@_author: totalb00n
@_date: 2015-12-11 06:41:29
You have a strange definition of "worthless".  
Some might associate "worthless" with 0 value.  
Be advices that you might get "division by zero errors" when trying to calculate the value of anything that has value by something that is worthless ;)
@_date: 2015-12-11 06:39:17
BitShares are at close to $0.004 per share according to [CMC](  
That's above worthless. But already pointed you to the market value and you seem to be more interested in having a strong opinion than trying to deal with facts.  
And regarding NuBits/NuShares:  
What makes you think there's a high inflation?  
Less NSR were distributed than initially planned.  
For over 10 weeks Nu is buying back NSR, reducing the supply.  
NuBits don't need to be propped up. They can be created on protocol by the vote of NSR holders and are destroyed when being used for tx fees or can be removed from market via several ways.  
That's pretty much all that keeps NBT pegged: NSR holders adjust the supply to the demand.  
You failed to explain why you call a multi million Dollar endeavour worthless!
@_date: 2014-11-27 22:59:01
I fully second your thinking about retarded altcoins!
...the thing is: NuBits is a different animal.
What criteria do you have for your postion?
@_date: 2014-04-06 10:56:35
So for the time being it looks like


Using PoW for not only coin distribution but securing the block chain as well could enhance the security level?
...and that would not be too "unfair" in terms of difficulty to mine a chain, right?
Having more and more participants (rather Peercoins than individuals...) in the PoS process enhances the security level as well?
@_date: 2014-03-28 08:12:49
Oh, I'm talking about a different approach to use transactions as a "data store"!
That's why I brought the combination Peercoin/Peershares into play.
This combination circumvents the "problems" that are discussed here (one piggybacking on another, each having its own concerns, one causing "inconvenience" to the other).
In difference to using OP_RETURN as data store, Peershares will allow to use "normal" transactions (merely the addresses, no OP_RETURN: "each Peershare address in the blockchain contains a Peercoin public address as a property") to associate the Peershares to the Peercoin block chain.
By uncoupling the transactions within the Peershares block chain from the Peercoin block chain, you prevent the Peercoin block chain from bloating (either if caused by UTXO or transactions).
That's why there is no conflict that needs to be solved. One "depends" on another without inadequately "using" the other. It's more symbiotic than parasitic this way.
I consider that completely different and I think it will be easier to sustain such an approach. But we may not come to an agreement about this. Time will tell...
@_date: 2014-10-13 19:27:00
There's an approach for Peercoin under development. Here's the discussion about that: 
And of the ideas is as follows:










They will start with a lowercase "p" like multisig addresses.




@_date: 2014-03-25 17:59:31
And that is exactly what Peercoin does already have right now (tx fee 0.01 PPC/kB).
The Peershares project ( is currently under development.
This development has been funded with 200 BTC and 60,000 PPC: 
It uses the Peercoin block chain to link information to without bloating the Peercoin block chain.
What do you think about that?
@_date: 2014-03-27 21:36:49
Please correct me if I'm wrong - the UTXO bloat is a lesser problem if there are fewer transactions, right?
And that's achieved by the fee structure of Peercoin: deliberately executed transactions; or may I say: no tx, no UTXO bloat?
Peercoin might be not the last step on the way to a sustainable concept, but from my view it looks very promising.
Although I think it is too early to go into detail regarding Peershares (because it is still under development and I want at least an alpha version before I consider it an advance), Peershares might be able to mitigate that block chain bloating: transactions can be executed completely off the Peercoin blockchain but in association due to the link between the Peercoin block chain and each Peershares block chain.
@_date: 2014-11-27 23:33:49
I meant your position towards NuBits...
I haven't heard a single argument, but a lot of unsubstantial bashing.
You clearly haven't understood that there's NO pump and dump with NuBits.
On the contrary there's a lot of effort put into keeping 1 NBT equal to 1 USD.
But I don't want to confuse you with arguments as you clearly have already made up your mind ;)
@_date: 2014-03-28 13:22:45
([edit] although I'm not aware of the implementation; I don't know how the transactions are done in Peershares. As it is a fork of Peercoin (afaik), it will most likely use the same technique for transactions as Peercoin does[/edit])
Peershares is a concept to issue a separate block chain that is sustained by a PoS process (to allow for energy efficient upkeep).
It is only related to Peercoin by having a Peercoin public address as a property for each Peershare address in the block chain.
That way Peercoin is used as a kind of backbone for each Peershares block chain that is created.
The intended (hypothetical) uses cases are things like IPOs and dividend distribution. The scope is limited, but I think that makes it easier to finally create a working piece of software.
You might want to have a look here (an example of how such an IPO using Peershares could be performed): 
@_date: 2014-04-06 10:16:03
PoW is for sure used for distribution of the Peercoins. But as far as I understand it, it does more than that.
There was a time when I was thinking PoW needs to be phased out at some point of time to really make Peercoin energy efficient (and not only relatively energy efficient compared to pure PoW concepts). Then I realized that PoW not only helps distributing the Peercoins, but for raising the block chain security level as well. So I tend to disagree with this evaluation:










Does the chain selection not involve chain length? If so, PoW does contribute to the block chain security and helps raising the bar for attacks. If an attacker doesn't create PoW blocks for the hiddenly created chain, there's a chance that this attacking chain ends up shorter than the not fraudulent on, making successful pure PoS attacks less likely. Or the attack needs more Peercoins to achieve the same level of probability.
[edit]Either way: the PoW makes PoS attacks more costly or less likely and hence more secure. I don't consider any coin's security perfectly safe. I know that it is only about probabilities and costs. It seems the hybrid approach is not one of the worst ideas...[/edit]
@_date: 2014-04-06 09:22:28
Thank you for your helpful explanation!
Now I understand your reasons to call Peercoins PoS better, although it raises some more questions.


But isn't that only true in a pure PoS system? As Peercoin is hybrid PoW/PoS you'd need &gt; 50% of the PoW hashhing power to make sure no PoW blocks interfere with that evil plan.
...which makes an attack much more costly.
Not to speak about the argument you put there yourself: PoS miners might be reluctant to perform an attack. Peercoins that have successfully been used for creating a PoS block transition to the status immature for 520 blocks (which is roughly 3.5 days) and can not be transferred anywhere.
If one successfully pulls off such an attack the owned coins will dramatically lose value.
This doesn't prevent from attacks that a purely bad person only trying to harm Peercoin might perform; but it raises the (financial) level for e.g. double-spending quite a bit.
Under these circumstances double-spending is only economically successful, if the profit from double spending is higher than the loss for the (estimatedly) reduced coin value.
It might be hard to derive the effect on the coin value from such an attack, but I doubt that it will push the price up ;)
I need to find out about bribery attacks.
I appreciate your assessment that Peercoin is theoretically unsound but in practice pretty secure. I expect this to improve, though.
@_date: 2014-04-06 03:44:27
May I ask on what your assumption "Peercoin's PoS is bad" is based on?
I'm highly interested in that, because I share the assumption that a PoW/PoS hybrid offers some hope (fairer distribution than PoS only, higher security than pure PoW or pure PoS, less energy costs than for pure PoW.
And it would be a pity to find out that the implementation of Peercoin PoS would be bad. I just don't want to take this as a fact until I know why. You might understand that.
Can you please elaborate why Peercoin's PoS is bad in your opinion?
I'm just curious because Peercoin is in the wild for some time and it seems there hasn't been a successful attack so far. How can that be if there are economical interests in attacking a crypto coin and yet it seems it hasn't been done on Peercoin?
I don't wanna say it's good, because nothing went wrong so far.
But I don't believe that Peercoin's PoS is bad just because you say it ;)
@_date: 2014-04-06 11:02:38
Thank you for that explanation. That seems to be a valid attack vector. And I wonder how to mitigate that technically in a PoS concept.
It seems to me the only mitigation is based economical aspects, again.
If the paid bribes are below the lost coin value for assisting such an attack, it is economically pointless.
...and once again difficult to be estimated/calculated... :(
@_date: 2014-04-06 04:29:01
PoS with good distribution can be found at e.g. Peercoin. The dsitribution is assisted by the coins that are created by the PoW part of the hybrid process.
Peercoin had no pre-mine, a fair start and is doing quite well, although killerstorm accuses Peercoin's PoS of being bad without explaining why.
I recommend to do your own research.
If you are interested in PoS with good distribution, keep an eye on Peercoin ;)
@_date: 2014-03-25 17:29:46
And I'm glad that e.g. Peercoin has a small block chain which is mainly due to the relatively high transaction fee of 0.01 PPC/kB.
This results in deliberately executing transactions and if one does, it need to be paid for.
If I don't get Mike Hearn's view of "Distributed Markets" wrong ( he thinks of enhancements, which are currently under development in the Peershares project, which is at full speed.
One of the ideas is to simply store a pointer to a third party.
That is what Peershares is going to do with the Peercoin blockchain.
And as transactions in the Peercoin network are (relatively to other coins) costly, this will most likely not lead to block chain bloating.
...for the record: the Peercoin block chain is ~300 MB!
It looks like the combination Peercoin/Peershares might be able to achieve what is meant to bloat the Bitcoin block chain even more.
@_date: 2014-11-27 22:52:34
Oh, you wouldn't have needed my permission to do that.
I only wanted to tempt you do decline the tip - or to provoke a sullen reaction ;)
It's good to see that you are not bribable with only ~~1 USD~~ 1 NBT
@_date: 2014-12-19 08:06:50
I agree that's how it's working.  
But what will that mean for the next coinbase reward halving (that is expected to happen in more or less 82 weeks)?  
This might be turbulent times in which either the BTC price needs to surge to compensate the declined reward or miners need to drop off...
@_date: 2014-04-06 04:10:01
It might become hard to include PoS in Bitcoin.
How do you incentivize people for working on the block chain and securing it?
Bitcoin offers coinbase rewards (and gives the transaction fees to the miners).
Peercoin does that (in the PoS process; remember it's a PoW/PoS hybrid!) by giving a reward of 1% per year of the "staked" coins when taking part in the PoS process. That needs to be adjusted at a concept with a hard cap of 21 mio.
The creator of Peercoin is "Sunny King" and he created Primecoin as well.
Just like Peercoin was the first successful implementation of a concept that deals with PoS, Primecoin was the first successful implementation (that I'm aware of) with a PoW that generates information that might not necessarily be useless (cunningham chains).
I think Sunny King has some qualities. That might be not sufficient for his creations to prosper.
But I consider it incomplete to call Peercoin'S PoS bad without telling the reasons for that name calling ;)
@_date: 2015-05-11 14:32:53
This is another important approach next to Mercury exchange to get rid of the need for centralized exchanges - Satoshi style!
@_date: 2015-01-12 17:40:46


Oh, you finally see reason?
@_date: 2015-01-13 09:04:56
That depends on the calculation, the likes, the stamina of the one who makes the decision.   
Could you consider something else than switching to a different PoW?  
What about a security mechanism that secures another block chain for 2.5 years now with no reported successful attacks?  
A mechanism that is almost independent from the coin price?  
That needs no highly specialized ASICS.  
That had a rising difficulty in the last weeks although the coin price was going down together with Bitcoin's.  
How does that sound?
@_date: 2015-01-22 22:15:16
The Nu network made a split between asset and currency.  
NuShares (NSR) are the asset which have a fixed amount and a variable price level. They are the shares of that corporation.  
NuBits (NBT) are the currency which have a fixed price level (1NBT=$1) and a variable amount.  
In short the peg works like this:  
custodians are elected by the NSR holders. The place buy and sell walls at exchanges to maintain the peg. Those walls are maintained by an open source programm called "NuBot" (which works so great it was copied by BitShares market makers).   
If more money is needed due to rising demand, new NBT can be issued by the NSR holders.  
Remark: NSR holders vote on custodians and other things in an ongoing voting process, but allow me to not go into further detail here.  
If there are too many NBT in circulation, there are several approaches to reduce the supply. One of them is paying a park rate interest to remove NBT temporarily from the market, but the more important approach is to burn NBT and create NSR by doing that.  
This inflates the amount of NSR and dilutes their value, but as the value of the whole Nu network highly depends on the stability of the peg it can be expected from the NSR holders to rather take a partial loss by diluting the NSR than a complete loss by a failing Nu network.  
So NBT are ultimately backed by NSR.  
If you see someone selling 1 NBT for less than 1 USD (only possible at exchanges which have no active custodian NuBots), I can only recommend to buy all you can get and sell it to a custodian sell wall at an exchange that has a NuBot running.  
The latest example of that happening can be followed here:   
If you have more questions I recommend to visit  and the forum  (folks are friendly there ;) ) or drop me an answer here and I'll respond the best I can - although I will be away for some time now...
@_date: 2015-01-13 07:30:20
Bitcoin has survived all crises so far. And I hope this trend continues.  
It would be horrible fur such great an experiment to fail because of not perfectly set economical incentives.  
I remember how the world was before Bitcoin brought back control over something valuable that can be transferred back to people and away from corporations and governments.  
I not clearly have said that, but I fear for Bitcoin, because I love Bitcoin!  
It would be horrible if it failed!  
But I consider the danger the economical model of mining poses a serious one.
@_date: 2015-01-13 07:04:55
In difference to recent significant price drops in Bitcoin's history the situation might be more complicated now.  
It mght be more complicated, because Bitcoin mining is no longer something that single enthusiasts do on their GPU rigs, FPGAs or Avalons.  
Bitcoin mining has been converted to a business. A business that needs to generate revenue. That revenue is generated by mining and an appropriate combination of selling the Bitcoins to cover costs (purchase, operating, etc.) and keeping the Bitcoins for speculating purposes.  
With plummeting prices there's a point at which the mined Bitcoins don't even cover the cost of operating the mining devices.  
Somewhere close to that point the mining devices need to be shut off.  
The thing is: the block chain is secured by the PoW mining. The difficulty drops as a result of turned off miners.  
But the mining hardware is still there, available, with who-knows how many PH/s (in case of a Bitcoin mining data centre that was shut down).  
That is not only a threat for other coins that have a SHA256 PoW, it poses a thread to Bitcoin itself.  
This threat is based on the scenario in which a mining facility operator might be desperate by having invested hundreds of thousands of USD, maybe even millions and not knowing how to cover the costs.  
It would be good for that operator to at least cover the costs of building that facility.  
Assuming that the mining would have been done by selling a part of the Bitcoins and keeping some for speculation that could be achieved by selling those kept Bitcoins.  
That might be an explanation for this downward spiral we see at Bitcoin's price for some time now.  
Dropping prices cause more Bitcoins to be sold until there are no left in the pockets of that operator.  
Now begins the real threat - not for the operator and not in terms of selling pressure at the markets.  
That operator now has an incentive to use the hardware for attacking the network trying to cover his loss.  
If it's just a small mining data centre with only a few PH/s, that wlll hardly be successful.  
If it's a big one it will be dangerous.  
This is the ugly face of the combination of centralization and the need for expensive specialized mining hardware. The little guy can't do anything to leverage the effects of big mining data centres going wild.  
Under normal circumstances big players have no incentive to go wild. Instead they have an incentive do to the best to protect their investment.  
Under extraordinary cirumstances it might be different.
That's sad but true.  
You can downvote me to hell now.  
You can do so, because you hate what I say.  
You can do it because I made you afraid.  
But you can hardly do it, because all of it is nonsense and lacks comprehension.
@_date: 2015-01-04 17:09:44
2015 might be the year of Peercoin then with Peercoin being the first working implementation of PoS - running stable and secure for over 2 years now! :P
@_date: 2015-01-13 08:29:05
If you are interested in following the health of the Bitcoin PoW process, look at the difficulty. As you call youself a first timer you might not be aware that the difficulty is a variable to adjust the network to the hash rate that is mining in the PoW process to keep the block time close to 10 minutes at average.  
You can watch the trend by comparing the current difficulty (43971662056.09):  
  
with the estimate (30970075213.88063261) for the next 2016 block cycle:  
  
Take the current value with caution (I doubt the drop will be 25%), because the 2016 block cycle has just started (at the time of  this writing being at block 338749 that was 61 blocks ago).  
So this value is not very accurate.  
But a declining difficulty means less hash rate in the pow process.  
Give it several hundred blocks
@_date: 2015-01-04 17:08:02
Peercoin has a hybrid process consisting of (SHA-256) PoW and PoS.  
But the security of the block chain is not based on PoW. PoW is only for coin distribution.
@_date: 2015-01-11 21:18:40


PoS minting can (at least for most coins) be done on a [RaspberryPi]( which is tiny¹ compared to an ASIC miner.  
In addition to not using much physical space a RaspberryPi doesn't consume much energy at all (typical less than 3.5 W).  
And Peercoin doesn't need much space on a disk to write the block chain. But that has not much to do with Peercoin being a PoS coin, but with Peercoin's protocol². That makes it ideal for being stored on a RaspberryPi - you don't even need a big SD card for that.  
In difference to several thousand USD you might pay for top-notch ASIC miners, you get a RaspberryPi for less than [$40]( You might be able to use an old mobile phone charger as power supply, if it has enough power (&gt; 700 mA). And you need an SD card of 4 (better 8 GB) size; that's it!
Even if you don't have an SD card and a suitable power supply, you get complete kits for under $60.
¹ 85.60 mm × 56.5 mm (3.370 in × 2.224 in) – not including protruding connectors  
² Peercoin has a fixed tx fee of 0.01 PPC/kB transaction size that disincentivizes frequent transactions. In roughly 2.5 years the whole block chain is still smaller than 400 MB (compared to e.g. Litecoin's 4 GB, Dogecoins 9 GB or Bitcoin's 33 GB!)
@_date: 2015-01-04 22:19:34
That would require acknowledging that there are other viable ways of securing a block chain. And it would require consensus.  
If you are interested in alternatives have a look at systems that secure block chains with Proof of Stake.  
PoS is very (energy) efficiently securing block chains.  
Peercoin is the first implementation of a PoS system and still running after more than 2 years. A minter that does the PoS job for Peercoin can be run on a RaspberryPi! Here's a brief overview about Peercoin:     
NXT, Blackcoin and other coins followed that PoS scurity model and they are doing fine in terms of security.  
Although I'm like begging for being downvoted: why not swap the funds to an alternative that already has those features? ;)
@_date: 2014-11-28 07:36:10


I'm not aware of fundamental problems, maybe you want to enlighten me. Oh, if you mean the "nothing at stake" problem (which is not necessarily a fundamental one), this is already addressed by invalidating double staking.
Bitcoin network maintenance is costly. I'm not saying it's not worth it, but it's considerably more costly to use hash rate as the limited ressource to protect the network than to use coin age.
But maybe we should continue this discussion once the PoW reward is halved once more in roughly 100,000 blocks; from  "Reward-Drop ETA: 2016-07-31 14:27:25 UTC (87 weeks, 2 days, 11 hours, 10 minutes)"


Volatility is a problem if you want to use something of value to pay for things. This is terrible for a currency.


I was talking about NuBits when I said there's no pump and dump with NuBits. 1 NBT = 1 USD. So it looks like I'm right about that. I realize that NuBits is a product with that Nu (and hence the owners: the holders of NuShares) is making money. It will for sure take more than roughly 2 months to create the business that is required for that. But a wide-spread adoption alone would already make money: transaction fees are destroyed, so there are NuBits destroyed (0.01 NBT per kB tx size). They can be accounted as income for the Nu network. So there already is a business model; that needs to be extended for sure, but it's already there.


The voting is done by the NuShares holders. If they were to trust the wrong people with money, they'd shoot in their own foot. Trusting the wrong people might lead to loss of NBT and that would have effects on the value of NuShares.
By the custodians it is assured that people can buy and sell NuBits for 1 USD at supported exchanges (+/- exchange fee).
NuShares represent a kind of company that is a Distributed Autonomous Corporation and NuBits are their (currently only) product. 
NuShares are the asset and NuBits are the currency.
NuShares are volatile and NuBits are stable.
Holding NuShares is risky, holding NuBits is considerably less risky.
I find this concept quite useful. 


I don't know who Jordan Lee is or are and I have no clue how old he/she is or they are. But Nu is based on that whitepaper and NuBits are at 1 USD right from the start until now. Looks like a quite clever teenager ;)
@_date: 2015-01-12 16:20:53
tried, but failed ;)
@_date: 2015-01-12 17:23:22
If all you answers are that elaborated, it will be hard to discuss.  
Maybe you don't want to discuss.  
Sorry for confusing you with arguments - you already have an opinion.  
Let me try to blend in:  
"answer" lol
@_date: 2015-01-13 10:51:35
It is good to find out how to treat these situations as in [roughly 1.5 years]( there will be another one: the halving of the coinbase reward.  
That will, once it happens, immediately cut the income by half if the price per BTC stays stable.  
It begins to turn out the ugly aspects of being dependent on Bitcoin's price in order to operate miners that keep the system secure.  
There will be other coinbase reward halvings each 210,000 blocks...
@_date: 2014-11-27 20:20:09
You are free not to accept this tip ;)
@_date: 2015-01-11 22:31:24
How is 85.60 mm × 56.5 mm (3.370 in × 2.224 in) not less space than the size of any suitable ASIC miner on the market?  
What limitations are you talking about?
@_date: 2015-01-13 14:15:49
I don't care for downvotes, but thanks for your comment!  
It makes it harder to find information if you assume that downvoted comments are not worth reading, but then again: this hate voting will not change the truth.  
And the truth is that Bitcoin mining has changed as has Litecoin mining.  
Lots of money has been invested in highly specialized hardware.  
That changes the incentive strucure.
The imho [interesting analysis]( hasn't been downvoted so hard, though.
Anyway, people are allowed to hate the messengers that bring ugly truth :)
@_date: 2015-01-04 20:57:48
That's not true - depending on how you define 100% PoS.  
But I was saying something different. I stated that Peercoin was the first implementation of PoS. That is a fact that can't be erased by other PoS coins following Peercoin's security model.  
Peercoin is the first implementation of Proof of Stake.  
Having a hybrid process with Proof of Work for coin distribution doesn't make Peercoin not the first Proof of Stake implentation.  
And considering that the block chain security of Peercoin is ensured by the Proof of Stake process makes it security wise a 100% PoS coin ;)
@_date: 2015-01-13 11:20:56
The difference between a hash rate that is back to levels 4 months ago and a hash rate that has never been higher is explained in detail here:   
In short: a steep diving BTC price creates an incentive for big miners to attack the network.  
Mining today is completely different from 2011...
@_date: 2015-01-13 12:48:53
Go and have a look at Prrof of Burn, if you like. I find that idea amazing.  
Too bad that the development stalled. The network is still running, though.  
Ever heard of Emercoin?   
Provides decentralized DNS (I'd say an improved Namecoin version) and PKI (that could be unique at the moment).  
Being a Peercoin fork Emercoin is secured by PoS and hence almost independent from the price level.  
@_date: 2015-01-05 06:57:05
Stopping the mining in case of a more radical price drop (or a radical income flow drop like in one and a half years from now when the coinbase reward gets halved) leaves legions of mining devices which are _capable_ of mining.  
That interferes with the basic concept of the hash rate being a limited resource that can't be created at will.  
With these mining devices being available but not being able to be run for profit by mining an incentive for using them to attack the network is present.
@_date: 2015-01-12 18:48:33
I should have explained in more detail why I consider Peercoin and PoS in general interesting, though.    
It's not that I dislike PoW, Bitcoin, Litecoin or anything of the attempts to make something new, hopefully better, at all!  
I love Bitcoin for having intruduced a public ledger that contains information whose security and integrity is kept by a distributed process. Sadly the mining becomes more and more centralized.   
I love Litecoin for having introduced an algorithm that was harder to implement on FPGAs and ASICs than SHA256 and for trying to increase the amount of transaction the network can handle per time.  
Yet there are ASICs and the centralization is on the way.  
But I love Peercoin as well for having introduced a different concept for securing a block chain than all PoW did before: creating a security model with a limited resource that is intrinsicalliy tied to what it shall protect, using the Peercoins to protect the block chain (oh, there's PoW in Peercoins hybrid model, but only for coin distribution, not for security; you don't want very short mining phases or ICOs, do you?).  
With this very energy efficient concept the security of the block chain is ensured without being dependent on the Peecoin price level as much as PoW processes depend on the price level of the coins they mine.  
Peercoin can be secured using a RaspberryPi that needs ~3 W and costs less than $60 for a complete kit with power supply and SD card.  
That's different from an SCRYPT/SHA256 ASIC miner that costs thousands of USD, gets never delivered or late delivered and consumes hundreds of watts while running.  
You can very well use a Bitcoin miner to mine Peercoin in its PoW process. But if you don't already have one, you can buy Peercoins instead and mint with them in the PoS process. One might say that Peercoins are tiny virtual miners and miners or minters is what you need to secure a block chain ;) .  
Peercoin is nothing more or less than the attempt to make the Bitcoin idea even better.  
Economical wise this seems to be achieved.  
I will never understand why it's considered to be bad idea to develop the Bitcoin idea even further.  
Or: such fundamentalism, not much wow!
@_date: 2015-01-13 11:38:20
Altcoins have a bad reputation because most altcoins are copy cats at best and scam at worst.  
It is the small amount of altcoins that is neither copy cat norscam that is intriguing.  
 * Peercoin is indeed one of those, because it is the first implementation of a PoS process securing a block chain and still running safe and sound for 2.5 years.  
 * Litecoin made an attempt to introduce a new hashing algoroithm and increase the number of transactions per time.
 * NXT built a completely new code base and an interesting ecosystem
 * Slimcoin is unfortunately almost dead, but made an interesting attempt to create a Proof of Burn process to secure the block chain.  
I could extend this list by far.  
What I try to say is: not every altcoin is worth being ignored, because some improved the idea or addressed flaws that Bitcoin suffers or may suffer.  
Fun fact: Peercoin's security is based on PoS (there's a hybrid process, but PoW is not for security only for coin distribution). And although the price per PPC is diving together with Bitcoin's price, the difficulty of the PoS process is rising.  
Ensuring Peercoin's block chain security is almost independent from Peercoin's price.  
@_date: 2015-01-14 13:10:54
Scrypt ASICS already have hit the market (Gridseed, Zeusminer, etc.)...  
@_date: 2015-01-05 06:59:47
Those 63% (best case when you have the most efficient hardware and these low electricity prices) are not the net profit. You have to pay the hardware from that profit and in case you need cooling, maintenance, etc. that goes off as well.  
The 37% cost is rather a minimum that needs to be paid for the electricity alone.
@_date: 2015-01-12 16:26:33
Let's talk again about pow security if the Bitcoin (or Litecoin, or any other coin that requires highly specialized hardware to be mined) price plummets even more, or the next coinbase reward halving (for Bitcoin in approximately 1.5 years) occurs, or whatever drastically interferes with the economical incentive model happens...  
Peercoin's security can be ensured (almost) independently from Peercoin's price level!
@_date: 2015-01-10 22:57:17


There are other concepts for securing a block chain which allocate resources, namely money as well, but don't use that much space and don't generate that high operating costs as Proof of Work does.  
Proof of Stake is one of those concepts. The pioneer Peercoin is running a PoS secured block chain for almost 2.5 years now (there's a PoW process for coin distribution, but that doesn't contribute to block chain security).  
Proof of Burn is another concept. The pioneer Slimcoin is development and community wise in a pretty bad shape, but the block chain is still moving on. Slimcoin utilizes PoW (dcrypt) in addition to PoB (and started as tri-hybrid with PoS on top) to secure the block chain. But PoB alone might work. The PoW is nice for coin distribution, though, because for PoB you obviously need coins; with PoW you can generate some by mining.    
I'm only trying to say that there are other ways to secure a block chain, because your assessment about Proof of Work is right: PoW leads to centralization: to a small number of block chains that aggregate a high hash rate provided by highly specialized mining devices (depending on algorithm) that are run where the TCO is low.  
PoS and PoB don't face that problem - they might face others...
@_date: 2015-01-04 21:22:31


Security wise Peercoin is a pure PoS coin and that's what important - at least in my opinion.  
The PoW process at Peercoin is there for coin distribution and coin distribution is why you pass criticism on NXT.  
The security model of all block chain solutions is based on te concept of securing the block chain with a limited resource that can't be created at will.  
The security model of PoW coins is tied to economical success of participating in the PoW process.  
The security model of PoS coins is tied to economical success of participating in the PoS process and even more to success in keeping the block chain secure.  
While you can mine different coins (that have a compatible algorithm) with mining devices you need to secure the block chain of a PoS coin with units of that coin.  
You cant' use the coins for minting in other PoS processes.  
That's why I like the economical incentives of PoS.  
@_date: 2015-01-13 07:45:25
ad 1) the volume includes buy and sell activities. To have a volume of 100,000 you don't need 100,000 BTC entering the market. If you have a total amount of 5000 BTC and trade the BTC/USD pair, you only need to sell and buy them 10 times a day to have a volume of 100,000!  
ad 2) if you see a plummeting price, do you want to wait until others have sold at the current price and wait? That's not how panic selling works; it's more like "Darn, I have to bite the bullet and sell now, it will only get worse"
@_date: 2015-01-12 21:44:23
You are aware of the function of the hybrid PoS/PoW?  
PoS secures the block chain.  
PoW is solely for coin distribution.  
In difference to PoS blocks (which have a high trust value that is based on the difficulty that is currently in the billions) PoW have a trust value of 1.  
The accumulated trust value of the blocks decides which fork to choose in case of block chain forking.  
Centralized checkpoints will be phased out.  
If PoS would be that insecure, why was there no reported attack on Peercoin's block chain in the 2.5 years that it's running?
@_date: 2015-01-11 22:49:11
Are you aware that the topic is about decentralization?  
Time will tell which concept is more useful and can be sustained and secured for the longer time.
@_date: 2016-01-29 05:27:12


...just like Tether (USDT) does with USD. Better hope for the funds to be not stolen, confiscated, etc.
@_date: 2016-01-28 16:17:57
Nu uses a "trust me" model as well. You need to trust that the total value of Nu (corporate value, assets, etc.) is big enough to back the NuBits in circulation.  
But in difference to Coinapult most financial data of Nu is transparently available.  
You can read the value of the corporation by looking at the price of the shares.  
You can look at the reports of assets (e.g. BTC; most assets are on multisignature addresses) and so on.  
Currently at least 15% of all NuBits in circulation need to be backed by reserves (BTC etc.).   
With the upcoming release of additional pegged products (CN-NBT, pegged to CNY; EU-NBT, pegged to EUR; X-NBT, pegged to SDR/XDR (IMF Special Drawing Rights)) this will no longer be restricted to NuBits (which will then be US-NBT), but to the total value of circulating products.  
If the reserves that back the issued products start to be drained, parking interest can be offered to remove products (like NuBits) temporarily from circulation to buy time for creating and selling NSR to remove NBT permanently from circulation.  
In the end the Nu scheme is quite sophisticated, transparent, public, verifiable and starts to raise awareness for it.  
Even the Cato instute posted an article about it:  
@_date: 2015-08-06 12:32:36
Your attitude is right, but it's the wrong place. Here's If you don't praise the one true god, you'll get downvoted. Just look at this post of mine and what will happen to it.  
Arguments have no room when all is already occupied by belief.  
I've conceded arguing here.  
If I hadn't, I'd ask for how to make refrigerators more efficient, too search for alternatives to preserve food more caring for the environment while having an equal result.  
I'd ask for...   
...but the thing is: I gave up.  
The bad economical design of Bitcoin will be recognized when all blows up. It's rather a matter of "when" than "if" it blows up.  
I have written a comment about this. Stangely it wasn't down~~hated~~voted: 
@_date: 2015-07-17 21:14:42
The main difference between Bitcoin and Nu is that Nu is a decentralized corporation while Bitcoin isn't.  
Bitcoin was the first crypto currency. It paved the ground. It is and will for an unforeseeable future be very important. But it no longer is alone and not everything that came after Bitcoin was a Shitcoin only trying to screw people.  
Lots of ideas are floating around and will not likely or never be included into Bitcoin.  
The only way to solve a discussion about controversially discussed feature, where no consensus can be reached, would be to hard-fork Bitcoin and see which fork succeeds.  
That is different at Nu. If there's need to decide things, there can be votes cast into the blockchain. The weight of ones votes correlates to the part of the share he owns of that corporation. There's always a consensus forming - either to do something or to leave it.  
Even if there were a hard fork, the voters with the most weight (biggest part of the corp.) would determine the winning fork.
Nu is not useless. If only it proved that a decentralized corporation can be transformed in the way Nu has been so far - all in the name of keeping the peg of 1 NBT = 1 USD. But there's more.  
BTC might be stable sometimes. But there's no mechanism in place that enforces BTC stability. The chance of BTC stability depends on the situation and the circumstances.  
How will you provide stability if you can control the supply and adjust it to the demand?  
Without ways to inflate or deflate the supply you can't enforce stability.
NBT is stable, because it can adjust the NBT supply to the demand.  
I have a NuDroid wallet on my mobile phone. There are some NBT on it. Whenever I want to pay with BTC (or any other supported coin) at a point of sale, I can do that (haven't found any place so far).  
Until I do that, the NBT on my mobile wallet keep their value (in USD).  
Had I bought BTC early 2013 they would have lost 75% of their value.  
Oh, and btw. - you can establish an escrow service much easier with something of stable value. Whether you prefer a centralized or decentralized approach is up to your taste ;)
@_date: 2015-07-17 19:06:14
Great idea and good move to use stable crypto currencies to make sure the deposit keeps its value!  
It's nice to offer customers a choice of different stable cryptos.  
I wish you all the best!
@_date: 2015-07-17 23:26:59
One possible reason is that bitreserve is centralized while nubits is not.  
It might be wise to offer a bitreserve option and let the customers decide.  
But it seems escrowmybits.com had problems with a lack of communication on bitreserve side as well: 
@_date: 2015-07-21 20:10:18
What do you think about "Blocks and Chains Exchange"?  
It's still under development, but the minimum funding is complete and development has started: 
@_date: 2015-09-18 10:21:06
If you want to have stable crypto currency with even less fees, you could trade your BTC to [NBT]( at an exchange where Nu maintains NBT [liquidity operations]( e.g. at [poloniex]( - just have a look at the spread and the volume there!  
NBT are in the wild for close to one year and have kept a tight peg to USD ever since.  
No need to rely on the centralized coinapult (but obvoiously on the decentralized Nu network instead).  
But as I'm writing this in this will be downvoted into oblivion, before people realize they can spend their NBT at every place that accepts BTC using [NuDroid](  
...doing this requires a small fee doing the exchange from NBT into BTC via shapeshift.io (and using shapeshift requires a fee).
@_date: 2015-10-13 05:44:54
NuBits  
bitUSD  
coinoUSD  
Tether  
Some have a better peg than others and some are more decentralized than others.  
The sorting is for a reason ;)