@_author: totally_schway
@_date: 2018-01-16 13:42:46
I wholeheartedly apologise for me tone. I've been deep diving into these things and the libertarian point of view, which a lot of crypto people share, frustrates me to no end. Sorry I took that frustration out on you.
In the friendly spirit of things let me relate to you an analogy that came to me:
A man eats extremely unhealthy gobbles up whatever comes in front of him and eats all the processed high sugar, high salt and high fat food he can get his hands on.
Obviously he develops serious problems and has a heart attack. The doctor gives him CPR and shocks him with the defibrillator and rescues him from death's door.
Oh btw this man is the sole bread winner of the family. Him dying would have led to the ruin of his family.
I mean, look, yes the man should be held responsible for his actions but letting him die hurts more people than just him. And saving him was the right thing to do in that moment. However both his family and his doctor should not have let it get so bad. And they should not let him eat like a madman post his operation either. (Which is what is going on in your link)
The family in this example is the common citizen, the man is the banks and the doctor the Fed. (If it wasn't clear)
EDIT: Oh and I'm not American, the vital role my central bank played in keeping our banks separate from highly risky derivatives and maintaining healthy reserves is why our economy passed through relatively unscathed.
@_date: 2018-01-16 11:34:57
I'm sorry but you're grossly misinformed. The Fed bailing banks it was a good thing. It should never have come to that but when shit had hit the fan, it was important that the Fed nail the banks out
@_date: 2018-01-31 16:46:59
I totally agree. However there is something concrete one may look at: volume. Total (net) volume that bought post 1k-10k when rising will always be more than total volume when crashing.
Of course there is too much volume left to say anything for now. Imo 1k support price is really strong, so we shouldn't go below that level.