@_author: tpanzyo
@_date: 2017-03-09 00:24:47
You're correct from a technical perspective that it can't be stopped, but it sounds like the existing regulations made it difficult (or at least legally questionable) for exchanges to operate there, hence they may have started to walk away from NH customers. Governments may not be able to kill BTC completely, but making life hard for the exchanges makes them not worth operating to make money, which reduces people's access to buying BTC (since most of us don't actually mine). Without the exchanges, you can bet that BTC won't absolutely take off like we all want it to, so it's good that the NH gov't is backtracking here and rethinking its stance on crypto. It sets a bad precedent otherwise for other undecided states to follow, like Hawaii.
@_date: 2017-03-09 02:13:45
Dude, I'm agreeing with you. Bitcoin has no bounds, no government can stop it (in theory). What I'm saying is that there is a practical risk here: if any government makes rules that shut down the official exchanges, either directly by prohibition or indirectly because it makes it unprofitable to run one, the average person who doesn't know much about crypto or fancy computer shit won't want to bother trying to mine or buy from other users/miners to get coins. They're used to banks and other entities with websites, and a brand name they can "trust", so that's what they look for. If they see none, and getting coins any other ways is a hassle like mining or trading on the street, then there's no way they'll buy unless the economy is poor like Greece or Venezuela.
    
The point is this legislation makes it easier for the exchanges to operate in some small part of the world, so we don't have any of what I just described, at least for now. Doesn't matter where it happened, it sends a good message for BTC all the same.
@_date: 2016-06-17 15:37:12
Ok...um, great? I respect the input, but why post this here exactly? I mean, that's like posting in r/aww saying "I don't like pictures of cute animals". You're just asking to get downvoted to hell...
@_date: 2016-06-17 20:34:02
Ah ok, I understand your post then. 
I agree that more good, solid usages need to arise before it can really be mainstream, but that only happens as popularity grows, so the two are very much dependent on each other. I've bought games on Steam with it just to show I support that it's even an option. Yeah it costs me an extra 1% fee overall, but in the long term, the potential this has to save over bank and credit card costs is much more than that, so that's worth it to me. But I totally get why to the average person that seems nuts.