@_author: tpcrypto
@_date: 2018-11-19 14:40:00
It was always a hopeful theory and never deemed factual. The facts are Fidelity and BAAKT are entering the space and do have deep deep pockets which will be going for Bitcoin first...
Always good to debate and we shall agree to disagree. We all have the same hope at the end of the day for price appreciation. Whether it happens or not is another story.
Always put what you can afford to lose &amp; diversify your investment. 
Personally my belief is we will see this bull run come, don't know when, otherwise I would have my long and short positions in line already! 
Much like after the dot com bubble, the markets evolved and matured.  The Internet and all the tech coming with it is a part of our everyday life...It is likely the use of Digital Assets in 5/10 years time will be part of everyday life also, as FIAT currency is on its last legs now...
Lets see what we will be using!
2019 will be interesting
@_date: 2018-11-19 09:58:21
Scarcity of Bitcoins alone will drive the price up. take out 2/3m BTC already lost over the years, leaves us with approximately 18m BTC. Not all the millionaires in the USA Alone couldnt all own 1 BTC..let alone the rest of the world.
Short-sighted individuals will look at the next week or two. 
Long term thinkers know the price will greatly appreciate.
Chinas crackdown last year still led to a bull run.. This year we have confirmed entry into the cryptospace of Fidelity and BAAKT which alone handle over 25x the crypto market. 
Patience is a virtue
@_date: 2018-11-19 15:08:38
demand from Retail investors has been decreasing because retail investors rely on the news and rumors, hoping for a jump. 
Institutional investors demand is increasing, hence why these huge companies, handling trillions, are entering the space...And they certainly are not just relying on CCN or Coindesk for news and updates. 
Employees that have been working at the largest Financial Institutions for years are also switching over to the Crypto Sector as they can see what is coming.
Retail investors amount invested is a drop in the ocean compared to what is to come once the Institutional Investors enter the space. 
@_date: 2018-11-19 15:44:53
1: Stocks are not the same as Digital Assets. Cant be managed the same or regulated the same because they are not the same thing.
2: Do you not remember Jamie Dimon last year? 
Called BTC  a fraud, stated that if he found any employees buying BTC they were fired...then what happened? Oh yeah, he was busted buying a huge bag of BTC off a German Exchange to avoid detection from the American Market...
If that aint manipulation or contradiction i don't know what is!
@_date: 2018-11-19 16:17:32
I am aware thank you.
As the Crypto Space is now, they are not gambling peoples retirement money on Crypto as the market is now...The market is still immature and has a lot of growth still to come!
But explain to me please if you will, Why are all the Institutional Investors entering the space? 
@_date: 2018-11-19 13:58:43
Yes you are correct. The demand plays just as an important role as the supply. 
However, there is a limited supply of Bitcoin, and a high demand, it is just not reflected in the price yet due to the lack of regulatory clarity. 
Furthermore, BAAKT, Fidelity, the new ETP from Switzerland announced recently, all focus predominantly on Bitcoin and then the Alt-Coins. 
So in theory, the supply is already limited, and the Institutional demand is swiftly approaching, with Investors who's pockets are far deeper than retail investors. 
Would this not indicate the demand is there also as well as Supply? Its just regulatory clarity that is needed now before the market continues its path?  
@_date: 2018-11-16 14:12:21
Gold.  An oz of Gold 100 years ago is an OZ of gold today. Technologies like Bitcoin, though they were revolutionary in their own respects, the technology is outdated and not as scalable as other digital assets on the market right now.
@_date: 2018-11-26 09:45:47
TA Analysts are suggesting it looks like it is on Wave 3 of the Elliot Wave Principle. There is more room for decline before we see a reversal
@_date: 2018-11-19 08:32:44
"The Amun ETP will give institutional investors that are restricted to investing only in securities or do not want to set up custody for digital assets exposure to cryptocurrencies. It will also provide access for retail investors that currently have no access to crypto exchanges due to local regulatory impediments" - Hany Rashwan, Amun ETP Top Executive
A chance to expand the institutional Investment within Crypto. considering the overall crypto market cap now less than $175Bn, even fractions from this ETP will contribute to the appreciation of the Digital Assets available to trade.