@_author: tpmaij
@_date: 2018-01-10 14:40:50
!RemindMe 2 months
@_date: 2017-12-07 16:17:42
1. The money goes to another individual who is selling the bitcoin, just like when you buy food, clothes, other goods. Someone is selling. 
2. The price rises. Supply and demand. 
3. Supply and demand only. 
4. Then you spent your money and it’s gone. What happens when you buy with USD/GBP etc. and then the next day there is a sale on the item you bought? Could have got it cheaper if you had waited.
5. There are no paid dividends to any investors. 
The purpose of using bitcoin isn’t to recruit new participants. 
There’s no centralized body that funnels money up to the top. 
Unlike Ponzi schemes, Bitcoin will still have value and continue to function even if no new participants join the ecosystem.
6. Yes, just like any currency.
7. Don’t know what you mean by OP, but no one is giving away BTC. People buy them from the miners, who sell them at market rate. This is where new BTC come from.
8. No one is in charge of bitcoin. It’s a set of rules constructed to work even if every person acts as selfishly as possible. No one person is receiving all the money spent on BTC. And world currencies don’t get destroyed when someone buys BTC. Money is only ever exchanged between people. In the same way I can trade you USD for GBP and both still exist, so does BTC/USD etc. The price we exchange the money for might be different over time, though.
@_date: 2017-11-17 21:51:19


My ticket has been open for 17 days and still only the automated response. Currently ~800 USD locked. Might not seem a lot to some, but it's significant for me. Starting to feel the frustration. Hope you're not in with as much value as I stupidly am. Anyone who's had success with account unlocks, feel free to chime in with how you managed to get through.
@_date: 2018-02-07 08:48:18
'Hold on' is a phrasal verb. Of course you wouldn't drop the 'on' in that case. In phrasal verbs, we use two words to make one verb. Other examples of phrasal verbs with the preposition 'on' are 'take on', which is very different to just 'take', and 'count on', which is very different to just 'count'. Learn more about phrasal verbs if you're interested!