@_author: tracer289
@_date: 2017-12-15 00:26:09
Yet here I sit in front of my comp typing away...  not in jail.
I can understand if you are too cowardly to step outside your comfort zone. It takes bravery to tell our public servants when they are acting outside the law. Most of us hve no idea how to do this. 
Consider reading what I linked before you condemn it. Your knee jerk reaction only hurts you...  I and many others keep our earnings.  Knowledge is power.
@_date: 2017-12-10 18:17:30
People trying to do cheap transactions, so they forego instant confirmation.     Pretty much the whole 3rd world.  When you're poor you learn to do without luxuries such as instant inclusion into a block.
Although there is also some compelling corroborative evidence that suggest at times there may have been spam attacks that, so the theory goes, flooded the network with low fee transactions.This was done apparently to drive up fees. The qui bono answer was certain mining parties?
@_date: 2017-12-14 17:41:31
Tax attorneys are like doctors; rather than cure the underlying illness they charge for a pill that only creates other problems. See my above comment.
@_date: 2017-12-06 15:14:29
   &lt;--------- Read here.
@_date: 2017-12-10 09:41:01
If you can wrap your head around my previous comment, your more than intelligent enough to learn this stuff.
All the shorthard JaJ shared only applies to a very small class of Americans.
@_date: 2017-12-14 00:50:00
I am not aware of any law that states you must use the same methods from year to year.
You may wish to review this website to learn more;     
@_date: 2017-12-14 18:12:43
I can't speak to Canadian law, Only law in the Home of the Free and the Brave.
In the US, the income tax is an indirect excise, not a capitation. What did you learn in your class about these types of taxes? The Drafters of the US Constitution read "Wealth of Nations" by Adam Smith and his words informed their writing. What did Smith say about these classes of tax?? What restrictions did the Drafters place on the two types?? What has the US Supreme Court said about the income tax?? Did the Court say it was an excise or a capitation??
@_date: 2017-12-09 01:44:56
Let's agree to disagree for now and time will tell who has done their homework.
Also, "The easiest way to prove a fool wrong is to let him have his way".
@_date: 2017-12-09 14:43:02
All educated Americans who know the tax is an excise are labelled "tax protesters" in every public way possible. For example look at the IRS "Dirty Dozen" Tax Protest list.
Despite their public words, in private they refund everything withheld, including social security and medicare withholding, because they can't dispute the filing and the law is the law. Since 2003, refunds have been issued, continually.
But there have been efforts to shut down CTC. 
I don't want to mislead you. The IRS does push back,     
The authors wife is being prosecuted;   since 2006.   She is not being prosecuted for tax evasion etc. She is being prosecuted for "Contempt of Court". The DoJ has spent a decade and millions of dollars to secure this conviction. Do you think they wanted to secure the conviction over less than $8000 of taxes?? Or because they need to scare people away from the liberating information Pete and Doreen are sharing with Americans because the Americans who read the book are acting and are refusing to be the fuel for the DC gravytrain??   
Find more clarity here; 
and here; 
@_date: 2017-12-07 01:17:29
~~A wise man opens his mouth because he has something to say. A fool opens his mouth because he has to say something.~~ Your quip doesn't negate anything I wrote.
@_date: 2017-12-14 16:51:54
The law is good, but very few Americans know what the law says. Most Americans simply remain ignorant and cower in fear whenever the IRS is mentioned. It is a good law when those humans who make money off fed-guv have to pay a portion back. This is an excise.   It is bad when every citizens is taxed no matter what, this is a capitation and it is bad.  In law we have an excise, but most Americans who are ignorant suffer under what is it practice a capitation.
There are a few good Statesmen, but I agree the majority are uneducated fools. The blind "leading" the blind, down the Road to Serfdom.
Regardless, you don't have to go down with the ship. Learn to blow up a life-raft and how to survive; Bitcoin and knowledge of the tax laws.
@_date: 2017-12-08 05:55:18
Alright. Well thanks for giving me a chance to get that out for any American readers.   The Internet Reformation marches on!
@_date: 2017-12-14 17:09:42
Learn the tax laws for yourself, 
I won't be paying any tax on my bitcoin gains as there is no exercise of federal privilege; fed-guv is not the source of my gains. The income tax is an indirect excise, not a capitation. Only income from federal sources is required to be reported and taxed under US law. 
You're welcome to volunteer your hard earned money to the IRS; ignorantly declare your gains are from a federal source and they will gladly take your money. Simply agree with any w-2, 1099, or other information return which incorrectly reports non-privileged earnings as if they were federally derived gains.
Tens of thousands of Americans are getting back everything that was withheld from them throughout the year, medicare and social security included;    These Americans learned the law and know how to rebut an incorrect information return. These Americans know only gains derived from doing business in some way shape or form with fed-guv is whats taxed under the US tax laws. 
Let them tell you how and why; 
@_date: 2017-12-15 00:29:51
What they pay has nothing to do with the evidence I linked to.
How are all these people paying 0% tax year after year??  Not only are they paying 0%, but after filing a claim for refund of overpayment, their returns are heavily scrutinized by the IRS, and yet everything withheld, social security and medicare included, gets refunded to them.
What do they know that you don't, and that Mitt and Don are too rich to care about??
@_date: 2017-12-09 18:00:28
Did you even watch the video??   Regardless, your ad hominem quip doesn't change the fact that the income tax in an indirect excise.   Your loss...
Meanwhile tens of thousands of Americans pay 0% tax despite earning oodles of money.  
May your shackles rest lightly...
@_date: 2017-12-03 22:32:31
This is excellent news. This legislation specifically criminalizes the Shawn Bridges of the world and any financial entity that enables the Shawn Bridges.
If you believe this applies to private-sector persons you are incorrect. This only applies to federal monies handled by federal personnel.
Perhaps it's time you learn about US excise tax history and also learn how to read the relevant legislation, code, and regulations for yourself.
@_date: 2017-12-05 17:21:07
There is a group you can join.    They learn the law for themselves and then share their tax returns with each others. Incredible website, in my opinion.
The Internet Reformation marches on! 
@_date: 2017-12-07 01:32:33
Learn to read Title 26 for yourself; 
@_date: 2017-12-16 00:07:17
The income tax is an excise, not a capitation, and you are a slave.
Myself and tens of thousands of other Americans pay zero tax, even though we earn oodles of money. The IRS is also our bitch.
Proof: 
Many of my peers are more polite than I;    Now be away with you, slave.
@_date: 2017-12-06 23:17:06
Learn about the excise tax history of the United States. 
Check my comment history, get over to  start learning how to interpret Title 26 of the US Code. Look at how tens of thousands of other Americans are filing, year after year since 2003, and the results.
@_date: 2017-12-03 22:29:13
Only "gains, profits, and income" from taxable activities needs to be reported. Earnings and gains which are not derived from a taxable activity do not need to be reported. 
Learn the difference here; 
@_date: 2017-12-09 00:18:59
    Knowledge is power.   Know Bitcoin. Know tax law.
@_date: 2017-12-08 23:26:28
Check out Road to Serfdom by F.A. Hayek
I also suggest the website    There is A LOT of material there, including a huge library.
Check my comment history. Would you believe that I love the income tax??? I also detest the US Fed-Guv du jour. Do you think Nancy Pelosi and Thomas Jefferson regard Liberty, Property, and Natural Rights in the same way?!?? Do you think NP and TJ view the role of Fed-Guv the same?
Keep asking questions and try to read more and listen to peers less.  
@_date: 2017-12-15 00:48:24
Weak ad hominem. What is the cookie cutter arguement you refer to??
I didn't discover anything. I do know the law however and it is apparent that most Redditors asking about income tax don't.
Can you refute that the income tax is an excise, and not a capitation??  Do you even know what that means??!?!?
Did you bother looking at the links I provided.... or are you just so enamored with your chains that you'd rather insult me than intelligently discuss how to get you off the plantation, thru knowledge and upholding the law?
@_date: 2017-12-07 19:04:30
Learn to read Title 26 of the US Code for yourself;    The income tax is a Constitutional indirect excise. 
@_date: 2017-12-14 03:16:32
You shouldn't be paying taxes on crypto gains anyway, there was no taxable event. The income tax is an indirect excise; 
Unless the gains are from fed-guv, you don't owe tax.
@_date: 2017-12-14 19:04:30
Would this be "not spam" if you heard it from a mainstream media mouthpiece??
Suppose what I've written is true... is it worth my efforts to share these truths? 
Take your spam accusations elsewhere... and may your shackles rest lightly. This message is worth repeating until the day I die.
You can pay away your money ignorantly and out of fear. Remain a slave if you wish. Others will read my message and feel hope that the American they were taught about isn't quite dead. It' actually a relief for most people to learn that they were simply ignorant of tax law, rather than believing we have an all powerful government that can't be stopped. There's no feeling in the world like getting a letter from the IRS and a check from the US treasury that says, "you know the law, here's all your money back".
I appreciate your critical approach to this. SO take my words with a grain of salt. But watch the video I linked. Also take those peoples word with a grain a salt.  Then look at that long list of actual tax returns, each one ending with a tax rate of 0% and  full refund of everything withheld. Take take with a grain of salt too.   Eventually you'll have nothing but salt...
@_date: 2017-12-14 17:38:40
Learn the tax law for yourself; 
Tens of thousands of Americans pay zero income tax because they know the tax is an indirect excise, not a capitation or other direct tax. Year after year, these Americans get back everything withheld from them throughout the year, social security and medicare included; 
Here's a short video of some of these Americans telling their truth; 
The tax law is complicated but it only falls on those who earn their money from fed-guv. My tax return takes 10 minutes and my tax rate is 0%, I pay $0.00 income taxes. I've been earnings 5 figures minimum for 10 years and haven't paid the income tax once. Anything withheld gets returned to me, by the Treasury, with the IRS' approval.
I don't have fed-guv bonds. I don't work for the post office or any other fed-guv agency. I don't rent land or sell goods to fed-guv. None of my earnings come from doing business or working for fed-guv. Therefore I did not have a taxable event and I am not liable for the income tax.
All the money I earn is from un-privileged private sector work. I don't ignorantly misreport my private-sector earnings as fed-guv connected earnings.  The tax falls on the fed-guv earnings only.  
I'm not that smart. If I can learn this stuff you can too.
@_date: 2017-12-14 00:43:13
Only monies derived from a fed-guv source are relevant income under the tax laws. The income tax is an indirect excise.
I know I know... since the 1950s "we all pay our fair share". But its still an indirect excise and anyone who wants to learn the law and apply it can; 
@_date: 2017-12-03 22:24:00
     Read and learn what the law actually says.
@_date: 2017-12-09 00:04:09
    Free yourself. Knowledge is power.
@_date: 2017-12-08 06:12:23
Exercising a federal privilege is the umbrella all taxable events fall under. Only gains, profits, and income derived from a federally-connected activity (and non-taxable gains that folks ignorant of the tax law incorrectly or fearfully mislabel as derived from a fed-guv privilege ) are taxed by law. In practice, Americans have been conditioned since the 1950s to fear and acquiesce to the IRS, and the American people have also lost the knowledge of Constitutional terms such as capitation, excise, direct and indirect taxation etc.
As you can see here, many Americans have re-learned this info, pay 0% income tax year after year, and they share their tax returns for everyone else to see.  
@_date: 2017-12-05 16:43:02
In the United States the income tax is a perfectly Constitutional indirect excise tax. This website taught me how to understand all the myriad aspects of the income tax; 
@_date: 2017-12-09 00:08:03
   Knowledge is power. Free yourself.
@_date: 2017-12-06 22:48:26
A liability for the tax occurs when someone engages in a taxable activity. After credits and deductions, the dollar amount of total gains then determines the tax bracket and rate of tax.
With recent legislation, any federal monies paid/spent in Bitcoin must be reported and accounted for in the same way as Fed-Guv dollar funds are reported, on w-2, 1099, and other information returns. The US Govt can now spend Bitcoins, and any federal entity that spends Bitcoins will issue a w-2 if it pays federal wages to a federal employee, or a 1099 if the Treasury pays bitcoin to a contractor or supplier. None of this impacts private sectors persons, their private arrangements, their private work arrangements, and their personal holdings. Federal employees, contractors, suppliers, and other people WHO EARN PROFITS BY WAY OF A PRIVILEGED RELATIONSHIP WITH FED-GUV are liable for the income tax. Are your bitcoin gains derived from the exercise of a federally-connected activity?!?!? If not then the IRS is not concerned with it. If your gains are in fact derived from a taxable activity, or someone incorrectly alleged so on an information return and you do not know how to rebut the error and correct it, then the IRS is very interested in ALL of your gains, federally-connected and private (but on paper federally-connected) funds.
Taxable activities involve the exercise of a federally-connected privilege. The income tax is a Consitutional indirect excise; I suggest it will be greatly to your benefit to learn what this means. 
@_date: 2017-12-09 15:39:24
The income tax is an indirect excise. If you don't know what that means then the IRS will have its legal way with you.
    Check my comment history for more info.
@_date: 2017-12-14 17:59:57
That doesn't even begin to refute the fact that the income tax is an indirect excise. Maybe you can explain
this list; 
Anyway that's all the time I have for boot-licking cowards. May your shackles rest lightly...
Here's a lil gem just for you.. 
"A wise man opens his mouth because he has something to say. A fool opens his mouth because he has to say something"
@_date: 2017-12-09 16:21:04
The income tax is an indirect excise. If you don't know what this means the IRS will have its legal way with you.    
@_date: 2017-12-14 15:54:18
Want to make a difference?; 
Or just bitch...
While you're bitching Real Americans are upholding the law; 
Let them tell you about it; 
@_date: 2017-12-06 23:11:42
A liability for the tax occurs when someone engages in a taxable activity. After credits and deductions, the dollar amount of total gains then determines the tax bracket and rate of tax. Multiple the total gains by the rate of tax to arrive at tax due.
With recent legislation, any federal monies paid/spent in Bitcoin must be reported and accounted for in the same way as Fed-Guv dollar funds are reported, on w-2, 1099, and other information returns. The US Govt can now spend Bitcoins, and any federal entity that spends Bitcoins will issue a w-2 if it pays federal wages to a federal employee, or a 1099 if the Treasury pays bitcoin to a contractor or supplier. None of this impacts private sector persons, their private work arrangements, and their personal holdings. Federal employees, contractors, suppliers, and other people WHO EARN PROFITS BY WAY OF A PRIVILEGED RELATIONSHIP WITH FED-GUV are liable for the income tax.
Taxable activities involve the exercise of a federally-connected privilege. The income tax is a Constitutional indirect excise; I suggest it will be greatly to your benefit to learn what this means. 
@_date: 2017-12-08 03:55:50
There are two things that will make or break your future.
1.  Bitcoin
2. Knowledge of tax law
Want to learn more about the Constitutional indirect excise we all lovingly call the income tax and why bitcoin transactions are not a taxable activity?? Want to learn to read Title 26 of the US Code? Want to understand dozens of Supreme Court cases about the income tax?? Want to learn exactly what is taxed and what isn't?!?!?!?
@_date: 2017-12-08 15:51:41
These will get you started; 
In layman terms, the income tax falls on activities that involve a privilege relationship to fed-guv whereby gain are realized. ie. Working as a post office employee, selling items to fed-guv, receiving social security payments. The income tax only taxes those activities whereby people receive gains and profits from public funds, from doing business with, or working directly for fed-guv.
I sell pizzas. Tens of thousands of Americans sell pizzas. Selling pizzas in the private sector isn't taxed. Selling pizzas to fed-guv for the white house ball is a privilege. Only one or two people get that privilege. The money they earn, from their sale of pizza to fed-guv is whats taxed. This is what excise means (look it up in Blacks legal dictionary); a privilege, or a cut. It turns out the income tax is a beautiful tax,we've just been duped into declaring our private sector earnings as income from a fed-guv connected activity. We've been conditioned to agree with all information returns, w-2, 1099, etc and no one bothered to teach us what the tax actually falls on or how to disagree with an erroneous information return that alleges our private sector earnings are derived from fed-guv funds. Only federal monies are supposed to be reported on w-2s and 1099 but the American people were coerced and mislead into erroneously reporting all payments, public and private.   If I allege on a w-2 that the money I paid you is federal monies and you are a federal employee, and you don't rebut my assertion, then it is accepted as true. w-2 and 1099 are only for reporting taxable payments!!!!!! Yet private sector persons yearly and erroneously report private sector monies on a w-2 or 1099, thereby unwittingly and incorrectly alleging the monies are federally connected. 
Wages is a custom defined legal term. If you read the relevant legislation it is clear wages means, "monies paid to federal employees". But when the US Code was written in the 1950s, all legislative topics were re-written and organized by topic. If you read the US Code only, it appears wages means "all monies paid to employees". But even employee is a custom defined legal terms.  You'll learn what it is in your readings. 
This rabbit hole goes deep. Continue reading. Even if you never act on this knowledge, at least you will have it.
I could type pages and pages, but it's laid out in Cracking the Code, thoroughly and succinctly.
I hope you get educated and join us in upholding the law.
Maybe start with this video; 
@_date: 2017-12-04 15:30:38
Learn how to read Title 26 of the US Code. Understand what the Supreme Court said in the Springer, Pollock, and Brushaber decisions. Comprehend the relationship between legislative Acts, the US Code, and implementing Regulations. Learn the difference between an indirect excise and a direct tax.
I will not be claiming any coinbase trades as income as there was no taxable activity; there was no exercise of federally-connected privilege whereby gains were realized. If coinbase ever issues a 1099 I will rebut it in the proper manner and state what I know and believe to be true; the amount I money I received from the exercise of a federally-connected activity is $0.00.   I made plenty of money, but its not money or gains that taxed, Its "gains, profits, and income" from a federally-connected activity. The income tax is an excise, as the Supreme Court has said repeatedly.
 
The Internet Reformation marches on!!
@_date: 2017-12-05 16:47:20
YOu don't pay taxes unless the "gains, profits, and income" is derived from a federally-connected activity.
In the early 2000s the Internal Revenue Code was digitized and became word-searchable. I suggest you learn to read Title 26 of the US Code for yourself; 
@_date: 2017-12-11 02:09:10
Need a hug?
@_date: 2017-12-08 00:54:59
   Watch them all.
@_date: 2017-12-10 04:19:05
You may be interested in perusing this site;      The income tax is an indirect excise.
Your argument seems logical to me. I guess the career senators we've had since 1971 don't see it that way... 
@_date: 2017-12-16 03:16:34
My hero!
@_date: 2017-12-06 22:37:25
A liability for the tax occurs when someone engages in a taxable activity. After credits and deductions, the dollar amount of total gains then determines the tax bracket and rate of tax. 
With recent legislation, any federal monies paid/spent in Bitcoin must be reported and accounted for in the same way as Fed-Guv dollar funds are reported, on w-2, 1099, and other information returns. The US Govt can now spend Bitcoins, and any federal entity that spends Bitcoins will issue a w-2 if it pays federal wages to a federal employee, or a 1099 if the Treasury pays bitcoin to a contractor or supplier. None of this impacts private sectors persons, their private arrangements, and their personal holdings. Federal employees, contractors, suppliers, and other people WHO EARN PROFITS BY WAY OF A PRIVILEGED RELATIONSHIP WITH FED-GUV are liable for the income tax.
Taxable activities involve the exercise of a federally-connected privilege. The income tax is a Constitutional indirect excise; I suggest it will be greatly to your benefit to learn what this means. 
@_date: 2017-12-08 23:57:44
@_date: 2017-12-14 01:25:24
The income tax is an indirect excise. It's been misapplied since the 1950s. The internet blew it wide open; 
People are actively getting their money back; 
Your questions completely misunderstands the relevant law.  The answer is No.
@_date: 2017-12-08 01:21:23
Don't let the tax man have his way with you,    Do you even American?!?
@_date: 2017-12-08 03:11:57
No. The tax falls on federally-connected activities and the gains derived therefrom.    The income tax is a Constitutional indirect excise. If you don't know what that means then the IRS will have it's legal way with you.
@_date: 2017-12-10 01:39:53
What you just wrote is about as Orwellian as it gets.
Your comment doesn't refute the fact that you pay taxes out of ignorance, not because you're actually liable for them.
You're a slave that thinks plantation is life is just swell. Do you even know what being an American means??
@_date: 2017-12-08 15:56:36
Thanks but luck isn't needed.  As you'll see here, tens of thousands of Americans are already putting this knowledge to work; 
What do they know that you obviously don't?!?!  Let them tell you, 
@_date: 2017-12-10 18:10:04
Bitcoin could do wonders for pensions and pensioners... it's deflationary properties will only become more pronounced as time goes on.
In the same vein I suppose it could solve the SS problem. Although there are other aspects of SS that may cause the programs demise, even if Fed-guv were to buy bitcoins and sit on them for the purpose of paying out SS/medicare/ federal pensions etc.
@_date: 2017-12-16 00:34:28
Unless your monies came from fed-guv your questions are irrelevant.
The income tax is an excise, not a capitation.
Learn the difference here;  
Listen to a few Americans here; 
And see the proof here; 
The history of the tax, Revenue Acts, SPringer, Pollack, and Bruschaber Supreme Court decisions, the US Code, implementing regulations, the history of information returns and other reporting instruments... it's all discussed at the link above.
But the most important part is this fact; the income tax is not a capitation or other direct tax. It is an indirect excise. If you don't work for fed-guv, say as a post office employee, or if your gains aren't from a federal source, such as US Bonds, then you aren't liable for the tax.
Get educated. The income tax is awesome, when you know it like the people on the "Proof" list above.
@_date: 2017-12-14 14:35:11
If you are in the US you can learn the relevant law; 
Since the 1950s there's been a campaign to hoodwink the American people and convince them the income tax is a capitation, rather than an indirect excise. 
Interestingly, since 2003, tens of thousands of Americans have relearned the truth and are getting back everything withheld from them throughout the year; 
Americans are shouting about this from the rooftops and offering incontrovertible proof; 
Knowledge is power. Learn about the Revenue Acts, Springer, Pollack, and Brushaber Supreme Court decisions, how to read the US Code and implementing regulation, and more.   
@_date: 2017-12-14 19:02:34
Did you even bother with the links I already shared??  You don't seem to have the correct disposition for this work. Just forget I even shared it with you.
@_date: 2017-12-07 03:10:10
Want to achieve the hat-trick trifecta??
Hard working...  Check
Hodler...   Check
Knows how to read Title 26 of the US Code...   
@_date: 2017-12-16 02:51:00
That's alright. There are other people who like to learn, and read, and not be farmed for their hard earned money. This message is as much for them as it is for you. 
You can't dispute what I wrote, and you refuse to educate yourself.   I can't be of any assistance to you if you wish to be willfully ignorant; You can't free a slave suffering from Stockholm syndrome.
For everyone else who recognizes that the Internet Reformation is bringing new info to light daily, who wants to learn what the Acts, Courts, and Code actually says, and wants to uphold the law as a responsible adult, go to  
@_date: 2017-12-14 14:45:15
I bought mining equipment from Butterfly Labs. Still waiting on delivery...  or a refund....     F-me
@_date: 2017-12-11 00:39:39
Unless your gains are from the exercise of a federally connected privilege you're not even liable for the indirect excise.  
@_date: 2017-12-07 23:59:22
I believe you may find this information worthwhile, 
@_date: 2017-12-09 17:54:40
Dude! The income tax is an indirect excise.   Get educated!!!
@_date: 2017-12-12 18:57:19
There are two things the IRS regards as capital gains;
1. Investments with a federal nexus, ie. fed-guv bonds, investments in TVA etc.
2. Anything you ignorantly and voluntarily calls gains.
The income tax is an indirect excise. If you don't know what this means the IRS will have its legal way with you. Get educated here;       Learn about the Revenue Acts, Supreme Court decisions, US Code, 16th amendment. Look at the thousands of examples of other Americans who share their full tax returns for the rest of us to inspect and learn from.    
The Internet Reformation marches on!!
@_date: 2017-12-10 03:41:10
Income taxes pay for golden parachutes, bombs, and interest on ballooning debt. It's used to fund crony corporatism. Highways to no-where. For oppressing people and for killing people worldwide. Most of the services you describe are paid for thru state and local taxes. Or did the federal government pay to put in your local school, water system, and trash pickup??
Regardless, I keep my money and you pay money away, out of ignorance. In addition, you've even been conditioned to justify this theft from you. You're a perfect slave. You can't even imagine life off the plantation.
I suppose that is why you get farmed for money and I don't though. Remember this; we're all equal, some of us are just more equal.   ;p    Now you know why.
@_date: 2017-12-11 18:35:52
Curious also. Although your result is still greater than the amount of sand on earth.
@_date: 2017-12-14 17:49:24
The income tax is an indirect excise, not a capitation. Adam Smith wrote about these types of taxes in his book "Wealth of Nations" which is where the Drafters of the Constitution got the ideas and terms.
Residency doesn't impact liability (although it can impact rate of tax/tax bracket) for US income tax purposes, except at the state level. (By way of the Public Salary Tax Act of 1939, Fed-guv gave all US territories the authority to tax recipients of federal monies within their jurisdictions; ie. New York is allowed to tax the pay of a federal post office employee who resides in NY for 180+1 days.)
For federal income taxes, it doesn't matter what your residency is, if your gains derive from a US federal government source you are liable for the income tax. If a Japanese company sells widgets to US fed-guv, the Jap company is liable for the income tax. If a citizen in Texas works for the US marshalls, they pay back a portion of their federally-derived monies to fed-guv, although not to Texas. Texas, even though authorized, doesn't tax the receipt of federal monies within its jurisdiction.
   
Here's the simple rule in US income taxation; only monies derived from a federally-connected activity are taxed by law.  As most Americans have no idea what the law actually says, they are tricked into declaring that their non-privileged private-sector earnings are derived from a federal source, thereby making them liable for the tax.
Tens of thousands of Americans already know this info, they even posted their actual tax returns online for you to inspect; 
Listen to them explain how and why; 
@_date: 2017-12-14 16:03:43
The United States.
The income tax (which includes capital gains) are an indirect excise, NOT a capitation.
Unfortunately most Americans would rather watch football than educate themselves on this topic. Plus prior to the internet, the IRS was scary and Americans were alone against the Agency. Today with the internet WE ARE LEGION.
Tens of thousands of Americans are getting back everything withheld from them throughout the year, social security and medicare included, 
Let them explain it to you in their own words; 
Tired of being farmed by a revenue hungry state with an insatiable lust for your propoerty? Tired of volunteering your money because you don't actually know what is and is not a taxable event?? Tired of being complicit in the evils of fed-guv??
Reclaim your power by learning about the Revenue Acts, the Springer, Pollack, and Brushaber Supreme Court decisions, the US Code, implementing Regulations and more. Tens of thousands have bravely gone before you.... simply follow their lead, 
@_date: 2017-12-14 20:50:32
  
The income tax is an indirect excise, not a capitation. Learn what that means and you will know whats taxed and whats not.
I won't be paying any taxes on my bitcoins as the law doesn't require me to; there was no exercise of federally-connected privilege, which is to say there was no taxable event.
What is the difference between an excise and a capitation??     That's the first question you should ask anyone who gives you tax advice. Ask them to explain the difference between an excise and a capitation (both Terms are used in the Constitution). Then ask them which one the income tax is.
*Hint* The Supreme Court repeatedly and consistently ruled the income tax is an excise.
@_date: 2017-12-18 00:14:13
At least we can agree on that. :)  
Starting from that common ground... if you desire to get off your knees and educate yourself a bit, you will learn that the income tax is an excise, not a capitation. 
File however you want.    It is my hope that you will stand beside me.
“Knowledge will forever govern ignorance; and a people who mean to be their own governors must arm themselves with the power which knowledge gives.” -James Madison
@_date: 2017-12-07 14:05:56
It's all written there at that website...    click and read and learn and uphold the law.
@_date: 2017-12-08 06:30:18
  The tax falls on earnings derived from the exercise of a federally-connected privilege. If your money isn't from working for fed-guv, or investing in fed-guv, or getting a payout such as SS that isn't exempt from fed-guv, then your money isn't from a taxable activity. The income tax is an indirect excise; If you don't know what this means then I suggest you start reading at the website I shared.
@_date: 2017-12-05 17:26:46
The problem with their calculator is that is skips the first step; determining whether any monies derived from a federally-connected activity or not. The income tax is a constitutional indirect excise; many Americans know this or have re-learned this but many still have not. All Americans should learn the history of, and how to read Title 26 of the US Code; 
@_date: 2017-12-05 16:56:02
In the United States the income tax is a constitutional indirect excise. Federally-connected activities incur a liability for the tax. The amount of gains derived from the federally-connected activity determines the rate of tax. 
@_date: 2017-12-14 18:07:59
I didn't ask questions... I provide knowledge, answers, and links to find more info.  Your opinion on whether my comments are good enough is irrelevant.
Many Americans pay out of ignorance. Many learn the law for themselves. Take the pill if you want... or keep being farmed for money out of ignorance.
I sleep soundly and keep all my money, year after year. I hope you get educated and free!
PS. Most tax attorneys charge well over $300 and hour and as I said, they merely perpetuate the problem. Learn the info for yourself. You don't need a priest or gate-keeper keeping you from knowledge.
@_date: 2017-12-16 00:27:46
Yes, although it also means more people will be incentivized to learn that the income tax is an indirect excise, not a capitation. The Internet is helping to reveal this fact as well.
Learn the difference here folks,  and also see what lawyers are saying about this!
Listen to a few Americans here; 
And see the proof here; 
Get learning folks, your Liberty depends on it.
@_date: 2017-12-14 14:07:19
Incorrect. Do you know what the difference between a capitation and an indirect excise is??
How are these people getting their money back, everything with held from them, medicare and social security included, year after year???  
How come these people are shouting from the rooftops that all Americans need to learn this info??? 
Respectfully, you are simply parroting the misinformation you've read somewhere. The income tax is an indirect excise, not a capitation, and you've been taken to the cleaners.
This has nothing to do with whether bitcoin is regulated. It has to do with tax laws of the United States. The excise falls on  federally-connected activity, The amount of gains determines the bracket/rate of tax. But taxable activities are taxable because there is a fed-guv nexus.
@_date: 2017-12-11 18:27:40
You misunderstand the legislation.
@_date: 2017-12-08 05:49:09
She is a hero and is being jailed for contempt of court, not tax evasion.  Who, but a boot-licking coward would sign a document under penalty of perjury, that they knew to be incorrect, and produced by the govt that is jailing her, for refusing to sign.
She is an All-American patriot. You drank the kool-aid. May your shackles rest lightly and our countrymen forget you.
Maybe you can explain this list of her dedicated, educated, and Liberty-loving followers;  Tens of thousands of Americans pay 0% income tax because they have read the law for themselves. Corrupt DoJ has spent MILLIONS on this case even though the tax bill is for less than $8000.
Why is securing Doreens signature, of a government produced tax return, that will undo her own testimony, so valuable?!?!?  What interest do you have in perpetuating a failed narrative?!?!
Do you deny the income tax is an indirect excise?? DO you even know what that means/?!??!  DO you know what was decided in the Springer, Pollock, and Brushaber decisions?!?!  DO you know what section of Title 26 defines wages, employer, employer, and other terms??    
May your shackles rest lightly...
@_date: 2017-12-09 04:44:20
No.     The income tax is an indirect excise.  
@_date: 2017-12-03 22:21:00
start reading here;     What did the Supreme Court say in the Springer, Pollock, and Brushaber decisions?? Whats the difference between an indirect excise and a direct tax? Why did the American people pass the 16th amendment? What did Adam Smith say about excises and why are his words even relevant?? What's the difference between legislative act, the US Code, and implementing regulations?!?!? What form does one use to correct an erroneous information return?!?!?  
Get educated... it's worth the effort.  
@_date: 2017-12-07 19:05:13
Yes. Judging a book by its cover is wise and prudent. Do not bother reading and considering new information. Good luck to you.
@_date: 2017-12-16 01:42:23
Did you bother looking at that list??    Not a single person on that list has gone to jail. The IRS approves their returns, year after year. I filed my first CTC educated return in 2008. Haven't been to jail and I won't get thrown in there.... because the income tax is an excise and the IRS follows the law.
You don't know the law and so you are punished in the legal arena. This is typical for most Americans. YOu probably have no idea what a form 4852 is for, or when the first revenue act was passed, or why legal terms such as wages, employee, employer, and includes are custom defined in Title 26.
THe internet is changing us because we can share knowledge in ways that were hitherto impossible. Learn the law. Don't just shut down or throw out snide remarks. That's just immature. Read the SUpreme Court decisions I'm always commenting on, the Springer, Pollack, and Bruschaber decisions. Read the relevant chapter of Adam SMiths Wealth of Nations where he discusses capitations and excises. The income tax is an excise you foolish slave. Your shackles are self-impose by your own willful ignorance.
Don't be scared of your public servants. Grow a pair and be an American. Or continue being a slave. I keep my money. Lawfully. 
You're getting nailed every year... by your own ignorance. I'm free, happy, and can spend my time trying to free others. I'm blessed, buddy.
@_date: 2017-12-15 17:47:18
The income tax, which includes the capital gains variety, only falls on activities whereby a fed-guv connected privilege is exercised. This is what excise means; those who make money from the public purse, must pay back a portion. That is completely different from a capitation whereby everyone pays, just because.
The Supreme Court has repeatedly and consistently ruled the income tax is an indirect excise, not a capitation or other direct tax.
So what are taxable events and when is the tax owed? If you buy fed-guv bonds and realize gains. If you work for the Post Office and get paid federal wages. If you sell any item to fed-guv for any reason, and profit thereby.
The Drafters on the Constitution were students of Adam Smith and directly relied on his discussion of excises and capitations, in his book "Wealth of Nations" to write the Constitution.
The tax code is easy to understand once you have the requisite knowledge. Get that knowledge here, 
Here's a good starting point; 
@_date: 2017-12-09 15:13:25
Jump.    This way when you look back you can blame me for telling you to jump. If you blame yourself, you will never forgive yourself. Better to hate me for bad advice than hate yourself for...
@_date: 2017-12-14 17:03:51
Learn the tax laws for yourself,   
I won't be paying any tax on my bitcoin gains as there is no exercise of federal privilege; fed-guv is not the source of my gains.  The income tax is an indirect excise, not a capitation.
You're welcome to volunteer your hard earned money to the IRS; ignorantly declare your gains are from a federal source and they will gladly take your money.
Tens of thousands of Americans are getting back everything that was withheld from them throughout the year, medicare and social security included; 
Let them tell you how and why; 
@_date: 2017-12-08 05:58:24
Maybe you can explain to me how these people are getting their money back, year after year, and haven't gone to jail; 
How come tens of thousands of Americans are paying 0% income tax since 2003, once they read Cracking the Code?!?!?!?
WHy has the IRS been sending me back everything withheld from me every year for the last decade?!?!?!?!?
How come I;m not in Jail?!?!?!?!?!??!?!!?
Because the income tax is an indirect excise. If you don't know what that means then I suggest you read more and write less.
And hey... until you learn to get your name on that list... enjoy your shackles and paying "your" taxes.  I like to keep my money, and will continue to keep my money, lawfully.
@_date: 2017-12-14 02:37:12
There were no taxable gains; taxable gains involve the exercise of a federally-connected privilege whereby you derive gains; think government bonds. The income tax is an indirect excise. 
You don't owe tax on your bitcoins gains if your gains aren't from fed-guv.
@_date: 2017-12-09 17:05:00
The income tax is an indirect excise. If you dont know what that means, the IRS will have it's legal way with you.
@_date: 2017-12-13 15:55:22
@_date: 2017-12-10 19:34:18
:)    I mean... what kind of fees are they paying in Nigeria and Venezuela? I don't know. But I imagine, due to Bitcoins incredible utility there, they try to keep as much of it as possible and are willing to deal with longer transaction times to save on the fees. Hell I don't even pay for instantaneous inclusion into the next block, and I live in a 1st world country.
@_date: 2017-12-10 09:49:19
I love the income tax.  Check my comment history if you don't believe me.
@_date: 2017-12-08 06:49:00
Sure there are plenty of other relevant links but they provide secondary information.
For now I aim to introduce you and anyone else willing to read, to Title 26 of the US Code, a few key court decisions, the bizarre history of The Revenue Acts going back to 1862 and how the US Code confused the American people in the 1950s.
If you're a good reader then click around that site and you will be learning for months if not a year or two. If you're not a good reader, then you can find some good videos on youtube but they don't convey legal info like the written word does. Move slowly in this space; investigate, learn, and eventually uphold the law. Don't jump off the deep end and bite off more than you can chew. This information only came to light in 2003 and the revenue agencies still misbehave on occassion. Look at others experience before you rush in blindly.
Look here for inspiration and leaders to emulate; 
@_date: 2017-12-14 16:56:18
Send the transaction with a $0.50 fee, or $0.10 or $5.00.   It will just take longer for your transaction to get into a block. This is a great teaching/learning point.
Edit  Send two transactions, one with $2.00 fee and one with $0.10.  See which one gets confirmed first and by how long.   Learn to read this chart,  and by hovering your mouse over it, make a prediction for how long any given transaction should take.
@_date: 2017-12-07 04:28:41
Taxes become easy and stress free once you know what the law says and how the IRS works; 
I love the income tax. Its a perfectly Constitutional indirect excise; Those who gain and profit from their connections to fed-guv spending must pay back a portion of their profits.
@_date: 2017-12-07 01:33:19
@_date: 2017-12-07 04:33:16
You shouldn't receive any hate for wanting to learn about this topic.
This is the best source of information, in my opinion; 
To my knowledge, possession is a quinternary consideration in only a few limited cases. The primary question one should ask is whether their gains derive from a federally-connected activity. The Constitutional indirect excise known as the income tax is only concerned with monies derived from Fed-guv activities. The quantity of gains from the fed-guv-connected activity determines the tax bracket and tax rate. Possession usually doesn't enter the picture. It's about whether the activity is fed-guv connected(taxable) or private sector(not taxed under title 26), then its about how much gains from the taxable activity, after deductions and credits. Since the 1950's, until 2003, the American people were duped into ignoring the taxable activity part, and to declare all monies to be derived from a fed-guv-connected taxable activity. This piece of history is particularly fascinating.
@_date: 2017-12-09 16:36:21
This is incorrect.  The income tax is an indirect excise. I surmise you don't know what that means.
Check my comment history and start reading here; 
@_date: 2017-12-10 19:27:38
 Well thank you for enlightening me. Now my ignorance is gone. You're just awesome. Thank you for showing me the flaw in my understanding of the world. I was soooooo wrong... on something.... because. 
You're so brilliant in your eloquence, don't restrain it. Let it shine!!!
@_date: 2017-12-08 00:32:52
     The tax liability is incurred by the exercise of a federally-connected privilege/activity. The income tax is a Constitutional indirect excise???
@_date: 2017-12-05 16:38:39
It depends on whether the gains were derived from a federally-connected activity. I only report gains derived from federally-connected activities. The IRS will spit out an inconvenient letter from time to time but in the end they must follow the law and they process my return. Computers and the internet are blessing us with all kinds of knowledge. Learn to read the tax code for yourself; 
@_date: 2017-12-08 23:04:59
See sections 86, 90, and 93 of the Revenue Act of 1862. That was the very first income tax act, which was implemented to raise funds for the civil war.
The act uses language that is much more direct than the US Code does. It said, unequivocally, that military and government employee were taxed at 3% over $600 (IIRC). It also said anyone who rented land to fed-guv, or sold military uniforms to fed-guv, or sold food items or acted as a paid consultant to fed-guv....   WHATEVER anyone did for Fed-guv and thereby profited was taxed. Anyone who exercised a federally-connected privilege, which their private sector counterparts did not get to benefit from, was liable for the excise tax. Anything can be a taxable activity, but in order for any given activity to be a taxable activity, it must involve some fed-guv bestowed privilege. WOrking for the post office... not a right and very much a taxable activity. Selling pizzas to the White House for the White House Ball, a privilege that only ONE (or maybe 2) pizzarias get to benefit from. They provide pizza to the whitehouse, they engaged in a federally connected activity and got paid public monies for that. Those monies, and not all their other private sector activities and resulting gains, are taxed.
The founding fathers were informed by Adam Smith who wrote about Capitations and Excise taxes in "Wealth of Nations". Excises were always popular because it was regarded that those who made their living from the public purse, should give back a portion. This type of tax, Smith wrote, was much more popular among the populace... unlike a direct capitation which caused revolts. The income tax IS NOT a direct unapportioned tax, it is not a capitation. It is an excise. Not because I say so... but because the Supreme Court has said so numerous times.
The history of the tax is fascinating. I have only found ONE SINGLE SOURCE that actually tells a complete history; 
Read Cracking the Code. Read the website. All the statutes, acts, and regulations are discussed in depth. 
Concerning refunds, the law allows us to go back 3 years. We can correct the record farther back, and undo liens etc, but we can only get a refund for 3 years past. Unfortunately, it is your responsibility to both know the law, and make sure your public servants stay within their due bounds, so if you've been paying in incorrectly all this time, that's considered your bad. I suggest it will greatly benefit you to learn this information.   
@_date: 2017-12-14 14:50:42
The income tax is an indirect excise, not a capitation, and you have been hoodwinked, misinformed, and farmed for money you don't actually owe.
"Taxable events" involve the exercise of some type of federally-connected privilege. This is what excise means. Those who do business or work for fed-guv, and earn their money from the public purse, need to pay back a portion. The IRS LOVES when you ignorantly misreport your non-privileged, private sector earnings, as if they were gains, profits, or income derived from a federal source.
Review my comment history and get yourself free. Right now you're a slave on the plantation telling everyone how great slave life is and how Master needs our slavery to continue his ways.
Get educated and reclaim your American birthright; Liberty.
 (people getting their money back year after year)
Americans telling you to get free and how to get free; 
@_date: 2017-12-06 05:23:16
@_date: 2017-12-14 02:33:26
No. Taxable events involve the exercise of a federally connected privilege; this is what indirect excise means. 
@_date: 2017-12-12 19:36:10
It is really hard to find a straight answer on taxation. 
This is the best explanation I've found, and I actually learned something. 
All the the taxes in Title 26 of the US Code are indirect excises.
@_date: 2017-12-09 18:21:52
That's your loss.   Others will be grateful to finally learn the history and application of the tax.   Like the 10's of 1000's who have studied the revenue acts, court decisions, US Code, implementing regulation and more...  at  and then acted on their new knowledge. They pay 0 income tax and are proud to be Americans, controlling their public servants at the IRS rather than cowering in fear.
Anyway you dont need to watch the video. All those people uploaded copies of their tax returns and checks for you to peruse;          Don't watch the testimonials. Look at the thousands of actual tax returns. Everything withheld throughout the year gets returned, year after year, social security and medicare taxes included...   because we know something you don't.
@_date: 2017-12-15 00:46:59
And I am responding with personal knowledge to queries such as "Regarding reporting income. I use coinbase. I heard when you start doing large transactions, the banks report it. What's the proper way of going about this?"
Are you a dolt??
@_date: 2017-12-10 08:22:43
Tax avoidance is completely legal. Tax evasion is not. Anyone who actually incurred a liability for the tax must pay it and evasion by them would be criminal. Tax avoidance is our American duty. We're supposed to restrain the state, by restraining the purse, so despots don't lead the country to ruin. Excise taxes naturally control money flow to government because citizens can avoid the tax by not engaging in the activity. Putting food on your table is not something you can avoid.
If you don't want to pay the federal excise tax on tobacco, you avoid purchasing tobacco.
If you don't want to pay the federal excise tax on alcohol you avoid purchasing alcohol.
If you don't want to pay the federal excise tax on income you avoid earning your money from fed-guv.
Don't be a post office employee, don't take social security monies, you can take veterans disability since that's exempt, but don't accept dividends on government bonds, dont sell clothing, or flowers, or tires to a federal agency. Don't consult or provide any professional service to fed-guv, whether it be laying electrical wire, or providing pizzas and wine for the white house ball, or mowing the white house lawn or being a janitor in a federal facility. It is not money that's taxed. Earning money from fedguv, from a federally-connected activity is taxed. The type of tax is known as an excise. Adam Smith wrote about it in Wealth of Nations which informed the drafters of the Constitution. Recall that the Constitution specified that excises must be uniform throughtout the states. If we tax California post office employees pay at 10% for bracket A and 20% for bracket B then in NY we tax post office employee pay at 10% for bracket A and 20% for bracket B. Capitations (Reeeeeeeee!!!) Smith informed us and the founders, were highly unpopular and caused revolts, versus Excises which were considered fair and were a popular way to fund governments. Direct taxes must be apportioned. 
The Supreme Court said repeatedly and consistently that the income tax is an excise, and not a direct tax or capitation. Yet since the 1950s, private sector companies have been reporting private sector pay on w-2s and 1099's even though these documents are only for the reporting of the payment of federal funds. In practice we have an un-apportioned direct tax. Why? How?? Huh???
Respectfully isn't learning about the history of the income tax, learning about the Revenue Acts all the way back to 1862, and learning about how the US Code organizes all of those Acts, and learning about how the Regulations implement the Code, and learning about Supreme Court cases such as the Springer, Pollock, and Brushaber decisions, and learning how the 16th amendment was passed by the American People to ensure the Robber Barons were paying taxes when they rented land to fed-guv for the railroads and also got wealthy from the dividends on investments in government corporations, I mean... wouldn't that be the smart thing to do?!?!?!? To learn exactly what the tax does and doesnt fall on?? 
What I think would be really smart is to learn why a w-2 and 1099 and any other type of information return is only an allegation of federal monies paid, and that if the money is not from a federal source for a federally connected activity, you can state that. You can state the numbers you know and believe to be true, on a Form 4852 or a 1099 which you correct. You then use those numbers to fill out your 1040 and you sign it under penalty of perjury. And if it is true that you didn't work for fed-guv, and you earned $0.00 federal monies, then even if you earned a gazillion -billion dollar selling pizzas in the private sector, the IRS will return anything withheld from you... as they must. The law is settled. It's just a fact question. Did you work in the private sector, or did you do business in some way shape or form with fed-guv?? Because that is what the tax falls on. In one way shape or form, you did something for fed-guv and realized gains,
Finally there are these folks who are pretty smart... they get back everything withheld from them throughout the year, social security and medicare included... They posted their tax returns for you to inspect. 
Thank you for considering my words.
@_date: 2014-06-21 16:07:42
You can lead a horse to water.....
I often lament this same issue. Why are businesses actively choosing to pay fees to middlemen (which bitcoin completely dis-intermediates, renders unnecessary)??
Perhaps for now this is the natural growth of bitcoin acceptance. With more familiarization, and use of btc as money, the businesses who currently use coinbase and bitpay will stop using those services which charge these fees. They will work to save that money, when they know how to. (not particularly difficult to accept and safely store bitcoins but w/e)
For website, I believe Zencart allows for bitcoin acceptance.
I'm not aware of a point of sale system for brick and mortar businesses.
Entrepreneurs are all over this space though and I expect before 2015 rolls in we will have more widespread acceptance along with a POS system.
Things are moving fast in this space.
@_date: 2014-05-09 05:22:13
That is good news. I'm happy for you.
I hope you have more tricks up your sleeve than being able to suggest a business accept bitcoin; We don't give out trophies for that.
Whats your next idea for the business? They hired you to help them remain profitable. How will you earn your salary?
Businesses are like sharks, they need to keep moving to stay alive. Bitcoin is probably not sufficient in and of itself here. Bitcoin in addition to what??
What other ideas do you have that can help attract customers?
What other ideas do you have that will make customers happy so they willingly throw money at this business?
How will you distinguish this business from your competitors?
Why, as a customer, would I use your product or service over the competitions?
How can we generate more business using technology.
I'm glad Bitcoin helped get you in the door. But now that you're in it's time to really shine.
Don't get tunnel vision with Bitcoin. Bring more than that!!
@_date: 2014-05-17 04:00:08
Cooperation and altruism does not = communism. Communism isn't a strategy, it's a political ideology. No duh right. I find your 2nd sentence questionable. Communism is a colony of defectors. Have you ever read Conceived in Liberty by Murray Rothbard?? Volume 1, very first chapter gives an awesome historical account of this very issue involving the first colonists experimenting with communism. They all became defectors. The "cooperation" in communism is illusory and suggest you haven't fully studied this and other ideologies as they relate to economics and trade, which both require...... cooperation.   This is why communist societies are so poor despite their huge numbers. Lack of cooperation. So which is it?? Communist societies cooperate? Or they do not? I think you are confused on this.
Behavioral strategies are independent of group size. Behavioral strategies reflect "us" vs "them". Or in human terms, political economy, which by very definition is not cooperative trade and exchange of services. We are social creatures and the division of labor enables us all to grow wealthy in material goods terms.
The OP is suggesting we stop thinking in terms of "us" vs "them" and start thinking in terms of "we".
The OP is not suggesting we use force and coercion to create illusory "cooperation". He's saying "it's in our best interest to cooperate". You seem to assume cooperation implies communism which is in fact backed by force, coercion, and involves unjust takings. In free market capitalism (not cronyism, oligarchy, and Kapitalism like we practice in the US) cooperation leads to greater wealth for all.
The assholes soundbite politicos who say it are cronies so they never practice what they preach but it is true "A rising tide lifts all boats". But this ignores the hierarchical nature of societies, be they human, insect, fish, whatever.
Respectfully, I think you are confused by your own intelligence. You have much knowledge but the big picture your paint is incoherent. :)
If you're looking for a summer book check out "Unto Others" by David Sloan Wilson. Not on topic but Darwins Cathedral is also very good.
To the OP,
I agree we need collaboration. "United we stand, divided we fall".
However there is something to be said for self-interest and the profit motive.
Bitcoin can succeed even if we do not collaborate as long as profit is dependent on happy customers, rather than getting into bed with government.
"Gradually, mathematics transformed into a tradition characterized by publication rather than secrets. Open-access publishing is now demanded. Entrepreneurship is in its Renaissance still"
This is true but it ignores scarcity and suggests we can eliminate all competition. I would suggest that this simply "moved the goalpost". The competition now takes place elsewhere, it is still occurring, just not in the field of math. Competition wasn't eliminated completely. It popped up elsewhere.
I'm not convinced we can ever escape "us vs them". It's an aspect of hierarchy, which is life among social creatures. Individuals may cooperate, but they war as groups over scarce resources on earth. Groups may cooperate but they war as societies for scarce resources. Societies may cooperate but they war against aliens for scarce resources or they consume their environment and die.
Cooperation is great, but competition is a fact of life. There is room for both behavior strategies. No where does pure cooperation exist. Hives of bees war against other hives. The queens fight to the death. Yet the cooperation within a hive is astounding!
Its Ying and Yang. Natural systems will always be moving in a sinusoidal fashion between the two extremes of competition and cooperation. Harmony is key, whatever strategy an individual, group, society, or world may practice.
@_date: 2014-05-27 17:52:58
The rules on the right side of the page read;
"Begging/asking for bitcoins is absolutely not allowed, no matter how badly you need the bitcoins. Only requests for donations to large, recognized charities are allowed, and only if there is good reason to believe that the person accepting bitcoins on behalf of the charity is trustworthy."
"No wallet addresses in posts/comments. The tipbot can be used."
Some asshole here named BBBTTTCCC jumped all over me calling me selfish for setting up donations for a wild animal rescue. A small scale operation who actually benefits from micro donations.
I'm just passing on the r/bitcoin karma and BBBTTTCCC,  FUCK YOU!
@_date: 2014-05-12 22:54:15
I didn't ask if it was your opinion.
I asked if in your opinion I broke this particular rule;
"Begging/asking for bitcoins is absolutely not allowed, no matter how badly you need the bitcoins. Only requests for donations to large, recognized charities are allowed, and only if there is good reason to believe that the person accepting bitcoins on behalf of the charity is trustworthy."
Your reading comprehension is lacking.
You have been called out for being a slanderous troll.
If you're not just trolling then please explain how what you said
"Reddit rules: Not allowed to ask for donations."
matches up to what I see on the right side of my screen
"Begging/asking for bitcoins is absolutely not allowed, no matter how badly you need the bitcoins. Only requests for donations to large, recognized charities are allowed, and only if there is good reason to believe that the person accepting bitcoins on behalf of the charity is trustworthy."
Do you know what the word selfish means??
Am I asking for myself here?
Why the hate man?
@_date: 2014-05-31 15:18:12
very cool. thanks for sharing
@_date: 2014-06-21 16:32:05
Please provide a link to blockchain.infos blog.
Please provide a link showing that blockchain.info developed this app.
I suggest that the blog and the app and not made by blockchain.info.that's his decision to make.
But hey, if he wants to risk his BTC, 
@_date: 2014-06-21 16:11:47
I would not trust MemoryDealers from here on out.
Exbu may be in on it as well or possibly will be victimized himself soon.
Caveat Emptor.
This is a severe con that many are falling victim too.
Deal with blockchain.com (phishing site) rather than blockchain.info (legit site) at your own risk.
   Where on this page do we see a blockchain.com or even a blockchain.info blog?     
   We don't!
The final link talks about the official blockchain.info merchant app.
Blockchain.com is certainly a scam site.
List of actual blockchain.info services; 
@_date: 2014-11-01 20:18:50
Martin Luther was a white boy. He didn't dance.
@_date: 2014-06-21 22:05:15
You are already making a prescient decision by accepting bitcoin. But that is only the beginning, the first step.
:re    I suggest you learn to safe-guard btc. Hold your own coins.
Save that small percentage you would pay to coinbase in fees and disintermediate the middleman.
Then see if any of your suppliers will accept bitcoin.
It is money after all. See where you can spend it.
Get a friggen web store up and running so people globally can buy Sorels from you.
Bitcoin is a global currency.
Check out persianshoes.com to see what I mean.
You are moving into the future.
DON'T STOP MOVING!
Accepting bitcoins is the startline, not the finish line.
As someone else said do not expect record sales from this move.
ie. I have bitcoin, I like Sorels, but I will used inked toilet paper to buy them from ya and sit on my bitcoins as savings.
After all bitcoins are known to go up by 1000s of %s yearly.
Why spend them when they make such great stores of value??
Thanks for letting me comment.
Welcome to the fold.
And best of luck in your business.
@_date: 2014-05-11 15:24:32
I don't see that in the reddiquette. 
In your opinion I violated this?
"Begging/asking for bitcoins is absolutely not allowed, no matter how badly you need the bitcoins. Only requests for donations to large, recognized charities are allowed, and only if there is good reason to believe that the person accepting bitcoins on behalf of the charity is trustworthy."
Hopefully I made it clear I am not asking for myself.
She is not a "large" "recognized" charity but this is precisely why she is deserving.
Have you seen what United Way pays its CEO?!?
I provided the info needed to verify that I am trustworthy and I asked the community for help in that verification.
Again why the hate man??
@_date: 2014-08-30 23:15:39
@_date: 2014-05-09 01:50:54
Tell her to get it together or she will be wife  instead of  or  when your bitcoins are worth enough to buy a small country.
@_date: 2014-06-15 14:02:08
If the Department of Homeland Security arrives at your house, kicks down your door, then steals your mining equipment and the network doesn't get shut down then it is decentralized.
Decentralized does not mean every person can or should mine for bitcoins....
Why don't we all be bakers...  well then who will teach the kids.
Just because there is a division of labor does not mean Bitcoin is centralized and not decentralized.
@_date: 2014-05-29 11:21:19
WoW!    Thanks for sharing this information!
@_date: 2014-05-09 05:37:14
Hopefully the OP is using a new address for every received bitcoin. That is how Bitcoin was designed to be used to protect anonymity.
@_date: 2016-01-09 03:02:09
Supply and demand at work!
These are very limited in supply.
As another poster said/joked, he's holding out for a higher price.
@_date: 2017-01-06 01:58:08
Cash in person with a reputable seller on localbitcoins.com is your best bet if you are privacy oriented. Realize the on ramps can identify you, but so can the off ramps.  ie. purchase something from overstock.com with Bitcoin, have the item sent to your house, and now you've created a trail for someone to follow.
Do you know yet how change addresses work?
Or purchase from coinbase but learn how to eliminate any "taint" or tracking from coinbase or a similar exchange. Perhaps send your coins to BTC-e.com then withdraw your funds and get different coins than you deposited. Other ways to break the tracking of your coins purchased at a place like coinbase exist though I've never used them.
Finally learn the info at losthorizons.com inside and out. Get Petes book and follow the leader.
Rather than hide your activities, proudly declare them AFTER learning why you don't even need to hide.
PS. Don't ask me further questions. I probably won't respond. 
PPS. Welcome, good luck, and HODL!
@_date: 2017-08-11 11:33:40
It is unfortunate that the site failed you. You will be made whole.
Sorry to bear bad news but you will not be compensated on your potential loss/missing out on price action. You will be told to read the terms of service you agreed to when you made the transaction on their platform.
@_date: 2017-01-06 02:05:24
I think I identified the issue... "This community should be more about the technical stuff".
Also those are not "noob" questions.
Finally, perhaps YOU should answer those questions and share your thoughts with us. 
I suggest you type out your best explanation, then ask questions, then you will learn why reddit is not a technical users manual.
@_date: 2017-08-26 23:34:35
"When people ask, 'how does bitcoin work?', they are asking how to transact, not about the internal coded mechanisms".
@_date: 2017-01-06 00:02:19
I don't use hashnet. I do want to learn from your experience.
Does Hashnet use 2FA?
Did you have 2FA enabled on this account?
@_date: 2017-08-09 23:35:48
I suggest you try to attend a local meetup.You are asking some good questions that are best answered in person, imo.
@_date: 2017-08-15 02:06:44
ROFL!!!  Brilliant!
@_date: 2017-08-07 11:26:38
If you're intelligent to handle btc, then IMO you're intelligent enough to learn how to get your name on this list; 
@_date: 2017-08-24 23:09:17
Based on the accent I'm gonna guess he's not retarded... just from latin america.
@_date: 2017-08-15 14:53:10
At this time you must simply wait.
IF the transaction you're waiting on was marked "opt-in rbf" then you can simply right click the transaction (history tab) and then click "increase fee".
It won't help you today, but I suggest you go to Tools, Preferences, Fees, and click "propose replace by fee", and select "always".
This way you can always pay the fee YOU want to pay, and if you need to you can increase the fee.
Most wallets and nodes would recognize a transaction built this way as an attempt at double spending. But by marking it RBF, they recognize it at a transaction that may be replaced by a later transaction involving the same inputs but paying a higher fee, so we will allow the "double spending" transaction to be propagated by the network.
It really helps to deal with the somewhat erratic mempool/fee curve.
@_date: 2017-08-15 14:26:32
When people ask "how does bitcoin work", they are asking how to hold and spend it, they are not asking about the technical details.
In lesson one I suggest you demonstrate wallet use and safe keeping, maybe do a few small transactions so people get a feel for actually moving btc. Maybe mention a few metrics such as the 21 million limit. (see here for some more metrics; 
@_date: 2017-01-06 14:48:42
Can you give an example of a hoop to jump thru when using localbitcoins.com? Especially one that is "even more" than what is found on other markets?
@_date: 2017-08-26 23:45:56
@_date: 2017-08-07 13:51:13
"THE LONG STACK OF LINKS BELOW connect to more than a thousand examples of the hundreds of thousands of complete income tax refunds being continuously secured from the federal and 38 state and local governments since 2003 by readers of 'Cracking the Code- The Fascinating Truth About Taxation In America'-- Social security and Medicare taxes included.
As you'll see in the documentation at the bottom of this page, every one of these refunds has been thoroughly vetted by the government before being issued, and all have issued even while the government has striven mightily to suppress the knowledge of the law by which these claims are made.
CLICK ON ANY LINK to visit the page on which you'll find the announced victory of the liberating truth over state-encouraged misunderstanding. There are typically twenty or more posted on each page, so you may have to scroll to find the one you're looking for.
Watch for links in any text associated with a check or notice-- many of these victors have provided their complete filing for posting, as well. About two thirds of the way down this list you will find audio and video testimonials from a few of these good folks, as well."
@_date: 2017-08-23 14:46:08
You're not far off the mark.
Learn how to get your name on this list; 
@_date: 2017-08-09 22:56:40
I do not wish to insult or demean you, publicly; So I settled on an emote and a downvote. 
@_date: 2017-08-09 23:19:19
Bitcoin has gone down in price NUMEROUS times on its way from $0.00001 to $3500.00
Considering Bitcoin is valued at $3500 when only 8 years ago it was valued at $0.00001 suggests it is overvalued. Yet the same argument suggests Bitcoin was overvalued at $0.10, and also at $1.00, and also at $100.00, and also at $1,000.00.
Some of the resources found here,  suggest Bitcoin is unique and could command a price of $1,000,000,000.00 in our lifetimes.
@_date: 2017-08-15 14:34:22
cool. ty.
@_date: 2017-08-05 12:40:28
For IRS, educated Americans are not the ones to mess with. Ignorant 'muricans are easy targets.
@_date: 2017-08-09 23:41:18
You may enjoy this video; 
@_date: 2017-08-15 03:38:34
the day after tomorrow btc may recover the half it lost and gain an extra 4 and a half halves.
@_date: 2017-08-09 22:36:16
@_date: 2017-08-05 13:16:38
Yeah... that's probably all it is.
Nowhere on that page did it say "Here's how to avoid IRS trouble"...
@_date: 2017-08-15 02:12:19
awesome find!    somehow pay it forward??
Who left this gem behind?!?!?!?
@_date: 2017-08-03 13:19:41
Basic shit.
@_date: 2017-08-26 23:41:51
@_date: 2017-08-15 03:09:30
pay the fee you want to pay and keep in mind that others may be willing to pay more than you to have their transaction recorded. 
RBF on Electrum is powerful and simple!
@_date: 2017-08-25 20:34:24
@_date: 2017-08-15 03:00:13
Check this out OP;   
@_date: 2017-08-15 21:27:18
"hell froze over"...
Honey badger don't give a shit.
@_date: 2017-08-05 23:14:32
You way want to learn how these folks got their names on this list; 
@_date: 2017-08-07 11:36:09
Get learning; 
@_date: 2017-08-07 11:25:09
Your wallet will not display a balance until it checks the block your receive transaction is in.
At any time you can go to a blockexplorer such as blockexplorer.com and check the balance of your address.
@_date: 2017-08-15 03:12:51
Today the Bitcoin network can process ~ 12,000 transactions per hour.   There are over 12,000 transactions being submitted for processing per hour.
@_date: 2017-08-05 13:47:07
I like keeping all the money I earn and not pay the ignorance tax our of fear and ignorance.
The guy at the bottom taught me how.
The list above his face are a small percentage of his students.
Enjoy the pics!!!
@_date: 2017-08-09 23:45:45
Interesting parable indeed...
@_date: 2017-08-15 03:43:01
I read this; 
and watch this; 
@_date: 2017-08-11 11:43:03
Other people are willing to pay more than you to secure their funds on the ledger.
Give the devs some time; fees will be lower than they are now.
@_date: 2017-08-19 12:15:20
@_date: 2017-08-08 01:51:43
awesome compendium! thank you.
@_date: 2017-08-07 21:07:06
"when someone asks how Bitcoin works, they are usually referring to how to spend it, not the technical details"
As another wise early bitcoiner said, "Using Bitcoin is as simple as riding a bike. With a little practice you can become proficient. If you want to learn about gear ratios, tire compound traction coefficients, and weight/braking distance ratios you can, but it is not necessary to learn those things to ride a bicycle." 
TL:DR   Teach them how to spend and safely store Bitcoins.  They can learn technical details later if they're inclined.
I suggest this video as a warm-up;    (no need to re-create the wheel,   utilize the awesome tutorials that are already out there)
@_date: 2017-08-15 02:05:58
So what you're saying is "buy buy buy!!!"   ;p
@_date: 2017-08-09 23:11:31
Insanity is doing the same thing repeatedly, while expecting an alternate outcome.
You are sane.
@_date: 2017-08-08 01:44:22
It's pretty much a direct quote of numerous posts. (I do agree with OPs sentiment also)
@_date: 2017-08-15 04:04:41
Me ruv Bitcoin rong time.
@_date: 2017-08-15 03:18:02
These are two of my favorites;
@_date: 2017-08-15 02:37:15
"Transactions seen quickening after solution was activated"    wut?!?
@_date: 2017-08-14 04:35:57
@_date: 2017-08-05 22:47:20
Avoid IRS trouble by reading "Cracking the Code" by author Peter Hendrickson.
My life couldn't be simpler.  Doing my taxes takes 5 minutes. lol  
Learn how those people on that list I shared got their names on it. Simply your life... and keep the money you earned.
@_date: 2017-08-11 11:30:04
In order to speculate one must spend; OP premise is in error.
Bitcoin encourages people to SAVE rather than spend. Savers store up their capital which is the basis for investment.
Utilizing debt rather than savings leads to malinvestment, economic imbalances, and SPECULATING.
Learn more here; 
@_date: 2017-11-14 01:32:17
Nice. Although the Bitcoin symbol is rotated 15 degrees clockwise. You used the BCash symbol! (15 degrees counterclockwise)
@_date: 2017-11-28 03:05:36
The financial well-being, liberty, and happiness of my fellow Americans is something I'm heart attack-serious about.  
:)  Thank you for the lead-in.
@_date: 2017-11-27 14:18:54
In summary, start reading at losthorizons.com
@_date: 2017-11-04 14:03:14
Learn to get your name on this list; 
You're probably not even liable for the tax.
@_date: 2017-11-26 23:03:44
There are examples shared by business owners, doctors, and other folks who eaned millions, as well as thousands of examples of electricians, teachers, janitors, and every other walk of life and earning at least $35,000.
There is not a single example at that website of someone earning less than the taxable amount and getting their money back. You've either severely misunderstood the documents you reviewed or you are purposefully trolling. Which return did you review in which an American made less than $10,500 and got everything withheld from them, including SS and medicare, returned to them?!? EVERY example on that list is for well above that amount... Except for one example of a 16 year old girl who earned about $5,000 during summer work, but she still filed a fully informed, honest and accurate return informed by full knowledge of the relevant laws.
Most examples are of Americans earnings $50,000, all the way up to $6 million. Which returns are you referring to?!?!? Go ahead and simply name them, since each example on that site is a real life return, signed under penalty of perjury, and accompanied by a check, with a name printed on it.
Regardless, a w-2 and other information returns are merely allegations and do not alone establish a tax liability. Not because I say so, but because numerous courts have. The decisions can be found at the website. If I allege, by way of an information return, that you engaged in a taxable activity and you derived gains from it, and you fail to rebut my erroneous and ignorant assertion, then it is presumed to be true. That is exactly the problem here.
So which filer are you referring to that "barely made enough money to pay any tax"??? All the examples on that list I am looking at made well above the taxable amounts.  They just didn't earn the money from the exercise of a federally-connected, excisable activity, which is exactly and only what is taxed under the income tax laws of the US. Which is why EVERYTHING withheld from them was returned.
@_date: 2017-11-28 00:15:20
Basic maffs here,   as we approach the limit the hyperbola goes vertical to infinity.  y=-1/x... and y=arctan(x)    graph it yo.
@_date: 2017-11-30 16:04:46
Learn how to read Title 26 of the US Code;     Read, get educated, and reclaim your American birthright. You do not need to get away from Coinbase. You do need to learn how to interact with your public servants, after learning what the excise laws of the United States actually say.
@_date: 2017-11-14 16:00:26
"Replace by Fee"  (RBF)  Look it up.
@_date: 2017-11-05 14:26:40
The income tax is an excise, not a direct un-apportioned tax. Learn how to get your name on this list; 
@_date: 2017-11-01 00:24:36
It's money. Save it or spend it. If your going to save it, try to do so securely. People steal money. If you trust someone to secure it better than you can and return it to you when you ask for it, at a price you're ok with, then let them store it for you.
Beware any notes issued upon warehousing your bitcoins with someone; That's how fiat currency is spawned.
@_date: 2017-11-17 14:35:39
The US government has already "accepted" bitcoin by writing legislation taxing payments made in Bitcoin.
The US government can now spend btc.
@_date: 2017-11-04 20:59:11
That's certainly one way to look at.  May your shackles rest lightly...
@_date: 2017-11-27 05:07:36
Unless none of his money is derived from the exercise of a federally-connected activity in which case he wouldn't be liable for the tax.
You may want to learn how these people are getting back everything withheld from them; 
@_date: 2017-11-15 03:06:39
Now is a great time to learn how to get your name on this list; 
The Internet Reformation marches on!!
@_date: 2017-11-03 00:35:54
@_date: 2017-11-07 21:57:13
       Look at the examples these people set. A little learning and understanding on this topic will do you much good, in my opinion.
@_date: 2017-11-30 16:24:05
No. Only federally-connected activities are taxable events; 
@_date: 2017-11-24 14:53:57
The income tax is an excise. If your name belongs on this list;  then the answer is no.  If your gains are derived from the exercise of  federally-connected privilege then your name doesn't belong on that list and you are liable for the income tax on your federally-connected gains.
Of course the IRS won't complain if you incorrectly declare your gains to be federally connected. Mistake in their favor.
@_date: 2017-11-24 01:00:48
You may want to learn how to get your name on this list;       Unless some federal entity is paying out in bitcoins, you're probably not liable for the tax.
@_date: 2017-11-02 23:36:47
If you live in the United States then get educated by learning how to get your name on this list; 
@_date: 2017-11-05 12:35:19
   Boom!
@_date: 2017-11-01 02:42:12
Read this;
Written by an OG of Bitcoin. Still a useful tutorial and guide.
@_date: 2017-11-27 04:08:00
Capital gains is an income tax.  Social security tax is an income tax. Medicare tax is an income tax.  Federal income tax is an income tax.
All of them are excises which fall on the receipts derived from the exercise of a federally-connected privilege.
There was no change of heart on my end. You are pretty perceptive but, as it appears to me, there are a few facts about the tax code and the underlying legislation that you are missing. In this immediate case, it is that capital gains tax is also an excise tax contained with Title 26 of the US Code (excise taxes on the myriad activities whereby one earns monies from federally-connected activities (income)).    See 26 US Code &gt; Subtitle A › Chapter 1 › Subchapter P
Edit: Included this link for your convenience; 
Edit2: Take note that Subtitle A of Title 26 of the US code is titled "Income Taxes". Subchapter P within Subtitle A is where you will find the topic "Capital Gains".
@_date: 2017-11-02 22:40:55
Some education is all that is required.  Learn how to get your name on this list; 
@_date: 2017-11-01 20:03:31
Watch this video; 
Then learn how to secure this form of money. Investing is a no brainer...  proper storage and security of this money is paramount and can't be overstated.
@_date: 2017-11-04 13:26:08
Many Americans hold the same incorrect beliefs you do. I suggest you learn how to get your name on this list;        No one is to blame for your ignorance except yourself.
@_date: 2017-11-16 23:36:15
It depends. If you get your name on this list, then the answer is no; 
If your name doesn't belong on that list, or it does belong but you do not know how to get your name on that list, then sadly the answer is most definitely yes.
@_date: 2017-11-14 08:18:28
Epic Shitpost!!
@_date: 2017-11-16 03:27:04
You may wish to read thru this post; 
@_date: 2017-11-01 20:06:57
Well said, but still a mere elevator fart compared to the gusting opus written by OP.
@_date: 2017-11-27 02:18:42
:)   You are getting close.    Lets look at George and D. Papps filing.   It is 4 pages.    Notice pg 3 is a form 4852, and on that form you will see that they declare $3200 was withheld from their pay.  Now look at the check they received from the Treasury, all withheld monies were returned to them in the form of a check, $3200.
Pg 4 of their filing is a corrected 1099 from an energy company. Notice that the Papps declare they received $0.00 TAXABLE money from that PRIVATE SECTOR company, and they included a nice little statement on the bottom of page 4 as well.
The Papps were paid plenty of money, but as it was not from a FEDERALLY-CONNECTED TAXABLE ACTIVITY which is exactly what the income tax falls on...
they properly declared all the money they received from Fed-Guv, $0.00, and corrected the misinformation the payer sent in to the IRS. At the same time, their sworn testimony, based on their knowledge and belief (which is what the law requires... your knowledge, not a payers allegation) served to rebut the erroneous allegation by the payer and fulfill the requirements of the law.
A W-2 and a 1099 is just an allegation. And by law they are ONLY for reporting federal payments!!!! After all, that is all the income tax is concerned with. Private sector businesses have been conditioned, since the 1950's, to wrongly report private sector pay as federal monies. 
The Papps know the law and said to the IRS, on the proper forms that the IRS is able to deal with, "Sorry but the payers erred.  The money paid to us wasn't derived from a fed-guv connected activity, therefore we don't have a liability, since private sector pay isn't what the tax falls on."  The IRS said, "yup youre correct, and as the law requires us to... here is your property back"
The IRS did what it must, follow the law and return everything that was wrongly withheld.
Look closely at the instructions on the form 4852, it says "use this form when your employer or payer makes an error".
What's the difference between a payer and an employer??  What do the Papps know that induced them to fill out their filing in the way they did, and caused the IRS to return everything that was withheld from them?!?!?
LEARN HOW TO GET YOUR NAME ON THAT LIST!!!!    Click around that website and you will find essay after essay and example after example, of Americans learning this reclaimed knowledge and putting it to work.
The essays on the history of the excise tax known as the income tax and how it came to be that "we all pay" is a fascinating study. The discussions of numerous Spreme Court decisions is fascinating. Learning how to read the US Code, and its relationship to the Statutes at Large and Legislative Acts is fascinating.
Once you know the law, filing tax returns couldn't be easier for private sector workers.  If none of the money you earned came from Fed-guv (SS, post office employee pay, selling apples or wine or tires or anything to fed-guv, being Michelle Obamas official hair stylist or white house chef) then your private sector payer is unfortunately, like most Americans, hoodwinked. If you are private sector, a w-2 and 1099 should not be filled out about the activity which got you the money.  In fact, the law also allows you to sue someone who fills out a w-2 incorrectly.
Learn the law.  That site will teach it to you.  Be free again.   Step 1 of filing taxes is ask yourself...  did any of the money I earn come from the exercise of a federally connected privilege.   If the answer is no then don't agree with the w-2. You have much to learn.   YOu will be better for it!
Look up Pete Hendrickson (the author of that website) on youtube if you prefer watching over reading.
@_date: 2017-11-21 15:58:47
The income tax in the US is an excise; It will always be around whether payments are made in currency or bitcoins. Check out these peoples tax returns; they know the tax is merely an excise; 
@_date: 2017-11-27 03:07:58
Then more and more people will learn the law and get their names on this list; 
@_date: 2017-11-30 16:39:01
I learned how to read Title 26 of the US Code.        To be taxable the gains needs to derive from a federally-connected activity.  Learn your US excise tax history yo.
@_date: 2017-11-01 20:42:56
She only cares about the spend part of BTC, not the HODL part.     She's not wrong...   just way early.   Spend in 2021.   Start talking to her about BTC in 2021.  Til then let her have her sleep.  
2 things I learned about significant others...   they prefer a clean shaved neck to a neck beard... and they are interested in helping you spend your money.
@_date: 2017-11-01 02:01:34
Yes!! More importantly you need to decide whether to spend your money (btc) or save it. If you decide to save it, learn how to do so securely.  Work with small amounts until your comfortable with your security methods.
@_date: 2017-11-16 01:37:20
review the returns found at this list; 
@_date: 2017-11-17 22:09:02
If you're smart enough, learn how to get your name on this list; 
The income tax is an excise, not a direct un-apportioned tax. The US is the best country on earth, if you know how to be an American.
@_date: 2017-11-30 19:20:28
This is a good video in its own right and he demonstrates what you ask for; 
@_date: 2017-11-27 21:52:29
First of all, my name is on that list, for 10 years running.
Second, tax avoidance is legal and you can read about his "felony" here; 
Third, the courts have not ruled against CTC; 
You are parroting IRS trolls, just as they want you to.  WHy not keep an open mind and look into it further? 
Regardless of whether you wish to remain a slave or not, it is indisputable that the Supreme Court has repeatedly ruled the income tax is an excise and the 16th amendment merely undid the 18 year standing Pollock decision which allowed the Robber Barons to get rich. 
It is also indisputable that the list of Americans getting all their property back is getting longer, year after year?? Why are people still getting money back?? Why aren't the tens of thousands of brave Americans who have followed his footsteps not in jail??  Why would certain parties want to scare you away from these liberating truths???
You should review this page;  or if you're not a good reader you can watch numerous videos here, 
Then I suggest you actually learn the law for yourself and make up your own mind.  Or baaaaahhck off and enjoy fearfully giving away 1/3 of your hard earned money.
@_date: 2017-11-01 20:24:29
AA is great.  But i suggest these two resources might be worth your friends while;
  (awesome analogy... drawer-opening drones)
     (somewhat dated but the relevant parts are excellent and concise)
@_date: 2017-11-26 06:49:15
Read this;
Watch this; 
Read these for context; 
Start reading this; 
Learn how to secure a computer. Learn from past mistakes others have made. DO a search for relevant terms, "lost bitcoin", "stolen bitcoin", "bitcoin scam".
No, not stupid, in my opinion.
@_date: 2017-11-01 00:08:29
The tax is an excise and anyone who is actually liable should and must pay it.
More than likely you're not even liable for the tax... Learn how to get your name on this list; 
@_date: 2017-11-01 01:29:05
Nothingburger.   Moneybadger is about to have its way with the CME.  Gold might even get liberated at the same time.
@_date: 2017-11-27 04:48:56
I don't disagree with your CSS &amp; JS comment.
Respectfully I suggest you go to losthorizons.com and start reading. The bulletinboard is just a very long list of irrefutable proof that many of our fellow Americans have read the relevant legislation, court decisions, the US Code, and have applied their knowledge. The results is the return of all monies withheld from them, social security and medicare included.
@_date: 2017-11-17 02:03:35
Here's the lawful way to achieve the outcome I think you describe; Get your name on this list; 
Here's a very short primer...  (2 pages)
@_date: 2017-11-27 03:42:25
You may want to learn how people get their names on this list; 
The Internet Reformation marches on!
@_date: 2017-11-30 16:02:54
The answer you seek is found here; 
@_date: 2017-11-28 03:51:56
Learn how to read Title 26 of the United States Code. Peter E. Hendrickson is the best teacher, in my opinion. He has a website. I found his information and conveyance of the excise tax laws of the United States enlightening and liberating, very similarly to how I view Bitcoin. Knowledge of tax law and Bitcoin is a powerful combo.
@_date: 2017-11-04 20:56:34
I suggest you learn how to get your name on this list; 
@_date: 2017-11-27 04:25:37
Yes, well, if you profit from the public purse then you should pay your taxes, otherwise you'd be a criminal scofflaw.
If you are a private sector person who doesn't know the law, then I agree, pay what the IRS demands of you.
If you are an American cut from the cloth of our founders, then educate yourself and only pay the taxes you are actually liable for. Learn how to deal with your public servanrts who from time to time step outside their authority. After-all, the courts have repeatedly said that it is you and I who must keep our public employees and institutions within their due bounds.
Do you pay tobacco taxes when you buy milk???  Why pay the income tax if you don't actually have a liability for it?!?!?!?
@_date: 2017-11-28 00:49:22
" Banks... do it all the time." Awww aren't you cute.
@_date: 2017-11-30 16:37:14
I suggest you learn how to read Title 26 of the US Code. IMO, the best explanation is found here; 
@_date: 2017-11-02 22:44:13
You don't. Cognitive dissonance will.
@_date: 2017-11-17 01:17:42
Learn how to get your name on this list; 
There is no "Bitcoin Tax". Taxable payments, whether made in USD, or Bitcoin, are taxable because it was a taxable payment, meaning the payment was the result of a taxable activity. All congress did was clarify that a taxable payment made in bitcoin has the same exact treatment as payments already made in US dollars.  Taxable payments (payments which arose out of a taxable activity!!) of $600 or more must be reported to the Internal Revenue Service on an information return. Wages paid to federal employees must be reported on a w-2. Anyway, congress gave itself legal authority to spend bitcoin because it wrote the legislation which allows for excise taxation on federally connected activities whereby gains are realized (the Income Tax), when bitcoin is used as the medium of exchange.
"The Supreme Court has repeatedly ruled that an excise is a privilege tax. A privilege is a particular and peculiar benefit or advantage enjoyed by a person, company, or class, beyond  the  common  advantages  of  other  citizens.  That  special  advantage,  when  it  is  created  by  the  people  via  government,  is  generally  regulated,  often  via  an  excise,  to  keep its exercise in check. Excise literally means “a piece of the [privileged] action". "  (this is just a primer; far from the end-all be-all on this subject)
@_date: 2017-11-30 16:30:45
@_date: 2017-11-30 16:07:27
Read this; 
@_date: 2017-11-10 14:43:10
The "proof" is the reporting instrument, a Form 1099. You may want to learn from these folks example; 
@_date: 2017-11-28 03:03:34
@_date: 2017-11-05 13:26:57
Learn how these people got their names on this list, then get yours on it; 
@_date: 2017-11-27 14:21:18
To the contrary, every name on that list has studied the law. A handful of names are attorneys and CPA's, the rest are doctors, janitors, engineers, business owners, and more. The US Treasury has been issuing checks for over 15 years now based on this reclaimed knowledge.   Like you're attempting to do, there are entities that definitely don't want Americans to learn the relevant law because that would stop the gravy train.
Start reading at losthorizons.com my friend.    Cast off your shackles.
I'll also gladly discuss this and clarify any questions you have. Perhaps we can start here;
What about that list is illegal???
@_date: 2017-11-07 21:51:30
Bitcoin transactions aren't taxed, receiving gains from federally-connected activities is.
The smoke has been cleared, the mirrors have been broken, the fog has lifted...  Behold Liberty as the founders secured for us (if we work to keep it)   
The income tax is an excise clarified by the 16th Amendment, not a direct un-apportioned tax created by the 16th Amendment. If you don't know what the preceding sentence means then start reading the examples at the link above, and get yourself free, which is your American birthright.
@_date: 2017-11-24 00:49:14
It depends. If your name belongs on this list;  then the answer would be no. If the money you earn is taxable under the excise tax laws of the United States (derived from a federally-connected activity which produced gains), then the answer would be yes. 
@_date: 2017-11-21 20:39:48
   Simply learn how to get your name on this list, unless your money came to you by way of a relationship with Fed-guv, in which case you can't get your name on that list; realizing monetary gains by way of a federally-connected activity incurs a liability for the income tax.
@_date: 2017-11-25 02:32:41
@_date: 2017-11-13 18:18:36
Learn how to get your name on this list;     
@_date: 2017-11-04 20:15:17
Learn how to get your name on this list; 
You are tilting at windmills.
@_date: 2017-11-27 05:10:04
You may want to learn how these people got their names on this list; 
I don't know the specifics of your situation but you probably aren't even liable for the tax.
@_date: 2017-11-21 20:16:10
There's a safer and lawful way to achieve the same ends, but it involves reading and gaining some knowledge; 
@_date: 2017-11-01 19:56:00
People use HSBC bank to launder cash.  People also buy bitcoins in large amounts because it is the money of the future, and will continue to produce astronomical gains for those intelligent enough to see the writing on the wall.
As the Bitcoin price is going up by hundreds per day, perhaps it is worth it to the BTM users to pay a premium to get the coins immediately.
See this post which came in 1 minute before you posted; 
@_date: 2017-11-08 17:07:47
Learn how the people got their names on this list and you will have your answer; 
@_date: 2017-11-30 16:52:39
A fool thinks he is wise. A wise man knows he is a fool. 
I suggest you read Outliers by Malcolm Gladwell.
Well done on being able to read what smart people have shared with us.
@_date: 2017-11-16 02:12:29
You may find this list fascinating;    (click a few names)
@_date: 2017-11-17 14:26:17
If you're intelligent enough to understand BTC then IMO you're intelligent enough to learn how to get your name on this list; 
@_date: 2017-11-26 06:07:29
Compare and contrast what they say to the site that enables this list; 
@_date: 2017-11-17 15:19:31
There are if the gains arose from a taxable activity.
The income tax is not a direct unapportioned tax; it is an excise.
Learn how to get your name on this list and you will discover the answer to your question; 
@_date: 2017-11-17 01:41:05
Are you blocking javascrypts or some such thing in your browser??
@_date: 2017-11-30 16:56:25
If only one ball remaining... probably due to a bad bet... hit it like a punching bag. The owner deserves nothing less for being such a pessimist.
@_date: 2017-11-16 08:01:25
Read all of these;     (Conceived in Liberty is AWESOME, but not relevant to your question)
@_date: 2017-11-17 00:53:26
I believe you will find your answer by going to  and use the search bar to read up on "deflation", or perhaps "deflationary". Deflationary is opposed to inflationary. One simple difference is that under an inflationary monetary regime, savers are punished whereas under a deflationary regime savers are rewarded.
If you HODL US dollars over time you will be punished as more and more dollars are injected into circulation, diluting the value of all previous notes. The purchasing power of a dollar continues to decrease year by year.
If you HODL a bitcoin over time, human productivity and all the awesome, real things we buy, and all the myriad services we provide to each other increase relative to the money supply thereby increasing the value of each bitcoin.
The Austrian School of Economics offers the most sound and reality based analysis in my opinion. This is a good primer;  
@_date: 2017-11-01 20:17:13
This is what I was going to write.
@_date: 2017-11-08 17:18:03
Check the examples on this list; 
@_date: 2017-11-26 06:26:55
The income tax system is extremely cumbersome if you actually derive gains from a taxable activity. If this is not the case and you have never learned the history, and applicability of the income tax then...
I suggest you learn how to get your name on this list; 
@_date: 2017-11-30 16:27:01
Start reading here;      avoid trouble by learning how to read and understand Title 26 of the US Code.
@_date: 2017-11-01 20:20:39
He probably spent $375 on a new piece of equipment which made him 10k over 3 years...  just saying.
@_date: 2017-11-21 23:27:19
Check out these 2 resources;
@_date: 2017-11-19 15:57:22
The easiest way to prove a fool wrong is to let him have his way.
@_date: 2017-11-16 08:09:58
Is there something you can purchase in Zim with BTC which you could then export?
@_date: 2017-11-10 01:18:24
   Bonus if the ring is for a vanity address containing the recipients name.
@_date: 2017-11-26 06:36:13
You may be interested in learning how to get your name on this list; 
@_date: 2017-11-25 00:49:17
Get educated. Learn whether your name belongs on this list or not; 
The tax doesn't fall on "bitcoin transactions", not does it fall on "gains". The income tax falls on TAXABLE ACTIVITIES and depending on how much gains youve realized from the taxable activity, you fall into one tax bracket or another and pay the assigned rate of tax on the gains, after taking allowed deductions and credits.
The question is...   did the money you earn arise from a taxable activity??   
The people on that list have learned two things; how to answer the above question, and the fact that all relevant authorities agree, the income tax is a simple excise, but since the 1950's an active campaign has been waged against the American people who forget this important aspect of our history.
The IRS loves is when you unwittingly declare your private sector earnings to be from a federally-connected, taxable activity... mistake in Fed-Guvs favor.
@_date: 2017-11-15 03:30:06
Learn how to get your name on this list; 
@_date: 2017-11-14 08:15:28
Here's one reason; 
The Internet Reformation marches on.
@_date: 2017-11-14 16:56:27
Trouble comes from ignorance and unwittingly declaring oneself to be liable for an excise tax.   Fed-guv/IRS is allowed to have its way with those who actually have a liability. Learn how to properly declare which of you earnings are taxable and which are not. This, is what will prevent all trouble and put your on the right side of the IRS, plus you'll get to keep your earnings.
Or may your shackles rest lightly...
@_date: 2017-11-02 22:39:55
I suggest you learn how to get your name on this list; 
@_date: 2017-11-28 03:07:33
 Read the comments here.
@_date: 2017-11-17 16:17:53
The income tax is an excise; It is the activity which produces gains that is taxable, not simply receiving money. By writing legislation which taxes payments made in bitcoin, the US Gov  is simply creating the framework whereby any payment made by the US Gov for a taxable activity, paid in bitcoin, is now taxed in the exact same way as transactions made in dollars. Any amount of gains, deriving from a taxable activity, whether paid in USD or BTC, must be reported to the IRS if the value of the payment is over $600.   THIS IS A GOOD THING!!!!   We do not want federal employees spending money and not being accountable for it. All payments of federal monies over $600 must be reported to the IRS. Likewise, wages (monies paid to federal employees) must be reported on an information return (w-2) as well.
The income tax, being an excise, means anyone can avoid it by not engaging in a taxable activity. It also means that anyone who does business with fed-guv in one form or another, and realizes gains, is liable for the tax, wherever the person may reside. Unfortunately since the 50's, there has been a purposeful effort to wipe from Americans' memory the origin of excise taxation, the history of the 16th amendment, and more. We now ignorantly agree with the allegations made by others without any understanding whatsoever of when, where, why, and what payments are the ones which are required to be reported on a 1099 or w-2. Most of us ignorantly agree with the erroneous information returns which allege the monies paid to us were from a federally-connected activity, when in fact they weren't.
Learn how to get your name on this list and this will all become much clearer; 
@_date: 2017-11-02 23:40:50
@_date: 2017-11-16 07:52:50
You may find this list fascinating;  (click a few names)
@_date: 2017-11-05 14:35:03
Avoid the fines by learning to get your name on this list; 
@_date: 2017-11-07 13:08:43
None of my bitcoin earnings arise from the exercise of a federally-connected activity so there is no tax on them; 
@_date: 2017-09-11 13:08:26
Learn the relevant law...
@_date: 2017-09-24 17:15:42
coinmap.org    tell your friends.
@_date: 2017-09-20 23:40:42
Perhaps there is no right or wrong in all of that... it just IS.
@_date: 2017-09-19 22:47:47
This is kinda fun; 
@_date: 2017-09-20 12:25:13
Coins which were seized during an investigation and then sold thru auction by the US Marshalls commanded a premium over the exchange price. 
It appears that coins known to have been used during illegal transactions are more valuable than "clean" coins.
@_date: 2017-09-22 14:13:22
Was hoping to learn something here...  sadly disappointed.
Here's an example; 
@_date: 2017-10-14 02:19:19
Unfortunately Snipes never learned how to get his name on this list; 
Tragically neither did Irwin Schiff. RIP
@_date: 2017-10-05 21:37:03
It's simple, actually, and I agree everyone should be sure they know how to handle their public servants at the IRS. Tens of thousands are already doing it.   Are you trying to scare people away from knowledge??
@_date: 2017-10-31 02:16:00
Get on this list; 
@_date: 2017-10-02 20:16:57
Learn how to get your name on this list; 
@_date: 2017-09-25 23:01:44
You need to check the private key or QR code on the coin (if there is one).   THen check the ledger to see if that key has a bitcoin balance.
The physical coin itself is worth its metal weight?.?
@_date: 2017-10-22 11:41:51
The income tax is an excise; 
@_date: 2017-10-31 23:57:08
Many bitcoins isn't in circulation.  :)
@_date: 2017-10-22 12:11:21
In the US, the tax known as the income tax is an excise; 
@_date: 2017-10-09 15:23:17
Learn how to get your name on this list; 
@_date: 2017-10-10 13:54:50
You want want to learn how to get your name on this list; 
@_date: 2017-10-05 13:30:55
Learn what the tax is and what it falls on. Most likely you don't owe the tax anyway.
@_date: 2017-09-26 13:44:08
Only pay taxes for the liabilities you actually incur; 
@_date: 2017-10-09 18:44:20
Learn to get your name on this list; 
@_date: 2017-10-29 14:15:38
Learn how to get your name on this list; 
The tax in an excise, not an un-apportioned direct tax.
@_date: 2017-10-10 02:14:53
Learn how to get your name on this list; 
@_date: 2017-10-17 21:16:00
@_date: 2017-10-20 19:41:07
You probably aren't even liable for the tax; 
@_date: 2017-10-11 23:13:38
If you can learn to get your name on this list;    you will come to understand that H.R. 3708 is good legislation.
The income tax is an excise, not an unapportioned direct tax. Unfortunately most Americans have no idea what this means.  The people whos names are on that list know whats up.
@_date: 2017-10-21 12:25:13
My name is on this list;  
You are probably not even liable for the tax.
@_date: 2017-09-17 23:58:47
No. This exellent video can help you to understand the answer to your questions; 
IIRC the analogy gets really good 3.5 minutes in.
@_date: 2017-10-15 00:42:00
FRNs dont even rise to the level of shitcoins though.
@_date: 2017-10-12 21:41:33
Based on what you wrote I think you will find this list fascinating; 
@_date: 2017-10-31 23:58:59
Awesome story!
@_date: 2017-10-29 13:50:35
Learn how to get your name on this list!!!; 
@_date: 2017-10-16 20:41:03
 Just this; 
@_date: 2017-10-31 14:57:17
Click around the website and learn how to get your name on this list; 
You're probably not even liable for the excise tax.
@_date: 2017-10-31 02:14:56
Learn to get your name on this list; 
The internet is such an awesome tool for sharing information and learning. 
@_date: 2017-10-15 00:11:12
That's a pinnacle of human engineering, I happy for you brother... have fun and be safe.
@_date: 2017-10-05 20:53:00
The only way to make sure you are compliant is learn the law for yourself.   Tens of thousands already have... it's not complicated.   losthorizons.com
@_date: 2017-10-17 13:41:16
Can you tell us what mistake you made?? Did you drop a letter? Misspell a word??
@_date: 2017-10-26 10:05:32
Read a book and only pay the taxes you are actually liable for.
@_date: 2017-10-14 12:52:14
Watch all of these 
Then watch all of these; 
In between videos do 100 pushups or sit-ups. Don't start the next video until you've reached 100.
Every day find a neighbor/call a friend or family member, and ask if there is something you can assist them with as you want to volunteer some of your time helping the people closest to you. I can't stress the importance of this one enough.
Don't think about this. Do it.
Your sponsor is not a financial advisor, just a prior addict trying hard to stay sober too.  His words are not gospel, except for when he says "call me before you decide to use". That's gospel.
Perhaps cash out a small fraction of your holdings and START making amends. No one says you needs to make amends in one day. IF amends could even be made... 
Then come back to reddit and write to me/us and tell me what activity you got into that day. Stories about volunteering and peoples gratitude for your efforts are so much more entertaining to me than the story about how you did (insert shitty thing you did to get money for your habit here). I love hearing about people being grateful to each other for basic acts of kindness.
@_date: 2017-10-21 12:53:21
The income tax is an excise, not a direct unapportioned tax. Learn how to get your name on this list; 
@_date: 2017-10-29 14:01:36
This link!
"Most Bitcoin addresses are 34 characters. They consist of random digits and uppercase and lowercase letters, with the exception that the uppercase letter "O", uppercase letter "I", lowercase letter "l", and the number "0" are never used to prevent visual ambiguity. "
@_date: 2017-07-22 06:19:07
People also said the automobile was dirty, noisy, dangerous and there was no need to replace a perfectly good horse.
@_date: 2017-07-30 03:06:39
@_date: 2017-07-07 20:05:02
@_date: 2017-07-19 04:02:22
What country are you located in?
@_date: 2017-07-18 05:01:01
I don't know if you're mistaken. You could receive BTC thru Bitpay and have fiat deposited to your account, then disburse cash to your vendors?
Or you could contact Bitpay and help them develop a new business model.
Sorry I don't have experience with them. But its the closest thing I could think of relating to what you're asking about.
@_date: 2017-07-08 03:23:21
OP doesn't want a discussion, check his history. OP wants others to do the work for him.
Community Guidelines,
"Please avoid repetition — is a subreddit devoted to new information and discussion about Bitcoin and its ecosystem."
See the link I provided above.
@_date: 2017-07-20 22:58:18
Telling other people not to use Poloniex  may be the most effective thing you could do. A mass exodus of customers would quickly get Poloniex' attention.  Right now, they have all the power. People are beating down their doors to do business with them. People are overwhelming them. DO you think Poloniex wants to give customers a bad experience???  I think not. They are simply swamped with new users. You do know it takes time to build a service such as this??
There are regulations. The regulations say, "elken1313 is an adult and is capable of contracting with whomever he wants to". You agreed to the Terms of Service Elken1313.  No one held a gun to your head and made you use Poloniex. Poloniex didn't force you to use their service. They clearly stated, "If you use our service, you agree that we are not liable for  X, Y, and Z." If you failed to read the terms of service, or read them and consented to the terms by using the service... you have no recourse... except to point out to other potential customers that they may want to do business elsewhere... and thereby punish Poloniex.
Do not blame others and do not cry for a big brother to "do something". Learn from your mistake and be more diligent in who you choose to support and do business with in the future.
In my opinion you have learned a valuable less from this experience. Now be polite and patient and you will get your money. In the mean time tell your story on the web.
*bonus* Do not lie, slander, or harm Poloniex with your words, ie. they didn't abuse or steal from you. They are simply busy, overwhelmed even, and are acting according to the Terms of Service which YOU didn't respect. Be honest and tell your story though. You have waited a long time and other potential customers may appreciate a warning that Poloniex isn't able to handle the currernt demand and you feel you have lost out on some opportunities, and the potential customers may choose to go do business elsewhere with another exchange other than P.
@_date: 2017-07-14 01:02:02
Why is "fractional reserve lending" legal and also fraudulent?? Who benefits from the fraud and who is harmed??
@_date: 2017-07-05 03:12:03
Ahh. 
Just one more question.
What is the dollar value of .0018 btc??
However much it is, get it into your possession, then watch this, 
@_date: 2017-07-20 18:58:58
Agreed. It's stress free.   Just buy and watch it appreciate over the long term.   Don't stress about timing dips.
This is how HODLers do it.  Traders have a different tactic Im sure.
@_date: 2017-07-14 04:09:14
We're all addicts;
  (blueberries gave our ancestors a dopamine drip, even when humans lived in tribal "Rat Park" societies)
Not to mention when the vets came home from Vietnam there was no heroin to be had... so they moved onto other drugs that were available.
Not an addict...   then simply stop using.   It's a simple test.
I don't know anyone who "uses heroin on the weekends only". I know a few people who were introduced to it, then started living crazy lives. A few recovered. Some substituted alcohol and are always drunk. All of them hurt innocent people to get their drugs.
It's in our biology to become addicted. Most do, after frequent and repeated use. In the video you shared it was stated all it takes is 21 days. Just say no. Compulsive behavior is a cage.
@_date: 2017-07-03 03:02:41
In your writing here you've substituted the letter B for an M and then you also misspelled "words" as "works".
Nevermind... Upon further reading I see this wasn't the issue.
@_date: 2017-07-10 03:14:55
Have a downvote!
@_date: 2017-07-02 04:28:39
Thank you.
What is the public address you intended to send the coins to? ie. What is the receiving address in your bitcore wallet you sent the coins to?
This will help us rule out a clipboard attack. From the TXid you shared, I can see that coins were moved in a successful transaction.
Please get this info from the bitcore wallet, not from a blockexplorer.
@_date: 2017-07-29 00:21:33
You get an upvote. OP gets a downvote.
@_date: 2017-07-28 04:29:47
Duplicate post by new username; 
@_date: 2017-07-21 01:24:33
OK. So if I'm following you....
1zVf1xZeGrDgTZn9uk2uhEoXKrjPugH21 is a public address provided to you by localbitcoins.com where you received 0.27437344 BTC.
You then attempted to send the coins to another public address, one associated with your coinb.in wallet, and localbitcoins.com is indicating to you that the transaction was successful. Also, localbitcoins.com provided to you the TXid 035ef328d82634656520e269a7c3afe305b79c23d32eaa4ac0be64c1ae9393fcce.
Is this correct?
@_date: 2017-07-30 03:43:52
OP is wise.
@_date: 2017-07-20 02:12:01
You may want to review this list and find out how the people got their name on it; 
As others here have said in different ways, "It all starts with an information return (1099 or W-2)". You must address every 1099 and w-2 submitted about you. Either agree with it or learn how to properly rebut it.
@_date: 2017-07-22 04:06:49
If omitted then a node will not validate transactions and blocks. If omitted then the software is no longer a validating full node, just a wallet that doesn't do any validating.
Are you a troll? Or just retarded?
"Must" does not indicate "optional".  I'm going with retarded.
@_date: 2017-07-20 19:26:03
IMO Yes!!
If everyone on earth possessed an equal amount of bitcoin, we would each have .0028 coins.
The average American is up to their eyeballs in debt, own nothing outright, and can't come up with a $400 payment if an emergency arises.
@_date: 2017-07-13 22:18:11
I got a call from a 60-something year old friend from Latin America recently. She recalled me telling her about BTC back in 2013.
When she called I asked her if she owned any BTC. She replied, "No.".
Then she said her nephew told her to buy "Spectrum", and she asked me if I owned any.
@_date: 2017-07-10 13:13:34
All your coins are belong to Coinbase.
@_date: 2017-07-16 02:45:22
Bitcoin is dead (for the 139th time)!!
@_date: 2017-07-13 22:33:49
Don't be a dummy.   One has 2x in its name.
@_date: 2017-07-20 23:48:43
Take the hit up front and be rewarded later. That's what I did and it was one of the best decisions I've made.
*disclaimer* past performance does not guarantee future performance.
@_date: 2017-07-14 13:00:42
You obviously have a bone to pick.
The context is bitcoin price. I didn't come here to debate semantics. My point is valid.
I do want to perpetuate the fact that drugs (on your list) are addicting. There are biological reasons why. Addicts need education and treatment, not to be criminalized.
Plenty of people try illegal drugs for the first few times on a casual basis. Continued use leads to addiction, especially for those who (as the video said) are lacking their "rat city".
@_date: 2017-07-20 23:59:11
I apologize if what I wrote read as accusatory. I do not mean to diminish what you are suffering.
That said, I do think it's important to,
1 read the TOS
2 exercise discretion in whom you do business with
3 be cognizant that this whole space is new and the companies are doing a helluva job getting an exchange going that works most of the time
I truly am sorry you're experiencing difficulties with their service. I encourage you to keep all this in mind and work towards a meaningful solution for yourself so this doesn't happen to you again.
@_date: 2017-07-18 05:28:23
@_date: 2017-07-16 05:11:01
AWESOME. lol.   ...   ewww  i just peed a bit.
@_date: 2017-07-13 22:26:34
Based on the info you provided I see $4,940.00 "invested". Further the same graphic says you will earn $11,640/year.
@_date: 2017-07-09 15:15:47
Derp. Somehow I read the title and thought a new video was added.  Thank you for the clarification.   
@_date: 2017-07-25 01:53:51
Cool story.   Question is... are you a HODLER??
@_date: 2017-07-28 23:30:11
Three years and you still "just dont get it."
You should just google, "how to calculate bitcoin transaction fees".
Now you made me repeat myself. GFYS
@_date: 2017-07-20 19:12:33
Alts go up because speculators who feel they missed the boat don't understand any of the crypto-assets and are hoping the alts will make them rich.
Poor souls.
@_date: 2017-07-07 15:16:39
Excellent point. I now see how wrong I was.  lol
@_date: 2017-07-21 14:23:32
I would add, find a seller with plenty of feedback and 100% reputation.   Don't buy from the seller with 5 feedback and an asking price 20% below everyone else.   Use your head and check your greed.  Good luck!
@_date: 2017-07-06 05:06:50
@_date: 2017-07-07 04:33:17
I'm not discrediting party hats. I'm discrediting the analogy used by the OP and suggesting that there is more to the value of btc than it's scarcity alone.
Utility is as important as scarcity. Read the article I linked. Divisibility, fungibility, transportability, and other attributes are just as important as scarcity to bitcoins value proposition.
Tell me....   if Bitcoins couldn't be divided down to the eight decimal place, would it be useful as money?? Or what if Bitcoins could not be transported or sent over the internet, would bitcoins still be useful as money and command such a high price??  Or what if the internet frequently crashed, would we still regard btc as the pinnacle of money????
It's not partyhats that I have an issue with. It's the simplistic argument that scarcity alone determines bitcoins value proposition.
@_date: 2017-07-20 00:49:11
RemindMe! 1 year "ask about the health of the child, share well wishes, do another RemindMe until age 3-4"
@_date: 2017-07-20 18:50:46
The long term trend is bottom left to top right. Good luck (sincerely) trying to time the market.
I buy whenever I have extra fiat. I can predict short term movements.
@_date: 2017-07-18 03:48:01
OP, how many times have you tried LSD? How many times did you pay with BTC vs fiat??
@_date: 2017-07-25 01:41:50
I applaud your willingness to experiment but come on man. $1800 your first attempt.  Really?!?!?!?
324JL and jcoinner gave you good answers.  Good luck!!
@_date: 2017-07-07 19:41:29
The same questions about bitcoin being asked over and over on reddit by people too lazy to do an internet search and then read. This clogs the forum.
Reporting to moderators and blocking the user usually does the trick for me. I often downvote as well so the question never really sees the light of day.
@_date: 2017-07-25 01:10:57
I suppose it depends on your purpose for calculating NAV.
Without knowing that I think the answer is, pick one an be consistent with its use as your benchmark.
@_date: 2017-07-21 00:12:07
sold at 2300?!?  How have you not committed Seppuku already?!?!?
L2HODL or hate yourself forever!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@_date: 2017-07-13 22:30:30
ELI5: Go clean your room.
@_date: 2017-07-10 13:09:45
Thanks for sharing!
@_date: 2017-07-19 22:58:55
I don't hope, I know. Ethylmercury is a neurotoxin. Read those peer reviewed articles. Read that article which I shared rather than condemn it based on the name of a website (really?!? go search the web and you'll find the same peer reviewed article discussed elsewhere).
"When we think we know it all, we cant learn". Do you really know what you think you do, or are you parroting the people who you think are authorities?? You're going to put your childs well-being on the line because your moms a nurse and your dads a gynecologist?!? Your mom is a needle technician, not a research scientist; she parrots the old misinformation. Your dad can't do brain surgery. I'm sure he's good enough but I know he doesn't keep up with all medical knowledge; it's impossible. You think you know it all because your parents know less than 1% of all medical knowledge, but they have a title????? 
Who doesn't really care about the child here?  You would rather attack a messenger than consider that perhaps you're misinformed or are relying on outdated information that may be derived from a conflict of interest??  You'd rather insult me then check out the message. You deserve what's coming to you. Your child will be an innocent victim of his dads hubris.
At this point, I won't let your ignorance and fallacies stand uncorrected on a public forum to harm others. Take your ignorance elsewhere then put your head back into the sand. Butter is healthier than margarine and Ethylmercury is a neurotoxin. Your child will be on the spectrum. Hopefully our debate will prevent other children from joining your child.
Recall that you said, "I was with you until you said medical stuff". You were in agreement with me until I presented information that you believe is wrong.
Eventually you will be on my page, once you stop pretending to know everything and start to expose yourself to better information. I hope for your childs sake this occurs before your inject the child with mercury.
Remember me and remember this; mercury in any form is accumulated in brain tissue and is a neurotoxin. Remember that you were presented with a chance to get the most up to date information and instead you attacked the messenger who presented it to you.
Here's the link one more time. This is the dumbed down version for laymen; 
If you want the technical version click here; 
The review discussed and linked above was performed by two CDC doctors. They published their review in May 2016. I'm guessing your parents haven't heard about this review... you probably didn't either until I bothered to enlighten you... For the sake of your child.
@_date: 2017-07-31 04:13:29
google "armory offline", look for the bitcointalk.org discussion.
@_date: 2017-07-07 14:19:12
What product or service have you created and attempted to get off the ground?? Surely your product was perfected overnight??
I appreciate your guess/prediction. I think you are wrong though. Building an exchange takes time and effort; much more effort than a 3 paragraph post on reddit.
@_date: 2017-07-13 22:13:06
Bitcoin can't be undermined. Poorly secured computing devices can be...
Know the difference and HODL accordingly.
@_date: 2017-07-02 22:48:05
This is true however I have a further question that OP may not realize to ask.
Step 1: install electrum (which places your wallet.dat file in a folder on your computer)
Step 2 Open your wallet (hopefully encrypted with a password) and obtain the necessary "Watch only string of characters"
Step 3 Reinstall electrum and at the opening screen where it asks you what type of wallet you want, enter the "watch only string of characters" and the watching only wallet will load,  and there is no ability to spend the coins from the watch only wallet.
Step 4   Go back and delete the wallet file initially installed during the first installation??!?!???
If you skip step four then your wallet.dat file is still on your computer!! I think.   I've "heard/read" there is malware that looks for wallet files. Untrustworthy people with access to your computer could get the wallet.dat file. 
So definitely use the watch only wallet...  but I suggest you also delete the wallet.dat file which was created during the first installation and which was necessary to even get a "watch only string of characters" to create the watch only wallet with.
Was this question/explanation clear?? Am I even correct? Does installing a watch only wallet somehow clear the electrum folder of ALL wallet.dat files??
As to the "send" tab in the watch only wallet...  test it out. And perhaps report it to the Electrum creator/developer.
@_date: 2017-07-21 00:10:31
lol.   thank you.
@_date: 2017-07-07 13:52:37
I cited the articles I've read myself.
You are welcome to post other articles.
Don't be butthurt, just read the articles I linked and you will see that my answer was correct. No, Tesla is not the car of the future.
@_date: 2017-07-25 01:23:13
A simple web search reveals the above and more...
@_date: 2017-07-31 20:52:58
It depends whether you engaged in a federally connected activity to generate the coins. 
Learn how these people got their names on this list; 
@_date: 2017-07-25 02:15:56
I would suggest no. I wish I could say yes but exchnges are a really really really large honey pot for hackers.
Blockchain.info was hacked in Dec 2013 and $800,000 worth of (dec 2013) BTC were stolen.
@_date: 2017-07-28 03:11:21
Jinxed no.  But you are on your way to insanity.  Which exchange are you parking your coins on next?
@_date: 2017-07-13 14:31:28
This. Bitpay has a list of POS systems on their website which have incorporated Bitcoin.
Also get a "Bitcoin Accepted Here" sticker and put it in your window.
Finally, list your business at coinmap.org.
@_date: 2017-07-20 19:24:04
Wiser words have never been uttered.
@_date: 2017-07-19 13:58:16
Don't worry NewDad, my children don't have compromised immune systems from repeated mercury injections.
Don't forget to put margarine on NewAutistBabies toast, it's healthier than butter!!!  Doctors say so...
Be sure to use the margarine with the EthylMercury preservatives. It's perfectly safe. 
Mercury is not a know neurotoxin... right?!?!? Our kidneys simply clean any mercury out of our blood... right?!?!?
@_date: 2017-07-30 17:59:44
See this list here and learn how people got their names on it; 
@_date: 2017-07-07 02:47:56
google is your friend.
@_date: 2017-07-08 03:08:17
Ooops, spelling error on my part. "Dolt" was my awful attempt at spelling "dashingly handsome".   derp.
@_date: 2017-07-07 03:56:35
Bitcoins are perfectly fungible.
There are much better analogies that make cogent arguments for bitcoin adoption and price appreciation than party hats from an obscure video game and which also don't rely on crude language.
This post is an epic fail.
Bitcoins success has nothing to do with party hats and it's unfortunate in my mind that this is the level of understanding used to argue for bitcoin adoption.  We have gone full retard in this post. We have jumped the shark. The original post is straight out of Idiocracy. It's an autistic, mental-masturbating, nothing-burger. 
Compare the discussion by the retards above to the explanation contained in this discussion;
  Look for the section titled "No really, WHY are bitcoins valuable".  (check the date of that article, intelligent humans were explaining the value proposition of btc long before the autists compared money to party hats)
@_date: 2017-07-30 02:29:25
Here's what you need to know OP.... Honeybadger dont give a f*ck.
@_date: 2017-07-30 01:21:11
You had your coins on an exchange...???
Forgive my crass indifference but...   why did you have your funds on an exchange?!?!?!?!?!?!?!
@_date: 2017-07-03 03:08:32
coinmap.org is free.
But for only $9/month it might be worth listing more than just my address. I like that you show videos of my facility, customer review and feedback etc etc.
One last comment/question, if Bitcoin goes mainstream and "everywhere" accepts Bitcoin, how will you stay relevant?  (this may be 20 years out so you have plenty of time to operate in your current model IMO)
OOps, one more comment. I don't carry a laptop, but I do carry a smart phone, like millions of other humans. If I decide to pay you $9 to get listed on your site,......    what are you doing (in addition to reddit posts) to get your site, and my listing, in front of millions of peoples faces??   ie.  is your site going to become a backwater page, or the next "wikipedia or btc accepting locations" which everyone will know and reference?
I sincerely wish you the best!! I love your site, but I've been into BTC for years and just heard of you today, thru chance (I really dont reddit much).  Are Bitcoin enthusiasts familiar with your webpage/service??? Perhaps a write-up should be submitted to coindesk and other news sources so bitcoin enthusiasts become aware of your service?
PS.   THere are too many route numbers on your map. The route numbers clutter the map. coinmap.org is a very clean map without ANY route numbers, just a few recognizable names. I suggest you eliminate all the route numbers. Especially on a zoomed out map image.
@_date: 2017-07-31 21:02:28
TY for the response.
Are you a verified account holder?
@_date: 2017-07-08 03:34:21
OP I thought you may find this discussion relevant.
"Look at this, to summarise: Nicehash is stopping payouts below 0.01 BTC, so they recently paid everyone with an unpaid balance who hasn't been paid recently, regardless of how much money they had.
EDIT: Here's a direct link to what they posted on twitter"
@_date: 2017-07-19 04:58:07
Nodes define consensus in bitcoin.
I did a web search and found the term "economic node" used here;  , although the term is undefined.
Are full nodes and economic nodes one and the same??
Aren't miners also full nodes??
Watching this;  and also looking for relevant info in Mastering Bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-07-07 17:55:40
@_date: 2017-07-20 18:48:20
Open the link below, click your currency, read reviews about the options listed. Good luck making your decision.
@_date: 2017-07-09 14:04:42
I'm confused. It appears the most recent video was added 7 months ago?!?
@_date: 2017-07-25 02:25:44
Patience.   The exchanges are dealing with a "Black Friday" crowd, daily.
@_date: 2017-07-07 20:57:28
The community just saved you $100.
Pay it forward.
@_date: 2017-07-21 13:21:14
My coins just went up in value as these coins fell into a nebulous black hole... never to be found again.
Sorry for your loss OP. I truly wish I didn't just read about this.
@_date: 2017-07-28 03:16:06
"I'll be dumping all my BCC" and "I don't know how to dump all my BCC" are mutually exclusive.
Have a downvote.
@_date: 2017-07-26 01:21:24
Does btc-e have an onion?
@_date: 2017-07-28 02:41:49
Google "aantonop" and watch all his videos.  You will find the answer you seek.
@_date: 2017-07-30 01:18:02
I appreciate where you are coming from.
Watch these; 
use this; 
DO NOT hand over the BTC to someone who will spend them immediately.
IMO the greatest gift you can give to family is an education on how to handle, use, and store BTC safely.
Start here; 
and here;
@_date: 2017-07-07 01:34:49
It's called tough love.   In the time it took you to insult my wisdom you could've found the answers you seek, 10 times over, by use of a search engine.
You deserve to fail.
@_date: 2017-07-08 03:38:40
Educate yourself and get your name on this list, 
Most likely you're not liable for the tax, you've just never learned the relevant law.
@_date: 2017-07-04 00:18:29
He gave you a video to watch...  produced by the most knowledgable expert in this field, who has an uncanny knack of taking a complicated topic and making it simple to understand. What a great resource he shared with you!
But nooooo..... that's not what you're entitled too, right??? 
Well, let us all just fucking drop our lives and waste even more time on you.
 You have enough time to type a book about your butthurt but you can't be bothered to utilize the resources he graciously gave to you?!??
Go expel some energy and pull your comps power cords from the wall outlet.
Your writing style leads me to believe you don't need the explanation of a five year old, nor is this topic too far advanced for you.
You're just a lazy piece of shit.
Go F yourself "newcomer".  We don't need dead weight.
No one here owes you anything.
Now that you've "experienced such an attitude", go cry for a bit, then make yourself a snack and watch the damn video.
Here's a bonus for you. Take it or leave it, just remember that LFB directed you to the best resource around, even though he doesn't owe you shit nor is he obligated to educate you. Regardless of your ungratefulness, here is something for the "newcomer";   
@_date: 2017-07-31 02:31:38
Yes; If you locate the list share it with the community!!
Supply and demand.
@_date: 2017-07-24 21:11:21
Both coins are portable, divisible, durable, and scarce. There may be some minor fungibility issues for now in both coins.
BTC and BCC will be competing in the transaction fee space. Which coin will offer lower transaction fees? Big blocks will enable lower fees by increasing the amount of hardrive space required to store the blockchain. Will this lead to issues? Segwit will enable lower fees by way of Segwit and eventually the Lightning network. How long until this is implemented? Is the mempool full any longer? Or was that an artificially created problem and a political tactic?
Which coin will solve the minor fungibility issues as they exist now?? 
Does Asicboost increase or decrease the security of the network?
Which coin has the developers to tackle these issues and implement solutions?
It will be fascinating to watch this play out. May the best coin win!
Long live the Market!!!
@_date: 2017-07-07 04:07:51
Don't be butthurt, i wasn't directing my argument at you.  Or are you one of the retards I referenced in my above argument??
tell me, what does "early as FUCK" mean anyway??
@_date: 2017-07-19 14:24:20
It's the dose that makes the poison. 
Chlorine =/= Chloride, idiot.  Table salt is sodium CHLORIDE. Chlorine is toxic. Chloride is essential to human health.
Ethylmercury is a neurotoxin.
You obviously don't know chemistry and are relying on ad hominem attacks since you can't actually write intelligently and argue the facts.
Enjoy your autism.
@_date: 2017-07-24 21:26:04
I wish you the best. I'm not able to give professional legal advice. I can assist and share unprofessional semi-technical knowledge only.
@_date: 2017-07-22 16:27:29
HaiCoin is most certainly a Rocketman.
Io here we come!!!
@_date: 2017-07-13 22:40:21
It's magic internet money and it's also experimental. As Satoshi said, "in 20 years time Bitcoin will be worth zero, or it will be a global phenomenon." 
@_date: 2017-07-20 23:22:54
@_date: 2017-07-28 02:38:34
Go clean your room.
@_date: 2017-07-22 02:50:15
Wrong again. No one bothers querying their node if they're simply running a wallet. OP is attempting to run a full node so he can validate transactions and blocks. This requires opening port 8333.
@_date: 2017-07-14 22:35:41
This is r/bitcoin.   Not r/wordplay or r/natureofaddiction.
I'm not here to to discuss Iboga or psilocybes. I'm not here to discuss shitty shitty legal alcohol and how it wrecks us.
Addiction is real. Also real: Many helpful plants and substances are wrongfully listed as having no medicinal properties/benefits while really harmful substances are legal.
How many Dark Market customers are medical practitioners?? DMs are raking in billion, from casual users correct??
Whats more popular on the DMs?; mushrooms or Meth??
Tell me, is fentanyl anti-addictive?? NBOME is being purchased for it medicinal properties correct?? Not out of boredom??
How many DM customers are buying their substance of chance so as to quit another addictive substance??
You haven't said a single thing I don't already know, AND you have no data to back up your assertion that DM customers are "casual psychedelic users" and not addicts looking for pure fishscale and 
Legality has nothing to do with addiction except that we criminalize people who needs help; ADDICTION IS REAL. GFYS and your self-righteousness.
@_date: 2017-07-07 14:47:59
"Tesla said it had an operating loss of about $47 million" and
"There is a big difference between losing money for every car sold and spending more money than you make" No, it's a loss whatever semantics we use.
Finally, "Those links are trash". Nice ad hominem. Your fallacy doesn't negate the correctness of the linked articles. It says more about you than the articles that you call trash.
Thanks for playing!
Tesla is hyped, and failing.
Without (and with) taxpayer subsidies Tesla is a fail. Tesla is not the future. In the future we leave government tit-sucking, taxpayer draining companies like Tesla in the dust.
I can run a marathon, I just need you to carry my fat ass the whole way. See I can do it!!!
@_date: 2017-07-25 02:08:30
Good f-ing lord!!!!!
@_date: 2017-07-19 13:20:28
How much are you attempting to move?
Who besides you knows your seed?
Did you create this wallet offline and move the MPK to the computer your writing from?
What anti-virus anti-malware do you use?
@_date: 2017-07-31 21:21:35
Keep in mind that if you create a new wallet with Mycelium or Electrum, you will be given a new seed.
Any coins "swept" into the new wallet WILL NOT be backed up by the new seed!!!!
Always send coins to a deterministic wallet by transaction, not by sweeping!!!!
If you do sweep the coins into a new wallet, I suggest you then send them to an address which is backed-up by the new seed.
@_date: 2017-07-07 19:45:03
Not having to wade thru bullshit articles asking stupid questions is also fun.
You are a lazy and clogging this forum with shit posting.
You should also read the rules on the right hand side of the page. See that one about repetition??
Learn to use the search feature before rudely clogging this forum.
@_date: 2017-07-03 02:56:58
You appear to have more knowledge than me on this topic.
However, upon installing the regular wallet, a wallet file is created. Then we are prompted to encrypt our wallet with a password.
We can then go to options and retrieve a long string of characters which we can then use to create a new watch only wallet.
The thing is... when we create the new watch only wallet, I dont know if the "old" or "original" walet file is removed from our computers.
IIRC, Upon setting up a watch only wallet I then went into the appdata/roaming/electrum folder and deleted a file named wallet.dat with no ill effects....   meaning my coins haven't been stolen and my watch only wallet works fine.   But this was a while ago.
Anyway thank you for the response and hopefully OP has received the answers he needs.
I am paranoid.
@_date: 2017-07-29 13:28:40
I value Zongks willingness to answer questions which OP is incapable of finding for himself, even though it's been asked a gazillion times here, and can be found at the coinbase website. 
Why do you care about my comments?  Your negative perspective seems twisted and accusatory... Why the hate brah??
@_date: 2017-07-22 15:02:36
EUstan is spreading misinformation.
If you want to run a full node to validate blocks and transactions you need to open port 8333. If you do not do this your "node" will only be a wallet and will not be a full node. If you only want a wallet, follow eustans advice. If you want to be a full node to validate transactions and blocks, ignore eustan.
See more here; 
and here; 
"Home connections are usually filtered by a router or modem. Bitcoin Core will request your router automatically configure itself to allow inbound connections to Bitcoin’s port, port 8333. Unfortunately many routers don’t allow automatic configuration, so you must manually configure your router. You may also need to configure your firewall to allow inbound connections to port 8333. Please see the following subsections for details."
@_date: 2017-07-02 03:35:27
What is the TXid?
@_date: 2017-07-19 13:33:43
I never called you autistic.  You spoke about future events, I replied with 'enjoy your future disease'.
Now I WILL call you pretentious.
Hey EVERYONE,   PSA brought to you by some internet asshole with the word acid in his name.  Mercury in you fillings are just ok. Mercury does not have any impact on your health what so ever. Mercury is in vaccines but that's ok too.      (I wouldn't base my families health on some random insulting pretentious assholes comments with the word acid in his name, but he seems convinced enough to insult random internet strangers over it.)
GFYS AcidIdiot
@_date: 2017-07-19 05:46:02
Thank you for the responses and answers.
So if I'm following you... Coinbase and Bitpay are not running Core, but are running Segwit2x. So these two companies are not part of the economic majority?? The two companies are not part of the 80+% of nodes running Core software??
I may not be using the term "economic majority" properly.  I (mis)understand it to mean a majority of nodes.
Converesly these two companies will be mining the "economic minority chain" which is also the chain with the majority of hashpower behind it??
If my understanding of all this is correct then it appears to me there will be a 51% attack by the "economic minority chain with the majority of the hashpower behind it" group... or this group will capitulate/concede that the economic majority (consensus) are the ones calling the tunes the miners must dance to.
I don't see how anyone wins in this by doing anything other than following consensus (economic majority).? I guess it's time to start learning about game theory.
@_date: 2017-07-14 01:24:51
People HODL alt-coins?!?!?   WTF kind of twilight zone shit is this?!?!?
@_date: 2017-07-18 04:07:15
OP thank you for answering my questions. 
@_date: 2017-07-07 19:47:57
Not as shitty as yours. You dont even bother to answer OP.
Pontificate often??
OP is simply lazy, 
oh hey, look what popped up on the first page. (among other great results) 
I actually gave GREAT advice; learn to use a search engine.
Lazy OPs clog the forum and deserve to be downvoted into oblivion. I want OP to find the information he seeks; hence the EXCELLENT suggestion to learn to use a search engine!
There is a reason we all say, "google is your friend". Shitposts by lazy OPs clog the forum.
@_date: 2017-07-29 00:17:07
So you're the complicit asshole who is encouraging the spamming of r/bitcoin.   
Will you be performing Seppuku now??
@_date: 2017-07-21 01:49:09
Thank you for the response. Unfortunately I'm not adept enough to understand what that means.
If BIP 91 activated segwit, and Core software v0.14.2 enforces segwit,  I don't understand why my node software (v0.14.2) isn't enforcing Segwit, regardless of what BIP it was activated by. Is segwit activated by BIP91 somehow different from Segwit activated by another BIP?? Or am I mistaken in my belief that Core v0.14.2 enforces Segwit? Is it the opinion of Core developers that users should be running BIP148 rather than Core at this time??
Can you point towards an informative resource I can read. I don't mean to burden you with educating me. If you're willing and able to enlighten me though I am grateful.
@_date: 2017-07-31 20:58:53
How many coins did you have in your account?
@_date: 2017-07-19 03:41:21
Which rule are you referring to??
You may want to click this link and read up; 
@_date: 2017-07-13 22:29:10
You should invest in Iraqi Dinar instead.
Trust me!!
@_date: 2017-07-07 21:08:41
I suggest taking out a bank loan and buying up as many rigs as you can off ebay. You'll make HUGE profits!!!
Have a downvote too!
@_date: 2017-07-24 21:14:45
I think the answer is yes. However your post is lacking in details so it is hard to say for sure.
A basic question that wont bust your security is; On what platform is this account set up? If, for example, he set you up with a coinbase account then as long as you have the login and password you should be able to login and collect your funds.
If he set you up with a wallet then if you can tell us what wallet software was used we can assist you in getting the software up and running and collecting your funds.
At this point there just aren't enough details to give you a straight answer about whether retrieval is possible and how to go about retrieving the coins.
@_date: 2017-07-28 02:14:06
It's not necessarily sacrilege, just ignorant;
@_date: 2017-07-28 01:58:58
First determine if you qualify to be on this list; 
@_date: 2017-07-07 14:26:21
I have no dog in this fight. It appears to me you are a member of the Musk Cult.
Agree to disagree for now and time will tell.
Free=no value.    Got a link to another manufacturer actually using one of the free patents??
I'm giving away dog shit. Want some??
@_date: 2017-07-28 22:00:14
Sure. Or that.
@_date: 2017-07-20 19:06:31
Interesting observation. Thank you for sharing.
@_date: 2017-07-16 02:57:37
Go clean you room!
@_date: 2017-07-25 01:12:15
@_date: 2017-07-07 20:23:03
This has never been asked before and doesn't at all clog the forum.
Have a downvote for not being lazy! and a report for not being a duplicate.
Oh. I'm a lazy lying POS shitposter... this question was only asked 3 hours ago; 
@_date: 2017-07-07 17:10:51
I really don't care to discuss this anymore. I apologize for any insults I threw at you. 
We could continue our discussion and talk about abiotic oil, energy sources and prices, engineering design, government subsidies, unionization, market preferences, and on and on. Point taken on Chevy also receiving subsidies. 
My opinion is valid; No, Tesla is not the future for numerous reasons. From what I've read I don't believe Tesla has a strong future and I speculate it will follow Solyndra.
I don't care whether I am ultimately right or wrong. I can't predict the future. Time will tell.
FWIW I think the Prius and Clarity have a promising future. Toyota and Honda are solid companies IMO.
@_date: 2017-07-21 03:36:10
Thank you.
@_date: 2017-07-30 13:37:09
@_date: 2017-07-28 01:06:54
the two pics you linked are the same pic. Just saying.
@_date: 2017-07-28 21:59:19
I dont have time to find the link for you.
It is basic Bitcoin info. I'm not aware of a single wallet that will allow you to send btc to an invalid address.
Perhaps do a google search for "bitcoin invalid address".
Congrats on your transaction going thru!
@_date: 2017-07-30 02:22:20
Thru the ages wiser words have not been spoken; "Don't store more fiat in the bank than you can afford to lose. "
@_date: 2017-07-30 01:04:26
Let us know how that turns out.  only 30 mins of work....
@_date: 2017-07-07 19:21:19
@_date: 2017-07-22 02:43:08
Here's what I suggest you do first.
Open windows firewall in the windows control panel. Click advanced setting. Near the top left corner click "inbound rules". Then  on the top right side click "new rule". This will open a window. Click the circle next to "port". Select "TCP" and also select "specific port", type in "8333". CLick next. Click "allow connection". Click next. Click  public, private, and domain then click next. Give this rule a name such as "Bitcoin 8333" then click finished.
Restart your computer. Let it boot up, then start your node software.
@_date: 2017-07-31 14:04:13
I predict you are going to have a VERY difficult life.
@_date: 2017-07-01 12:29:35
The best answer Ive found is written in this article by Erik Voorheis; 
Look for the chapters, "Why are bitcoins valuable?" and "No really, WHY are Bitcoins valuable???"
@_date: 2017-07-19 21:36:28
The studies are linked in the article; but since I was correct that you are blind and wouldn't read the link I shared, well here ya go;   
Prove to me you're not a complete retard. WHat peer reviewed journal was that study published in??
So your mom is a baby killer.  Awesome!!  Tell that baby-killing bitch to go back to school would ya?? Or maybe do some continuing education. At a minimum ask her not to have any more kids. She did a horrible job obviously.
Ethylmercury is a neurotoxin.  Your appeals to authority doesn't refute the science. "My mom stabs kids, and my step-dad is a podiatrist", does not make you an authority either, dumbass.  Go ahead and click that link I shared. There are numerous references attached as well, all from peer reviewed journals. Go head you bloody wanker. I'll wait while you eat crow.
When your child develops autism, remember me.  :)      Remember that guy who made a simple enough comment, whom you hurled all kinds of insults at, because you can't understand conflicts of interest, nor basic chemistry. 
Enjoy your autistic child. Don't forget to give your child it's daily dose of aluminum, mercury, and lead. You would be doing the world a favor by not passing on your genes.
@_date: 2017-07-25 02:00:14
@_date: 2017-07-19 06:06:49
I think you may get a better understanding from this video than playing Frogs games; 
Node count is all that matters.  Core has over 80% of nodes. Segwit2x has... i dunno... less than 5%??
This video will explain much as well; 
@_date: 2017-07-07 15:10:33
Why the butthurt? You own Tesla stock??  I suggest you sell that shit. It's dropping as you can see. For good reason too!!
Wrong. Wrong. And yes that metric is useful. There are other useful metrics as well and none of them paint a rosy picture.
@_date: 2017-07-20 23:59:30
Well how do you say such a thing in your country? I'm curious.
@_date: 2017-07-25 01:46:57
You've already received many good answers here.
Simply start over and implement best practices the next go around. You can create billions of paper wallets. You will not run out.
The practice will help. Paranoia is healthy in this space. Start with small amounts. Better to lose $0.50 to mistake/loss/theft than your nest egg amount. 
Google "how to lose bitcoins" or "my bitcoins were stolen" or "safe bitcoin storage" etc etc.
No one knows everything in this space and there are some very smart people trying to steal your coins. Don't let them!!!   Don't rely on answers from redditors. Go use a search engine and read... For days.
@_date: 2017-07-21 00:08:14
Find a reputable seller with good feedback that accepts cash.
Watch the videos mkiwi shared by link.
Read, then read more, then read more. Get off reddit and use a search engine to ask questions of the google oracle. Perhaps start with a search for "bitcoin news". You've got some catching up to do, but if you read diligently you'll be up to speed in 3 days.
@_date: 2017-07-16 05:20:37
@_date: 2017-07-21 02:20:27
What node software are you running?
@_date: 2017-07-28 02:05:49
If the BTC don't arrive it is possible you're a victim of a clipboard attack.
@_date: 2017-07-05 01:19:16
If you post the email exchanges you may get more assistance from reddit.
@_date: 2017-07-09 13:27:57
The question is.... should you trust my judgement??  Maybe you should watch and read as much as you can and arrive at your own conclusion?? I respectfully suggest you do you own due diligence!!!!!!!   Good luck!!
@_date: 2017-07-30 02:35:59
Be patient and work with the vendor.
Be specific and provide an address you want the coins refunded to.
Recognize you are in uncharted waters. Refunds are done manually. Plenty of scammers try to claim unwarranted "refunds".
Be polite, respectful, and patient. You will be made whole. Just don't be an impatient jerk.
All that said perhaps the vendor is a scammer. The communicty here would appreciate your identifying this scammer to us so that we can learn from your unfortunate interaction with the vendor.
Got any more details you're willing to share???
@_date: 2017-07-07 20:36:11
This hasn't been asked before!! 
have a downvote and a report for shitposting.
@_date: 2017-07-21 02:22:52
Thank you for the explanation.
If I understand you correctly, is it your opinion that Segwit will eventually be activated by BIP 141?
@_date: 2017-07-22 04:16:26
Do a web search for "Bitcoin Spam" and read.
Have a downvote for the speculative shitpost.
@_date: 2017-07-07 20:42:52
Use electrum instead. Much more user friendly and less room for operator error.
also have a downvote for clogging the forum with the lazy shitposting.
@_date: 2017-07-20 23:51:33
You're Irish??  ummm...  a wee lassy offered to clean my knob???  How do you say it in your culture? I'm curious.
@_date: 2017-07-28 02:52:38
Everyone, including miners, are disincentivized to leave the majority consensus.
Many players in this space have and will continue to throw tantrums. Yet consensus remains.
@_date: 2017-07-20 04:06:07
The scam is what government tells us. The scam has been ongoing since the 50's.  
I have no interest in scamming you. 
There is much for you to learn.
Start here perhaps; 
The internet is a liberating tool. We can share information in ways that was hitherto impossible.
I'm not asking you to file any particular way...  I suggest you educate yourself by reading the explanation for how people got their names on that list.  They did so by learning and asserting the law. (the "every which way but loose" section is particularly instructive.)  
Were you ever taught the first revenue act was passed in 1862?
Were you ever taught what was held by the Supreme Court in the Springer, Pollack, and Brushaber decisions??
Were you ever taught why the American people passed the 16th Amendment? (maybe you've heard the term Robber Barons??)
Were you ever taught what the difference between imposts, duties, and excises are?
Were you ever shown an example of how our government levied a direct tax? (eight times I believe in all of US history)
Respectfully, I already know the anwer is no. We Americans are slowly but surely waking up to this reclaimed knowledge. Our parents were hoodwinked. We have the internet.
Read in good faith.
*Edit*  The page I shared is a single essay. It is not meant to "prove" anything. However, as your knowledge of this topic grows you will come to understand that essay down to the smallest detail.
On the Bulletin Board page, about halfway down you will find videos produced by real Americans (don't expect anything fancy). You can find these folks. You can talk to them and ask them about their experience. Many of them attend a yearly July 3rd BBQ at the authors house in Michigan. 
You may have found some people from your own state on that list. Ask them if this is a scam... or if the revenue hungry statists are the scammers relying on our complacency and ignorance to perpetuate a scheme against us.
@_date: 2017-07-25 01:34:26
That is a very reasonable comment although I don't care to debate semantics.
Infacticide is real, which in my mind is an example of a parent shirking responsibilities to one of their offspring in favor of another.
Mother Nature doesn't care if a parent is "qualified" by human standards.
While I agree with your sentiment I think licensing is a horrible idea. Parents who fail should fail. This is life. We should not subsidize failure.
Life is not guarenteed to any of us and it is often tragic. If your life is good and your parents took care of you then show them your gratitude.
@_date: 2017-07-19 15:28:51
This is good news. However you are not out of the woods as the danger here is not that coinbase won't deliver, but that thru incomplete knowledge your coins will be lost or stolen.
Keep learning friend! Nice catch on the PM asking for your seed!!
@_date: 2017-07-22 16:06:02
Reminds me of this classic;
My girlfriend is angry with me. "All you care about is Bitcoin", she said. "No", I replied, "there is also Litecoin, Namecoin, and Dash". She started crying.... I don't know if she bought Doge or what... 
@_date: 2017-07-25 01:25:29
Do a web search for "brain wallet" or "hierarchical deterministic" or just "deterministic wallet" to learn about this type of wallet. It is an excellent cold storage wallet (unless you're a woman in Saudi Arabia and are at risk of being beheaded)
Electrum is a very good brain/HD/deterministic wallet.
@_date: 2017-07-25 01:55:30
I suppose I was imagining that a child of bad parents wouldn't grow up ie... like a young primate in a drought sticken area. Sad... but this is life. I guess the sentimentI'm attempting to express is something like; its more merciful to allow a life to end than allow it to continue in a miserable state.  Not that I think we should actively pick and choose and go around ending the lives of children. But I do feel that you are not responsible for subsidizing the life of an innocent child born from failed parents. That said, if you are able to adopt a "bad" child (or 5) and save a few lives I would applaud you!!
Today, we subsidize failures so we have plenty of "bad" children who do grow up to harm other humans.
I think we are in agreement.
I suggest you call your mother and thank her for raising you so well. She will be touched.  :)   I know this.
@_date: 2017-07-20 23:14:43
Don't knock it til you try it.   ;P
@_date: 2017-07-16 06:02:21
@_date: 2017-07-28 04:32:19
Coinbases wallet will reject the transaction even if their website isn't smart enough to reject it.
@_date: 2017-07-07 20:14:54
Buy a lesson on the use of the search box and also on how to read.
Have a downvote, for free!
Thanks for clogging our forum with your shitpost!!
@_date: 2017-07-16 03:13:52
Sell and cut your losses, for 2 reasons.
First, you're not a HODLer.
Second, you are seeking financial advice from Reddit.
On second thought, you should DEFINATELY sell and cut your losses.
ALso I want more cheap coins.
@_date: 2017-07-07 13:44:54
@_date: 2017-07-28 01:45:32
You may not even be liable for taxes.
Check this list;  
@_date: 2017-07-21 17:42:28
This.  OP needs to work on his reading comprehension.
Also the ad clearly states "Accepted everywhere Visa cards are accepted."  OP is a whining butthurt dumbass who doesn't know anything about CCs in Algeria.
Complete shitpost by OP.
@_date: 2017-07-28 22:02:58
HODL them yourself silly!
Watch this video; 
and all the rest of the videos he's produced.
@_date: 2017-07-25 01:16:36
Ask your father to help you learn to use a search engine.
Reading is an invaluable skill in life.
Start here; 
@_date: 2017-07-28 02:29:45
Coinbase gets to keep/sell all the BCC from any BTC in their possession.
If you want the BCC to hold or to sell, immediately or eventually, then get the BTC into your possession, and learn to split the coins safely.
Edit (I am wrong... or not correct at this time); 
@_date: 2017-07-19 05:35:04
Doesn't this also mean most Segwit2x blocks will be rejected by the network as the economic majority (more than 80%) of nodes are Core??
@_date: 2017-07-28 04:34:02
@_date: 2017-07-28 23:25:18
Brush up on the relevant laws here (and get your name on this list!!!)  
@_date: 2017-07-06 05:17:05
Get a job as a dishwasher at your local restaurant and earn some USD.
Read 
Read more, and then read some more, and then never stop reading, and learning, and improving yourself.
The rest will fall into place.
Or you can take on more debt than you can service, or muddle thru life feeling you are owed something from everyone else.
I don't give a flying fuck-all about you or your question. I have no obligations to you. You, however, need to look out for  (yourself) in this life. If you succeed in looking out for  then you can start looking out for  (wifey),  (kids/friends/pets), and so on.
@_date: 2017-07-25 00:54:51
The losers will still get a participation trophy... 
Don't be sad. This is life. Celebrate.
@_date: 2017-07-31 21:09:05
OP you are dealing with two/three separate issues here.
First of all, when you use an address to receive coins, your wallet will automatically give you a new address to receive coins to next. This is to protect your privacy. Address re-use is bad, so the wallets make it easy on your by only letting you use an address once. Every time you receive coins, the wallet will give you a new receiving address. All addresses are part of your wallet, even if your wallet is displaying a new and unused receive address.
All addresses Breakwallet provided to you are in your wallet. There is however one exception to this which I don't think applies in your case. If the 1st BTC was "swept" into the wallet, rather than transferred by way of a transaction, they your wallet seed will not remember the "swept" private/public key pair.
Finally, and I do not mean to minimize or diminish what you are going thru, I want to suggest that you relax and focusing on learning how to use the wallet properly. I suspect either you swept into the wallet a public/private key pair which is not part of your HD seed, or you are not syncing/scanning correctly.
If I am wrong and there is in fact a bug which allows the wallet to simply drop address then I am sorry for your loss. However, based on what you've said so far, I believe the more likely explanation here is, respectfully, user error.
No matter how desperate you get DO NOT give out your seed or private keys to anyone you don't know and trust.
@_date: 2017-07-02 23:01:29
I'm a 250lb guy.  I can't ride small engine motorcycles. I can't wear clothes smaller than XL. I take up a lot of room in hallways.
What's the big deal if I double my size?? There's plenty of room on earth for me. And none of my friends would mind carry my now doubled weight around. I'm just as efficient as ever!!
Shall we find a more efficient way to store transaction data? Or shall we just get a fat blockchain??
@_date: 2017-07-14 00:53:02
If you have to ask then...   SELL!    
@_date: 2017-07-22 03:02:03
Awesome article!!
@_date: 2017-07-04 00:41:21
Interesting timing.
Amazon stock just flash crashed 87%!! 
Is something afoot??
@_date: 2017-07-26 00:57:23
THey say there are no stupid questions but yours sure comes close.  :)
ALWAYS HODL  (at least that all I'm brave enough to do)
Good luck!!  :)  if you do decide to try catching the falling knife
@_date: 2017-07-28 02:37:01
Google, "how to calculate bitcoin transaction fees"
Quit wasting other peoples time.
@_date: 2017-07-29 01:21:49
Have a downvote.
@_date: 2017-07-18 04:23:57
Bullshit.  Fishyshit. Batshit
@_date: 2017-07-18 03:53:18
If I were to donate $50 worth of BTC to you, would you keep it or spend it on LSD?
@_date: 2017-07-07 04:17:10
:)   ok me too.
Here's why bitcoins are valuable and command a price; In addition to being scarce, bitcoins are the first asset by which you have "complete ownership of money both in storage and transfer"!!!
Read that article I linked. I believe it's more intelligent and compelling than the... "argument" offered by the OP.
Lets be intelligent as fuck...   whatever the fuck that means.
@_date: 2017-07-07 18:16:38
@_date: 2017-07-28 04:26:29
Go clean your room.
@_date: 2017-07-07 13:59:24
Hey OP, how's the exchange you built coming along??
@_date: 2017-07-20 22:31:15
Hmmmm.   First of all I am not giving you legal advice. You need to do your own due diligence.
Second, I honestly don't know anything about gifts and write offs. I don't need to bother with all that rigamarole because my name is on the list I linked to earlier.
What I think I do know, for people who don't know how to get on that list, is that until the Bitcoins are sold there are no gains. If I bought and then sold bitcoins on coinbase, they may issue a 1099, which I would need to acknowledge in my filing. Until there is a realized gain, by way of a sale, I don't think coibase would issue a 1099. But if they did, I would need to address it.
@_date: 2017-07-28 23:00:51
It's called etiquette you inconsiderate neanderthal.
Go review r/bitcoinbeginners and learn.    Then bring exciting Bitcoin news to this forum.    Please show some class.
That took me three minutes to generate and share. You should be ashamed of yourself.
@_date: 2017-07-18 04:10:27
I don't have an answer about the broker. But I do have a solution for the tax issue.
@_date: 2017-07-13 22:36:40
Get ready to loose 60 coins. Not because Electrum is insecure, but because you are seeking answers on reddit.  /facepalm
Good luck!!
@_date: 2017-07-21 00:15:46
You know shits crazy when evoorhees is slumming it on reddit.  ;P
@_date: 2017-07-21 01:09:47
I don't know what AB is.
The coins are currently sitting in 1zVf1xZeGrDgTZn9uk2uhEoXKrjPugH21. They have not been spent from that address. This is your LBC address.
@_date: 2017-07-20 19:28:00
Start here, learn how to get your name on this list, 
You need to address every 1099 and w-2 submitted about the monies paid to you by another entity, every year.
If your earnings are under ~10k you don't need to file. This number changes from year to year, usually increasing by a few hundred USD.
Age is irrelevant, especially over 16 years of age.
As others here have said though, if the account is in his name, then a 1099 would probably be issued to him, not you, and he will need to address the 1099.
@_date: 2017-07-14 04:28:03
I don't have time to answer all your questions. I hope someone else does.
In the meantime, I've seen this discussed repeatedly, here and elsewhere.
Good luck! 
*edit* move all your coins to cold storage. This is the best policy. Your coins will be fine there. You may own BTC and alt-BTC after Aug 1st.
*2nd edit* You are solely responsible for acting on anything I wrote. Do your own due diligence. If you want me to be responsible, indicate so, and I will store your coins for you, at 3%/annum.
@_date: 2017-07-07 05:15:01
To drive my point home, I take issue with the economic ignorance displayed in the partyhats/bitcoin comparison. Upon commenting that there are other attributes to take into account, the next person suggests bitcoins aren't fungible.
The economic ignorance is astounding and I care enough to try to correct it. Or at least discuss it. So, respectfully, I suggest you read the link I shared and learn about sound money. Scarcity is just one attribute of sound money.
@_date: 2017-07-25 02:06:17
I don't disagree that parents have an obligation to their children.
I surmise you will make a better parent than most.
Still, do parents "owe" their children something? Or are parents hardwired to care for their offspring??
Some species simply spawn then abandon their young. These species are characterized by having tens of thousands of young, and simply relying on nature to ensure a few survive and the species is perpetuated.
Due to the fact that humans take so long to mature, maybe I would tend to agree that parents owe it to themselves to care for their young, if they want their offspring to survive and thrive. 
@_date: 2017-07-13 22:32:17
Have a downvote for being stoopid.
@_date: 2017-07-07 01:30:38
Sure. Google.com
If you want to pay me .002btc for my time I will be your personal mentor for 10 minutes.
Here's a freebee,  nothing I said has anything to do with hypocritical religious show of morality.
@_date: 2017-07-22 03:51:50
First, "Currently there is no consensus whether this problem is real," and "The relevance to Bitcoin is a hypothetical market failure that might happen in the far future".
Second, costs to transact across LN will be very cheap whereas the cost of on chain (BTC) transactions will be very expensive. You assume BTC transaction fees will be low because of LN. I assume they will be very high on the settlement layer (BTC). I assume we will see millions if not trillions of microtransactions on the LN layer. These compete to be settled on the settlement layer (BTC). There will be competition to fill a 1mb block on the settlement layer... when we need to settle the trillions of microtransactions occuring on the LN layer.
Third, we have over 100 years to solve this problem.  
@_date: 2017-07-31 20:50:51
A bitcoin costs $3000. I borrow it from you, spend it, and within 3 days Bitcoin appreciates to $3500.
What is the likelihood that I default?
@_date: 2017-07-31 21:14:26
You asked, "Anything I should be aware of going forward?"
The answer to that question depends on whether you are verified or not, which would also determine how many coins you are allowed to purchase, and also how soon you could expect a response from customer service.
Also are you over 18 years old? (considered a legal adult)?
@_date: 2017-07-31 02:31:07
@_date: 2017-07-19 23:54:57
:)  
Know this; Ethylmercury is a neurotoxin;  
If you want to know why Ethylmercury left 34% of Hg in infant primate brains whereas Methylmercury (the dangerous one according to CDC) only left 7% in infant primate brains....   I suggest you go ask mom and dad.
Before I go... you keep suggesting that vaccines are the savior of humanity; check out this information. Or don't. Neither I nor mother nature care if you inform yourself. The herd gets stronger by way of selection pressures, not easy living, nor by substituting one disease for another.
 
Goodbye, and good luck with your decision. I hope your child doesn't suffer from a debilitating, permanent, horrific, condition.
@_date: 2017-07-24 21:50:15
Lending out BTC is the opposite of HODLing.
Learn from the lesson you are soon to experience.
@_date: 2017-07-21 00:54:41
Please run virus/malware scan and report back with the results; malwarebytes.com (free version) and Windows Defender (comes stock on your computer). Please update definitions before running these two scanners.
@_date: 2017-07-22 14:55:59
localbitcoins.com from a reputable seller with lots of trades and need 100% positive feedback rating.
I would have 2FA set up on my LBC account.   THen after 24 hours I would move my coins to an Electrum wallet I set up on a secure computer.  If I was really thorough I would set up a watch only wallet.
@_date: 2017-07-07 01:36:46
@_date: 2017-07-31 14:08:00
@_date: 2017-07-30 01:13:28
@_date: 2017-07-28 02:22:18
You may find the answer by learning how these people got their names on this list; 
@_date: 2017-07-07 05:41:17
lol. Fine by me.
@_date: 2017-07-23 22:36:09
MWB identified it as riskware. MWB can not identify whether the miner on your computer is working for you, or for a remote malicious party.
@_date: 2017-07-05 01:16:18
Where are you attempting to withdraw from? 
@_date: 2017-07-24 22:10:57
This may be the best discussion I've come across; 
Here's a technical explanation; 
@_date: 2017-07-28 04:05:11
Well there are Casascius coins or Opendime
@_date: 2017-07-22 06:56:54
Good stuff.  MUUUUUUUUN incoming!!   (also separation)
@_date: 2017-07-10 03:08:22
As other said, please use the search feature next time.
I would also add; TRY IT!!!!  Set up a spread sheet, track costs, and share you experience. (DON'T BE LAZY!!!)
@_date: 2017-07-21 01:40:10
Core software v0.14.2 isn't enforcing Segwit?   I'm off to find this answer but if anyone is willing to enlighten me I am appreciative.
@_date: 2017-07-20 04:44:06
I believe the answer is yes although it's been quit a while since I read up on this topic.
I believe in bitcoin.conf you can define how many connections to accept.
@_date: 2017-07-19 02:03:39
New video on this topic posted 8 hours ago.
@_date: 2017-07-07 20:20:08
Thanks for clogging the forum, shitposter!
number 9 at google results looks particularly relevant to your shitpost.
@_date: 2017-07-30 02:33:14
See here; 
@_date: 2017-07-04 00:11:42
Excellent answer!   Thank you for correcting me, teaching me, and giving us this detailed explanation.
@_date: 2017-07-19 01:04:13
Bitcoin is scarce and has utility. Nothing has intrinsic value. Everything humans value is valued subjectively. Everything is priced by humans based on scarcity and utility.
The same quacks who invented the term "intrinsic value" also think John Maynard Keynes was a god, that margarine is healthier than butter, that chemotherapy is the best treatment for cancer, etc etc.  Quack quack.
@_date: 2017-07-04 00:36:45
Your retort doesn't excuse your character flaws.
Two persons have now offered you valuable resources. Yet you spit on them.
@_date: 2017-07-20 23:08:47
You got the ballz of a true HODLER! 
Welcome to the club!!!
Promotions for everyone!!
@_date: 2017-07-28 03:01:58
I doubt you will be able to convince poloniex that you sent the btc to the wrong address (or were a victim or a clipboard attack)... rather than simply sending it elsewhere and claiming you sent the btc to the wrong address. Poloniex has no way to know if your telling the truth or lying. Poloniex is not responsible for your security on your laptop. I think the answer is, probably not.
If you can show that you sent the coins to the address they provided, and that they control that address, you may be able to convince them the mistake is on their end.
@_date: 2017-07-20 00:30:13
I did not. Maybe I got some RL karma though.
@_date: 2017-07-07 04:41:58
Let me guess....
Because Coinbase doesn't let customers deposit tainted coins, you think bitcoins aren't fungible??
@_date: 2017-07-28 02:51:06
wp  ;p
@_date: 2017-07-16 02:55:16
Just lol at OP.
@_date: 2017-07-24 01:20:50
Call your debit card issuer and ask them what the address associated with the debit card is.
@_date: 2017-07-04 01:17:55
@_date: 2017-07-14 01:11:31
Perhaps you're not a completely lost cause, although I still doubt your interwebz abilitiez. Here is your reward for kindergarten level spell-checking; 
@_date: 2017-07-07 15:02:46
So you like the Chevy volt as well??
@_date: 2017-07-30 02:24:39
OP is wise.
Also, 
@_date: 2017-07-20 23:22:03
Praise Kek!
@_date: 2017-07-21 00:58:40
a public address looks like this; 1zVf1xZeGrDgTZn9uk2uhEoXKrjPugH21 (starts with a 1 in Bitcoin)
A TXid (transaction id) looks like this 035ef328d82634656520e269a7c3afe305b79c23d32eaa4ac0be64c1ae9393fcce
So what was the public address you intended to use to receive the coins at coinb.in from LBC?
It appears to me the coins are still sitting at 1zVf1xZeGrDgTZn9uk2uhEoXKrjPugH21, there is only one transaction involving this address and no coins held in this address have been spent.
according to blockexplorer.com the TXid 035ef328d82634656520e269a7c3afe305b79c23d32eaa4ac0be64c1ae9393fcce does not exist.
This could mean that the transaction is in the mempool waiting to be accepted into a block. Amatorfati can you shed some light? Would an unconfirmed transaction (with accompanying TXid) not appear on a block explorer if it hasn't been included in a block? Or would the transaction appear in a blockexplorer as existing but having no confirmations?
@_date: 2017-07-16 06:25:11
The video posted one week ago titled, "Is Bitcoin a Democracy" was good IMO.
@_date: 2017-07-28 03:45:39
From the scant information you share here, I don't believe you have anything to worry about. Your coins from mining are still going into your wallet and to the address you directed Nicehash to send them to.
You didn't lose your first address. 
I suggest you read up on "address reuse" to learn why Electrum (and most other wallets) has a "change address" button.  
@_date: 2017-07-28 22:01:37
no. you are thinking of r/bitcoinbeginners
Now read the side bar rules and get off my lawn!
@_date: 2017-07-30 04:12:35
Pearls before swine...
@_date: 2017-07-07 15:09:32
Agreed, generally, although there is one point I think we disagree on. 
"I'm not sure Poloniex should be considered in a teething problem stage considering its age"
I don't disagree completely as they have been around for years. But they have not been onboarding new customers at 1million new customers/month for years.
To the contrary, it seems reasonable to me that they didn't invest in solutions to problems they didn't have. These problems just arose and I believe the problems relate to the humongous number of new customers trying to use the exchanges.
Respectfully, I suggest we will always have growing pains, just as the internet does. But look at the growth of the internet!!
It didn't die, but it has been painful at times. But look where we've gotten ourselves!!
@_date: 2017-07-19 03:30:44
Is there a private key on the receipt or something??   I don't mean to bust your privacy or security. Just offering a suggestion.
I haven't ever bought from an BTM.
Just based off the OP,  you may be checking the wrong wallet/address??
The coins should be in the public/private key pair provided by the BTM??  I don't see how the coins would've gotten from the BTM to a bitcoin.com wallet unless you swept them into that wallet.
What is the public address the coins were sent to by the BTM??
@_date: 2017-07-31 05:00:59
google "aantonop" and watch his youtube videos.
@_date: 2017-07-07 05:03:00
I take umbrance with the very first line where retard says "this is the best comparison we can make", then retard goes on to discuss scarcity only, even going so far as to discount utility.  Pure ignorance on display and such poor reasoning which will only mislead others with such uncritical thought.
Compare the discussion offered by OP to the link I provided. Honestly, which one do you think is a better discussion of the value proposition of bitcoins?? Which one should we be sharing with people??; Get rich cuz bitcoins will perform like partyhats did because they're both scarce and its early as fuck?? or an educated and level headed discussion of the properties and attributes of sound money??
I never once said bitcoins are superior to partyhats, and I think we both agree on that anyway. Its the very poor use of a very shallow comparison, which the retard says "is the best comparison in the world we can make" which I have issue with.
Pretentiousness doesn't begin to describe whoever wrote the bitcoin/partyhats analogy. That person has a lot to learn and that is obvious to me.
I like the spirit. I think that person is onto something. But the explanation and comparison is severely lacking.
Believe it or not I'm attempting to educate here. There is more to bitcoins value than its scarcity. There are better ways to explain BTC value proposition than a simple comparison to another scarce item.
@_date: 2017-07-30 02:27:01
I'm jelly!!!! Serious question...  how do you keep the women from mobbing you???
So cool!!!!
@_date: 2017-07-19 14:40:36
Nothing you quoted refutes anything I've said or linked to. I'm sure the gov't bureaucracy you've quoted is just as efficient and caring as the DMV, o rmaybe they just don't update their website as....  they're a bureaucracy.
Enjoy your Autistic child.
   "Choose reduced-calorie margarine spread for toast rather than butter or stick margarine"...       just lol...
You are probably not intelligent enough to comprehend this (it's spelled Herd and you don't know what an anion is) plus your myopia will prevent you from agreeing with me,... anyway I suggest you give this a read before you start stabbing your newborn, 
Finally, an apology would be nice as I just saved your childs life, but I don't expect retards to apologize for their condition. You're excused now.
@_date: 2017-07-20 19:17:54
The Bitcoin Store was set up by Roger Ver. It was one of the first attempts to create a market for spending bitcoins. I don't believe it really went anywhere.
I know nothing about allthingsdecentral.com
@_date: 2017-07-19 01:12:40
You fucked up. You could've bought about 20 Bitcoins.  Take the truck back and get your huffy in good shape. In 3 years time buy yourself 5 Tundras. And 4 move wives.
@_date: 2017-07-21 01:28:20
You're welcome. I'm not sure how I was able to help but if you found your coins then I'm happy for you.
@_date: 2017-07-19 13:53:22
RemindMe! 5 years "I feel sad that your newborn will eventually be autistic.  :("
@_date: 2017-07-28 02:44:38
If you don't have the private keys you don't own them.
Probably best not to move the coins at this time.
@_date: 2017-07-24 21:55:06
This is correct. Despite the high fee, Coinbase bundles transactions so your withdrawal will probably not get broadcast to the network immediately.   My most recent withdrawal (yesterday) took 1.5hrs before it showed up on the network.
As others have said, the send max button automatically deducts fees. Coinbase will not let you set the fee. You can only set the amount to withdraw then they calculate the fee they want.
@_date: 2017-07-21 01:18:28
When you write LBC, do you mean localbitcoins.com?
Please don't be insulted by the next questions. Do you understand the difference between private key and public address? Do you understand what a public/private key pair is?
@_date: 2017-07-18 04:50:59
@_date: 2017-07-22 03:16:58
Got anything more substantial than an ad hominem??
Not all routers can be automatically configured by Core. Mine can't which is why I am able to help OP.
Yours probably was so you don't know what you're talking about.
"Home connections are usually filtered by a router or modem. Bitcoin Core will request your router automatically configure itself to allow inbound connections to Bitcoin’s port, port 8333. Unfortunately many routers don’t allow automatic configuration, so you must manually configure your router. You may also need to configure your firewall to allow inbound connections to port 8333. Please see the following subsections for details."
Ths is why I'm better than you.
@_date: 2017-07-14 00:51:13
This is asked 100 times/day.  Use the search box.
@_date: 2017-07-04 00:05:14
That's a broad question.
Start learning here;
@_date: 2017-07-04 00:50:54
Coinbase is inundated with more customers than they can handle; 
Coinbase is actively looking to hire customer service reps; 
Wait patiently, peruse this forum as others have had issues and CB customer service will eventually get to you, or perhaps pay a small premium and find a local seller on localbitcoins.com to get your coins quicker with one on one individualized attention from the seller.
Coinbase customer service is responsive. There are just too many people who need assistance and too few customer service reps. I can understand CBs position. I doubt they predicted gaining 1,000,000 new customers over the last month.
@_date: 2017-07-07 03:17:05
Party hats are purely cosmetic. Bitcoins have utility in addition to being scarce, unlike party hats which are only scarce and do not have utility.
Partyhats are not divisible, portable, fungible, or even durable. But they are scarce.
@_date: 2017-07-19 03:53:38
I agree.  I got lost on this statement though; "they fork themselves". I just can't parse that.  To me it reads as conflicting with "Nodes define consensus in Bitcoin", which I agree with.
Not trying to be critical. I'm trying to understand your otherwise excellent explanation. I'm also not sure if you're referring to user nodes or mining nodes when you write "they fork themselves".  I believe you meant mining nodes??
@_date: 2017-07-16 02:40:35
OP is correct.
OP should divest himself of all cryptoassets and purchase metals.
Metals have a 6000 year history. Bitcoin has a 6 year history.
Look around, all you cryptodumbasses.  We're no different from cavemen, Incas, and pilgrims.
*edit*  BTC went from 0-$2000 in 6 years.     Gold went from 0-$1250 in 6000 years.         OP is even more correct!!!
@_date: 2017-07-07 20:10:23
Look at the right side of the page. Scroll down a bit and you will see a section entitled "community guidelines".
There you will read the following, "Begging/asking for bitcoins is absolutely not allowed, no matter how badly you need the bitcoins. Only requests for donations to large, recognized charities are allowed, and only if there is good reason to believe that the person accepting bitcoins on behalf of the charity is trustworthy."
I'll give you a free downvote for your shitpost.
And here's some advice; 
@_date: 2017-07-31 04:16:54
Try running armory as administrator.
@_date: 2017-07-28 01:18:02
Since the risk of theft and loss is so high, I would recommend to anyone lacking the requisite knowledge and skills to forego Bitcoin for now.
@_date: 2017-07-26 00:17:27
This. ^^
@_date: 2017-07-03 02:59:21
Doesn't Segwit eliminate the transaction malleability bug?
@_date: 2017-07-20 00:56:49
There's only one way (with multiple shades) that this story could get any better...
Cool story OP. Well played.
Someday I will find a nice girl who appreciates me for my bitcoin knowledge.  *sigh*
@_date: 2017-07-18 04:32:50
@_date: 2017-07-19 15:33:18
Delete electrum and reinstall.
When prompted enter your seed.
When prompted next enter a new passphrase.
Send coins from newly installed wallet which is secured by your seed and by the newly set passphrase.
(simply deleting the software may not be sufficient. You may need to go to the appropriate folder and delete the default wallet/wallet.dat file manually as on my Windows machine anyway uninstill does not remove ALL Electrum files.)
(You can always recover your wallet by using the seed. When you recover a wallet with a seed you are always prompted to create a passphrase. The seed is persistent, the passphrase is only good on that particular installation and doesn't "follow" the seed)
Is this clear??
Here's a bonus.
Create an Electrum wallet/seed on an offline computer. Go to "options" then Master Public Key. Copy this MPK into a txt document and copy this onto a USB drive. Then attach the thumb drive to your everyday use computer. Boot up ELectrum on your everyday computer but instead of entering your seed, enter the MPK. A "watch only wallet" will thus be created which CAN NOT spend bitcoins.  This is the safest most secure way to do cold storage with ELectrum. In this way you can monitor all your balances and receive coins, without having to worry about malware stealing your wallet file or a keylogger stealing your seed.  Transactions can be signed by creating a transaction in the Watch-only wallet, then taking the transaction, by way of thumbdrive, to the offline computer for signing.
Is this clear??
Learn Electrum inside and out. In my opinion it is a very good and powerful wallet.
@_date: 2017-07-22 06:08:33
look into shapeshift.io     Sorry I cant be of more assistance.
@_date: 2017-07-21 01:14:08
 I don't use coinb.in wallet and I dont know what "linked" or "connected" means.
What I can tell from looking at a block explorer is that the public address 1zVf1xZeGrDgTZn9uk2uhEoXKrjPugH21 has a balance of 0.27437344 BTC and it appears those coins have not been spent in another transaction, neither confirmed nor unconfirmed.
When you write LBC, do you mean localbitcoins.com?
The TXid 035ef328d82634656520e269a7c3afe305b79c23d32eaa4ac0be64c1ae9393fcce does not exist. yet.
@_date: 2017-07-23 22:41:01
@_date: 2017-07-22 14:27:06
Check out these two discussions;
@_date: 2017-07-07 13:41:33
Nice ad hominem. You have deftly proven me wrong and elevated the discourse here to a new level.
Listen to this retard talk about sea shells as money and utility; 
You are a dolt.
@_date: 2017-07-30 03:47:50
FWIW I think you are making a good decision. No need to malign someone who is attempting to serve customers.   Give them some time to address this issue. I doubt they want to screw you or anyone else over. They probably are on the phone with Bitpay right now asking, "uhhhhhh, we accepted BTC and we need to issue a refund but we have no idea how"...
If in the end they do not behave honorably then by all means expose them and their shady ways. Until then follow the golden rule and all will be well.
*edit* I thought RC referred to Remote Control cars. Upon clicking the link you provided I see I was mistaken. lol. None the less... the golden rule is generally a good one to uphold.
@_date: 2017-07-19 01:20:42
Care to scan and share your receipts with us?? Perhaps we could learn and also be more helpful?   This could be a big PSA.
@_date: 2017-07-31 13:11:11
I found this; 
@_date: 2017-07-29 00:27:09
How do you know this is his address?
How do you know this is his only address?
@_date: 2017-07-07 14:11:10
You are correct, none of the articles I posted attempt to predict the future.
But they do demonstrate why Tesla is in dire straits. Even the link you shared discusses why Tesla is nothing special.
Combine your article with the ones I shared and it becomes apparent that Tesla can't stand on it's own and I THINK, will not survive. Tesla can't even give away it's patented tech for free. (see the article I shared about other manufacturers developing their own electric vehicles.)
FWIW, I don't think sharing an article from the Tesla Echo Chamber is very convincing of its grand future prospects.
@_date: 2017-07-14 02:00:40
I doubt it. Most likely the AB coins are locked/hidden/gone and MAY eventually end up sold by the Authorities.
If the coins are gone (admin committed suicide?!?) then the supply of coins is reduced.
Addicts will eat the loss and get more coins to feed their habits; (sadly) they're addicts. 
Decreased supply and (from the addicts) regular/increased demand = increase in price.
In my mind, the recent BTC drop would've been more severe were it not for the addicts steady demand for coins.
@_date: 2017-07-17 23:52:28
Go clean your room.
@_date: 2017-07-10 03:09:57
You are a hero. Thank you for your contribution!!!
@_date: 2017-07-13 22:24:12
I wouldn't take legal advice from ddbbccoopper either. He's never read the law for himself.
   
@_date: 2017-07-07 17:50:17
14xEPWuHC3ybPMfv8iTZZ29UCLTUSoJ8HL  (not my address)
@_date: 2017-07-20 23:45:52
The old lady offered me a blowjob.
Could today get any better?!?
@_date: 2017-07-20 19:03:58
The issue is that many exchanges have wavers absolving them of this very issue.
You agree to everything below because you use their service. If you didn't read the TOS that is your own issue.
See the Poloniex TOS. Here's   You're SOL.
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold Poloniex, its affiliates and service providers, and each of their respective officers, directors, agents, joint venturers, employees, and representatives, harmless from any claim or demand (including attorneys’ fees and costs and any fines, fees or penalties imposed by any regulatory authority) arising out of or related to (i) your breach of these Terms, (ii) your use of Services, or (iii) your violation of any law, rule, or regulation, or the rights of any third party.
DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTEES
POLONIEX PROVIDES NO GUARANTEE AS TO THE PERFORMANCE OR THE UNINTERRUPTED AVAILABILITY OF THE SERVICES. THE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS," "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. POLONIEX DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT WITH RESPECT TO THE SERVICES. POLONIEX DOES NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT THE SERVICES AND THE INFORMATION CONTAINED THEREIN ARE ACCURATE, COMPLETE, RELIABLE, CURRENT OR ERROR-FREE. POLONIEX WILL MAKE REASONABLE EFFORTS TO ENSURE THAT TRANSACTIONS ON THE PLATFORM ARE PROCESSED IN A TIMELY FASHION, BUT MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES WITH RESEPCT TO THE AMOUNT OF TIME NEEDED TO PROCESS SUCH TRANSACTIONS. BECAUSE CRYPTOCURRENCY TRANSFERS ON AND OFF THE PLATFORM ARE DEPENDENT UPON MANY FACTORS OUTSIDE OF OUR CONTROL, POLONIEX MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES REGARDING THE SUCCESS OF, OR THE AMOUNT OF TIME NEEDED FOR, CRYPTOCURRENCY TRANSACTIONS.
SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE DISCLAIMER OF IMPLIED TERMS IN CONTRACTS WITH CONSUMERS, SO SOME OR ALL OF THE DISCLAIMERS IN THIS SECTION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, POLONIEX SHALL HAVE NO LIABILITY FOR ANY DAMAGES OF ANY KIND (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR TORT DAMAGES, OR LOST PROFITS) IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES, EVEN IF POLONIEX HAS BEEN ADVISED OR IS AWARE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. IN NO EVENT WILL POLONIEX’S LIABILITY FOR MONEY DAMAGES UNDER THESE TERMS EXCEED THE AMOUNT OF FEES RECEIVED FROM YOU DURING THE PRECEDING SIX (6) MONTH PERIOD.
@_date: 2017-07-07 16:31:42
Wasteful design lol....  The Tesla takes 2 days to charge and can only go half the distance of the Volt, and requires subsidies to achieve this performance.
The joke is that a redditor doesn't recognize the Volt as an engineering masterpiece and also worships Musk to the point of myopia. I have no doubt you could build a better vehicle.   lol
Pontificate much??
@_date: 2017-07-21 02:04:22
Thank you. That explanation makes sense, meaning I was able to comprehend it.   Now we just need an expert to confirm that your explanation is accurate.   :)
I'm conflicted. I want to run a node enforcing Segwit, but I do not want to run a node produced by anyone other than Core at this time.
I guess we will have to wait for 95% of miners to signal support for Segwit (BIP 141) for Core to enforce segwit?? 
@_date: 2017-07-14 05:19:49
Ask and you shall receive!
Now get the F*CK off my lawn!
@_date: 2017-07-21 14:59:22
Did you get your node up and running?
@_date: 2017-07-07 19:20:09
or offer a bounty
or try to learn how to use a search engine
Good luck!!
@_date: 2017-07-28 03:25:22
You are very close to answering you're own question with this statement, "I'm aware of other coins that do this but they don't seem to have gained any traction." Also you think PoW is performing useless calculations.
Combine those two ideas above and search for the reason why PoW is not as you think.
"I'm also interested in choosing an algorithm that better incentivizes improvements to general purpose computing hardware." Now that we have ASICs how long do you think it will be before we have general purpose computing hardware with ASICs incorporated?? Is it more or ess expensive to make ASICs now because of Bitcoin? Whats stopping these from being added to CPUs??
Respectfully, it seems to me your thoughts are half-baked.
@_date: 2017-07-28 03:54:08
@_date: 2017-07-25 01:08:14
maybe coinmarketcap.com is what you seek.
@_date: 2017-07-07 15:21:05
Only a fanboy with myopic tunnel vision would say such a thing.
This is the future, 
@_date: 2017-07-24 21:58:25
OP, as others here have stated, this *could* be related to "tracing".    Do you re-use addresses?
Perhaps learn to spend specific coins, move your balance to a new address, and send that .00000001 into oblivion. 
@_date: 2017-07-22 04:13:04
Yup. Retarded.
@_date: 2017-07-07 01:22:45
How lazy are these millennials??!! WTF!!
Reddit should be called TooLazyToReadIt
OP doesn't even say please. Just whines about how helpless he is.
@_date: 2017-07-25 05:26:16
Respectfully, you are missing something.
@_date: 2017-07-21 01:30:27
Private key.  :)   Public address.   :)       transaction ID.   :)   unless private code is a coinb.in term I'm not familiar with. Regardless,
Good luck friend.
@_date: 2017-07-29 13:26:03
just enough info to make them comfortable purchasing btc.
Everyone likes a freebie. Give them a freebie to get them started purchasing from your atm. If they want more info they gotta pay for your expect consulting.
SOunds great to me!
@_date: 2017-07-28 03:08:17
Exchanges are just one type of market. There are many ways to acquire and dispose of btc outside of exchanges.
@_date: 2017-07-21 00:41:08
How many coins did you buy from the automated teller machine?
What is the public address you intended to send the coins to... from the automated machine into your LBC account?
What is the public address you intended to send the coins to.. from your LBC account into you coinb.in account?
I am looking at    attempting to decipher it.
@_date: 2017-07-18 04:08:18
lol. AWESOME
@_date: 2017-07-07 04:29:43
lol.    I provided a link to an actual discussion wherein the value proposition of bitcoins are explained using well known and understood economic concepts. 
You suggest we buy bitcoins simply because they are scarce, like partyhats from a videogame....    /slowclap
This is incorrect. Bitcoins are valuable because bitcoins have numerous attributes which make them useful as money. Scarcity is only one of these attributes.
April 2012 was "early as fuck".  These autists are late to the party with their partyhats. The price of a bitcoin has already jumped 7 orders of magnitude. It might just 6 orders more, over a long time period.
@_date: 2017-07-07 20:08:16
Yes. absolutely.
Whatever you do, dont do a search here for "coinbase" to see the answers already given to this question which has been asked 10,000 times already.
Have a downvote.
@_date: 2017-07-28 23:40:09
perhaps send the coins to the new wallet by transaction rather than import them.  send it without a TX fee. I bet it will still clear in less than 3 hrs.
@_date: 2017-07-14 01:57:55
try here, 
@_date: 2017-07-16 05:23:23
Use a search engine and read. 
I suggest you read this, 
@_date: 2017-07-04 03:29:15
Substitute Wal Thornhill for Neil Degrasse Tyson, Ron Paul for John Oliver, David Sloan Wilson for Bill Maher, and again, Wallace Thornhill for Bill Nye.
The answers you seek are out there. Good luck.
@_date: 2017-07-31 03:02:16
try a google search for "list lost bitcoins".
@_date: 2017-07-28 23:32:18
I suggest;
lower your fees (you suggested this is negligible but I might disagree. You are competing against every bitcoin seller, not just local atms.) and
coinmap.org and
offer free BTC educational classes from 7-8pm three nights/week
@_date: 2017-07-07 03:25:38
OP, a search engine is your friend.
@_date: 2017-07-06 05:11:49
So is your frustration with Bitcoin?  or with nicehash??
PS. I hope you win big!!!
PPS. I hope you set some of your BTC winnings aside in savings and win the long game as well.
@_date: 2017-07-15 13:15:15
I didn't make sweeping generalizations. You are reading more into my words than I wrote. Did I ever write miserable or destitute?? Did I write "all users are addicts"?
Let me remind you this is r/bitcoin. I didn't come here to discuss the intricacies of addiction. 
Do you deny there is a neurotransmitter we call dopamine that is part of our bodies? "Psychology" requires a BIOLOGICAL nervous system and neurotransmitters! Emotions are.... EMOTIVE, they CAUSE US TO MOVE OUR WHOLE BIOLOGICAL BEING!  Fear moves us to fight or flight, using the BIOLOGICAL neurotransmitter acetylcholine. Dopamine moves us to seek "reward".
Here's some actual psychology for ya;  
You need to do more learning grasshopper. Both book wise and life experience. Here's a sweeping generalization for ya, which is true; We are all addicts. Some humans seek reward from drugs since they don't get reward thru human interaction. This has nothing to do with legality, this has to do with our nervous systems and evolutionary biology.
Finally, LOL at, "meth users still are not addicts" and LOL You cite a report that discusses first time users (a very small and unrepresentative data set as it is limited in the ACTUAL report to "year-before-last initiates). Do you even science?!?  Regardless, show me some data that shows that the billions of sales made on DMs are to first time users. Or that the items purchased on DMs go to first time users.
"Until we re-frame our understanding of drug addiction as more often the consequence of social evils than their root cause, then we are doomed to misdirect our energy and resources towards blaming the outcasts and the vulnerable for their plight".     I couldn't agree more and this doesnt contradict anything I wrote. Interestingly though, social outcasts rarely get addicted to say gambling, or porn, or blueberries.
Go argue with a mirror.  You are arguing from an emotional position and don't even understand what you are saying, let alone my words.
@_date: 2017-07-25 02:33:32
If you're going to use Electrum for long term storage then I suggest you follow BEST BEST practice.
Create an electrum wallet on an offline computer. Write down your 12 words.   GO to "options", "master public key", copy the long string of characters into a txt file.
Transfer the text file onto a thumbdrive. Attach the thumbdrive to your online computer. Boot electrum on the online computer, DO NOT create a new wallet, instead select "restore wallet" then "Master public key".
Now you have a "watch only wallet" which will allow you to check balances, obtain new public addresses, and more. However, from the watch only wallet, you CANNOT send your bitcoins. And no hacker can steal your keys because they are not in any way shape or form attached to your watch only wallet.
Using this method your private keys are NEVER exposed to the internet... PERIOD.
If you want to spend some coins you can create a transaction on your oline computer, safe the file, move it by thumbdrive to your offline computer, have electrum on the offline computer sign the transaction, save the file, move it by thumbdrive back to the online computer, then broadcast it to the network.
Electrum is awesome if you learn how to use the BEST practices it offers.
@_date: 2017-07-21 14:17:09
I suggest you not try to convince anyone of anything. Rather, simply say in their presence, "I bought more Bitcoins" or "my bitcoins went up by xx%" etc., then focus on the friends that ask the right questions and want more info.
It is said, "When the student is ready the master appears". You are a master... Don't waste your time on people who you want to be students, when they are in fact not ready to be students. IMO you are wasting your time trying to teach BTC to people who aren't ready to be students. When they are ready to be students then you can teach them.
Let them demonstrate interest and curiosity, then teach them. Don't sell them on Bitcoin if they're not interested on their own.
Just sit back and let them come to you. The added bonus is they will come to respect you and think you are a really cool forward thinking genius.
You don't catch a fish by convincing it to eat your worm. Dangle the worm and let the hungry fish come to you.
@_date: 2017-07-07 20:18:51
This is the kind of shitposting I expect from bitcointalk.org
Thanks for clogging the forum!!
@_date: 2017-07-28 02:26:07
You should learn to make decisions for yourself and accept responsibility for the decisions you make.
None of us can tell the future either...
@_date: 2017-07-19 06:18:10
"If there are enough Segwit2x nodes around...they will be fine".   You may be correct on this. I don't know.
"Just remember that node count only matters if they are doing useful work"   In response to this I suggest you watch the videos I shared to see the work nodes are doing.
Like you I want BTC to thrive. Like you I've been in this space quite a while.   Until Frogs "method" which I found to be a major turn off... I wasn't compelled to understand nodes.   Not I think I have a clearer vision of BTC future.
CHeck out those two videos. Lemme know what you think.  :)
*edit*  and get ready to run a Lightning Channel thingy.  :)  :)   :)     Racking hardware is easy.   Maintaining software is hard.     Nodes&gt;&gt;Miners
*edit*2  New data just posted here; 
*edit* 3  I'm not sharing this link for the 148 comments, but for his final statement which I found myself agreeing with,    "Segwit, Lightning, and a blocksize increase would all add up to these"
@_date: 2017-07-31 14:16:56
"I'm not whining"    LOLOLOL      
@_date: 2017-07-07 15:12:57
Actually it's called logic.
The difference between Tesla and Chevy is hype.
@_date: 2017-07-19 13:13:35
Enjoy your Chemo and Autism Friend.  :)
@_date: 2017-06-13 21:34:15
I see this and you are welcome.
Good luck.
Read, read more, and read even more.
Be careful.
@_date: 2017-07-29 02:46:20
Point taken. Just look at the BTC-e guy.  Question is... did the authorities acquire any coins??
@_date: 2017-07-22 06:59:30
Watch these, 
and HODL!
Stick with Core.
@_date: 2017-07-24 21:45:59
I've heard Jaxx wallet enables this. However IIRC Jaxx wallet had an issue about a month ago. Nothing serious but worth reading up on.
This whole space is new.  Eventually someone will make a strong secure implementation of what you are asking for. Jaxx is on its way but maybe not perfect yet.  @_date: 2017-07-21 03:34:31
Thanks for the correction. Agreed, BTC1 is not BIP91 enforcing node software.
I can't even find Segsignal. Not that I would actually switch from Core to Segsignal.
@_date: 2017-07-10 02:59:31
The same question is going to be asked 10 times tomorrow. then 10 times again the day after. Then another 50 times the day after that.
Does anyone use the search box?!?!?
Here's what you seek,    Now get off my lawn!!!
@_date: 2017-06-16 10:02:08
Google is your friend.
@_date: 2017-06-14 03:06:04
I agree. And I believe we will get there.   Bitcoin is still experimental/ in development. Give the smart people a chance to impliment a workable solution.
@_date: 2017-06-14 01:23:59
Send the remaining balance to another wallet. Don't include a transaction fee at all.   It may take a few days for the transaction to be included in a block though.
Transaction fee don't depend on nor reflect the number of prior transactions from your wallet whatsoever.
The fee for any given transaction is estimated based on the number of transactions waiting to get into a block.
Imagine a line of people waiting to enter a concert. You can get in line for free ($0.00 fee) and wait for your turn to enter the concert or you can budge in line near the beginning for a fee.   Every single transaction you create, you get to decide whether you want that transaction to wait patiently in line, or budge to the front for a small fee.  
PS. Just say no.
@_date: 2017-07-07 14:44:14
I saw an article just now which stated that all exchanges are being complained about. I realize this sucks for the users/customers. These are growing pains though and from my perspective suggests a very promising future!
@_date: 2017-07-21 02:40:11
I think what was suggested above by Theymos is that running BIP 148 is equivalent to running SegSignal and already has larger a larger number of users running it. Very few users are running Segsignal, apparently.   Not that this means much but I can;t even find Segsignal or BIP 91 node software. (edit nvm I think I found it... called BTC1)
@_date: 2017-07-03 03:06:28
"when China confiscates all big mining and miner HW manufacturing operations and uses that hashpower (say 70-80 % of world total)"
Don't let your imagination get the best of you. There are no monsters under your bed.
@_date: 2017-07-30 21:36:45
The price of BTC may rise rapidly in the near future and the likelihood of default will also go up as borowers are unable to buy back the btc to repay the lender.
@_date: 2017-07-25 01:29:37
Why not pay for the house in Bitcoin?  You may find some very willing sellers. Heck you may even get a great price because of the form of payment you are offering.
@_date: 2017-07-23 20:49:13
I have some questions about pruning myself.
For example lets say someone hasn't moved their coins in over 4 years. Will a pruned node be able to validate a transaction where those coins are now moved? I dont think so as a pruned node only keep the last 550 blocks. So it seems to me the answer is no.    (this doesn;t address all my questions but its a decent start)
If you're into gaming you may notice an increase in your ping/latency. If you have really high speed internet you may not notice a difference.
You can turn your node on and off at will though. Simply start up Bitcoin to run your node and shut down bitcoin when you need/want to.
@_date: 2017-06-16 01:27:26
watch this; 
then read this; 
@_date: 2017-06-14 02:27:34
Over the years I've seen announcements about certain exchanged accepting CC although I can recall which.
IIRC it was Bitfinex, which is in Europe.
Sorry I don't have a great answer for ya.
Got any friends who will purchase for you using their coinbase account? Offer them 3% of the total.
@_date: 2017-07-26 04:30:11
I suggest you learn how to get your name on this list; 
@_date: 2017-07-22 02:38:26
@_date: 2017-06-13 19:54:56
What address does the poker site say you were paid at?
Whatever address supposedly got paid... is that an address you own?
If not you may be a victim of a clipboard hijack attack. Google these terms "bitcoin hijack clipboard" and read.
@_date: 2017-06-13 19:45:28
The Watch-Only feature is useful in addition to the 12 word seed feature. (Don't pick your own 12 words)
@_date: 2017-06-14 13:33:22
Been there... lol.
Take is slow and easy. Learn before dealing with large amounts. Test with small amounts. Or you will give yourself a heart attack.  ;p
@_date: 2017-06-12 22:26:19
Electrum is a good wallet, in my opinion.
@_date: 2017-06-14 14:30:22
Fungible doesn't mean perfectly similar. No two gold coins are perfectly similar.
Fungible means substantially similar. For 99.99% of humans two cash bills are substitutable for each other.
You keep harping on an edge case and then suggest because of the edge case, the rule applies everywhere.
You do not understand fungibility.
When the G-men bust a criminal and take the proceeds by way of civil forfiture, do the G-men destroy the proceeds because they were used in a crime??  No. The G-men recycle the proceeds back into the market because the proceeds are fungible. The proceeds can be mixed back in with all the other similar notes/coins and be used by the next party and accepted at the current value.
It is exactly because notes/coins are fungible that criminals, governments, and regular people will accept coins and bills, wherever and however they've been used in the past.
Instead of moving criminal proceeds into coinbase one could sell them thru localbitcoins.com. Problem solved. You are focusing on a very small and extreme edge case and applying it to all other applications. That is incorrect.
@_date: 2017-06-14 01:34:34
Check out "replace by fee", or "child pays for parent"
@_date: 2017-07-16 03:01:21
" before I do something stupid and lose them"
Such as seeking years worth of knowledge and answers for free from internet strangers on reddit...   /facepalm
I give your coins a..... hmmm..... 85% chance of being stolen. And also a 15% chance of being lost.
"So sorry about all these question". Don't apologize to us. We thank you for the entertainment.
@_date: 2017-07-18 06:04:07
Better info for most Americans can be found here; 
@_date: 2017-07-28 03:49:13
Google "securing your wallet" and read.
Watch all of the videos in this series; 
@_date: 2017-07-07 05:21:46
Yes. Other forms of money used by humans throughout history; Cowry shells, tobacco leaves, fiat currency, precious metals, salt, beaver pelts, wampum, warehouse receipts, tally sticks, maybe even bottles of rum/other alcohol. 
A comparison to those items, which WERE used as money would be much more informative than a comparison to a scarce item which was never used as money, but which commanded a high price due to scarcity.
Partyhats should be compared to Lamborghinis and laptop computers. Bitcoin should be compared to the items I listed above.
The difference is one class of these items are useful as money because of numerous attributes. The other class is only comprised of scarce/non-scarce items which do not share monetary properties except for scarcity. This is why the comparison offered is certainly NOT the best in the world. In fact it a useless non-sensical comparison. Bitcoins to partyhats is as apples to oranges as it could get. The only attribute discussed is scarcity. The other attributes of good money which are equally important to scarcity were ignored in the partyhat comparison.
Do you know what Aristotle said made good money?? How did his ideas differ from Platos idea of good money? Which idea was proven correct? What did Adam Smith and John Law theorize and contribute to monetary theory?  How has the use of good or bad monies impacted economies and societies throughout history? Do we use sound money today and if not, what are the problems which arise from using an inferior money? What issues is it that Bitcoin was designed to solve??  
@_date: 2017-07-19 03:44:58
"If they fork, they fork themselves."
By "they" you are referring to nodes??
@_date: 2017-06-14 02:12:59
Tracking =/= fungibility.
Fungibility, in simple terms, means all units are the same. It has nothing to do with tracking.
@_date: 2017-06-13 20:21:04
Care to share a reason for this proposal? I'm not agreeing or disagreeing. I am curious to know why you think this is a good idea.
@_date: 2017-06-14 03:22:28
lol.   That makes more sense. The only thing I could think of was that it was such a small amount no one bothered to steal them for a whole year. lol  Even that I doubted.
@_date: 2017-06-13 19:57:03
It's an elegant solution in my layman opinion. Also both the wallet and its creator seem to be highly regarded.
As far as I know one should still set up a password within Electrum to encrypt the wallet, or use the MPK feature and get the wallet.dat file off the computer altogether if this is your cold storage solution. It does use a wallet.dat file which could be stolen in whatever way they get stolen off a desktop by hackers, especially if not encrypted by way of a strong passphrase.
Also, a keylogger could, I suppose, be watching as you type in your 12 work seed. Ensure your free of malware/viruses/etc.
Take reasonable precautions!!
Do your own due diligence!! 
@_date: 2017-06-14 13:13:39
What wallet are you using?
@_date: 2017-06-14 02:39:11
If I understood your question correctly, then I believe the answer is Yes. The exchanges are all their own market.
Bitcoins bought in the US cost $2700. Bitcoins in Korea cost $4500.   It's a large difference between the costs at the two markets. But the price spread reflects the conditions in the disparate markets.
Very few people have bank accounts in the US and Korea, otherwise someone would quickly arbitrage. Someone would buy btc in the US at $2700 and move the coins to Korea and sell them for $4500. This would bring the two separate markets closer in price to each other thru time. 
@_date: 2017-06-14 03:14:03
Noone should ever take my advice and my opinion isn't worth shit. That said... I don't own any alts (except some namecoin from mining at Eligius).
I don't think ETC/ETH will be money, although Erik Voorheis has a good discussion on his blog; 
Despite what he says there though, Antonopolous talks about how ETC/ETH is like a ship that hasn't left harbor yet. Yes, in the very short term, people like Erik are using ETH as money since fees are lower, but as AA says, ETH hasn't even left the harbor and it won't be long before ETH is sinking under 80 foot swells, once it finally sets sail. ETH already has a severe blockchain bloat issue. The ETH blockchain is already twice the size of the BTC blockchain, which is exactly why we want to find a way to increase transaction throughput without making the BTC blockchain obscenely huge thru big blocks.
Bitcoin is/will be money. Other alts will be useful in other ways. This space is so new we don't begin to know how this will all play out. 
But BTC has smart people working on elegant solutions and I believe they will succeed in making Bitcoin the future money we all use. I also see potential in ETH/ETC for smart contract purposes and ICOs are interesting especially compared to how money is typically raised thru VC/bank loans (YUCK!).  Allegedly anything done on an alt can eventually be done on BTC though. Time will tell.
I don't really see a future for Litecoin as I believe BTC is sufficient for our money needs. But I do find it interesting that when BTC fees went up, some people chose to use Ether rather than Litecoin for the lower fees. Maybe this is unique to english speaking countries though. I need more data to say anything conclusively.
@_date: 2017-06-14 12:51:30
The average American does not have savings. Most Americans can't come up with $400 for an emergency payment. Considering the economic situation, the average American can afford to put $0.00 into savings.
Despite not having money for savings, many Americans are willing to speculate on a lottery ticket. They are not equipped with the knowledge to safely possess and keep the lotto ticket. But they aren't driven by anything other than desperation and also natural self-interest.
Even if someone were promised 10x returns in 3 years, the funds simply dont exist to purchase this 10x return providing lotto ticket. It probably hurts a person emotionally to realize this truth.
@_date: 2017-06-14 01:30:44
I usually refer people (complete noobs) to this video;    (his drawer analogy is entertaining and easily grasped, starts at 5:44 but i recommend you/they watch the whole video. also hes got a whole series of 101 level video)
and this article; 
@_date: 2017-06-14 12:35:29
What does history of a coin or tumblers have to do with fungibility?
Dollar bills laundered thru HSBC by drug cartels can be traced by their serial numbers. The dollar bills are still fungible even if they can be identified as proceeds from a criminal action.
In fact, one identifiable bill/coin can be substituted for another identifiable bill/coin.
One bill is as good as another bill.
One monero is as good as another monero.
One Bitcoin is as good as another bitcoin.
The history of a single piece of currency doesn't make a money non-fungible. If I use a blacklight to inspect bills for semen, and refuse to accept bills that are dirty, this does not mean bills aren't fungible.
You are confused as to what fungibility means.
@_date: 2017-06-14 01:21:41
Good point.
Plus by the time the fiat arrives at the final destination its lost half of its purchasing power.  :(
@_date: 2017-06-13 21:33:29
overstock accepts the actual BTC.
They will sell the BTC for fiat.
They will keep 4% for internal (overstock) bitcoin research.
They also offered employees to receive their pay and bonuses in BTC, IIRC.
So spend the BTC with them, they will pay some of it to an employee and keep a small portion for research. The rest they will sell for fiat to pay suppliers and bills.
This info is about 2 years old. Things could've changed since I last read on this topic.
@_date: 2017-06-13 21:03:58
Well 1Gs...6k8 is not found there as an output.
I could perhaps help more but I either need the amount of btc received or the TXid.
Or simply click the "transactions" or "history" or "addresses" tab. You're certain 1Gs is the address with a balance??
@_date: 2017-06-14 02:33:28
Fungibility has nothing to do with history. It's about substitutability.
You've got two dollar bills in your pocket. One came from a strippers G-string and still has coke dust on it. The other came out of a church communion plate, put there by an old lady after she got it crisp and fresh from a bank.
Their histories dont matter. You want to buy a pack of gum and one bill is as good as the other bill to the clerk at the grocery store. They are interchangable. One can substitute for the other. Their histories are irrelevant.
Bitcoins used in a criminal transaction may get their owner arrested. But once the bitcoins are taken by the authorities and sold back into the market, the history of the coins don't matter. I will accept Bitcoins that were once spent by Mother Theresa or DPR.
@_date: 2017-07-29 14:07:49
Zongk was willing to answer so he got an upvote.
The OP asked a repetitive question which has been answered here and elsewhere, so OP got a downvote.
My voting has nothing to do with hating the OP nor valuing the information Zongk provided.
It is his act of answering I value,  he is kinder than I. OP would've gotten an upvote from me for a post such as,
"Hey all, look what I found at coinbase.com, describing what will happen with BCC coins".
I value contributing OPs, not taking OPs. Hence my votes.
Happy HODLing to you too!!
@_date: 2017-06-14 03:20:35
You're the second person to state this. Got a link so I can read up on this?
BTC-E doesn't give a shit where coins come from. Which exchange are you suggesting does this??
@_date: 2017-06-13 20:45:22
lol   TY.
Let us learn from your experience.
Plus, Kraken, if in fact at fault, would benefit from some disinfecting light being shone on it, IMO.
@_date: 2017-06-13 18:03:45
Jaxx wallet??
@_date: 2017-06-14 04:14:18
Multibit HD is specifically discussed with instructions.
@_date: 2017-06-14 03:34:39
"buy when most people are selling, sell when most people are buying."
Where does HODL fit in there??  :)   Good story.
@_date: 2017-07-21 15:37:28
You have more than 8 connections to the network?
Clicking check node here,  , says your node is reachable?
@_date: 2017-06-14 02:17:53
I suspect we will always have a line.
But I also believe we will create an efficient way to move the line along and get every into the show efficiently and fairly.
Having to pay a large fee is just a growing pain at the new concert hall.
@_date: 2017-06-14 16:31:00
Withdraw the coins and spend them somewhere.
Perhaps overstock.com.
Or be patient and recognize that there are 10s of thousands of people new to coinbase also demanding immediate attention and resolution.
@_date: 2017-06-16 01:25:22
Hear hear.
Tired of working for the man. Let the interwebz reveal the truthz to you.
@_date: 2017-06-14 18:39:32
Sorry if my words read as dismissive of your plight. That is not the case. I was merely attempting to offer a useful alternative. I hope you are able to get the resolution you seek.
8 months is outrageous.
@_date: 2017-06-14 01:12:54
Western Union has been around since the mid 1800's.
Maybe we can give Bitcoin a single decade to get developed??
@_date: 2017-06-14 01:51:52
You are welcome.
Please pass it on some day.
@_date: 2017-06-14 03:00:18
It took a year!!?!?!?
Thank you for the comment. I think it's a good video but I don't wanna steer any noobs wrong and it's been a while since I was a noob. Sometimes I forget how I learned everything I now know. His vids weren't around when i was first learning. Thanks for the feedback.
@_date: 2017-06-14 14:38:23
Wrong. It's votalitaly. Just remember the country in Africa and you will be fine with spelling this word.  ;p
@_date: 2017-06-13 16:28:24
IMO no one makes a profit, except the person who realizes they can earn more money by leasing out their mining equipment than utilizing it themselves. No offense intended; but there is always a greater fool.
There are numerous ways to acquire bitcoins. One could work for btc, one could buy them outright on an exchange, one could purchase mining equipment then hook up the equipment then keep the devices operating then pay electricity costs and time costs. One could also acquire bitcoins by using fiat currency to pay for cloud mining services.
In each of the above examples above... how many parties are involved, what are the transactions fees, costs, and number of middlemen involved. How old is the equipment used whether purchased outright or thru a cloud mining provider?
In the end... how many paper notes did you pay for X number of bitcoins??
What it the most cost effective way to acquire btc??
If you were to work for $500 worth of btc how many btc would you receive?
If you were to outright purchase $500 worth of btc how many btc would you receive?
If you were to purchase $500 worth of mining equipment, how many btc would you receive in the end?
If you were to pay for cloud mining, how many btc would you receive in the end??
IMO the order above is the best way to acquire btc. I do not think profit is the correct word here, or question. I think the question is... for a given number of fiat notes... how many btc will you receive in return.
I suggest you forget about cloud mining.
Do your own due diligence. I may be wildly incorrect in my statements.
@_date: 2017-06-14 02:50:51
Well played Brother. :)   Good story!
Maybe trade in the useless carbon for one of these though? 
@_date: 2017-06-14 03:49:08
"Now, the test has come and gone, and how the Bitcoin community handled the test is known to everyone: we passed with flying colors." --Vitalik Buterin Mar 12, 2013 11:14 PM EST  
@_date: 2017-06-13 15:04:21
I think you already know the answer. "Why not just mine for themselves?", indeed!
Don't let your greed get the best of you. Keep asking the right questions and you'll do fine.
@_date: 2017-06-14 04:28:52
You are certainly entitled to your opinion.
 I suggest you just give the community some time to work thru these novel issues. 
Also check out this video; 
@_date: 2017-06-14 01:11:30
What issue is it that I am failing to identify?
OP paid $7 to move $72k.
OMG OUTRAGEOUS!!! /s
@_date: 2017-07-07 21:02:43
reddit.comBitcoin isn't for the lazy or the helpless. Good luck.
Check out that one guy from greece who wrote the book and has all the awesome videos.
There's that other guy with all the awesome explanatory videos.
Then there's other people discussing this stuff all day and night on numerous forums which you should check out.
@_date: 2017-06-14 16:20:48
You tell me. You're the one making the claim buddy.
While your at it, please tell me where the coins from the silk road bust are. Surely they are not in circulation being spent and exchanged like all the rest of the coins. No doubt their segregated, never to be spent again. Right??
They're selling for half the price of other coins correct?? They will always be worth less than other coins correct?!?!?
As I've stated repeatedly, you do not understand fungibility.
@_date: 2017-06-14 02:45:49
You're asking a highly technical question (even if you dont know it) that very few people are capable of giving a straight answer to.
Considering how new this whole Bitcoin thing is, and how rapidly things are changing, I suggest continuing to seek for the answers your looking for, but also just move to a platform that isn't identified as unsafe.
See the comments section there for a hint at the answer you seek (comment by Username:nichts). Good luck finding a better explanation. 
@_date: 2017-06-14 02:21:04
localbitcoins.com; Find a reputable seller with good feedback in your local area. You will most likely pay a premium but you are also not dealing with all the hassle that accompanies regulated exchanges.
I'm not sure if sellers on localbtc accept CC though.
Use that solution until a better one comes along.
@_date: 2017-06-13 20:12:04
I have no experience with the Blockchain app. I'm afraid I can't be of much more assistance to you.
I suspect though that if you reveal to reddit the poker site involved, someone here will have experience with the site and the app you use.
Just be aware and cautious about the clipboard hijack attack and protect yourself accordingly.
@_date: 2017-06-13 20:07:16
The creator of shapeshift.io has a personal blog found here;
@_date: 2017-07-21 14:10:29
Have a downvote.
@_date: 2017-06-13 20:36:34
Keep the community updated please and let us know how this resolves.
@_date: 2017-06-13 20:50:52
Hmmm... interesting.
The address, as shown in Electrum and showing a balance, begins with 1Gs and ends with 6k8??
@_date: 2017-06-14 13:24:06
Read thru the link I provided and if that doesn't answer your question please let me know.
@_date: 2017-06-14 01:17:46
Welcome to the future of money Jane! 
Before you join us I suggest you read, and read more, then watch some videos, then watch more videos, then ask questions, then read, then ask more questions.
Then start with small amounts and practice.
Then read about the mistakes others have made and how they lost their money. Then read some more.
Bitcoin is exciting but also risky. There are a lot of very smart people who love to steal money. Please educate yourself so you don't become a victim.
Try to find a trustworthy friend who can help guide you until you are comfortable on your own.
It's not difficult to use bitcoins... but again.... its a form of money that many entities are attempting to steal. Get educated before you attempt to buy and store large quantities.
@_date: 2017-06-14 02:24:07
That seems reasonable, even affordable.
$30 to move $72k.  Well played Sir.
For the majority of humans I don't think such a cost effective service is available though. I don't remit money, but I know a few people who do. They pay anywhere from 5-20% of the amount they're trying to remit, usually around 5% though.
@_date: 2017-06-13 20:58:17
Have you attempted to search for the TXid instead of the public (receiving) address?
@_date: 2017-06-11 02:49:36
Actually every week someone dumps billions of paper gold just to keep the gold price "stable". They have to while fiat is printed to infinite.
@_date: 2017-06-14 04:20:06
**Delete prior installation files.** Reinstall. Select the option "restore from seed" or "create new wallet", type in your 12/13 words, set a new password.
What version of Electrum are you using?
@_date: 2017-06-14 02:43:31
craigslist.   Just be careful and watch out for shady people.
@_date: 2017-06-13 00:37:23
electrum.org is user friendly, IMO
@_date: 2017-06-14 03:32:26
Thank you for the excellent comment and for sharing your opinion with me. I will refer more noobs to James' video series.
@_date: 2017-06-16 10:00:34
Did you read the documentation at Electrums website?!?
@_date: 2017-06-14 14:11:50
Another redditor stated Bitstamp accepts CC,
@_date: 2017-06-13 16:38:14
@_date: 2017-06-13 20:56:01
Untoward... probably not. But Mark Karpeles may not have been untoward either.   :)
Everyone still has room for improvement and growth... except me. I'm perfect.   lol
Seriously, 100k is a large sum imo and Kraken needs to improve if this is their mistake. IMO mistakes like this, if the exchanges fault, need to be identified and rectified, YESTERDAY.
@_date: 2017-06-14 04:27:33
OK. Then I think we are in agreement. Coinbase is shady. Pennies and BTC are fungible. Agreed?
@_date: 2017-06-14 03:07:16
I don't know any people who that has happened to. Got a link??
@_date: 2017-06-14 13:45:09
Bottom left corner of the map click the 3 dashes menu thingy and select ATM/restaurant.
@_date: 2017-06-13 20:48:45
I respectfully suggest you attempt to make a purchase from overstock.com instead. That company hugely supports BTC, and the CEO is very anti-Wall Street and anti-Fed.  Check him out; Patrick Byrne.
And you still get the practice you need.  ;p
@_date: 2017-06-16 01:31:21
@_date: 2017-06-11 02:56:04
@_date: 2017-06-14 13:11:52
Consider how cancer works.
Malignant cells consume inordinate resources and are useless to the body. Healthy functioning cells are starved of resources. The host begins to die.
Of course, if you ask the tumor cells, they say they need the resources.
Our body politik is a cancer ridden freak; a torso with 4 legs,no brain, and very sharp nails, controlled by the cancer cells. The cancer cells are now directing resources within the body, to themselves, and healthy cells are hurting.
If the host wishes to survive it needs to eliminate the malignancy.
Whats the fuel for the tumor?? Fiat currency.
@_date: 2017-06-13 23:48:28
OP, it cost you $7 to send $72,900 worth of value. I fail to see the issue.
Western Unions fee would've been.... $5?!?
@_date: 2017-06-13 23:59:56
In another thread OP states an intent to sell half BTC holding and buy ETH.
Not sure what to think but.... I know Honeybadger don't give a shit.
@_date: 2017-06-14 04:09:42
Thanks for the link! I'd forgotten about this gem.
In your opinion is BTC fungible?
@_date: 2017-06-13 20:28:40
Just a WAG here;
RBOC can not accept GBP. Kraken believes you wish to receive funds in GBP. Hence, a need for an intermediary bank, which would accept GBP, and then convert the GBP to a currency RBOC does accept by wire.
Did you accidentally request your withdrawal in GBP rather than USD or CAD?? Is it as simple as creating another withdrawal request and ensuring you've selected the correct currency that your bank can accept?
@_date: 2017-06-14 16:55:44
Ok. Good debate. Cya later.
@_date: 2017-06-13 20:40:06
Make your own coffee!!!
Now pay me for helping you save thousands/year.
@_date: 2017-06-14 03:29:41
Well...  I do appreciate the discussion.  If what you say about coinbase is true then Bitcoin may not have perfect fungibility. However I am now curious... does coinbase simply sit on those coins forever?? Or do they re-enter the market somehow and become fungible again??
Pennies are fungible. All pennies are worth one cent. The local gas station accepts all pennies, from whatever year and in any condition (unless smooshed on a train track or seriously mangled). But in my house, I separate out the pre-82 copper pennies and keep them in a large jar. I spend the zinc pennies. My question to you is; are pennies fungible??
@_date: 2017-06-25 13:55:20
@_date: 2017-06-13 21:10:22
That amount is shown but under address 1QKx8PJ5sxAQXHcWPStbMsAkpKgmyMynMR.
TXid is shortform for transaction ID.
Right click the transaction in your history, click "details" or "info" I believe and you will see it listed.
@_date: 2017-06-14 03:24:50
Haters gonna hate. HODLers gonna HODL.
@_date: 2017-06-13 19:41:19
You didn't mention a Hierarchical Deterministic wallet such as Electrum.
Have you considered such an option?
@_date: 2017-06-14 03:04:45
Timing markets are notoriously tough.
Considering the state of fiat currencies and the complete derth of stores of value, any price looks good to me.
@_date: 2017-06-13 20:41:42
Does Electrum say "received" or "pending" in transaction history next to this transaction?
If still pending then the transaction is in the Mempool waiting to be included in a block. I believe blockchain.info only reports confirmed transactions, not pending transactions waiting in the mempool.
@_date: 2017-06-13 21:23:24
:)     OK. here's whats going on.
When you click the receive tab, Electrum is showing you the address that you will receive to NEXT. This is because it is good practice to never reuse a receiving address (for privacy reasons) and electrum automatically forces us to use a new address for each transaction. Currently 1Gs has not been used and properly has a zero balance.
On the transactions tab, showing "status: 57 confims", if you click the QR code symbol I believe it will show youthe address behind the QR code, which will be 1QK...nMR.
To receive the 2.8924 your electrum wallet used this address, 1QKx8PJ5sxAQXHcWPStbMsAkpKgmyMynMR.
I see you're on a mac. Somewhere in Mac Electrum you will find your whole address list. If you find it you will see 1QK has a balance of 2.8924, whle 1Gs has a balance of 0.
Everything is fine. Respectfully, you just need to become more familiar with Electrum.   :)  Also your transaction ID is shown, its shown in the Gyazo link you shared, above where it says "Stats: 57 confirmations".
