@_author: trace_mcvear
@_date: 2013-03-26 03:37:27
it stands for application specific integrated circuit.  essentially it is a circuit that has been specifically designed to preform a certain task. 
in this case that task is calculating the hash used for block signing. the core difference here is that a circuit dedicated to doing this is far more efficient than general purpose hardware like cpus/gpus, giving higher hash rates and parallelism for less energy usage.
the downsides come into play as a much higher cost to engineer, but the highest costs are non-reoccurring and once a chip is designed it can easily be mass produced.
@_date: 2013-04-03 23:29:18
I know right. 
Indicators connected to the gox feed: I entered the sell order near 117 on bf. too bad due to gox lag all the action was over by the time I got the info. 10-15min lag. all the short term analysis completely useless under these conditions.
@_date: 2013-04-04 00:44:41
I love bitcoinity so far and have been viewing it for a while now (clark moody's as well).  another charting tool I enjoy is sierra chart which someone on the bitciontalk forums posted a small little application that will feed trade data from multiple exchanges and currency pairs (I believe a search for 'sierrachartfeed' will get you to it).
 my problem here was that I'm still building my network and flows and I had nothing built in to protect the outputs from erroneous info due to gox's horrible lag.  a hard learned mistake that'll take a bit of thinking over the weekend to setup proper filters for.
@_date: 2013-03-14 21:30:02
First off let me say I love the clean feel to the design of the site. It makes other bitcoin sites appear overly cluttered.
Is there a possibility to see bitfloor's exchange tracked here?
@_date: 2013-03-28 00:13:09
I've used bitfloor a number of times in the past and still currently trade there. Their cash deposit option was the easiest way for me since I was only moving less than 100USD a month, it was quite fast and easy and my deposits were marked on my account before I even finished the walk from the bank. 
 I also find the web platform a bit easier to navigate than others I've seen.
I've not used coinbase yet so I won't be able to give you an accurate view of their service.
@_date: 2013-03-17 09:25:18
certainly you don't need to 'know' your private key. it is just a number. that being said having a copy written down and safe opens a few more options for you, for instance, importing the key to other wallets or software, or having a backup in case the wallet file is corrupted.
just remember there is a private to for each address in your wallet. if you have many address it can be tedious to backup keys this way.
in most cases and for small amounts simply backing up your wallet.dat is good enough.
and for a bit more security you could check out the Armory client. It runs on top of the bitcoin client and has a built in method for creating a paper backup of a wallet. A neat thing these paper backups is that armory generates new addresses deterministically so only a single paper backup is needed for the lifetime of the wallet.
@_date: 2013-03-31 21:33:43
Maybe not quite as big as pool to ocean. i'ld go more with kiddie pool to olympic stadium. 
We're free to swim and splash around, but certainly no where near enough room or backing to properly compete. But a cool thing here is that even olympic swimmers needed to start somewhere. We're taking baby steps, people are still learning the rules of the game, testing the water, and seeing how the rules and distributions are changing and having a popular impact.
Our pool is small and the big names still overlook it, watching the big games going on right besides us.
However the lessons we learn here are very real; and while we splash around we can take what we learn and apply it faster than the bigger competitors can move.
Real's gonna change and I feel whether we keep splashing or move into bigger pools will be determined by the drive and creativity of us early minds.