@_author: traconiss
@_date: 2015-01-06 10:47:26
What you can expect from the exchange run by two "FUCKING AMAZING" lads? (look at the picture  That's what happening when young guys put their hands on millions of $.
Things can happen and ... they happening..... 
@_date: 2015-01-06 09:35:33
Thx blaise - but once you set up 2-way using google auth - you cant replace without first switching it off. all the exchanges gaves me that option after cooling period to verify that I'm the owner. Only Bitstamp for some strange reason (now I know why :) blocked access. They could use my account to transfer some of the "hacked" btc or something... who knows...
@_date: 2015-01-05 16:18:38
2 FA was just example. I haven't asked them to unblock my account - I asked them to lock it or delete it :)
Apart of that there was few other issues like - UK transfer using SEPA to european bank only because they can't sort things with UK banks (or they don't want) - splitting office in UK but not offering any help based on UK law .., problem with verification despite I'm UK based as the company! And last but not least treating small business like me much worse than big fish (which may be fine if you do business with a bank but not the virtual online cryptocurrency company)
Anwyay - right now I don't wont be wrong - I'm pretty sure we witness another MtGox like scam - cmon those are only anonymous people out there (don't be fooled by Bitstamp Team) everybody can brake when working with millions of $ :(
@_date: 2015-01-06 09:50:41
First was BitBargain - and so far is the best and the safest place to trade BTC.
And about trust - it is bollocks! Robbers robbing banks and people still use banks. It is Bitstamp fault (or intentional action) to have their wallets "hacked". We have seen this many times and only idiots will trust such companies especially when they operate like bitstamp. Slovenian staff, weird names, the UK address , European banks and half of the customers fucked up because they can't even sue them for their losses - because every court and police will classify that as a fraud not a theft!! Welcome to the UK! police will direct you to the Action Fraud - and they will send you a letter with mental support and that is! No matter if you know the offender, his address etc. police will do nothing! because they are not prepared and the keep classifying such crimes as frauds which are not investigated individually :)
Been victim twice I can produce letters from the Police for idiots who believe Bitstamp may be prosecuted!
And guess what? Bitstamp staff knew about that! That was a reason to set office in the UK
@_date: 2015-01-05 10:28:19
Well, I don't want to sound negative - but those are not a good news. 
Decline in price of Bitcoins, poor customer service, hiding behind Slovenian law despite trading in the UK and many more issues may indicate that that's a time for Bitstamp to take a "well known" route...
By a stupid mistake I have saved myself of potentially losing of 10-15 BTC (which is not a lot compared to big fish on Bitstamp) - what I did? LOL - I was not trading on Bitstamp for a while and meantime had my phone with 2-way auth broken so I lost all my codes. Among all exchanges I use (BTC-e, BitBargain, LocalBitcoins, Bitcurex and few others) only Bitstamp made a problem recovering my account, well that forced me to step out and.. Thanks God I did it in the right moment. 
I hope those are a temporary problems - but anybody thinking it's normal - WAKE UP. Secure your coins - BIGGER than Bitstamp already vanished from the market due to alleged "hackers" attacks.
And looks at this:
"Your bitcoins already deposited with us are stored in a cold wallet and can not be affected." - yeah right it is normal merchant action to prevent panic and withdraws - but it is not a good business do in order to protect their customers..