@_author: traceability
@_date: 2017-01-18 15:05:02
Bitcoin now becomes house-hold name now. Interestingly, China speaks highly of Blockchain amid its efforts in being harsh on Bitcoin exchanges. It shows China is  really serious about digital currency. I get used to any sudden move from PBOC. Good "breaking" is not used any more. 
@_date: 2017-01-12 03:56:35
What happened in China is just onsite inspection. It's just unbelievable how mainstream media are covering the issue with deep misinterpretation. see the how China-based English media see the issue. this should be the correct message: a more regulated market.  
@_date: 2016-11-30 03:23:13
interesting. I am thinking these days why China, a country sort of "autocratic" will be so active in the decentralized digital currency. Doesn't this mean Beijing will have less room to manage the market? Also,I'm just curious whether digital currency means it will replace fiat money? how does it works?  In this case, will government  lose the chance to make some monetary policy adjustment like interest rate?
@_date: 2016-12-08 06:12:01
Thanks man for your reminding. I just wish Core and BTCC are making decisions out of the interest of the community instead of their own interests. 
@_date: 2016-12-08 04:23:53
I don't know Mow will be there or not. If he is there ,please help ask questions from questions from todu which I also feel interested in:
The company "Blockchain Capital" owns company shares in the company Blockstream. Blockchain Capital also owns company shares in the company BTCC. The company BTCC is very friendly to the company Blockstream. Is that because their common owner owns a lot of stocks in both companies?
What percentage of Blockstream does Blockchain Capital own?
What percentage of BTCC does Blockchain Capital own?
Blockchain Capital also owns company shares in the company Bitfury. Bitfury also is very Blockstream friendly. It seems like Blockchain Capital has a lot of influence.
What percentage of Bitfury does Blockchain Capital own?
Who are the owners of the Blockchain Capital company and why do they want Bitcoin to only scale off-chain and not scale on-chain?
You can see that Blockchain Capital owns shares in both Blockstream and BTCC and Bitfury in this picture:
The picture was taken from this forum thread:
 
PS I just found Mow didn't answer these questions in his AMA.  
@_date: 2016-11-30 03:36:45
But interestingly, what I have read in the news all about China's open attitude towards at least block chain technology. The best case is that People's Bank of China PBOC has announced it will  issue digital currency. Just see:  Actually,my puzzle is why a one party country will be supportive openly to digital currency. 
Anyway, if beijing has states clearly it will support digital currency , i don't see any reason it will ban bitcoin