@_author: tradetest
@_date: 2017-06-09 17:21:26
Right but just like every advancement before , its "for a while", it doesn't stop the trend with the major actors at the top having the most real world resources and the fastest acceleration. 
@_date: 2017-06-09 16:40:38
I've been on his youtube and watching all his talks-
He agrees on every metaphor of technology constantly expanding, email replacing mail , etc, and uses this example for every point EXCEPT that ASIC processors are capped out and suddenly all hash power will even out. (and there is no rebuttal to the potential for one such hardware advancement to be patent protected, and it only takes ONE)  Feels like its picking and choosing.
2nd- He agrees that the concept of Bitcoin is obviously disruptive to govts/central banks and that they will do what they can to stop it, but 'they are powerless', but then when confronted with points like 'what about a state sponsored 51% attack, state sponsored quantum computing attack, or issues that he hasn't considered like a stuxnet attack on miners, his response is "oh they have bigger fish to fry, they wouldn't use their one attack on BTC" . Again picking and choosing, is it a disruptive threat that they must handle, or something insignificant that they wouldn't use resources on.
If i'm truly 'misunderstanding him' then how are these points refuted, or at least reconciled by him because it really feels like he is picking and choosing.
I'm not even trying to sound internet mad, I really would like to discuss this (the hardware level issues and the interaction with real world governments issue, I agree its fruitless to talk about BTC price/bubble etc- the fundamentals should come first)
@_date: 2017-06-09 17:52:43
I'm not disputing months vs years, I'm talking about end behavior-
tech WILL advance and it people with more real world resources will have an immediate disproportionate advantage.  (and that will always be govts who can print money, if BTC/crypto even hits the threshold where it is potentially disruptive)
The founding fathers had a similar vision of a militia standing up to corrupt governments with muskets, but now we have a govt with trillions of dollars in drone strikes/ missiles/ cyber warfare- its one sided.
@_date: 2017-06-04 23:46:34
As the mining costs and structure are restrictive (with the majority in China/iceland), giving the people running those pools and infrastructure a disproportionate influence on the network (for decisions such as UASF, 148/segwit, etc); is decentralization truly possible?
Also even if segwit/asicboost is resolved, it is unknown how many future hardware improvements could disrupt the whole ecosystem again, such as some ASIC patent issues I saw which ultimately keep crypto chained to government structures.  Given the increasing mining difficulty and the money that the top players can put into processor development, I don't see how the physical elements of the Bitcoin network can prevent a bleed into the 'decentralized' decision making that it requires.
Can anyone help me with these points? disclaimer I am a nocoiner and I have read all the FAQ/myth pages but I havent found a clear resolution to the bleed between physical requirements of the network and the value of the network itself. (this is all assuming no issues with the blockchain code, simply the physical hardware and government structures it requires)
@_date: 2017-06-08 16:22:30
Even though BTC is digital, we are still in a physical world-
Mining hardware/electricity/ASIC costs force centralization at the mining level, where hashrate and 'consensus' eventually concentrate to fewer and fewer real world people-
As long as people and a physical world is involved there can be no true decentralization- to get an advantage people will centralize organically.
I've been posting this on all crypto boards/forums and have gotten no rebuttals... anyone?
@_date: 2017-06-08 20:39:46
But his explanation (even assuming the 16nm / moores wall) is that centralized warehouses/cooling will break and they will just give up?  
and 'we haven't experience the nightmare scenarios' simply because jihan wu/etc still are printing money and havent been challenged yet
@_date: 2017-06-09 18:17:06
I just honestly feel like no one has disputed these issues (to his credit Andreas has been the closest person i've seen to at least discussing them)
I think you fundamentally have to pick a camp between
- crypto is disruptive enough to central banks/govts that it will warrant action
- gov'ts wont take action because crypto TRANSACTIONS haven't made any disruptive impact
Andreas is still picking and choosing bits from each.
I don't see how that is out of context if we are trying to validate the scope of a new technology, and they are points that he touched on but didn't really refute.
(Im genuinely glad you are at least answering because no one else has even responded to refute these issues (ive tweeted at Andreas but i'm sure he is busy..))