@_author: traderash
@_date: 2017-11-18 07:54:15
Absolutely! This is very dangerous. If you want to trade Bitcoin futures do it on a Bitcoin Futures exchange, they limit your potential losses to what you invested. In the real world, they go after you for breach of contract and will take everything you have. 
@_date: 2017-11-19 13:35:18
Yes, this is what I don't understand. The first scenario is in a real market. The second one is with cash only settlement. I can't understand how this market is going to work.
For example, Let's say that spot price of Bitcoin is $10,000. And let's say that the one month futures prices is $100,000k. Now let's say that the 29th day come up and those figures are still the same. 
So JPM is going to have to come out of pocket for the $90,000 per contract to settle it right? JPM is not in the habit of losing money, so they probably aren't going to like that deal very much. 
So I guess that they could go into the spot market and start buying up even BTC offered knowing the price would sky rocket and then the following day when BTC price rose to say $100k, they could break even. Or if they could push the price to $110k, they'd make $10k per coin profit.
But this would be completely illogical. Because that would only serve to cover their losses. Wouldn't they just buy some long futures and then do the same thing? Bid up the price of spot BTC and make money while it is going up on the futures and the spot?
I'm not sure if I answered your question very well. Please remember, these are only my thoughts, I am not sure of anything in this market right now, that is why I'm asking you guys what you think. :)
@_date: 2017-11-19 13:00:34
That is a good question. In theory I think you are correct. I would think their might be a few difference. First, stocks can only be leveraged at 50%. whereas futures are up to 98%. Also, stocks have a somewhat tangible value based on earnings expected earnings. Of course with PE ratios crazy out of control, the estimated value of stocks may be very high, but we still can get a vague estimate of value, even if we multiply it times 10.
Also, the float is a huge factor. Bitcoin has a grand total of 16,688,562 available right now. However, when we take the amount of BTC that has never moved and may even be lost, it comes out to many millions of that float. My guess, and believe me it is a total guess, so take it with a grain of salt, I would say that the maximum BTC to available to readily trade is about 5 Million. I am sure others will disagree, it is just a guess. 
Since the value of BTC is estimated between $0-$X Millions per coin, it is a lot different that a stock trading at 100 times earnings.
Also, with stocks, we know who all the big holders are because of the fact that the SEC makes them register. So investors can go to large holders and say, "Hey listen, you are holding XYZ shares of ABC stock which is trading at $100 per share right now. Will you give me a private one year option to purchase all your shares at $150. It would be hard to turn down such a huge return when the stock isn't even in play. 
So once an investor gets a certain amount of large shareholders locked up, he can make a move on the market, knowing that if the SHTF, he can cover his position.
With Bitcoin, that would be very, very difficult. First you have no idea who owns those coins or how to contact them. Next, even if you did find out who owns those coins and you got a commitment/option to buy them, and the person backed out, it isn't like you can sue them. If you could, which jurisdiction would you use? You would be shit out of luck.
I imagine that you could use some type of escrow service, however, you must remember that all this stuff is brand new to the Wall Street crew. They haven't had their ass burned 50 times in the last 5 years like many of us.
In short, they have zero experience in losing money. They have no clue on the wild west arena that we live in on a daily basis. They are used to being protected by the SEC and court system. This is a very false sense of security. It is like showing up to a fist fight thinking it is going to be a fair fight. You even bring your buddy with a knife and another buddy with a gun and you feel pretty secure. But then a million Bitcoiners with Uzis shows up and they don't want to negotiate cause they hate you. :)
Like I said, they have no clue who they are dealing with. This arena has the brightest minds in the world involved. The greatest hackers from every single country in the world have earned their stripes in this arena and they are not very fond of outside arrogant idiots stepping into their arena.
I'm sure that there are many other differences, but these are just a few I came up with off the top of my head.
@_date: 2017-11-19 13:48:04
I know there are a lot of people (myself included) that have been preaching doom and gloom for years, however, the guys at the FED are beyond on top of things. I have seen them get backed into a corner with no way out so many times and then all of the sudden they not only pull out of it, but they come out even better. Hopefully they can do it this time as well, without starting a war or some type of other public false flag to distract the people.
In my younger years I would have disagreed with you, as I would have loved to see a financial collapse, however, now I think of all the innocent people that would really have a rough time. It is especially upsetting to think that they had absolutely nothing to do with it. 
Joe Six-Pack goes to work hard 9-5 every day Monday-Friday, supports his family, likes to get drunk on the weekends and sleep in on Sunday, then all of the sudden the big dawgs decide to change his world so they can have more power and more control of the people. I didn't used to care, but I do now.
I look forward to a brutal financial crash, but not a collapse. I think the stock market PE ratios are beyond unreasonable and there are so many complete idiots out there who have never even seen a bear market in their lifetime, lecturing all who will listen on how great of investors they are. They need a nice firm spanking.
Plus I think that a good sharp kick in the nuts will wake up society into finally realizing that the future is decentralized currencies. The sooner the people realize this, the better it will be for all the people of the world.
@_date: 2017-11-18 06:19:01
The threat of a buyer taking delivery is what keeps people honest. For example, we don't really know for sure just how much gold or silver is out there. We can estimate it, but not for sure. Let's say that you knew there was exactly 200,000 tons of gold in the world. So you buy tons of futures contracts on 200,000 tons of gold. Then Jamie Dimon comes in and sells or shorts another 100,000 tons. 
So by him selling so much gold contracts, it puts downward pressure on the market and the price goes down due to supply in demand. This is called a "Naked Short." Meaning he isn't a miner and doesn't have the gold he is shorting. So in reality, JPMorgan has been doing this exact same thing in the gold and silver market. Since they have almost an infinite amount of money, they can keep selling, driving the price down, despite the fact that they could never deliver the gold.
This has worked out great for JPMorgan and they have made Billions on this strategy. However, it is artificially holding the prices down, which is why investors and miners are very pissed off. Because the real value of the asset is not being reflected.
Many of us say that one day, a group of big money dawgs from around the world are going to think that JPM is getting a little too cocky and big for their britches some day and say, cool, if he wants to artificially keep prices down and naked short gold, let's buy up all the contracts he is selling and then when the contract expires, demand delivery, which is what the contract calls for. 
When JPM can't deliver the gold, they would have to go out and purchase it. However, if there is none to purchase, then the holders of the gold can charge anything they want for the gold. Let's say a Billion Dollars an ounce. JPM wouldn't be able to honor their contract and they'd be in breach and liable for damages, which would be quadrillions of dollars and BK the company.
With JPM being so big and powerful and the actual total supply of gold and silver not fully known for sure, they can naked short, with nobody calling their bluff and keep making a fortune.
With Bitcoin, supply is so very limited that not only do we know how much there is to the coin, we can estimate how much is even available to purchase.
With the CME's decision to settle the contracts in cash, without the need for delivery, it basically means JPM or anybody who has a huge bank roll could go in and artificially hold down the price, because you can't call their bluff and demand delivery. So it becomes a game of who has more money, not who is better at determining future market value.
I am probably not explaining this as well as I could, but I think you can get the gist it. Of course, I could be wrong, it is just my opinion and I am sure others will have different views.
@_date: 2017-11-18 08:14:41
Hi, thanks for the article. He is right about what he is saying, however, he is making a huge assumption, which is that this market is going to even start. As I said, I can't see who would ever try and take the opposite position and short Bitcoin. Like he said in his post, when it is first listed, it is likely to make extreme gains. Most investors are aware of this. This is why I can't understand how this market will even begin.
I am curious, you said you agree with most of what I said? I'm not trying to be right here, just trying to fully understand and see if I am missing something. So I'm more curious to hear what people don't agree with in my post. What do you think is not accurate or what are you not sold on?
@_date: 2017-11-18 06:32:48
Leverage! I am not sure what the margin will be set at, but I believe the contract is for 5 Bitcoins. Which would cost you about $40k if you had to buy them. However, with futures you can put up approximately 5%. So you instead of investing $40k in Bitcoin, you could invest $2k in 1 futures contract. If the price of Bitcoin goes up by 5% you double your investment. Whereas if you purchased Bitcoin directly, you have to come up with $40k to make $2k profit.
The same goes for the reverse as well. If Bitcoin goes down 5%, you lose your entire $2k investment.
@_date: 2017-11-18 04:28:36
I have traded futures and options for over 20 years, so I think I have a reasonable understanding of the derivatives markets. Thank you for video. He is saying EXACTLY what I am saying! It is ironic that you are telling me I am "misunderstanding the mechanics", however a guy who has "absolute credibility and near total understanding" is stating the exact same thing as I am?
I don't think I am "vastly oversimplifying" anything. And I don't think this is a very complicated issue at all. 
Perhaps it is you that are not understanding. Simply put, when you have a very limited supply of a commodity, with a very small float, and no way to control that float. Only an idiot would EVER take the short side of that trade. Peterffy says the same thing. Although he makes the assumption that there will be idiots out there who will make that trade and in his example of BTC instantly going to $70,000 and lock limit up for months, I can't see how we are even going to have any market with no shorting interests? Because the second the sharks see some sucker willing to short, they are just going to go in with an infinite amount of money and just buy every contract and forcing the price to go to infinite, thereby causing the short losses to go to infinity. 
The previous commenter states that every $1M invested in Bitcoin will move the price by 1%. So if we use that as just a very rough estimate, a $100 Million investment in the actual Bitcoin market will double the price. 
If you have suckers in the futures market that want to short Bitcoin, you will have every  Billion Dollar hedge fund from around the planet buying up those contracts as fast they can and also buying up Bitcoin as fast as they can. It is a risk free investment. You can't lose. 
Imagine if $100 Billion went into the Bitcoin Market? You'd have the futures contract go lock limit up for years. And every single day the futures brokers would be sending out their margin calls.
If you have ever been on the wrong side of a futures trade when the price goes lock limit up for days in a row and you can't get out, it is a very scary feeling and every day seems like a year. One could conceivably invest $5000 in the futures market shorting Bitcoin and lose hundreds of millions of dollars or more until some type of price gets settled upon in the real market.
Again, I do appreciate the video and I would like to hear your opinions, however you didn't even attempt to answer my questions that were in my original post.
Again, I will ask you the same question. What am I missing here? Because with everything I understand about the markets, I don't see how we are going to even have a market? Who is going to do the clearing on these transactions? With a possible infinite amount of loss, NOBODY no clearing house would do this.
@_date: 2017-11-19 13:09:11
I think you are making my point for me. The problem is you can't just "long spot." The second you try, with even a moderate volume, the price is going to go through the roof. Not only that but if the spot market knows the futures price is going to be say $100k per coin in 3 months, why would anybody sell for $10k per coin?
I know that the real markets work like that. Spot dictates the futures price. However, I postulate that the Bitcoin spot price will follow the futures price for that same reason.
Let me ask you a question. If Bitcoin is trading at say $8k now, the futures market opens up in two weeks and the January contract opens at $15k, would your short that market? 
Hell basically, you are guaranteed a $7k profit in 30 days. Great deal right? Would you take that deal? 
If not, what about if it opened at $30k? Would you jump all over it and lock up a $22k profit per coin in one month?
@_date: 2017-11-19 13:19:41
That is a good point. However, how many coins can they deliver? 16,688,562 Bitcoins have already been minded. Only 4 million and change to be mined for the next how many years? Decades? I think it is the year 2045 when the last coin is said to be mined.
I think you are correct though, because miners or holders of BTC are the only ones that can really short the market without infinite risk. However, I think they are unlikely to do so because they will see it as they have an infinite amount of profit potential that they would be leaving on the table. And everybody in this industry has a high tolerance for risk and an aggressive appetite for profit. Not to mention a deep seeded desire to see massive losses for the establishment that we are all working together to escape from.
I am a small miner myself and I can't say with all sincerity that I won't sell at any price, but I can sure tell you that I'm going to be very stingy and unreasonable when it comes to selling, and even then, I'm going to sell a few coins at a time sparingly on the way up. I imagine that other miners will feel the same way. Therefore, I suspect that it would be very difficult, if not downright impossible to cover a large short position.
Remember, we are a tiny market. We only have $100 Billion market cap. The big dawgs that are going to run blindly into this market piss $100 Billion before breakfast. So in my opinion, they are going to have to increase the market cap so it can be sporting for them. :)
@_date: 2017-11-18 06:01:16
Thanks for your reply. I agree with everything you said. I respect your opinion on this. I imagine that you are correct, surely they wouldn't open up a market without knowing this. So I would most likely have to agree with you. The market will open, people will take the short side.
However, if you had to take a guess, how long do you think the market will be open and trading? There is a very big reason somebody takes out a $100k full page ad the WSJ. I think what Peterffy was trying to convey is that if his customers want to trade Bitcoin Futures, he will offer that too them, but at the same time, since the broker is liable for his client's actions, he doesn't want his entire company going BK because 1 client with $5000 shorted Bitcoin. This is why he wants to separate the Bitcoin clearing houses. 
I imagine that the weakest clearinghouses are willing to clear the trades, because they feel confident that they have the brokers who are going to back up their client's actions. However, when it comes time to set up an agreement, guys like Peterffy will either refuse to take the liability or they will put such restrictive conditions on the guarantee that it will become inoperable. 
Peterffy did state that he could see it working out if the client owned the Bitcoin that he was shorting as a hedge. This would make the market so thin and no liquidity that it wouldn't really be feasible.
Again, I appreciate your opinion and don't consider it arguing at all. I guess the only difference in our opinions are that you think that there are a few or a lot of stupid people on Wall Street than I do. A lot of people will do a lot of talking on how great of an idea it is, however, when it comes down to pulling out their wallet and investing, it becomes a different story. Hedge funds and other institutional investors have compliance departments and risk analysis departments that will all block any risky transactions that might BK them.
@_date: 2017-11-18 04:39:39
Normal futures markets are made to lock in a specific price for a future date on a commodity. For example, McDonald's knows they are going to need x millions of pounds of beef next year. However, if cattle prices go crazy high, they would have to raise the prices of their Big Macs to $50 bucks a burger. So buy using futures contracts, companies can lock in a price today without having to raise their prices on their products constantly.
Similarly, if I am a farmer and raising cattle, I can also enter into a futures contract with McDonald's and get a guaranteed price for my cattle next year. For example, what if the bottom falls out of the price of cattle. The farmer could get wiped out and lose everything. 
So the futures market was originally intended to diversify risk for both parties. However, speculators who think the price of cattle is going up or down for some reason, jumped into the markets, which was encouraged as it gave liquidity to the markets.
Now since Bitcoin has such a tiny float, and the exchange knows that the shorts would not be able to deliver, they decided to settle all accounts in cash. Meaning that there is no requirement to deliver the coins if they shorted them.
So in answer to your question, yes it is just a betting position and no Bitcoins will be exchanged on the futures exchange. 
Without the threat of being forced to deliver the coins, there really can be no market in my opinion.
My advice to anybody is that if this market does even start, max out your credit cards, mortgage your house, sell the wife and kids for whatever you can and buy long term Bitcoin futures options. 
If the market does happen, some people are going to get very rich and some people are going to lose everything in my opinion.
@_date: 2017-11-19 17:14:26
Well you must have a wheel barrel to carry around your balls my friend! I guess you could do that if you make sure to only short exactly the same amount of coins you are long. However, in the futures market, most people take advantage of the leverage and short more coins than they have.
If you are disciplined enough to short only the coins you can cover, then I think you will do very well. The futures contracts will only be for 5 BTC, so in the above situation, you would do very well.
It is like writing covered calls or in this case covered puts on a short.  Although if other short interests do not have the luxury of owning the coins they are shorting and somebody decides to do a short squeeze and BTC goes to $100k, you might be kicking yourself that you limited your profits to $8k per coin. :) But you don't seem like the greedy type, so I imagine it wouldn't bother you that much.
My suspicion is that all the Wall Street guys most certainly will not own many, if any, coins that they plan to short. So we could be in for a very fun ride! Good luck my friend!
@_date: 2017-11-18 06:25:40
LOL, I know it is going to be a great show! That is truly ironic because I have had so many PHDs tell me how Bitcoin is not going to last and how anybody with big money will come in and destroy the market and BTC will be gone. Now they are going to get the chance, and as you stated, it could very well be their downfall. 
I wonder if there is a way we can encourage more institutional investors to get involved? I would be a shame for us to buy all that popcorn and then take out one hedge fund and scare the rest out of the game. It would be nice to be able to take a big chunk of the system down all at once! :)