@_author: tradewinds780
@_date: 2013-12-30 04:35:41
I guess I am doomed to keep using fiat.  The executable for OSX file for electrum kept crashing before it even loaded and the sources file for electrum started with "homebrew" but the download link got the 404 page missing error.  So a complete weekend lost and still no secure place to put the stash, if I can ever buy any.  Appreciate your responses and from all I read, before and since, your information in the book is spot on.  This crap reminds me of computing in the early 80's with my Apple 2.
@_date: 2013-12-29 20:02:10
i have a macbook pro with intel2 duo and Mountain Lion.  I have tried it at least a dozen times with both the 64 and 32 version on 2 USB sticks.  It always gets to the first screen where I choose "try ubuntu without installing".  I even tried the install screen a couple of times.  I erased and repartitioned the USB stick before each new try.
I always wind up with the black screen.   I even left it up for an hour in case it took a long time for ubuntu to install.
I am now installing Mountain Lion on the stick.  
I did notice that in your instructions you failed to say when to quit 'terminal".  Somebody might accidentally type into it they leave it running. 
@_date: 2013-12-29 04:08:47
Great timing.  I have just spent the last week reading and trying to figure out how to safely buy coins.  Still can't get them though.  
First time with Terminal and first time with an alternate OS.
I carefully followed directions but when i choose to boot from the efi I get:
Could not open "\EFI\BOOT\fallback.efi": 14 
then a few seconds later:
 "error: file'/boot/ not found"
 then the opening screen.  I choose Try Ubuntu without installing, press enter the screen goes black and stays that way.  
after a while I started to get two efi s.
I will try to reformat the USB and start over.  
This time Ubuntu is a 4 hour download instead of 20 minutes so maybe the first file was not complete.
My main question is why is Ubuntu safer than a clean install of the Mac OS on a reformatted drive that has never been online?
If I ever figure out how to safely get coins, I will send a tip.  I figure they have to get more valuable as the process gets easier.  I remember having to solder my own cables to connect to a modem so that I could send messages thru a bulletin board.  Now look at emai!