@_author: traecarter
@_date: 2014-12-19 18:59:48
Calling the internet "gay" is homophobic? You see........... This is why people like you ruin it for the rest of us. 
Can the "trying to censor what people say because you're going to get offended" bullshit and grow the fuck up. Gay people stole the word 'Gay' for selfish, stupid political reasons, and now all of the sudden I can't use it all unless I mean exactly what they mean? 
You're just being a douchebag on purpose. You know what I mean by the word. Regardless, I don't give a shit. I won't even give up the word faggot, let alone gay. But I'll beat the shit out of someone for mistreating any person based on stupid, discriminatory reasons.
I actually do shit in this world. Enjoy running around Reddit playing speech police, faggot.
@_date: 2014-12-05 14:37:52
I lol'd @ fiat delusion
@_date: 2014-12-18 09:24:45
I'd love to help build a trading platform, or anything really. If anyone is planning to do this, take me with you!
@_date: 2014-12-18 23:36:16
Bitcoin wasn't broken.
@_date: 2014-12-18 08:44:22
You need all kinds of info. I started to fill out the application, was just going to conceptualize as I went, but they ask you about your team and Defensive Strategy and everything lol. It might take a night or two of planning ol' chap.
@_date: 2014-12-18 18:25:59
I see your pain, but hope you realize that the fact that you had gold to trade in the first place makes it very hard to feel sorry about you. 
Complaining rich people who don't even appreciate that they're rich just because they sometimes take losses are the easiest people (and this is historically true) to resent by most humans in society. 
Just saying.
@_date: 2014-12-18 20:46:30
"If you take out a credit card you shoulder that responsibility. Nobody is forcing you to own one. If you want the convenience you take that risk. That's a personal responsibility not the lenders."
This is true in theory, not in practice. Lenders actually bear almost all responsibility under the law, which is the only reason they can no longer lend to broke college students and single mothers who are already in debt up to their heads. They find ways around this of course with payday loans and shit like that, they always have. You don't really believe that the system of credit was invented solely for your convenience, do you? It was made to be convenient for people like you, and to trap the entire rest of the world in debt. I'm not talking about some grand conspiracy, I'm just talking about what debt is, and therefore credit, fundamentally. They are both inherently flawed systems, almost like computer worms, conceptually.
"the perpetrator should be prosecuted."
But the person who's house was raided didn't use a stolen credit card, he also made what he thought was a legitimate purchase. 
Regulate what exactly? Exactly. How could you possibly without basically going N Korea on the internet. This was an alternative which I speculated on, but I don't think it's a good idea.
I did offer another alternative though, it was "don't raid the homes of innocent people". I thought that was obvious.
Sorry about the crazy rambling. That was just crazy rambling. I like to swear though, fucker. It reminds me that I'm on Reddit.
@_date: 2014-12-24 14:13:47
That's actually one of the top questions on my mind all the time.
@_date: 2014-12-18 19:29:32
What are you talking about? Sorry that people are too fucking pussy to stand up for themselves, and just allow themselves to be mistreated by others. 
If I bought something on purse (which I didn't anyways) then it's mine. The person who stole it is a dickhead, sure, but I'm not a dickhead. Get the fuck out of my house.
That's the whole conversation.
@_date: 2014-12-19 00:24:38
Lol more than $0.25 worth??
@_date: 2014-12-05 14:34:53
lol 1v1 me for GGcoin kid
@_date: 2014-12-19 00:32:06
I don't think I'll die haha. I might even get the quarter back!
@_date: 2014-12-18 20:04:25
And Hamas is democratically elected in Palestine.... what's your point? It should be pretty obvious that I'm also questioning the justification for the warrant. -.-
And what's wrong with credit cards? Lets start with the credit part. 
Why do you need credit? To buy things that you can't yet afford. Why do you need to buy those things? You don't. End of story.
It's a trap for people who are less fortunate (or less "responsible", by your privileged lights). People who are less fortunate than you make up almost all of humanity. So sure, it's a great little system for your stupid ass, *thumbs up*. It's also "good for the economy", but isn't it funny how "what's good for the economy" has consistently drained wealth from "the people" for over a century?
P.S. You're all fucking dumb lol. Every kid here. GG.
@_date: 2014-12-18 19:26:01
Sorry you're a pansy, pal. Again, not my problem.
EDIT: Actually, yes, it is my problem. Idiots and fucking pushovers like you who think it's perfectly fine for police to raid your home while you're away because of a purchase you made on a website are my fucking problem. Get a grip, and stop trying to be all "Oh for the love of God" as if you have some intellectual or moral high ground.
You're an idiot.
@_date: 2014-12-18 18:55:52
I would press charges against all the officers who entered your home and the judge who issued the warrant. That's an absolute misconduct of justice and in fact completely criminal. 
I don't give any fucks what you bought. It could have been Justin Bieber's stolen fucking sunglasses-- not your problem. Anybody entering your home on such notions is a criminal, plain and simple.  
@_date: 2014-12-23 22:04:27
Well, I called the internet gay. I wasn't calling anybody any names.
I digressed, mentioning that I also like the word faggot, and then I called you a faggot. It had nothing to do with your sexual orientation.
Why is it okay for me to call a gay friend (or a black friend) whatever I want once they decide to let me? I don't play that game of social anxiety, fear and repression. I won't call my gay friend a faggot unless he is being a faggot. And I don't say nigger, it's not a funny or useful word. Kike also is like, silly bro.. who the fuck says kike? lol. Jews are actually among my favourite of religious people; even if they are mostly idiots, too. 
You grow the fuck up. Mind your own business. 
@_date: 2014-12-18 19:52:26
Are you being intentionally dishonest, or do you just not care about the well-being of other humans? 
Investigating a crime and raiding another innocent party's home are clearly two different things.
Furthermore, I would never, under any circumstances possibly imaginable or conceivable throughout the entire history of humanity, own a credit card. There's your first mistake. 
You see, the problem is, many of you need to start years and years ago to not be complete idiots today. It's too late for most. 
@_date: 2014-12-18 20:16:55
It *is* an inherit flaw in credit cards, how is that not obvious? If you only give credit cards to people like yourself, then fine. 
Credit cards blew up for almost the same reason as Bitcoin-- convenience. I get that. But when they "blew up", that meant everybody had to have one, and the banks obliged. Handing out credit to literally everybody wasn't a mistake, it's called predatory lending. It's an inherit problem with credit, and credit cards just made the scam infinitely easier, and even regulated. 
Asking a question like: "What's wrong with credit cards?" should get you laughed out of a place like this. 
As for the police, that's a good question. The only way to prevent this kind of thing from happening is with more regulation. So we have to decide if that's what we want.
We can either let people learn the hard way, and keep the internet. Or we can regulate it to fuck so that all the pansies are safe. Admittedly, allowing all the pansies to be safe is the only way to maintain any kind of legitimate purchasing system over the internet (hence the genius of blockchain), and this is what drives a lot of innovation.
But I actually don't give a shit. It's all of you fucking people who are only concerned with making money over the internet that made it gay in the first place. It's my opinion that you should all fuck off and stop promoting your Twitter posts and shoving ads in my face when I watch a Youtube video. 
So yeah, the police can try to investigate it locally, but if they're going to start regulating the internet, or kicking in doors of innocent people, I'm not down for that. You are though, and apparently most of Reddit is, so that's cool. Reddit is fucking pansies too lol.
@_date: 2014-12-18 19:02:20
Which is why it's genius-- I don't give a shit if I'm holding the bag. That's just a joke. The cops get to me, realize what happened, and then walk away having failed at their jobs like usual. 
We all just get a laugh, and some kid somewhere who probably deserves the money more than you gets rich!
@_date: 2014-12-18 18:42:56
He has a bit of a point though. Only early adopters have any chance of making any real money here (and already incredibly wealthy people, of course). Most real people don't have an excess couple grand to buy Bitcoin; it's just already way too expensive. I've been interested in Bitcoin since about a year before the bubble, but even since then I have never managed to get my hand on an entire Bitcoin all at once. 
Don't get me wrong, I think Bitcoin is going places. This guy is just pissed that he has a ton of money and no clue how to use it, that's his own fault. 
The technology is beautiful, but if you take a look at anything truly beautiful and intelligent, it's sitting on a shelf somewhere because humanity is, at a nearly a 100% ratio, stupid as all fucking hell allows. Just completely retarded, shallow, nonthinking animals who roam around blindly in search of pleasure and stimulation. I think this will be the reason Bitcoin will take longer than the average 5 years for tech trends.