@_author: trailblazer34
@_date: 2018-06-22 22:07:02
Honestly, what causes this panic selling? Out of nowhere massive volume and they all sell so that the February lows would be breached. 
Someone just decided *now* is the time to sell massively after of near two months of almost constant losses? If anything times like this are the worse to sell at such volumes.
Whoever is selling?
@_date: 2018-03-10 07:04:50
I bet you would if they actually do cared to kill you.
Thing is that they would dance this before battle. It would avoid enough bloodshed as it would communicate that I'm crazy enough to stop at nothing and i bet it was communicated much more powerfully in an era where the warriors meant it.
It seems funny in our era but it *is* a sort of protopacifism. It communicates that we don't have to fight if the result is to be certain...
@_date: 2018-03-10 01:56:48
Which is why I never said or implied of selling at current price,I used an average price of sale which is well in the purview of what actually happened.
Also my post was a hypothetical. Not something that actually happened, but rather something that could well pulled off if carefully planned given the immaturity of the market.
Read my post more carefully.
@_date: 2018-03-10 13:32:12
Gah, can't. You're not outta to kill me.
It is dorksih without an almot psysycopathic need to kill.
Murder some, create infamy and then dance this if we wish to be proper.
@_date: 2018-03-08 14:50:35
How is it good news? A guy with a small amount (as compared to the total amount / traffic) managed to halve the price with just a few sales.
If anything it shows how is it for the market to be manipulated with a few million $. Imagine someone doing it deliberately. Selling at $12k (with an average sale price of around $9k) and then "catching the fall" with his own buys at $6k.... he would as well buy all his bitcoins back at the fraction of the cost they had to own them beforehand. So he both stays in the game *and* made some serious bank on the side.
If anything, it shows how bad the exchanges need to be regulated. No lone bad actors should be able to have such power over any market especially when the livelihood of people is concerned. I mean (in my example) there would be a guy making money in the back of small folk. Is that what we want bitcoin to be? Exchanges should had been regulated ... yesterday. You can't have so many billions on a market and allow for such easy manipulations...