@_author: tranceline
@_date: 2018-01-19 03:38:50
Pretty much EVERYTHING I've been sent had been recorded or written far in the past. One email mentions a Bitcoin spike to nearly $5000... So that email was originally written mid last year.   The video is also pre-recorded and mentions NOTHING about what to buy.
Two days ago, when the crypto market crashed I got the first and ONLY email that addressed current events.  It recommended to not panic sell and to "hold your position in BTC and ETH" and even increase if you could (buy more).  
Other than that, there's been absolutely nothing specific nor current.  
@_date: 2018-01-18 21:33:35
I purchased this BS Cryptocurrency program just a couple weeks ago and let me just say…DON’T!!
DON’T DO IT! PLEASE SAVE YOUR MONEY!!
TL:DR - yes…it is essentially a scam - virtually no actionable info, long winded self hype, nothing worth anything, complete pain to refund
After purchasing, I have been bombarded with 3–5 emails a day that are incredibly LONG reads and have ZERO actionable information. They are complete hype about himself, his books, how he made his fortune, and NOTHING about how you can do it too.
Videos on his website are lengthy with essentially NO ACTIONABLE INFORMATION. The only actionable info is so utterly simple and basic, a monkey could figure it out. For Example - “How to set up an Exchange Account”. Why do you need James to show you that?
Then there’s the upsell. “If you want my SUPER DUPER HYPER MAGIC Information that I don’t give to ANYONE…just upgrade to the LIFETIME program for $200 more! If you do, I will tell you things that I don’t tell ANYONE ELSE….BUY NOW!!!” Why do I pay for a subscription where you don’t give me info that I thought I was paying for? Isn’t that why I PAY for a subscription?
Then there’s the “Webinar”. I got multiple emails daily for 5 days hyping the webinar for 100,00% Crypto Secrets. LOOOONG drawn out emails filled with ridiculous hype but no real INFO. Then the day comes, I get an email message that the webinar is beginning…its just a pre-recorded video that could have been posted to the website and watched at my convenience…not at 1pm while I’m at work. So I watched for 30 minutes…and guess what…NO ACTIONABLE INFO. Admittedly, I didn’t finish the webinar. After 30 minutes with nothing but talking in circles about how awesome his information is, I was done.
So…I’m done…I want a refund. But guess what. There’s a link on the website that just says “You read the refund policy when you signed up and its written in your welcome email”. Wait..what? Why not just put the refund policy right there on the website where it says “Refund Policy”? Why do I have to chase it?
So I look for the info in my welcome email. I look for it… and look for it… and look for it. Then I realize that the Refund Policy is written in light blue text over a slightly darker blue background. They blend so well its easy to miss. If you’re color blind, you simply can’t see it. Guess what the refund policy states? You can only request a refund by mail. Physical snail mail. What? And I’m just guessing…but your letter is going to get “lost” in the mail…
I’ve sent an email demanding my refund…we’ll see what they say.
SCAM