@_author: translator-throwaway
@_date: 2014-10-29 12:23:38
To help you out, I did a translation of (most of) your site, shown below. (I translated all the pages which can be accessed *without* signing up / logging in.)
Source: I am a professional, award-winning translator, native in English (US).
Please, there is no need to tip me or pay me. I just want to help more Bitcoin businesses get started. Best of luck in your endeavors!
Welcome! Please log in or sign up.
Banc de Bitcoin
Buy Bitcoins with your Credit Card
Number of Bitcoins to be purchased
Maximum for new users is 60 EUR
Levels and Limits
Certain limits on deposits (with Visa and MasterCard) are derived from your Account Level. Your Account Level is determined based on the cumulative number of days starting from your first successful deposit (with Visa or Master Card), in accordance with the following table:
Limits in EUR
(Credit Card) 
Level 0 - Immediately
Level 1 - After 10 days 
Level 2 - After 30 days 
Level 3 - After 90 days
per 24 hours 
60 100 200 300
per 30 days 
180 500 2000 3000
The amounts in the table are given in Euros. The Dashboard page displays your current Account Level and limits. The current 24-hour and 30-day limits are calculated continuously based on your previous transactions, and are displayed in the transaction history on your account Dashboard.
How do I buy Bitcoins with Banc de Bitcoin?
1) Select the amount of Bitcoins you wish to buy, or alternatively enter the amount in Euros you wish to invest in BTC.
2) Click on the "Buy" button and then sign up at the Banc de Bitcoin, using your e-mail address or your Facebook account.
3) On our checkout page you can choose among several payment options to complete your order.
If you are already signed up, please use your e-mail address or your Facebook account to log in. You will be redirected to your personal Dashboard where you can purchase additional Bitcoins. This page also lets you send your BTC balance to an online Bitcoin wallet of your choice.
How do I transfer Bitcoins to an external wallet?
At the top right in the header section of the website you will see the "Transfer" button, which allows you to transfer your Bitcoin.
IMPORTANT! To protect our customers, it is not possible to change your Bitcoin wallet data afterwards, without first contacting our team and providing clear proof that you are the rightful owner of the account.
Although most Bitcoin transfers are processed immediately, due to security reasons it may occasionally be necessary for us to review the operations manually (for example, to re-create accounts).
These procedures may take up to 48 hours. Please verify that you have received a confirmation e-mail after you have made a withdrawal.
Are there any additional costs for transfers / payments?
There are no additional costs.
Where can I get an online Bitcoin wallet?
In order to get a Bitcoin wallet, please go to bitcoin.org
Banc de Bitcoin
Buy Bitcoins with your Credit Card
Buy Now
Home   |   FAQ   |   Contact Us   |   Log In   |   Sign Up   |   Terms and Conditions
Copyright © 2014 Koabel Trading Limited. All rights reserved. Designated trademarks and brands are the property of their respective owners.
Agias Eleni, 36 - Galaxias Commercial Center - 4th Floor, Suite 401 - 1061, Nicosia, Cyprus
Contact Banc de Bitcoin
All requests are processed within 48 hours.
You may also contact us directly at:
support 
KOABEL TRADING LIMITED -
Agias Elenis, 36 -
GALAXIAS COMMERCIAL CENTER -
4th Floor, Suite 401 -
1061, Nicosia, Cyprus
Send message
Log In
Not signed up yet? Sign up now!
Log in with Facebook
Forgot your password?
Log In
ANTI-MONEY LAUNDERING (AML) POLICIES:
The purpose of the anti-money laundering policies of Banc de Bitcoin is to prevent money laundering, in compliance with the obligations of this legislation. This includes the need for adequate systems and controls to reduce the risk of the company being misused for economic crime. These guidelines establish certain minimum standards to be followed, including:
- Building and maintaining a risk-based approach (RBA) in relation to the assessment and management of financial risks from money laundering and terrorist financing;
- Creating and maintaining a risk-based customer due diligence, identification, verification and "know-your-customer" process, including enhanced due diligence for customers posing a higher risk, such as politically exposed persons (PEPs);
- Establishing and maintaining risk-based systems and methods for monitoring ongoing customer activities;
- Following procedures for reporting suspicious activities, both internally and to the appropriate law enforcement agencies, as required;
- Maintaining appropriate recordkeeping for the above.
TRANSLATOR'S NOTES: 
(1) I consistently translated German "registrieren" as English "sign up". 
Other sites (including reddit) use an alternative English word for this: "register". 
Please log in / sign up
Please log in / register
If you are already signed up (at/with our site) ...
If you are already registered (at/with our site) ...
(2) I have done a proofreading and spell-check of the English version.
@_date: 2014-10-29 22:38:03
Thank you for the positive feedback!
As a professional translator, I may be able to help out on future copy work you might need in order to encourage the use of Bitcoin, when I have free time.
I can translate: *from* German, French, Spanish, Portuguese (and possibly Russian), *to* English.
(As many of you may know, translation professionals are generally considered to be qualified to translate only *to* their "mother tongue", in order to make sure that everything sounds natural. The only language which I am professionally qualified to translate *to* is English, as this is my native language.)
I have several years of experience in business and technical writing, editing, translating, document production and web design - and depending on availability I would be happy to provide translations to help businesses or organizations involved with Bitcoin.
I would also encourage other multilingual users of of this sub-Reddit, who might be native in languages other than English, to offer translations into their native languages to help raise awareness of Bitcoin for people around the world.
@_date: 2014-11-06 19:23:16
Wow, thanks /w/walloon5 - that's a pretty big tip (and the first tip I've ever received), I really appreciate it!
@_date: 2014-10-29 22:41:58
Glad to help out. A translation of this size (just a couple of pages, really), is easy to produce in a short amount of time.
I am impressed that you have been able to jump through all the legal, regulatory and risk-management "hoops" in order to provide a way for people to use their credit cards to purchase bitcoins.
In addition to Bitcoin itself being decentralized, it is important for the fiat-bitcoin interface to also be decentralized. So sites like yours are important, and I wish you the best of luck!
