@_author: travofoz
@_date: 2017-11-06 22:08:59
Yeah you definitely have a point bip process is preferable. 
Youre probably right and, it's a case of 'we are all here. We can agree on this for now; something is better than nothing. It's not binding. It looks like we were successful.'
@_date: 2017-11-06 15:48:47
That sounds great. I'm open to using all kinds of alternate crypto currency. 
Merchants, on the other hand, don't seem to be as flexible.
@_date: 2017-11-06 19:01:48
Yeah that's what is important for a currency -- it's valuation in Monopoly money, not its utility in serving as an exchange for goods and services. I hope you make lots of money. I don't think 2x was ever a threat to you.
@_date: 2017-11-06 13:06:32
How frequently do you make btc transactions? You like how long it takes? You like the insane fees on otherwise small tx? If you are a btc "investor" it probably doesn't matter to you. I like to consider myself a btc user. Fees and delays matter a lot to me. I don't give a fuck who gets rich as long as they add value by treating the cancers killing btc -- one of which is blocksize.  
@_date: 2017-11-06 18:47:36
You keep thinking that thousands of years of history is wrong. Currency works the way it does because on a certain irreducible level it has a common set of properties.
If you lost little pieces of gold every time you made a tx, it wouldn't be nearly as useful as a currency as it was. 
A challenger will come / may have already came that will / does work better than Bitcoin and will hurt it. 
Keep thinking first to market is everything. Failure to innovate is death.
Gold meet fiat, 
Steam meet internal combustion, 
Nsca mosaic meet netscape, 
Sys v meet linux, 
Dial up meet broadband, 
Bitcoin's only utility to me is as a low friction medium to exchange goods and services.
I'm just waiting for bitpay to turn up bch for bitpay enabled merchants.
When people see &lt;+10% vs. usd a year they are gone too. The risk will be to high compared to other high risk high yield investments. 
Also. I think you mention Ukraine using it for deeds. That's cool. It's neet. So if the Russians got beef with Ukraine they have beef with the blockchain? Oh wait, they already have beef with Bitcoin.
I don't see anything going horribly wrong with that. LOL
(Please please please don't use our blockchain Ukraine.)
@_date: 2017-11-06 16:30:09
That is exactly what this is -- an increase in block size.
You are operating in some reality distortion field if these are two different things.
There is a fork because core does oppose a block size increase. They oppose you.
Some ppl said 'btc core are not the boss of me' and agreed to increase the block size.
That is all. Everything else is a bunch of unimportant noise. 
If you don't support this fork you support btc core dictating their arbitrary pov to you. 
If you support this fork then you support decentralization and the anarchist nature of "we'll do what we want and if enough people agree -- HIVE MIND"
I look at it like this. Btc core are like the first Foundation. 2x is like the second Foundation. (Issac Asimov foundation ref)
@_date: 2017-11-06 16:10:26
Well I really like well-engineered, thoughtful, elegant solutions. I have a very special affection for well designed and executed systems.
However, sometimes, even with strong reservations, I find myself forced to choose a quick, dirty, and even temporary back rather than wait indefinitely for a better solution. 
This shouldn't even be framed as a fork. It's a software upgrade. ..
&lt;Rant&gt; I didn't want to do this. 
Listen, the way software development works is the client lays out requirements and the developers engineer a solution. Somehow it seems Bitcoin core thinks it might be the other way around. They think they can dictate and control and frame this using some trickery.
There is no replay protection because it's not a fork - it's an upgrade. 
It's not an upgrade to provide new features but instead to meet elements of the original use case. It's supposed to be a currency not some voodoo hot investment digital gold or whatever.
The 1mb block limit is completely arbitrary and unjustified in the face of both the very real problems it creates and the lack of a viable alternative.
Some people said "hey, we'll do it ourselves."
You can make the argument they are trying to ram 2x down our throats but not without making the argument that core has also been fucking us in the ass with 1mb block limit.
Given the choice... Id rather swallow? 
Excuse the colorful language, but it is what it is.
@_date: 2017-11-06 18:21:27
Why would you submit a bip that core was going to reject? 
'technically unsound - rejected'
The author kind of glossed over the BIP process huh? That's pretty in important in this context. 
Kind of makes you wonder if he didn't know any better or deliberately failed to mention that