@_author: travelling-canadian
@_date: 2017-07-23 21:27:43
Sure. It's a great means to transfer wealth without the middlemen. Convergent series have a limit as you approach infinity, but not when it comes to the quantum realm. I'm also not saying we should use Adenosine Triphosphate as a form of currency. Lastly, who is going to explain to 8 billion people on the planet this wonderful currency, humans are not that intelligent to readily adopt new ideas. In the end, it's energy which makes the world go round.
@_date: 2017-07-23 16:49:48
What I don't understand about bitcoin is 1) won't quantum computers be able to simultaneously hack all the blockchains? 2) since bitcoin is a "limited" resource, why isn't it distributed evenly throughout all the world's population? (If you want global adoption) 3) what's stopping governments from implementing their own cryptocurreny? This makes bitcoin just a competitor and nothing special since it has no army. 4) no matter what form of currency you use, the people in control always cheat the weak, since I own no bitcoin, why would I accept payment in bitcoin when I am not "equal" to any person with bitcoins?
@_date: 2017-07-23 20:56:37
I see the benefits, but why would people adopt a system that's already putting them at a disadvantage compared to the early adopters? In that respect its similar to any form of currency. Our understanding of mathematics changes, so the formula to limit bitcoin to a set number....may be disproven. The ultimalte "currency" is energy, that's what the universe uses.
@_date: 2017-07-23 21:54:32
Teleportation isn't magic. China is far [ahead]( I'm also fairly sure China wants to stop the flow of currency out of their country, which is why they have their own crytocurrency and are cosying up to Canada. 
@_date: 2017-07-23 20:09:55
Thanks. I watched the video and still more questions. 1) if we are to assume that the signing and hashing algorithms are swapped for quantum keys, wouldn't they be accessible everywhere simultaneously by everyone (through quantum entanglement?), we shouldn't assume the laws of physics will stay the same on all levels. 2) energy representation; if one bitcoin represents X amount of energy, how many bitcoins is the sun?...3) as I have travelled the world I have seen first hand how one culture doesn't readily accept the currency of another culture... why would one form of energy trump another form? 4) I don't equate equality with net worth, my issue is that it's another form of fiat currency...how many bitcoin to buy planet earth? 5) bitcoin seems like it's only going to be used as a derivative to transfer wealth, (you can buy property in Vancouver in bitcoin) what happens when this transfer imbalances the current economics of the planet/country (housing bubbles)?