@_author: tree32432156
@_date: 2017-12-15 17:50:14
Hey guys and gals,
In this wee little post ill explain why im scaling back my btc standings either by taking some profits or hedging against it.
Now, I love btc. Its great, it’s the OG and face of the whole crypto market but it has some serious problems. Its slow, expensive, inflated af and bad for the environment.
Long term: scalability and mining. I’m one of those people that thinks that the block size should have been doubled. We’re not yet at a stage where block size is an issue (I could be wrong) and lightning network wont be out for a while so why not have a small, short term improvement? Mining uses a crazy amount of power, tons of co2. Not great at all. This along with scalability will have to be fixed before mainstream adoption.
Short term: tether. Put your tin foil hats on cos im a firm believer in tether blowing up major time real soon. Around $1bn has been printed so far and with each tether being usable multiple times, im betting tethers existance has blown bitcoins price way up. When the tether cancer is dealt with, the lack of tether will cause a crash, the scandal will fuel the crash. With a lot of talk of bitcoin in mainstram media, tether blowing up will be amplified massively. People will start screaming how they knew all along that it was a scam and blah blah blah. That’s probably when ill buy back in.
For now however, im probably gonna take some profits and treat myself for crimbo or find a hedge against bitcoin for the short term.
Now guys, rip me to shreds. Tell me why im an idiot or support my views but I need some outside opinion so lay into me.
@_date: 2017-12-20 02:00:45
I've said this before on here and on twitter.
I have nothing agains Bcash as a coin. its pretty much the same as litecoin but fuck me, roger makes my blood boil.
Not only cos hes a dickhead but cos being a dickhead is making him SOOOO much money.
From dirty business tactics (claiming bitcoin.com and using it for bcash) to these attacks. this is like the 3rd one right?
i dont mind though, all altcoin pairs are in BTC so eventhough btc is slow, expensive and kind of shite, it will bounce back,
Strap in and get your wallets ready cos we could have some nice buy opportunities
@_date: 2017-11-16 19:12:24
Life Goals...