@_author: trentmc0
@_date: 2015-06-15 08:46:02
Hi, I'm ascribe's CTO. 
You could make a million copies of a piece of work, and no one will stop you. Put them on the torrents, whatever. That's the nature of digital! But if you want to to be able to publicly display it, loan it, re-sell it, etc, it's an entirely different story. To do so, you need the appropriate legal rights -- copyright rights -- to the work.
To "own" an edition of digital art work is about having copyright rights. An artist automatically gets copyright rights as soon as he creates the work. He can then bestow rights to others: to display the work publicly, re-sell, loan, etc via an ownership transfer. This rights transfer is part of a legal contract baked into ascribe's terms of service. 
Therefore the core of the action is in the legal contract, not the blockchain. The blockchain is useful, as a time-stamping mechanism for extra proof that the transaction happened, without having to rely on ascribe's internal databases. 
ascribe makes the legal transfer of IP rights as simple as sending an email.
@_date: 2015-05-14 06:28:22
When someone registers a work on ascribe, they are making the claim "I have the copyright rights to this work". And when a transfer is done, it can transfer copyright rights.. Copyright is actually in every legal system on earth, thanks to the World Intellectual Property Office guidelines. The cool thing is that ascribe makes it easy for the *individual* to manage copyright rights, rather than being the realm of the corporation. Re enforcement: if there is an ownership dispute it will ultimately end up in a court of law, once again an existing legal mechanism that is designed to take in evidence and make an assessment. 
IP should be a tool that individuals can easily wield. That's ascribe's aim.
@_date: 2015-05-09 15:29:32
Great question! The answer is Yes. In fact we have a full time lawyer on staff who has lived and breathed copyright law for the last 10 years. This really, really matters. The "real action" happens in the contract embedded in the terms of service; the blockchain is used as a time-stamping for evidence that the transaction took place.
@_date: 2015-05-14 11:35:16
I just gave my tip 
My email is trent
Looking forward to my edition!
@_date: 2015-05-14 06:18:32
The Open Assets protocol is fantastic. (Hi Flavien!) At ascribe we had looked into using it, as it would be silly to reinvent the wheel. But for ascribe it did not meet two of our key needs:
(1) Features: unique editions (e.g. owning edition 3/10, versus OA quantities); loan; consign; and more.
(2) Legal approach: to connect to value in the real world, ascribe's approach is that the legals happen in the contract embedded in the terms of service. The blockchain is used to provide evidence that the transaction happened. In contrast, OA assumes that the value being transferred is on the blockchain. It's a coin that's tagged to something, hence the label "colored coin". 
Multisig is cool, ascribe is looking at it as one of the ways to enhance security. (Along with 2FA and more.)
@_date: 2015-05-14 06:13:29
I'm ascribe's CTO. 
In a digital world, because things can be copied easily, you need to demonstrate that you had access to the private key related to owning the item. This is accomplished by a digital (cryptographic) signature. ascribe's certificates of authenticity have this.
@_date: 2015-05-14 06:22:37
Re: Why are they not using colored coin or a similar asset tracking protocol?
Hi, this is Trent from ascribe. The Open Assets protocol is fantastic. At ascribe we had looked into using it, as it would be silly to reinvent the wheel. But for ascribe it did not meet two of our key needs: (1) Features: unique editions (e.g. owning edition 3/10, versus OA quantities); loan; consign; and more. (2) Legal approach: to connect to value in the real world, ascribe's approach is that the legals happen in the contract embedded in the terms of service. The blockchain is used to provide evidence that the transaction happened. In contrast, OA assumes that the value being transferred is on the blockchain. It's a coin that's tagged to something, hence the label "colored coin".
Re: considered making multisig addresses for the transfers too then?
Multisig is cool, we're looking at it as one of the ways to enhance security. (Along with 2FA and more.) Do remember however that the actual value is in the contract, and the blockchain is for evidence. This makes things naturally more secure, as ownership disputes get resolved by courts or 3rd party arbitration, vs. hackers stealing your key.
Re: I would also like the possibility of changing conditions of the contract.
We already support custom contracts for loans. Soon, elsewhere too. This stuff really, really matters and for that reason we've brought on a lawyer full time to make sure we get all of this right, from the start.
@_date: 2015-05-09 17:11:27
Each party has a give and a get. We gave Ella $ (via Paypal), we got copyright rights (via ascribe). If it was just the $ side then there would have been no transfer of copyright rights. If you like, you can give me $20; I'll let you know if you get anything;)
@_date: 2015-05-10 13:29:02
It feels like we've been talking past each other --miscommunicating -- and I asked myself why. Perhaps it's this: Perhaps there was an implicit assumption that selling a digital good is as easy as selling a physical one. Turns out that digital is more complicated.
When it's physical, it can be defined very easily - it's the thing in your hands. You simply hand over the painting.
When it's digital, you need to specify it quite precisely in licensing terms: where it can be used, can it be revised, who can use it, and so on. It's complicated enough that for the sale of a simple digital art work, traditionally a lawyer was needed. 
What ascribe helps with is defining those terms, inside a terms of service, and making them simple to use for a typical artist or gallerist or collector. In just a couple clicks, you've transferred ownership, loaned a work, consigned a work, etc.
The blockchain serves as evidence of this transaction (ascribe makes this easy too.) A simple PayPal receipt wouldn't be evidence because it wouldn't define enough. Yes, you could embed the contract in the PayPal receipt, as evidence instead of the blockchain. But you'd still need to define the contract. And have buyer and seller agree to it (or consigner/consignee, loaner/loanee). This is precisely what ascribe makes easy. 
ascribe makes it easy beyond PayPal too. We used PayPal here because that's what the artist asked for. Elsewhere, we use bitcoin. (E.g. with  Or cash. 
I hope that clarifies things.
PS Our art lawyer friends love the service because they can focus their practice on more interesting problems:)
@_date: 2015-05-09 16:05:18
Thanks for the q. The actual purchase happens via a copyright-transfer contract embedded in the terms of service. The blockchain is evidence for a court of law that no company can take away. PayPal only stores evidence of a monetary transfer, not of an IP transfer.
@_date: 2015-05-09 15:45:03
Great question! Payment processing and ownership processing are two orthogonal things. You can use whatever mechanism you like for each. 
For payment processing, it could be PayPal, bitcoin, cash face-to-face, bank transfer, free hugs for a week, whatever. In the link above, we used PayPal. With Cointemporary, people use bitcoin.
For ownership processing, you need some way to legally declare that the appropriate copyrights have been transferred from one party to another; the ascribe service makes this easy.
@_date: 2015-05-14 06:10:26
There's value because in being an owner, you have copyright rights: you have full legal right to re-sell, loan, consign, etc. Ascribe makes it easy to establish, and transfer these rights. The value is in the title (copyright) not the copy. Copy copy copy!
@_date: 2015-05-14 06:06:49
In the case of ascribe, you have full legal rights to re-sell your edition, loan it (e.g. to museums), consign it, and more. ascribe makes copyright -- once the realm of the corporation -- easily accessible for the individual. But anyone can copy! Trying to stop that would be ridiculous, it would be fighting the physics of bits. (And that's why classic DRM is ridiculous.) "Copy copy copy copy!" as Amanda Palmer says.
@_date: 2015-05-09 16:17:45
Proof of the transaction having happened is the most important thing to have decentralized, and for that, bitcoin works. Given that more people know about bitcoin than the rest, the idea is easier to digest. But we think namecoin, storj, and others too like ipfs, blockstore, etc. are cool!
@_date: 2015-05-09 18:09:07
Thanks for the love:)
For those who'd like to buy blockchain-ascribed art with bitcoin, I heartily recommend checking out 
@_date: 2015-08-20 07:52:09
Hi, I'm the CTO of ascribe. Ownership is handled by good old-fashioned legals of copyright &amp; contract law. Ascribe's UX makes that as easy as sending an email. We use the blockchain as a way to time-stamp all ownership transactions, so that you don't have to rely on / trust ascribe's databases at all. 
More details:
-ascribe tour: 
-ascribe FAQ: 
-video, whitepaper: 
@_date: 2016-05-26 17:26:54
A good ad network runs 500K tps. Global email &gt; 1M.
Let's say that Bitcoin could somehow handle 1e6x more throughput. Then, rather than growing by 25 GB per year, it would grow by 25 PB. So if you wanted to have your own full node, you'd be having to download dozens of Petabytes. Basically, your own datacenter. 
@_date: 2016-05-26 18:19:54
I am happy to engage in civil discussions. Nuff said.
@_date: 2016-05-27 09:37:41
I prefer civility. Have a nice day.
@_date: 2016-05-26 18:46:14


It was still at v0.3. Assuming you have experience in software, you know that 0.3 is not production ready. We also communicated elsewhere more explicitly. But we acknowledge, not explicitly enough, and in the last couple weeks we've taken steps to align expectations better. 


Disagree. Here's a couple examples. I prefer if Jeff Bezos doesn't have the ability to pull the plug on everything in my AWS-based SQL store. And you know when Wikipedia goes offline for a day to promote a cause? They're good guys and all, but that's a lot of power in just a couple peoples' hands. (Thanks to the Eth Swarm guys for this last example:) Imagine instead if blob storage, DB storage, etc is just "there", like oxygen. You can upload stuff, pay for it to be around a while, and you don't have to worry about it going away because someone pulls the plug. And you can query against it, etc, like you would expect from any modern DB technology.
@_date: 2016-05-26 18:01:00
A good ad network runs 500K tps. Global email &gt; 1M. Shall I go on?
@_date: 2016-05-26 17:35:15
Business model is the standard one that open source database companies use, such as MongoDB and RethinkDB. Which is: AGPL license for the base software, and (eventually) an enterprise version which has a few features to make life easier. It's designed to balance the growth of the software for community with having a healthy company that's driving the software forward.
@_date: 2016-05-13 21:58:31
Hi, This is Trent from BigchainDB.
First: we aim to be transparent about security. Recently: 
Second : drop db has several possible sol'ns, it's not a fundamental flaw. This is all engineering.
Third: to me, passionate negativity is a good sign. My prev co had it, now 18 of the top 20 semis use it. Real eng.
Finally : I'll leave the dogma to others. I'm building useful systems for the real world. Scale matters.
I have to admit, I'm not sure what this post is doing in the bitcoin thread. BigchainDB was never designed with the same problem class in mind as bitcoin. It's like comparing an suv to a ferrari. Different goals. I wish bitcoin the best.
@_date: 2016-05-13 22:04:12
Correct, ascribe.io uses bitcoin. We found that it did not fit our scalability needs, which prompted us to work on BigchainDB.
Incorrect that we only care about scalability. 
It's tradeoffs between perf security and complexity. Independent rethinkdb nodes is one possible approach that increases security, but hurts perf and complexity (you need a full fledged consensus algorithm at the top level). As time goes on we plan to offer different tradeoffs of perf and security. 
@_date: 2016-05-26 17:19:05
The history of BigchainDB is: 
-2010 we learned about Bitcoin
-2013 we decided to build an app on Bitcoin, to solve a specific problem: how do artists get compensated on the internet? This was long before blockchain was even a concept to anyone, let alone to marketers.
-2014 we felt the pain of Bitcoin's scaling challenges
-2015 the pain was sufficiently acute that we engineered a solution, for our needs and the needs of many others.
We are builders. We are engineers. We are solving real world problems. The real world problems that we deal with need scale.
@_date: 2016-05-26 17:59:01
"Byzantine" has a very specific  definition. It covers a far broader set of failures than you would see in the real world, but at a huge performance expense. It makes theorists happy. I like theory, but I prefer to ship real world solutions. 
But what's cool is that there's another way: design for the failures that would realistically happen, without the massive compromise in performance. And have really great backup all the time so that there can't be catastrophic failure. 
@_date: 2016-05-27 09:37:19
Agreed, normal databases are not designed for adversarial solutions. That's part of the point of BigchainDB. 
Re the rest: I prefer civility. Have a nice day.
@_date: 2016-05-26 17:28:52
I'm happy to engage in this sub thread if we all agree that it's all shades of gray along the "tamper-resistance" scale. Nothing provides "absolute" immutability. 
@_date: 2016-05-13 22:06:14
Thanks for the love! ;) We're transparent about where we're at, and  where we're headed. As mentioned above, db drop has several possible engineering solutions.
@_date: 2016-05-26 17:24:10


Um, no. It adds decentralized control, immutability, and assets to the distributed database that it built on.  elaborates on the how and the why.


...solves a different problem. It uses Bitcoin so that two entities can set up a separate payment channel between themselves, where each individual channel can have quite high throughput. (Some call these dark pools). Those payment channels are opaque to the rest of Bitcoin. BigchainDB is designed to give transparency at a level of global consensus. Different problems.
@_date: 2016-05-26 18:18:32
As mentioned above, Lightning network solves a different problem. Essentially, it gives intransparent channels between entities, on the side.
Full kudos to people researching sharding. Obviously not a new concept. We happily leverage the great R&amp;D done over thousands of man-years to have highly scalable sharding solutions.
Re the other comments: I prefer civility. Have a nice day.
@_date: 2016-05-26 18:37:28
Everyone has their own definition of blockchain. Many of them basically try to define it narrowly enough that it's only Bitcoin, lol. I accept those bullet points as one possible definition. 
* You miss a couple key ones. Decentralized control (no single entity owns or controls) is, I believe, critical. Otherwise those bullets above can all be met with a centralized data store, which I assume was not your intention. I also think that the ability for assets to "live" on the storage medium is incredibly important, whether those assets are digital currency tokens or something else. 
* Censorship resistance is only interesting for some applications; but there are many applications where better pointers to identity is  crucial. Eg almost all banking applications, social media, compensating creators for their work.
* Immutability and permance are all shades of gray of better tamper-resistance. 
* Global consensus and time-stamping. Yep. Just like traditional distributed databases
* Security. This is all shades of gray too. To me the main criteria is that you want to be able to handle actors in the ecosystem performing malicious acts, for practical settings. Actors include server nodes, clients, the network itself.
I think if you want a blockchain technology to actually affect the world, you also need scale. 
BigchainDB is designed to offer all of the above, according to the pragmatic definitions I've supplied. The exception is censorship resistance, for reasons above. As I've communicated elsewhere, it's a work in progress as we improve against these criteria and more. 
@_date: 2016-05-26 17:32:38
That part was a copy-and-paste from twitter. I had decided to preserve the exact same text, to keep the comment consistent.
What I mean is: for any invention that has potential ground breaking potential, there are going to be haters. So be it. But not only that, it's a positive thing because it means that you might be on to something. (The tech could still be terrible. But if you have great tech and no passioniate negativity, you should probably try something different.)
In my previous company, Solido, there were also haters. (And, interestingly, also mostly by people who perceive themselves as competitors. Though they don't always disclose it. I guess that makes sense too!) 
In that company, 18 of the top 20 semiconductor companies are now customers. The technology is in every iphone, every android, it's everywhere. 
Here's to the passionate negativity:)
@_date: 2016-05-26 17:33:19
Thanks for the compliment (I think it was a compliment?) :)
But honestly, I believe that excellent communication is important. Most great engineers that I know are actually excellent communicators.