@_author: trevorwimbley
@_date: 2014-05-05 13:26:52
To me, it seems that the insiders are shilling on all fronts. All forums and chats are being attacked with pro-Bitcoin propaganda. In reality, Bitcoin does not have a place in this world as it exists today. This is a cold hard truth. The "early adopters" are all in a little club, and they mass-manipulate the market as well as the market sentiment. I wouldn't be surprised if most of the posters here, and a fair amount of the subscribers, are early adopter shills. In the end, since all holders stand to gain, there is quite a bit a biased sentiment and decision-making running rampant through this system, leaving the community immensely vulnerable to mass manipulation. You wanted no regulation and decentralization -- you got it. Is it really better than the banks? Ask the Goxxies.
edit : and yes, you seem to be right. My post was immediately voted on, both upvotes and down, and many of them. It is not the Reddit voting system. Somebody has some lamp servers with rotating IPs and Python scripts and is causing some trouble. Most likely for the aforementioned reasons ie making Bitcoin seem more significant than it really is. Hell, I actually know people personally that could completely destroy Bitcoin single-handedly with their net worth, and not even truly feel the hit. Wake the fuck up -- it is Monopoly money but worse -- atleast you can play Monopoly with Monopoly money. At least tulips are pretty.
Get out while you still can.
@_date: 2014-05-06 05:32:18
someone who made 20 percent on a small BTC investment and got the fuck out of there. just like im gonna do with this sub.
@_date: 2014-05-05 19:46:02
It isn't odd. It makes perfect sense. They are trying to project the image that this subreddit and its associated technologies are being monitored and are cared about by a lot more people than it actually is. More people means higher potential market cap.  Downvotes, upvotes, it doesn't matter. If it were me pulling the strings, I'd set the Reddit bots to battle, making each post seem like it was highly contentions simply for existing. That sort of sentiment would make the anti-establishment Bitcoin extremist community very ready to display their confidence in BTC by buying more to "stick it to the man"...I wonder who would benefit from intelligent, innovative liberatians becoming destitute and thus losing all influence and relevance...