@_author: trhwoaway1743
@_date: 2013-04-08 23:31:03
This is why I hold the unpopular opinion, to this subreddit, that bitcoin is not going to be the great crypto currency. By very design with a end limit to the number of coins in existence it will only get more valuable. When it becomes more valuable people are not going to want to spend it, think gold. Who buys anything with gold? People who have gold either keep it for value, or sell it when they need money. It seems to me that bitcoin is digital gold, it has been compared as such on here, however most people believe that it is good currency for an economy, and that where they are wrong.
Currently bitcoin is being forcefully used by users right now to get things going. I don't think it will last forever. It's great that people are trying, don't get me wrong. However I cannot help but think that some crypto currency, likely hasn't even been created yet, will take its place.
@_date: 2013-04-08 20:53:29
Honestly it isn't even about my competitors. Unless your talking about anything that you can purchase with bitcoins. It's the deflation, why would somebody want to buy a shipment from me today, when tomorrow it turns out they over paid 40 dollars. And the sad thing is that is pocket change from what they could be making if they just bite the bullet. But my case isn't representative of all, I completely understand if somebody is buying for personal use and not to deal. Then that money does matter and they are much less likely to purchase online.
Its all about perspective I suppose, and this high deflation isn't conducive to any economy, only the investors.
@_date: 2013-04-08 17:05:51
I peddle on the Silk Road. This is already becoming a problem, for me at least. Because of the rapid deflation people don't want to pay full price. Furthermore I've had less business over the past month, again I'll say the new interest in bitcoins has helped that along. Now to get back to my main point. I'm not actually interested in holding onto bitcoins. I'm making my money in product not investment. As of right now bitcoins is an incredibly risky investment, yes signs point up but who knows if that will end up as the true case. I cannot imagine that most people who are serious about doing business in bitcoins are interested in holding them for extended periods of time where they are interested in a 25% profit gamble.