@_author: trickratio
@_date: 2018-09-11 14:57:47
Of course, but isn't that the purpose of getting your money out of the country in massive amounts? To protect it from local devaluation (and put it to better use in global investments).
That's also why the property market overheated in Vancouver. Chinese bought up all the houses and then a single bedroom soared to over $1500. The Chinese wanted to let their money rest somewhere that it would work for them, not slowly decline. I don't know much about the investing environment in China, but I imagine it's not that open.
@_date: 2018-09-12 13:36:44
That's an interesting future for VR. Traders can be in the live environment and actually experience the charts going up and down. But I don't know what that would do for your emotions. If you don't have a good handle on your emotions when dealing with money, it could be a rollercoaster... in a bad way. 
You could also explore order books and price depth quite well with this. Really, there's an interesting future here for traders.
@_date: 2018-09-15 15:23:24
What's this guy saying that we don't already know? Limited supply, lost wallets, short term window to get in at a low price... Of course, this is what Bitcoin is! 
Now when you squish anything down into a log chart and draw arrows on it, it will look like it'll go forever. I definitely think Bitcoin is going to rise, but we can't call this an accurate price estimation. There is a channel, there is some hype, that's all we can see right now for sure. Oh and some hopefully bullish news on the horizon as well.
@_date: 2018-09-13 15:00:15
Yes. This is what people don't understand about financial markets offering BTC products. Most of them are not actually linked with the real supply so they're just further manipulation. Just like banks have been doing with gold by expanding the supply with futures and derivatives. If you're going to trade crypto, understand the differences between investment vehicles. 
This is just another way for bankers to pile on shorts. They did it with gold, they're doing it with crypto. Precisely because it stands against everything they've worked so hard to establish.  
@_date: 2018-09-14 19:24:06
Yeah well the problem with ETFs is they are passive investment tools so they actually interfere with natural price action as they balance out at whatever given time they are supposed to. Most investment nowadays is passive, that's why we see such obtuse reactions and strange moves. The organic flow of markets is dying because more and more of it is getting thrown to the machines. 
And yes, that's the problem with Bitcoin too, is it doesn't take much money to send it in one direction or the other. Whereas gold needed coordination between several large investment banks to get significant shorts leveraged into a major price drop.
@_date: 2018-09-10 17:35:02
Wow that's incredible. It's a QR country! Everything is accessible through a quick little scan.
Also devices in China are much more affordable than other parts of the world because a lot of them are made locally. You don't have to pay immense import duties on Apple products when you can get a just as good domestic phone (according to your preference of course). Funny though that Apple doesn't have built in QR code scanners. 
This is a good point as well about Bitcoin not becoming popular as a payment system because there's already a well established one to take care of everything. However, Bitcoin was quite popular to protect against Yuan devaluation, wasn't it? Although now it's harder to get ahold of...
@_date: 2018-09-06 18:33:19
Thanks for pointing out what no one seems to notice. There's not much happening here other than just a bounce back to where it was a few weeks ago. Unfortunately our goldfish memories don't allow us to go that far back so we just talk about crashing markets. Take advantage of the dip before it's skyrocketting all the way back up to... where it was a few days ago. We're trapped in a range, and will be until some kind of breakthrough in news comes.