@_author: triliean
@_date: 2018-08-31 21:06:50
Sure, as far as technical goes, just the basics. I'm mining ravencoin right now, but started with nicehash because that needed very little know how.
So, I can make batches, know some basic commands in dos, or powershell and what not, and have my wallet in a secure place, and have only used coin base in the past for a few transactions (right now i'm HODLing)
I know what the white paper is and sort of how it goes, but the more technical gargon is still a bit beyond me. What I am really wondering about is the how whys and whats of artist using bitcoin to facilitate transactions and how people are being able to buy shares of art through big auction places using bitcoin.
I was hoping there might be some research paper, or perhaps a more comprehensive list of resources that I can tap into instead of using google, that will back up my claims that the next wave of art will be strictly monetized using peer technologies, like bit coin, or group funded sites that are able to fund starting artists. 
Here's my basic outline:
Peer Technology and the Art World
Peer funded technology is changing the way art is made and sold.  Struggling artists are now using peer funded technologies like bitcoin or Patreon to help fund their work. Blockchain technology have changed the way art is sold and authenticated, creating a chain of ownership which cant be counterfeited.  Even though cyptocurrency is volatile with great price swings, its anonymous nature is becoming the preferred way to donate, buy or sell artwork.
First, because bitcoin and other peer funded technology can be used anonymously around the world, private individuals can now fund and enrich the arts with out need of disclosure. 
Large groups of people can  pool their resources to buy a share of the artwork, allowing them to buy paintings that would be impossible to purchase buy themselves.
Additionally. struggling artists are now using bitcoin QR codes, electronic signatures if you will, to help fund their artwork. 
All someone has to do is take out their cell phone and scan the code, to donate anonymously, helping the artist make more art for the future.
Finally, the most important reason peer funded technologies are changing the way art is sold or made is because of the blockchain. 
Computer encryption and methodology has allowed bitcoin to establish a chain of ownership, which would prevent anyone stealing or tampering with it, and removing the possibility of a counterfeit.
Indeed, while cryptocurrency might be volatile with great price fluctuations, the technology represented will soon change the art world.
Most of the problem lies with regulations and control over the way the technology is used.
However the usefulness and anonymous nature of the technology and the fact that many people can buy a piece of art will revolutionize how art is sold or bought.
Starving artists will be a thing of the past as they will be able to self monetize their works among the general public, leading to greater exposure and fame.
Peer technologies are changing the rules of the art world, and how things are done. People are now able to easily donate, buy or sell artwork with confidence and artists are able to get the funding they need by the peer funded technologies.
Anyways that's where i'm starting from	
Edit: formating
