@_author: trinxer109
@_date: 2014-02-15 13:06:55
Here is the address I am trying to send to
How hard does it have to be a paper wallet!? Bitcoin has got no chance if it's this hard, seriously. 
Did I do something wrong? I went to bitaddress.org, created a wallet which has a key, imported it into my wallet as a watch only address. Sent some coin to it. What else do I have to do?
@_date: 2014-03-11 10:40:56
How convenient, he had bad security there? Yeah right. He is now suddenly playing dumb?? 
Why would he require so much information from people when it's not a legal currency in Japan? Why was everyones account getting hacked within the site itself for so long? Ummm, because Mark or his hacker buddies were doing it internally.
Why was he asking for everyone to verify their accounts when he knew he had no bitcoins?  How can you ask for peoples personal information when you know that you can't give them anything. It's called trading insolvent. He's taking peoples money knowing damn well he's not giving anything back to them in return.
He has deliberately been slack with the security so it can look like someone hacked into the system. It would not surprise me one bit if he is the hacker saying that he is going to sell everyones personal information. What perfect way to do it, keep the info for yourself and blame a hacker. I don't buy anything he says. Surely he couldn't have had every single thing he owns hacker.
My biggest worry is that he will start laundering all those bit coins through everyones names soon on other sites, and blame 'hackers' for it.
I thought to myself a long time ago this exact thing would happen, and now it has. I did not have a verified account at Mt.Gox, but I did send through my info to start up an account. I done it after thinking I was going to the largest exchange in the world. I thought surely this has to be safe, and I understand they need to know who I am due to AML. After uploading my info I realised something didn't seem right with them so I requested them to shut it down my account. I recorded all the evidence of shutting it down just in case something like this happened.
If I were anyone here I would be backing off from Bitcoin totally, just in case one day you get blamed for transfer millions of dollars around the world. I don't think Bitcoin itself is a ponzi, but it sure does give a lot of people a chance to do it in your name.
Mark is a 100% cyber criminal at the lowest level, scumbag level.
@_date: 2014-12-01 19:56:27
The price increased because it was easy to buy, but selling and actually converting to cash was the hard part. And yes, the fat man would have had his scams involved as well. One of them being, always make sure it looks like you'll get 10% more if you sell at Mt.Gox
@_date: 2014-02-28 22:37:43
Cheers. Just be careful ok. I think the whole thing has been very carefully thought out, that much that it allows them to have the law on their side.
@_date: 2014-02-28 22:26:44
I went to the police when I stupidly gave them my info. They said they can't do anything until something happens. 1 year later nothing has happened but once this is over with who knows.
@_date: 2014-02-28 21:48:07
I personally think everyone is missing the true main concern here. If they lost bitcoins, they have also lost everyone's identity information. Put your hats on, get identity protection because I think we are all in for a rough ride. Anyone who sent through verification would be exposed  (including myself)
I personally believe Mt.Gox could have been laundering Bitcoins within people's accounts and god knows what else. Things just don't add up, it seems more like an organised crime gang running the show, but using Mt.Gox as a legal face. Mark is the puppet. What the hell we're they asking for so much verification when they knew the coins people wanted didn't exist?????? Go figure. Identity theft criminal ring. Anyone who does that to a person needs to be locked up for life. It's the most low life act anyone can do, ever.
@_date: 2014-02-15 10:54:50
No worries, thanks. If you don't mind me asking, why is that? Does it take so long because other transactions get priority?
@_date: 2014-03-24 11:47:37
Because it's not regulated. I love how everyone goes on how it's the people's currency etc then complain when it turns to shit and wants help from the cops or 'regulated' authorities.
Let's face it, these companies are run by f criminals and that's pretty much it. I wish it wasn't and I did have a soft spot for bitcoin, but everyone needs accept they it's a big scam. A cyber criminal network running the whole show.
The world should just ban it all at once and be done with it. Seriously
And for all those people who have a passion for bitcoin, find another passion. I know I will
@_date: 2014-11-24 21:29:18
Here's my theory: karples was obviously selling bitcoins he never owned. Anyone who bought bitcoins would get a few digits added to their accounts without actually having access to any coins. The only coins he had were the ones that people sent to their wallets, and then with those he probably sold them at another exchange under someone else's ID that he collected. Once the coins were all withdrawn by customers and no one else would send coins to Mt.Gox he was caught out, hence the reason for trying to buy more time and asking for more ID info from customers. (Everyone seems to forget how much personal info this guy was asking for at the end, why would someone do that when they know damn well they are going under!!!) The money in the accounts was probably legally taken out as directors fees so technically he probably can't get done for that providing he paid tax on it). He is a shifty cyber criminal that should go to jail in my opinion. He would have been helped by a lot of other people, probably a bunch of cyber criminals and shifty lawyers and accountants.
@_date: 2014-02-28 22:14:20
You want advice? Don't get involved in Bitcoin. It's a scam and identity theft ring. Be very careful ok. It's not worth ruining your life over a few extra quick dollars.
That's just my personal opinion. What exchange asks for identity information when they know quote well they don't have any coins to give back to people. It's got scam written all over it. I believe a lot if the other exchanges are involved as well. I wouldn't trust any of them.
A lot of people on these forums are in denial and have their fingers crossed for the best outcome because they think they are into something. I think the evidence is there in our faces that it's all a heap of b*lls*it. I wanted to believe it was true once but then I thought about it properly and everything started to add up. Mt.Gox going down the way it has confirmed everything for me.
@_date: 2014-02-15 14:19:51
Hmm, maybe you are right. Chances are everyone is going to think like me though. Which means bad things for bitcoin. That's the truth like it or not.
@_date: 2014-04-06 21:38:20
This method was 10 times easier for me to use. I highly recommend it. I could never get Armoury to sync, even after 5 days. Save bit address page to disk, generate paper wallets on an offline computer, open a blockchain.info wallet, go to import/export and add the address as a watch only address. Your done. Might not be 100% as safe as Armoury by I reckon if it's close enough your 10 times safe than having your coins on an exchange.
@_date: 2014-02-16 00:26:58
Looks like Coinjar are doing the "require verification thing" before I can send from my account. I think that's what the problem is. I really wish they wouldn't make out like it has been sent and give me a transaction number etc. Very misleading.
@_date: 2014-03-24 11:29:58
It's a jungle out there. The internet is turning to shit. Cyber thieves are getting smarter and it's too hard to keep on top of it. No matter what is done it's only going to get harder. Bitcoins getting stolen is just showing how many peoples computers are exposed. It's the first thing they will take.
@_date: 2014-02-15 13:54:07
I'm trying to send from a Coinjar wallet. I think they are having issues, just another company having problems.
Tell you what, I've been trying to work this safe wallet shit out for a long time, I'm just about over it. I think I have come to the realisation that Bitcoin is never going to make it to main stream. Who is going to bother dealing with this garbage just so they don't get their coins stolen.
I really tried to understand it, but even for me who is pretty computer literate I am finding it such a hassle. Transactions are too slow as well. You'd have to pay for a coffee before you buy it, then wait 5 mins before you leave to make sure it went through! What a joke