@_author: tripbin
@_date: 2018-01-16 18:42:50
Heres an example. I want to note that Im not posting this as a "got you". I just want to point out that its normal for everyone to reply to a comment and it not being related to the title of the thread.
I really dont harbor any ill will towards others beliefs that differ from mine. Youre all fine in my book as youre not name calling or slinging mud or any shit like that. I just want you to understand the context of my response and how it doesnt have to be tied to his economics.
@_date: 2018-01-07 09:18:36
This was amazing. I had low expectations but dude hit every reference lol. 
@_date: 2018-01-03 07:32:07
Is this confirmed?
@_date: 2018-01-16 16:11:36
Wtf? Do you think the president only deals with the economy? (Ignoring the fact that Paul's economic beleifs are downright stupid as fuck also) 
I live in Alabama and can see what happens when you have a population education on creationist or anti science beleifs. It all falls down from there. 
@_date: 2018-01-11 02:05:25
So random dumb fuck from the internet with no advanced education says drugs are not the answer and scientists and doctors involved in this stuff who have dedicated their lives to this research and spent over a decade going to school for it are wrong. Gotcha. How about you do some research and provide me some peer review evidence that it's not the answer. Until.then you can go fuck yourself you uneducated hick. 
@_date: 2018-01-11 01:58:43
You're not fooling anyone lmao. You don't donate to shit. You're just a virtue signaling troll. 
@_date: 2018-01-16 16:19:37
I'm not creating any strawman and my original comment literally existed to indicate it was not about the economy as I specifically stated that the guy you replied to was possibly not talking about the economy and was referencing the other many things that classify Ron as "CooCoo". 
"I think he's more referring to the fact that Ron Paul is a creationist, evolution denying, anti vaccination and GMO, literal moron"
I don't know how you got that I was talking about the economy out of that as it was the exact opposite. 
@_date: 2018-01-16 17:43:16
No it wasnt... quit moving the goalposts. Look I dont care to argue about economic beliefs atm as nobody is changing their mind on anything and it was never my intention to in the first place. My comment was about the possibility that he was referring to many other aspects that people could call Ron "coocoo" for. You can literally read our entire thread again. Please point out where the original discussion was about the economy.
 
@_date: 2018-01-11 04:55:15
Nice false equivalency.
@_date: 2018-01-08 00:23:15
Where can I find that song. I tried searching the title on youtube for 88N8 but only joyners one comes up.
@_date: 2018-01-16 18:36:46
What? Are you implying that every single reply to someone in the thread has to be about the title? Do you ignore the fact that people post off topic comments and others reply to them specifically with relevent responses? Its how 90% of TIL posts start. You are making zero sense.
My comment was in reply to a specific comment. My reply doesnt have to be directly relevant to the thread title as I was responding to a singular person and not about the thread content. This is normal for every single reddit thread ever created. If I wanted to post about his economics I would have. I did not. Mostly because getting in to an argument about an economic system with a supporter on the internet is dumb. You have your beliefs and I have mine and neither of us are going to change based off anything we talk about in some random thread nor do I want you to. Its a waste of time and something I specifically avoided by, you know, never bringing it up in the first place. 
You seem dead set on trying to force some economical debate. I dont want to but to answer your question I have serious doubts about an economic system thats not in place anywhere in the world. Maybe its great and would work great. Idk and I really dont give a shit as  I never wanted to or tried to talk about Libertarianism or Pauls economic beleifs. I simply pointed out the possibility that he was referring to other aspects of Pauls beliefs as they are indeed considered "coocoo". It was 100% relevant to the comment I replied to and doesn't need to be related to the title. I seriously dont get what you are trying to do here. I could probably go through your history and find somewhere where you commented on someones comment with info irrelevant to the thread title...
@_date: 2018-01-11 20:46:02
This isn't a matter of point of view. It's a matter of fact vs fiction. The drug has been researched by actual doctors and scientists and has been found to be safe for use in clinical trials and with a lot of potential to help people. Yes if used incorrectly or off the street there can be negative effects but to pretend that they can't be avoided because of personal bias makes no sense. The drug has been proven that it can be used, at even rcreational doses, with no long term effects. We have decades of people who have responsibly used MDMA and who have been studies and have suffered no neurotoxicity. Your bases on how neurotoxicity it is is based off nothing but feelings. That's not how science works. The dose makes the poison. Anything can be neurotoxic if enough is taken.
@_date: 2018-01-16 19:30:32
Theres a difference between your example and my comment though. The guy I replied to didnt specify what exactly he thought was coocoo about Paul. I simply replied that it could have been some things that were not about his economics. At best that would make the guy I replied to, assuming he intended it as I interpreted it, the one who went off topic (again I could be wrong on his intentions) My reply was simply eexplaining what he meant by coocoo as you assumed (possibly correctly) that it was about his economics. The discussion I commented on was not about bitcoin or the economy. The comment from the other guy was simply about Paul being coocoo. I can see how both me and the other guy could be downvoted for not contributing relevently to the topic of the thread but the discussion we had in our own personal chain was not about economics and my response was relevent to the comment it was replying to.
 Take any example in your head of someone in a thread about X topic posting an irrelevant comment, be it a pun, joke, or something about the polar opposite of the topic and then many people reply to that specific persons newly brought up topic even if it doesn't relate to the original thread. Other guy introduced topic of Paul being coocoo and thats what I was expanding on. 
@_date: 2018-01-10 20:11:03
How in the world are they pushing? They are having extreamly exclusive clinical trials to tests it's not ffectivness in treating PTSD because other scienctist have done this thing called gathering evidence and have found that MDMA has potential to help with PTSD. If you were not such a fucking moron you could very easily look up the history of MDMA and see that it was originally making strides in use for therapy before it hit the rave scene and the government banned it. Just because some people abused it doesn't mean it magically loses its benefits. MAPS has existed since 1986. This is not some new thing. They have led the way in countless studies on the drugs effictivness and potential for helping people. The fact that you don't give a shit about that is sickening. 
Why don't you quit with your strawman bullshit (I'm sure you'll have to look up what the strawman fallacy is too since you clearly haven't seen a classroom since highschool so I'll wait).... My comments and arguments are directed at you misrepresenting what MAPS is. What the pineapple fund sounds their money on is irrelevant to that topic. Feel free to bitch about them not donating to starving African children all you want but that's not what I commented about (hence building up a straw man to detract from the actual point of my comments since you are unable to argue against them). 
You are seriously ignorant on this subject. How about instead of throwing a tantrum like an illiterate baby you put that big brain of yours to work and read up on MAPS or PTSD. If you seriously think people suffering from PTSD are not worth helping idk what to tell you other then you're an asshole. Nobody is getting "high" off these trials. These are severly I'll people who have tried all the other forms of coping with PTSD and who are trying something as a last resort. Something that has very promising results. Please explain to me why helping people with PTSD is bad in your mind? Read the fucking abstracts of their research. These are not millions of people getting in on this. It's small groups being given small doses. Even if it was some conspiracy to get drugs on the streets the amount of drugs they'd be able to gather would have zero impact on the drug market. Your comments are simply asanine. These people are not given MDMA and sent home. They are under observation while on it. How in the world anyone can confuse that for anything nafarious is beyond me. It's truley sad that you literally give zero fucks about actually educating yourself. You're ego is so large that you actually think you know more about this topic without spending even a second looking in to it then the countless researches who have soent their entire careers researching this. Take a step back and think critically for once. 
@_date: 2018-01-10 18:50:11
Believe it or not your personal experience does not trump scientific evidence. Yes MDMA can be neurotoxic if abused but it can absolutely be used recreationally and safely if you follow common sense harm reduction practices. 
@_date: 2018-01-12 00:18:10
Im well aware people develop issues from it but its from long term use not one use unless they vastly overdosed on it, which again, is not an issue if used responsibly or under supervision. Again all those things are from people who abused it. Im not finding any modern journals showing it causing problems due to neurotoxicity in the recommended dose range and used rarely. If im missing one id be happy to read it and discuss from there but at the moment you are arguing anecdotes from bluelight. Im not seeing anything on ncbi, google scholar, psychinfo, etc showing it from single use or even sparse use. All these recent clinical trials all are monitoring their patients. MRIs, CTs, etc.
Dont get me wrong, I lean on the side of caution with MDMA due to its neurotoxicity. Not more then a few times a year but it can be used safely and doctors/scientists are researching it being used safely and if they come to the conclusion that it is safe if used correctly, and that it can help people, then I see no reason why we should let people suffer due to misinformation. 
Using proper harm reduction techniques can prevent the conditions that lead to neurotoxicty. Its believed that overheating from use is one of the strongest contributors to the potential damage. This older comment is better spoken then mine and has its sources to check out (though the MAPS ones are broken but can be found elsewhere).
(ignore the title. Its misinformed but the commentor that is permalinked is the one to read)
@_date: 2018-01-10 19:42:42
The fact that you think MAPS, an organization that is being contantly hindered by the medical industry, is apart of said big players is hilariously sad. I will never understand why people feel the need to talk about something they have never spent two seconds researching lol. MAPS is the antithesis to the companies that push opiates... 
@_date: 2018-01-10 19:16:25
You're so fucking stupid... MAPS is a well known organization. You cannot buy drugs from them. Donating to them does not help people get drugs lol.  You can only take them on fucking site were you are monitored by doctors. Their goal is to get doctor assisted therapy regulated and in practice. That's like saying the painkiller you got in the ER from having your leg torn off was really just someone trying to get high and not, you know, for the medical reason of having no leg aka having ptsd..maybe you should pull your head out of your ass and read, at the very least, some abstracts of some research papers on this topic but I have a very strong feeling you have no fucking idea what an abstract is lol. 
@_date: 2018-01-10 19:53:54
We're funding it you dumb fuck lol. What do you think these donations go to. It's specifically says this will help find phase 3 of their trials. What the fuck do you mean what is mdma? And what other question? You've said so much stupid shit I've had to ignore half of your rambling. 
@_date: 2018-01-10 18:55:52
Jesus Christ youre a fucking moron. MAPS is an organization with no affiliation to these people and who do heavily monitored scientific research. They are using government lab synthesized chemicals....they are not trying to sell old MDMA they bought with bitcoin. Mostly because MAPS existed decades before bitcoin. Im seriously baffled at how you decided to rant about something you know absolutely nothing about. You are the epitome of stupid. 
@_date: 2018-01-10 20:12:04
@_date: 2018-01-11 02:12:14
Maybe you should actually read the scientific journals on this topic before spouting off ignorant opinions that show you have no idea how the drug or the therapy works. 
@_date: 2018-01-08 07:42:31
Thats possible but uncommon. The amount of times I profit off my paycheck pretty much follows the monthly rise of bitcoin. Ive had one month where I lost about 150 off it and about 8-9 months where ive gained anywhere from 100-9,800 off my pay in a single month. The max id ever allow myself to drop would be 300-500 so its not like Ill every lose an entire paycheck even if there was a major bitcoin crash unless it crashed thousands of dollars in a matter of seconds. Even then id still be up. If at a point bitcoin was in a decline for multiple months id simply cash out when I receive the bitcoin instead of letting it sit a little. On top of it all my other option is to get paid through paypal where the fees are much higher and are not covered . So as I said getting paid in bitcoin is great.   
@_date: 2018-01-17 13:07:11
How in the world was this username still available lol. Even with the 0 I'd expect it to have been taken. 
@_date: 2018-01-07 09:45:28
Damn. What about doge coin? Is it the same? I had some of that on there also.
@_date: 2018-01-08 00:02:30
Its great isnt it. I love being paid in bitcoin. Some months ill cash out right away, get bills taken care of, etc. and other months I just leave it in for a week or two and make an extra couple hundred bucks, sometimes more. 
@_date: 2018-01-16 16:05:55
I think he's more referring to the fact that Ron Paul is a creationist, evolution denying, anti vaccination and GMO, literal moron. 
@_date: 2017-11-06 19:11:00
Also other countries dont want you. You cant just pack up and go to Canada. Unelss you have a good bit of money its pretty difficult to get out of the US and get citizenship elsewhere. 
@_date: 2018-11-25 01:04:55
Unlikely. Bitcoins price now and for the last year or so is mostly speculation caused and investment related but bitcoin itself does have value just not 19k or 5k etc. It wont go below 100 and probably not below 1000 because its still regularly used for purchasing clear, grey, and darknet RCs/drugs and that alone will keep it alive and up. Then theres plenty of other grey and dark market stuff that also keeps the price up.   
@_date: 2017-10-12 08:45:34
Lmao how have I never heard of this before. 
@_date: 2017-05-24 22:29:46
Luckily pay day was today and the guy I work for pays me in btc. Rent can wait this 2k is riding. 
@_date: 2017-05-24 22:24:42
What wallet would you recommend? I've never used anything but the coinbase app for holding coins but I do recall it locking me out once for a week so having full control would be nice. 
@_date: 2017-05-27 01:49:17
Big if true.