@_author: triplewitching2
@_date: 2017-12-03 14:33:04
Only wingnuts hodl gold, because gold is a stable store of value with 10,000 years of history, so you only hodl it if you think the western countries are about to go 'Road Warrior' or 'Weimar Germany', and its the only thing of any real value in the world. Otherwise, you are not only gambling on its fiat value, but also just paying storage fees, and then transaction fees both ways from and to fiat. Gold will never again be a primary currency, the handling costs are just too high, and despite what the Tru Believers here tell you, Bitcoin will also never be a primary currency, but is only ever going to be a wild speculation. You instinctively Hodl it, cause it keeps growing in value at an exponential pace. You can't use a wildly deflating asset as a currency, everyone would Hodl, cause it will be worth so much more tomorrow than today, also, am I REALLY gonna pay a $7 transaction fee to buy a stick of gum, and then wait at the counter for an hour for Bitcoin's obscenely slow blockchain to confirm the transation ? I think not. I predict in 100 years the dollar will be history, and we will all, planet-wide (laws permitting) transact with a single physical AND digital crypto currency, kind of like the fantastical Star Trek Latinum, where its value can be added or removed from a physical item and (our version) put into an online wallet easily, and you can physically tell the value has moved, so it can be used as fiat currencies are today, AND will store value and be free from government meddling and debasement. but it won't be Bitcoin. Its easy to see that something else, that corrects all the bitcoin flaws (limited supply, easy to lose, units too large, can't charge back, hard to trade safely physically, absurdly high transaction costs, slow as molasses transaction updates), will arrive, be used as a transactional currency successfully, and run away with the market, and Bitcoin just wilt away, as everyone realizes its this generation's Myspace (the right idea, but the wrong horse) and it will be this generation's Pets.com stock certificates, valued only as a novelty, and as a 'never forget' item.
@_date: 2017-12-04 03:21:47
I think the 10x of bitcoin is also from how easy it is to lose a wallet. Its a bit of the Superman  effect, if most copies of that comic weren't thrown out, it would have very little value, as it had a decent run, but people didn't take proper care of them, or even keep them, and the same happened with early adopters of bitcoin, especially those that lost it all to exchanges going down. Its sort of like a short squeeze, there just isn't enough bitcoin for everyone that wants to keep buying it, so the price can just 10x on any demand spike. Its not like shares of Facebook, there will never be a re-issue of bitcoin, and the mining is similar to the mining of gold, in that it does not flood the market, but only dribbles in in small amounts. I actually think the rapid appreciation makes it impossible for bitcoin to become a real currency, even if the technical issues were all fixed, because the average first-worlder isn't ready to live in a deflationary world, where your debts will grow without limit, much faster than you could ever pay them back (!!) I would also suggest if everyone where HODL-ing all their cash for the random monthly 10x GAINZ, that might actually be bad for the real world economy in Bit World. In a way, knowing how weak fiat currencies are makes it easier to spend them today, and go in to debt, which isn't good for the individual, but does pay a lot of wall street's salaries, and makes the world go around, at least economically.
@_date: 2017-12-24 14:28:04
You buy the house with the coins you have been hodling for a year, instead of getting that Lambo. You kids have all the luck, I actually had to save for 5 years to buy my house, in the pre-coin dark ages of the 00's. But even then you didn't need a bank, if you bought small enough and saved hard enough. The evil bankers don't want you to do it yourself, BTC is just a turbocharged savings account. FSk their 0.01 % interest. You aint saving enough for an outhouse at that rate...
edit 1 : Recent immigrants to the US typically pool their savings and just get everyone a house one at a time, each year or so. I'm sure this group could probably do one a month, easy. As the Wizard of Oz would say, the power is within us, we just need a way to stop people from being dicks about repayment. Maybe some kind of blockchain lien on the properties, like these coins can only be spent on a full purchase of real estate, and they auto-create a lien on the property. This would likely need some big government legal setup, but then again, we do pay them taxes, maybe they should pass some actually useful laws, instead of buying another missile.
edit 2 : That would actually be a good reason to use the FedCoin, if it came with autoliens on real properties for personal loans, which the Fed could legally set up (!!)
@_date: 2018-05-12 09:09:43
I don't think crypto is zero sum. I think its either massively negative sum (energy usage, antminer computer systems usable only as space heaters, scam ICO's) Or its a new age-y monetary utopia of never ending happiness, where everyone gets the currency they always wanted, and can choose their own features, like price and inflation. If crypto actually ended the Federal Reserve, I would consider the net result to be a huge positive, even with all the bubble stuff going on now.
@_date: 2018-05-12 09:30:22
There is no real adoption as a payment system, at least without a major design overhaul, and the tech isn't so unique as to justify the price. What it IS good at is being instant transmission gold 2.0 There is just a confidence in Bitcoin's store of value-ness, and most people that are into crypto believe in it. Its definitely still going to the moon, the only question is, will it get back in the rocket and blast off, or will it take the pedestrian Space Elevator, at a moderate 7-12 % a year.
@_date: 2018-05-13 03:48:44
You left off the /s, so I am going to take that half seriously, and point out that there is an unlimited number of tickets purchasable (unlimited supply/inflation-esque), and the payoff is only about 50 % (poor overall odds for all ticket buyers as a whole) As a practical matter, there is WAY less moon potential from lottery tickets than crypto currencies, unless you are the chosen one (pr0tip, its not going to be you) Also, for the record, the scratch offs are actually the riskier choice, because they can't really moon you out of the middle class, AND they have poorer overall odds, AND they never get better odds with the jackpot getting bigger, like powerball and megamillions do (if you wait for the jackpot to get really big, the overall odds can actually get over 100 %, i.e. the group makes more than all the tickets cost, assuming one wins)
@_date: 2018-05-08 07:00:18
He's already a bag holder, the only question is, will his dick be in the bag ? :P
@_date: 2018-05-21 07:03:20
The vendor is represented by a code and not a name in the system, its a lot like sending a Bitcoin payment to a public key
@_date: 2018-05-12 15:19:13
Considering the 'pimp daddy' lights on the miners, clearly this setup is being run for pure efficiency /s
@_date: 2018-05-10 18:27:31
I'm gonna need a few new blocks to post before I just give the nuke to the dude wearing the Kabuki mask. Also, how many bars on your mobile wallet are you really gonna get a half mile underwater anyway ?  I would prefer to trade in Hard Assets like Power Rings or Kryptonite. If you haven't killed your first Lantern, how Super a villain are you really ? I will however make change for an Infinity Stone, if you've got one...
When Moonbase ? When Batmobile ? 
(Yes I know I mixed comic universes, but only DC has 'supervillain gold' and a recognizable, high-value car)
@_date: 2018-05-12 13:09:29
Gaming is a waste of time, but then, unless you are a Chinese WoW gold farmer, you are not in it for the money, but you don't run a 10,000 bank of antminers for fun, so we assume its for the gainz.
@_date: 2018-05-08 14:04:22
They just saved you $10, unless you want to see if crypto had more than 1 minute of the runtime... I doubt it.
@_date: 2018-05-10 19:58:50
The response is not aimed at you, but the concept he put forth as a reason to invest in OG bitcoin itself. I had a feeling he meant something like that, It was just a strange new term that didn't seem to fit in what he was talking about. I have a feeling he's just on the Crypto-hype machine because reasons, and gainz, and he doesn't have any actual reasons to invest, except that it is going up again (which is a good enough reason for me, but people on TV feel the need to 'drink the crypo koolade', if they are gonna tell others to jump in)
@_date: 2018-05-13 13:16:37
Could you update us on the Petro ? Does it circulate in the real world economy ? Can the actual Venezuelans own and use it, or is it only for foreigners and the elite ? I didn't have much hope it could work, but I no longer hear anything about it after it was released, so I don't know what happened with it.
@_date: 2018-05-08 07:24:39
Warren was hodling before hodling was cool, or even existed, or the guy who misspelled 'hold' was born, even.
@_date: 2018-05-27 15:06:15
Fiat is easier because it isn't new to us, but it has its own complexities, we have just forgotten them. If a caveman traveled forward in time to today, and you gave them $100, you would damn well have to awkwardly explain what a physical wallet was, before they wiped their  with it, or buried it in the mud.
@_date: 2018-05-14 03:28:17
I have studied several instances of hyperinflation, and in general, they actually gather momentum of their own, and become hard to impossible to stop. Germany, Zimbabwe, and even the United States (TWO times, Revolutionary war and civil ) had to just throw up their hands and completely abandon a fiat currency, because the inflation just could not be stopped, by any means. 
The US dollar isn't worth what it is because there is less than 14 trillion of them printed (HA), its valued because we (the people of Earth) believe it has a certain value. If something came along that caused us to lose faith in it, then it could go down just like the Bolivar. No one has any faith in Venezuela's currency. They could stop printing them tomorrow, and the prices would keep going up, because no one would trust them to have actually stopped. Venezuela will have to switch to a new currency at some time, probably after a new regime is chosen. I don't think any country would switch to a crypto currency without a crisis, the only question is, which country will be first. Some country will do this, its plain as day how much better a crypto would be, both the Fed and the Bank of England are studying it, the economic boost from being rid of transaction fees alone would be insane. 
Switching to a good currency can change a whole country very quickly. The Iraqi Swiss Dinar is a bizarre example, where the corrupt central bank actually lost control of its own currency, and the northern part of Iraq refused to accept any of Saddam's newly printed worthless fiat money. The Swiss Dinar actually held its value through the sanctions after the first gulf war, while the rest of Iraq failed economically, and continued to hold value, even after the dictator on the bills was deposed and killed. I'm sure Crypto will get its 'Swiss Dinar' moment, its only a matter of time until the people just refuse the worthless paper of corrupt regimes. In the past, other countries currencies have been used, but its actually much easier to import or set up a crypto currency, once everyone has a smart phone !
@_date: 2018-05-29 15:31:58
Fiat currencies with politicians that respect their people will always be around . . . Those don't exist, so at some point, a 2008 will happen again, but this time it will be different, you won't just have months of protest that eventually dissolve, this time there will be another option. It just takes the right charismatic politician to stand up and explain how a well-designed crypto can change the world, and it will. I would be surprised if Venezuela and Zimbabwe go back to a politician-controlled fiat currency. Marshall islands did a half-crypto adoption, although that seems to have been for profit. 
What's needed is a 'template', sort of a secure crypto generator that lets you create your own crypto with instant transactions and large amounts of divisibility, set your own inflation rate and initial price. I seriously doubt existing cryptos will be adopted by nations, just because rich foreigners would control most of your countries money supply. Because physical currency is so useful, there may always be 'that element of fiat' around, but there is no reason to have digital funds in fiat, when they could be in a crypto, and the amount of physical currency is way smaller than the amounts of digital pretend money that the Fed keeps 'printing'
@_date: 2018-05-11 13:24:50
I was going to defend my country from invaders, but then I realized that borders language and culture where all just abstractions that only exist on maps and In my mind, so I just got used to my new language and flag, because its all just meaningless abstractions...
@_date: 2018-05-13 13:07:03
Its a 'Reverse Coinstar' Honestly, if you don't need anonymity, you might as well just buy on an exchange and keep the 5 %, its mortgage loan level of market inefficiency. This high of fixed cost makes it that much harder to start making money.
@_date: 2018-05-13 04:07:37
No worries, John McAfee will buy and Hodl them, as Penis Insurance ;)
@_date: 2018-05-13 13:41:17
Clearly I don't Lambo, so I didn't even research it. Do they just set to 'ride high', or do you have to raise it manually for each bump ? These stupid things are everywhere in my town, so they are a constant :(
@_date: 2018-05-21 06:53:39
This was written in 1974, when you could get a 5 % savings account. If the story was written now, that .01 % interest wouldn't amount to a hill of beans, even hundreds of years in the future, and then you subtract the inflation...
@_date: 2018-05-13 04:15:18
Lambo's are dumb, the maintenance is huge, insurance is a nightmare, and you have to avoid any neighborhoods with speed bumps (most of them, where I live) You might actually need your own inverted speed bump for the base of your driveway, just to get the damn thing to the street, without doing thousands of dollars of damage to the low hanging panels. Also, its quite possible that your wingman 2019 is about to kick in the door and cap that 2018 bi!ch, so your lame dream can still happen, eventually. ;)
@_date: 2018-05-12 14:39:53
Lets not forget that the stock market is at an all time high, and PE ratio is up to the 1999 full on dot.com boom level, so its really likely to be as safe as a savings account going forward, and can really only go up. Of course, we all remember the story of Bill Gates, who became the richest man in the world by investing in an index fund... Wait, you mean he didn't invest prudently, and took some kind of risk with his retirement savings that mooned ? 
I think if there is a better than even chance for something to moon, it makes a lot of sense to try for it. You only have to be right once, if the gainz are large enough, and most people don't save enough for retirement anyway, so be great, or be average ! I really doubt the stock market has far to move in the up direction from here, while the fixed supply of OC crypto is pretty bullish for the long term, as an investment, not as a currency :(
@_date: 2018-05-12 16:55:57
I think moon potential is far more important than discount price. Junk foreign bonds have caps as to what you could make, and the risk is astronomical, because they are based on real (and really broken) economies. Every speculation that has been win for me had a hard limited supply, and that fits Bitcoin perfectly. Yes, its gonna go down, it has always gone down, but it comes back. When is the pre WW 1 St. Petersburg stock market coming back ? When is the Zimbabwe Dollar coming back ? Never, but if you have that demand, and limited supply, its a risk worth taking.
@_date: 2018-05-13 12:38:04
You would need another $ 100,000 for the extras, but even if you could cover the BS, you still have a car that doesn't 'car' for a lot of roads I normally drive, and I couldn't take to work (the entrance drive has a 15 degree angle, and is torn up from construction) Its just the ultimate in impractical, you basically own it to show off you own it, and drive around a racetrack somewhere. I'm just too practical to own a toy car.
@_date: 2018-05-08 14:02:18
Its in there for like one scene, they probably threw it in just to be hip and up to date. I doubt it is the focus of much of the film.
@_date: 2018-05-10 20:09:50
Thanks, I consider this argument the 'crypto = internet 1995', and so far I am not convinced, although I could be convinced that 'crypto = paper money 1500', but few shills go that way, since there is so little adoption in that area.
@_date: 2018-05-14 03:59:34
I'm referring to the fees to buy bitcoin, not the machine's cost itself. All fees reduce your profits directly, so you are always better off avoiding fees, unless you need Bitcoin immediately, or need secrecy for your coins. I know that people without PC's, or only wanting tiny amounts of crypto won't really care about large mark ups, but anyone seriously putting money into crypto should have a hardware wallet, and a PC link to an exchange.
@_date: 2018-05-13 04:11:58
They know you had it, but once the dollar goes in the toilet and Bitcoin is actually usable as a currency, it will fly everywhere way faster than they can track it. Its only monitor able now because like 1000 whales own everything, and its in large piles, once millions of individual Satoshi's are buying sticks of gum, that all goes out the window really fast...
@_date: 2018-05-10 19:13:45
He also mentions that governments can require payment in fiat, but businesses can't, so Uber would have to compete with 'Bitcoin Uber' I'm not sure what that even means, maybe a knockoff competitor that takes crypto will just show up and eat the lunch of established companies somehow, or something.
Ha Ha : I am now BITCOIN UBER, and I shall take over the world, I mean, I have no new ideas or business model, but I DO have Bitcoin, and a copy of the Uber business plan, and stuff... 
Real Uber - Oh, there is a Bitcoin Uber now, I guess we will have to add a line in our app with a Bitcoin payment option.
NOOOOOO! My Uber dreams, crushed by a simple payment option change, how could this happen, when I am all up in the market Challenging their Every Vertical, and sh!t ?!? ;)
@_date: 2018-05-27 15:45:50
If only there were a trusted 3rd party that could safely store crypto for n00bs, maybe with some real world insurance... First bank of crypto, anyone ? As much as bankers are rightly hated here, they do make sense for people just starting.
@_date: 2018-05-11 13:29:04
They are doing a review of a profit making computer, and they don't use the profit for anything. No wonder they missed the Bitcoin boat. Being on the cutting edge of tech is kind of their job...
@_date: 2018-05-08 06:40:32
Its more a matter of fast and easily spent, not secret. Criminals are not that smart overall, I mean if they planned and thought out what they were doing, they could probably make more money doing ICO's than trading BTC for drugs or whatever, I mean, an ICO is like 50 % + profit, and you can do it multiple times, even.
@_date: 2018-05-11 13:57:26
The 1886 edition of Wired's predecessor magazine, Soldiered, had this review of the Benz Patent-Motorwagen
This newfangled horseless carriage is truly a miracle of modern science, and we have set up a photographer to take pictures of its controlled explosions inside the gas powered engine, so readers can see the only really useful thing about this contraption, the internal fireworks ! It seems this device can also take you wherever you want, without having to care for a horse, but every place is pretty much the same as any other, so we are just going to burn our founder shares of the Mercedes Benz company, because our reviews must remain unbiased, and its really only ever going to be worth a few cents anyway...
@_date: 2018-05-12 08:53:40
This is the dream, but the killer app is still money. Its hard to see many areas where a Blockchain contract would be better than a regular contract. One area that could work is land titles. Its absurd that you have to pay a title company to find out if an owner actually owns a property, and if it has a lien on it, or if its designated a historical site. Unfortunately, no sh!tcoin is currently working on this, as it pretty much requires local government buy in, since they have all the current records, locked away somewhere (this is part of the problem, the public record isn't very public...)
@_date: 2018-05-08 07:10:36
There are many types of volatility. Copper cannot go parabolic, so its not as interesting, even if it bounces around the same price a lot more.
@_date: 2018-05-12 13:12:05
insane return for a savings account, about average for the stock market, but way too low for spoiled millennials that have been in crypto for a few years. The same thing happened to Microsoft stock, that was once a Moon investment, then became a dividend stock, and just milked the mature PC market. It is the central paradox of Bitcoin. If it failed as a secure token, it could go to zero, but if it were fully adopted and used alongside regular currencies, it would likely stabilize in value and only modestly appreciate based on the real economy growing (the 7-12 % ), so in a way, crypto investors really don't want crypto to succeed in its original goal to be digital cash, because digital cash does not moon.
@_date: 2018-05-11 13:12:01
There are illogical miners of Bitcoin. This is sometimes the case in the oil business. Yes, you could liquidate your company, lay everyone off, and buy oil off the spot market, but then you lost your company, and its hard to find all those people to restart it, if prices change, and you have sunk costs, etc. People just act illogically, its an entire field of economics. I recycle aluminum cans, even though its a waste of my time, compared to any job, or even begging on the side of the road. Why do I do it ? Good feels, man, saving the Earth, and all that. Its 'cooler' to mine than to just buy from a whale...
@_date: 2018-05-12 15:17:49
Its the Aquafresh of Crypto !
@_date: 2018-05-14 04:32:41
If the high fees return. Maybe they won't, but its kind of 'show me' at this point. Volume is down since the pullback, and adoption is negligible. This is more social than practical, but its also kind of hard to transact in very tiny numbers. and if you leave off a zero in a long stream of decimal places, you could lose a lot of unrecoverable money. I could see Bitcoin getting a 'stock split' at some point, just so the numbers get back to human values, and not molar mass calculations like 10 to the -14 th power...
@_date: 2018-05-10 16:43:44
"Novogratz said it's "almost irresponsible" not to invest in Bitcoin. 
That's "not necessarily because of all the gains they're going to make," he said, but because "these technologies in two to four years are going to give every vertical a challenge."
Hey, any Millennials out there that can tell me what 'every vertical' is ? I wouldn't want all my verticals to get challenged, when I don't even know what the hell he is talking about. Also, what is the point of being 1-2 % into crypto. That's not even enough for me to get a ten year old car, and I don't have a small portfolio. 
'Dude, when Moon, when 2008 Corolla ?' ;)
@_date: 2018-05-10 19:38:24
I fail to see how the blockchain tech or smart contracts will threaten every industry, so far sh!t tokens have done nothing big in any industry. Even Fvcking Western Union doesn't use Crypto, and sending money around the world quickly at low cost is kinda their whole business model... I see the big banks like Chase now have a 'Fake crypto-like' payment option to send money from a smartphone (its called Zelle), but even that is pretty meh. And even if VICEcoin and DentCoin somehow did suddenly start taking out Pronhub and Colgate, those tokens are not represented in Bitcoin itself, so I fail to see how PillCoin destroying Merek is gonna help Bitcoin Moon...
@_date: 2018-05-13 13:59:12
I read the linked articles, it appears that the Petro does not even exist and circulate as a normal crypto currency yet, even on foreign markets, and its asset backing is not proven, or even legal in any real way. Its a shame, because if it were actually released, in a limited supply, and actually circulated in Venezuela, it would be an improvement, at least to some extent. But it appears to be a pure scam, without even the basics of other sh!tcoins.
@_date: 2018-05-08 07:06:53
In a way, Bitcoin needs a Trump, just like Bitcoin was born from the 2008 meltdown. If a sensible person got in, and balanced the budget, and paid up the entitlement deficits, then where would the hyperinflation come from to fuel Bitcoin full adoption ?
@_date: 2018-05-12 15:15:12
Hey baby, is my mining rig hot in here, or is it you ?
You gotta own the light, if you want to own the night !
Its cool, baby, This is just a fancy noise-blocking set up, so the neighbors don't hear us !
We can't make out under the disco ball anymore, so this is the third best thing !
Hey, your last boyfriend was making meth in the bathroom, so this is actually a somewhat safer and more legal way to make a living !
This is NOT your father's radiator !
@_date: 2018-05-10 12:31:29
I think you are suffering from 'historical compression', which is a term I use to describe the difficulty of separating different historical timeframes from each other, looking at them from a modern perspective. This famous book didn't come out any time around the end of the Dark Ages, Europe had actually come out of The Dark Ages over 325 years ago, when Adam Smith wrote this. In fact, Great Britain was actually stepping out of the next age after the dark ages, the Age of Discovery, and was now 15 years into the Industrial Revolution at the time, which was the Internet of the day (probably the biggest internet-like invention-filled event in history), and the details of the Industrial Revolution have a huge section of this book, and even  overshadowed the full scale colonial revolt that was in progress in the New World ( Merica', Fvck Yea ! Which was also being established the year this book came out, 1776 :D ) If you think about it, the Industrial Revolution was actually older then (1776), than Bitcoin is to us now !
@_date: 2018-05-08 07:23:05
The average US person could retire in 5 years, if they just stopped buying all the crap the TV tells them to buy. By 30 the average person already owns most of what they will ever need for themselves
@_date: 2018-05-08 07:20:44
End it, don't mend it ? ;)
@_date: 2018-10-31 08:40:28
I suppose that will be the case. I wonder how these giveaways won't instantly become dust, unless added to a wallet with some coin in it. I have $9 worth of Bitcoin on Coinbase, and that sh!t ain't going anywhere, as its way under their move threshold...
@_date: 2018-10-21 19:45:26
We don't need 1.21 giggawatts to run bitcoin's network. A single rassberry pi system can handle all the transactions in a block. The current block could be frozen, and the entire PoW system could be overhauled to an energy efficient one, if we had to, its EXACTLY the same problem as the current energy system of the planet. We COULD switch it anytime to all renewables, if we REALLY wanted to, but we don't, we are only human, and we just need that swift reality kick in the pants to do the obvious thing, just like the frog in the heating pot of water, we just cannot put aside our personal self interest on our own, the greed is too great.
@_date: 2018-10-06 19:37:19
Amway early adopters made millions, latecomers have a garage full of Amway crap. On the plus side, a pile of Bitcoin Dreams takes up no real space, besides a thumb drive...
@_date: 2018-10-23 19:49:28
My estimates are based on US costs, so you could probably * 20 that number for world (US is 5% of world pop), although its likely other countries have much more energy-efficiant physical money production, both from lower COL, and just because most of the world has already ditched the penny, and the paper dollar, which is actually where most of the US cost and energy goes (!!)
Paper money costs annually $862 million USD
US mint's details part of their website is down, but all their commemorative crap is up, so we know what their main concern is...
I can't find the article I used for the coin costs, but I'll summarize the data, it was the mining and striking costs of pennies, we know around 23,000 tons of copper and zinc are used, 1% copper and 99 % zinc, the energy used to mine and make the strikes is 36 Gigajoules per ton of copper, 6.5 gigajoules per ton of zinc, plus striking costs. Unfortunately, Joules don't convert easily to KWh, because of the time element. We also know that pennies are more than half of the cost of all US coins, so I extrapolated the costs of all coinage from the penny details.
1. I have no idea how to find this, also, I would speculate that most of what US banks 'do' is not really related to the currency directly, but is a bunch of speculation and shenanigans, so even if I could get this total, it would only be maybe 25 % of their work is actually related to real world money flow, with the rest being investment banking and self-trading. Now you could argue that the Evil Banker BS IS what makes our real money system work, but that would be some level 3 cynicism...
2. The energy costs of the penny pretty much extrapolate clearly to the total coinage costs. I have no energy costs for paper money printing, but it would logically be somewhat less, since the dollar costs of paper money is less. I hand-wavingly assumed the paper energy cost was the same as the coinage cost, based only on the dollar costs of paper money. There is no collected information on the VISA/MC energy use, but they have 4 data centers, so you could guess from that, also China has a much bigger VISAlike business, so you would have to at least x2 VISA's energy costs. US data centers consumed about 70 billion kilowatt-hours of electricity in 2014, 2 % of total energy usage.
Not sure how to tell what part of that was financial, but it could be 5%, that data is just not available.
3. Last I checked internet was 10 % of all electricity usage. I'm sure pron and gaming would be large percentages of total internet usage, and you could argue that coin mining is as useful as those other activities...
4. The limited figures I found were for a year. Time is a critical variable when converting from Joules to Watts, as it is the divisor.
5. Ummm, I imagine a huge, multiple city block sized hydro dam has a non-zero carbon cost in its creation, but I get your point. However, unless that renewable energy is 'stranded' geographically, it could be used instead of fossil fuels somewhere else, if not used to mine coins, because energy, like money, is fungible from one application area to another. 
Clearly you are sold on PoW as the be all end all of cyber security, but it is also a double edged sword, that can easily be turned to Evil, like the hack on Bitcoin Gold. Lets be honest, that is the sh!ttiest of sh!tcoins, but still, it uses the same PoW system that Bitcoin uses, and if anything causes the hashrate of Bitcoin to drop, either a halvening of the reward, a dip in the price, or even just a lot of the system goes down, the infrastructure that currently keeps Bitcoin safe could immediately be turned against it, just as it was for Bitcoin Gold
@_date: 2018-10-07 15:38:02
Adoption as I say, not as I do...
@_date: 2018-10-07 10:06:37
Imagine for a minute a terrible future, one in which fiat continues to rein supreme, the Fed is not ended, and Bitcoin is never adopted as a currency anywhere. Its not too hard to envision, as many merchants once took Bitcoin and now they do not. Now imagine that 2017 was the last moon event, and the $6000 trading range is permanent. How does the value increase if there is no RL demand, and the apocalypse preppers decide to go with a non-internet dependent wealth object, like shotgun shells or canned beans ? Why, you are gonna have to convince ten of your get rich quick speculator friends that are currently collecting Pokémon cards or Star Wars toys or Bennie Babies to hodl your OG crypto, so the demand/supply graph looks better, and what kind of shape does an investment that requires a lot of new buyers at the bottom to increase the value of the holdings of the whales at the top look like ? It looks a lot like a pyramid. I want to believe the narrative that crypto is the future, and is about to change everything and build a brave new world where we are each have our own hardware wallet bank and print our own money with our surplus computer cycles, but the hard edged reality is that is just not happening at all so far, so its hard not to see the people that got in at $0.04 as the first 10 Amway sellers, and everyone else downstream as taking their spot in a pyramid scheme. Maybe you can't see it that way, but Bitcoin has a 'Greater Fool' theory written all over it, and its hard to see endless moons because reasons, unless a whole lot more speculators get in at the bottom of this thing.
@_date: 2018-10-29 17:47:42
But making change might be an issue, if most of that is lost in dead wallets. Your coffee will be $8. OK, can you break a Satoshi ? Sorry sir, we don't make change for anything bigger than $100...
@_date: 2018-10-22 20:04:25
Complaining is as natural as breathing on the internet, so you have to expect it sometimes. I was born into the fiat system, they never asked me if I thought it was the right way to make money, and they never listened when I said it was not. With Bitcoin only 9 years old, there is still (maybe) time to not waste an insane amount of energy running it. It was not easy to find out how much energy the existing fiat system uses, but I gave it a try. Would you believe that over half the energy used in physical currency in the US of all types is used making PENNIES ? Like, for real, its kinda insane, and the conversions were a hassle also. Anyway, for physical money its 34.3 GWh, and for Bitcoin, its 32,000 GWh, so Bitcoin costs far and away more energy than paper + coins. I would imagine the VISA/MC system probably eats another 34 GWh, so that is about 0.2 % of the cost of Bitcoin, and lets remember that cash + VISA/MC handles like 1000x the number of transactions that Bitcoin handles, honestly, probably a lot more, but I can't find that information at the moment.
But that is the past, lets give Jamie Dimon (AKA The Devil) his due, and compare Zelle money transfer system to Bitcoin directly. Zelle is a 16-month-old P2P service owned and operated by Early Warning Services LLC, a Scottsdale, Ariz.-based software firm that itself is owned by many of the nation’s largest banks. This thing allows account to account transfers at no cost to the user. The current transaction volume on this thing is easily 200 million transactions, and it is used by most major banks already. Its the essence of a centralized service, but it does most of what Bitcoin was designed to do, at no current end user cost, gives you someone to call if something goes wrong, and probably uses less energy than even VISA/MC. It is almost certainly not the future you or I want, but its staking up advantages fast, and has full Evil Banker buy in, so if Bitcoin doesn't make itself a little better on the energy and security (end user) thing, its very likely this silly zelle thing may be our cashless society future, so I feel that addressing the energy issue might not be a bad strategic move, considering how little adoption crypto has, besides pure speculation, and I love speculation, but so far, the future of banking it is not.
@_date: 2018-10-12 09:17:22
Yea, you can start holding your breath now for that one, he's got his penis on the line, so its sure to happen. /s
@_date: 2018-10-04 16:04:31
The first dollar equivalent (Continental) didn't even last until the end of the Revolutionary war. Oh how the founding fathers rationalized their first Fiat Fail going strait to zero. The same thing happened on both sides of the Civil War. Oh well, third time's the charm, right ?
@_date: 2018-10-17 03:21:03
Coins last a lot longer than paper currency. They also cost more to make, but in general, coins save energy. Setting aside the debate if inflation has rendered all coins useless because they have no value, if say we used coins instead of 1 5 and 10's, this would save a lot of energy, although we would also need to make some new coins, and real people would actually have to use them, instead of returning them to banks en mass, as we have done with the dollar coins, because fSk coins, they suck and are hard to handle...
@_date: 2018-10-17 01:59:33
I expect a physical hardware wallet that is easy enough to use with a nice heads up display that a 60 yr old could figure it out. I really think the right killer app could get crypto to the masses in a big way. It might need some hype and some rap star endorsing it, something that has not gone beyond some gentle mocking from Ellen DeGeneres
@_date: 2018-10-07 15:41:35
No one else will say it, but the SHIRT says I accept Bitcoin, NOT THE MERCHANT. Is this true hypocrisy, or just a merchant trying to take advantage of a certain group ? This is not unlike the merchant that sells both pro Republican and Democrat shirts, sometimes the SAME shirt, with the same message, just insulting a different party. Example -  How to annoy a Republican, use facts and logic. I have seen both variants, its not hard to swap the party... Both sides against the middle !! :P
@_date: 2018-10-07 10:21:55
Yes, there are horror stories, but MLM requires a lot of overhead in the cost of the products, to cover the upstream rent seekers. Its not that different for early hodlers of Bitcoin. Without adoption or massive hoarding from apocalypse preppers, more and more speculators are needed to keep the price rising, and there are not an infinite number of people that want to get rich quick, and not use traditional assets.
@_date: 2018-10-17 00:21:53
No, the energy use is the 'cost' of mining, and if the cost goes down, the number of miners will go up, keeping the mining energy cost the same at best. Either Bitcoin will 'fork' to a different, less wasteful mining method, or an alt-coin without mining will 'flip' places with Bitcoin, and it will fade away.
I have a less wasteful method, just give less reward the more powerful and energy consuming the computer that wins it. Asic resistance might also help. The real problem is the system incentivizes keeping the system the same, since so many miners profit from the way it is.
@_date: 2018-10-31 08:29:16
It will be nice when that is all implemented. For now even dollars worth of Bitcoin can be immobile dust, depending on the rules of your wallet.
@_date: 2018-10-07 16:08:03
If you are dumb enough to buy that overpriced car, you might just also be dumb enough to have one of your hardware wallets on you, in case you need to pay for a brake job...
@_date: 2018-10-21 18:53:40
Lightning network only increases throughput of the existing proof-of-work system. With or without Lightning, a gazillion watts of useful energy is burned off to make a few digital tokens every 10 minutes, and nothing within BTC could change that, because the 'overwhelming consensus' of the miners will never be to get rid of mining, until there are no riches to be had doing it, and that is like 2140, if somehow the fees went to 0, which they wont...
@_date: 2018-10-17 03:04:55
* The problem is, the benefit of mining comes from hash rate of the mining rigs, and this is processing power, so you really can't do anything useful and still get all the processor cycles used for mining. One of the things the miners are doing is hacking other computers and using those computer's idle cycles for mining. Assuming you could use your idle cycles consentually, that might actually be an improvement, but unfortunately you need dedicated computers to have any hope of mining Bitcoin, although normal computers can mine other currencies.
@_date: 2018-10-07 16:09:26
Most wealthy people don't carry vast amounts of cash on them, yet crypto kids have not learned this lesson yet, since crypto weights nothing, and can't be seen normally.
@_date: 2018-06-06 02:25:25
Regular businesses have to spend most of their income on operating expenses, and most landlords don't take crypto, nor do utilities. Now a business run by an already rich person could take payments in crypto, hodl it, and pay expenses in their own fiat savings. That is the Atlas Shrugged way, just get a group of wealthy individuals together, run the entire small economy on Bitcoin, and laugh as the rest of the world burns. That might be a good idea, but that is the only way your pure Bitcoin business could ever exist in the real world.
@_date: 2018-06-06 15:42:06
I would suggest that gold and silver are non-ideal diversification additions to Bitcoin, even though they tend to move differently in fiat price, because they are both 'apocalypse investments' 
Bitcoin is the 'good' apocalypse, where we switch over, end the Fed, and then, when Bank of America comes to us, hat in hand, needing a bailout for betting it all on risky derivative  we can just say 'Sorry, but Bitcoin Nation doesn't do that kind of thing anymore. Have you tried Guatemala, they are part of America, and I hear they still use Fiat...'
Gold/Silver is the 'bad' apocalypse, either we run out of silver and we all have to spend $1000 for our new phones, paid to silver stackers, or gangs take over America, and we have to make a run for the (relatively safer) Mexican border with whatever wealth we can carry in a backpack, that or the EMP pulse, sending us back to the dark ages, sans Bitcoin, with only physical gold and silver as a currency. Do you really want to live in Mad Max world ?
Since both scenarios are fairly unlikely, perhaps it would be better to diversify into an income producing asset that spits out more fiat, crypto, or wampum, regardless of our future financial system, and especially if we keep our current one. Something like common stocks, or Timberland might be better. Owning Bitcoin and gold is like you KNOW its gonna be a zombie apocalypse, but just in case, you have some clips of silver bullets, because maybe its werewolves, even though you don't believe in that crap...
@_date: 2018-06-06 17:44:16
Age 9-14, Its kid friendly, too. Try stuffing a kid in the trunk of an actual Lambo....
@_date: 2018-06-07 06:32:37
This isn't your kid brother's LEGO Lambo, its actually a 16 + age toy, you have to be old enough to actually drive to even figure out how to assemble this 3600 piece monstrosity ! I'm not sure there will be much price appreciation, since very few kids will be crashing these into a wall, this is a big boy toy...
@_date: 2018-06-04 17:07:56
Hodling does not destroy the fiat system, or even threaten it. Hodling is an investment strategy to make moar fiat, period. Go back and read the original Hodl thread, its about market volatility, and says nothing about changing the system, fighting THEM, ending the Fed, or any of that, its purely about how to make the most fiat in an unstable market. THEY knew about hodl before it was a meme, because it is called index investing, in the real world, or sometimes a short squeeze, when used to take out shorts in a stock. The only real threat Bitcoin poses to the Powers That Be is if it can out VISA VISA, and become a real currency, in the event of a 'reset' of the dollar's value, and so far, it cannot. 
What they really care about is keeping everyone in the Political Matrix, and taking the blue pill of 'My party is really different from that other party, and will fix everything when in power', when in fact, THEY control both parties, and keep their goals moving forward regardless of if the D or the R are nominally 'in charge'. The split in the Bitcoin community only matters to them if one side can actually VISA, or even if a combination of Lightning and Blocksize could make either able to VISA. Until that actually happens and works, I have a feeling THEY are just gonna keep working on their fake Facebook ads, with eagles and crap, telling us to hate each other and be divided, and not really care about Bitcoin, since investment fads don't threaten THEM, but actually help THEM keep everyone in THEIR system, because people stop paying attention to Trump being, in actions, a purely conventional politician who tweets on the side, and keeps us chasing dem Lambos, which THEY make for us...
@_date: 2018-06-04 19:15:56
Holding most of your life is exactly how index funds are sold to investors, sometimes even to hold until death, for your heirs to get a step up in basis. Bitcoin will NEVER become ubiquitous, or accepted where VISA is, unless it both CAN trade like VISA, and IS used by most of its holders, and that will NOT happen if everyone but the day traders are waiting for full adoption. It comes down to a chicken and the egg problem. Many businesses are dropping support for Bitcoin because no one is actually using it for purchases. There are many crypto-pretenders to the Bitcoin throne, and many of them CAN transact like VISA, with instant confirm and low fees. They have little chance because they are owned by like .0001% of the public, but that could eventually change, if everyone in Bitcoin is either trading, hodling, or waiting for Lambos, until someone else figures out how to really make a go of it.
@_date: 2018-03-05 19:27:20
They need the 'hard' currency to evade sanctions. No one is allowed to send them dollars, so they will take the crypto, because its much easier to bring into the country (or mine locally, with that free electricity)
@_date: 2018-11-08 18:39:29
The traditional banks 'create' much more money than the Fed does, because they re-lend the money they have on deposit, creating 5-10 times the amount of money actually in circulation, depending on their reserve requirements (fractional reserve system). But, if everyone takes those deposits out of the bank and turns them into deflating crypto codes, the amount of fiat in the economy goes way down, because the banks have to sell off or stop making loans, to recover their dwindling fiat reserves that back all their loans.
@_date: 2018-11-09 05:03:03
Its not true, the average bulb at the end of the mania was like $8000, very BTC eqivalent, now that i think about it...
@_date: 2018-03-01 09:41:08
Was the monarchy better than a cruel despot, almost certainly, but I wouldn't choose either of them nowadays. We can do better than the Federal Reserve. That emperor really has no clothes, and I'm surprised 2008 didn't clue you in on that. Most of us that are not here for Moon Lambo are very anti Fed, for good reasons.
@_date: 2018-11-12 18:01:01
I would say the houses are probably a good measure of value over time, so probably the bulb's value needs to be adjusted upward. It makes the story more interesting as well, since the amount of wealth invested in these flowers was so vast.
@_date: 2018-11-10 19:02:39
I'm not saying that there are no rare and valuable plants, only that the proverbial shoe shine boy isn't out there telling all his friends about expensive flowers, so the mania is over. I think the mania also passed for Bitcoin. I'd say it holds its value, but it probably won't soar to the sky, just because its a really bad currency, and even a hassle to protect and handle as a goldlike.
@_date: 2018-11-08 18:26:24
The key difference between a car and a home loan is people expect the car value to go down, fast. Car loans are priced higher, to deal with the value decline risk. Now that decline may be faster than expected, but it IS expected, so unless the default rate is way higher than expected, it should be manageable. Housing is different, that market expects stable or increasing value, so they were more easily caught off guard by a sudden decline.
Also, houses cost way more than cars, so even if every car loan in the US defaulted, it would probably be less total money lost than the housing crisis of 2008. I live in a border state with Mexico, and I can tell you that Mexicans come here to buy used cars, then tow them back to Mexico, because there are a lot more used cars here. Its a lot harder to tow away a foreclosed house, but there are ready markets for mercs and bmws, even if no one in the US wants to buy one anymore.
Another key difference is that car loan payments are much smaller than home payments. Most US citizens can make $300, even in a low wage temp job, so its less likely that they will walk away from such a manageable payment, especially if the have to literally walk away...
@_date: 2018-11-03 11:14:22
All money is imaginary, always has been.
@_date: 2018-11-09 09:12:58
The Dutch were way ahead of their time financially, in many ways, not all of them good ways. Their company, The Dutch East India Company was the most valuable corporation ever, and it funneled ludicrous amounts of money into the home country, directly leading to the tulip bubble. Since it was the first truly huge financial bubble, they would learn the hard way just how fast things can change, even in an age of prosperity.
@_date: 2018-11-12 18:11:34
Countries are in bad shape nowadays either because of natural disasters/geography, or bad government policies. Clearly other countries can just pick up the pieces of internet greatness and just run with them, look at China, eating the west's lunch, both in manufacturing, and their own internet companies (Alibaba, etc.) But so many other countries, and not just the island chain sinking under rising oceans, just seem to not be able to start even the most basic businesses, and the reason must be either government, or a nexus of citizens doing evil, like Mexico's drug cartels. The problem is, if you live in Mexico, how exactly do you stop some cartel from shaking down your business, when even the army fully mobilized can't come to grips with the problem ? In the end, its just easier for the hard working people to just leave, then to risk their lives fighting these powerful forces, but like 'white flight', once a core of the hard working decent people leave, the bad guys become the norm, and its impossible to change. I don't have a good answer to the problem, since I am an isolationist, and I don't mind immigration, because I am fairly sure the net effect is positive (for us, although the sending country is surely worse off...)
@_date: 2018-11-09 05:01:02
Actually, only diseased bulbs had the insane valuations, they had a rust like color when grown. The problem was not supply, as they grew very slowly, and came from far away but instead it was the classic The Music Stopped, i.e. some ancient Goldman Sachs type couldn't cover their tulip debts, and it caused a panic and cascade failure (yes, they had a futures market for them...)
@_date: 2018-03-01 09:47:55
The average US person is financially illiterate, and has no clue how the system works. They will never see the problems with the current system, and will only invest in Bitcoin if the Moon Lambos keep coming, Crypto World is not inevitable, we will have to get out and push them into it.
@_date: 2018-11-09 07:00:41
Cant melt broken beanie babies back together, and although gold is not scarce, there is a limit to the total amount on the planet (minus roids), whereas they can always make more beanie babies...
@_date: 2019-01-06 11:13:14
If you know a guy that has some to sell, and you only want a few hundred worth, that is probably the fastest and cheapest way. Selling it without a license can be risky, as can hauling thousands of dollars of fiat somewhere, to meet some guy on the internet, but for buying tiny amounts its usually NP.
@_date: 2018-03-05 19:56:55
Name too long, just call it the Dimon Coin, in honor of their forward thinking CEO...  /s
@_date: 2018-03-01 09:25:25
Semi-stable Pure Fiat that has been, and still is in use ( that has not gone to 0 ) has been around for less than 100 years, and it is proven to not hold its value over time. Clearly we can do better. Even though crypto is new, it is clearly not inflationary, and is a better store of value than any current fiat, even if it does not moon. Will it be adopted soon, probably not, but I could see it at 50 % in 10 - 20 years
@_date: 2018-11-22 19:29:16
Sounds like a good way to live. I am also converting fiat to crypto, but unfortunately, no merchants I deal with will take crypto yet, so I have to just hope for the day when that changes. I suppose getting and carrying around the hardware needed to do crypto transactions also makes sense, so I can demonstrate it to the places I do business with.
@_date: 2019-01-09 10:52:18
There has never been an anouncement of a new reserve currency, it would be more like "US Treasury anounced today that it will no longer accept USD as tax payments. USD falls to record low of 0.0000001 BTC"
@_date: 2018-03-05 23:13:51
Its an externality, the miner costs don't matter to the end user, assuming the fees you have to pay for the transaction remain low. That energy is paid for in new Bitcoins, and clearly inflation will never be a problem. I imagine the daily energy usage to run Candy Crush is also fairly high, but no one complains about that.
@_date: 2019-01-21 21:07:03
To clarify, I meant all crypto purchases through an exchange or ATM In the US, which is where most Coinstar machines are, require lots of KYC
@_date: 2018-11-10 19:15:57
Its just hard to compare money across vast amounts of time, because even a tiny amount adjusted for centuries of inflation, becomes mind bogglingly huge, if it could have made it to now, without being stolen or lost, but we only think in current terms, so some kind of adjustment is needed. I'm not sure on the history, but I believe housing was more affordable in the past, relative to other things. Anyone who put tulip profits into houses would have done very well, and had somewhere to live in the meantime.
@_date: 2018-11-02 14:01:46
Every time a car reference appears here, you have to make sure its not a parody. Lego Lambo is a regular...
@_date: 2018-11-09 12:56:32
Its been proven that monkeys are unnaturally attracted to shiny objects, like moths to a flame, and they also like throwing around their own feces. If you consider the shared genetic heritage, it makes some sense that we are drawn to the shiniest metal that stays shiny, and its probably a better choice for a financial bedrock object than Ambergris, which is also in the running with gold for most valuable natural resource, and we are naturally drawn to it as well, but its a little more disgusting to handle sperm whale dodo, when settling financial accounts...
@_date: 2018-11-08 09:38:12
Car loans would never be what stocks or real estate bubbles were, because there is no leverage in car loans, and no adjustable rate or interest only loans on cars. Also, the US is flooded with old cars that work fine, so everyone that needed transportation could get by with something, and only a small haircut would be required of the lenders, and there are plenty of people looking for used cars, so you really wouldn't get much ripple effect, even from vast numbers of cars being resold.
@_date: 2019-01-06 10:34:26
Money launderers are a top user of these things, and people who don't like to wait. Anyone who can pass KYC and wait a few weeks can just buy without the fees.
@_date: 2019-01-16 22:07:10
Neither school funding or government shutdowns are 'first world problems', that is US politics. Schools could be fully funded, and everyone in government paid tomorrow, if they wanted to, but they don't. Japanese politicians don't govern by temper tantrum there. Now did the politics change there ? Yes, their one main party went down in flames a while back, but they didn't just throw the monopoly board into the air, like we did, they just soldiered on, and found a way to pay all the important bills. Clearly here, the debt crisis will have much larger effects, especially if printing more money stops working at some point. IMO, the ants of the US may just John Galt themselves over to a non-inflationary currency, and just let the rest of the country follow, or go down in flames. More people than you might think just want to see the world burn, and that may happen at some point.
@_date: 2018-11-08 14:18:37
Well, those guys at the banks pretty much bankrupted themselves with derivatives, so clearly they are either stupid (possible) or just too greedy to understand the systemic risks (also possible)  The people running the fed have missed several financial problems in the past, and couldn't decide whether to bailout the banks or not, until the whole ball of yarn started unraveling in 2008, so clearly they have only a loose grip on what is happening. We all know government politicians only want to spend as much as they can right now, and have no other concerns, besides winning the next election, so maybe, like the lifeline in the show Who Wants to Be a Millionaire?, some random dudes on the internet may have a better grasp of the big picture, or at least as good as these yahoos. 
@_date: 2019-01-21 21:22:18
KYC is the reality in the US, because imperial federal government. Actually, its not just crypto. In many cases it applies to weird stuff where clearly its overkill. My branch of Chase bank requires KYC for all cash deposits, even $0.01 They literally will not let me deposit any cash, in my own account, without seeing my ID, every single time (!!) My recycling center will not pay me cash if I recycle anything but iron and aluminum cans. So if I bring some tire balance weights or rebar along with my aluminum, they must by law issue a check instead of cash, and do KYC for any amount, and recycling is a lot like coinstar, in that the amounts are trivial. My entire car full of rebar and aluminum foil amounts to like $30 at most, but here we are, giving me the third degree, like some kind of environmentalist criminal.
@_date: 2018-02-23 09:44:54
Saddam was an evil man, and he had an evil currency made that had him on the front, and he probably used the created currency to do evil to his people and others, but it was made for him in Great Britain, and he didn't have the printing plates for it, so after the first gulf war, he created a new local fiat he could print unlimited amounts of, but the northern part of Iraq refused to use his new fiat, and since the supply of the old notes could not increase, they kept the old notes, and avoided the inflation Saddam inflicted on the rest of Iraq. This crypto might fail, but if it is actually supply limited (as the white paper suggests), it could spare its users any further effects of inflation. It may even survive Maduro's time in power, just as the Swiss Dinar was still in use after the capture and death of Saddam, even though the regime that created it had fallen, and it still had Saddam on the front of the bills !
@_date: 2018-02-27 15:43:44
Blueprints don't mean anything. We can't replicate the computers that can read the Apollo mission logs, and that was only 50 years ago. Its hard to even read some file versions of Dr DOS and other early formats of personal computer storage, leading to trapped data. The problem with modern tech is you need the precursor techs to interface with a certain level of software, and those things get lost fast, once the world moves on. That is the big danger of EMP attacks, we may find that we cannot even get back to current tech levels, if we have to reinvent DOS to get our industrial tools back online.
@_date: 2019-01-19 12:37:28
No improvement can be made directly into Bitcoin, unless the miners agree. That will never happen, thus the base layer will never change. There have been many attempts, with zero to show for it, besides some feeble forks that just get 51 % ed all day. Slapping some Lightning band-aids on Bitcoin is probably the only realistic option.
@_date: 2018-02-24 17:29:43
The average US citizen is pretty dumb, so some seriously idiot proof setup is needed. I imagine in future Crypto World, you wouldn't hodl, because Bitcoin will probably stabilize at 10,000,000 a coin, when fully adopted, and you would put your savings into something more traditional, like stocks, and only have maybe 2 thousand ex-dollars worth in crypto you held in your home or on you. Having your life savings on a thumb drive is not normal, or safe...
@_date: 2019-01-19 13:56:44
Greed is the main motivator of crypto. Without it, its impossible to even be seen, also ICO market is almost closed, so where is the money to build a better crypto, and hype it ? IMO, there are many great coins that are not getting noticed, why would this one be any different, greed or no greed ?
@_date: 2019-01-19 12:44:06
There are quite a few good digital currencies, at least technically, that even work great. No one is moving to any of them. In fact, they are almost all throwing a 95 % off sale at the moment, if you want to fill your bags. I somehow doubt some professors could do the best crypto ever, but why not toss another sh!tcoin on the Bear Market Pyre, and see if its a witch or not ? 
@_date: 2018-11-21 08:56:35
It is by design. By mining most of it up front, it tended to gain value before it could ever be exchanged for goods and services. By the time companies started accepting it, million dollar pizza was a thing, and now even its largest backers would rather not risk future gains by using it as a currency. The brief $50 fees didn't help, either...
@_date: 2018-03-01 17:26:50
Damnit, I want my inflationary-dependent society cake, and to eat my Mooning crypto, too ! How is that ? You COULD both spend Bitcoin for your daily transactions, AND hodl it for your hoarding needs. IF the fees are tiny (lower than VISA), it could be done. Ideally, most people would spend it, just as they spend fiat, but we would be spared the persistent problem of increasing prices of everything. I would agree that Bitcoin may not be the ideal crypto for transactions, just from its inherent time and cost limits, but that doesn't mean another transact coin couldn't come along and square this circle.
How is this ? If you are paid in a crypto, and you spend it relatively quickly, the underlying value change doesn't really matter. This is why fiat keeps trucking, even though it isn't a stable store of value, and it almost always loses value, because the loss is slow enough that most people just trade it away fast enough that the loss in value is less than the VISA fees. Now some of that fiat is effectively Hodl-ed, by buying other assets, like stocks and bonds, and almost all the rest is spent, and this system works. If currency was a crypto, some of it would be Hodl-ed, just as fiat is now, except that the prices of everything would not increase over time. Fiat's current value Is just in its universal acceptance by all merchants and governments (and criminals, if that is your thing...), but anything that cannot be easily copied can be used as currency, so why not a non-inflatable crypto ? Or even one that sometimes gains in value ? As long as you are paid your salary worth of the currency, the units don't really matter, think about it. 'Hey, I was paid 0.1 Bitcoins last week, and only 0.01 Bitcoins this week, why is that ? Are you cheating me out of 9/10 ths of my pay ? Well, 0.01 bitcoins buys the same number of lap dances today as 0.1 Bitcoins did last week, so the pay is actually the same, so no biggie, right ? Oh yea, I guess it does spend the same for the same amount of goods and services, never mind then !' THIS is how it could work, because the units really don't matter, as long as the same value is there ! Now clearly your currency cannot moon forever, just because the goods in society are not infinite, so at some point, economic reality will set in and the value will stabilize, it has to stabilize, because even the most religious Hodl-er will at some point sell it and get all the Lambos, if they can, and the value will drop. Fiat will never stabilize, just because you CAN print infinite amounts of it, and it CAN go all the way to zero. In fact, most fiats older than a few hundred years have all gone to zero transaction value, although collectors will still buy your Continental Congress Dollars from you, your Confederate money, and even the Union money of the civil war time, but it isn't for their fiat value, but as pure collectables of financial folly, since they all barely lasted the length of their respective wars, even though some of the countries won their wars, we the people all lost, if we held ANY of these 'hot potato' fiats, when the music stopped, and it was immediately obvious that this 'money' would need to be replaced with something better, and this is still the case with fiat, even today. You can just look at the amount of fiat surging to unheard of amounts, to cover all the government spending we don't need, and you know at some point this will all go south, and for the same reasons the Continental dollar did, but at least that fiat's collapse won America's freedom, and the founding fathers even pointed this out to their upset countrymen, when the unpayable bills came due, whereas our current insane fiat printing just gets Evil Bankers their bonuses faster, which is somewhat less important to me...
Sometimes you need a fiat, to buy what you could never afford, right now, so you can win a necessary or forced war, but with the US's unlimited fiat printing all the time, the temptation to just print your way out of every little want or need is just too great, and our feeble leaders are fully doing this at the moment. Do I like the recent US tax cuts ? Yes, yes I do, but at the same time, my logic and reason tells me that they are pure economic folly, and you simply should not run your entire government on debt and money printing, even if you can get away with it for a time. Crypto is the way to break the cycle of debt and debasement, at least for unneeded crap. Could we NEED fiat printing again, in a WW 3 like crisis ? Yes, but you could always go back if you had to, buy war bonds, and such, even if you knew you couldn't pay them back, some people would still buy them, just out of patriotism, or you could just force people to take them as pay, but we don't need infinite fiat printing all the time, and its time to fix our financial roof now, before the rains of reckoning come, because a whole lot of our Financial Emperors in this pool of fiat have no clothes on, and they tide will go out eventually...
@_date: 2018-11-08 09:57:17
Its amazing how resilient you think the economy is. You wouldn't need to wait for the last Kardashian to throw in the towel and become a HODL Monk to kill the economy, I mean, even a 3 % deflation rate and you can kiss every checking and savings account goodbye, that alone might cause a 2008 style financial collapse, as a lot of fiat money creation depends on those 'dead funds' being on the bank's balance sheets to be relent, instead of being a code in a safe deposit box. Also, even a 10 % drop in spending could send the economy into recession, by eating up everyone's profit margin.
@_date: 2019-01-21 21:57:27
I like that Chase has a bunch of branches and ATM's, and that for me is worth the headache. I try not to handle too much cash, and just pay bills online and send the extra to crypto.
@_date: 2019-01-21 02:31:57
Their quote was about 2-3 % higher than spot on that day, so maybe 6-7 % total, pretty similar to the coin fee here.
@_date: 2019-01-21 21:38:20
It probably ends with a revolution, and another dictator. This country has been in a hole for decades, and with no functional electronic cash, or real cash, its 100 % certain to collapse economically again
@_date: 2019-01-08 10:52:39
They are both ridiculous in their own ways, but 8 % is like a whole year of gains in the stock market. You really don't want an investment to be down 8 % off the top, before you even get any gainz.
@_date: 2018-02-27 13:05:43
Wow, that would be some complicated taxes... So I did 10,000 transactions last year in crypto, each one using 72 altcoin cryptos in fractional amounts, so that's 7,200 pages of Schedule D to attach to my 1099...
You know what ? fSk the IRS, lets do this, full analog filings of all this crap they want. Then they will have to hire everyone on the planet to process the paperwork, and then they will go broke from the tiny amount of actual revenue versus the absolutely insane time to manually enter millions of transactions :D
@_date: 2018-03-05 19:09:06
It will stop when we make them stop, by winning these cases, or passing a law ending the regulation of this trading. I think you are smoking the Crypto-Mary Jane, if you think 0.01 % usage is 'almost there' on full adoption. Maybe almost there on getting the fees down to unobtrusive, but that's more of a prerequisite for further use, not actually getting the circulation a currency requires.
@_date: 2018-02-25 05:56:54
He only supports developing the underlying technology, to not be left behind. He didn't say anything about Bitcoin, or even cryptos in general. I doubt US leaders think about Cryptos at all, except as something that terrorists and criminals use, that needs to be regulated or shut down.
@_date: 2019-01-19 20:57:01
Greed may not have been Satoshi's motivator, but he isn't here at the moment, and if you look at the current crypto crowd, besides the small libertarian group, most of the rest are in it for the greed. Either way, attention is in short supply, and you can't say that random sh!tcoin 3287 gets the kind of attention that Bitcoin got, just because the volume of crypto effluent is so great, that lots of neat stuff gets lost in the poo, including these coins they are not-shill shilling here, as this is the first time I have heard of either of them.
@_date: 2018-03-01 09:33:22
Permabears always think this is the year for Dow 4000, yet it never is. The market is just unpredictable. Yes, all the value metrics like p/e are in pure bubble territory, but they were last year, and the year before. At some point, you have to admit that no one knows when crashes will happen, or end, so you can't just wait for a dip forever, if it isn't dipping.
@_date: 2019-01-06 10:40:48
What is better for Bitcoin adoption and real world use ? Bitcoin ATM's on every corner, or no Bitcoin stuff in the real world ? These things are not great, and used mostly to launder money, but that is a real world use for Bitcoin, even if you have no need for it.
@_date: 2019-01-21 21:14:14
I imagine that is why they don't offer Bitcoin for change directly, there is probably a minimum amount needed to get a usable (non-dust) amount of Bitcoin. Cryptos in general are just a big hassle to handle, bot technically and legally. Hopefully more use will lead to streamlining these things.
@_date: 2019-01-21 02:30:28
Bitcoin requires lots of KYC, fiat/gift cards no questions asked. Seems somewhat unfair, since its actually easier to spend fiat/gift cards, but what do I know. I would also guess that although you can take a voucher for $0.01 to the register and use it (source - I found such a receipt discarded and did this) , I doubt it can make a Bitcoin deposit for such a low amount.
@_date: 2019-01-06 10:37:17
Open a Coinbase account. Pass their KYC. Log in to Coinbase Pro, link a checking account and deposit funds. Wait for funds to unlock. Enter a limit order as a Maker. This will get you into Bitcoin, with no fees, its the best way to do it, at least in the US.
@_date: 2019-01-16 22:08:53
Wen Depression, Wen empty shelves ?
@_date: 2018-03-02 05:05:06
Interesting. I don't buy a lot of parts or other things in that price range, but maybe if you need stuff that is super cheap to make, you might be able to justify the printer
@_date: 2018-11-10 19:10:59
A little ahead, but that was all it took, in the early days. Lots of countries (in the west) had ships, and the world had been circumnavigated and mapped by others, but someone had to put all the ingredients of the 'world trade iPod' together with the right insurance policies and security arrangement, to just roll with it to insane wealth.
@_date: 2019-01-19 14:07:41
I think its a little more chicken and egg than you make it out to be. Could there REALLY not be a single alt out of thousands that solves a problem or provide something people enjoy ? Really ? Can they ALL be total screw ups or scams ? OR maybe people just don't know about good coins. I personally only know about 10 coins with any knowledge, and I'm pretty into crypto. It just isn't easy to be noticed, and its only getting harder, as more cyptos fall into the pile.
@_date: 2019-01-21 21:41:06
Cant have an inflationary currency, if no one will use the regime's currency. This is the land of trillionaire beggars, after all. Barter it is, and will continue to be, while the internet is down.
@_date: 2018-02-24 18:15:19
Don't worry, potheads, you can still send your $10 for some bud secretly, this is just for KYC/AML $10,000 +, where you are just NOT gonna have an official and legal system that allows secrecy, and, to be blunt, it shouldn't be secret, because copy/pasta wrong address, etc. And crypto can't be wild west forever, at some point we have to be legit and follow US law, or WE need to change US law, IMO. I'd be down for the Crypto political party, Down with civil forfeiture, Down with money laundering laws !!
@_date: 2018-02-22 14:18:10
I get your points, it IS a shit token, and it IS centralized, but its also like the joke 'I don't have to be faster than the bear, I just have to be faster than you' This coin doesn't have to be better than Bitcoin, or Ethereum, or even the US dollar, It only has to be better than the bolivar fuerte, one of the weakest fiat currencies in the world. In other words, it could still be adopted and widely used in the real world, even though its not even the tenth best crypto, and lets be honest, even the top cryptos still can't be used at 99 % of real world businesses, so maybe crypto goes bigtime in a third world country before anywhere else, because that is where the fiat system is FUBAR already.
@_date: 2019-01-19 21:16:41
Lightning =/= internet. Maybe its the best thing since sliced bread, or maybe it isn't. Its not reasonable to say it will solve all problems at this time.
@_date: 2018-03-01 09:30:04
I have just one word for you, 'Timber' Think real estate, but with a dividend that is innate, grows on its own, covers your costs, and is not dependent on renters :O
@_date: 2019-01-21 21:42:18
There is nothing handy left to steal, its hard to launder goats (local legal tender) into Bitcoin, with no internet.
@_date: 2019-01-16 21:06:38
Its like this, when kids grow up in Crypto World, we will (for some reason) all save our allowances, instead of buying candy, and then, through Satoshi Magic TM and Wen Moon, our Bitcoin Dust in our hardware wallets will automagically compound to hundreds of thousands of dollar equivalents by the time we are old enough to have real bills, and then we will never need CC and student debt in the first place !
Saver Life !!
@_date: 2018-02-25 17:45:29
This hasn't been widely reported, only the bad government stuff, like every purchase a Schedule D entry. Can you imagine that for Dollars, your schedule D would be 100 pages long, it almost makes mainstream adoption impossible. :(
@_date: 2018-02-27 17:19:07
You are correct, all the mainstream publications are negative, but all of them were written in the last 70 years, where debt and inflation were well-established norms. As to the Industrial Revolution, the negatives are Charles Dickens, basically, that working conditions were bad, and life was harsh, child labor was big (even though farms used more child labor before this time) but this is also the time when all the metrics of humanity soared, and also the time when The United States was Great (1820-1950).
To your point, it might be better if we had a Disinflationary crypto, rather than a Mooner. I'm not sure how such a coin would be structured, but it might be something like Dogecoin, where a reasonable amount of new coins are baked in, but not so much that there is structural inflation. Ironically, Dogecoin itself has had some deflation, but it seems like it is close to the right path, we just need to play with the percentages, until we get it right. I still think that crypto can be massively better than fiat, I just don't have a paper that proves it with economic backing.
@_date: 2018-02-25 08:15:28
The reason people like your parents became believers is a combination of price increase and mainstream hype. 2017 was Crypto Year, all of them just skyrocketed up in price, and that just draws attention like nothing else, and then people start buying, and more hype, and so on, and so on, until the price became so stupidhuge it just had to stop for a while, and that is where we are now.
@_date: 2018-02-27 18:16:33
Wikipedia is pretty good, but it lacks certain intangibles that future historians might want. It tends to be low in raw technical blueprints (nitty gritty) on how to make stuff, and the sort of 'pure fluff' that we focus a lot of our time on. We have lots of coins and other relics of pre-constitutional US states, well-preserved, even, but we still have to dig at historic Jamestown, to find most of the day to day stuff, like combs and buttons, that no one thought worthy of saving at the time, and how the buildings were built, which was also forgotten. Another interesting item (to historians ) is a certain individual Slaveowner's rather over detailed and (apparently honest) diary of plantation life, just because no one else bothered to keep track of that level of detail of this time in history, and all the other examples are court documents and fictional writings about it. For a modern example, I could easily see a society that has always had driverless cars and implanted computers not understanding how people in the dark ages of now often died from texting and driving, just because they have no life experience with manual operation of heavy equipment, besides construction equipment (which is night and day from the commuting experience, ie you would just stop the machinery to send a message, while current roads don't allow you to do that easily) , and never had to manually type anything.
@_date: 2018-03-01 16:31:48
I see this as the financial version of the 'Zombie Apocalypse' scenario. I'm sure at some point there will be another 2008, and unlike then, we will have our Crypto Bucks ready to go, but it could be a while before that level of fecal matter hits the rotating blades of society, clearly it will be longer than Jamie Dimon thought at his congressional hearings (5-7 years), since we have already coasted through that timeframe.
@_date: 2018-11-09 13:02:43
Well, that would be a lot of money, but lots of bad things happened to that area in those 400 years, including the bulbs going to almost 0 right after hitting that peak, so the argument of what they would be worth today is moot. Just think, if the Native Americans had invested that $24 they got from the same Dutch for the purchase of Manhattan at 6 %, they could easily buy back all the land today, including the buildings (!!), but where could you get a 6 % safe return in 1600 ? Nowhere, so I guess the relative safety of modern investing is something to be grateful for.
@_date: 2018-02-25 07:13:55
Logic so bad. Investors don't usually transact, except for day trading, but she is right about one thing, 'investors' will buy anything with Blockchain or Tokens involved. These examples are just proof of that. Realistically, your best option for Jesuscoin is to just hodl them until you die, you might just be able to take them to heaven, you never know ;)
@_date: 2019-01-16 21:16:59
Everyone looking at Japan seriously can see the debtpocalypse, but its not a sudden collapse, but a grinding decades of deflation and stagnation. There was a time in the 1980's when people thought Japan would conquer the world economically, but that all changed. They seem to be caught in some kind of permanent economic decline. Maybe its the debt, maybe its the demographics, but it certainly looks like something that should be avoided, if possible
@_date: 2019-01-21 21:31:06
Most of what the federal government does is useless or unwanted. They could just end the war on drugs and the world would still turn on its axis....
@_date: 2018-02-27 14:01:12
Someone looked back and did some maths on his old album sales, but that is a lot different than actually having a current spendable account. Its likely that if he had it, he would have used it. Also, LOL @ having to admit money in a publicity photo is prop money. I mean, duh. Its hard to imagine a modern musician counting fiat like a green lampshade accountant in a back room.
@_date: 2019-01-07 04:50:50
It took me about three months total, including stupid delays like needing to get a webcam and not an ipad camera to complete KYC, and other BS, but you are not wrong. In the 'plus' side, this bear market has been so long and deep that the buying opportunity I saw three months ago got better by the time I could actually buy. The moral of the story is, you can pay fees to get it now, or you can jump through the hoops to get it without the fees. But if you are not a criminal, you will want to have a coinbase and binance account up and ready, so you might as well start the process now, even if you buy from an ATM as well, because once the BS is done, it only takes about 10 days to onramp fiat, once you have passed all the BS once.
@_date: 2019-01-19 21:25:04
Maybe you are right, but if you were a candidate with 3000 rivals for an election, its hard to speak above the din. I have a feeling the crypto bear/ICO freeze will kill a lot of coins before they ever have a chance to be seen, good or bad, but I think its absurd to say that people should stop trying to make good cryptos, just cause Bitcoin, as the article does. I think any alt that is minable will be going to zero, because there is so much rogue hash looking to 51 % attack, but the other coins might have a chance, eventually.
@_date: 2019-01-17 09:44:39
GDAX is awesome, no one can beat their costs. Yes, Coinbase bought them, but to their credit, they didn't change it.
@_date: 2019-01-21 05:04:12
By law in the US, fiat gateways require KYC, and this is a fiat gateway. Now once you are Bitcoin, you may not need any MORE KYC, at least until you try to offramp that to fiat, then guess what ?
@_date: 2019-01-21 21:52:24
Those come mostly from Nigeria, where they know enough English to con gullible first worlders. You know, Africa IS the biggest continent in the world, because its on the equator, the standard maps distort the size because of the Earth's curvature, and there are many huge countries there. Most of which are not so hot, but each in their own unique way.
@_date: 2019-01-19 12:47:38
Its not too late to launch, but with 3000+ cryptos out there, and new ones dropping like every single day, it seems very unlikely that random sh!tcoin 3285 is really going to break through the noise and ever get noticed, when so many other great transaction coins are going through the Bear Market Meatgrinder, with little of anything to show for their efforts.
@_date: 2019-01-09 05:53:21
I suppose it would depend on your trading strategy, if you wanted to leave funds on an exchange. Stop-loss trades would be of little use if you had nothing was on an exchange, and your keys were in a safe deposit box somewhere.
I have trouble accepting a trading strategy or program as effective, because if you could beat the market consistently, you would eventually have all the money, just from compounding !
@_date: 2019-01-16 21:33:22
When debt can't be repaid, it will default. That is the lesson of 2008, and its not a nice lesson, that leaves everyone whole. Yes, the debt is someone elses income, but that doesn't matter, if there is no payment to be given.
@_date: 2019-01-21 21:43:08
They don't like any sites.
@_date: 2019-01-20 11:56:28
I honestly think the speculators will never leave. There is just too much trading opportunities in this space, relative to most other things. I think mass adoption might cause some to leave, but cryptos will never be as stable as government fiat, even if they can hold value better, eventually. 
I hope all those other newfangled cryptos get a chance, unfortunately, our biological limitations prevent us from focusing on choices after a certain number. I'd say ten or so. I doubt any merchant will ever except more than ten payment methods, its just too much to keep track of, so anything not in say the current top 15 cryptos will probably have to wait for the big coins to die, which might not be that far away, with rogue miners 51 % attacking lots of mined alts, I think they will move up to the larger alts, unless they are stopped somehow. So far, they seem to be able to get away with this kind of theft.
@_date: 2019-01-08 18:51:48
I have heard this complaint before, but it also harkens back to the old stock theory, can you (an individual) beat the market ? Many people think they can, but in actuality, most active traders cannot beat the market, after fees, and this applies in spades to individual stock traders. The entire HODL meme was born from a frustrated crypto trader throwing in the towel on active trading, and I would argue that an 8 % headwind would make beating the market virtually statistically impossible. Also, just how much money could you really have needing to onramp, that you could not have sent in 10 days ago ? Part of one paycheck ? If you are that good at timing the market, you should have almost all of your funds in an exchange (or cold storage) in advance, and save the fee, but the truth is, timing is not that easy, or you would be living the high life, rather than having internet debates with randoms. I have an aunt that was SURE she could time the market, of course she lost all her money timing the market, but she was still convinced she could do it, and would do the 'play money' trading with online stock trading companies, even though her real money was spent. This is just a rabbit hole, and your faith in yourself to call this turn is probably mistaken, statistically speaking, since everyone is trying to do the same.
@_date: 2019-01-19 21:06:55
Throw up your 'book of misinformation that I won't challenge' straw man if you want, but I guaranty you a LOT of the marketplace is waiting to see if lightning can really plunge the drain of high fees and delays of year end 2017. No one cares how it does it (smart contract, settled later, etc.), only can it do it, safely, and with high volume.
@_date: 2019-01-19 14:03:30
Some version numbers have gotten bigger, but on a fundamental level, Bitcoin remains the same. Same mining, same rewards, same block size, same fees. Everything the miners want, and nothing they don't. Lightning is a centralized network, running on top of the same old Bitcoin. Taking transactions off chain can't seriously be called anything but a workaround, and that is fine, because its needed. I look forward to seeing if Lightning really solves the fee and transaction time problems, but that will have to wait for the next bull run, and the return of volume.
@_date: 2018-03-05 19:01:52
Its a combination of civil forfeiture, and 9/11 'hype'. By hype, I mean this idea that everyone not paying everything electronically or writing checks from a Bank of America checking account is a terrorist, or at least doing something wrong, so they call it money laundering. They just want way too much control, and Bitcoin takes away that control, also silk road, which was years ago, but Bitcoin got painted with the same brush, all the users are criminals, we just cant prove it, so go after the currency itself.
@_date: 2018-02-24 17:23:11
Inflation isn't necessary, but without it, the stupid people of the world will realize that they are never getting a raise their entire life, so they may revolt at the continuing increase in housing and medical prices. Also, in a world without bailouts for Evil Bankers, its possible we may have to work through full banking system collapses, since no magic money machine to print 4 trillion every time the Evil Banksters screw the pooch (and lets be honest, Jamie Dimon is just fine with that every 5 - 7 years ! ) Another thing to consider is just how much debt the US can get into, when the amount of debt can change with the price of the underlying crypto.
@_date: 2018-03-01 07:50:15
I think the human system of 'points' comes directly from lower order animals mating rituals. The sort of alpha male competitions that most mammals have. These really don't make a lot of sense, either, since they do it even if there are plenty of mates and food to go around, but still there is this pointless fighting over rank. The male deer only have the antlers for this one thing, they are otherwise unneeded, and useless. If you look at primates, its a little more complicated than they top male gets all the sex, there is a clear ranking to the group, with resources distributed in an unequal but not winner take all way. I think this is how we ended up with our terrible system, we just added more and more rules and rankings to the natural competitive mating instincts we inherited. The one man one woman marriage system took the mating competition part out, for the most part, but we switched over to money and possessions as the way to rank people, because we have this need to do it. I'm not confident we can ever escape the need for points, even though we (the human race) probably have enough saved wealth and production to meet all our reasonable needs for everyone.
Heres an idea, almost all commuting is pointless. If we just redesigned our cities, we could just have standard sized houses near jobs, and then we could just trade houses when we switched jobs, with a payment to cover the value difference of location. This way, almost everyone could live where they worked, and avoid most of the traffic deaths and expenses of cars, with no loss of lifestyle. It boggles the mind that no one has thought of things like this. Its just so hard and costly to buy and sell real estate that we usually don't move, but there is no reason it has to be the way it is.
@_date: 2018-02-24 19:22:37
The problem is that 1011111 % are in the 'don't' column...
@_date: 2019-01-22 09:18:20
South Korea and Zimbabwe are not at all alike. S. Korea is a democracy, and Zimbabwe is a dumpster fire. I think the countries that don't feel threatened by Bitcoin will allow its use in official channels. Your link is broken, but I imagine most will allow it, but with limits, like US AML rules, and no ETF.
@_date: 2019-01-16 21:43:50
For the Japanese, it means they never grow economically, from then on, until they actually fix the problem. Thus the world passes them by, and they become less and less relevant. They are very stoic, and seem to be fine just enduring it, but that may not be the case in the US. I suspect politics will get a lot more crazy than Trump, until we choose someone who would just like to burn it all down...
@_date: 2018-03-05 19:30:04
This, so much this. It has to start somewhere, the fiat-flippening. Once you go crypto, you don't go back...
@_date: 2018-02-24 18:59:41
'Economists report the household debt to be at its highest in decades.  Yet, at the same time, we are being told that the economy is doing great. Does anyone see a serious contradiction?'
Are you ready for the Jamie Dimon great recession 2.0, he DID say we would be getting the shaft from the Evil Banksters every 5-7 years, and its been more than 7 years, and clearly they have been giving us even more debt rope to hang ourselves, than they did before the first great recession...
@_date: 2018-03-01 17:34:13
Wow, an actual good use for a Blockchain, and no random token ICO in sight. Sounds a bit like super-Craigslist, now with metadata ! But there is definitely a need for a free and fast way to reallocate unneeded resources but still track them for future use/recovery, or even just a quick way to loan each other tools and get them back eventually. If you think about it, every person's house has 90 % of the same stuff in it, and 95 % of the time all that stuff is unused. I'm not sure capitalism could even survive unlocking all of that trapped value, just because so much of our society is based on buying more stuff we don't actually need, but it would solve many of our individual problems, with very little resource use.
@_date: 2018-02-27 14:23:13
I suppose this is progress... Darknet &gt; Stripclubs &gt; Supermarkets &gt; JPMorgan Chase accounts = WIN. I doubted everyone could keep hodling when boobies where involved ;)
@_date: 2018-02-25 07:08:51
If only you knew the power of the Blockchain.
@_date: 2018-02-22 17:47:11
Not being a currency =/= worthless. Gold is almost never used as a currency by retail businesses, but it still has value. I don't think Bitcoin will ever go even close to zero, but to be an actual in use currency will require a change in the law, or 100 pages of schedule D filings. That isn't FUD, that is a real problem, which most people avoid by cheating on their taxes, but the whole world can't cheat on their taxes, just because taxes are needed for the things the government does, unless you are a pure anarchist, there needs to be some other answer for a transaction coin. I don't know what that is, but it needs to be something.
@_date: 2018-02-23 08:19:16
Although each Petro is backed by a barrel of oil, you don't just take your lambo down there, whip out your smart phone, and say 'fill er up', they actually give you local fiat if you turn in your petros, in an amount that can buy one barrel of oil. Do you really think El Presidente won't just run his printing press for a minute and whip out a few one billion bolivar notes for some visiting Americanos ? I mean, why wouldn't he ? Its not like he has to give you anything of value for your crypto. I doubt any will be turned in, except for the insiders that get them 60% off, and can arbitrage them into some bonus fiat at tax time (if they even pay tax).
@_date: 2018-03-01 09:18:09
Hey, just email me your private key, and ill send your account my embargoed riches, and then I'll give you a share of them, when I escape this country ;) (seriously, don't do this)
@_date: 2018-02-22 15:24:46
If locals got in at the 60 % discount, but can use it to pay taxes at 100 % face value, it could still be good for them, even if it is a scam coin and loses value from its face price. I think the large initial discount is a reason that it might fail, as the gain to insiders is absurd. At least someone is going all in on crypto, even if it fails, it may pave the way for new national cryptos that have the safeguards to succeed, after we see why it fails.
@_date: 2018-02-22 15:49:00
No kidding, that video is some retro weirdness. Its practically a callback to the original MTV opener, and it clearly plays off the Moon memes. Also, this guy is actually checking his crypto while driving, how did that get in the video ?
@_date: 2018-02-25 06:10:19
His view is mistaken, there will always be demand for natural resources, regardless of what we use for money. The suprising thing is he seems to think of this technology as a new age, like the stone age. I'm not sold on it changing everything, only that it can fix a few serious things, if it can go mainstream. Its no Internet, or Railroad, its not that big. It might be, or they could strangle it in the crib, like stem cells. I think it could go either way.
@_date: 2018-02-22 15:42:31
It LOOKS like you choose to be public or not, clearly posting buys and sells is very non-ideal, but at least you can use a pseudonym. The cool kids might like it...
@_date: 2019-01-20 17:21:49
Thanks ! I'm not sure how this bot works, but I guess its time to find out. This is actually the first tip I have ever received on reddit.
@_date: 2018-03-05 22:12:56
BoA fees are somewhat high, but they are fine otherwise, I was just making a joke that the US feds think bad of you if you don't use the official American banking system in general. I do business with BoA, and I used to get my new fiat from BoA, when I was doing the Where's George thing, and I wanted the longest lasting, least handled fiat I could get, and they almost always have newly printed fiat in bulk (makes sense, based on their size and name). Also, if you want to live that Mainstream American Financial Life (tm), they also have a good gas rebate card, and Merrill Edge brokerage accounts that are ok. I'd rather buy my groceries and gas in Bitcoin or another crypto, but those businesses won't take it, at least not without a Credit Card bridge of some kind, so for now, BoA gas card... /hypocrite
@_date: 2018-02-27 14:54:20
This article explains both good and bad deflation, and there is an important difference, for example, the cost of computing power dropping 99 % over the past several decades since the PC came out was good productive deflation, and boomed the economy, by redirecting spending to other areas, and improving our well being. The article uses the Industrial Revolution as their good deflation example, but PC's are more current, so I feel they are more relatable to the average person living today. The Great Depression was bad deflation, because everyone ran out of money from overleverage, and couldn't meet their basic needs, and the economy seized up. The problem is, deflation is bad for a highly leveraged credit economy, and that is the economy we live in. However, if we ever broke out of our debt ways, I believe we could do better. Yes, that is not backed by facts, but lets be honest, most economics comes down to faith, as does the value of all money, since neither Bitcoin or Dollars are backed by anything. Look at the comments to this article, they are all negative and attacking the content as Bankster Lies. This is a profound loss of faith on the part of the people, and it is part of the fuel of crypto currencies, and maybe taking back control of our financial future may be more important than the smooth running of our hopelessly indebted world. Maybe a bankruptcy washout is what we need to break out of this world, and build the new Deflation Crypto World and that could be a good thing !
@_date: 2018-02-25 07:17:24
For new cryptos, she is right. Also premined currencies can just be created by the software at zero cost, its something to watch out for with some coins. Same with many ICOs, its a legitimate concern, since Bitcoin may be limited, but many other tokens come out in the billions, just to be sold to suckers, and many speculators are not paying attention to things like that.
@_date: 2018-02-26 14:01:12
This is the Japan 1990's theory, that every US citizen will somehow turn into a Hodl Monk, like the guy in Rogue One, and renounce all material possessions at the same time, if a crypto were ever full faith and credit. I don't think that Japan = US on this thing, and its unlikely any other society would act like Japanese people did, under a 1-2 % deflation. I seriously doubt any of my acquaintances would change their ways, or even notice the 'problem' and I doubt that I would, either. That just isn't the American Way, we kinda like to spend our cash, and maybe its time the Powers That Be just left our money alone, and stopped making trillions more of it every five to seven years when Jamie Dimon would like to get another bonus, umm, I mean, the world goes into another Great Recession, like it always does.
In fact, now that there IS a deflationary currency, we can actually test the Japan theory, since there is now something, even if it doesn't Moon Lambo from here, will always be deflationary, and you COULD become a Hodl monk and live on bread, water, and Hodl, but yet I somehow don't see that happening, not without another fast 10x plus move, and that seems unlikely, from the current levels. 
'But Hodl monk, don't you need electricity to use your digital money ? ' 'No, my child, for you see, it will always be worth more next year, the only question is, will it be Moon more. Payday has now become take your Trezor to work day, and I only need 5 minutes of juice, every two weeks, to get my fix...' :O
I am the Hodl, The Hodl is with me, I am the Hodl The Hodl is with me... :P
@_date: 2018-02-22 14:33:02
I actually agree that it is a bad coin, I particularly don't like that insiders can buy it in the presale at a vast discount, the white paper says 30 %, but news reports say its up to 60 % less than face value, which would give a huge unearned and all but guarantied return. I am neutral on premine, although I can see the temptation of abuse. I am not in favor of state issuance, but it will give it instant legitimacy, at least to some extent, so it could succeed, in spite of its inherent flaws, like the Iraqi Dinar, which, like the petro, was created by a trusted third party for a failed state, and was supply limited, and became a successful currency, even surviving the fall of the Saddam government that created it !
@_date: 2018-02-24 19:25:53
We couldn't have even MADE the abacus, if it wasn't for the 2 other finger-like but still countable things on our hands, maybe you should look again... :P
@_date: 2018-02-27 15:22:28
They will likely have implanted chip VR phones with similar capacities to an iPhone, but the system will not be compatible with anything from today, nor will the power system, so good luck finding a USB plug. On the other hand, as a functional antique, it may have huge value, since modern electronics and storage mediums barely last 20 years, unlike paper, where we still have 500 year old Gutenberg Bibles from the dawn of the printing press...
@_date: 2018-02-25 07:48:53
It does seem strange logic that a speculateCoin would be chosen as a national currency, but its possible that the people may choose it, in spite of their leaderships wishes. Venezuela will be a big test case, as they will soon have a national crypto currency. The thing is, if the official currency is shite, then something else that doesn't suck may just come up and eat the state's lunch. The chances of the Petro failing are pretty large, but it could surprise us, we shall see.
@_date: 2018-03-01 09:44:34
But if we all Hodl and do nothing, its just the same as a high velocity currency, right ? Right ? Damn Right ! Moon Lambos forever ! /s
@_date: 2018-02-25 08:27:30
Actually, quite a few people DO care about Blockchain tech, even separate from the coins. The blockchain is great, and proven effective for creating usable internet money, but I'm not yet sold on any other uses, until someone makes something else besides coins great with Blockchain, and it has not happened yet, despite (or because of) 1000 + ICOs.
@_date: 2018-02-27 17:05:05
We will definitely forget what life was like today in 1000 years, just as we have trouble knowing what 1000 years ago was like. Our current technology will not be operable in 50 years, nor will any of our data files be readable, unless someone 'walks them up' to the new standards. Digging up a 1000 year old iPhone would only give you a rusted husk, a fully functional model would be immensely valuable, assuming future people cared about the past, as we do.
@_date: 2018-02-25 07:53:41
Everyone is greedy, what happened is once the price numbers got big, the n00bs, with only the greed flooded in, and it became all about the greed, but you still hear the bank hate and freedom talk pop up every 10-20 posts...
@_date: 2018-02-25 05:15:47
Because ultra low rates can never go up, the evil banksters told me so. Hey, what's that Fed chairman doing behind that curtain ? ;)
@_date: 2018-02-22 16:05:51
Bitcoin is the ultimate novelty item, its like the 2010's Rubik's Cube, I'm sure it will define this generation. Its also an investment, its taxed like an investment, and you REALLY don't want to report 10,000 sales on your 100 page long schedule D for buying lattes from Crypto Starbucks. Another crypto will be Transact Coin, maybe FedCoin. I could see a Fedcoin gaining instant adoption, if it is not taxed like an investment, but was legal tender and had a fixed value, unlike the dollar.
@_date: 2018-02-26 10:06:21
This will never happen again, just because large numbers of people are looking for moon-portunities with internet money now, and even the crap coins have much higher values than Bitcoin had then. Only the crappiest joke coins would ever sell for $ 0.04 a coin or less as a starter value, as Bitcoin did. What happened with Bitcoin was a once in a lifetime opportunity, if you had even heard of it at the time. I didn't even know what it was until after it had topped $10,000 the first time, and any new coin even trying to imitate Bitcoin can usually get to $20-30 a coin just cause moon maybe. 
@_date: 2018-02-28 10:21:11
I think the digital record is smaller than you think, especially for trade secret type stuff. Could you look up how to factory assemble a Tesla roadster with industrial robots ? Probably not, and that type of info may never be posted on the internet to be preserved. When GM closed a car plant 5 years ago, they auctioned off a 5 story mega lift machine they used in the plant, but its use was baffling, even to the attendees of the auction. It was some kind of custom one-off industrial machine, and these kind of things just have little interest to the general public, and could easily be lost to history, if manufacturing plants are shut down too quickly to document them, and those types of plants usually are.
@_date: 2018-02-26 10:11:52
No one rises to greatness without some adversity, it is the stick that gets the ball rolling. I actually think the US will be one of the last places to adopt Bitcoin, or any crypto currency, just because the fiat here is so (relatively) strong, that there is little reason to change. I doubt many non-internet businesses will accept crypto here, until there is another Great Recession, and the people remember why Bitcoin was created in the first place.
@_date: 2018-03-01 09:37:47
Consumerism doesn't really make us happy, but it does give us something to do during the workweek. I have made minimal purchases in the last 10 years, but if everyone did that, there wouldn't be an economy, since most of us have way more stuff then we will ever need already. Could some alternate economic model work with very low spending, maybe with barter or sharing elements ? Its uncharted territory, but if you want a different system, you will have to prove it can work.
@_date: 2018-02-25 07:51:33
You can build your own Blockchain without Bitcoin, or any kind of  token. But the proven uses are few, and this thing currently just runs on speculative fever, so its pointless to Blockchain, at least without the get rich quick hype of coinz !
@_date: 2018-02-24 17:58:21
When bitcoin is ready, it won't BE an investment, just a way to send money, and it won't moon or crash, and will have a relatively stable value. Without that, it will never be 'normal money' of any kind. In Crypto World, there would be no reason to hodl millions of ex-dollar worth of crypto in your house, you would have that in stock, and only handle the coin when doing an exchange. Also, I could see future crypto addresses having your name or business name at the start and end of your public key, so you can look where its going, and don't just copy/pasta all your money to some random key you had previously cut from somewhere when moving your life savings. I mean, its common sense, and should not be hard to code, but I have never seen it suggested before...Another idea is crypto escrow, so you would send, they would acknowledge receipt, THEN you would release (final send), kind of an 'are you sure' popup. This would make a lot of sense. Paypal actually does this for large cash sends. I once transferred 30,000 through Paypal to pay for a condo, and they physically called me to final confirm the transfer. Something like that could be built into crypto, at least for the stupid-huge sends, I mean, how many copy/pasta Bitcoin horror stories do we need to start thinking of rational safeguards ?
@_date: 2018-02-26 13:54:15
Ancient Egyptians built a great society around their world flooding every year. Modern US people also built a great society around money losing a certain amount every year. There is this belief that that success is somehow linked to this inflationary theft, and the powers that be twisting this or that knob. The 2008 meltdown suddenly revealed that Quantitative Ben really had no clothes on, and didn't know what to do, because debasing the currency is all he knows. The late 1970's showed the same thing, that slapping out a little more currency debasement really doesn't solve all our problems, and many of us here finally started to think maybe our leaders are all morons, and this thing could run better on autopilot, and we still think that, which is why we are all here, well, except for the Moon Lambo crowd...
@_date: 2018-02-22 02:37:13
Value of coin fixed to oil price, no lambo, maybe tank of gas - 10 % (discount is in the white paper, seriously) for your lambo, if you drive it to Venezuela...
@_date: 2018-02-22 19:05:00
Right now it is an IOU, it will become a true crypto currency when it is fully sold out. It is run by a third party, and theoretically it will be limited supply. What you have to depend on the government doing is you could turn in your Petro for Bolivars (local fiat) at a rate linked to oil. I doubt many people will ever do that, and certainly no one not living in Venezuela, because this is a really weak fiat, that people only use when they have to. If it does not lose value, it will likely just become the new currency, and just replace the worthless fiat.
@_date: 2018-02-24 19:33:59
We are in the Apple 1 level of the Crypto market, the TRU hobbyists who built their own PC's knew how awesome the Apple 1 was, but the sheeple really didn't, and then the IBM PC dropped with MS DOS pre-loaded, and apple was on its way to bankruptcy (yes, I know it came back, but decades later). that is what the second inning of crypto is. If the Wal-Mart Coin, or the Fed Coin dropped tomorrow, and they could transact at VISA speed, and had hardware wallets, Bitcoin would actually be in serious trouble. Fortunately, Dinosaurs don't believe in asteroids, but if it happened, I think the brand recognition would not be as strong as you think it is.
@_date: 2018-02-28 11:25:13
pretty much the same as an exchange, just moar legit...
@_date: 2018-02-27 14:14:17
Conventional wisdom of economists was that Interest only ARMS increased total spending, boosted the economy, and helped people own homes that they wouldn't be able to afford conventionally, and that was a good thing. The fact that they were spectacularly wrong is the reason Bitcoin even exists today. The truth is, we really don't know, because we have lived in Fiat World for the last 80 years, with money being a pure abstraction with no RL intrinsic value or limit to printing. Every economic problem, besides 1970's stagflation, has been 'solved' by printing money, so its all any living economist knows. We did live under a 'gold standard' for most of the US's existence, and it worked to some extent (with deflationary periods alternating with inflationary booms), so permanent recession is only one possibility. I like to think that we can do better than the current Bailout Economy, and also, fSk economists, I mean, every other expert was wrong on 2008, including economists, so maybe its time for some new financial theories, to deal with our RL problems.
@_date: 2018-02-27 16:07:30
Money and antiques are still useful in peaceful times, even more so, If the distractions of today are gone. You are gonna want something to do in an earthly heaven, I mean, besides harvest your own grain (swords to plowshares), and watch all the animals lie down with each other lovingly (lion / lamb) which is often how heaven is depicted in current imagery, like some kind of idealized peasant lifestyle. Many serious and amateur theologians have speculated that such a situation might be . . . boring. No really, look at the sales of Dante's works, lets be honest, only the bad stuff was really popular. If that went away, what would we amuse ourselves with ? Unless Jesus transcends all our material needs AND wants, we will still have the desire for more, even if we don't need anymore than we have. There are just some innate things to the human condition that make us never satisfied, regardless of the facts.
@_date: 2018-02-27 14:04:23
Its that complicated now, hopefully a solution appears for this, as its trouble for any adoption scenario, at least in the transition period. I don't report the 10 cents or so increase in the value of the Forever stamps I use, so some kind of lower limit might exempt people's small purchases, like how Garage Sales are exempt from Schedule D, if they are few in number, its just an ease of use thing.
@_date: 2018-02-25 07:11:08
GDI, no one even calls Bitcoin miner operations 'Farms', I've never heard that terminology until right now, also miners don't make fake Bitcoins, that's where real bitcoins come from, SMH.
@_date: 2018-02-22 02:39:56
This is basically a bond, but with no fixed maturity date, its probably much safer than a actual bond, since they can only be turned in for the full value -10% if enough coins are still outstanding, in other words, they can not all be turned in, without the later holders taking a huge loss.
@_date: 2018-02-25 08:20:07
He's here to throw popcorn from the cheap seats. Like the two old dudes on the Muppets show. There is a certain perverse pleasure from watching a train wreck, especially if you think you can predict it in advance, and everyone else is stupid. I guaranty this guy will be posting continuously if Bitcoin has a long decline in price, and then silently move on if it goes big time.
@_date: 2018-02-22 15:14:20
I meant its safer for the government than a bond, since the coins cannot all be cashed in at the same time. Its tied to oil price, in that you can turn it in for an amount of their fiat based on the oil price, so its got kinda a floor, if you need bolivars for something. (like to pay taxes in Venezuela)
@_date: 2018-02-22 15:53:51
I assume they will buy some initial coins, there would be clear risks if they didn't, but they probably store them offline, for safety, and just do the trades online. Of course, other exchanges have failed spectacularly, so hopefully they were taking notes. I'm sure there will be vastly more buys then sells at first, so they will have to have some coins, just to get the ball rolling.
@_date: 2018-02-22 19:20:44
I think the risk is directly paying money to the Venezuelan government in the presale. Presumably just buying a crypto on an exchange would not be a crime, but who can say for sure. The presale discount is so huge, its somewhat lower risk if you get in early, at the 60 % discount. Also, no one would sell the actual resources at a 60 % discount, so that is the first red flag...
@_date: 2018-02-22 15:46:26
Kevin Costner
@_date: 2018-02-22 02:55:59
The original US currency, the Continental, was also ran into the dust, then the US started over, why would Venezuela be any different ? Even a corrupt regime realizes that there must be some type of money that is actually worth something, or they are all gonna be kicked out of office, or worse. The white paper clearly indicates that this is for domestic use, as well as imports.
@_date: 2018-02-22 03:48:47
Everyone here seems to be hating on Venezuela, but you are missing the big picture. Did you REALLY expect the almighty US dollar to be the first fiat currency to fall to the power of the Blockchain ? Of course its gonna be some bankrupt and debased but asset rich petro state. Assuming the limit on the coins holds, this could be the chance for a large scale test of a crypto transaction coin in the real world. Yes, most Venezuelans don't have computers, but android phones are very cheap nowadays, and I could easily see them bought and used as a digital wallet and nothing else. In fact, I think some kind of hardware wallet will become standard for mobile payments, as having all your free wallpapers next to your crypto wallet is a non-ideal setup, from a security standpoint. If the value even just holds steady, it will be a huge improvement for the people of this country, and maybe the world, if others follow.
@_date: 2018-02-24 16:57:05
Because criminal. Not the sharpest tools in the shed, but that just makes it more painful when they kill you,
@_date: 2018-02-22 15:44:54
it comes from the person that bought your 'coins' from you, that is the power of a closed exchange. As long as you match buyers and sellers, everything works fine, since its basically just the users trading assets with each other, with Robinhood just pocketing the spread.
@_date: 2018-02-27 04:40:45
Do the current 0.01 % of the population that 'invest' (speculate) in Bitcoin Hodl ? Yes, yes they do, but we are not really debating them, we are debating Crypto World, the non-existent Bizarro alternate reality where a Bitcoin-like crypto has become the new fiat, and your Benjamin's are now stuffed in a jar next to your Jefferson Davis's. In this world, with full mainstream adoption, I would believe most people would use the crypto like they used fiat. In fact, I don't think adoption CAN happen, like even justify VISA-like crypto terminals, without people buying their stupid $4 Starbucks 'coffees' (Milkshakes) in crypto, and not worrying about future price gains.
There would be a difference, and that is debt. In Crypto World, debt is out. You are not running a fractional reserve system, so you don't have infinite crypto money looking to be lent, or being generated by banks and the Fed, and the debt burden of a crypto-loan could just eat you up, if it happened to Moon while you had an outstanding balance. Such an economy would be by definition smaller, but I would hope it would also be much more stable, with less asset boom and busts, like we see now IRL. Since I am hoping for crypto adoption in the real world sometime in my lifetime, these things will need to be hashed out, and it will probably be a shock, since the US has been a debtor nation for literally my entire life (44), so I don't have any direct experience of how a pay-as-you-go economy would even run, but we had that in the distant past, so there must be a way to swing it.
@_date: 2018-03-01 09:49:30
Buy the dip, or would that be trying to catch the falling inflationary knife ?
@_date: 2018-03-01 15:28:39
3d printing is never changing anything, its pure hype, even more than Crypto ! Its rather obvious that it will never catch on, because people don't make their own stuff. Think of it like making your own bread, or butter, but with cheap plastic and metal crap. You can do it, just as you could already make your own food at home (like the base level food) but unless you are WAY into that Artisanal self-sufficient crap, why would you spend the TIME ? When I was young, I went to a zoo. They had an industrial press there, sealed up into a vending machine, and you could pay an outrageous amount ( $8, back in the 1980's, when that was still real money ! ) to basically make your own 3 inch tall piece of plastic crap shaped like an animal. It was kinda neat to watch, ONCE, as this giant industrial machine crushed molten plastic into a cheap non-moving one color plastic model, but even as a child, I could see the utter useless of the device. For like 8 times the cost, I could wait a minute to make my own toy, instead of just buying one from a vender for $1. And a vender would have probably had multiple colors and animal types. This is the fundamental flaw of 3d printing. At the end of the day, you are basically insourcing cheap Chinese labor with expensive US or other first world labor ( YOUR labor), and owning your own miniature factory, just to make a piece of cheap crap that you could have just bought from a Wal Mart for far less money, and time, and programming, assuming it was something normal that lots of people need. Can you print a unique weird thing you saw a design for on the internet in minutes ? Sure, but how many unique pieces of metal or plastic do you actually have a real unmet need for in the course of your daily life now, that you can't get ? Probably none, if you are honest, and don't work for GM prototyping cars (and those guys already have 3d printers). Can you do cool borderline-illegal stuff like print your own gun ? Sure, but you could just as easily (in most of the US) go to a Wal mart and buy a much higher quality gun, that would not possibly explode in your hand, and that would take far less planning and effort and supplies. 3d printing is a fancy DIY solution for a problem that was already better solved centuries ago by Adam Smith, basically specialization and trade saves cost, time, effort, and makes everything better. 3d printing is a big middle finger to the entire free trade-connected Earth. Fsk the Chinese and everyone else who works in a factory, I'll have part of my house BE a factory and fill it with chemicals and supplies, and make all my own stuff ! In a way, its not surprising that you would mention 3d printing in a crypto discussion, as crypto is in a way like 3d printing for your money, in that you abandon a centuries old banking system to store all your own wealth in your house on a thumb drive (or a piece of paper !) Think about it. Its a little different, in that, unlike hard working Chinese factory workers, the Banksters and Corrupt Politicians are pure Evil, and currently stealing your money slowly (and then quickly, when everything they built turns out to be shite, and everything they have ever done was only to get a bonus, and they don't give a flip about real people, like in 2008), with the printing of fiat, so there is a good logical reason for DIY money, but its the same principle, that we can do it better ourselves, with cryptography and our GPU's, than the entire world financial system we were all born into. Bonus irony points for Bitcoin now being 'made' in huge factory-like settings in faraway lands, just like all the physical things we buy (!!)
@_date: 2018-02-27 17:46:05
I suppose that is why I resorted to Dogecoin, since virtually all other cryptos are intentionally designed to Moon, especially Bitcoin itself, since the halving of the mining rewards makes no sense at all, unless the coin moons. Many people have brought up the halving as a problem, but so far its been no biggie, since Bitcoin does not currency, and there has been ample reward to mine it, even mine it so much that power waste is more of a problem then the lowering of the reward. There are a lot of new transaction cryptos that solve the VISA problem, but all of them also want to moon, and do ICO's, and stuff. The more I think about it, the more a Fedcoin seems like the answer. Even the government has stopped seeing inflation as a good thing (but still doing it anyway, addict-like), and is producing counter assets, like TIPS and Forever stamps. A crypto with a fixed rate of 'printing' in the code, and the tax consequences fixed ( not 100+ pages of schedule D, please) by law might be insanely great, but we don't even know if such a thing is being considered, so its back to the free market, to somehow get it right, even while chasing the moon.
@_date: 2018-02-22 05:06:02
I honestly think It has the chance to be legit, as a currency, maybe not as a moon lambo generator, since its all premined, and the starting price is already fairly high ($60 US, strange that its actually priced in US fiat, since we are the ones embargoing them...). As a US citizen I probably can't purchase it legally, at least not directly from Venezuela, and since the initial offering is 30 % discounted, I'll probably miss out in the secondary market, if it pops (and it might). I'm into it enough to read the actual materials and white paper, although I'm not sure if I would actually own any.
This is still a big deal, success or fail, just from the fact that a crypto is now full faith and credit (even if that credit is shite) and can be used to pay taxes legit. It is also quantity limited, in theory, so It could even pop, if the crypto kiddies like it. It may also become the main currency of a RL nation, especially as the fiat currency keeps going down the toilet. And if it does become primary in Venezuela, then it could very well become the most used crypto in the world, and set off other countries on the same path, even leading back to the US, which has never officially taken a position on its own crypto, but if it were as good a store of value as forever stamps, I'd be down for some Fedcoin (!!)
@_date: 2018-02-27 04:58:05
In the context of 'should I worry about another Crypto Pizzas' EPIK regret situation, you would need the full $ 0.04 to $ 10,000 to really get what happened then, to happen now, and that will never happen again, so you can go ahead and buy those pizzas in crypto without guilt, if you can find a cool enough pizza place to take them... In the context of sh!tcoins, to get a SECOND coin going $30 to $10,000 would probably need some level of adoption, somewhere in the real economy. Bitcoin may keep its value as the first and solidest crypto, as a 'virtual gold', but I really don't see any other coin I'm not using at my grocery store ever matching Bitcoin's price. I actually think we will soon see 'reverse Mooning' of shitcoins, I guess you could call it 'Cratering' (TM 2018) Were they suddenly start falling off a cliff in value, one by one, maybe even ending at 0.04, when the last miner goes dark. The financial world just isn't big enough for 1500 + cryptos, with new ones dropping daily. It seems logical to me that when these coins underlying blockchains turn out to be shite, and lets face it, do we REALLY need a blockchain for writers, musicians, photos, etc ? No ? Then the useless coins could really drop as hard as they popped in the ICO's, unless you just want to trade and tip in Trumpcoins, even after he is history, or buy your pot with a pot coin crypto that's very name says 'I am committing a crime here', instead of something more nondescript...
@_date: 2018-02-22 19:27:08
Bah, I didn't even see the asteroid, how bad could it be. Hey, why is it getting dark in the middle of the day ?
@_date: 2018-02-22 19:35:07
Crypto, of any kind, has yet to be seriously tried as a currency. Once crypto Visa terminals are in every business, and they are still not being used, then it could be said to have failed. I'm hoping that Venezuela actually tries to run their economy on full crypto, just to see if it can be pulled off in the real world. I doubt England would try such a switch anytime soon, regardless of their positive talk.
@_date: 2018-03-01 09:53:36
It is debatable, some say deflation will make the average person Hodl, but I would argue that people are gonna spend their extra money, regardless of the overall currency moves. Everyone I know spends most of their income, my saving ways are very out of the norm. I don't see a new currency changing that behavior, but there is no way to know, until a deflationary crypto is adopted. Many countries are planning to go full crypto, so we may soon not be debating hypotheticals anymore on the deflation issue !
@_date: 2018-04-27 12:53:39
I'm sure Bitflation is already in full effect, just like Stockflation, and Houseflation, and Tuitionflation. 4 Trillion in free money is no joke, where it goes, only the Shadow knows ! Oh, yea, and the 1 Trillion in new debt every year now, gotta think of that as well..
@_date: 2018-04-08 11:55:21
Clearly not made by a multinational banking conglomerate. Probably couldn't survive five minutes in a dark corner with a crowbar...
@_date: 2018-04-27 12:28:17
This isn't Crypto Highlander, there could be more than one... Also, if you bought your first Bitcoin for $500,000 years from now, you would still have the currency equivalent of $500,000, so how exactly did you get poorer ? I'll tell you, you get poorer before you bought it, when you were holding $500,000 USD, as the bill keeps coming due on the trillions of dollars in bailouts, inflating away your USD every year, and if we ever go full crypto, you can bet the Evil Bankers will need a bailout, and probably the Federal Reserve, and maybe even the entire Big Dinosaur Government itself, especially when that handy dandy infinite money press goes bye bye ! Why do people have this idea that if someone else makes some money, its a bad thing ? Forget wealth inequality, someone out there will always be richer than you, whether your pile is in USD, Bitcoin, Chuck E Cheese tokens, or Wampum, and that is just The Way It Is, and the way it has always been...
@_date: 2018-02-27 15:57:10
There will always be a need for points, even if its just video game high scores. I think even in a post scarcity world we have an innate need to rank ourselves against each other, and if money were worthless, we would invent a Matrix-like world where scarcity would exist, just to motivate us to carry on living. Look at Bitcoin itself, one of its main functions is to counter post-scarcity, since we can easily (and have) printed as much fiat as is needed, and you net value create when you do it, since inflation is remaining low in the advanced world, in spite of 4 trillion new bills flooding in. The only real question is, will Bitcoin specific points still be valued by a future society ? This is unknowable, but tulip bulbs are not still valued, so its easy to see it going either way. The phone and the Bitcoin are probably your best options, since the other items are only practical to specific situations, most of them bad. Also, you don't need the gun for suicide, any sharp object can do that, and I think its unlikely to be so bad that ending it would be the best option, even post apocalypse, someone has to rule Barter Town, and it might be you...
@_date: 2018-12-14 20:09:06
Aaaaaand, its gone !  ;)
@_date: 2018-12-20 22:14:17
Yea, there are No Vaping signs everywhere, but for a few years, the authorities were just clueless on it, and I imagine USDC will be the same, at least for a while, because there is a lag to regulations. If it wasn't useful to move and store dollars like crypto, then there wouldn't be so much competition for the position of top stablecoin.
@_date: 2018-12-20 21:15:53
It lets you cash out, without the trouble of actually pulling your cash out of the crypto ecosystem. Its big use comes from just how hard it is to get RL fiat quickly into your sh!tcoin of choice. Everyone doing the Coinbase - Binance dance knows what I am talking about. There are also fees, headaches, and limits to actually getting RL dollars out of most exchanges. Try sending your fiat to Binance, you can't, for legal reasons, but this can sidestep that. Also, you can instantly and easily store your 'cash' in a hardware wallet, instead of a bank, if you so choose. 