@_author: trippinwilly
@_date: 2013-04-12 00:30:40
But doesn't that go against the point of a currency? If people can make a buck just by holding a currency, why would you spend it? It undermines the the entire point. 
@_date: 2013-04-12 19:09:13
Its reasonable to take that risk for something like a stock or bond, but not with a "currency." Currency is supposed to help facilitate the transaction of a good or service, not make money. 
@_date: 2013-04-12 19:33:07
I'm just going to assume that you are a troll because everything in your post is 100% completely wrong. 
@_date: 2013-04-12 19:34:27
The point of currency is not to "make a buck." It is to facilitate trade. If you can make a buck by holding currency, why would you ever spend it? If you have the chance of losing money, why would you hold it for any period of time? This is not the logic that should be behind a currency, its the logic that should be behind a penny stock.
@_date: 2013-04-12 00:28:16
People it's helped out? You mean speculative traders? And it is unstable and it has crashed several times, not just today. 
@_date: 2013-04-12 20:48:49
Yeah people trade currency, but that's not the *point* of a currency. But you completely missed my point in the last post. You know what every other currency on earth has in common that bitcoin doesn't have? The purchasing power of every other currency isn't affected by internet rumors. A currency doesn't work if people can increase their wealth simply by holding it, or lose their wealth for no apparent reason. People aren't trading bitcoins like a currency, they're trading them like penny stocks. 
You're probably right, bitcoin probably won't be destroyed by currency trading. It will be destroyed because there are huge flaws in its economic design. If it were used as a currency and the price were to spike for some reason, your economy would literally stop. Same with if the price falls.  
Even the Austrians who initially voiced general support for bitcoin have rethought their positions. Economists are in general agreement that bitcoin is not a good investment or anything close to a being considered sound currency. 
@_date: 2013-04-13 14:53:32


Yes, I would. Inflation is a much more manageable problem than deflation, which I'm not sure you understand so I'll explain. If the worth of your currency increases suddenly, it can buy more stuff. THIS IS DEFLATION. And it is not hyperbole when I say the economy would stop. If you can *make money* by holding onto a currency, then banks would stop lending, people would stop spending and your economy would experience a lot of pain. This is why deflation is so much worse of a problem than inflation. Has slight inflation ever made it "harder and harder" for you to get by? No because people *expect* it and adjust accordingly. 
Yes its true that rumors from the Fed can create uncertainty in markets, but the Fed is there to ensure that uncertainty doesn't lead to price instability. And they've done a pretty damn good job of it by most standards, especially in comparison to other countries. 


That's a pretty big assumption-- to assume that over time, because traders will be buying and selling a lot of it, that there will never be instability. It doesn't just come from trading--any big disruption in a bitcoin economy would send the economy into a downward, out of control spiral. 
And yes, you're right people are talking about bitcoins. But that isn't because anyone thinks its a viable form of currency--its because they're making shitloads of cash with it. 