@_author: tristor
@_date: 2013-04-13 09:24:24
I find Ripple really interesting, and honestly I'd like to see people write some nice wrappers around it because it solves for many of the issues.  That said, I feel like the basic philosophy and construct of the system suffers from issues in how it forms trust relationships, and it ultimately limits the network over which trades can be made in the system.
While any decentralized exchange will require some basic trust relationship as a building block, some way to bring members into the exchange, it's a bit disconcerting that Ripple uses it's trust network as a way to float transactions, rather than transactions being brokered in real time (or near to it).  
What should be a market implementation decision layered on top of the underlying decentralized method of tracking and analyzing orders, has instead been integrated into the architecture for building the network.  Ripple basically operates off margin principles, which I feel like are inherently dangerous to economic markets.  Someone could potentially design something using my idea that does the same thing, but it's not inherent to the design.
@_date: 2013-04-13 06:19:22
I took a look, and it appears there's some interesting ideas being discussed, but that the subreddit overall is fairly dead.  If you've got an interest and the skills, I highly encourage you to run with it.  I've put forth the idea, but I don't personally have the resources or skills to fully implement it, so I'm hoping somebody will see this that can achieve what I cannot.
@_date: 2013-04-13 19:22:40
I'm not claiming that those systems aren't run appropriately, what I am claiming is that there are more than one way to skin a cat, and that those systems have a different objective than this system.  Yes, they're both exchanges/markets, but they aren't trying to be anonymous, decentralized, or resilient to mass attacks from the public space, because their systems are only accessible to trusted parties and there's already a tiered system in place for trading.  Do you think Joe Blow who signs into E-Trade has real-time trading access to every exchange?  There's still latency in how long it takes for an order to complete, and some of that latency is acceptable in any market transaction.  In the case of bitcoin, latency is inherent in how blockchaining works to transfer funds between users.
@_date: 2013-04-13 06:12:05
Yep, I'm aware of Buttercoin.  That's actually what fueled my thought process somewhat, because I saw some seriously glaring flaws in their planned architecture and their choice of technology stack, some of which I feel is at odds with their goal.  While I definitely hope for their success, they aren't trying to write something which is completely decentralized.  The discussions have mostly been organized around building a system which relies on a single master server to handle order processing.
@_date: 2013-04-13 03:25:43
I think it's a bit silly to believe you have to have a single server to be able to run orders in proper sequence.  This is the type of information tracking distributed hash tables were made for.  I'm the last person in the world to usually suggest using Java, but why the hell aren't they using Java?   seems like a good basis for scaling out the order processing functions so that a single system is not required at any point in the architecture.  
If this is built properly, it could be TRULY decentralized by allowing them to take donations of cloud servers from various providers, although if it's self-supporting it opens them up to technologies like anycast being employed to further foil any potential DDoS attempts against the service.
@_date: 2013-04-13 09:56:47
Awesome, thank you!
@_date: 2013-04-13 19:14:05
It's definitely one of the things that bears more analysis.  Ultimately, at some point, when you're dealing in a world that respects fiat currency, and you have to trade between fiat and crypto currencies, you have to have some way to interact in the existing systems.  The existing systems don't provide easy ways to create anonymous but also secure stores of value, for escrow, payment for services, etc.  The closest thing I can figure is using something like prepaid visa cards generated anonymously online, and using them to float funds for short periods of time in order to automate payment for the hosting services within the system.
The assumption is for trades that parties trust the system so are willing to commit or deposit fiat and crypto funds into the system directly, allow transactions to happen without requiring external escrow, but if such an escrow system were required, it prevents another challenge since prepaid cards aren't exactly the ideal environment for escrow, and any other type of value store in the world of fiat currencies is a single point of failure that destroys the decentralized nature and anonymity of the system.
Ultimately, these aren't easy problems to solve for.  I have some ideas, but by no means do they solve the complete set of problems associated with building a distributed, decentralized, secure, and anonymous exchange.
@_date: 2013-04-13 19:15:41
There's other ways to ensure price-time priority without requiring a full sync, because not all transactions require interaction all the way across the system in real time.  Transaction locality helps to account for latency, and some latency is acceptable because it's already inherent in bitcoin transactions, and may even help to stabilize the price in the market somewhat.
@_date: 2013-04-13 19:18:36
You're making a pretty big leap about what I do and don't understand.  Simply put, some latency is acceptable some of the time, and sometimes it isn't.  Different operations in the system can be organized by their resiliency to latency and operate at different levels.  Some things do need to be completed on a single node and have a trust relationship to allow the results to be put back into a distributed system, but ultimately scalability requires the ability to have multiple nodes in the system.  Beyond that, having a single node fundamentally and inherently destroys any concept of decentralization.  Being resilient to DDoS is just one thing to solve for if you're trying to make a truly anonymous, decentralized, distributed, and high performance system.
There are limits to the compute power of a single node, and high frequency automated trading can have a significant impact on the ability of single nodes to perform this function even in traditional modern markets.  To believe otherwise is naive.
@_date: 2013-04-13 23:26:24
Yes, and you missed where my comment was suggesting that Buttercoin should change their approach to become more distributed and decentralized.  I realize that they have no intention of changing their goal, and since then [I've written up what an idea might be for how to securely scale out a decentralized approach](
Also, we obviously have differing views of how to approach difficult problems.  I'm a strong believer that no problem is impossible to solve, if it's approached in the right fashion and that the proper tools are used.  I don't think trying to become decentralized and anonymous while maintaining high performance is anything like an easy task. But, sitting here and saying that the idea itself is outlandish doesn't solve the problems involved in building that type of solution.
@_date: 2013-04-13 09:56:10
The explicit nature of the IOUs makes it possible for one of the parties (or multiple) in the network to fail to settle.  In a system like MtGox or any other traditional exchange (that doesn't allow operating on margin), they're not IOUs, it's a balance on your account held in the exchange, because you've already deposited the funds necessary to complete any future transactions.  Even in traditional margin based trading, the margin account is a credit line against the exchange, not against another trader.