@_author: tritlo
@_date: 2015-05-30 09:37:54
6 people died from products bought on SR. How many would have died from shady products bought in shady alleys? How many would have died in drug turf wars? I'd say that only 6 people dying of people in this demographic is pretty few, compared to other alternatives.
Edit: DPR was an asshole, but I wager that his service saved more lives than it took.
@_date: 2012-10-18 08:23:04
The housing crash happened because it was way to easy to get credit to buy houses, causing demand for housing go seemingly up, while the actual demand wasn't that high. The crash then happens when people stop being able to buy houses, leaving lots of capital malinvested in housing construction, i.e. capital was used to create more  supply in response to the fake demand, and thus taking the scarce resources away from other sectors who were not suffering from fake demand, leaving them worse. The key here is that supply was taken from healthy sectors, not that supply was put into unhealthy sectors
Well then, what do you want to do? Set an expiration date on the bitcoins? Ban people from saving?
What is wrong here is the people buying bitcoins for dollars and overestimating their value. Sure, the exchange rate between dollars/bitcoins would fall, but that is merely a flaw caused by the system not being big enough yet. When you can actually start living off bitcoin, that rate won't matter any more, and the value will be determined by what you can buy for them, not by the exchange rate. Then people would be selling stuff actually for bitcoins, and not merely dollars via bitcoin.
If every sell order on Mt. Gox went trough, wouldn't that imply that the people wanting to buy bitcoins got just what they wanted? Sure, they might have been asking for a price that is in reality way too high, but you can't really blame that on the hoarders. People must realize that these hoarders could in fact flood the market, and take that into account when deciding what they want to offer in return for bitcoins.
[Edit: Spelling, a little clarification. Curse you mobile!]
@_date: 2012-10-17 20:00:43
If there would be one tipping point where everybody suddenly would start spending their bitcoins, sure. But this is highly unlikely, and having artificial inflation hardly makes things better. Those who hold these hoards have earned them through selling or mining, and thus have every right to do with the coins what they wish. 
There wouldn't be a crash, because as you say, there is more supply of every thing. Crashes happen when demand for scarce resources are too high, not when there is more supply. As every single bitcoin is backed by computation, there cannot be created amounts out of thin air, and thus this flood of supply would have actual value, in contrary to fiat currency. This would mean increase in general wealth, not a crash, as there'd be more supply for every one.
I'd go into more detail, but I must get back to my studies. Adieu!
@_date: 2012-10-17 18:53:23
No. What you should be tracking is how much bitcoin is in active circulation, not how much bitcoin is available. Those who hoard their bitcoins are raising the bitcoins' value by reducing the amount of bitcoins that are in circulation, thus increasing the value of each, just as gold hoarders do. Don't go all Keynesian here.
[Edit: spelling]