@_author: troll-ercoaster
@_date: 2015-03-01 05:44:10
If the B&amp;B down the road has the same price, but accepts credit cards, how am I saving money? I just get less protection if I have a dispute with the seller.
@_date: 2015-03-01 05:59:18
Some use Bitcoin for illicit means, ie. cartel money laundering. They don't care if Bitcoin succeeds or not, they kill people to make a profit, they're just doing it to hide their illicit gains. Do they care about you or all the competing drug dealers/family they killed to run the local market? Fuck no.
Some are sitting on stacks of Bitcoin acquired in the early mining days, and are waiting for the price to reach $1,000+ again so they can sell it all. They don't care what happens to Bitcoin, they just want to profit and get out. Once they dump their Bitcoin for millions+, it will send the price of Bitcoin plummeting again. They're happy to have lots of cheerleaders doing all the work for them, getting the Bitcoin price up by convincing friends/businesses to start using it. They're the ones who will profit the most from Bitcoin becoming mainstream.
So there are two groups who absolutely don't care about you or the market stability of Bitcoin. They just care about a quick profit and getting theirs, at the expense of everyone else.
@_date: 2015-02-28 19:19:49
But the good news for travelers is that when they leave the country and haven't cashed-out, when they come back in 5 years, their holding of the "local currency" won't be worth 1/10th the value (looking at you, ARG peso, ahem).
You know what I see? This is all a game of give-and-take between the merchants and the consumers. There has to be a middle ground. If the consumer gets screwed by a worthless currency like ARG, they will either spend less money or altogether pick another travel destination. But if the merchant gets screwed on the exchange, because price of Bitcoin drops and they can't rebuy more stock, they can't afford to accept it. So if Bitcoin is to be integrated globally, there has to be a win-win for all parties.
@_date: 2015-02-28 19:32:25
The best way to do it? Setup a local payment network to which all merchants connect via internet (ie. a website with a merchant login where they can process transactions). Offer travelers a plastic cash-card onto which you can load a "credit" toward a Bitcoin value (you sell them Bitcoin from your county's reserves slightly above what you pay for it to account for discrepancies in operating costs of your system). 
Travelers can present the card at a merchant to authorize a transaction from the account. You can even require a pin that the traveler must enter to authorize the transaction. All of this could be done with a mounted tablet, and maybe even a separate mounted camera for quickly scanning a QR-code on the card to use as a "account number". The traveler receives a receipt by email (or printed in store) showing a change in account balance, merchant receives a credit to his account at the county.
The merchant/traveler can then go to the county to withdraw his funds (either in BTC or have it converted back to another currency at an exchange % again).
I think essentially, THAT'S how Bitcoin will become modern. Once we have a Visa/Mastercard-type card that can be swiped like a credit card. And there will have to be a payment provider that accounts for the user's balance in a local-ledger, as opposed to sending every transaction through the blockchain. 
Yes, that ruins the point of holding your own money, but nothing is stopping you from withdrawing your funds from this "bank". You only need to keep an amount in this "bank" which you use for every-day transactions, and withdraw the rest into your secure wallet.
But it's less of a bank, and more of a "payment provider", like PayPal.
You could also then mint your own currency, ie. say you spend lots of money to print counterfeit-proof bills (ie. you go to the company in Germany that prints all the world's currencies at their high-tech facility), and each bill represents 5-units, 10-units, 20-units. Units of what though? Maybe 1-unit could be a note for 0.01 BTC, 20-units is 0.2BTC, 100-units is 1BTC. 
The advantage of a plastic card is the user can close his account online, and transfer the funds out to his Bitcoin wallet, if he has left the local area. Whereas the paper currency, they would have to use one of your service counters or ATM's to convert it back to BTC/USD. 
Plus, you will pay LOTS to print your own counterfeit-proof currency. I think the minimum order at the Germany facilities is in the millions of notes lol. The good news is that as users lose this currency (ie. the currency fell to the bottom of the ocean, burned in a fire, or left with the traveler never to return to this area), that is a BTC-value in your reserves that will never be withdrawn. So paper money is actually good for your reserve, but bad for the travelers, if they never convert back to BTC.
**tl;dr:** run your own Visa-like payment card network with deposits/withdraws in Bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-02-28 19:01:17
There is a better option: go to the B&amp;B down the street which does accept Credit Cards for free. Or you know, use airbnb.com instead.
I would not do business with any company that refuses credit card or adds a surcharge.
I accept credit cards. Just pass the cost to the consumer in the price.
@_date: 2015-02-28 18:56:17
I once read that for a currency to have a value, it has to be like the breath, there are two phases: breath in, breath out. In the case of currency, "breathing in" is the consumer acquiring the currency as income, "breathing out" happens when the government taxes the currency. The more money the government collects in taxes, the less it has to print to make-up for the shortfall.
In cases like Greece, the people refuse to pay taxes, which seems like a smart idea at first. But the overall effect is that the government cannot pay the bills, the country becomes a shittier place to live as services are cut, and the paper-money has no backing in anything of value (which in this case, the value-backing would be the success of the Greek economy). 
Taxes are a healthy part of an economy. Greece doesn't need Bitcoin, they need to arrest tax-evaders.
@_date: 2015-02-28 20:01:17
Yeah, but if they got rid of the Euro and started printing their own currency, they would still need to decrease tax evasion to save the economy from disaster.
@_date: 2015-02-28 19:05:48
Sounds like a Princess Diana conspiracy.
@_date: 2015-02-24 06:07:43
Am I the only one that keeps checking to see if Vancouver has Uber yet? Why can't Canada have nice things :(