@_author: troll5l2oyce
@_date: 2014-07-17 19:21:19
Ben, the US doesn't even run it's own currency.. It's outsourced to the Federal Reserve. How are we supposed to trust a government that can't handle it's own currency? Get rid of the Fed and then come back here and MAYBE we'll take you a bit more seriously. Btw, Mt-Gox was based in Japan not the USA so your reference to them and US regulation is invalid. Look at Bernie Madoff - all that government regulation and he still shit on everyone.
Trying to regulate a decentralized currency will drive the industry underground and from the looks of it you don't have the budget or the means to ever stop that from happening.
The crypto market is regulated BY the market. In the situation of Mt. Gox - the people who lost are the ones who kept their decentralized money on a centralized exchange. It is up to the USER to secure his/her own funds off of a centralized 3rd party exchange. Any user who keeps large funds on a central attack vector like an exchange needs to educate themselves about decentralized currencies. 
All regulations do is stifle commerce. There are already innovations happening in the crypto-currency space that will prevent both A) Currency theft from exchanges and B) Futile government regulation and financial tracking. At the forefront of this innovation is a crypto called Shadow. It's an anonymous decentralized currency that is planning ring signatures, stealth addresses and zero knowledge proofs. Another is Cloakcoin that has a built-in decentralized multi-currency exchange and a decentralized p2p marketplace layer - all trustless. 
You want to know how to help? DO NOTHING. The market penetration is far from being mainstream and we haven't even begun to scratch the surface of what is possible here. Stepping in now would be like trying to regulate Edison/Tesla immediately after their contributions to the discovery of industrial applications for electricity. You government scumbags need to step back and handle what you already have. Because it looks like you have enough on your plate as it is. 
You don't even know what to do with the money once you get it from us. You tax all of our income we earn when we are alive and then when we die you tax us again; Furthermore, the death tax (Estate Tax) is a 40% tax on all the income that we were already taxed while we were alive. The funny thing is you then turn around and give this money away as aide to foreign countries that haven't done shit to earn it. This is the logic coming out of this "government" which honestly I stopped taking seriously the minute I moved all my funds into Bitcoin 2 years ago. You people are nothing more than criminals who expect something for doing nothing. 
Posts like these are clear indicators that you should move your money into more privacy centric cryptocurrencies. If anyone is looking for a completely trustless end-to-end decentralized financial privacy solution the guys at Shadow are innovating this space faster than anyone in the crypto space. They just made the frontpage on the  deep web news site on the net.  
updated: new article link
@_date: 2014-07-18 05:43:22
fucking government trash. 
@_date: 2014-07-18 06:51:09
Heya Shared! I'm actually invested in all of the promising anontech coins since Stablecoin/Anoncoin.
I'm a fan of Cryptonote as well but the code hasn't reached a level of maturity that will support long term code maintainability. I spent about 2 weeks going through the different repos. One Cryptonote coin to look out for is Mixcoin. They're doing a cryptonote implementation into the bitcoin code base. Should be a really interesting experiment.
The thing that really drew me to Cloakcoin is the level of professionalism from the development team and the roadmap. The dev team posts video journals to update investors of the progress being made on the different features. Another thing is the ecosystem it really reminds me of an anon decentralized version of the PayPal/eBay ecosystem. Really next level stuff. I haven't seen another solution that blends so many things into one seemless solution.
@_date: 2015-01-29 17:28:38
Nothing supports it?  note the "Shadow Tokens" on the explorer.