@_author: trontomoon
@_date: 2019-12-28 15:36:12
exactly and then give you such a long process to file a dispute that you might as well pay that $2.6 interest even though you know it's their fault.
@_date: 2019-12-28 15:34:59
Legal contracts - obviously everyone reads them but to understand the tiny details you either have to be working in the industry or be a lawyer. It's always a common complain from people that these contracts are confusing and throwing the ball at the consumer with negligence doesn't really change the fact that they are designed to favour the banks. It's just an easy way out when you say 'oh you didn't read what you signed' 
You perfectly answered the solution to the problem itself on how someone can take cash advance and pay off the another credit, hence they charge interest from day one. So, why allow cash advances on your credit card in the first place? I bet many people won't even use it or consider it as a big benefit of using cash advances from credit card. It's not really a perk but a trap.  
Crypto applications are far from competing with credit cards at the moment. The convenience outweighs the perfect solution. But as far loans, credit and lending is considered - 2019 was the year of Defi and we will see more in 2020.
@_date: 2019-12-28 03:22:31
it's not about loans or interest in this particular case. the finance / math part is completely reasonable. You take a loan out and you get charged interest on it. But the hidden agenda on how it is done is the part that we are so used to it that we deem it as normal. Think about it - You use your credit card on a day to day basis, let's say your limit is 10k and due to recent purchases it's at 5k now. But you always pay your credit and full amount in time which is 16th of every month. Now you just took a $20 out of the ATM cause you had to pay for subway and you had no money and it's 22nd of the month. According to the cash advance rules, you need to pay off the entire 5k balance today unless you want welcome interest.
Crypto doesn't solve this problem because this problem doesn't exist in crypto. It's about open information. the terms and conditions are not hidden because the information is open in crypto. If the banks charged me $x, they should be able to tell me from which date to which. If miner 'x' takes a fee, I can see it the explorer, as simple as that.