@_author: tronblack
@_date: 2015-12-23 22:22:05




This is the correct answer, provided there is not an arbitrary cap on the block size which distorts the market.
@_date: 2014-12-04 22:49:18
I'd have to agree with your son.  Bitcoin is quite possibly the most interesting technology since the Internet.
Here is 3000 bits for your son.
A Ponzi scheme has certain elements that just are not present with Bitcoin.
I admire you for taking the time to visit with the teacher and school Principal. 
@_date: 2014-07-03 20:01:56
If you design the mining algorithm(s) to perform enough different operations and you require enough memory, eventually the ASIC will look very much like a general purpose processor.  
Designing an ASIC-resistant algorithm is a continuum which converges towards a general purpose processor.
On the ASIC design side, since you know the algorithm (application) in advance, you can optimize the operations which makes it 'application specific'.
Making it ASIC-resistant would simply be making the mining algorithm complex enough that the economies of scale gained by designing and selling a general purpose processor always exceed the benefit gained from building an 'application specific' optimized version.  This is very possible.
@_date: 2014-09-25 21:45:14
2015 Sep 28  02:48:17 UTC
@_date: 2014-08-02 19:17:55
I don't think their choice has been determined yet.
Let me start by saying I don't work for Counterparty or have any affiliation with Counterparty, but I do research and work with these technologies every day.  I do own XCP, Ether pre-sale, Mastercoin, Bitshares (Protoshares), XRP, Stellar, etc.
Counterparty is an excellent choice for a number of reasons:
1. They have a working product.  I know this because I've used it to create 'assets', trade assets on the decentralized exchange, and trade assets on a centralized exchange.
2. There is a decentralized exchange.  It is possible to trade assets to other assets or to/from bitcoin without trusting a third-party centralized trading platform.  The original asset is in escrow until the trade executes.  No hypothecation is possible on the decentralized exchange.
3. It is secured by the hashing power of Bitcoin blockchain.  Don't underestimate the value of this.  
4. It allows for dividend distribution to all 'asset' holders in a trivial manner.  The dividends can be distributed using BTC or XCP as the carrier of value.  The dividend recipient can then keep the value in BTC, or exchange for their currency of choice.
5. The public key / private key is the same as Bitcoin which means that the tools (Paper wallets, BIP 38, Multi-sig, Hardware wallets) for securing Bitcoin keys will be shared with Counterparty assets.
6. One can create a well-secured Bitcoin address, and store your bitcoin, and any other Counterparty securities using the same address.
If it is so easy and works so well, why isn't everyone already using Counterparty for their company stock?   The answer is simple.  In the US, the SEC has very specific rules for issuing publicly traded securities.  The costs of complying are significant.  Overstock already incurs these costs.
What about Colored Coins or Mastercoin?  Yes, also good choices, but Counterparty is ahead in the ease-of-use dept.  
@_date: 2014-07-31 23:25:11
This removing the block reward is a great idea.  To avoid a shock to the system, let's remove the block reward a bit at a time.  We could halve it every 3 to 4 years, and that way we'd phase it out completely over a hundred years or so.
Wait. What?  It already works that way?   Oh. Ok. Never mind.
@_date: 2014-06-12 20:22:40
Within a few orders of magnitude of the number of atoms in the observable universe.
2^256 is ~ 1.16 x 10^77
Number of atoms in the observable universe is guesstimated by some to be between 10^78 and 10^82
@_date: 2014-09-22 23:38:50
Ben -- If your comments when extending the comment period were genuine, then you already realize that the written regulatory words will be interpreted in ways different than you intended.
I think it would be instructive to look at the Patriot Act, and how it has been interpreted and abused beyond what even the original authors say they intended.
Perhaps the real Ben Lawsky will get a chance to read these comments.
@_date: 2014-03-31 21:21:58
Letter to the IRS requesting a revision to their guidelines:
I am involved in a project to help people comply with the new IRS guidelines.
I understand the general rules related to property, barter, and capital gains reporting.
That being said, the guidelines for mining (Q-8 in Notice 2014-21) do not make sense.  I can only assume this is because of a failure to understand the nature of crypto-currency mining.   It is more akin to creating value from raw materials.  
I assume that the 1031 like-kind exchange applies to the various 'copies' of Bitcoin (commonly known as alt-coins) because they are far more alike than say the Hyatt Regency and the Peabody Orlando hotels that are exchanged in multi-million dollar deals.
As someone who has a vested interest in having the rules be reasonable, and therefore more likely to be followed, I would like to see a revision to Q-8, and allow mining to remain with a cost-basis of $0.00 until the conversion into $USD or traded into goods and services.  It is at this point that a value is easily established.   
This approach is good for the IRS for three reasons:
1.  It is less likely that the technically savvy will just ignore the IRS guidance, thereby making the revenue on the eventual capital gains more likely.
2.  By putting the capital gains at the point of conversion into money, goods and services, it becomes possible to determine the capital gains with some precision.
3.  There are a whole raft of questions which have not been addressed related to mining that will need to be resolved by your department or by the court system.   For example:
a) How would a mining pool, which holds the private keys prior to distribution be able to do accounting?  
b) Does the taxable event occur when the mining pool distributes to a key pair that I control?
c)  If two (or more) people hold the private keys who is responsible for the taxes? 
d)  If a value has not been established for a crypto-currency (other than Bitcoin) at the time of mining, is the cost-basis zero?
e)  When is the value established?  
f) Does the IRS have a table of newly minted crypto-currencies and when they first gained a value?
g)  The unconverted value is not a static number.  If the IRS is counting unconverted crypto-currency, can one take into account the depth of the market because a large miner could force the value near zero on a small exchange with a quick liquidation? 
h)  Does a spreadsheet of trades on some rinky-dink site count as an establishment of value?
Please reconsider setting the cost-basis a the time of mining.  It is an unreasonable request in an otherwise reasonable approach to the taxation of crypto-currency.
Tron Black
 
@_date: 2014-08-08 17:51:07
BIP32 is able to create many addresses from a 'seed'.   It differs from the QT client which also creates many addresses, but has to keep the private key for each.  The danger there is that if you loose any of the many private keys, you also lose the funds in those addresses.
BIP32 is just a standardized way of generating private keys (and the corresponding public address) from a single pass phrase.
I like Bitcoin and I expect it to stay the clear leader because of the early lead and the network effect, but solutions like Monero [XMR] solve these privacy problems.  
Another solution to the 'ice cream' problem is to not carry much in your phone-based wallet.   The ice cream parlor can also see how much money you have when you open your wallet to pay for the ice cream and you rifle through a massive stack of $100 bills.
Sure, you can 'back-trace' but the probability of ownership goes down for each transfer.  Eventually, you'll run into the originating block that issued the bitcoin into the network (the coinbase transaction).
@_date: 2014-11-28 20:42:31
Make your own token/coin for only a few pennies worth of bitcoin.  Give it a unique name for only a few dollars worth of XCP.
It is up to you to make the token/coin worth something.
You can create just 1 or billions of your token/coin.  You can make it divisible (like bitcoin), or not.  You decide these options when you create your token/coin.
You can make a token/coin for which YOU can issue more, or lock it so everyone knows exactly how many exist with no chance of increasing the qty in the future.    
You can send Counterparty tokens/coins to any bitcoin address.  But the recipient will only 'see' them if they are using a Counterparty-aware client like the popular web-based 
The Counterparty token/coin data rides on the bitcoin blockchain, so the data is secure.   Counterpartyd interprets the data that is stored in the bitcoin blockchain. 
@_date: 2014-05-22 21:54:25
I started an online Bitcoin accounting system that tracks value (in USD), sends notification when the value goes up/down, sends daily notifications (optional), connects to exchanges (Cryptsy, BTC-e, BTER, etc.), and monitors your mining pools through APIs.
@_date: 2014-07-31 00:30:16
It will depend on how Argentina moves forward for raising revenue.  Their interest rates for government borrowing will necessarily rise.   
If they choose excessively high tax, or close the banks and take funds (ala Cyprus), it will benefit Bitcoin.
The question becomes whether the people of Argentina get in front of it.
@_date: 2014-11-18 17:04:29
This is actually a pretty good summary. 
It was created with a mildly adversarial process (in a good way) which allowed the proponents of the each platform to put forth their strengths and discuss their opponents weaknesses.
It used to be in one large page.  Now you have to go to each platform.  There is a summary table for some of the key features that are important for crypto-security issuance.
@_date: 2014-10-25 07:21:40
Yes, of course bitcoin can find fertile ground in Argentina.
While some may argue that nobody will "sell their precious bitcoins" in that environment, what really happens is an exchange rate that is higher that the official exchange rate.  This already takes place with the "Blue Dollar" exchange rate which differs considerably from the official government exchange rate.
Good money will chase out bad money.
The obvious government counter to this is more capital controls, but the nature of bitcoin makes it extraordinarily difficult to prevent peer-to-peer exchanges.
I would expect the value of a bitcoin in Argentinian Pesos to be closer to the Blue Dollar exchange rate.
Oh, look, there's already a Bitcoin Blue rate.
  (scroll to the bottom)
@_date: 2014-05-23 01:53:00
Got the pizza.  Thank you.  
Pizza delivery guy couldn't take a bitcoin tip, so I tipped in him in fiat.
@_date: 2014-10-25 18:37:53
Coinalyze.com (formerly CoinCPA.com) does this.
No private keys -- just public keys.
Supports bitcoin and about 100 alt coins, with a voting site if your favorite isn't supported.
Connects with a bunch of exchanges, and also some mining pools.
@_date: 2014-10-26 20:21:10
Ok, imagine a company.  We'll call this fictional company GtMox.  Let's say that this fictional GtMox is run by an unethical person, or coerced by a fictional government entity that illegally applies a MSB regulation retroactively and seized $5 million USD.
What if this fictional GtMox could add non-existent US Dollar balances just by changing a number in the database and have a bot buy real BTC, running up the price to $1240 or so?
Then, after preventing withdrawals, adds a non-existent off-chain BTC balance to the balance of a fake account, and starts selling BTC, pushing the price down, down, down.
Without an audit of on-chain hot and cold storage BTC against off-chain BTC account balances, how could a fictional scenario like this be prevented?
Is there a difference between a naked short sale of borrowed hyphothecated stock and a scam off-chain BTC ledger operated by a  high volume BTC exchange?  No.
@_date: 2014-09-21 23:59:59
Excellent.  Great teaching tool.  Far better than TV, video games, etc.   There are many important lessons learned in running a business.
I'm truly surprised at the amount of abuse you're getting from other posters on this site.  I would've thought that Bitcoin owners would appreciate more than anyone the importance of win/win economic exchange. 
Keep up the great work.
@_date: 2014-08-13 16:06:00
Let's assume the 'we' includes the people that vote for our representatives.  How are 'we' to know what is being done if 'we' have no awareness because either our representatives didn't know, or chose not to share the information with us.
Give us the information on what is being done, let our representatives declare whether they are for or against spying on our own country, and let then us vote.  I'll take that option.
@_date: 2014-07-06 18:17:49
CoinCPA is doing this.
An API is available to integrate into other legacy accounting systems.
Currently tracking balances, but transaction level reporting is very close.
And it will be automatic.  Add your public addresses, and the accounting is done for you.
@_date: 2014-07-25 20:12:02
^ This
@_date: 2014-08-07 20:08:57
Whether we call them bits, or something else, using 1 millionth of a bitcoin is a logical choice.  It fits neatly into existing accounting systems because the two decimal places after the decimal point will hold the entire value (down to the satoshi).  You cannot even track 0.00939823 in a legacy accounting system - even as an asset value - unless you change it to 'bits' or 'satoshis'
It also alleviates the need to carefully count the number of zeroes after the decimal to make sure you're sending the right amount.
It is easier for the human mind to grasp that $1.00 is roughly 1700 bits, and thereby reduce overpayment mistakes by not putting enough zeros after the decimal place.  Quick...  Is it 0.0017007 or 0.017007 or 0.00017007 per dollar?   Sorry too slow, you just overpaid by 10x.  Enjoy your $45.00 coffee.
For those reading this post years from now.  1 BTC = ~$588.00
@_date: 2014-08-05 05:28:01
I wondered this too.  Andreas M. Anonopoulos  What does the M. stand for?
I think they just got it wrong.
@_date: 2014-11-22 20:16:34
The point is that for us, that now understand the implications and advantages of having electricity vs. gas lamps and paraffin wax, it seems so obvious to us that these fine folks should be thrilled to be getting electricity.
Without the aid of years of observing all the benefits of using the technology (electricity or bitcoin), it isn't easy for everyone to imagine all the possibilities.
But for some -- the early adopters -- the imagination is sparked and they get to work on buying or building all the 'gadgets' to take advantage of this new electricity (bitcoin).
@_date: 2014-09-08 19:21:04
Bill Ready from Braintree (division of PayPal (eBay)) already spoke on this and discussed working with Coinbase to integrate Bitcoin into merchants using Braintree platform.
From Agenda of Disrupt SF 2014
In Conversation with Bill Ready (Braintree/Paypal)
@_date: 2014-07-22 16:56:13
We have a few of these left. It is 'rippable', but waterproof.
We take bitcoin.  Still working on the back end for automatic processing, but the BitPay payments work.
Edit: Laser printer only.  This paper will not absorb ink.
@_date: 2014-10-08 23:25:01
Thank you Andreas.   You did a spectacular job.
@_date: 2014-03-31 21:18:55
Letter to the IRS - requesting a revision to their recent guidance.
I am involved in a project to help people comply with the new IRS guidelines.
I understand the general rules related to property, barter, and capital gains reporting.
That being said, the guidelines for mining (Q-8 in Notice 2014-21) do not make sense.  I can only assume this is because of a failure to understand the nature of crypto-currency mining.   It is more akin to creating value from raw materials.  
I assume that the 1031 like-kind exchange applies to the various 'copies' of Bitcoin (commonly known as alt-coins) because they are far more alike than say the Hyatt Regency and the Peabody Orlando hotels that are exchanged in multi-million dollar deals.
As someone who has a vested interest in having the rules be reasonable, and therefore more likely to be followed, I would like to see a revision to Q-8, and allow mining to remain with a cost-basis of $0.00 until the conversion into $USD or traded into goods and services.  It is at this point that a value is easily established.   
This approach is good for the IRS for three reasons:
1.  It is less likely that the technically savvy will just ignore the IRS guidance, thereby making the revenue on the eventual capital gains more likely.
2.  By putting the capital gains at the point of conversion into money, goods and services, it becomes possible to determine the capital gains with some precision.
3.  There are a whole raft of questions which have not been addressed related to mining that will need to be resolved by your department or by the court system.   For example:
a) How would a mining pool, which holds the private keys prior to distribution be able to do accounting?  
b) Does the taxable event occur when the mining pool distributes to a key pair that I control?
c)  If two (or more) people hold the private keys who is responsible for the taxes? 
d)  If a value has not been established for a crypto-currency (other than Bitcoin) at the time of mining, is the cost-basis zero?
e)  When is the value established?  
f) Does the IRS have a table of newly minted crypto-currencies and when they first gained a value?
g)  The unconverted value is not a static number.  If the IRS is counting unconverted crypto-currency, can one take into account the depth of the market because a large miner could force the value near zero on a small exchange with a quick liquidation? 
h)  Does a spreadsheet of trades on some rinky-dink site count as an establishment of value?
Please reconsider setting the cost-basis at the time of mining.  It is an unreasonable request in an otherwise reasonable approach to the taxation of crypto-currency.
@_date: 2014-08-07 21:51:31
What's a 'phone number'?
@_date: 2014-08-01 16:43:07
Rumor is that folks found out the dollar is a pre-mine and apparently there is no cap on how many can be issued.
I think there may be some shenanigans going on.  There's no blockchain and they stopped publishing how many are issued:
Shhh.  Don't tell anyone else.  I still have dollars to unload. ;)
@_date: 2014-10-06 22:19:39
Congratulations Robby!
@_date: 2014-05-22 23:37:08
My real name, and my username match.   
My bio is on the site:
The whois record for the domain:
My business partner jokes about my name in this episode of Bitcoins and Gravy on the Let's Talk Bitcoin network (2nd half):
My business partner and I are interviewed in this episode (2nd half)
If you need more, let me know what will work.
@_date: 2014-08-15 01:49:22
I'm fascinated by this discussion.
I agree with jdkeith that a system can't validate itself.
However, it does seem that a checkpoint after 'sufficient' distribution provides the decentralization needed.  The acceptance by others of the software (with the checkpoint) provides external validation.  Repeated checkpoints should not be necessary.
The users of a proof-of-stake coin MUST trust the source of the software with the checkpoint, but that is true in any case.  If you download a rogue bitcoind, it could show you anything, even if it couldn't interact with the real bitcoin blockchain.
On a proof-of-stake coin, could a malicious party create another chain that has themselves as the owner of most of the coins?  Yes.  But anyone can do this for any proof-of-work or proof-of-stake coin.  Example: Modify the Bitcoin code, build your own private blockchain and become a Bitcoin millionaire, but your bitcoins are worthless - or rather don't exist - for anyone not on your private chain.
Proof-of-work acts to distribute the coins, while  proof-of-stake doesn't.   Proof-of-stake concentrates ownership as the block reward goes to those with coins already.  This is ok, provided the initial distribution is sufficiently wide AND  proof-of-stake block rewards are not too large.
In my view, what made bitcoin different than anything that came before is the use of  proof-of-work for distribution, security, and value.   Proof-of-stake does not work for distribution, but will work for security if you trust the start point (software, fair and wide distribution, and checkpoint after distribution).
This leaves the value question open.  Can a proof-of-stake coin with a reasonably fair distribution reach a similar value as bitcoin through the network effect, even if it is known that any increase in value is going purely to the early adopters?  Or does the value of a proof-of-stake coin lie somewhere between a purely equitable proof-of-work distribution and a 100% pre-mine?  
Does the fact that it costs $500 to mine a bitcoin contribute to its value, or is it independent of its value and just a waste of natural resources?
@_date: 2014-07-15 22:11:49
Thanks Wolfram Alpha.
@_date: 2015-01-23 04:16:09
I read the first chapter on Amazon, and bought directly from you.
Only read a bit of it, but it seems very well written and so far it mirrors the terminology I've adopted for explaining Bitcoin to beginners.
Thanks for a fair price and the option to buy direct.
I concur with Julia, "Great job, babe!"
@_date: 2015-01-15 23:21:11
Crypto-currencies don't carry counterparty risk in a normal transaction because the software enforces the exchange.   So that is a non-issue, unless you are referring to the custodian (voted by NuShares holder).  I'll freely admit the human intervention is a risk - albeit a low risk and only needed when the value of NuBit is too high.
Centralized exchanges carry counterparty risk, but that is not unique to pegged assets, and therefore isn't relevant to the conversation.
Unless you provide some sort of concrete example of where there is another risk, I'm going to assume that you haven't really looked at the structure of NuBits/NuShares.
The best way to settle this will be to watch the real-time experiments such as BitUSD and NuBits and see where they lead.  The rest is just academic conjecture.
If NuBits or BitUSD succeed in holding their peg, then your original premise is flawed.
@_date: 2015-01-15 22:28:48
Except for the community collectively voting in dishonest custodians for the express purpose of lowering the value of NuBits, I'd like to know where the counterparty risk exists.  
It seems the counterparty risk is decentralized and spread among those who want to work in NuShares' best interest.
If you've really looked at it and have found specific flaws or specific risks, I'd love to know about them.   I am in evaluation mode.
Seriously. 
@_date: 2015-01-26 20:59:47
I have neighbors like that too.
@_date: 2015-01-15 21:47:56
I've had this discussion with some really smart people, and I have to say that I took your side initially.
Recently, however, I studied NuBits (and NuShares) and it looks like they've figured out a way to peg the currency to a fixed fiat value.  They've chosen USD.  Whether you like or dislike their choice is irrelevant.   The peg seems to be holding through some very volatile movements in Bitcoin.  The same mechanism could be used to peg to anything.
I am not part of the project or associated with the project in any way. Full disclosure: I own a very small amount.
NuBits includes a way to issue new units to lower the value of a NuBit, and a way to 'mop-up' NuBits by paying to lock-up liquidity.
You may ask, as I did, "What happens to the excess value when more people buy NuBits?"   The answer is that it is distributed to NuShares holders in the form of Peercoin.  "Trusted" custodians perform this operation.
In order to 'mop-up' NuBits, holders are incentivized to lock-up their NuBits for a period of time by getting an interest rate.  
Who sets these interest rates?  The NuShares holders do -- with a voting system.  It is like a the operations of a central bank - decentralized to all NuShares holders.
I may look foolish and regret writing this post, but as of today it is working as expected throughout some pretty wild swings.  NuShares increased by 38% while Bitcoin and others dropped by 25% as NuBits was used as a safe-haven.  NuShares is now dropping as Bitcoin rises.  NuBits (the pegged currency) has remained within a few cents of USD$1.00.
I'm not suggesting anyone get NuBits or NuShares, but if it continues to hold steady, you should take a look at it and understand it.
@_date: 2015-01-15 23:38:06
I think I spotted your misunderstanding. 
NuBits and BitUSD are not someone standing there offering a token or in your gold analogy 'a piece of paper representing gold', but rather a fairly sophisticated system of adjusting the crypto-currencies' value by with 'quantitative easing' or voluntary lockup of the asset.
If the 'peg' was simply a token exchange for a given value of fiat as you seem to believe, then you would be right by repeatedly saying 'counterparty risk' and 'bearer asset'.  
It is nothing of the sort, and I'd recommend that you understand them first.
Also, it is totally possible for a centrally issued fiat currency to be pegged to another fiat currency.  China has been doing it for years.  There are always consequences, and the Swiss wisely saw the coming consequences with the upcoming QE for the Euro and chose to unpeg, but keep their negative interest rates in place to prevent a flood of Euros from being parked in their banks.
@_date: 2015-01-15 22:39:16
In NuBits - during a value drop:
In the case of NuBits, it is likely that the few remaining holders would get an extremely high interest rates - lots more NuBits, which may not have any value after their lockup expires.
In NuBits - during a value increase:
This isn't as much of a problem because more NuBits will be created by the custodians (hopefully honest ones were voted in), and the NuBits will be converted to Peershares and distributed to NuShares holders.   
Nobody can guarantee the value, but with some research you can see out who is going to "hold the bag" in the event of a failure.  Those same people actively accept the risk/reward proposed to them in the form of interest rates.  This seems like a very fair system.  As the value of NuBit falls you can elect to sell, or accept an interest rate to lockup your NuBits - your choice.
@_date: 2015-01-16 01:18:57
I had not read bytemaster's views.
Thank you for the link.  
I've now read this one, his original Ponzi titled version, and his own description of BitUSD as well as the whitepaper and FAQ from NuBits.
I am also impressed with how BitUSD is structured.   
There is more human intervention required for NuBits which can be worrying.  The custodians certainly play a role in NuBits and that seems like it could be a weakness if the voters are uninformed.   It wouldn't be the first time that uninformed voters did serious damage to a beautifully designed system.
Many of the NuBit mechanisms are more automated than bytemaster implies in his analysis. 
I look forward to keeping an eye on both and how they weather the ups and downs of the external crypto environment.
@_date: 2016-03-04 19:27:22
Classic is just adding two more seats to a compact car because there's a line piling up.  No need to drive faster.
There's nothing wrong with mass transit, better roads, and larger capacity cars.  They peacefully work side by side.
@_date: 2015-11-17 13:48:59
I did the math. To prevent a speculative currency attack they need to hold in reserve just 22 million BTC. The IMF should start acquiring now while the price is low, and stop as soon as they've reached their target 22 million BTC. ;)
@_date: 2016-05-23 07:44:54
Thank you Judd for clearing that up. 
@_date: 2015-10-06 16:42:45
We did this at the Money 20/20 Hackathon
It uses Node Webkit so it is cross-platform.
You can activate features of a program.  It uses chain.com to determine the amount of bitcoin needed for each feature.
The project includes two parts.  A sample (demo) program with features to activate, and the part that pops up a bitcoin QR code for payment, and watches for payment using chain.com API.
In short, it allows payment for activating program features on a freeware/shareware type program.  But the program author does not need to run their own server, and they get paid in Bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-12-06 06:54:38
I am in a very similar situation.  The amount missing is 3.0 BTC (-1.0 BTC and another -2.0 BTC) on Nov. 20.   It appears to be erroneously linked to an Oct 2nd failed transaction that was already debited on Oct 4th.  
I also had a transaction that had insufficient funds.  Before you berate me for this mistake, it was a savings vs. checking account issue.
On Nov 20, there are two entries that remove 1.0 BTC and 2.0 BTC for a total of 3.0 BTC.   The original transaction was on Oct 2nd and the removal of the BTC happened on Oct 4th, and then again on a strange entry on Nov 20th.
The strange account debits (on Nov 20th) of -1.0 BTC and another for -2.0 BTC, when clicked for details, show a +1 BTC deposit and a +2 deposit in the detail.  Yes, it is strange, and does not make sense to me either.
I have contacted support and I received the same "Thank you for submitting your request. We have received your request and are working on responding to you as soon as possible. If you have any additional information to add to this case, please reply to this email." message.  
I've received this message twice, and tried to add some additional information each time, although the key details were in my first support request.
My balance did not go negative because I had other BTC in the account.
If there are CoinBase folks listening, it is Case 
Once this is solved, I will come back here and make the appropriate update.
In a strange way, I am somewhat relieved that I am not the only one with this problem, but I would like it solved.
And, thank you to everyone else here that added their support for the OP.
@_date: 2013-12-06 07:08:26
I promised I would return and update if/when this was solved.  It was solved.  
Thank you Olaf at CoinBase.
