@_author: troutontherun
@_date: 2019-11-08 02:00:34
Nope the boomers didn’t. Nor did the millennials.  It appears that bitcoin was invented by gen Xers.  Do a little research and you will see that the men who invented it are all in their upper 40s and 50s.  Not to mention since it was proposed in 2008, I don’t think any 8 year olds were creating any crypto currency.  Where is this greatness gonna come from?  I mean my generation invented the iphone, was the first gen to use the personal computer, and was around when the internet was introduced.  There are three more important inventions than bitcoin and nobody is claiming that gen x is the greatest.  Not to mention, Boomers are not known as the “greatest gen”. That’s their parents. The ones who fault wwii and saved the world from tyranny.  Good luck beating that with crypto currency!
@_date: 2019-11-07 01:52:48
Ok, so this leads to a question that has bothered me. What gauge do almost 100% of crypto owners use to determine the value of their coin?  I own a crap load of crypto but purely as an investment hedge against my stocks.  Like most people I never use it as currency since most places still don’t accept it. If they do accepted it they take at its value to the usd.  So if we are still just looking at it based on it’s value to the dollar and most people are buying it and just holding it for an investment....?  I must be missing the part where the dollar is finished and bit has taken over.  By the way I’m a Gen Xer so don’t insult me with either a boomer or millennial tag. I see no value in either of those two groups.  Just trying to figure out what y’all think is gonna happen that will someday make crypto become a legitimate currency free of the usd. Cuz it seems to have a long way to go
@_date: 2019-11-07 12:58:36
That’s my point in the end. Gold is not really a currency.  I agree bitcoin is an investment, but like you say it has a long way to go to become any kind of value as a currency.  Time will tell if that happens.  Meanwhile, I just don’t think I’m ready to give up that evil usd yet.
@_date: 2019-11-07 02:48:58
That sounds like what those boomers said in the 60’s about their parents.  They were gonna fight the rigged system.  Communes, free love, no 9-5 jobs, live off the land and be free. They weren’t gonna own houses, work jobs, buy expensive cars, dress like their parents, listen to their music, bring world peace and end racism.  Now you are accusing them of being the riggers off the system. Kinda funny to watch from the outside. Eventually, kids come and all the kool-aid drinking has to end. Take a good look.  It’s coming my young world changer. It always does.
@_date: 2019-11-07 13:04:23
Nothing new there. We were told in high school in the 80s the social security wouldn’t be there for our retirement.  Which is why I can’t figure out why the younger gen is so pumped about Medicare for all and all that other junk.  We don’t have the money to fix the social security problem we already have.  There isn’t enough money in all the billionaires in our country if we taxed them 100% to get us back out of debt.
@_date: 2019-11-07 02:10:19
I understand your argument.  I know that all forms of currency can be manipulated.  I know that the usd only has value because the citizens have faith that is is worth what what we think it’s worth. Since it was taken off the gold standard it has no “real” value much like crypto.  
Your argument is you trust the concept and people behind crypto more than the governments printing paper currency.  If that’s the case then I would argue I have faith concerns with both.  Which ultimately would lead me to gold which has always maintained value with or without governments. I say that but i don’t own any.  Lol.
@_date: 2019-11-08 02:42:10
So that’s the part you zoned in on?  Ok cool.  I’ll let you have that victory.  Of course the us mint still presses gold currency.  But we will put that aside.  My point to all of this still stands. Gold has been a currency and THE currency that has had the greatest effect on history.  Not sure why I’m debating this minor detail.  Since it is an aside to the bigger point that bitcoin has yet to be a true currency and I was proposing the question originally “what needs to happen for it to become one”. But clearly I offended the sheep.
@_date: 2019-11-08 01:19:37
First off, not a boomer as i previous stated. That would be my parents.  Second, I thought I was pretty clear.  I actually WANT it to be exchangeable. Thus making it an actual useable currency.  You know, like actual money.  Not to confuse you but currency has to both have value AND be easily accepted as an intermediary to buy stuff. 
Remember all those guys that became bitcoin millionaires and were all over tv a couple years ago showing off their Lambos?  The part that concerned me was they didn’t buy those lambos and houses with bitcoin. They talked about how it was an amazing currency then admitted that they had to cash it out or use it as collateral to buy the cars and houses with usd.  I was simply asking what needs to happen for bitcoin to actually be a currency and not just a cute investment that resembles more of the post wwi stock market.  Because If that wild Wild West of investment is all you want, quit calling it a currency.  Just admit it’s just an unregulated investment. Still confused my young grasshopper?
@_date: 2019-11-07 01:38:05
As a gen Xer I’m fascinated by this boomer/millennial squabble.  They always say every other generation is like each other.  I know generation x loves our grandparents generation (the greatest gen). We’ve  never respected the boomers.  Clearly, it was partially our fault that the millennials are like they are. Seems like a fight between two outspoken, self-involved gens that either thought or think they are the answer to the world’s problems.  This too shall pass and the next generation will come along and we will be talking about how they are lazy and don’t know anything. The millennials will get old and fall in line like all of the previous generations have.  This is just the way it has and always will work.   Just my two cents from a generation that was accused of being lazy and not focused when we were the millennials age.
@_date: 2019-11-07 02:49:38
That sounds like what those boomers said in the 60’s about their parents.  They were gonna fight the rigged system.  Communes, free love, no 9-5 jobs, live off the land and be free. They weren’t gonna own houses, work jobs, buy expensive cars, dress like their parents, listen to their music, bring world peace and end racism.  Now you are accusing them of being the riggers off the system. Kinda funny to watch from the outside. Eventually, kids come and all the kool-aid drinking has to end. Take a good look.  It’s coming my young world changer. It always does.
@_date: 2019-11-08 01:25:48
Well there aren’t many of them left. Not sure how they have pissed you off.  Was it when they defeated the nazis?  Or surviving the Great Depression?  Or creating the strongest most powerful economy in the world?  Or was there another reason you hate 90 year olds?
@_date: 2019-11-08 01:24:08
You’ve made my point though.  Stock is not and never has been considered currency.  Gold actually is still considered a currency in every country around the world. Tho never used because Of simplicity. Don’t believe me? Go to a bank and deposit some gold.  They will take it. Trust me. 
So ultimately what I’m hearing is that bitcoin is an unregulated investment.  Which is fine. That’s why I and 99% of people own it.
@_date: 2019-11-08 02:59:35
That’s fair. I may have gotten lost in all the different arguments going on. I don’t think we are that far apart in reality aside from the impending hyperinflation.  But heck it’s happened before.  Just not since the Fed has been pulling the strings. But who knows
@_date: 2019-10-26 02:21:17
I won’t be unhappy if you’re right.  But I’m guessing we fall back down for no reason at a drop of a hat.  Reminds me of the stock market prior to regulations in the twenties.  Fun to watch tho.
@_date: 2019-10-25 16:12:23
Call me when it gets to $20k.  I’m tired of dropping then rising at the same mediocre levels  reminds me of getting my Jeep out of a mud hole only to fall into another. I’m not gonna get excited til it’s on pavement
@_date: 2019-10-25 22:59:13
Since it was as high as 16k.  It’s hard to consider half of that as not mediocre.
@_date: 2019-12-17 22:40:02
I think I’m done buying the dip. That works with stock which is what 95% of people buying bit  treat it as.  That said, over the past four years I’ve made bank off my stock.  In that same time period of throwing money at bit every time it dips, I have lost 25%.  I think I’ll just hodl for ten years and pray there is still some value left. I have concerns that it may never actually become a currency.  If it is only treated as gambling or an investment it will never cross over to real use as a currency.  It seems to me that if it went through the roof in value it would even be less likely anyone would use it for daily use.  I’m not drinking the kool aid on a new world order but I do hope it turns out it finds a place among other investment options in decades to come.  And now I will get all the down votes and ripping a from those that claim they have been in since before it was invented and I just don’t get it.  Cash is dead. The future is now and all that jazz.  Time will tell but I’m gonna stopping throwing good spendable cash at it for now and hope what I’ve already spent pays off in the LONG LONG run.
@_date: 2019-12-14 19:02:05
Wow, look at what having a job all of your life will do for you. Weird.