@_author: troysmithfreak
@_date: 2017-12-07 16:04:16
It's intrinsic design does not work as a means of transaction- deflationary currencies do not work as a means of transaction. In addition the core dev team can't agree on scaling solutions and the most popular US service (coinbase), has refused to adopt segwit
@_date: 2017-12-22 02:30:59
See: tether 
You're a loyal follower of a pump and dump ponzi scheme 
@_date: 2017-12-07 15:30:03
Bitcoin has no future as a currency. It has ZERO function as a means of transaction. It is valuable as a store of value currently- however this function makes it much more volatile and speculative than its counterparts with larger blocks, faster blocks, and low flat fees. The current number of unconfirmed transactions on the bitcoin network is approaching 200,000, letting only the highest fee transactions through. In addition , BTC's value has nearly double this month and has risen by a factor of 20 the past year- Why would you ever pay for something with a "currency" that has appreciated in value so much? We are in a speculative bubble, driven by new money entering the crypto market and BTC's unsustainable fee structure. Ride the wave while you can, but do not be mislead by the morons predicting btc to compete with usd. This simply will not happen, be it through regulation or military intervention, national governments would have intervened well before then. As much as I love and believe in blockchain technology long term- this placed has come to define the term "irrational exuberance"
@_date: 2017-11-26 17:03:07
I'm putting us somewhere between the "delirious" and "new paradigm! /s" phase of this bubble. Can't wait to watch it pop
@_date: 2017-11-29 16:07:29
Wait for a major price correction (&gt;20%) within the next 3 months and buy then. If you are actually interested in long-term investing, though, I wouldn't hang out here too long- this place has turned into a rabid cesspool of bad investment advice. I'd recommend reading:
"The intelligent investor" by Benjamin graham 
"The little book of common sense investing" by Jack bogle
"Irrational exuberance" by Robert Schiller
"A random walk down Wall Street" by Burton malkiel
"Warren buffet and the interpretation of financial statements" by warren buffet
"Security analysis" by warren buffet 
I'd also consider reading through the wiki materials over on r/personalfinance. Trust me when I say that understanding those principles will be MUCH more profitable long term than hopping into a relatively new speculative instrument that has risen ~1300% in the last year. I believe in blockchain technology, and specifically bitcoin, to have a very real impact on financial institutions long term- but instruments that act primarily as a store of wealth should not be rising ~1300% in a year. IMO the real value of BTC is around 2.5-5k currently, and we are undoubtedly riding a wave new money entering the crypto marketplace. 
Just remember, you are young and have decades to let your money grow
@_date: 2017-11-29 16:11:47
Why would you pay for something with a currency that has increased ~1300% this year?
@_date: 2017-11-29 16:19:15
Yes. You are rushing in with the masses, cash in hand, asking for the riches everyone else is getting. This is not investing- this is gambling. If you disagree and think that btc has a real value above it's current price then by all means go ahead (just use gdax rather than coinbase to reduce fees). All I'm saying is, you should not be basing your investment decisions around what strangers on the internet are telling you- and you certainly shouldn't be investing due to FOMO. Until you understand how these instruments work, and how to build a sustainable portfolio for long term growth- you might as well be sitting at the roulette wheel getting egged on which number to bet