@_author: trumanzt
@_date: 2017-05-28 13:39:54
It is probably worth considering that there are many people like u/AnonymousRev (like Roger, Cornell Prof. Goon, Olivier and the rest of the rbtc crowd) who will *never* go along with BIP148. The best realistic outcome is a chain split. As others have mentioned, game theoretically the SegWit-blocking chain will be vulnerable to the BIP148 chain overtaking it. The rational thing for the SegWit-deniers to do if that threat looks real is to hard fork, finally getting their big blocks.
It is probably worth considering what our side (SegWit supporters) should do if miners do not keep the BIP148 chain going. One option is to take a snapshot of the last BIP148 block and hard fork/spinoff (firing the miners) with that snapshot as the beginning. If we're willing to do this, it makes it clear to the miners that there is no point in "attacking" the BIP148 chain.
And, frankly, in that case, it's worth considering burning some coins in the process. Specifically, the coins recently mined by SegWit-blockers should obviously be forfeit. There is also that website where people used their coins to vote for bigger blocks and against SegWit. Given how hard and dirty those people have fought the Core devs for the past two years, I wouldn't have any problem burning their coins in the process too. A spinoff where Roger Ver has 0 coins sounds about right to me. There's no reason why he (or the others) should have any more bitcoins than Stolfi.
@_date: 2017-05-27 16:59:37
Doubtful, but it would be the best turn of events.
@_date: 2017-05-28 13:51:54
You think it's Jihan? I would guess Roger or Olivier, but who knows.
I also wonder who has the most sock puppets posting attacks and conspiracy theories about Core devs all day. It's obviously someone with a lot of free time. The kind of free time a tenured professor might have, for example. In fact, an active tenured professor with students could even outsource some of the sock puppeting to his grad students to act as his Goons.
@_date: 2017-05-28 13:48:20
Well, I don't think people are using "Jihad" as a bad sounding name because they're racist. They're probably using it because a long time ago people calling themselves "jihadists" used to go around murdering people.
And by a long time ago, I mean last week.
Don't get me wrong. People shouldn't be racist or xenophobic. Racism and xenophobia are stupid. Pretending "jihad" is something positive is also stupid. So my advice to people is they should stop being stupid. Learn about other ideologies, both the good and the bad. Don't close your eyes.