@_author: trumpfan47
@_date: 2017-08-29 22:48:27
Don't apologize for the long response, it was very well thought out and I enjoyed reading it very much. I agree completely regarding money and possessions not making people happy. Many millionaires and billionaires are miserable. All I wanted to say is true capatalism is a peaceful system. What people do with it and if they fall into the trap of consumerism is what could lead to problems. I just wish capitalism didn't get the bad rap since it's the only system that doesn't involve force.  Thanks for the good conversation :-)
@_date: 2017-08-29 04:08:52
Yea capatalism is the best system in the world while democracy is 51% of the people telling the other 49% what to do by using govt force. Seems like most people don't even know what Bitcoin was invented for... Perfect example of the power of capitalism. 
@_date: 2017-08-29 15:22:09
The government keeping the market free is completely missing the point. THE MARKET ITSELF regulates. If a business is bad, they go under. If they are using fraud or threat of force, or have a product that kills people, govt can step in to enforce the law. All a company can do (in a true free market) is ask you to buy their product or use their service. It isn't until government steps in and forces people to use their product/service... this isn't Capitalism it's actual Fascism (Merging of corporate and government). 
@_date: 2017-08-29 22:31:45
In a free market we would have choice of dozens of ISPs. If you or I wanted to set up an ISP, we would need permission. I would rather have a dangergerous free market than a dangergerous and all powerful government.
@_date: 2017-08-29 15:11:07
Capitalism is the voluntary exchange of goods and services between two parties without government interference. (Yes I understand we do not have pure Capitalism in the US anymore.) 
Don't twist the definition of an economic system as you see fit because people are more successful than you.
We each have our own values, and determine our economic path in life. 
Capitalism lifts people out of poverty, allows them to buy technology for cheap, and live a longer life in general.
Do your research before you shit on a system that has put food in your mouth and clothes on your back at an affordable price (not to mention that cool technology you are using to post on the internet.)
Oh and every other economic system is based on violence, corrosion and theft by government. 