@_author: trump_wall_2016
@_date: 2018-01-01 11:37:37
Bitstamp has always been a pleasure to do business with. If you are trying to move a large sum of crypto into fiat, I would start with them. 
@_date: 2018-01-01 11:15:45
that is 100% not true at all 15million will get eaten pretty easily
@_date: 2018-01-01 18:41:32
If you are making a deal with another party then an escrow service would be ideal for the exchange. I would presume that the buyer intends to pay for the property with bitcoin in full so I wouldn't complicate that.  Make the exchange, hire an attorney or use an escrow service.  Then once you have the bitcoin you can move towards an exchange and depending on how much you are moving can also arrange to sell the coins to the exchange directly rather than trading it on market, as moving large sums of BTC to usd can and quickly does changes its price.   Also Ideally you would want to make as few trades as possible on your coins as capital gains is a bitch so I would also hire a financial and tax advisor who can better assist in helping map out what the best course of action would be, and help you get down to the hard numbers of fiat you actually will need, which will help you decide on how you want to sell the coin.  A situation like yours could be very varied in the means to achieving  your goal. Depending on how much Fiat capital you need now, whether you would instead take out a mortgage or a loan, is this as a private entity or are you incorporated etc.  If you do decide or find you need to turn a large sum of BTC into USD, I would get in contact with at least several exchanges and see what their offerings are for corporate level accounts and large trades.  
@_date: 2018-01-01 11:31:39
yeah if you are unverified of course, or low verified. Banks are so riddled with regulation, that they are a practical extension of the state.  They cant just go and send 100's of thousands to millions of dollars around. They are liable for the taxation and legality of the the trades they facilitate, and banks don't do business unless they know who they are in business with. So either cough up an identity if you wanna cash out big, ooooooOOOoor cash out what you need and diversify your crypto, pull out enough to set up a few nest eggs, get yourself invested in other markets. Low/High Long/Short and keep your head down, so you can pass your wealth on to your family without having it get stolen from you by the government. Generational Wealth.
@_date: 2018-01-01 13:25:32
early days of mining and buying or more realistically, he could just swap it for other more discrete coins before cashing out no need to keep it all in singular addresses