@_author: trunks9000
@_date: 2017-10-03 20:48:38
Hehe I only now notice that flaw in thinking! Thanks for pointing that out. So if people would save/hoard then transaction volume will fall. But I believe this would just show in a changed velocity, people not buying as much.
But interesting indeed. I guess it would always lead to a new equilibrium or is it really self destructive? Short term T will go up 2% resulting in a price decline of 2%. This leads in the mid term to a mental change of the people which actually effects the velocity, it goes down 2% for example, which makes T goes down 2% again. If step 1 equals step 2 this would actually lead to a balanced system. Do you see a flaw in that thinking?
@_date: 2017-10-03 21:27:22
Upvotes so that this post gets more views would be very much appreciated!
@_date: 2017-10-04 09:25:27
Shouldn't we assume producitivity goes up. If a currency avoids productivity to go up, it shouldn't be used as a currency right, it would halt the economy and with it innovation etc. But normally producitivity rises with innovation, experience and all that stuff. 
Could you eleborate on bitcoin as a unit like account being like  keeping money in an index fund?
As for the uncertainty argument. So you'd say that in a monetary system based on BTC the uncertainty is much lower, right? But how can contracts be renegotiated then to take into account tens of years of deflation or infinite years if it provides such a could value transacting system. 


Love it :). BUT the question is would it really be stable  and wouldn't there be a danger of there being uncertainty that many people will start saving in btc, not stimulating the economy, which would decrease the value of it. Or maybe even the uncertainty of the people being incentiviced to create another fiat currency because they would rather spend that than bitcoin/deflationary currency. I also don't know whether the central banks and current monetary policy could be called unstable since almost nobody is complaining about the uncertainty now.
@_date: 2017-10-04 08:32:35
Haha that's on my to do list ;). But I fear it won't answer or talk about why or why not a deflationary currency would ever work?
@_date: 2017-10-03 20:29:40
Thanks for the reply! I actually think bitcoin can be used to save in and act purely as a store of value like gold is also doing at the moment. But for that to work bitcoin would need to be legal tender, so people have to accept it as a means of payment. If it ever gets this far, it would be more than just speculation. Still though, is it that strange to think it could replace a currency when there is a loss of faith in that currency? What if people start getting irritated about their stored value getting inflated away? This is the thesis at least.
@_date: 2017-10-03 22:40:21


Good point, it's indeed still losing value, losing growth.


I agree with that. But if we all use only BTC and we will for ever let's say (just a hypothesis) and we know for a fact each year deflation will be 2%. The value of 1 BTC can't be expressed in dollars now since that's a dead currency worth nothing, but let's say 1 BTC = 1 large mansion. We know though that withing 50 years it could buy 1.02^50 = almost 3 mansions. Wouldn't this stop transactions? Or would the price as you stated jump immediately and you suddenly buy 3 mansions that 1 BTC? The problem then again is, people can think like that forever and ever. So maybe there's an equilibrium somewhere taking into account x years of deflation, with x being a constant, probably depending on things like life expectance. Maybe I'm overthinking.
@_date: 2017-10-03 20:39:11
Interesting comment! 
I think an argument the keynesians economist could use is that inflation isn't stealing your money as the economy grows with the same amount, because you make for example 2% more a year because of that growth and the 2% inflation would cancel it out. Thoughs on that?
So the main take away you suggest is that it's all about uncertainty. If a fixed supply currency would take over the uncertainty about the deflation is low enough to not form a problem? Because people know about it? 
Your last example, I'm just not sure on how long of a timescale this would work. Let's say it's 2% more the next year on average so then the next day bitcoin goes up in value 2% but then you can also assume that in 100 years it will be worth 2%^100 and so to what timeframe should the market then react? 
@_date: 2017-10-03 20:25:51
Thanks for your reply! Bitcoin is actually really deflationary and not just npn-inflationary. Indeed the supply is constant which could lead to just stable prices BUT the economy grows each year. This means that for example in year 1 there are 1M cars fabricated and in the following year 2M cars (overexagurated). If that depicts your whole economy then prices will go in half. Because 1M cars = 21M BTC -&gt; now 2M cars = 21M BTC. The economy grows on average with a few % each year. So the deflation would be as steady as the growth of the economy. 
Your last argument makes sense to me indeed, they both have positives and negatives probably. So you would state a fixed money supply could work? If each year the prices of goods go down 2%, would the economy crash? Will people try to safe now and repay loans quickly? In deflation that's what causes the spiral of death, people repaying loans now because currency will rise in value. This leads to less money in circulation -&gt; less economic activity. When I think about it from the bitcoin perspective with limited supply this actually wouldn't cause that much problems because the supply doesn't shrink when people pay of loans. I guess people would just make less loans which actually does hurt the economy a bit.