@_author: trustmeblockchn
@_date: 2018-09-30 18:46:28
We are working (with regulators) on public, regulated, property exchanges that allow BTC holders to convert their holdings to property via public regulated exchanges. Once generated (on the blockchain) the property certificates generated are non-nominative, recognised in law by the exchanges, deed offices and land registries where the currently planned 20x exchanges operate. Key here is that the certificates are 100% asset backed, redeemable on-demand, small unit size (GBP £250) tradable instruments. They are designed to be able to be used as monetary exchange - and they are immune to the M1 and M2 supply policies of the fiat economies... Given the supply of global property is over USD $224trillion and the amount of liquid fiat at any point in the global system is approx $120trillion... we think we have something of global importance here.... as a good reason to be VERY happy given the subject matter of this stream! Not spinning for profile here. Just commenting for the stream.
@_date: 2017-09-27 09:48:41
One of the goals of TrustMe (and hence the name) is to restore trust in third party digital relationships in the post hacker/ransomeware world. Our biggest spend and core concern within the patform is protecting identity and enabling transactions that can use the blockchain to mirror existing workflow practices to create high volume 'trusted' transactions without all the intermediaries, costs and time delays. The 20x property exchanges we are in the process of launching are just the start. We are active in other sectors too. As per our full name 'Universal TrustMe Engine Limited' it is the 'engine' that is our USP...  
@_date: 2017-09-27 10:11:09
Thanks for the comment. You are correct. Part of our ultimate design is to create a new 'gilt edge' store of value (stress 'value' here not 'money' - they are very different) and to make bitcoins a little more stable by attaching property as an asset backing of their value. For Cryptos/Bitcoiners this is a potential means to move into other assets to secure the gains they have made in their trades or holdings. Crypto/bitcoin will continue to evolve and expand and we do not pretend to predict exactly where it will go but we are still very happy however to see bitcoin outside of government and monetary control (to maintain its value) and to generally support its free flowing nature. Exciting times. In Bitcoin We Trust.    
@_date: 2017-09-27 10:36:24
Thanks for the comments above. The initial phase of the TrustMe Property Exchanges is to democratise property ownership as an investment class. Products to be released soon will allow anyone with the free application (subject to local currency rules and identity checks) to purchase a small slice of 'a' property of their choosing on any of the 20x planned global property exchanges. Property as an investment class (and its benefits) is then within the reach of the many instead of the few and in design this can be done from anywhere in the world on any of the exchanges. As the exchanges are denominated in bitcoin (with a local fiat exchange rate set each AM on each exchange) sellers can choose to be paid/settled in local fiat or they can choose to keep accounts in bitcoin (if they can stand the volatility!). Larger accounts trade through established regulated brokers on each of the exchanges. The value for the 49% holders is that they now have a tradeable bearable property certificate that can store real 'value' and that then (historically) appreciates over time - without (we think) about only 5-10% of any of the costs, delays and intermediaries previously associated with property tranactions. In performance these certificates are designed to outperform any interest rates that a traditional bank may offer and are in a 'non-fiat' currency that is beyond the monetary and fiscal control of governments - ie we believe that the property certificates we produce in this process will become a far better store of appreciating liquid value that any gold certificate or other financial instrument at this risk profile level. This is a genuinely new asset class that only the creation of the blockchain has enabled. Exciting times. Have fund out there!   