@_author: truthcoinpms
@_date: 2014-03-31 17:46:57
Yeah I'm very familiar with your thread. I've been learning a LOT from when Peter Todd answers other people's questions.
...as well as Luke Jr and DeathAndTaxes.
@_date: 2014-03-31 18:48:22
Firstly, the market has (in my opinion) perfectly resolved the underlying uncertainty by calling the coin at 50-50. This does resolve the debate for people who are 'certain' that the result will be 'heads' or 'tails', as these individuals can be made to "put up or shut up". This is what I mean by 'end the debate'. One can just say "if you believe that, I can make you very rich" and if the prices don't change after this challenge, neither should anyone's opinion. (Poor/risk-averse individuals can team up with an investor/bank).
Now let me consider your example carefully:


I agree with this.


I don't think I can agree with this. Someone will trade the price all to the correct value as soon as that information becomes available (I'm sure you agree). So, who is 'wrong'?
@_date: 2014-04-10 00:06:41
I designed my [Decentralized Prediction Markets]( *exactly* with this in mind, because I knew that some crypto-genius somewhere would figure out how to do it.
I'm not even going to say that I'm happy, because I really did know with almost complete certainty that someone would invent this critical puzzle piece someday. I guess I'm happy that they figured it out this soon.
@_date: 2014-04-01 00:09:49
There is something called the Logarithmic Market Scoring Rule which creates a market whose price is between 0 and 1, which can sell mutually-exclusive states for 1 at any time, and with which one can always trade. If the price differs from what you think it should be, you can always trade with this automated market-maker, even if you are the only one in the market. Check out the LogMSR.xls file I put in the folder for this reason.


Yes (or another cryptocurrency).


No margin is required. You'd deposit money to make it available for trades, then you could spend the whole 1 BTC on any side of any existing option. You would receive a certain number of shares, which would sell for 1 if you are correct. This return would likely vastly exceed that of the underlying, so you would purposefully de-lever this portfolio by combining it with an amount of cash, to replicate the actual % return of something like the price of Gold (for example).
@_date: 2014-04-01 14:46:36
Yet again you are responding to a comment that contains a counterargument to your very reply to it.
In the post *to which you replied*, I said that people were constrained by tribal affiliations **because** they lacked a credible way to hold a certain belief and affiliate at the same time. They are persuaded by affiliations because there is no PM. If a religion claims the earth is flat, and you disagree, it may appear disloyal. Once Google Earth is invented, such a disagreement may instead appear "reasonable".
Either way, a debate does not continue just because some people hold a certain belief. Some could believe the Earth is flat, but there's no debate among any decision makers in flight, shipping, NASA, cartography.
Anyways, thanks for your comments and interest.
@_date: 2014-03-31 20:00:37
No and no, although I did dedicate the paper to him on page 1.
Was going to email him eventually.
@_date: 2014-03-31 17:33:21


That's absolutely true, but as I explain in the applications paper one could construct [a measurable example](
Moreover, if no measurable example can be found, this itself can help people realize that they actually aren't arguing about anything.
I maintain that all of those things I listed are in fact measurable!
@_date: 2014-03-31 23:59:43


You have data on Florida sea level rise for 2020?


My opinion is that this is not the reason for the 'delusion'. Many people feel (wrongly) that the evidence is balanced on both sides, others (reasonably) believe that solar activity (or something else) may be a more relevant factor than CO2 (as the CO2 appears after warming periods), but, most of all, most people lack a salient coordination point around which to rally. I think that these people would like to believe things which are true, and also be loyal to their allies (party, religion, whatever) at the same time. If it is too hard to convince allies that you are "only doing this because it is true", it will appear disloyal.
Coincidentally, I've done surveys on climate change opinions which seem to indicate that most people (on both sides) are uninformed and proud of it. They actually don't care about what's true, and don't care to learn (and why should they? To their lives it matters little.). The hardcore climate-deniers had a few affiliations, but the strongest was that they *disliked* Democrats (even if they themselves were Democrat or Independent, or disliked Republicans).
I do think that PMs would make emotional manipulation of the facts nearly-impossible, but I don't expect everyone to agree (at first).
@_date: 2014-03-31 17:38:06
Would you say that stock markets don't solve any problems, because they allow people to vote with their money on which business ventures they believe or disbelieve in?
What about insurance (which is a bet that your house/car/earnings will decrease in value)?
Market prices teach individuals what to produce, how to produce it, and how to allocate what is produced. They aren't nonsense.
@_date: 2014-03-31 20:08:20
It seems we actually don't disagree at all.
It's very true that the question must be crystal clear (as I say in more detail in my [applications note]( [citing the NASA surface temperature collection]). I kept it short in the above summary (there is too much to say on all points), hoping that people would read further if they were interested.
Nonetheless, I think its a reasonable clarification to force global warming to be defined as some combination of "Will sea levels rise 2cm in the next 10 years?", "Will 5 of the next 10 years be among the warmest on record?", etc. I think you can force a concept like 'global warming' into those boxes in the same way we force 'the economy' into boxes such as 'unemployment', 'inflation', 'leverage cycle, 'energy use', and 'GDP'.
Do you still disagree that PMs can "End debates about the contentious issues of today" (provided these issues are supported with specific and measurable claims)? If you still disagree, I still don't understand why.
@_date: 2014-03-31 17:30:40


Yeah, I've been meaning to email them about that because not only is the LMSR much easier to implement than a full exchange of Buy/Sell limit orders, but it permanently guarantees liquidity even if volume is *zero*.
Its pretty cool and they could do it on Predictious.
@_date: 2014-03-31 17:40:34
I wrote a few things in the /docs folder, but in that folder there is also /FurtherReading which has papers by Robin Hanson and mainstream guys like K. Arrow/H. Varian.
@_date: 2014-03-31 20:30:42


They absolutely are. Each of those examples is entirely quantifiable. Future temperatures, future CO2 levels, future hurricanes, sea level rise, solar activity, etc. are easy to measure.


Only for already-measured numbers (ie the warming of 2013). PMs provide the same certainty for *future* values of these numbers, which is what is argued over.


That's not true. Look at the stock market: people can "debate" about how much a company is worth, but if the corporation's shares are trading for a certain price, no one cares about what is said (as they shouldn't). The *talk* would become the "boring ol talk that no one pays attention to".
As I already explained, if a set of markets have prices which indicate a high likelihood of global warming, anyone who makes a public statement to the contrary can be asked, by anyone "If you really believe that, why don't you trade on these markets and make a ton of money?". Someone can still *say* that they don't think the Earth is warming, but they can't *believe* it. They are lying and that lie will be immediately obvious to everyone. There is no debate because no one is listening.