@_author: trythai
@_date: 2018-10-10 18:46:24
Germany is wrong. 
You *should* pay taxes, if you buy/sell with noticeable profit. Captal gains tax applies, which is 25%. 
@_date: 2018-10-12 17:30:03


Well it is though. 


The point was that in a crisis it would though. Because people tend to do the same thing in a crisis. Not rocket science.


@_date: 2018-10-10 18:06:37
Well the reason is mostly that electricity is cheap and China does have infrastructure. 
Like, yea, maybe in X shithole country like Venezuela electricity is also cheaper, but people over there are also far less educated about Bitcoin, it's not even allowed over there, and involvement from Chinese in Bitcoin has always been there. 
What I'm saying. China has always been a part of Bitcoin and among the "developed" nations has also the cheapest electricity prices. IIRC it's about 3500-3800$ for them to mine a singular Bitcoin. Mining Bitcoin in Germany is well above 10.000$ for example. 
It's not even profitable in some of Europe. 
Essentially you'd ask people to mine without profit or willfully taking losses, if the rig is not located somewhere, where it's actually profitable. 
@_date: 2018-10-12 17:34:33
Didn't know what else to say to such an idiotic response. 




This is what he said. You try and figure out what he actually meant by that. 
___ 
Not to mention I dare you to check aswell. He does in fact have a very obnoxiou way to write. 
So maybe it was passive aggressive, but it's true at the same time. 
@_date: 2018-10-10 18:42:27
It's not an unpopular opinion because left or right, it's unpopular, because it's not more but plain fucking stupid is all my friend. 
@_date: 2018-10-15 07:57:08
He meant the people that shorted Bitcoin, that got fucked by the instant move upwards, not Bitmex themselves.
@_date: 2018-10-12 13:41:45


Dude, *nothing* is not correlated to the stock market. Why is it, similar to how Bitcoin and Shitcoins work, that when the US is red, 
*everything else is red too*? Is Germany, China and the US all fucking up at the same time? No. 
___ 
I think your problem is, that you entirely forget, that we have not yet had a recession of 08 calibre, so how can you know, when Bitcoin hasn't even been around to stand a single recession? 
A recession is panic, it's fear and it's blood. People are *scared*. They're not looking at alternative investments besides Gold and Fiat, they're looking to dump, get out, save their skin. Of course Bitcoin is going to be affected by that too and not in a positive Gold kind of way. 
However, news drives price. If the message is going through, that whilst everything is red, a coordinated pump happened in Bitcoin and everyone starts talking about it, then I think it could be possible actually. But that would require coordination and a pump-start with crucial timing. 
Without such actual manipulation, I doubt it. But let's just wait and see, as I think, we're both speculating here. I think the next recession is right around the corner, probably within the next 2 years, we will see how Bitcoin fares then. 
@_date: 2018-10-08 08:16:47
Truth is, it's on frontpage for a reason, it's because it was upvoted to heaven. 
Oddly enough, this thread is also upvoted to heaven. 
What you're asking for is a zerohedge, for Bitcoin, kind of, I'm guessing you'd want to know about technical articles too and obviously the recently "REQUIRED" update stuff. 
You're one person with one vote. Use your votes, that's how Reddit works. 
I'd also be thrilled to read more negative articles about Bitcoin, from people that have been in the space for longer.  There's plenty of people that converted to the "nocoiners" side of things, yet we never see that critical kind of stuff here, because it's anti-Bitcoin. 
That's really a Reddit-wide problem though. Fanboyism makes the sub. Just like rBTC may be free of moderation, but the fanboys are just doing all the voting by themselves, making it so that actual positive Bitcoin stuff never makes it to frontpage. 
Take Reddit for what it is. It has its downsides and what you're asking for is a sub with even more moderation than we have right now. At the end of the day, there's also only so much you can talk about Bitcoin, so naturally people are posting "adoption" when they see it, because that's kind of what Bitcoin is about, isn't it. 
My personal advice, subscribe to r/buttcoin aswell, to see the other side and their line of arguments aswell, because there's plenty legit stuff out there too. You shouldn't blindly accept Bitcoin, but question it, and understand the arguments against it too. 
Or try opening price-predictions, or articles related to price, that predict bear'ish signals for the future. You will absolutely get shat on by votes. Is that rational? No it isn't, but it's what Reddit is. *You're responsible for the news you're eating too* and you cannot expect the mods to be perfect at all times. 
@_date: 2018-10-12 13:32:47
Phew, again folks, I love Bitcoin as much as you do, but deceiving your own reality will never be my kind of thing. 
Amazon has recently, as pretty much the entire stock market, have very hard last two weeks. Are we in for more? I don't know. Possible. 
But you can't just pick random timeframes to fit your agenda. 
Jan 01, Amzn Value of 1200$~, it's now at 1700$~. 
Jan01, Bitcoin value of 17000$, it's at 6300$~ now. 
Bottom line, are you trying to suggest that Bitcoin is less volatile than stocks pal? What's wrong with you mate? 
@_date: 2018-10-11 19:33:59
Reminds of Roger Ver, where he said he was a millionaire *before* Bitcoin. Tbh, he's a kid and he got himself rich. If you tell the average person you got rich with Crypto and Bitcoin, chances are they don't think you won the lottery, but they think you're smart. Kid just rides along with that narrative. I don't like the kid, but he's ... just a kid in a way. 
Take Richart Heart's twitter. First word is "billionaire", followed after "Crypto thought leader". It's just people being people. 
Take Bezos too if you want to go outside Crypto who said "Money doesn't matter". Wouldn't read too much into it, it's just part of what many people fall guilty to. 
If you're suddenly rich as fuck, modesty and reality change for you. 
@_date: 2018-10-06 18:50:40


No, technical analysis has merit and it's not a few whales that are tingleing their dicks thinking up or down. 


You do not understand TA, if you assume TA tries to read minds or look into the future with perfect accuracy. 


Again, what do you expect? A mathmatically generated pin-point number that says 3858,51$? Just further proof how little you yourself understand about TA. 


Why would his position be relevant? 


Oh, I think you're thinking too highly of "new" Reddit posts in rBitcoin.  


Sounds baller, sounds like something I'm hoping to say myself soon to someone IRL, but ... what? Reputation and money? See his fucking Reddit account then. 
Money on the line? So you're willing to bet that it's not going to crash then? 


You're repeating yourself, so I will too. You do not understand TA and what it's about. It's not about pin-point accuracy, it's about finding trends, likelihoods, chances. 
My next target for Bitcoin is 5k$ and I'm relatively sure that we'll go there too. Is it impossible that we don't? No it's fucking not. Is it possible that we go even lower? Absolutely so. 
Stick to your HODL idiot shit. 
@_date: 2018-10-12 13:44:58


You don't have to and I doubt he cares to be fair. 
What I tried to say is, he's a kid, some maybe cut him some slack? Given we know even adults fall guilty to this shit, least he's a kid and can learn and change his attitude in the future. 
@_date: 2018-10-12 17:51:55


Which is what I said. Bitcoin hasn't seen a recession. My entire point was just that.


This would always be the case during a recession for everywhere. People lost their jobs in all parts of the world, lost their investments. 


They sell these assets out of fear too. Irrationality reigns and *everything* dumps in price. 
The original talking point was that Bitcoin during such kind of recession would be "unaffected", which I said I thought to be very wrong. That is all. Yes Bitcoin is not connected to the Stock Market in non-recession/chaos times. Nobody said it was. The talking point has always been that during absolute chaos however, it would be. 
So this is all getting a little confusing to me. 


It's just frustrating. You're writing text, you try real hard to explain your reasoning, and kids jump to the next best thing to turn shit against you. Like who cares about that double negative thing man. You got what I was trying to say. Pointing it out just adds a shitty tone to the conversation for no reason. 




Isn't this childish? Because what followed was exactly what I'm saying right now. 


Can't have proper discussions, when people permanently try and gutshot you with absolute meaningless bullshit, hence I called you child. 
@_date: 2018-10-16 22:24:26
He didn't argue that exchanges shouldn't exist, he said store your own Bitcoin, which you can still do, if you had it on your own wallet. Because when you have, you don't care about an Exchange getting fucked again. You still have your Bitcoin and you can, if required, cash out in a different exchange. 
@_date: 2018-10-11 13:28:58
Turns out I was wrong. 
@_date: 2018-10-12 18:48:02
He wrote a one-liner and that's all he's capable of. Just leave it at that. 
@_date: 2018-10-11 19:16:07
You're too fast for your own good. 


Gold did *somewhat* outperform general stocks from 2009 to 2012, but it really wasn't overly significant, given by 2012 many of the stocks had already recovered many of their losses too. Then the gold bubble bust and it's been stagnating ever since at 1200 per ounce. Value is probably artificially being kept low due to high manipulation, but that's as of it right now. 


Easy to sit in the rBitcoin bubble, but you cannot compare Gold to Bitcoin like that, just because some coders claim it works in a similar way. Bitcoin is *known* by the general public to be *volatile* and dangerous and to many too, a get-rich-quick kind of deal. Is that really an asset you're looking at, when everything is red? I doubt it. 
Gold has stood a proven test of time, if shit hit the fan, it was Gold that people came back to. That proven test of time gives reliability. Bitcoin has stood for 10 years. You cannot compare that at all. 


Would easily with full confidence bet against that. Truth is, we had a mini-recession already between 08 and now, with Greece. What happened with Bitcoin? It was during the time of its own crisis, kind of like right now and it pretty much went entirely unaffected. 
Plus the stuff I wrote above. 
To become an asset in a depression, said asset needs to be considered "safe-haven" and Bitcoin is far, far from that. In fact I'd strongly argue that if it all falls to shit, Bitcoin is also getting real cheap real fast. 
What I would then also argue is the coming years after that, comparison years of 2010 or 2011 is where you really want to start thinking about that Bitcoin thing again. It's probably very cheap, very forgotten and slowly going to creep back into the reality of the pleb eventually. 


That's what Bitcoin is all about. Highly speculative statement is it. Do you know they would do that? It's pretty much guessing. Personally believe in the Gold pump much more in a depression and you can always leverage trade Gold too, if you're seeking gains in times where everybody is miserable lol. 
Heads up, I love Bitcoin as much as you guys, but kick some reality back into your heads. Bitcoin has Gold-like features, but it doesn't have the same status. 
@_date: 2018-10-06 19:00:43
I like how you're suggesting to use LTC like some kind of lab rat. First  I thought it's funny, now I'm thinking that's a proper usecase for Litecoin. 
@_date: 2018-10-08 07:52:19


No, you just do not understand TA is all. That's all there is. Is it necessary to insult me two times in that short of a text though? What's with the angry tone? 


You is wicked smaht.  I be careful aye.
@_date: 2018-10-11 13:28:43
If you hold, and can *prove* you held for 12 months, then you have to pay nothing, ever. 
Obviously only applies to the amount you held for 12 months. 
@_date: 2018-10-11 19:21:38
Except that isn't at all what happened this year. You mean the bottom Bitcoin *held* this year was 6000 and it now hovers 6000 for the last 1-2 months'ish? 
If it goes from 6k to 12k, to 10k to 6k, to 8k to 6k, your average regular investor that knows his stocks is not going to consider this "not volatile". 
@_date: 2018-10-12 13:46:36
I checked your profile. I found you have a real obnoxious style of writing. Peace.
@_date: 2018-10-11 18:17:11
Read a pretty solid article recently where the bitfinex sub is actively censoring posts that scream about fiat withdrawal delays, mistakes and all that kind of stuff. 
Turns out it was removed from Medium though. Maybe someone has a copy of it. 
"Bitfinex is probably insolvent" along those lines. Again, would link you but it got removed from Medium. 
@_date: 2018-12-07 18:42:19
This shit being top-upvoted I can't help but wonder how many rational thinking people are in this sub? 
Or am I misunderstanding the picture and the smart guy is the beginner on the left, because he actually stops losing money, whereas the guy on the right smoked too many Marry Jane's for his own good, he's calm as a hindi cow when watching his money burn? 
This pathetic and idiotic HODL shit you guys are pushing is hilarious, sad, pathetic, I don't even know. It doesn't make me think highly of the regular user of this sub however. 
@_date: 2018-12-11 21:51:00
I don't even know if you're serious, or if you're sarcastically making fun of all the other stupid, idiotic posts that tell the same shit. 
@_date: 2018-12-07 18:39:09
You dollar-cost average in, as if that means you handling catching a falling knife responsibly. 
No, I'm not with you. 
Bitcoin is going down way lower than most here think, and I don't fancy losing yet another 70% of my money, which is what  would happen, if I were to buy now. 
