@_author: tsaishen
@_date: 2015-04-10 17:17:31
The problem with PoW, PoS and others isn't stated here and I find it funny that no one ever brings this up.  Maybe it's because it's so well known that no one ever mentions it.  I wonder if maybe it really is that no one gets it.
PoS, PoW all these validations are just ways to detect counterfeiting, but counterfeiting is only problem when someone says they will not take your counterfeit.  As long as everyone agrees, then everyone is happy, even with counterfeits.
Money is two things.  
 Store of value
 Medium of exchange.  
These are not the same thing and I do not understand why we keep trying to make them the same thing.
Even paper money cannot be both, nor gold or silver.
Since they are different things you should use different things to represent them.
With a store of value, you either need to create and store it yourself, or you need to have someone else create it and you store it, or someone else create it and someone else store it.
With a medium of exchange, someone needs to make the medium of exchange and you need to trust that the medium you get in exchange is real.
The longer you hold onto a medium of exchange, the bigger the risk that it will no longer be an agreeable medium to trade.
 
This all relies on trust, but trust is a human concept.  
It is a human concept that has no mathematical equivalent because no two things are truely identical.
Because of this, you cannot build a trust machine.
In other words trust is not something that can be automated.  The very best you can do is to create a mathematical abstraction that resembles trust and hope that abstraction holds true.
This paper does nothing except poke holes in one of those abstractions while claiming superiority of another one.
It is a well thought out hole poking, but it completely misses the point.
Bitcoin, Peercoin, all of these "coins" fail as a store of value.  At least in the long term.
Math itself has no value.  The "trust" mechanism for all of them fail, under various circumstances and it really only matters how long until it fails.
The same argument can easily be extended to paper money "How do you know this paper was really printed by the mint?"
It can also be extended to precious metals, "How do you know that this gold ingot isn't brass/lead?".
You can't, not without some sort of elaborate mechanism, but eventually you just need to fall back to trust.
Why?  Because you are very confused.  You have assumed that a store of value is the same thing as a medium of exchange.
You are trying to exchange a store of value, this is wrong.  Why?
Because a medium of exchange implies a contract.  A contract always involves trust, somewhere.  
All you are doing is changing who you trust.
Now what is a medium of exchange?
A medium of exchange is any item that both parties agree to exchange to facilitate a trade.
For instance if I agree to trade you 2 of my sheep for 1 of your cows.  I must trust that your cow is yours to trade, and you must trust that my sheep are mine to trade.  Furthermore we most both agree that your cow is indeed a cow, and that my sheep are indeed sheep.
We may also need to agree that my sheep are healthy and alive, as is your cow (unless we are trading mutton for veal).
This can get complicated, because I might know a lot about sheep, but nothing about cows, and you might know cows but nothing about sheep.
How about I give my sheep to a vet and he gives me 2 sheep coins.  You take your cow to the same vet and he gives you 1 cow coin.
Then we can meet somewhere and I will trade you 2 sheep coins for your 1 cow coin.
Your cow coin is not really a cow is it?  It is merely something I can use to go to the vet and have him give me a cow for.
My sheep coins are not really sheeps.  They are just something you can go to the vet and trade for 2 sheeps.
This is good, but we both have to trust the same vet now.  Even if we trust the same vet, how do I know your cow coin is a REAL cow coin?
Good for me, I've seen cow coins before, they are really fancy and hard to fake.  So I can trust that your cow coin will get me a real cow when I go to the vet.
You know what a sheep coin is because you have seen a sheep coin before.  Mine look good enough, so you trust that I give you 2 real sheep coins.
What are we really trusting?
We are actually trusting that when we go to the vet, that he will give you 2 sheep and me 1 cow in exchange for our coins.
I take your cow coin to the vet and he says "Yes that is a real cow coin, but the cow it represented died."
I trusted you, but you gave me a dead cow?  I didn't want a dead cow I wanted a live one!
You are bad man!
There is no mathematical abstraction for trust.  Trust is given.  I must know you to trust you.  A machine cannot really know another machine.
Your abstractions are leaking.
My store of value was my sheep, but I needed 1 cow.  
Since my sheep cannot make a cow, I had to trade them them.
At that point they were no longer a store of value for me.  Because I valued a cow more than my two sheep.
I traded them to the vet for 2 sheep coins, because not everyone knows a good sheep.
  
Your store of value was your cow.  But you wanted 2 sheep.
You cannot chop your cow up and get sheep out.  
You know that if you did this that you would find that there were no sheep inside your cow.
You traded your cow to the vet for a cow coin.   
You did this because you needed 2 sheep.  
We traded coins, you got my 2 sheep, but your cow died.  
But your cowcoin still lives!
How is that possible?
Because your cowcoin contains within it one cow?
No, that can not be right!
I get sword because if I cannot have 1 live cow, I will have 1 dead cowboy!
But vet steps up and says...
"Wait!  Do not chop cowboy to little bits!  Cow died AFTER I gave cow coin to cowboy!  Cow is made of meat.  I will trade meat to next Cowboy who come, and I will get you new cow.  Maybe I get you new cow with baby!  Then you have 1 big cow and 1 little cow!"
"So what you are saying Vet, is that if I trust you and come back in a few days, then you will give me at least 1 healthy cow and maybe even a new baby cow too?"
"Yes you can have new cow, because 1 cow is just about the same as any other cow."
"But how do I prove you will do this? What is you forget?"
"You already have proof.  Cow coin, is proof of cow!"
In a week I come back, Vet has new cow and cow had baby.  I can get both.
Cow coin was medium of exchange to me.  Cow was store of value, but I needed to wait for a future cow.
Instead of cow, I decide later that I want to get beer.
Can I trade cow coin for beer coin?
Possibly, but how about we get someone to make an everything coin?  Then we can trade anything for anything!
It needs to be someone we all trust.  The king is a really rich guy.  He has no reason to make a fake everything coin, because he already has everything.  Also if he does make a fake everything, we can all go get swords and chop king into bits.
So we give king the authority to make everything coin, because we have agreed to trust the king.  Now we just need to make sure we trust eachother to not give eachother false everything coins.
 
This is what I hear when I hear proof of work and proof of stake.
You are trying to trust someone you do not know.
With proof of work you trust math that your bitcowcoin is not fake and belongs to the person who gives it to you.
If that person is so powerful that they can suddenly own 51% percent of the hashing power, then really you are saying that 51 of the hundred vets in town agree that your BitCowcoin is a real BitCowcoin.  So I can trust that when the time comes to get my cow, at least 51 of those vets will be willing to give me a real live cow.  Who knows?  Maybe that cow will have baby cows?
With proof of stake you trust math that sheepcoin is not fake and belongs to the person who gives it to you.
If that person is so powerful that they can suddenly own so many of sheepcoins that many people are accepting their sheep coins, and at least one of those people have a real sheep.  Then it does not matter if his sheepcoins are fake sheepcoins and not real sheepcoins.  What matters is you can trade sheepcoins for real sheeps.
Confuseus say...
Store value only in things that are of value to you.
If you need to trade, use medium of exchange, but do not hold onto medium of exchange for long, because your cow might die.
