@_author: tstc
@_date: 2018-01-17 16:25:44
We'll find out if people should have ever bought in at $19k.
The value is determined by buyers, yes. As more buyers enter or existing buyers continue to buy, price will naturally climb.
This is one of the sharpest drop offs bitcoin has ever seen. What does that tell us? That a *lot* of people are in it for the fiat. If the price starts to fall, it triggers panic selling in those that have purely looked at this as a short-term investment. Long-term investors or those that want to buy in for philosophical reasons won't care. If the LT/core adopters outweigh the ST investors the price won't completely bottom out.
I seriously doubt this will be the last cycle bitcoin goes through BUT with each new cycle of rise and fall, there's the potential to turn away those short-term investors. If bitcoin begins to rise again we'll have to see how many people decide not to re-invest or to "tap out" at a lower price point over fear of losing again.
Bottom line is we just have to wait and see what happens. There's a chance btc won't ever reach 10k again. There's a chance it will go higher than ever before. People need to make individual risk assessments to determine whether or not they want to hold or sell because holding isn't guaranteed recuperation.
@_date: 2018-01-22 19:49:21
I mean you don't have to agree with me but I've already said everything I have to say to your points - I don't see any way in hell that the world will allow a coin that was widely available and picked up by early adopters/techies/people in it for lack of government tracking/etc to be the "one true coin" that we all move over to IF that even happens in the first place.
Governments won't allow that. The people will all the social power won't allow that. It would take worldwide revolution on a scale that's never been seen to make a current coin become the coin that is worldwide standard currency to replace currency backed by fiat.
If you don't understand why the world isn't going to shift to the first coin that got early adopter status and recognition in the media then I really have nothing left to say. Good luck holding and re-investing. I don't think it's a long-term smart move.
@_date: 2018-01-22 18:11:03
BTC will never be deflationary. I'd love to see your magic wisdom indicating otherwise.
Currency has to be deflationary for an economy to work, so bringing up that a currency has lost purchasing power isn't a point against it. You want the power in currency to be exchange for goods, not holding it. That's why when economies face huge recessionary periods the first thing a government has to do is find a way to make people spend money (and thus support the economy) rather than get scared and hold onto it (which starves out business and makes the spiral downward even worse).
@_date: 2018-01-22 18:04:11
The reality of it is that for the entire history of BTC, holding has resulted in huge explosions of wealth. So the HODL shouting match is really a few camps of people:
* those that think they'll get rich if they hold it
* those that don't want others to sell (drives the price down)
* those that legitimately want to see it used as currency when it stabilizes (I'd suspect a very low percentage of people actually are in this category)
@_date: 2018-01-22 20:59:38
First of all, I didn't say a new coin would be problem-free. I said those with the current socio-economic power, along with governments worldwide, would not allow an old coin from the days of early crypto adoption to be the standard currency. If you think the will of the people will overcome that then maybe we are just having a difference over what we each find realistic. Realistically I don't think the common people have enough power to overcome that fact.
Second, I also don't think the "coin" will ever be truly free from regulation. I think the most fair way to ever introduce a coin that is truly set up for worldwide adoption and not investment will be to have a carefully regulated buy-in. Again, I don't think the elite are going to let any switch happen that suddenly invalidates their generational wealth. They are going to want the chance to throw their weight into the system and they will spin it to the common population as the common man's fair shot at owning the coin. Because you also have to realize that for every generationally wealthy person that would lose a lot from having to come into BTC, a lot of working people will lose too. People that have no idea what crypto is and have to be brought in at the very end are going to be the losers of the switch because they will, by default, be buying smaller shares of the new currency.
This is why it's not going to happen and why I think any argument for full-scale replacement is delusional.
Sure, crypto can stabilize and become accepted worldwide. But the minute there is talk of moving wholly to that coin there is going to be people that are just crushed under that transition. It won't happen. I expect crypto to mean a lot to worldwide markets as it becomes a way to buy/sell internationally without converting funds from one fiat (subject to political events and the like) to another fiat (same deal). But I have zero faith that the world will ever run on a coin.
@_date: 2018-01-17 16:26:32
BTC only reached it's high because of investors. So saying that investors are the problem also acknowledges that perhaps BTC was over-valued due to investing.
@_date: 2018-01-22 18:55:09
All of your points are speaking to the same thing - it's all volatile right now and thus cannot be used as a currency in the present.
In the future, *if* crypto can get to the point where it is stable enough to be used as a currency then the coin used won't be BTC or likely any coin that was available during the "Wild West" days when it would have been easy to buy up huge market shares and hold them.
People have been all over crypto in the media because it's been literally the highest yielding, most accessible investment in recent history. It's a lottery mentality. Everyone wants to play now because they've seen the winners. But that exponential growth cuts two ways. When I invested BTC only needed to gain ~$2.5k USD to double in fiat trade value. Now for a new investor to see that same doubling, BTC has to rise not $2.5k but $10k. So it's four times the growth for a doubling effect. And that's exponential so if it continues to rise it continues to be harder and harder for someone to get the same "win" that I got by going in earlier.
I make no predictions about some future coin being used. I don't think I'll live to see the day when it replaces fiat but I might live to see a day where it's a commonly accepted currency. But I would bet all my BTC that it won't be BTC.
@_date: 2018-01-22 18:08:34
No, they aren't. And if they are they are woefully deluded about BTC's specific future.
BTC is too volatile to ever become *the* coin. It was a great public break into crypto but it's never going to become so stable that people feel comfortable using it as real currency. Also there's going to be HUGE backlash from the general public over switching to a currency that will make early adopters/nerds the new societal elite. Because think about it - if you got on this early and we switch over to BTC you had a huge advantage to amass wealth. People won't just stand by and watch that happen.
If the world ever starts to shift towards a crypto, you better believe that the people with existing power are going to figure out a way to make it so that they aren't the ones getting pushed out. They'll find a way to put forth a new coin with no history (they'll spin it as no way that people have been mining it for years/decades or holding on to the coins when they were "cheap") that way when it launches everyone has the chance to buy in.
@_date: 2017-12-08 02:31:12
The simple fact is that if you are scared to lose money, don't invest it. When I put my first $50 in I was at peace with the fact that I might not ever see that $50 again. I did the same thing with my next $50. And so on.
Tonight I decided I've risked enough. I sold just enough btc to get back all of my investments plus enough to take my wife and I out to a nice dinner. What's left can either rise or fall - even if it bottoms out to zero I've still not lost any money and I got a free dinner out of it. If it rises, I'll be happy that I protected myself against loss instead of thinking "OH MAN I SHOULD HAVE JUST HELD IT ALL INSTEAD". Plus if it dips, I can always re-invest what I just took out if I change my mind and decide to be back in it with risk.
My suggestion to you, if you do invest, is to wait until it doubles. If it does that, take your principle out and let the rest of your bitcoin experience be fueled by what's left - free investment. Of course my first point stands - if you can't afford to lose that initial completely, don't do it.
@_date: 2017-12-08 02:19:07
I mean it's kind of what I just did. I just sold enough to cover my total investments plus a little extra. Now what I have left is free investment. If it plummets to zero then it's like this was all just a great big experiment at no cost to me. If it rises, I'll still have assets that are gaining value. If it falls I can make the decision whether or not to hold and hope it goes back up. And if it does fall I could always re-invest what I just sold off tonight if I feel like doubling down.
Best possible position to be in right now, imo.
@_date: 2017-12-08 02:37:29
It's traditionally a strategy used to minimize potential loss when investing a large sum.
Let's say you wanted to invest $200k into a stock (let's ignore whether or not that's a good financial plan for this example). You are worried that if you put that $200k in right now the price might correct on you and then you're starting your portfolio down at a huge loss.
So instead you invest $20k every week for 10 weeks. The value will inevitably change each week. Some weeks may be higher than when you first started, some lower. The idea is that over the longer period of time, the average between all of these highs and lows will be closer to zero than how much you could potentially lose in one go.
@_date: 2017-12-08 02:32:08
Potential profits aren't profits. It's like saying "If I had just chosen different lotto numbers on my card I'd be a multi millionaire". 
You made money by doing nothing. That's pretty sweet.
@_date: 2017-12-08 02:22:59
Exactly. As of a few minutes ago I am completely in btc for free. I've sold off enough to cover all my investments into btc that I've made. What I have left can rise or fall but in the end I'm never going to be worse off than if I had never bought any btc in the first place.
I'll always have the option to take what I have an re-invest. And yes, with hindsight someone might say "Well if you had never sold in the first place you'd have even more!" And that's true, but that's gambling and I'd rather play it smart and safe than gamble for even more.
@_date: 2017-12-08 02:48:15
It's not adoption. Bitcoin is losing traction as a payment method precisely because of these market trends. People aren't buying (talking the majority here) to use it on a market as currency or to shut down big banking - they are buying it for fiat gains. BTC is nothing more but a way for people to take fiat of choice and turn it into more fiat of choice. That's why the price is exploding and that's why BTC continues to have large price corrections. 
@_date: 2017-12-08 02:54:23
If you are an average Joe investor that's just been holding over the past month then this is easily the smartest advice for you - sell enough to recover all of your investments. Congratulations, you're now holding btc completely risk free. It's the perfect middle of the road response. You protect against complete dropoff and you give yourself something to hold onto if the value keeps rising.
@_date: 2017-11-01 22:22:55
No fees when you're placing the order yourself on gdax.
@_date: 2017-11-04 21:19:54
The difference is that the value of other currency is tied strongly to the economy of those nations. BTC more depends on the buy in worldwide. 
@_date: 2017-11-04 21:24:47
The problem you are identifying is that BTC is by design deflationary. Since there's a finite amount and each block is harder to discover the value is going up and up and up. As much as inflation seems like it screws you over (I'm paying $1.89 for a soda that used to cost me $0.99) it encourages spending in an economy - why hold your money if money loses value sitting on the shelf, so to speak. BTC is the opposite - why spend today if it will continue to grow just by saving?
You see stories about people that could have made fortunes by buying in early but what about those that used it as currency early? Those first users that bragged about being able to buy a pizza with BTC probably paid $7000 USD by today's exchange rate for that pizza. 
@_date: 2017-11-02 00:52:38
.5 B2X could be worth nothing (theoretically), it all depends on if it gets any buy in after the fork. So the point is that if BTC investment is the goal, it could end up that it would have been more beneficial to buy in at the post fork BTC dip than to buy in at BTC ATH and then get no value from the forked B2X. Does that make sense?
All scenarios are possible, I just like to play devil's advocate to keep people remembering that it's not guaranteed money printing.
@_date: 2017-11-01 23:44:57
Yeah, I mean I obviously think there's something to it since I hold an undisclosed quantity of BTC. But really all there is is speculation. There's a lot of confirmation bias going "look at how wrong skeptics were X months or Y years ago!" as if that's a justification for infinite expansion.
It could hit 10k, it could not. I won't actually be surprised either way. Best advice for anyone is the tried and true - never invest what you can't afford to lose and diversify your investments. 
If you are just looking into investment I suggest also looking into more traditional retirement type options like a Roth IRA or even just diversifying into index funds (won't have explosive growth but unless the economy implodes you are not really at risk of losing). 
@_date: 2017-11-06 19:46:49
Well here's the thing - when it does well (either pre or post fork) it's going to spur some selling. Those sales are going to drive the price back down. That's just how the market works, right?
So if the fork goes ahead and btc wins, hardcore investors may just pump b2x into btc but there are certainly going to be those that want to sell the btc at the high market price. Especially if a whale moves some volume you'll see it dip and that will probably trigger others to sell (you can call it panic, you can call it smart investing - both could be true).
Bitcoin markets are super fascinating because a lot of prediction or evaluation of strategy changes depending on why you're in the market. An event might simultaneously prompt re-investment into btc and selling of btc and we'll just have to see which group is larger to see if it rises or falls.
@_date: 2017-11-01 21:41:21
Because it's a colloquial usage of the word 'official' and at this point the counterargument is just pedantic.
Official, in this sense, means standard. The OP is saying that if the community adopts the mBTC as the standard when talking about bitcoin (because let's face it, most of us aren't dealing in trades of a several thousand dollars on a regular basis), it removes one of the psychological barriers to mainstream bitcoin adoption.
It's an argument that makes plenty of sense and you going "BUT NOTHING IS OFFICIAL" doesn't really counter that. Referring to mBTC over BTC has implications for mainstream adoption of the currency because people can better wrap their head around mBTC as a currency (we are largely used to not being able to break up a single 'unit' of currency too far from all the years of using fiat).
The reverse effect is also true when you have hugely inflated fiat. It can be psychologically helpful to flatten the currency (i.e., if a loaf of bread costs 1,000,000 units of currency, flatten it out so that the bread can cost 1 instead of 1,000,000 but really the price hasn't changed at all.)
@_date: 2017-11-13 14:20:34
I transferred from my bank to gdax on Nov 4 and I still didn't have the funds in time to buy. Sucks.
@_date: 2017-11-06 19:55:11
Absolutely and anyone who thinks there won't be times of a dip is severely underestimating how many are in btc ultimately for fiat gains.
Post fork - btc wins and b2x is sold off rapidly while it has any value at all, this is pumped back into btc mostly likely. This causes a spike in btc price. Many investors will use this window to move btc for fiat, causing a sharp drop like we saw today when a whale moved some volume on the market. Now, all accounts point to the market stablizing and then growing back up but there WILL be a dip at some point post-fork when some investors decide it's a great time to get some fiat back.
@_date: 2017-11-01 23:20:01
Yeah, I mean keep in mind whatever you have before the fork will be duplicated over on the fork, but that doesn't necessarily mean value added.
For instance, if you buy in at $6500 USD and get .5 BTC before the fork, once the fork happens you'd have .5 of each. But if the value of BTC drops to $4000 USD due to the fork and B2X is valued around $1000, was it worth it? No, you've actually lost out by buying it at the high point before the fork (with these completely made up numbers).
I'm not saying it's going to go that way, just being realistic that with how unpredictable things can be I wouldn't necessarily advise that you HAVE to buy in before the fork.
@_date: 2017-09-27 19:04:22
You can't smartly spend bitcoin anywhere though. Anytime you spend bitcoin you are missing on on the future growth. That's why viable currency for healthy markets is inflationary, not deflationary. The goal of a market currency should be as little inflation as possible, but the second it goes deflationary it discourages spending/investing and rewards holding currency.
I don't think cryptocurrency is a scam, necessarily, but I have yet to see realistic predictions for how it becomes a viable currency. Right now it is an investment that masquerades as a currency, but it makes about as much sense as saying that we should all buy stock and exchange stock as a currency.
@_date: 2017-10-27 19:06:03
You don't know what you are talking about. Bitcoin has *worth* and it has *utility* as a currency. Bitcoin does not have intrinsic value and does not produce value.
You are bringing the colloquial definition of *value* into a discussion based on the economic definition of *value*, which is a completely different thing.
Bitcoin has worth because we back it as a currency, simple as that. Right now the worth is still defined in terms of fiat, such as USD, but that could change. The worth is also determined because it is accepted by merchants for goods and services, much in the same way fiat is accepted. This does not make Bitcoin a value-producing asset or something with intrinsic value.
@_date: 2017-10-24 23:15:49
It doesn't matter in the long run. If BTC proves to be stable and has the growth everyone loves to say, you stand to lose a minor bit of your portfolio, if anything at all. But it is also protection against a dip. If the dip does happen, you cashed out at the fluke peak so you can now reinvest or withdraw from the market with more reasoning than just a quick price change.
The ideal would have been to see it hit 6.1k this week and then sell off 100% of your BTC when it dropped to about 5.9k. Set a buy alert to let you know if the price hits 5.85k. Keep checking to see when if/when it stops falling. Re-invest 100% of the fiat that you got from your selloff.
Congrats, you've now earned more BTC by doing practically nothing. 
@_date: 2017-10-27 13:46:16
Neither notes nor bills have value or produce value. They are valuable because they represent something else, namely a promise of worth.
Value production, in investing terms, is much different than what you're thinking. Crypto has no value and produces no value. You see evidence of this with all the trashcoins that do nothing - they aren't backed so they aren't worth a damn thing.
Crypto has *advantages* over other forms of currency. It's current exchange rate between coin and fiat can grow, which makes it *worth* more (in terms of wealth) but that does not mean it produced value.
Buffett is a value investor, meaning he invested in companies he thought were under-valued in terms of stock price versus company assets, future growth, etc.
@_date: 2017-10-27 13:34:00
That's not value produced, that's just a reason to use one currency over another.
@_date: 2017-10-24 22:44:28
Here's the thing though - I bought my coin for a fixed USD price. The amount of coin I had never changed, but the USD equivalent did. I sold it off with the drop. When the price bottoms out again, I'll rebuy with all the USD I kept from this sell off today. Then I will have more BTC than I had before.
So if we are right and the market bounces back up - I come out with more coin. If we are wrong and the market never bounces back, it's easier for me to never rebuy in the first place. It's a win-win for my personal investment.
@_date: 2017-10-24 23:49:23
No, that's the point of a price alert. When you see it hit high and drop, you sell off. You create alerts to let you know if the price climbs back up to prevent losing gains. You monitor the price to find out when to buy back in.
Buffett is a terrible example. Not just because he hates bitcoin but because he doesn't invest in gold or tech stocks either. He invested in companies that were undervalued or that he thought had a good shot at rebounding from financial ruin. There's a huge difference in strategy between value investing and investing in BTC/gold.
@_date: 2017-10-27 14:52:24
I'm saying that utility doesn't matter to the original topic of the thread - crypto has no value. Sorry if that wasn't clear. 