@_author: tsteele93
@_date: 2014-05-05 05:51:44
Well that ruins it for me, I'm no longer interested in doge coin if it isn't pronounced douge-ee (rhymes with vogue-ee). That was the primary appeal of the currency for me, next to the Dogee in all the pictures! ;-)
@_date: 2014-03-08 19:47:40
That is a terrible broadcast. I know very little about bitcoins but I know something about broadcasting, and that is bad, bad, terrible bad chemistry and delivery.
@_date: 2014-03-08 19:08:09
Then how is what happened at mt gox possible? I still don't understand that at all.
@_date: 2014-03-09 14:23:03
WHY was that down voted? This forum is no better than WOW!
@_date: 2014-03-08 15:27:00
How much was 2.5 in usd?  I'm a noob. Are these just regular bitcoins? I don't know what mt gox is -just an exchange for bitcoins or an altcoin?
@_date: 2014-03-08 19:12:26
Not sure why you,are being down voted. Best way to get people,to,do anything is tell them they aren't ready to handle it yet.
@_date: 2014-03-08 20:21:39
Is that California? (soviet America?)
@_date: 2014-03-09 14:20:50
You have a LOT to,learn my friend. You have suffered the worst thing that can happen to a young person. Your early "success" makes you think you are smarter than you are and makes you over confident.
You have done nothing more than scratch off the right lottery ticket.
You didn't earn money. You didn't start a business and run it with people employed by you while offering goods or services to the public.  You (I'm assuming, since you claim crypto has made you a millionaire) simply bought in early to what may be a Ponzi scheme.
Even if it is not, crypto wasn't designed to be a money maker. It was just supposed to be money, or currency, or an exchange.
You are sitting on a bunch of Monopoly money that is only worth real money (with the exception of some businesses) if you convert it to cash in a govt backed currency.
Mostly though, all arguments about bit coin aside, your superior intellect is exactly what EVERY teenager thinks of themselves. Most of us have been there and remember how adults didn't take us seriously. 
You have the luck of having some crypto currency that has followed the path of many  other investments before it. Are you even old enough to remember the dot com bubble? Have you studied currency and economics and finance? Or did you just KNOW that bit coin was the future and get lucky?
Kids! 
@_date: 2014-03-10 03:05:08
They always treated me fairly with my mtg cards!  ;-)
@_date: 2014-03-08 14:28:50
How would it not be much if she released a recording? If she released a recording that matched up exactly with what she had said, wouldn't anyone with the ability to reason wonder about the seemingly contradictory statements this man made?
Why is it unlikely that an aging man with the correct name couldn't have created or been heavily involved in the creation of bit coin in the not-so-distant past?
@_date: 2014-03-09 13:44:33
Thank you. I really don't have a beef with you or anyone else giving money. I don't have any opinion of anything you do... I just don't understand the attitude that this guy has been so put out.
First, he could be the founder of bit coin. Probably not, but I just feel like that this is so easily dealt with on his end. 
If not, he goes outside, answers a few questions, if he isn't the legendary bit coin founder then he says so and the press moves on to their next story.
Now, what I think reddit is worried about is maybe this guy IS Satoshi... Then his private life is over for a while.
@_date: 2014-03-08 19:14:49
I was just taking with my sanitation engineer the other day. "Seems like people are always making a profession sound cooler than it really is," he said - as he loaded my garbage into his truck and drove merrily on his way.
@_date: 2014-03-08 16:14:51
It isn't reasonable to make a claim, then when asked for proof, tell that person to google it.
If you make the claim, you should be able to offer proof or admit that you can't offer it.
@_date: 2014-03-08 21:00:33
YES! Answer or don't. Shut the door. Continue your life. Ignore the journalists, or more likely, give up a small moment of your time to answer a few questions, pick up the $15k that reddit has determined you deserve for the minor intrusion into your life and move on.
@_date: 2014-03-16 06:19:03
Thank you, it was legitimate. I am on a tablet and it is more difficult to simply ask than hop over and search. And I'm lazy! 
@_date: 2014-03-08 14:35:14
This is HISTORY. Of course people are going to want to document it. Does reddit think that telling people to move along because there is nothing to see here is really going to stop reporters from trying to learn how bitcoin came about. 
On one hand everyone claims bitcoin isnt taken seriously and on the other hand when someone starts to investigate its origins they start to scream for privacy.
Doesn't even begin to make sense.
And in the real world none of this will even slow real reporters down. Eventually the truth will be out and we will be able to learn the very valuable story of how this all came about.
@_date: 2014-03-08 02:22:22
The teacher has taught you more than you know right now. As an intelligent person you will likely spend a great deal of your life dealing with less intelligent people. These less intelligent people are often harmless, sometimes cheerleaders for you, but more often roadblocks.
Learn to find ways under, over, around or through them. Through is usually hardest, as dumb people rarely accept that they are dumb and will fight you every step of the way in an effort to hold on to their belief that they are not stupid, or intellectually your inferior.
Over sometimes works if you can go over their heads and find someone more intelligent. But that isn't a given... Around often turns out the easiest. 
As other posters have said, get your parents involved, but in the meantime write an article about goldfish or something. Or if you are enjoying the drama, perhaps a paper on how to go over a teachers head and get an administrator involved with a grade...
@_date: 2014-03-10 01:16:55
It will be confirmed tomorrow when tbi issues his report. If he is lying then he gets 12 hours of trolling fun. That's it. It seems very possible that this is legit.
@_date: 2014-03-10 02:57:34
Yes, but the point is that the length of time this account has been on reddit is irrelevant. It is obviously a throwaway and that was to be assumed by reading the post. The op clearly did not want his/her identity known so of course it is a throwaway. 
I'm not arguing whether it needs to be revealed, I'm just saying I don't think anyone is surprised it was just created and I don't think most people would expect it to be a throwaway since op wants to duck for cover. It is a non-issue.
@_date: 2014-05-05 05:44:44
I didn't take that as accusing you of not being female. I just thought he (?) was saying that claiming to be the local crypto currency evangelist was a common line dropped to get free coin.
Don't get me wrong, I think he is wrong and I'm new round here so I don't know your history, but you seemed legit to me and I don't think that was your point. 
But I never thought he was accusing you of not being female.
@_date: 2014-03-08 20:45:59
Why not mark these as suspicious or stolen and miners refuse to process them? Then someone has to come forward and explain why they are legit before they are mined.
@_date: 2014-07-20 05:46:37
The book Kiln People by David Brin. One of my favorites.
@_date: 2014-03-10 01:17:17
Ever heard of a throwaway account?
@_date: 2014-03-09 14:08:16
So he is hoping to become a bitcoin millionaire and you don't discourage that thinking? You are doing a great job of educating, but when it becomes clear that he is hoping to gamble his way to millions, you don't give him a "Whoah, friend - the point is to use this as currency, not become a millionaire."
Do you guys think there are anymore millionaires out there? Sure, the early adopters seem to have been extraordinarily rewarded, to the point that it makes crypto currency look like all you have to do is create one and become rich, but the prices are high enough now that it is hard to imagine someone starting in and mining or whatever is going to become a millionaire .
That thinking is WHY the public remains unconvinced. To most of the outside world this looks like a Ponzi scheme - with the people who got in early making millions, then they are followed by lazy people looking for an easy way to get rich, and eventually the whole thing collapses.
The really BAD thing, is that it appears many people want crypto to work for good reasons now. But by ignoring the fact that Satoshi and others are sitting on hundreds of millions of dollars for no real reason, then most people look at crypto currency as suspicious.
@_date: 2014-03-08 16:25:16
@_date: 2014-03-09 13:57:31
Only problem I see with that, and a lot of bit coin users don't seem to get the emotional side of things...
When you say you are a millionaire because of crypto currency, it sounds like you got in early on a Ponzi scheme. If crypto currency wasn't so wildly fluctuating all the time, and perhaps more importantly, if it didn't jump so high from the starting value, it might seem like a legitimate currency.
But knowing that a bunch of folks got to,start the game with way more money than you makes it start to look shady.
I would honestly say you didn't help the cause at all. You just showed them that you made a lot of money gambling with crypto currency. All I think they took,away was that they might get rich with bit coins, not that it is a great currency.
Just my take.  You can send me .8 bit coins and I'll change my mind. ;-)
@_date: 2014-03-09 14:32:47
What arguments do you give against Ponzi tulip, etc...? I'm genuinely curious.
Why did the early adopters make millions on what is supposed to be a currency that exchanges goods for your contribution to,society.
For example, Atlas Shrugged has some really good stuff on money.
People think money is evil because of the misquote from the bible, but in reality money took people out of enslavement to lords and companies and freed them to exchange their abilities and work for other goods and services.
Basically, if you are good at building tables, and your friend needs a table, but they are only good at trapping animals and making coats. If you need a coat, maybe you can work a trade. But if you don't need a coat then you are screwed.
Currency changes that, now he can sell his coats to someone who needs a coat and receive currency that he can then exchange with you for a table. Money is merely the representation of someone's work and the value of their work.
Now enter bit coin. So far the only people who really made any money were early adopters who did almost nothing for their millions, and miners.
That is the problem I have, is that it wasn't pegged to a value that would remain more stable.  Now you have people in the system who haven't earned (or had their family earn, or had given to them) the money they have by working for it.
That happens with other currency too, but in this case it is the people who invented the currencies who are richest, so that makes it look like a scam.
@_date: 2014-04-02 21:22:11
Wow, so is there a way for me to view reddit with a different ranking system?
@_date: 2014-03-08 14:24:36
Can someone explain to me why this is all so terrible though? Is it wrong for a reporter to try and find the inventor of bit coin? Is there something wrong with being associated with being the creator of bit coin? I don't understand why this guy has been classified by reddit as a victim.
@_date: 2014-03-08 16:06:08
I gotta part ways with you here. I thought you were curious, not mean spirited. The reality is EVERY one of us run around with our identities hanging on little more than a wing and a prayer as we engage in highly risky behavior (and usually get away with it) every day. I read a great article on it and I'll come back and share...
From the article:
This demographic uses their laptops for viewing highly questionable content and their phones for installing flapping bird software from Jimmy Bob's Software... the same people who grant permissions to make phone calls, activate cameras and send SMSs to phone apps whose sole function is to act as a flashlight. Running a wallet is the last thing they should be trusted with. - 
See more at: 
@_date: 2014-03-08 15:58:02
Why not? He's asking from what appears to be a genuine curiosity. 
@_date: 2014-03-09 08:00:46
I don't get it, honestly. Inconvenience - yes. Horrible? Deserving of $25k? Why?
That's more than a lot of people make in a year, going to work every day and doing hard labor. And he deserves that for being asked questions by a reporter and having some news people camp out in front of his house for a while?
Heck there are people needing surgeries that really DO need that money and reddit gives it to a guy who has been inconvenienced?
@_date: 2014-03-09 14:22:31
His writing doesn't look very neutral. He gives himself credit for all,of this and he started with a million? Please... He's already ruined.
@_date: 2014-05-05 06:03:46
Typical neck beard with a rack of networking gear at work who thinks his job makes him god at the local pastry shop because if he left they wouldn't know how to sign on and get their email attitude!
Wait, what? You say that stereotype isn't true? Not all redditors are far left losers who still haven't gotten their first kiss and live in moms basement because their GameStop job doesn't pay enough to move out yet?
Oops I did it again.
Before the downvotes come in, let me explain.
I am in my 40's with a wife, two kids and a very comfortable living. I have a degree in engineering and - believe it or not - don't think Dale Earnhardt hung the moon - although he was an amazing driver.
I'm not a redneck sitting on the porch of my trailer on an old sofa with a non-working fridge on it.
Stereotypes suck and are often wrong. I like NASCAR and I'm not penniless redneck hillbillie white trash. 
@_date: 2014-03-08 16:03:26
See, this is what totally surprises me. I have no bitcoins because while I love the concept, i do not understand how it works.  But I thought that it was completely open. I know identities are secret, but aren't the coins traceable? Can't they see where they went?
I guess it is hard to imagine that they are so untraceable. It seems like some how there would be a way to know when a large sum started moving and which exchanges they landed on, etc...
Miners can refuse to process transactions. Is there a way to identify these transactions and refuse to process them?
Maybe that could be a safeguard in the future. Each transaction has an identity code and if the community identifies it as a fraudulent transaction, they could refuse to process it? 
@_date: 2014-03-08 16:26:56
I am very new and very confused, but if mt gox regained their keys, why file for bankruptcy and why isn't this a minor blip?
@_date: 2014-03-09 07:48:45
From an outsiders pov, (I just spent the weekend trying to understand bitcoin with a heavy dive in the deep end. I know what a miner is now!) I think there is a lot of belief that the founders of crypto currency seem to have profited WILDLY from a creation that was supposed to be about something totally different. 
I avoided crypto currency because it didn't understand it. I'm a relatively smart guy. Not a genius, but I have a degree in engineering with a minor in mathematics. Not something a complete moron is likely to attempt or complete, I think.
I truly don't have a complete grasp on it yet. I get the basic principles and even understand what miners do (although it don't understand why! since there seems to be little to no profit in it and companies like BFL make it very risky to even try.
Imagine the general public. Average (or worse) intelligence, no real interest in bit coin - nor need since they aren't evading taxes or buying illegal stuff. And the founders appear to have gotten rich off of a currency they create out of thin air, the value swings on bit coin are so great as to potentially bankrupt a person, and while crypto currency is fairly safe, it appears the exchanges are being run by scam artists who have the audacity to take money, file bankruptcy and then brazenly move their money out right in front of everyone's eyes knowing there is nothing anyone can do.
I would certainly like to know who created bit coin. What were/are their motives? How much did they make from it? How did it come about? That alone would fill a history book!
@_date: 2014-03-08 14:22:15
Wow, I just actually watched the video and I think she did an amazing job. She held her own and completed her thoughts even when interrupted and never got loud or angry. She explained her methodology even while being treated condescendingly...
I don't think she has proven that this guy is the creator of bit coin, but she has certainly done a GREAT job in trying to track him down and find out more.
I think reddit has a very strong no-doxxing attitude and reddit tends to forget that the real world is different than this little sandbox that we play in each day.
The simple truth is that news people SHOULD be trying to find these things out. If this guy isn't the guy, then he says so and shuts the door. I don't understand why reddit is raising money for him... What has happened that is so terrible? Someone knocked on his door and asked him if he created bitcoin. That's bad?
Sometimes I don't even begin to understand the thought processes that I see here.
I am very libertarian though, so I guess that reddit tends to be far more left on many issues than I am so maybe it is expected for me not to agree, but on this I don't even understand the hive logic.
Let the down voting begin.
@_date: 2019-02-24 21:47:35
This is one of the reasons why I have such a hard time getting into crypto.
1. It behaves like a stock, not a currency.
2. Some people got absurdly rich off of its creation. Yes, I know that is true of fiat, but it still bugs me.
3. There are so many coins, which is not the same as different country currencies. At least not if you live in a first world country with government backed money.
4. You can lose it all easily. The only way to do that with fiat is to carry all cash all the time. Crypto feels like all your eggs are in one fragile basket.
5. It is much harder to "spend." Almost like the difference in Amex vs Visa back in the day.
6. It is confusing to the average person. I'm pretty computer literate and understand the basics of block-chain and how the currency works, but it is still very odd and since I haven't ever used it, I don't understand wallets at all.
7. I'm annoyed at the fact I cannot buy a decent video card for my son because crypto is screwing up the video card market.
8. Along those lines, I also find it annoying that crypto-capitalists are messing up towns (mine is on the short-list) by having miners come in and build mining stations in burned out shopping plazas and running up the price of electricity for everyone else around while they get rich.
There are probably more, but even taking out the silly ones, there are still a lot of reasons why the average Joe is not jumping on board yet. I can't help but feel nervous that this is an online pyramid scam.  
Please don't get me wrong. I absolutely LOVE the idea of money that is anonymous and private. Not just so we can buy stuff we aren't supposed to buy either, just because it isn't anyone's business what I'm doing. But I think there are some legitimate complaints in there as well.
My BIGGEST complaint is that I don't want money that acts like a volatile stock though. I want money that changes value SLOWLY and somewhat predictably. I don't want to INVEST in bitcoin. I want a currency that lets me buy and sell things, not a currency that can bankrupt me or enrichen me at the whims of the masses.
That is the single biggest thing wrong with bitcoin. And you have the people who hype it up and talk about how rich they have gotten from bitcoin and they don't have the faintest idea WHY it has gone up in value, they just love that they were so "SMART" to have gotten in early and made all this money. When in reality, they had no idea that it would increase in value or why it has - they just feel smart now because they got lucky.
As the poker saying goes, I'd rather be lucky than good. But I'm not a lucky person. So I'd rather just have my money be money and not an investment. And bitcoin feels more like an investment than a currency.
Feel free to flame me or, preferably, respond to my post with thoughtful comments.
@_date: 2017-05-24 05:04:46
As someone who has not bought in, part of me looks on jealously. (Excerpt I'm not completely in the cold, I bought FB stock when it first came out.)
But I don't understand bitcoin. I know that money - currency - even $ and £ and € fluctuate in value. 
But this doesn't feel like money. Or currency. It is like a tulip. 
I LOVE the idea of bitcoin as cash. I hate the idea of my cash swinging thousands of percent up AND down in value. That's a gamble or investment, not currency.
Can someone explain why this is a good thing?