@_author: tsukikolifebringer
@_date: 2018-02-26 20:19:43
According to [this site]( a 525 representative sample at 95% confidence level should roughly be representative of the entire country of 10 million with 4% margin of error.
It's actually surprising how the math works out but you need a relatively small sample size to represent vast amounts of people. If the sample was well selected then I see no issue with the poll.
@_date: 2018-02-28 17:31:12


Yes, and as I said, you do not assume that people doing such research are competent. I do, therefore I believe I can apply the formula.


I believe you can find poll interpretations that contradict each other on almost any issue, not so sure about polls.


And once again, I repeat, that you are questioning the accuracy of the poll based on the representative sample while I simply assume that people who do research are somewhat competent and the poll is reasonably accurate until I have a reason to believe otherwise.
@_date: 2018-02-28 23:53:12
I don't know if you are arguing around what I'm saying on purpose or not so I guess I'll just quit.
@_date: 2018-02-27 19:05:32
Modern sociology is aware of possible biases and compensates for them. Just because you can't ever get a 100% perfect sample of population doesn't mean all polling is to be disregarded as unreliable. All polling should be taken with a grain of salt, but just a single, small grain.
@_date: 2018-02-28 21:49:37


No, I have stated repeatedly that it is impossible to have a perfect sample, therefore I do not think that there are researchers who are able to attain it. I have also repeatedly stated that competent researchers have a sample that is simply close enough to ideal - a.k.a. optimal - and that competent researchers can attain it.


I don't need to know it, I can assume that since they took the poll in order to reflect the opinion of the general puplic, the researchers made sure it's representative of the general public because they're not incompetent. Since you do not follow this logic you must have no assumed the same, which would leave me to believe you have assumed the opposite. You can keep repeating how you haven't assumed anything but by not trusting that the data is representative you have already asumed that the researchers did not make sure it is due to incompetence.
@_date: 2018-02-28 15:01:13
Well, I think I can sum it thus:
Your default stance is: "The pollers don't know how to do polls and their data is untrustworthy even though we have no reason to believe that." I base that on the fact that all you're saying is listing all the possible ways in which polls can be done improperly without giving a reason we should believe that is the case here.
My default position is: "People who concduct polls probably do them with some degree of competency and the results are accurate enough." Unless I have a reason to believe the poll has been done by a grade schooler I will assume it was done competently.