@_author: ttatt1984
@_date: 2018-01-25 16:30:40
Fuck Coinbase. Good fucking bye. 
@_date: 2018-01-08 21:32:45
Ethernet cables will never go faster than 3 mbps due to technical limitations.
Dial-up internet will never progress to an infrastructure where streaming video will be possible due to limitations.
1st gen IPhones will crush atnt’s network (said research in motion’s CEO).
Bitcoinization will never be possible due to limitations you say? As if technology and the economic incentive to make it work won’t yield the solution? Really? Have you so little faith?
@_date: 2018-01-23 21:21:40
Wow. I never knew this. But what i envision is an app wallet that could do this. 
Accept $200 worth of BTC. And then automatically divide it up into smaller amounts, each with its own wallet address and keys. Then I just hand over the keys and the address. Done. 
@_date: 2018-01-05 01:08:13
“Im gonna need lightning fast confirmations that you’re processing the details of this blockchain agreement!”
@_date: 2018-01-23 21:17:44
I thought I explained that. But here’s a visual using fiat as an example. 
My leather wallet that holds my bills is protected by a zipper that only opens when I unlock a little metallic lock keeping the zipper slide closed. Only I have the keys to unlock my zipper leather wallet. Inside are the bills i’ll Use to buy coffee. The bills have serial numbers on them, proving their legitimacy. Transaction done.
With bitcoin, something similar could happen. I have a BTC master wallet. I have it’s keys. Within the wallet are smaller wallets... each having a set amount of smaller BTC... just enough to make those small transactions for coffee. Let’s say I have micro wallets such as:
3 wallets that each have $2 = 0.000095 BTC
1 wallet that has $20 = 0.00095 BTC
1 wallet that has $100 = 0.0047 BTC.
My master wallet has these smaller wallets inside. Each small wallet has its own keys which I don’t know of bc I intend to give them away in a retail purchase. I only know the keys to my master wallet holding all the other wallets and perhaps a bigger chunk of BTC that I store inside it. 
So at the point of a transaction, I simply open my waster wallet, and give away my $2 wallet and it’s keys to the merchant, who then can verify that the wallet has the balance in it, and then I get my coffee. Transaction done. I no longer have the keys to that $2 wallet, and I have my coffee. Merchant has the $2 wallet and can add them up to the day’s collection of similar small wallets with small balances. 
If the merchant chooses, they can extract the bitcoin from each one thru the network... using segwit or lightning or whatever to keep fees at a minimum.
@_date: 2018-01-17 19:21:57
Then there should be zero transactions waiting to be confirmed. Oh wait....
@_date: 2018-01-17 21:24:04
If we get stagnation, it won’t last more than a few months at most. By may we might recover to 20k and then some. We have too much going for bitcoin and crypto in general than in 2014
@_date: 2018-01-08 21:36:05
Hold the door................ hodor
@_date: 2018-01-23 20:29:31
Right. I thought of this. 
So why not have a main wallet, which has its own master private keys. 
But within that wallet are smaller wallets, holding small amounts of BTC. And each micro wallet has its own keys. But the owner doesn’t know these keys. Thus, they can be handed over to a merchants point of sale system that collects the micro wallets and the keys. 
I understand that transferring balances from the main wallet to the microwallets would itself have fees, but perhaps segwit or lightning would make this fee low enough. 
The purpose is to not have to burden the network with every cup of coffee bought and sold. The network only has to confirm true wallet to wallet transfers of balance. Main wallet to micro-wallets. Where then I could send over those micro wallet balances to a merchant and they could also send over those micro wallets with valid balances in them to another business and so and so forth. And anyone in that chain of commerce could at any point extract the balances with the keys or simply hand them over to someone else. 
@_date: 2018-01-26 03:02:32
How has the recent surge in BTC transaction fees affected the crypto market over there? I’d imagine using ether or litecoin or the other alts would be preferable... unless you’re all using segwit 
@_date: 2018-01-19 15:26:40
gold-worthy comment
@_date: 2018-01-25 19:27:52
Why? If transaction fees go low, that attracts new real users who’ll buy bitcoin at these levels. Not speculators. And with more segwit adoption and LN going online, fees may stay low and go even lower. Thus attracting more new users. 
So... here. Have a downvote. :)
@_date: 2018-01-09 00:47:02
Bitcoin isn’t meant to be the only cryptocurrency. It is the first one that paved the way to this reality we are in where value can be transacted in a system outside of centralized authority. Bitcoin has made other cryptocurrencies possible. Although others subscribe to this bitcoin only mentality, I believe bitcoin is the bedrock to a new cryptocurrency denominated economy. Bitcoin isn’t practical as a currency today due to its current limitations but there are things in the works like atomic swaps, chain on chain transactions, and various other upgrades. Bitcoin can act as a deflationary system of storing long term value along with the option of trading it for goods and services. 
Ultimately, centralized monetary policy is doomed to continue the financial crisis we have seen repeatedly. Decentralized networks, where some are inflationary and others are deflationary, allow global commerce to keep going without having to be at the mercy of governments and politics. Presently, I can transact value and a smart contract in the same transaction via ethereum. I can buy a cup of coffee with litecoin due to its less strained network. And I can put my savings in bitcoin. Then I can also participate in some startup’s ICO d-app using their own erc20 token by exchanging either my litecoin, ether, or bitcoin into whatever that token’s value is. All of that is possible today. And all that’s required is me relinquishing that deflationary piece of paper that is backed by nothing but faith in a central government that is trillions in debt. Which system do you place your faith in long term? Look at global government debt. It far overshadows the value of actual global fiat. Which means everyone’s paper money is essentially worthless. 
In a cryptocurrency global commerce, which exists in a small scale rudimentary way today, the purchasing power of my money that I worked hard for isn’t at the mercy of some government debt default once my money exits that system into one where only cryptos are transacted in. 
@_date: 2018-01-31 06:21:13
Honest question. How? From what I understand, tether is also used to buy other cryptos. That $2 Billion was not just for BTC alone. So even if that $2B is levered up, we’d have to divide that number by how much may have gone in other coins like ethereum, litecoin, Bcash, etc. 
Suddenly, that $2B didn’t only prop up BTC, but also the other coins as well. BUT.... whatever total levered tether was used to buy cryptos is now smaller when divided to each one. Which means, BTC is less impacted since that inflated tether could have also gone to other coins. So really, if BTC market cap is $170B....... how can $2B really cause much of a dent?
Honest question. 
@_date: 2018-01-23 21:51:53
The software is designed to make keys each time it makes these small balance addresses. And it’s designed to only be open by a merchants system. 
For example, both the owners app and the merchants point of sale device/register/app would have to be both compatible with each other for this to work. 
Owner’s X app generates keys to the smaller balance addresses. Merchants X app is designed to only accept those X app generated keys. By design, the owner only knows he/she has a set of small wallets with small balances on them. But will never have the keys to extract them BECAUSE they are presumed to be used for retail purposes. 
For example, as I think I mentioned in a previous comment, let’s say I get paid $300 at the end of the week. I want to set aside $100 to save. The rest I want to use as spending cash. So when it gets transferred to my wallet X app, it asks me if I want to divide up the $200 in smaller amounts, each with their own wallets. 
I swipe yes. Doing so constitutes an agreement that I will accept my $200 to be divided up into small wallet balances.... which I agree to not know the keys to. And done. Each wallet has its own keys, designed to be used at merchants that use this x app feature. And done.... I can do transactions with merchants that accept these and they can collect these and either send them to someone else or extract the balances of each wallet if they choose. Since they have the keys, it’s their coin.... along with whatever the market value of it is.
@_date: 2018-01-30 00:04:48
You spelled ‘here’ wrong. Bang, I shot you. Reddit assassination achieved. 
@_date: 2018-01-01 00:29:24
As the price of bitcoin rises along with the network, so does the economic incentive to devise energy-efficient solutions. Solar powered rigs, hydro/wind power, etc. we’re getting there.
@_date: 2018-01-23 21:42:27
Can’t software generate expendable keys? For example, my iPhone sometimes suggest passwords when I’m registering on to a new site or something. 
Couldn’t a piece of software generate data, such as keys, that is designed to not be known to the original wallet app user? And that can only be used my a merchants point of sale device/app. Since it is intended to be used for small retail transactions, I don’t see why not knowing the keys isn’t an acceptable trade off.
@_date: 2018-01-23 20:17:34
Can someone tell me why we can just exchange keys to wallets that have a verfiable balance on them? For example, I want a coffee from merchant 1. Instead of putting in a $2 transaction (plus fees) to be confirmed by the mining network, why don’t I just have a preset small wallet with only $2 worth of BTC inside it, with its own keys. And then I simply hand over those keys to the merchant’s point of sale system. And that system could verify the balance of the wallet address I’m handing the keys of.
Couldn’t that work? Thus relieving the network of having to process small amount transaction.
I have an entire blueprint of how this would work. But based on those preliminary features, wouldn’t just exchanging keys to valid addresses with valid and verifiable balances be enough to do peer to peer small amount transactions?
Edit 1: the merchant could, at either the end of the week or month, extract the balances out of all those small balance wallets and run them through the network. There would also need to be another layer of security features to ensure they keys are truly transferred and given up, thus disallowing the customer from spending it somewhere else. 
@_date: 2018-01-13 06:04:04
Yes... but this is all assuming they are ALL fools. That is not the case. Even many of the get rich quick fools will eventually discover that bitcoin is actually usable. So they might use, spend, send, purchase things with it. using it rather than buying it just to sell to another fool may slow down this rate of depletion of fools buying it just to speculate. And as is the case with most fools/speculators, they tend to panic sell at the slightest bit of bad news that probably isn’t all bad to begin with and then the price recovers. But because these fools aren’t real investors/users, their loss would spook them out of the pool of fools and then real investors/users/smart money would come in to replace them..... and thus raising its value. 
@_date: 2018-01-08 22:08:07
I understand. But I respectfully disagree with your assertion that they realized decentralized networks would be a disaster... as if they tried it already and didn’t like it.  A truly decentralized monetary system has never been tried because banking has always relied on them being the ultimate power brokers between people and government central bankers. They have always enjoyed that cushy relationship of being the middle man. They never had the incentive or saw the profit motive in a decentralized network with encrypted money because it doesn’t serve their purposes of being the ones holding the power. And that power is more than just money. It is customer information, money flow data, the ability to invest and speculate with customer money. Their R&amp;D isn’t about “oh let’s make things more easier for our customers”.... it’s more about how the banks can do whatever they can FIRST to front run whatever form of investment that’ll yield the highest return. That involves securing their centralized systems. But as is true since the dawn of man, power ultimately corrupts a system that becomes too big. And this bigger a human-led institution gets, the more corrupt and self-serving it is.
Bitcoin is the answer to that centralization of power. With bitcoin, one can secure a transaction and create an virtual object of value that can’t be duplicated. That alone is valuable. If decentralization can facilitate transactions without a human-hierarchical system, then the notion of centralized banking goes away. There’s no money to be made in a decentralized network because they’d have to give up their power to be a part of the network. That’s why there’s no Bank of Bitcoin. There never will be. And that’s why they never implemented it. All they can do to partake in the increasing valuation is to become like the rest of us and buy and HODL bitcoin. But they can’t do that because their shareholders demand profits from their old system of banking. Therefore....... like in 2006-2007, it’s probably time to start shorting the banking stocks. 
@_date: 2018-01-23 21:26:08
Such a wallet app that you’d write  wouldn’t work.
 The merchants point of sale system would only accept wallet addresses wth verifiable addresses and its balance. Once the balance is verified, the merchants system takes your keys. Since you don’t know they keys, you can’t double spend them. 
I don’t see why a developer can’t create a wallet app that can generate smaller wallets with its own keys that even the owner doesn’t know of since they are generated with the presumption that they will be spent on a retail transaction 
@_date: 2018-01-16 13:10:05
Price movements... snore.
But check out the increases in volume year after year. Wow. I expect 100 billion in volume by end of 2018
@_date: 2019-07-20 19:52:03
And easy to know if I’m carrying $25k  worth or so . Which makes me an easy target. 
I can remain anonymous enough with multiple hops and coin mixers and never be an easy target.
@_date: 2019-07-12 04:51:57
While he devalues it so he can say he’s standing up to China.
@_date: 2019-07-12 13:09:32
The Rand Paul base.
@_date: 2019-07-03 03:07:04
Yea Ver’s thing... only this time it will be done by big players and state actors. It WILL fail. But that won’t stop them from trying
@_date: 2019-07-04 18:45:43
The side with the greatest number of users agreeing to the new consensus rules
@_date: 2017-12-25 21:57:13
Bcash’s increased block sizes allow for more transactions in the crypto world. Ok that’s nice. However here is the nasty BUT:
With increased block sizes come the necessity for higher storage for those running the nodes. Eventually, the nodes with the money and resources are able to afford more higher storage hardware (effectively making them central servers of the network) while lesser nodes are effectively shut out of the mining fees as rewards. This creates centralization of the network... bigger players who can afford the bigger machines and infrastructures have greater control of the network. Effectively, these wealthier nodes become “central banks” of the crypto world. That is the exact opposite of what cryptocurrencies are about. In true decentralized form, no single entity should be able to amass more power and influence just because your node can process more transactions. 
Furthermore, what exactly is the transaction volume limit for Bcash? With bitcoin we know what it is: 21 million bitcoins.
What’s the total circulation number for Bcash?       ?????? 
So with Bcash, we also don’t have a definite answer to the inflation question. Bcash is basically a crypto that can do all the things we want a crypto to do to compete with fiat and Visa BUT it sells its soul at the expense of true decentralization and protection against inflation. 
@_date: 2017-12-22 01:20:05
Whats bcash’s circulation supply? Is there a limit? Nobody knows. So there we have possible inflation.
Larger blocks = greater centralization. Your coin isn’t secure. 
Greater centralization requires more trust in those running the nodes. Crypto is about NOT having to trust anyone. You trust the code, not the person. Trustless network is the key. 
All the other things about it having faster transactions doesn’t matter bc other coins can already do that. Bcash has nothing really distinguishing it other than it’s an apostate offshoot of the core network and decided to slap on its name and add the word “cash” to it. Nothing else. 
@_date: 2017-12-04 19:46:36
I understand. But once something reaches a certain size and value, that’s it. It has earned and declared its prominence. It’d be like today someone coming up with some fancy search engine that could... Idk... come up with search results based on your subconscious thoughts. That’d be neat right? Would it ever disrupt google? No. Before it gets big enough to be a threat, Google would just gobble t up. Why? Bc google has earned and declared its prominence. It’s so big it can eat and consume its competition, even disruptive to its own nature. 
BTC has the size to do that. If any competing coin or value storage system were to arise, the BTC community would find a way to integrate it into the upgrade of the protocol since it is based on open source software. The incentive to do it is that by improving BTC, they also add value to their BTC holdings. 
A smaller coin’s developer team and network just can’t do that. The economic incentive built into mining BTC is superior to other coins. It’s just too big and it has earned its place as first in class. 
@_date: 2017-12-11 10:09:28
Some debt is good. Debt at current levels is a massive problem. Just look at the total numbers. That system is not sustainable and far from efficient. Look at the Greek debt crisis, Egypt’s crisis, the Dubai debt crisis.... and that’s just the start. Once developed economies start feeling the pressure of debt, the only answer is looser monetary policy and running the printing presses. 
Taking inflation as a necessity to force people to spend encourages an ultra consumer based economy where people are encourage to spend money rather than save money. But people are people.... short sighted and careless with money. Is it really a better option to encourage them into getting into debt? Perhaps it’s better to encourage a more leaner and less wasteful lifestyle. The widening gap  in wealth between the 1% and the rest of us is a direct result of this. 
@_date: 2017-12-21 03:12:29
Is he physically within the jurisdiction of the US or hiding out somewhere? 
@_date: 2017-12-11 10:30:07
Fiat is going away. That’s a certainty. We are becoming a cashless society where fiat becomes digital. However, fiat remains fiat: government backed and central bank controllled. Making it digital doesn’t make it anymore secure or impervious to the forces of inflation and global debt. So the idea of someone exchanging crypto to fiat might still happen but that transaction will be recorded on the ledger... such a person won’t have much to hide in an economy where less people are using fiat cash. 
Crypto is gaining acceptance in the West. Sure there are people against it but when they see how the market reacts, suddenly it becomes more real and legitimate. Look at how futures trading is now a thing. Expect an etheruem or litecoin futures soon enough. 
@_date: 2017-12-26 22:32:00
More people using segwit maybe
@_date: 2017-12-08 00:21:31
Dilution via forking isn’t the threat it may seem like.
Once a new fork is formed, that crypto now needs its own developer team, consensus network, and time tested mettle to even compare to bitcoin. Bitcoin has earned its antifragile medal after nearly 9 years of existence where its weathered many storms. The many cryptos popping up recently have yet to be tested in the marketplace but none reign supreme the way bitcoin has. 
Forks are free to go off and think they’re better but they’re not and investors who are serious about where to place their money will go for the bigger and powerful one of them all: bitcoin. It’s practically the reserve currency for all other cryptos the way the USD is for others. 
It’s true that Bitcoin could in theory collapse. But it’s more realistic that the USD would fail rather than bitcoin. USD is a human managed instrument. At every layer, there are human institutions and hierarchies  involved. Bitcoin removes the human element by a wide margin. All the humans do is work together to solve the math and the code and improve the network. The more bigger the network gets the more power it gets. But here’s the thing about power...... in humans, gaining power corrupts. And getting absolute power corrupts absolutely. Bitcoin cannot be corrupted the way humans can. Everyone in the network must play by the same rules. Because of that, and the size and power it’s amassing, it becomes antifragile. It cannot be taken down. 
There are competing coins that offer better functionalities..... but there’s a reason they’re not as valued as bitcoin. They just don’t have the 8 years of blockchain history of proven transactions nor have they weathered the battles that bitcoin has. They may do so in the future.... but by then, bitcoin will have already been more battle hardened and resilient on top of amassing a greater blockchain if transactions . 
The likelihood of the flaws of the USD causing its collapse are far greater than the odds of Bitcoin’s flaws causing its demise. 
@_date: 2017-12-27 04:41:31
Melissa Lee’s face when Ver said “insider trading is a non-crime” will forever be burned in my memory. She had this “are you effing kidding me?!” look and bcash hasnt regained back to that level of that moment.
@_date: 2017-12-11 03:44:05
What’s the harm? And how would u handle refunds? And how’s that different than today when they have your credit card number and name. Remember when Target got hacked? With bitcoin, your address can’t be hacked nor can your bitcoin keys.
@_date: 2017-12-04 19:35:19
Yeah? And what’s that other newer crypto’s blockchain going to be like? How can I trust it if it’s blockchain isn’t as battle-tested as BTC has been for nearly a decade? 
BTC has first mover advantage. And the data, and the battle-tested infrastructure. It is resilient and has earned its resilience thru time. A newer crypto may have all the bells and whistles.... but it still has to prove itself.... but if one hasn’t yet already , it’s because BTC has the advantage of an 8 year head start putting it light years ahead of other cryptos. 
@_date: 2017-12-05 08:45:18
At this point, government crackdown would be a sign of fear by governments that bitcoin poses a threat to it... which legitimizes and increases its value.
If by crackdown you mean regulation, that also serves to legitimize bitcoin... which increases its value. 
And yes, there are big old school investors looking to short Bitcoin. I recall sometime ago Kevin O’Leary from Shark Tank saying how he’s itching to short Bitcoin because currently there’s no mechanism to do it directly. 
The problem with attempting to short bitcoin is that, for reasons we all know after doing our due diligence about bitcoin, it will fail. Spectacularly. And the moment the shorts realize that, they will run to cover their shorts... which increases the price. 
I have yet to come across a substantive argument against bitcoin’s value and disruptive nature. For me, it’s not a question of IF bitcoin is successful. I believe it already is. And it has proved its resiliency.... (do we even talk about that apostate bcash anymore?).
Now it’s just a question of how long will it take for old school old money to realize they’re wrong and suddenly go long when they realize their short positions are going to lose them ALOT of money .
@_date: 2017-12-11 09:59:08
It’s still secure and private. 
Secure by locking in value that doesn’t need a central authority.
Private in that it’s still peer to peer AND no one knows how much BTC you exactly sent or received. All the ledger shows is that a transaction did happen. This may even facilitate leaner and efficient tax policy.
Edit: I know I know I know. Sorry i was still fuzzy on that detail about BTC spent being known.
@_date: 2017-12-05 08:33:19
Plot twist: those currencies will not be in government backed fiat.
@_date: 2017-12-11 10:03:29
But we do know the direction of fiat value will always be downwards. Bitcoin is just the first layer of what’s possible in a crypto world. Other cryptos can be built on top of what BTC has established ... perhaps something with that is infinite but not necessarily run by central bankers.  
@_date: 2018-09-16 19:44:58
Um.. ok sure. Add it in. It’ll still be less energy consumption than every single sovereign government. And then let’s factor in waste and inefficiencies of the computer component makers and compare that to the wastes and inefficiencies of governments.... and we’d STILL get a number that is less than the energy used by bitcoin. lol. Thanks? I guess. For giving my point more weight 
@_date: 2017-12-24 13:18:17
That’s like saying we should have already had streaming video, mobile internet, and MMORPGs 10 years after Arpanet. Patience will be rewarded. 
@_date: 2017-12-21 01:00:03
Yes I know Lee never bashed Bitcoin. I was being rhetorical. 
@_date: 2017-12-09 22:00:03
Neither. The futures is only for bitcoin core. Forks don’t get their respective futures contract. 
@_date: 2017-12-12 02:34:15
Ok let’s go with what you said.
With bitcoin currently being used by .01% of the world’s population, and the last bitcoin will be mined around 2130... can’t we reasonably conclude that we have no shortage of fools at all for the foreseeable future? thus giving confidence that the price will continue rising EVEN IF bitcoin has no purpose nor any real change in its properties. 
It still appears like a no brainer way to make money since even if we got to a full 1 % of greater fools, what stops that from turning that into 2% or then 4% or 8% or 16%. And with greater adoption comes
Greater price appreciation because what stops someone next year from investing $50 in fractions BTC when the price is $40,000 per BTC and global usage is just cracking the 1.5% Number. 
Even if your point is valid that BTC is useless, fools will be fools and will chase where the money appears to grow the easiest. Doesn’t look like we’ll have a shortage of fools for the foreseeable future. Why not jump on the bandwagon? 
@_date: 2017-12-09 10:44:21
Ding ding ding ding. Correct answer and your comment deserves gold. 
The “I can’t lose” incentive of mining while using futures as a hedge against the rising costs of mining WILL undoubtedly cause more people to mine. This may even boom more individual miners or mining pools to be setup where there aren’t any. 
Furthermore, more individual miners in the network decreases the chances of a 51% attack AND... since Andreas didn’t answer the forking question... allow me.
Miners would have less of an incentive to fork into another coin because there’s no futures to protect himself with. And for the time being, there’s only futures trading for bitcoin alone.
@_date: 2018-09-08 22:37:47
The fact that you have to ask that shows how much more you have to learn, young Padawan. Time, PoW hashing power, the block chain, and the network effect all make BTC the only king crypto... ever. Unless you can rewind time and build up a network with the same security and hashing power of BTC, along with its decentralized nature and permissionless open block chain, no other coin will ever topple BTC.
@_date: 2017-12-20 23:07:09
When he said this, bcash started dropping. He showed his true colors. No matter how good he tries hiding it, he can’t hold back how much of a douche he is. 
And he attacked Charlie Lee. Unforgivable 
Edit: near the end, Ver implies that Lee acted in bad faith and gave Bitcoin Core bad advice. I mean... who made Ver a mind reader? And did Lee ever say he’s out to capture market cap away from Bitcoin Core? What’s going on his head? Does Ver really think that everyone is out to get everyone and make cryptos one giant pissing contest?
Sure in Ver’s world, there’s conflicts of interest and bad blood... no such thing as cooperating and consensus and community building. Nope, not in Ver’s world. He is clearly projecting what he himself is doing: Ver against everyone. All that’s missing is for Ver to say the dreaded words in crypto: “trust me, my coin is better”.
Clearly he doesn’t understand the value of a true decentralized TRUSTLESS network. What a douche.
Edit2: I know Lee never bashed BTC. It’s a rhetorical question.
@_date: 2017-12-20 04:00:52
@_date: 2017-12-27 04:48:05
More likely as in zero dollars because there wont be a dollar, or a euro, or yen, or a pound, to measure BTC’s value.
Everything will just be BTC denominated. Commodities in BTC, services in BTC, whats left of the stock market in BTC.
@_date: 2017-12-05 16:45:07
Scaling is overrated. Patience. The tech will get better and with it, solution will come. And as BTC gets better, it reinforces its antifragile nature. Competing coins are still vying for true contested, battle-weary legitimacy 
@_date: 2017-12-07 21:01:27
USD’s flaws are not apparent because the Fed has, whether consciously or not, masked over those flaws with things like Quantative Easing and low interest rates. They have “patched” those flaws, just good enough to still maintain the dollar as the world’s reserve currency. 
The Treasury just keeps the printing presses going, and thinking we can just do that to pay off our national debt.
Congress continues to spend without an end in sight. We have a hypocritical party in charge who are effectively doing with this tax bill the very things they were against when Obama was president. 
“Full faith and credit in the United States government” is the shoe string that is keeping that green paper from being worth as much as a Zimbabwe dollar. And really, how much faith do u have? In any government? Where debt is just pushed off to the next generation, where a balanced budget is just a political talk talking point with no real plan on making it happen. 
The flaw you don’t see is hiding in plain sight. 
Now come Bitcoin......... a inflation-proof instrument to protect your wealth. Let me put it this way: you work for 30 years and accumulate a certain amount of USD. The time and work you put in to earning that USD loses value over time. Why should that happen? Why should the fruit of your hard work have less value over time? Inflation incentivizes a consumerism based economy that puts us into debt, which only makes the banks richer. 
With bitcoin, the fruit of your labor retains its value and purchasing power and even grows over time. It only makes sense that an instrument like Bitcoin requires a heavily complex system of mining to make it possible: the proof of work system and energy requirements. 
Your hard work carries over into bitcoin... protecting it against a system designed to get you to spend that purchasing power now rather than saving it. 
I understand that in a modern economy, goods and services ought to flow freely. But the protection of the value of our hard earned work should also be protected as well and should be focused on even more than incentivizing us to spend and spend and spend now while our USD is worth anything. 
USD is flawed by design. It’s worked so far, and yet the policy makers behind it did not protect us from financial crisis nor will they in the future. Bitcoin is the perfect answer to insulate yourself from that system that can collapse at any moment. 
@_date: 2018-09-17 15:07:59
Really? And why then did the US lose it’s triple A credit rating? Would any sane creditor give a government a good rating if it didn’t have a functioning government? Really? A functioning, well ENERGIZED, stable government is what results in a good rating... and that SAME energized and stable government is what BACKS those green papers in our wallets. Therefore.... the energy cost that makes it all possible must be taken into account. So.... there’s that 
@_date: 2017-12-01 10:39:34
Ding ding ding ding! 
Exactly!!! All these alt-coins, forks... it only reinforces bitcoin core as the prime coin. 
I see it like google. Google did one thing early on and it did it well and they were the first to do it: web searches. That’s it.
Others came along, like yahoo and altavista and got carried away adding other fancy bells and whistles to their sites but they didn’t do what google could regarding search. 
Search data was their product and google did it best as more users googled rather than used yahoo or altavista. After that, the growth just became exponential and predictable.
Bitcoin is the same. It’s value is the network and the users contributing to the network. It self-feeds it’s own value 
@_date: 2017-12-01 07:23:54
I mean... it makes sense, no? I’m hoping someone can poke holes in that article’s premise
@_date: 2017-12-01 10:47:01
A lot of weak hands got in over thanksgiving thru coinbase. With the service outages and price declines, I bet many are itching to sell at a loss but can’t because coinbase doesn’t complete their order for like a week or so. We shall see additional selling pressure this weekend. This is a buying opportunity 
@_date: 2017-12-10 06:30:03
SN is an alien who stopped by and dropped some wisdom at the time we needed it most. The 2008 financial crisis. 
SN’s predecessor stopped by some time before that to advise some rough and rude colonists to seperate themselves from the british empire. 
Before then, we had the Enlightenment.
And before that, SN’s predecessors were responsible for helping humanity build the pyramids, stone henge, invent the wheel, harness fire, and learn to read and write. 
@_date: 2017-12-09 11:09:33
IMO alts are looking better than forks. Alt coins now have an incentive to get their shit together and create stronger consensus within their own networks. Forking will be discouraged. The stronger the Alt networks get, the greater likelihood of a potential futures market for them: an ethereum futures, litecoin futures... etc. A coin would have to prove itself and it’s resiliency and it’s network value before institutions like the CME decide to make a futures product for it.
@_date: 2017-12-11 09:48:48
Know Your Customer laws
@_date: 2018-09-17 05:41:22
But we’re talking about what directly backs the currencies. PoW directly backs bitcoin. The miners and the nodes that confirm transactions and simultaneously mint new bitcoin. 
The direct backing of USD is in the phrase “full faith and credit of the US government”. It says so right there. The entire force and power of the government backs the dollars in your pocket. And any deterioration in any part of the government would weaken USD. Therefore... the entire thing backs USD. So then we must include it’s entire energy consumption compared to bitcoin. And yea... there’s more use cases to what energy does for governments..... but aren’t they immensely inefficient and wasteful in those other use cases as well?
@_date: 2017-12-21 00:32:12
Watch the video. Near the end he dares to compare Bcash as being better than litecoin. 
@_date: 2017-12-11 10:32:34
What’s the abuse that can be done with data that’s only about confirmed transactions? It’s like saying we can abuse data of highway traffic. How? All the data is showing is money flow. 
@_date: 2017-12-09 22:06:11
When there’s a fork, value isn’t being divided. This isn’t like a stock split. 
During a fork, a small network detaches itself from the main network. The main network is what the futures contracts will be betting on. NOT the offshoots. So in the event of a fork, using your example, there will be Bitcoin core... and from it will detach bitcoin A and Bitcoin B..... neither of them get impacted by the futures contracts. The futures don’t take them into consideration. The futures only bet on the price of bitcoin core.
@_date: 2017-12-11 05:10:42
At first it sounds scary. I see that. But that’s where we are now anyway with fiat. All of our financial transactions are there for the banks and the IRS to see. And we accept it and live it and play by the rules as best we can.
Bitcoin protects our value and the earned purchasing power of our 9-5 jobs. $400 earned this week will buy you the exact goods or even more in a few years. In fiat, inflation reduces the amount of goods your $400 can buy. 
Fiat is the true currency backed by nothing because every major government is in debt. Bitcoin has the blockchain and proof of work. 
In some ways, a bitcoin denominated economy is far more secure than what we have now. Everyone has to play by the rules... even the government 
@_date: 2018-09-17 21:31:32
@_date: 2019-07-12 00:39:03
Meanwhile... he’s trying to devalue USD to keep up a currency war against China and our competitors. Classic trump... says one thing, does the opposite
@_date: 2018-09-17 05:33:08
It is. USD is backed by guns. Therefore, take the entire energy consumption of the military industrial complex, the parts that go towards the us government, and then compare that to the energy consumption of PoW that backs bitcoin. Bitcoin still wins as the lesser consumer of energy.
@_date: 2017-12-26 22:33:45
Shitcoin hasn’t recovered since that infamous line “insider trading is a non-crime”. 
@_date: 2017-12-21 04:46:28
Here’s how. 
Roger fired the first shot. In the interview today, he didn’t have to question Lee’s motives. He could have left it at just saying Lee is free to do what he wants. But no, he took it a step further and made it appear as if Lee was taking on Bitcoin and knowingly giving bitcoin developers bad ideas. Lee never asserted that. Ever. So spreading a false narrative about a person’s work justifiably warrants Roger being on the receiving end of all this hatred going on now. 
And then going on national tv, in a financial news network, and blatantly saying that insider trading is a non-crime??? Really? So in Roger’s world, it’s perfectly ok for developers to sell their shit coins on an unsuspecting public even if they know or have reason to believe the market is overvaluing their coin? Such an action erodes confidence in the entire crypto sphere. He is taunting everyone while making himself appear as the true crypto visionary. 
@_date: 2017-12-27 04:37:32
Half true... in my opinion. 
Bitcoin adoption ought to be slow and steady. Fast adoption by speculators looking to make a quick buck congests the network before its ready for such volume. The positive is that the network gets tested and will improve as a result of the strain. The negative is that the naysayers will point to the congestion as evidence that bitcoin cant scale.
Regarding doing it on purpose to increase fees... i dont think so. Theres more reward in processing more transactions over a period of time rather trying to get as much as you can in the short term. Taking advantage of high fees tends to hurt the network’s integrity so i’d figure miners would choose the long term view and prefer lower consistent fees rather than wild upswings in fee prices that could all go away if people get fed up and go to a different coin. 
@_date: 2018-09-17 21:29:51
So if the US military were (for the sake of argument) rendered obsolete by some super advanced Russian/Chinese alliance that comprises of both a missile defense shield and first-attack capabilities, would the USD still be the world’s reserve currency? Face it... USD is backed by guns, by the US military might (which requires a lot of energy to maintain), in addition to the (as of now) stable Constitutional order (which also requires energy) that still keeps government going. If anyone one of the branches of government were compromised, USD would get dumped like bolivares. Hyper-inflation would occur and there goes “full faith and credit of the US government”. USD is backed by the confidence that every part of the federal government works. 
@_date: 2017-12-11 09:55:04
Call me naive but I believe a lot of the world’s problems arise from mistrust of one another. Governments don’t trust each other, even allies. Government don’t trust their people. People don’t trust each other. So we’ve created all these intermediaries to kind of get us on the same page but they don’t always work due to human error. 
Bitcoin removes all of that. I think governments will eventually realize its more efficient and less wasteful to use a trustless system like bitcoin that keeps everyone in line without having to use the threat of force to do so. 
Look at how much government spend on defense and enforcement. They do so because they don’t trust each other. Remove the reason to not trust and now you’re free to use your funds for more profitable endeavors that also maintain the peace WITHOUT the threat of force against life, liberty, and property .
@_date: 2017-12-22 00:16:47
Before this happens, Goldman will have to begin stocking up on Bitcoin and other alt-coins to provide liquidity. 
I predict new exchanges popping up to compete against Coinbase in the US. The last few days was just a disgrace... no actual candle chart all day. Who would trade going blind like that?
@_date: 2017-12-22 16:06:34
Decentralizion problems solved with a centralization approach? Mmmmm pass. 
@_date: 2017-12-11 05:36:24
Cash only businesses. Cash only peer to peer transactions. Whose measuring that? Whose tracking that? There’s still a great many amount of business being conducted in ways that can’t be measured. Credit cards, debit, pay pal, Venmo, square..... all of those point of sales devices gives businesses metadata from which they can extrapolate useful information about consumer trends. 
You CANT get that data from cash business or peer to peer transactions. Once that data migrated to the cryptoworld, there’s a wealth of metadata that is now accessible. Data is the new gold. 
@_date: 2017-12-11 10:46:03
Well that’s where Know Your Customer laws come into place. You could be free to use as many addresses as you like... but your ID will have to be attached to something. And since BTC amounts can be followed, it won’t be long before true ownership is established. But now we’re diverging into the fine details of how transactions will happen. We don’t know yet how this will happen. But it is possible. 
My belief is that a system that forces everyone to be honest and play by the rules actually disincentivizes  nefarious activity. There’s no need to be shady. Just buy what you want, pay your taxes. Done. Don’t waste anyone’s time beyond just confirming your transaction. 
Today, so much is spent on enforcement and investigation and deterrence because people aren’t trusted to play fairly with fiat. Bitcoin lessens that pool of people greatly. 
@_date: 2017-12-11 05:18:23
I understand. And it still is private. No one can know exactly how much was transacted. All everyone would see is the to and from from one address to another. And that’s what we’ve had on the blockchain since day one. 
Edit: I’m wrong on the no one can know true BTC amounts being transacted. Sorry everyone lol
@_date: 2017-12-13 23:27:13
I posted a Newsweek article from the mid 90’s about the internet and everything it was hyped to be able to do, but couldn’t. It was supposed to be so many things, and yet it wasn’t then and still isn’t today.
@_date: 2017-12-11 10:36:38
Nothing really. But u can still follow the money. And no money is truly anonymous. 
@_date: 2017-12-11 03:32:03
Keyword: data. 
Suddenly, we may soon have a better gauge on the health of the economy, something we now don’t have because a lot of commerce is still handled thru fiat cash which can’t be tracked or measured or quantified. With bitcoin and the blockchain ledger, economists and policy makers and big corporations can now have access to where and how money is being spent. 
By checking the ledger and the addresses and the to and fro of transactions, everyone can know where the money is flowing to and from. Imagine if we all knew the bitcoin addresses of Walmart, Macy’s, Apple, Boieng , Halliburton, GoldmanSachs... the ones they use to accept payments (assuming they give in to the accepting bitcoin in one way or another). This has vast implications for how money flows in our economy and democracy. Everything becomes more transparent. We can measure to a high degree of exactitude how much money goes into a campaign fund, how much is going to non-profits, how much is going to their overhead or how much is getting to the people who need the help. As we saw in All the President’s Men, bitcoin allows anyone to “follow the money”. This forces everyone and everything to be transparent. Finally, we can know who is getting what by checking the activity in the bitcoin addresses. We may not know exactly how much but we can follow the activity of the addresses. 
Edit: just to be clear, yes I know transacted amounts are shown in the public ledger. For those concerned about privacy, this is why we use multiple wallet addresses. There is still data in here that has value where as in the current system no one knows what’s going to whom or where. Bitcoin keeps everyone honest. A system where everyone plays by the rules produces data that is more valuable than a system where you must factor in a certain margin of error due to some players not playing by the rules or just not playing in the game all together.
@_date: 2018-09-16 18:55:43
You’re not taking into account the costs of governments. “Full faith and credit” of the government is what backs fiat money. Which means we have to factor in the energy cost of the entire government infrastructure: political, military, judicial, legislatures. It’s not just the costs of printing and minting that should be taken into account.
@_date: 2018-09-16 20:33:07
Point by point refute me then
@_date: 2017-12-12 16:09:00
By adoption I mean more people getting into the network. Even if they’re flippers, investors, or active users who buy and sell goods with it. And there really is no shortage of it. 
As u said, hundreds or thousands getting in. Let’s say 5000 new people get in every day. In a year that’s 1,825,000 new BTC participants a year but let’s just jump that to a cool 3 million a year. What’s total population? At that rate, how much longer till we get to even 3 billion out of the 7.3 billion? Ya see? We have room to go.
And unlike beanie babies or houses or tulips or even gold bars...... a new BTC investor can get in with $1 or $100 or the full bitcoin market price. Barrier to get in isn’t all that big. 
Successful investing is when money is put in BEFORE the potential becomes reality. Right now, I concede that there’s a hype about what cryptos can or can’t or will or will not do........ we don’t know the future. But looking at the past, we do know that fiat can’t go on as is. Global debt, inflation, corruption with private and central banks..... its a mess that gets us in a financial crisis every few years or so. 
Cryptos removes a lot of the potential for corruption when the trustless network requires everyone to play honest in order for the coin itself to be secure. Fraud still exists but it’s in the human layer of transactions... not in the structure of the network itself. That’s better than the faith in nothing that fiat currently has. 
@_date: 2017-12-09 10:55:14
I’ll take a stab at it. 
As he mentions that miners might use futures to protect themselves on the downside, this could create a greater economic incentive to be a miner. This has a few benefits such as decreasing the chance of a 51% attack if there are more individual miners and mining pools setup. Currently it’s very expensive to mine on your own due to energy costs but you could use futures to protect yourself or even make a gain during temporary downturns in the bitcoin market. The “i can’t lose” incentive to mine will encourage more mining. 
On the forks issue, miners in the network will have more of an incentive to have and maintain a greater consensus to stay in bitcoin core because that’s where they can use futures as protection... as a hedge. 
If they split off and mine their own new blockchain and coin, they don’t have futures to use as a hedge for that new fork. It’d be a lonely dark road and... well ok nothing is stopping them but good luck buddy on your new fork where there’s no futures instrument. 
And there won’t be one anytime soon because it’s not like the CME is going to start making new futures product for every new fork that springs up. That’d be madness. Bitcoin has first mover advantage. 
Therefore, we are likely to see LESS chances for forks. 
Someone correct me if I’m wrong on this. 
EDIT: correct me if I’m wrong but to my knowledge this is the first time there’s a futures product for a network rather than a commodity. Sure there’s pork bellies and oil barrels and fiat currencies but bitcoin futures is actually a futures contract that serves the network better. As mentioned above, it gives miners more reason to mine. This reinforces the network. It makes it stronger. It follows Metcalfe’s Law... a network becomes stronger and more valuable the bigger it gets. 
Sure we’re going to see some big whales try to use futures to short bitcoin, but as the network gets stronger and they see there’s more to gain on the direct buy side of investing in bitcoin rather than buying a futures long position, the value of bitcoin will go higher. Bitcoin futures primarily benefits the miners in this new market. They’d buy short futures contract NOT because they speculate it’ll go down to zero as Bitcoin’s skeptics believe. They’d buy as protection against volatility. Ultimately there’s more to be made on the long side which is where the miners’ interests are really at. Hedge funds will follow and buy bitcoin instead of a long bitcoin futures. 
@_date: 2017-12-22 01:14:53
It’s been like that since they rolled out Bcash. What a joke of an exchange 
@_date: 2018-09-16 18:57:02
Only for on-chain transactions. With secondary layer protocols, like LN, it is possible to carry out more transactions without having to expend energy for that transaction to be on the block chain directly. 
@_date: 2017-12-22 18:11:00
What if 56k modems is the best we can do? How am I supposed to support my website if the ads I depend on for revenue won’t load on a 56k modem dialup connection that my customers use? I guess i’ll pass. This internet protocol thing is not very good.
/s 
@_date: 2017-12-30 16:59:03
So then crypto needs to go after those companies. Decentralization all the way. 
@_date: 2018-09-17 05:36:44
And nearly all of those use cases are wasteful, inefficient, susceptible to corruption, and are central points of failure. So.... thanks? I guess. For pointing out who bitcoin’s PoW sole use case is more efficient than all the use cases of the alternative 
@_date: 2018-09-16 19:49:39
We still can compare the two. If we take into account the other uses of government infrastructure aside from making and backing money, there’s a LOT of waste and inefficiency. So then we ought to question governments’ authority to even do that. But then let’s only take into account the part of government infrastructure that backs money (which is all of it).... and then factor in the waste and inefficiency of that energy use............ we still come out with bitcoin being more efficient since PoW has the sole job of securing the network, confirming transactions, and making the blockchakn function in a decentralized trustless manner. We actually get more for our buck with bitcoin than we get with fiat. 
@_date: 2018-09-16 19:00:27
Bitcoin is made possible by electricity and mathematics. PoW.
USD is made possible by the “full faith and credit of the US government”. It is backed by the entirety of the government infrastructure. Therefore, the entire energy costs of the entire government must be taken into account. Otherwise, without no government infrastructure (military, political, judicial, legislative), USD would just be worthless scraps of green fabric/paper. 
Edit: 
@_date: 2017-12-01 03:27:42
Exactly. Everyone is expecting CME future to be bullish. And then we get a price run to 11000. I say even at these levels, that bullishness is priced in. Once futures trading happens, expect a sell off.... because naysayers are going to think they can use futures to short bitcoin. This will cause direct bitcoin investors (not futures traders) to sell off... 
@_date: 2017-12-01 11:10:09
Interesting. Thanks for the clarification. 
Still, bitcoin has nearly 10 years of its blockchain network. A competing coin would have to have something better than that to establish its legitimacy over bitcoin. Before FB, there were other social networks, notably MySpace. But it was still very very early in the social media space and FB did what others couldn’t... make social media cool and exclusive while collecting data that users freely gave to it, thus reinforcing its network. 
Digital forms of cash had been done before bitcoin. Most notably, online banking. But it relies on fiat currency. Bitcoin took the experience of transferring value and executing transactions across borders without that third party and addressed the double-spend problem. And the rest is history. I believe bitcoin is here to stay and reign supreme.
@_date: 2018-09-16 23:56:20
So taxing gives money value? By that definition, Zimbabwe dollars should be worth quite a nice amount since the government is there to tax its citizens...... oh but wait... there’s no faith in that government and that’s why no one wants Zimbabwe dollars. 
Furthermore, the phrase “full faith and credit of the US government” IS what makes USD have any value, NOT it’s ability to tax citizens. Any government can do that.... but USD has its place in the world BECAUSE of the “faith and credit” that its government is purported to have. Therefore, the entirety of the energy consumption of the government should be counted in comparing with bitcoin’s energy use. 
@_date: 2018-09-16 18:51:41
Care to elaborate on what’s wrong with including governments in the cost comparison?
@_date: 2017-12-11 09:56:02
Better than losing my purchasing power. Why should the value of the time I put into hard work have less buying power over time ?
@_date: 2017-12-11 10:33:53
And how long does tracking it take for law enforcement? Now compare that time and expense to a search done thru the blockchain. 
@_date: 2018-09-17 12:53:33
Right. That credit rating is based on the trust placed on a government’s ability to function correctly. It’s still the same thing: trust and faith in a government to make good on their debts. Zimbabwe doesn’t have a reliable trustworthy government infrastructure to do anything. Therefore... no faith, no value in its money. The US has the infrastructure to make good on its obligations, and that ability, that energy to do so, makes it possible and thus BACKS u.s. dollars. Therefore..... the energy to do so must be taken into account. 
@_date: 2019-07-01 17:42:29
When I first read that mining bitcoin involved doing heavy mathematical work, I literally thought i’d have to get a pencil and paper to do math problems while my machine was doing the calculations. Lol. I’ve come a long way since that early stage of my bitcoin-believer life.
@_date: 2018-08-12 06:48:12
Just a thought....what stops Wall Street from hardforking bitcoin and starting their own chain? They can’t control the bitcoin network we all love and know. But they also can’t just start a new Wall Street coin or fed-coin due to the costs and lack of infrastructure to “mine” such coins. It’d be far cheaper to just do what that that other coin-that-shall-not-be-names and call it the “real” bitcoin, one that they control and can alter consensus rules as they see fit. It won’t work ..... but they won’t know it until they try it. In any case, I think it’s still a good reason to buy bitcoin now and have direct ownership of the keys in the event that such a Wall Street backed-bitcoin hardfork occurs. 
@_date: 2018-08-29 12:51:18
Who would sue who? No one owns an entire open block chain crypto. Who would even have legal standing to do this and not be laughed out of court? 
@_date: 2018-08-18 16:44:23
Hey , respond the post. Or accept that you’re an idiot. Notice the topic was about bitcoin and the asic chips for bitcoin and nothing else was mentioned about any other coin? Worst critical reading skills ever. 
@_date: 2018-05-27 18:56:59
“Secure enough” is not the standard by which we should determine a crypto’s security and viability. “Secure enough” incentivizes a bad actor to accumulate just enough resources to compromise the “secure enough” alt-coin. They might get better over time.... but will users continue to use the alt-coin breach after breach until there’s enough nodes? And won’t that limit the functionality of whatever feature the alt-coin is trying to offer? 
The indirect costs i listed are not indirect at all. They are directly tied to the transactions being processed by the banks and their entire infrastructure.  The ones you’re listing are outside of BTC and aren’t needed as businesses. I can personally run a node, mine BTC through a pool, and use bitcoin through my wallet app. I don’t need to be a business with energy overhead to account for .  Should we then include the energy costs of businesses that have credit card machines?
@_date: 2018-05-08 02:26:38
He has no incentive to truly research it himself. He won’t live to see the dawn of an era where decentralized applications have matured and become engrained in globalized society. Buffet  still thinks in terms of CEO’s, corporate leadership, board of directors, authority figures to hold accountable. He can control those guys and in return he gets profits. Understanding bitcoin would require him to undo his entire understanding of value without centralized hierarchies. So to him, anything challenging the ideas that made him rich just aren’t worth investing in or researching. He can comfortably say he doesn’t know it or understand it and still bash it. He won’t be around to have to answer why he was wrong. 
@_date: 2018-05-28 16:34:35
But what if OP’s “clean” piss shows he’s menopausal and has osteoporosis?
@_date: 2018-08-21 03:20:52
We thought you turned into a toad!
@_date: 2018-05-15 14:04:34
Will these bitcoin startups go to Congress and demand a taxpayer bailout if they fail? Ok then. 
Working in Wall Street’s neighborhood is essential to change the centralized financial system from within. 
@_date: 2018-05-17 23:03:52
It’s not that difficult. I have such a system in place if somethi 
@_date: 2018-05-22 04:11:36
Isn’t it misleading to use active addresses as a metric to measure network growth/activity? 
Exchanges that are batching transactions would give the appearance of lower address activity compared to December 2017 when they weren’t batching them and were processing transactions address by address. 
Then there’s Lightning Network transactions which are happening off the main bitcoin blockchain. How do we account for all the activity occurring on LN that is not getting settled on the BTC addresses at a daily rate as they were before LN went live? 
If and when LN takes off, there will be less active addresses since increased transactions will occurring back n forth on LN before they finally settle and are confirmed on the address and blockchain. And yet...... LN will be moving more money around that was ever being movEd in December 2017. 
I’d take this Medium post with a grain of salt. 
@_date: 2018-05-14 00:34:01
In this scenario.... the original terms would have been a loan of the apple. 
Lending a system or object of value with the purpose of obtaining something else would then render the agreement in terms of the value of when the loan was made and the value of the objects being lent. 
In an economy where BTC is hypothetically still as volatile and expanding in value, it would be common knowledge that loan terms would be defined not in being paid back in BTC, but rather in what BTC could buy at the time given its value at the time. So if I borrowed 1 BTC from you in 2009 to buy an apple, you get back the value of the apple in BTC today. Loans can not increase in value except through adjustable interest rates. And no one should be stupid enough to sign a loan in terms saying they’d pay back in BTC. They ought to pay back the value or purchasing power of what the loan was used for. 
Loan for an apple plus 20% in 2009? Ok... you get back what an apple is worth today in BTC plus your 20%. 
Nice try though. 
In the event of a mortgage loan priced in BTC, I wouldn’t pay back the appreciated value of BTC. Instead i’d pay the loan back in terms of what I earn today in relation to the value of the loan of the day I took that loan. 
No system of lending would ever exist where the value of the loan itself increases at the expense of the borrower. The value of the asset that the loan bought could increase, but never the loan itself. 
Edit: furthermore, BTC is not meant to be the only crypto. Other inflationary cryptos could exist to create some price stability in the market for goods and services. BTC is meant to be the first and currently most secure network as an alternative to monetary systems runs by human decisions and politics. Remove human decisions and politics and replace it with math and decentralized networks. 
With increased BTC adoption comes price stability. So your scenario is less likely to happen in such interest rate extremes.
@_date: 2018-05-16 01:16:15
Fiat has been convenient/stable/trustable because the threat of force made it so.  Remove the threat of force and the “convenience/stability/trustworthiness” goes away when people have choices.
Look at Zimbabwe, Venezuela, and just about every country where there are tight controls on what money people are allowed to use. 
@_date: 2018-05-23 11:28:47
The USD can’t possibly have a major weakness, right?
@_date: 2018-05-30 04:33:17
Fairest???????? What’s fair about making germany’s economy pay for and bail out the debts of Greece and Italy? GTFO
@_date: 2018-05-23 10:17:09
Zimbabwe 
@_date: 2018-05-11 11:28:33
Less people mining readjusts the difficulty and cost of mining enough that it re-encourages miners to fire up their rigs. 
@_date: 2018-05-14 00:07:05
So.... is the value of our purchasing power dictated by the Fed and a hyper-partisan Congress a good monetary system? How many financial crisis have resulted from this model? Perhaps it’s time for something different.
@_date: 2018-05-23 11:27:20
So the euro is rock solid, right?
@_date: 2018-05-11 11:05:45
Love the tie... but earlier in that same interview, he refused to acknowledge that the girl in that failed startup was a fraud. She effectively lied about what her tech could do with blood analysis and yet he defends her for being brave to launch her startup. 
Just because she tried doesn’t justify her fraud. Anyway.... bitcoin works though. Perfect example of a system that doesn’t require a single human figurehead to run things. 
Consensus or gtfo 
@_date: 2018-05-17 04:50:39
Efficient mining and more asic producing companies will increase the network effect of BTC. With a greater network comes more decentralization. With greater decentralization, more security is the result. 
Security is a major factor in the price. 
The last mined BTC will have to be worth a lot so that it’s divided at an amount that adequately compensates that lucky pool of miners who get the reward. Nobody can put a number on what the price will be since we don’t know the status and shape of what commerce will be like in the year 2140. 
Hopefully...... we will have moved on from soveriegn borders and jurisdictions and we’ll have some sort of unified consensus driven governance throughout every city and village in the world. 
@_date: 2018-05-08 19:09:19
When adding power consumption, you have to add the power of their buildings and offices, atms, employee’s consumption during work hours, banking servers, and then add in the power of central banks.... and then the credit card companies... oh and the credit bureaus. 
Just the banks consume 100 twh per year.
Bitcoin consumes 29 twh per year. 
So... there’s that. 
@_date: 2018-08-21 04:32:18
1. but nothing is stopping them except their choice to just not take it. theres no practical reason why they couldn't take it. after all, they have confiscated it in some occasions and its in their possession and it has some value. the only reason they don't take it is because the political will hasn't compelled them to do so but there isn't really a practical reason why it wouldn't work. the Arizona legislature tried this but it was vetoed by the governor. it wont be the last time this will happen.
2.    the currency or asset label kind of misleads understanding the value of bitcoin. because of its small usage among the global population, it doesn't act like a traditional currency except that I just used it the other day to pay back a friend for a favor. I could have used USD, but he accepted btc. the exchange was no different than exchanging USD bills. in practical terms, in peer-to-peer scales, it works fine as a currency. it also happens to work fine as an asset for those who prefer to hodl rather than spend in the same way that many are more focused on saving their USD in a savings account rather than spending it.
3. something curious happened during the 2008 crisis. between march (when Bear Sterns collapsed) and October (Lehman bankruptcy), the dollar rose while gold sold off. how is it that during a financial crisis, gold was not perceived as a safe haven while the dollar rose during those tumultuous months? anyway, we don't know yet how bitcoin demand will behave during a financial crisis. you mention functionality and while many debate what bitcoin brings to the table in terms of functionality, i'll wager that what it brings is financial truth. that is its functionality: financial truth, backed by a history of confirmed transactions recorded on the blockchain. that single feature has more use than the purported truth value of many assets during a financial crisis. in such an event, the truth value of many assets would fall into question; will the USD still have its global clout as the reserve currency? will gold or gold certificates be easily transferable? will stock prices accurately represent the real value of public companies? will government bonds really have any real support ensuring their redemption? only bitcoin retains its truth value based on real market demand of the time. bitcoin's value will be what the market says it is. the same cant be said about all the other assets which will either be propped up or devalued depending on necessity. 
4. since bitoin is still early technology, the financial freedom of independence it provides comes with great responsibility. those who take the appropriate measure to safeguard their keys will NEVER lose their bitcoin nor will their address ever be hacked. those who choose to keep their bitcoin on an exchange or thru a custodial service are exposed to hacking risks. but I, as many others, can fully attest that my bitcoin in my wallets are 100% securely safe from hacks because I take my responsibility over safeguarding my keys seriously. this is still early tech... and the fact that I don't need a third party verifier is a feature I want since I want to be in control of my financial independence. 
5. I think I touched on this earlier since we don't yet know how bitcoin will behave in a financial crisis. chances are that, with the exception of USD, a financial crisis in any other part of the world will coincide with the devaluation of the respective foreign currency. by default, their BTC to foreign currency exchange rate will go up and BTC may be the preferred medium of exchange over the local currency. 
6. blockchain in and of itself is inefficient and slow. its basically a techy version of chain of evidence record-keeping. private blockchains are meaningless since the private entity is doing the validating of the blocks, but then again, don't we expect a private company to be truthful to itself? and a state blockchain crypto would fail miserably because its security wont be as tested in the wild as bitcoin has been. whose doing the block validations? some government agency running the nodes? hows that different than central banks with their various  regional offices throughout the country? a state crypto that is NOT an open-blockchain would be a failure. 
@_date: 2018-05-28 17:30:28
Which is why FedCoin, world bankCoin, chase-Goldman-citi-BoA-coin, or even FB-coin, Amazon-coin, or even BerkshireCoin won’t even be a thing. Too centralized. Private blockchain. Central point of failures. To really be competitive to bitcoin will mean they will have to give up a considerable amount of their power and to distribute it in an open-source protocol. But when a ceo, board of directors, corporation has power, they are less likely to let go of any of it. Their reluctance to give up power will be what makes them obsolete 
@_date: 2018-05-17 21:52:05
Could this mean that one day.... the entirety of ETH could merge with BTC as a sidechain? I'm probably wrong but the thought of it is fun.
@_date: 2018-05-14 01:39:56
1 crisis is enough to not be acceptable. And when these financial crisis happen, do the ones who caused it suffer any real consequence? Or is it those at the bottom of the economic pyramid who had no power or say in the decision-making? 
Ok then. Time for something else.
@_date: 2018-05-17 22:11:31
and magnitudes more harm to society.
its fiat currency that encourages loose monetary policy, which the big banks take advantage of by doing what they do best.... making money off of suckers on both sides of every trade. 
then they create derivatives products to lure in more stupid money. 
then when those products lose steam, a crisis happens and then they go running back to the central banks, the lenders of last resort, and demand a tax bailout. at the expense of the taxpayer. and this also has the annoying little aspect of driving up the debt of the nation. 
now lets add the energy consumption of all of that and see if its 'utility' is better than bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-05-09 01:48:09
It proved to be a good buying point when Jamie Dimon called it a fraud. So... there’s that. I bought the moment I heard him say it on live tv. 
@_date: 2018-05-23 11:54:08
At less than 1% of global adoption, it is nowhere near mainstream. 
So even if this were a fool’s game, you’re a fool for missing out if this went “mainstream”. Mainstream would be something close to 10% of global usage. So if the price is where it is now, at current adoption, imagine where it’ll be even if we get to 6% adoption. 
Still better than USD or the Euro. 
So.... there’s that. 
@_date: 2018-05-17 21:57:17
for the longest time, the main criticism of bitcoin has been that its decentralized nature is too slow to ever be efficient and cant compete against banks and credit card companies. then came the massive wave of unconfirmed transactions because LN wasn't a reality and very few were using Segwit. 
ultimately it will come down to a cost benefit analysis. if BTC is to gain wider adoption, more people need to physically see how easy and cheaper it is to use while still keeping true to its decentralized structure. 
@_date: 2018-05-30 04:28:39
But don’t we accept volatility in prices of other every day goods? Gasoline is far from stable, as we have seen these past few months. Orange juice and pork bellies also experience volatility during certain events. The reason the volatility isn’t 10% one week and then plus or minus 20% the next week with gasoline, OJ, or pork bellies is because those commodities are everywhere and used by everyone. And yet, they do experience fluctuations, and those fluctuations are expressed in changing prices everyday. So although a sandwich isn’t as volatile, other commodities are and yet they’re priced in dollars and we as a society accept these swings. 
Bitcoin is far from being widely adopted and used. So of course it will be volatile when measured against USD. I bet if we looked through history during the begining days of commodities futures trading, we would see wild price swings...... and yet we still accepted it and the prices stabilized as the commodities were used by everyone . 
Edit: now you might says things like gasoline, OJ, and pork bellies have actual uses. Well bitcoin is a commodity but one that hasn’t been used to its full potential just yet. It’s a lot of things packed into one thing: it’s a store of value, it’s a payment transmitter, it’s a platform for off-chain solutions and apps like smart contracts, it’s an immutable ledger of truth.  And it does all those things in a decentralized manner. There are many uses it could have and we have yet to fully see what it’s capable of. 
@_date: 2018-05-28 15:34:04
Although it only went live recently, LN has already shown enough promise to have the capacity to handle millions of transactions off of the main chain. That in itself could prove that a decentralized network can scale to the speed of banks and credit card companies. It’s still too early to knock it but as is the case with technology, doing more with less is often achieved when there’s a financial incentive to make it so.
What good is financial advice, loans, fraud protection when history has proven that banks can and will use every opportunity to squeeze their customers for more money and fees. What good is the amount they invest in security when not a month goes by where we don’t hear about some data leak or security break of some bank or financial institution. What’s the power cost of that?
As I said somewhere before, what we’re really paying for in BTC is the security it provides. It’s worth the energy cost. My BTC in my wallet is safe. I can’t say the same about a banking transaction. There could be a hack. My info is leaked. New accounts opened in my name. The bank could make an error. Freeze my account. Now it’s on me to prove it’s their mistake. How about bad financial advice? Predatory loans? Wells Fargo fraud. How about the fraud perpetrated by them, of which they are gladly to just pay the fine as Jamie Dimon famously said: ‘just fine us. We can afford it’. Is the energy cost of that really worth it?
Or.... we can give decentralized networks a chance as bitcoin is adopting second layer solutions to be able to scale at millions of transactions in less time while remaining decentralized. Do more, with less. Other alt-coins and smart contract platforms can perhaps handle the other financial stuff.... but the security of the bitcoin network is worth the energy expense compared to what the banking industry does with their energy expense. 
@_date: 2018-08-14 13:27:01
The problem is that as the Lira went down, the dollar went up. When the dollar, which has more power and influence than the Lira, goes up, bitcoin will go down lower. That’s why that post-turkey news that gave that little btc pump was short-lived. 
@_date: 2018-05-25 02:16:19
Stability is when 1 satoshi equals one US Cent.
@_date: 2018-05-31 15:33:47
we are nano size
@_date: 2018-08-21 03:15:34
So what are you doing here? Where did this sudden care and concern for stranger redditors come from? Trying to save us from what we already voted for with our money? What do u get out of posting shit like this?
@_date: 2018-05-27 13:42:18
Right. So all of that power being used on the weekends or nights must still be taken into account when we compare a banking transaction like with  a debit/credit card to the energy costs of a BTC transaction. 
A debit/credit card transaction needs all of those things to be on, even if they’re not powered on for the sole reason of confirming a banking transaction. Banks need security guards. Machines need to be on Incase they need to be used remotely. J.P. Morgan chase is involved in much more than just traditional banking but they can’t just give electricity to their atms and transaction services and count it apart from the other stuff they do. I can’t do banking with Chase without Chase having to keep everything else running 24/7 that also powers all the others things. Count all of that and it’s still more than BTC. 
@_date: 2018-05-17 22:41:27
following your analogy, if there were a system that ensured homegrown food was 99.99% free of disease, germs, salmonella.... and it keeps the authority figure out of the equation, then why not go for that?  relying on some sort of authority to punish bad actors so we can trust the system doesn't work if that authority figure can be corrupted or if the authority figure itself makes mistakes. trusting an authority may create efficiencies but when it gets something wrong, then things get really messy for a lot of people.
granted, yes there are a bunch of newbs who aren't responsible with their own passwords and keys. that's why there needs to be more education on this matter. the thought behind bitcoin and security is that if you really care about your wealth, and don't want to trust an authority figure (like a government, bank) because of legitimate fears of corrupt confiscation or criminal theft, then its on you to take the extra steps to secure your BTC funds.
and that is also what justifies the price. the network itself has already put in the work and energy to establish a network that is virtually hacker-proof where no amount of brute force hacking is realistically possible anymore to hack into wallets. a 51% attack gets less likelier every day as more miners join the network. 
a mt gox incident is an example of the fault lying with the user. true BTC users know that you should never keep your BTC in an exchange. just like we don't keep our savings in an ETF or a single stock. you keep it in your own pocket, your bank account.....or in the case of BTC, your own BTC wallet. know your keys, protect your password. 
@_date: 2018-05-28 13:59:04
Wait what wait..... what was the point of linking the Hackernoon article? The author supports my view that bitcoin is, and will be, more efficient.
“Even if only 30% of banks electricity consumption was the comparable part to Bitcoin, that will still make Bitcoin more efficient.”
I mean..... mic drop. Thanks for giving my argument ammo, I guess?
But let’s continue.
Civil and criminal disputes are direct costs when there are circumstances that arise from transactions not being processed for one reason or another. For example, let’s say the bank is at fault for some reason for closing my account. I can dispute that action since it’s a direct result from some transaction I may have done that the bank didn’t like or unjustly used as a pretext to close my account. Then there’s the classic human error somewhere in the chain of management. Or in the case of stolen identity, a hacked account, someone using my debit card... resolving those things takes time. Do I get to take the bank to court during a data breach that affected my transactions? That’s a direct cost that involves energy consumption. 
The entire security apparatus of the bank is necessary to process my transactions. I can’t just do banking with a bank that doesn’t have proper cyber security, someone keeping an eye on the data centers processing my transaction, or that doesn’t have some system in place to make sure the bank teller I give my info to isn’t going to do something bad with it. There are multiple layers of security purposes to ensure each transaction should go smoothly..... that’s a direct cost. That atm doesn’t have a single fiber cable connection straight to the bank’s data servers. There are costs to ensure that it is secure at every relay and then more security at the servers itself. Those are direct costs that make my transactions possible. No sane person would do their transactions with a bank that didn’t have all of these security protocols in place, not in this modern age. 
@_date: 2018-05-11 15:11:27
As in... they have enough to mine with given how much money they have to invest in a rig. Not everyone who wants to mine can afford the upfront cost.
I should have been more clear on that. 
@_date: 2018-05-25 02:05:46
the source is that the bitcoin project that satoshi started is open source to begin with. There’s no patent on it. Anyone can use it, anyone can tinker with it. There is no original vision. Open source projects are designed to be altered and improved upon. Therefore, disagreements are a feature, not a bug. And the group that disagrees from the original group are free to develop their own chain in a hard fork. The market determines which group should be valued the most and currently it’s the group that has achieved the greatest concentration of global consensus. 
@_date: 2018-05-30 04:35:23
The market has spoken. Those who are wise and with foresight will have listened.
@_date: 2018-05-26 00:39:39
No. But here’s a theory that may get me downvoted.
The original 1 million BTC in Satoshi’s possession, in that first address, may one day get released. But not before 2110. My personal, unfounded, hypothetical guess is the keys have been given to someone who will give it to a third generation who will then move the coins from that address. Maybe just one... or a few... but not the whole thing. Why?
Maybe in 2110, BTC will have become so huge in price but, as is always the case in free market economics, the rich and elite will have amassed many of the BTC in circulation. Everyone else will be using Satoshis but never whole BTC. Power will be concentrated in the hands of a few...... and just like the internet, what was once decentralized will bring about centralized entities in the cryptosphere. 
To knock these elites down a peg, the BTC in the original address will be moved around.... thus scaring the entire market and quite possibly crashing the market in 2110. Why 2110? Because everyone will be able to deduce that it can’t have been satoshi himself who moved the coins since he’d be dead by then. The ones who move the coins in 2110 will have been entrusted heirs of the original private keys..... who were mandated to move the original coins around as a way to intentionally destabilize the crypto economy and shut down the few centralized entities. It’d kind of act as a soft reset to the whole system..... reminding everyone that crypto is about decentralization and wider economic freedom that should be available to all.... and not in the hands of a few.
I know this line of thinking is WAYYYYYY out there so.... I expect the wave of downvotes. Ouch. 
@_date: 2018-05-27 13:32:46
Their utility will be reduced. My crypto wallet can already do a few things that a bank can. It can send and receive funds from anywhere in the world. I just did a transaction for 6 cents last night. Western union would have charged me $20. Bank of America couldn’t do it because there isn’t a Bank of America in the area I sent it to so my friend can’t just open a bank account to get it thru a wire transfer. 
It also secures my funds and only I know the keys. I don’t need to trust a bank to hold it for me. And I don’t need to input my ss, DOB, license info to setup my bitcoin wallet. So no fear of a data leaks. 
Coinbase is an exchange so of course they have to become like a bank because for many people, it’s the easiest and more convenient step into getting cryptocurrency. That’s NOT the way it should be since it’s told over and over again that it’s better to earn and work for crypto than to buy it. Ultimately, coinbase will be compromised one day.... or will cease to exist when decentralized exchanges become more widespread. 
Blockchain without a cryptocurrency is just a fancy database. It’s just a buzzword they keep using. Without a cryptocurrency financial economic incentive to keep the blockchain honest, I doubt financial businesses will find much use for it.
@_date: 2018-05-20 21:06:42
I never paid in crypto. I paid with a credit card. And I got back that amount and then some by December.... anything I get now is just profit.
@_date: 2018-05-22 21:38:47
GameStop-ICO. DApp that runs on RSK that connects players with other players. Exchanged used games with each other or with a GameStop store where you’ll get more credit and early access to DLC. 
@_date: 2018-05-16 01:20:26
OP didn’t take into account inflation. So by 2140, when the 21 millionth BTC will be mined, that $13 trillion should be much more. Which then means the value of cryptos should be much more. 
@_date: 2018-05-31 13:30:02
@_date: 2018-05-14 14:42:24
Supreme Court just ruled states can regulate their own laws regarding sports betting. Imagine the potential with crypto-enabled sports betting. 
@_date: 2018-05-11 11:14:49
What goes up must go down. GPU sales for crypto can’t be realistically expected to go up every single quarter. If I buy GPU’s today for crypto, I won’t need another one until this one dies out. It doesn’t mean that crypto mining is dying... it means everyone who wanted to mine and had the resources to mine already gobbled up as much GPU as Nvidia could produce it. So of course they expect a decline in sales....... everyone already has enough GPU to mine with. 
It’s the same with the cyclical rate of  smart phone sales. When Taiwan Semiconductor says there’s a slow down in mobile, does that mean the world suddenly decided to go back to rotary phones at home? 
Same with GPU’s. Mining is still going strong. In fact, prospective miners should take any dip in GPU price as a way to get in. 
@_date: 2018-05-20 01:56:25
There’s still enough bitcoin to go around. Given that it can be broken down into fractions, everyone can get it at some price level relative to the value of the fiat currency of their country. It’s also recommended for people to earn their bitcoin... not to buy it off an exchange. The poor and middle class could gradually work for BTC rather than fiat... for example, people in Venezuela and Zimbabwe are better off getting paid in BTC than in the local currency. Add that effect to other countries with unstable governments and you get the unbanked become the self-banked. 
Idk if that was 100 words or less. 
@_date: 2018-05-17 21:48:33
theres a reason for the term shitcoin. 
these are primarily made for the purpose of trading, pump n dumping, exit scamming. someone with more time than me could add up the amount of money put into these shitcoins.... and once their shit is deemed as such, the money will escape and will go into established protocol coins... like BTC, ETH, Monero, Dash. 
@_date: 2018-05-11 23:09:45
Key sentence:
“If it’s defined in terms of commodities, it would be something you could trust,” he said.
This should be the next step in correctly pricing and valuing bitcoin. Instead of measuring it against USD, it ought to be measured in commodities it can buy, like oil and precious metals and food products. 
Today, everything is priced in USD bc everyone “trusts” it. But if that undeserved trust were to go elsewhere, like bitcoin, then the foundation of trust makes it the ideal form of money for the whole world. 
@_date: 2018-05-31 15:11:17
How’s that different than central banks that issue and mint new money? That’s the true comparison. The Fed has a target inflation rate which gets adjusted from time to time... and pump new money into the economy. The employees at the Fed don’t work for free... so they get paid something. 
Bitcoin is more efficient. No government agency, it processes transactions, it makes new money. Simple and consensus driven. 
@_date: 2018-05-09 01:50:05
Nice.... but it’s just a buzzword. No different than adding .com to the end of a company name. 
Blockchain without a crypto is basically a fancy database with a chain of evidence system. Will Facebook ever become decentralized? Not in your dreams. 
Nice try, Zuck. 
@_date: 2018-05-11 20:50:52
FB has some serious hurdles to overcome regarding privacy if they want their coin to be of any use. 
FB digital wallets on the fb app itself? How will that guard against privacy? Will the FB blockchain be open or will it be some gated community private blockchain with all the bells and whistles of crypto minus anonymity, security, and censorship resistant?
@_date: 2018-05-31 11:52:39
I’ve thought about this and yea.. AI in economics might help model more accurate predictions, but not everyone will be operating with the same AI. 
Banks will have their own AI. Credit card companies their own AI. Lenders will have their own.... and even central banks will have their own AI. 
But in a competitive economy, banks aren’t going to show their cards because they want to retain as much a competitive advantage as possible. So they won’t be upfront about what their AI is telling them.
Credit card companies will also be reticent to share their AI’s future insight. Same with lenders. 
And it’s not like the Fed is going to force private companies to share with them what their AIs are forecasting and see if it correlates with Fed AI. 
So in the end, it’s still all a guessing game between these economic power levers. 
It would be more efficient if they all adapted around a predictable inflationary/deflationary system like bitcoin. At least that part is no longer the x variable in their predictive formulas. Bitcoin is inflationary in the sense that it’s still producing more bitcoin. It is also deflationary because we already know ahead of time how much exactly there ever will be. Now it’s just a matter of measuring its value....... and as it’s value goes up, the effects of inflation/deflation stay in balance. 
@_date: 2018-05-23 11:30:19
And yet..... every time the media says bitcoin is dead... it’s still here. 
@_date: 2018-05-17 23:10:29
Bitcoin will continue to exist as both a store of value and as a medium of exchange. 
With cash, we can spend it or keep it in the bank. 
With Bitcoin, we have SegWit and Lightning Network which helps it act as an fast and cheap medium of exchange. And we have cold wallet storage for those who want to save/hodl for the long term. 
Things like Tether exist to act as a bridge between crypto and fiat. As cryptos gain in adoption, there will be less reliance on fiat. What I personally believe is that a lot of altcoins will die out since multilayer and sidechain upgrades are possible with bitcoin. For example, with Rootstock, developers can attach their ETH tokens and DApps to work with BTC as a sidechain. Imagine what that’ll do to the value when BTC has the functionality AND security of the defunct altcoins. 
@_date: 2018-05-28 19:52:30
Increased hashrate, more miners when more ASICS are produced by more than one company, and second layer tech like LN should address your security concerns. 
Your issues with power consumption are also addressed. Power consumption WILL increase. It has to. For the sake of security. But the rate of that increase may not be as fast as you’re fearing once tech like LN doesn’t burden the main chain. Idk how else to point this out. The main chain will be secure to do more with less: energy keeps the main chain going. More users requires more energy. More miners also require more energy but that energy will be distributed since there won’t be so many on chain transactions to process. Just whatever is settled off of LN. 
I mean. How can u be ok with 100Twh of the banking industry that for the sake of convenience also happens to fuck up the economy and burdens taxpayers every few years or so. You think they were too big to fail in 2008? They’re massive now.... and they’re up to their old tricks. So is 100Twh and it’s “efficiencies” really worth the pending crisis that will occur along with the energy requirements that will be needed to keep a recovery going? And the solution to the next crisis will be just to print more money and loosen monetary policy... which then makes the banks even bigger and then increase that 100Twh to whatever other number it will be because they will get bigger and bigger.... and will cause financial disaster one after the other. That’s good enough for you? That’s a good expense of the banks’ 100twh? 
@_date: 2018-05-27 00:37:16
Basic premise: stop saying price volatility makes BTC unusable. With way less than a single percentage point of the global population using it, of course it will be subject to wild swings. 
@_date: 2018-05-26 01:05:54
Isn’t what you’re initially describing essentially a hardfork? A private chain is basically a hardfork... is it not? Or are you proposing that a hardfork is possible while still maintaining the same consensus rules? But then.... one chain will have one type of valid blocks... and the private chain will have its own valid blocks. 
Same consensus rules-ish.......  but I don’t see how the coins generated from separate chains can merge without there being an issue. Using your runner analogy.... the faster runner may overtake the other runners.... but the faster runner still has his own feet, pace speed, rate of change in velocity.... so the faster runner B can never say his stats make him runner A. 
One the matter of Bitcoin Gold.... perhaps no one cares because it’s such a small network. 51% attacks shouldn’t be news when it happens to a small network in a field where computing power is easier to gather and organize for such an attack. Like bullies in the school yard.... it’s easier to pick on the scrawny kid, but much harder to pick on the bigger, stronger bully whose no longer a bully but yet still massively stronger. Nobody will really care if the scrawny kid gets beat up but it will be major news if and when the big guy gets a major hit. 
@_date: 2018-05-28 14:41:53
“The new protocol offers the best scaling solution to a problem that has plagued Bitcoin for months. With Lightning Network, people will no longer have to wait hours for transactions to be completed.
The added layer on bitcoin will enable the processing of millions of transactions per second. The network will also allow users to enjoy the security of decentralized blockchain without having to increase the size of a blockchain”
It only went live a few months ago which means it’s too early to knock it... but off chain solutions like LN prove that it’s possible to have millions of transactions that can be processed off of the main bitcoin blockchain... which is where the majority of the energy is being spent. This would further prove that a decentralized system like bitcoin can scale to the speed and security of banks and visa and even surpass them. And as the energy requirements of BTC increase, additional layer solutions would make it possible to do more with that energy expense at the base layer. 
The decentralized approach is better than the efficiencies of banks and visa since their centralized method is basically a central point of failure. The energy costs of securing their centralized data centers and servers and constantly needing upgrades and dealing with security and data leaks isn’t worth the energy costs. 
So I guess..... let’s wait and see. But as we have seen time and time again.... technology almost always matures to a point of doing more with less. Energy efficiencies are always found. Imagine how many Nintendo consoles are needed to compute the power of a Nintendo Switch? Imagine all of those plugged ac adaptors. But that’s not how tech scaled. We found a way to process more data with less power.
When we include a financial and economic incentive to making a decentralized network more energy efficient, don’t bet on tech not being able to scale to reach that goal. History has proven it’s possible. 
@_date: 2018-05-23 02:19:26
It’s like they didn’t learn 2008’s lessons... so we already know how this story ends, right boys? Hodl!
@_date: 2018-05-27 02:17:44
There’s a Bank of America building in NYC, right across Bryant Park. It’s the weekend. They’re not open for business. No one is inside. But yet, the computers are on. There’s a monitor/tv screen playing CNBC or CNN. The lobby lights are on. The desk lights are on. In the upper levels, there are office lights on here and there. How much electricity is being wasted in this one building alone?
There’s a Citibank in a suburb here in Long Island. Same thing. Lobby lights are on. Desk lights are on. Computer monitors are on, in standby mode. 
What for? So they can process my debt/credit card transaction that takes 3 days to clear? How much energy is spent on confirming that a check deposit is valid? Those little numbers at the bottom mean something. And someone or something is verifying it. 
And this is all just banking transactions. How much energy were the banks using when they were making and packaging mortgage backed securities? When they were handing out subprime loans like candy? And then betting against the packaged loans via credit default swaps? Gee I wonder how much of a carbon footprint that left behind. 
And who footed the bill when it all came crashing down? How much electricity did the banks use while they sold these complex financial products  that ultimately led to one of the worst financial crisis in modern history? 
If bitcoin is ever compromised, I don’t think Satoshi is going to come out of hiding and walk up to DC and ask for a bailout. 
EDIT: 
Oh and... Whose going to respond to the point about the shit banks do against regular people? How much electricity is consumed when they unjustly freeze someone’s account and it’s on the account holder to clarify any issue. How much in fines do the banks pay for violations? I bet the activity that caused those violations required someone at some point plugging in something to a power outlet. They weren’t  scamming people off with nothing more than regular pen and paper.
@_date: 2018-05-25 21:41:37
[one fucking time](
@_date: 2017-12-04 19:27:55
That is the best way to describe it. Bootstrapping. As the world goes digital, it only makes sense that the form in which we have conducted business since the dawn of civilization be replaced by an all-digital protocol that is both secure and, yes, scalable. People fret so much about being able to buy coffee with BTC. Why??? That’s like wanting to buy coffee with a nugget of gold during the Gold Rush when instead it pays to just sit on it and watch it appreciate in value as the world starts wrapping its head around it’s true value and practical applications. 
@_date: 2018-05-11 11:20:25
So evidently you don’t understand that just because there’s a slowdown in sales doesn’t necessarily mean a market is dying. There’s such a thing as cyclical sales. A big run up in sales always ensures a steep drop next quarter. It’s the law of big numbers. 
@_date: 2018-05-23 12:51:44
The comment above my original one pointed out how the energy cost of bitcoin serves a function. It’s to secure the network. And it’s done so in a manner that has kept it hack-free. To date, the bitcoin network  has never been compromised. 
Verge made a few compromises on security for the sake of efficiency.... and then it got hacked. Just goes to show that bitcoin’s pow may be energy intensive but it’s a necessity.... and still less wasteful than the energy consumed by private, commercial banks and government central bankers. 
@_date: 2018-05-19 20:01:34
Nobody???? Not one person? Not a single one? Careful with that alternate reality use of the word “nobody”. 
I used it. I bought things. I sell a service that receives LTC, ETH, and BTC. I have SegWit enabled on my wallets so it’s never a hassle getting paid. 
And there are many others as well. 
Nobody? Really really???? Not one person? So I guess the network has me to thank and they’re only processing my transactions.
@_date: 2018-05-28 14:08:27
But it call comes with the package. I can’t go to the bank and say “only use this amount of energy for my transaction. Don’t include all the other stuff you use energy for”. It’s all connected. I can’t go to chase bank and only expect them to only spend on the energy costs of my single transaction. They have to use a lot of energy to cover all their other stuff or else they won’t be a bank to begin with. I can’t get one without the other.  So whether I like it or not, my banking transactions are tied to the 100Twh consumed by banks. With bitcoin, last I checked somewhere in someone’s post, it’s at 50twh. 
So... banking is at 100Twh and can still screw over taxpayers in the event of another financial crisis and ask for a bailout now that Trump and the GOP are about to roll back the regulations put in place after 2008. (And imagine the energy consumption and waste during another financial crisis and aftermath).
But if bitcoin’s 50twh project fails.... thats it. There is no taxpayer bailout to save it. So which is better?
@_date: 2018-05-11 11:34:08
Then there’s also bitcoin futures that can be used by miners to maintain profitability during a short downturn in price.
@_date: 2018-05-23 11:56:33
What’s the euro 10 year chart?
What’s bitcoin’s 10 year chart? 
Ok then.
@_date: 2018-05-31 16:16:24
yes. no other coin or network will ever achieve a 51%Attack-proof PoW system. the tech has just amassed so much power up until now that any wannabe coin will be crushed. like evolution, the survival of the fittest ensures their continuation. Survival in crypto means having the power to secure the network. That power comes with energy and time. new coins just don't have the time-invested to comparably secure their network against the time and energy put in to current hashing hardware. 
where I disagree with the article is in its claim that decentralization is being threatened by few production of asics being in the hands of a few. this is true for now but will eventually no longer be true. Bitmain's monopoly will run into the wall of the laws of physics. eventually, other companies will have the resources to produce their own asics at equal to or even less than the costs of production incurred by bitmain. this may even cause a reduction in prices for asics as competition ramps up. 
this creates again the possibility for more miners to enter the network at less up front costs, thus creating more decentralization. 
@_date: 2018-05-27 13:21:25
Because then we can add finance news, blogs, online exchanges, dark pools, all of that to the traditional banking side and the resources they consume. And guess which side consumes more power. 
I don’t get how including your personal activity with crypto can be included since we’re just talking about mining. But sure... go ahead. Then we’ll also include the AC costs of all the trading firms who deal in bonds, foreign exchange, ripping people off... the usual stuff banks do. 
@_date: 2018-05-27 14:31:26
And what we get for that energy is better than what we get with what the 100Twh is being used for. 
@_date: 2018-05-31 13:09:57
Actually... it is.
That’s why the block reward is designed to be halved every four years. Network security comes as the result of the economic incentive miners have to process and confirm transactions. Security could come without there needing to be a halvening happening every 4 years. Why not just set a definite number of bitcoins that can be mined at an established rate. 
The 4 year halvening IS the monetary policy. And an economy can adapt itself around it. Tech and investments could still grow at a more efficient rate since we know the rate of monetary policy. It’s better than the guessing game we currently have among all the parties involved in the economy.
@_date: 2018-05-16 01:11:44
Bitcoin - doing more with less - growth in adoption
Bcash - doing less with more - gets removed off an exchange 
@_date: 2018-05-23 23:34:38
Chart needs updating. It fell as low as 6000 earlier this year.
Still believer in another bull run, though.
Hodl tight!
@_date: 2018-05-31 15:41:20
kinda like [Big Ricky's money]( from Better Call Saul.
don't worry, Ver. 'it's all good, man'
@_date: 2018-05-23 10:11:33
What’s Venezuela’s inflation rate? How About Zimbabwe? What happened to cash overnight in India and Greece? 
A few percentage points you say???? More like thousands. 
OP’s post was about political instability and how money is basically fucked by mismanagement. Which resulted in more than just a few percentage points in devaluation. People woke up and learned their cash would no longer be accepted anywhere. Yea I’m sure everyone will keep using this... 
@_date: 2018-05-25 22:42:53
Dollar reaching close to zero would be the result of a massive inflation event. Everything priced in USD would rise astronomically. The question would be what can wheelbarrows of USD buy in such a scenario? And in that scenario, BTC would be worth a considerable premium in Euros. BTC in $7k today would be worth much more if priced in near-zero USD. 
@_date: 2018-05-14 00:08:53
So then what are you doing here? Because it can’t be the goodness of your altruistic heart motivating you to comment here to prevent us from, in your opinion, losing our money. 
@_date: 2018-05-28 17:23:18
No. I expect the hashrate to go up. My personal way of valuing bitcoin is in its security. To ensure more users, and thus more LN nodes on the second layer, the main chain has to be secure. That calls for more hashrate. And isn’t the mining reward supposed to be halved like every 4 years or so? The reward gets lessened but yet the hashrate should go up. But the price of BTC should go up as a premium is paid for its security on the main chain which allows for second layer technologies to work off of it. BTC must be secure before LN can process millions of transactions. 
To be clear, I expect transactions to still be processed on the main chain. But it will only be settled transactions. The vast majority of BTC transactions  will be on LN or some other upper layer technology or side chain. We haven’t seen what’s possible with Rootstock smart contract yet but now that it too is on the main net, let’s wait and see. 
Miners will still get rewarded as the value of their fewer BTC continues to appreciate as the network gets bigger. . 
@_date: 2018-05-01 21:32:08
Wait a sec. how does using Japan as an example help your argument?
Hey 
Japan’s Yen is not a reserve currency of the world, therefore it’s debt levels don’t matter. Which then allows it to be remain functional. “Functional” is not a standard that the USD should aspire for. 
To say that government debt doesn’t matter would be like saying they can just print their way to solvency and it should be no issue whatsoever. But if that were the reality, then they should have already printed trillions of USD and have gotten rid of the debt earlier and perhaps the US would have gotten its triple A ratings back. 
A reserve currency like the US needs to have some value backing it up... not just the “we’ll only make good on the interest payments” forever argument. That doesn’t seem to work well whenever Congress debates raising the debt ceiling. Which itself is quite laughable because we have representatives debating something they don’t really understand. Which then puts a dent in the whole “faith and credit of the US government” part that supposedly gives the USD it’s value. 
Financial crisis happpen because of this mess of a monetary system where everyone just keeps kicking the ball down the hall, hoping it gets resolved in the next generation. But that’s an illusion. Not when China, Russia, and others see US debt levels as a major weakness which they can exploit by simply dumping their US treasury bonds. Once a sale like that happens like that....... you won’t be saying that debt doesn’t matter.  Not when the only response will be to print as much USD as possible, raising the prices of commodities everywhere..... including Bitcoin. 
@_date: 2018-05-28 19:07:00
As the rate of energy consumption of BTC increases but at a slower rate, I’m sure the energy cost to produce clean water should also go down since.... i repeat... tech gets better as they do more with less. The financial incentive to find a solution will result in efficiencies to producing clean water. And if banking goes the way of blockbuster, surely some of that energy can then be used on other industries and projects. 
BTC mining is a concern against the decentralized nature that BTC should be. But that’s the reality today. Bitmain will not have a monopoly on making ASICS forever. The laws of physics prevent that. Other producers will come to market and mining may once again be cheap enough and perhaps more energy efficient for regular people to mine again, thus decentralizing more of the mining network and decrease the concentration of these mining pools today. 
Regarding the original 1 million...... yea. That’s a trust we have to place in BTC.... and it’s the case with every other altcoin as well. That doesn’t stop people from putting their money in them. Just as many investors are ok with buying stock in an IPO even if the founders and first investors are holding a shit ton of stock that can be sold at a later day after the IPO. But BTC makes up for it by proving its network is antifragile, secure, decentralized as possible, and able to be used as a foundation for additional layer technologies if and when the developers feel it’s ready and secure. The security part will be judged when its finally out on the main eye which is why it took LN years to finally make it go live. Others like stellar might think their platform is “secure enough” and that might satisfy some but not others. The market will vote with its wallet. 
@_date: 2018-05-29 15:50:40
If the euro collapses, member states will have to make their own national currencies... OR, they can adopt crypto. But they won’t make their own nation coin because they don’t have the infrastructure and security to back their own nationcoin... so a cheaper option will be to just use bitcoin. 
@_date: 2018-08-19 19:10:18
Thank you!
And... yes! Exactly... which is why many, if not all, of the ICOs out there are destined to die. Many are trying to make a name for themselves rather than on focusing on open source tech that is at the heart of decentralization. Bitcoin proves it doesn’t need a known leader, a face, to succeed. All the more reason why many still hate it and refuse to adopt it....... the shadows are a better cushion for their lies whereas their lies are incompatible with the nature of bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-05-28 18:07:25
You don’t have to be a miner to run a node. You can have a node and not be a miner. Storage capacity is increasing while costs decrease. That answers that.
@_date: 2018-05-31 17:34:27
We can put those concerns to rest.
@_date: 2018-05-08 18:36:43
No. 
Regardless, comparing bitcoin to VISA isn’t a true comparison Bc bitcoin has functions that also undermine remittances and central banks. 
Add up the power consumption of Visa, master card, discover, American Express. 
Then add the power consumption of Western Union, Moneygram, PayPal, Square. 
Then add the power consumption of every commercial bank: Bank if America, Citibank, J.P. Morgan, etc.
Then add the power consumption of government central banks.
All of that still dwarfs bitcoin energy consumption. And yet with all the systems mentioned above, a transaction is still settled in 3 business days. Bitcoin is a few hours or less now with LN and SegWit.
@_date: 2018-05-28 21:06:14
How is it a false equivalence?
Bitcoin network processes transactions and makes the money. Actually it not only makes it but it does it in a secure manner that prevents double spending and fake bitcoins. 
It’s only fair then to compare it to a fiat money processor (banks) and the money producers (governments). You avoided the politics part but that’s essentially the bulk of what gives fiat it’s value. The energy costs of what makes a functional government is directly tied to the issuance of its money. Basically, it costs energy to keep a government going which then backs its money. 
Here’s a thought experiment: if tomorrow the world wakes up to a news alert that China and Russia have unveiled an impenetrable force field around their nations and that of their allies, thus rendering the might of the US military and NATO obsolete...... what do you think would happen to the USD in the forex markets? With the US military being rendered useless, there goes its power to stabilize its interests around the world. 
The point is, a government’s money is directly tied to its power. Therefore, the energy costs of making USD must also take into consideration the energy being used to keep the government going. Otherwise, without power, both political and military, the government cannot issue money that has any real value. It may as well just use some other nation’s currency because it can’t back up its own printed money.... like in Ecuador. 
Bitcoin processes transactions and also makes more bitcoin and there’s an energy cost to that. 
Fiat and cash transactions are processed by banks and credit card companies, which have an electrical consumption amount. But the fiat and cash itself and the system that gives it any backing is the government and the government itself needs energy to keep itself going. So it makes perfect sense to calculate both banks energy consumption and the government’s energy consumption.
@_date: 2018-05-09 01:16:56
Oh of course not.
Banks also gamble with clients money. And then seek a taxpayer bailout.
Banks create derivative financial products, and then bet on both sides of the trade. And then seek a taxpayer bailout when the losses get too big.
Banks also front-run each other, engage in pump n dump schemes, manipulate markets via dark pools, and even screw around with LIBOR rates... and then seek a taxpayer bailout when the losses accumulate.
So add up the power consumption of all of those banking practices that require a bailout when things don’t go as planned.
Bitcoin has never required a taxpayer bailout. 
So... there’s that. 
@_date: 2018-05-12 00:01:36
Decentralized encrypted physical address anonymizer. somebody get working on this. Screw amazon. 
@_date: 2018-05-20 22:38:24
Full faith and credit of global consensus and game theory mathematics. 
@_date: 2018-05-20 04:21:52
Those in western developed “free” economies take for granted their status as stable economies. But is that really the case? There are cracks forming at the seams... subtle at first but they’re happening. 
The EU has a few member states that aren’t in good shape... and could prove to be its Achilles heel. 
We still have yet to see the full effect of Brexit on the UK’s economy but things aren’t looking all that stable given the amount of regret going on and the dragging of their feet to fully implement Brexit.
The US has a massive vulnerability with its national debt. Enough that it had its credit rating reduced over political partisanship. That phrase “full faith and credit” of the government is starting to sound a bit hollow.
Therefore, the Euro and USD shouldn’t take their value for granted.... and BTC provides for a good hedge against their unlikely though not-impossible probability event of collapse. 
@_date: 2018-05-23 10:12:31
Here’s one
@_date: 2018-05-31 17:02:44
From a corporate perspective, would you expect anything less than competitive ruthlessness from a company whose job isnt to just give away mining machines for the sake of the crypto-revolution?
at the end of the day, Bitmain and its employees and managers need to eat today and tomorrow and will want to make a profit on what they produce.
however, I am not of the camp that believes that Bitmain is an Evil profit-making behemoth. They are a business after all. However, their business depends on two things:
1. people will want to keep mining cryptocurrencies and will need their asics
2. those cryptocurrencies need to be valuable enough for reason 1 to continue to be true for years and decades to come.
Although many make the argument that bitcoin, and a few other cryptos, are not decentralized because one company makes all the machines, the reality is that Bitmain wouldn't be stupid enough to shoot themselves in the foot by delegitimizing the goose that lays the golden eggs.
Although it doesn't look like it today, I believe that Bitmain knows that they cant hold on to their manufacturing monopoly forever... or even for a few years more. the longer they hold on to that monopoly, the greater they delegitimize the very thing that makes them rich. Decentralization.
no one will continue to mine coins if mining pools become more centralized than the network is comfortable with. with greater centralization comes greater suspicioun among the pools that collusion for a 51% might occur. and it is in bitmain's self-interest to not allow for that perception to taint the market. because if bitcoin becomes centralized, it loses its value and its security is compromised and there goes its value and the price will plummet since the likelihood of a 51% attack becomes likely. 
its not like bitmain is in the business of making other gadgets and products. their bread and butter are asics. in the goose that lays the golden egg scenario, their asics are NOT the goose... its decentralization and the consensus that comes as a result of it. if decentralization is compromised, the network cant achieve true trustless consensus, and then the goose (decentralized network) stops laying golden eggs. and then there goes Bitmain's entire business model.
Bitmain knows this. that their days are numbered. so ofcourse they are going to be ruthless now to get as much as they can out of their asics now because soon enough, other companies like Samsung are going to get into the asic game and will reduce the price of asics in the market. bitmain may still retain their lead but it will be lessened. 
think of it like the race between Apple and android for the tablet market. apple pioneered the touch-screen UI with its ipads and retained market leadership for a long time. but although more people prefer an ipad over an android tablet today, the reality is that the ipad has lost its dominance in market share compared to where it was in the beginning. time eventually allowed for other companies to make tablets at equal or cheaper cost of production than apple.
the same will happen with bitmain. eventually other companies will catch up and will be able to match and maybe even sell asics at lower margins than bitmain. bitmain will have to adjust and so will the miners because the goose that lays the golden eggs (decentralization) must never be compromised.  
@_date: 2018-05-31 16:02:02
yep. you got it. keep reading and researching. the tech behind the curtain is nothing short of amazing.
@_date: 2018-05-20 01:57:18
And the more miners there are in the network, the less of a chance of a 51% attack. 
@_date: 2018-05-17 21:39:47
and how about identity theft. or that Equifax hack. or the safety of your credit report. 
every year, we see reports of banks and corporations experiencing data breaches and hacks, where all sorts of customer sensitive info is leaked. i was a victim of the Target hack. my sister had her Chase account compromised. and there are millions more. 
the convenience you have of using your credit card and being able to make reverse charges, putting a hold on your card, comes at the expense of trusting someone else that they'll safe guard your private. you personally may not have suffered through an episode of identity theft where your license, ss number, address, and DOB are all leaked together where someone else can use all of that info together to apply for loans and other cards. its a nightmare
last i checked, i don't remember seeing someone's ID being stolen as a result of a BTC transaction. i was never asked for my address, my license number, my SS, my DOB when i began setting up my BTC wallet. i simply generate a username, a long password, generate the keys..... and done. ready to spend. 
IF my address is ever compromised, its my own fault...but even then, i never have to worry about my sensitive info... like SS and license... to get out there because it was never put in my BTC wallet address to begin with. 
the convenience of security beats out the "convenience" of trusting a third party who is a central point of failure, holding yours and everyone else's sensitive info. 
@_date: 2018-05-16 01:21:18
My argument is that I agree with you. 
@_date: 2018-05-18 03:02:15
I think so. 
ETH DApps could be ported over to work on RSK. And for those who want to stick with ETH, they are free to do so as well. Think of BTC as iOS and ETH as Android. Apps developed for android can be ported over to iOS. There’s enough room in the world for two crypto platforms. 
@_date: 2018-05-14 14:57:43
Once the regulations get sorted out, expect sports betting ICO’s. 
@_date: 2018-05-28 18:42:39
BTC is not at cost of the Earth. 60twh is not at that level. LN is real now so I expect the rate of power consumption to increase but at a slower rate since it won’t be burdened with as many on chain transactions since most of it will be done off chain on LN as we continue to grow in adoption. Again: doing more with less. More transactions off chain, less of a rate of increase in energy consumption. It will go up... just not as fast. 
As I stated, Idk much about stellar but it’s free to implement LN if it chooses and a time that the team decides to do so. Idk about Stellar’s security except that it appears to rely on some system of credit and trust on the developers (who still own a considerable amount of premined stellar) and a few of the ones running the nodes or something. Idk. But when a payment system has to rely on some authority figures to ensure security, doesn’t that basically make them PayPal? In which case, their security has yet to be tested in a meaningful way so I’m not ready to transact using stellar until it has proven an anti fragile level of security. When stellar decides to implement LN is up to them and how they feel about their underlying security. Personally, just because they feel it’s ready doesn’t mean I agree enough to do transactions on it. I’m still willing to pay cents in BTC on chain as I did a few days ago when I sent BTC to a friend. It could be even cheaper on LN but I haven’t gotten around to using LN wallets just yet. 
@_date: 2018-05-25 12:40:35
Or... the 60% remaining aren’t educated enough about why SegWit is better. It’s not that they’re actively and consciously resisting due to some fear. Many still don’t know enough about it or that it’s even a thing. 
So many users got in during December. Many got in just for the price run. Many got in through exchanges that didn’t use SegWit and still aren’t. These new ones aren’t in it for the tech.... they’re either hodling, trading, or learning how to use it using their exchange wallets or are just now setting up their personal off-exchange wallet.
There isn’t really this fear that ‘something must be wrong with SegWit so let me stay with my old wallet’. There’s just a lack of education and acknowledgement that it’s even a thing. 
@_date: 2018-05-23 10:02:48
These “far better” alternatives end up getting Verged.... like what happened yesterday. 
A crypto is nothing if the foundation is shaky and can’t secure the fancy bells and whistles of its own untested blockchain. 
@_date: 2018-05-14 01:51:06
And still...
“Not many” is still not good enough. “Not many” resulted in how much poverty and death? And they kept on happening after the Great Depression so it’s not like the wise old fools learned their lesson from their mistakes. Their solution appears to be just throw more money at it.... fire up the printing presses and tax the working class. 
Yeah... time for something else. 
@_date: 2018-05-26 23:40:40
OP’s post makes us ROCK HARD!!
@_date: 2018-05-11 14:50:31
Sovereignless... ;)
@_date: 2018-05-28 15:14:29
As I mentioned in a previous post...... it’s security that we get with bitcoin that is still not surpassed by any other alt-coin. They’re welcome to try. But so far, they have invested more in their non-bitcoin features than in establishing a rock solid hacker proof level of security. I actually like Ethereum but I wouldn’t use it for anything more than a $100 in transactions. And Idk much about stellar but isn’t there some sort of centralization in that network? And a considerable amount of premined coins. It has yet to prove its security comparable to bitcoin. 
I think time will show LN helps solve the energy problem because more transactions will be processed off the main chain. It’s as simple as that. Doing more with less. Bitcoin transactions will be settled on the main chain resulting from LN, so the main power used is only for those settled transactions. People can still do on-chain. 
And as the tech gets better, expect successful solutions that do more with less. That’s just the way tech works. 
@_date: 2018-05-28 21:49:17
Fine. A more real thought experiment is what’s happening with Greece and the European Union. They print a lot of money and spend a lot of energy supporting it....... but look where it’s at. Political instability weakens its value. If it were politically stable, it’d have greater value. Politics and money are inextricably linked. So then it’s reasonable to conclude that there must be an energy cost to the politics that makes the money possible. 
Energy cost + unstable politics = less valuable fiat and less of a reason to make it. 
Energy cost + stable politics = more valuable fiat and more of a reason to make more of it. 
I didn’t move the goal posts. It’s an apples to apples comparison. If all BTC did was just send money around, then YES i’d Agree with you. We already have banks and visa. BTC is incredibly INEFFICIENT if that’s all it does. But it doesn’t. Bitcoin is more than just the coin. It’s the network as well. And the network makes more bitcoin. That in and of itself calls for including the money producers when making a comparison of which system uses more energy. 
Banks fuck up the economy and ask for bailouts. You concede there’s an energy cost to that.... not to mention the societal effects of it.
Governments make the money and they do it because they have the economical and political power to do so. But political power requires its own power source. So then it MUST be factored in. 
So banks process transactions and also happen to fuck up the economy at taxpayer expense. 
Governments make money and engage in economic and military wars... tariffs, civil wars, proxy cold wars. And that all costs energy. 
So really.... which system uses more energy? Are the efficiencies of fiat really worth the financial crisis and wars perpetrated by governments and banks?
@_date: 2018-05-31 11:43:04
Lending, and any future-based-assessment, will have to adapt itself to the steady yet diminishing supply size of the block reward. 
If we know ahead of time how much bitcoin we’re going to get going forward, and we assume bitcoin will rise in value, actual new bitcoin mined may be less (with the halvenings to yet occur), but it will be more valuable, which then allows for lending entities to model their business plans around that reality. Instead, what we have now is essentially still a guessing game despite all of the economic data lenders have access to. Lenders only have limited visibility of a quarter or two ahead. 
Central banks have a longer visibility but even they get it wrong and when they do, shit hits the fan. Wasn’t it only months before the 2008 financial crisis that Bernanke was still publicly saying the housing market was safe?
@_date: 2018-05-25 21:50:27
You can’t mine your own chain long enough to accumulate $100 million and go unnoticed and then just magically attach yourself to the main chain. The rest of the network wouldn’t accept those blocks mined from a different chain. Also...  The rest of the network could simply hardfork as soon as this is identified. 
@_date: 2018-05-14 01:46:02
One financial crash? Just one? Are you sure about that? Just one? Come on.... give me a straight face. Just one? Really really? Just one? Hmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
@_date: 2018-05-28 17:33:21
Bitmain may have a monopoly on ASICS but they’ll hit the wall of the laws of physics pretty soon. Samsung and others are on their way to making their own BTC miners and Bitmain will slowly lose its first mover advantage, thus making decentralized mining a reality again for those who are discouraged from doing so due to the upfront mining rig costs.
@_date: 2018-05-28 16:30:51
Even after the crypto decline, the forks were supposed to be a solution to the scaling problem. At the very least, coin-that-shall-not-be-named should be rising in usage since it’s got ALLLLLLL THAT BLOCKKK SPACEEEE.... but nope. BTC block sizes should be going down as that other fork should be going up but... nahhh. When the next hype wave occurs, I doubt their blocks will be filled at all since SegWit will be at a higher adoption and LN will have more channels. Wait and see, folks. Wait and see.
@_date: 2018-05-21 22:04:50
He didn’t spend BCH to buy anything. 
Admits he did use BTC to buy things. 
Someone remind me How full are those btrash blocks now that they’re 32mbs?
Also.... total softball questions from Twitter viewers. Cringe-inducing 
@_date: 2018-05-27 15:01:21
A thought came to mind. Doesn’t the problem of BTC power consumption further incentivize a solution for greater energy efficiency? Not just more “green” energy antminers, but perhaps entire electrical plants and energy facilities becoming entirely green and environmentally friendly. 
They may not be in market now, but once we get more energy efficient mining machines, and as the energy infrastructure also becomes more of the greener renewable type, will BTC’s power consumption still be a problem? Or will the power it requires be accepted as a worthwhile price to pay for the security it provides?
What we’re really paying for, when it comes to BTC’s power, is the security of the network. It needs to be difficult and powerful so that the integrity of the network is safe against hacks or a 51% attack. 
When we compare that to the cost of security for traditional banking, aren’t we already paying more today than we have to? Security guards at the banks, their offices, their data centers. Then there’s the layers of redundant cyber security protocols at every branch, office, and data center. Then there’s the process of vetting and surveillance of every employee through some system of internal security. Then there’s the cost of updating all of those systems as soon as a breach or a glitch is found. Then we can also add the costs of fixing problems on the customer side when perhaps there’s a fraudulent transaction. The costs of handling criminal conduct. The energy costs of going to court to settle civil and criminal disputes. All of that must be taken into account when we simply analyze the security aspect of the traditional banking system. And we’re all paying for it today and doing so without questioning it with the same level of intensity as we do with what we’re paying for when it comes to bitcoin’s security. 
To quote the Joker meme:
We spend millions and millions on security for the banks and they still fuck up and get hacked, but bring up BTC’s security costs and “everybody loses their minds!”
@_date: 2018-05-28 21:52:38
And to give u a number on the energy costs of the federal government... the same one in the phrase “full faith and credit of the US government”  backing every dollar MADE by the Bitcoin, wooops... I mean... made by the federal government..... here’s this number.   1 quadrillion BTU’s.
I’ll let you do the math and convert that to TWH. 
@_date: 2018-05-23 10:15:33
And another...
@_date: 2018-05-20 21:07:58
You’re right. The case could be made that buying it direct would have been better. But I didn’t know much at the time and in the end, I didn’t end up losing what I put in. The payouts I get are now pure profit. 
@_date: 2018-05-28 18:03:28
Maybe this is for the “federation” or something. To raise funds. Hmmm looks fishy. 
BUT...... there could be silver lining. Bringing DApps to bitcoin could still be an alt-coin killer once we get regulation clarifications. Erc20 tokens already have the taint of being exit scams, even if many are legit projects. RSK apps and tokens might avoid the deregulation pitfalls and perhaps be more compliant with regulations coming out of this past mess of ICO’s. 
Once we’re clear on the regulation trajectory, RSK tokens may provide the next wave of hype to propel BTC to newer highs. Hype + speculation + increased network effect = moon prices.
@_date: 2018-05-25 22:55:02
We have smaller sample sizes of such a scenario.
India, Greece, Venezuela, Zimbabwe... now Iran given that sanctions may cause a temporary economic crisis. 
Economic crisis often are “cured” by looser monetary policy. It’s the only solution that central bankers know. 
Private sector fucks up econony.... government central bank injects liquidity into the market. Taxpayers foot the bill with devalued yet cheap money. Rinse, repeat. 
There’s no sign that they have another approach next time it happens... and it will happen. In developed nations, it’s easier to make everyone feel safe by passing “stimulus packages” to help pay for the years-in-the-making disaster instead of telling everyone to accept austerity measures. 
Things like quantitative easing led to practices like the carry-trade... where the rich simply invested their cheap $1 to make back $5 while having to pay the government back zero. This system is what keeps the 1% in power, letting them accumulate wealth easier after every crisis....... because it’s a much better choice instead of telling them, and the middle class, to accept austerity measures. No one likes to be told to downgrade their lifestyle... even in an economic crisis.
Ultimately, it will be bitcoin that will flourish in the times leading up to these events, as seen in cases of economic collapse in developing countries. 
@_date: 2018-05-20 15:17:08
I started a genesis mining account in July and have received back my initial contract amount and still getting payouts. They’re small but they’re coming in. It’s more about timing.... if u got in at December, then yea... tough for you. 
If u got in during last summer’s levels, you should be good. 
@_date: 2018-08-18 19:53:51
Context is about bitcoin mining machines and chips... moron. No one is talking about ETH.
@_date: 2018-05-31 16:02:37
numbers don't lie. politicians and policy makers do. 
@_date: 2018-05-28 20:22:58
Oh and one more tidbit...... that 100Twh from the banks that we are comparing BTC to is not a true comparison. BTC is NOT just a money transmitter and payment processor. It also MAKES the money. The network processes transactions but it also mints new BTC into the market. 
Now....... last I checked, we don’t have visa dollars or chase dollars. They don’t MAKE money that is immutable. They only process the dollars going to and fro the market.
Who makes the money? Governments print and make and back the money. So on top of the 100Twh of the banks, how much are governments using to print, secure, and back their money?
There’s got to be an energy cost to print the money. 
There’s got to be an energy cost to make money as unfakeable as possible. And yea we may be going to a cashless system but dollars are still being printed and the mechanisms to make them as unfakeable as possible increase with every new generation of bills. 
Then the greatest amount of energy is in determining how they BACK their fiat. It’s not gold. It’s usually a simple little phrase that is presumed to carry a lot of weight..... “the full faith and credit of [nation name] government”. It is the entirety of the government itself, all its power, whether it’s legal, administrative, and military.... all of it is what gives that uuuummpphh to that phrase. Take the US for example. Would the USD still have its value if we didn’t have each branch of government? We need judicial to settle disputes. We need legislative to make sure what’s legal or not. And we need the executive to enforce it all...... to make sure the guns and bombs are there to protect it all. What’s the energy costs of propping up that phrase “full faith and credit”? 
We have seen in cases like in Venezuela and Zimbabwe where ‘faith and credit’ is meaningless since the deterioration of their government collapses the value of their money. And since their government has little power, I bet they aren’t consuming a lot of electricity. They can’t afford it because they don’t have power to back up.
So.... back to that 100Twh number. That’s just processing transactions. What about the energy involved in MAKING the money with which the transactions are being made? If your real concern is electricity costs of bitcoin, then let’s make it a true comparison. 
Bitcoin processes transactions AND makes its own money and that whole system uses 70twh and growing. No military,  no government. 
It’s only fair then to compare it to traditional systems of processing transactions (banks 100Twh) and money producers (governments ????twh). Idk what the energy costs are of every government.... but I’m sure it vastly overshadows BTC. 
So..... there’s that. And... mic drop. 
@_date: 2018-05-12 22:50:00
RSK is compatible with ethereum 
@_date: 2018-05-11 14:42:00
What I meant with my comment above was that people are still mining, and will continue to buy mining chips. Maybe not at the rate as Nvidia reported last quarter, but people will still buy GPUs  because as u stated, difficulty will increase and miners need ever more powerful chips. 
@_date: 2017-12-22 02:40:52
Nope. No one knows 
@_date: 2019-03-01 19:15:25
Yes you are 
@_date: 2019-03-01 21:49:26
Yes I posted it. And then found this other scene where bitcoin is mentioned. I found that interesting 
@_date: 2019-03-01 05:32:15
There’s another bitcoin mention later in the movie. Just posted about it
@_date: 2018-10-12 15:34:05
@_date: 2018-06-01 22:47:02
is it immutable? a lot of fake bills out there.
can it be confiscated? oh hey there, officer asset-forfeiture
is it a store of value? hey there! this mattress now comes with a secret cash compartment so you can sleep at night knowing your money is safe...literally underneath you.
yea....some tech.
so….theres that. 
@_date: 2018-06-17 02:41:42
How do I play? I have a SegWit wallet. How do I setup a LN wallet? And channels?
@_date: 2018-06-25 05:22:53
And what are these ‘ways’ to improve security without mining? In a way that remains trust less and censorship resistant.
@_date: 2018-06-02 05:27:08
Not possible. The security that such a coin would need to match or surpass bitcoin would also require massive energy and tech hardware behind it. But then again, that energy and tech would just be used to mine bitcoin. That’s what gives bitcoin the advantage. 
In the beginning, one could mine bitcoin with cpus. Mining not only confirms transactions but it also secured the blockchain network. Since then, the tech has matured to ASICS.  
A competing altcoin would need stronger ASICS than what we have now to truly secure its network so it’s reliable and truly decentralized. But given the race there is now to use the best and fastest machines to mine bitcoin, any new machine or latest asic wouldn’t be used to mine some new altcoin with little or new adoption. Instead it would mine the coin that already has value.... bitcoin. 
Why use a $3000 machine to mine an altcoin with $10 per coin, hardly any usage, when instead one can mine $7500 per BTC, the currency that already has an infrastructure of wallets, exchanges, and merchants?
@_date: 2018-06-01 22:59:42
right. so when you mentioned that 'cash is the most decentralized tech', I responded to that, pointing out how useless of a 'tech' it is. aren't we on the same page?
@_date: 2018-06-02 00:23:15
Right. But at least the BTC transaction would have initiated instead of just saying “can’t be taken at this time”.  And you’re bringing up a time when there wasn’t solutions that we have today. This day. The present time. Where SegWit and LN make a bus ride purchase the work of a few seconds. 
The cc processor didn’t even let the transaction initiate. Today. This day. The present time.
So there’s that. 
@_date: 2018-06-01 23:00:34
not all commerce.
but enough to screw up the day. and it looks like it wasn't just visa:
@_date: 2018-06-13 11:23:18
For starters.... it prevents these from happening again.
When there’s humans dictating monetary policy, there tends to be a lot of greed and corruption in the decision-making process. Eliminate the human factor and replace it with consensus in a decentralized system and the result is a different form of monetary policy where the rate of inflation is already known before hand. 
Oh then there’s the whole immutable, borderless, censor-ship resistant aspect of bitcoin that simply does NOT exist in the current financial system. Government doesn’t like you? Push of a button and your account is frozen. Not possible with bitcoin. 
It also solves this problem :
IF for some reason my wallet is compromised, it’s my fault for not protecting my keys. But I don’t also lose control of my personal info: DOB, license, social security, credit score. Last I checked, I don’t remember my hardware wallet asking me to give all that info while setting it up. 
In a bank hack, not only is my money compromised (which i’ll Get back with FDIC insurance but only up to 250k) but so will my personal info. It takes months and sometimes years to clean up the mess of identity theft and a ruined credit score. I may get the money back but I don’t get the time back of having to fix the mess that I assumed the bank’s security was supposed to prevent. With bitcoin it’s simpler..... my keys, my bitcoin. Not my keys, not my bitcoin. 
So... there’s that. 
EDIT: oh and about that deflationary aspect of bitcoin, here’s this 
Edit 2:  would also like to add that you waited approximately 14 minutes to respond to maon199. It’s been 19 minutes since I replied to you.
No response? Safe to say unicornskates just likes to poke flimsy holes into pro-bitcoin arguments and hasn’t done much real research.
@_date: 2018-06-25 15:18:41
unlike technological advances in hardware, which can be made obsolete rather quickly, technological advances in the form of a protocol make the case for their usefulness or irrelevance rather quickly. the market decides whether a protocol will remain or not. in the case of the internet, TCP/IP established itself early on that it wouldn't be something that would be going away anytime soon. 
In the case of bitcoin, the usefulness for whether such a decentralized protocol would be needed in the market became known early on. Freshly conceived after the 2008 crisis, the case was evident for a monetary system outside of the control of central banks and governments. if it were not needed or had any use, it would have died off within a year or so. the fact that it has remained and that the network is as vibrant and secure as it currently is shows that its here to stay. sure, people got ahead of themselves with determining the value it will bring to the global market, but that value will come. the current debt-driven system of sovereign nations owing each other massive amounts of money and at the same time artificially manipulating their own currencies to remain competitive cant keep going much longer. 
@_date: 2018-06-01 21:00:46
Fiat’s “efficiencies” of being centralized result in things like this problem occurring today with credit card transactions. 
Bitcoin represents a decentralized approach and it has never “collapsed”. It never would... it would only delay transactions like what happened this past December with the mempool being clogged. But the system never collapsed.
With off-chain and second layer solutions like LN, it will be able to process more transactions, making visa look like the fraction. And the beauty of it is that there isn’t and never will be a central point of failure vulnerability. 
So where do you want to put your money?  Decades of problems that only get worse as it requires more centralized points of attack? Or a promising new medium where such attacks aren’t possible and the tech built on top to allow it to scale for wider use?
So there’s that... and yes. My ridicule still stands. 
@_date: 2018-06-16 02:07:11
Bitcoin is not a retail product. It’s a network of transacting value. The bigger the network gets, the greater the value. 
The internet is a network of information... and look at all that was built on top of it.
Bitcoin is a network of immutable, borderless, decentralized finance. And it requires energy and resources for its security. that alone has immense value as there is less newly minted BTC over time. 
@_date: 2018-06-24 14:54:37
And alt-coins that want to prove they have a legitimate shot should port their work over to Rootstock 
@_date: 2018-06-02 00:12:21
Everyone all at once? Every miner and every address ? Source that.
@_date: 2018-06-13 11:46:57
Out of my ass? Really???
So... there’s that. 
@_date: 2018-06-01 21:29:48
Didn’t today’s news answer your question? And it’s not just visa. The entire fiat systems is littered with central points of failure. Or remind me how they have never been hacked and never suffered data breaches and leaks, causing massive problems for customers like ID theft and credit fraud.
So.... there’s that. 
@_date: 2018-06-04 19:10:35
And who said anything about me telling other people I have bitcoin lol. You assume too much to support your arguments. I don’t actively go around broadcasting I have bitcoin. So no... no ones torturing me. I have my own security in place when I’m compromised and I know how to handle my wallet if and when I pass. 
But go ahead. Keep trying to poke holes. The more holes you try to poke, the more incentive there is to find efficient solutions to them while still operating in a decentralized manner. Fuck surviellance. Fuck not being anonymous and private. Tough. 
@_date: 2018-06-02 23:23:39
Government seized the hardware wallets. They can’t seize a wallet whose keys I only know in my head. Are you dense? You’ve been commenting on this sub for a long time and you don’t know that? I assure you....
No one can seize my bitcoin in my address that is separate from my spending address that has never received bitcoin from an exchange. No one. I know my keys like a song. And only I know my address. Good luck trying to confiscate  that. 
I think you and I have debated scaling before so I’m just going to say time will tell. Bottom line.... my keys, my bitcoin. My address. Impossible to confiscate. 
@_date: 2018-06-01 21:28:08
Oh? Name one time the bitcoin network basically stopped.
“Could, maybe, possibly” stop don’t count. 
@_date: 2018-06-12 22:47:03
GreenAddress. It’s what I use. Secure. Simple. Your keys, your bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-06-02 07:48:00
But the altcoin won’t have a proven record of security. That’s what the machines do. It’s not about processing transactions as fast as possible.... it’s security. And even then... the miners use the most powerful tech in the market to mine the most secure network with an infrastructure for it.
And altcoin can’t just say “faster transactions” as it’s killer app. It has to prove it is decentralized. It has to prove that it has consensus. It has to prove that it is immutable. That takes years to prove. Those aren’t features that can be guaranteed from the get-go. And as that alt coin attempts to prove itself, bitcoin will have solved those scaling problems with off-chain, second layer solutions. So why mine the alt-coin. The incentive will always lean to where it’s secure first. And bitcoin has a massive lead.
@_date: 2018-06-05 19:43:52
And isn’t there a $120 or so gold storage fee? Why should I pay a handling fee for 20k in gold? 
Or I can pay.... hold on... gotta do some calculations.... oh um... zero... since my wallets don’t charge me BTC holding fees. And my last major transfer only charged me 6 cents. And no one but me and the receiver know about it. And it was done from the comfort of my gaming chair, the work of 2 minutes tops. 
@_date: 2018-06-13 12:03:24
So... there’s that.
@_date: 2018-06-10 23:33:35
So when I used it last week to pay back a friend, I guess there was a kidnapping involved?
When I received bitcoin for a prom dress I turned into an evening cockctail dress, I guess there was some drug involved?
When I sent some to a friend overseas who doesn’t have a bank account Bc the nearest western union requires him to take a 2 hour bus ride from where he lives, and the bus itself is filled with shady people, I guess there was a kidnapping and drugs involved that we didn’t know about. 
When I received it for an English tutoring session I did with a friend’s son over Skype, I guess there was also some drugs?
Or maybe.... stop saying “no one” Bc clearly there’s more than one person (me) that has made good use of it without Having to use western union or some bank.
“No one”???? Really.???
@_date: 2018-06-25 15:03:57
owning bitcoin does NOT make it centralized. remember that bitcoin itself is divisible to 8 decimal spaces. so there will be enough to go around. 
centralization comes as a result of mining rigs and nodes becoming centralized. the rapid rate of ASIC advancement has made bitcoin sort of centralized for now but eventually more companies will be making ASICs, thus lowering the price of the hardware which makes it possible for the initial upfront mining costs to go down. when that happens, average people may once again mine bitcoin again, thus DE-centralizing bitcoin from where it is now. 
@_date: 2018-06-26 15:04:39
Back during the crash from 1163, we only had mtgox. Now we have Coinbase, binance, bittfinex, Gemini, kraken..... Robinhood, Square.... and soon Goldman will get in on the exchange action. 
With so many options and markets for liquidity infusion, I’d say we’re close to the bottoms already. Some major exchange hack or a 51% attack on some shit-coin may cause more downside pressure. But then the exchanges with resources to fix and improve will come out better while the shit exchanges die off. 
Then we have improving regulatory clarity, which is what the big banks are waiting for. Clarity regarding what’s a token, what’s a protocol coin, and what’s a security under the SEC. then they need to build their own secure crypto storage infrastructure. This may yet be months away. Meanwhile, an ETF might be the next catalyst. 
Safe to say we are close to the bottom for now.
@_date: 2018-06-05 15:22:25
Third parties are not supposed to be trusted with all the bitcoin one has. Example 1 are exchanges. 
A hardware cold wallet is not a third party. I have the keys. It’s safe. 
A paper wallet address is safe. Just have the keys someplace safe. 
You’re really pointing out your bank account as something that can’t be hacked? Haven’t we had this discussion of how banks get hacked every year. It’s not just your money that is compromised, so is your personal info. We discussed this. And the government could just take it or freeze it.
Those addresses with BTC on them as reward for those who solve the puzzle..... if they are are not secure or private, then go ahead. Identify the owners of the addresses. If they are not secure, go ahead. Go take the bitcoin right out of the address. Go right ahead. Prove your point. It’s right there. Addresses with funds. Go right ahead and prove your point. 
@_date: 2018-06-05 15:41:51
The only third party I use is the exchange. 
GreenAddress app is not a third party. I own the keys. And it’s got 2FA. It’s not getting hacked. End of story. My hardware wallet is also NOT getting hacked. It’s mine. Forever. 
I can’t say the same about my bank account. It’s not mine. The bank could get hacked. More than just my money gets compromised. It’s months of a hassle straightening that out. Or the government could just take it. 
NO ONE CAN TAKE MY BITCOIN. end of story. My keys, my bitcoin. 
If bitcoin addresses aren’t secure... then go ahead, claim this one bitcoin
It’s been 18 days since the puzzle has been out. But why bother to solve it, right? Just hack through this insecure bitcoin system and get the 1 BTC. Right? Or the government should just take it. They have the energy. Right? Shouldn’t take more than a few mouse clicks and keyboard taps, right? What a shit system this bitcoin is. 
@_date: 2018-06-13 13:21:32
A system that only has .01% global adoption is going to be volatile. This argument has been used over and over again. Come back when it reaches 1% of global adoption. But were that to happen, the price would be far higher than what it is now...... so I guess thanks? for given me more confidence to buy more... like I just did a little while ago. 
@_date: 2018-06-22 20:57:08
They are also miles behind in security. The bitcoin network is as strong and secure as ever. The same cannot be said about altcoin networks. Weren’t a few of them 51%-attacked a few weeks ago? Only bitcoin provides unmatched security.
@_date: 2018-06-02 03:41:24
That’s a problem with solutions being worked on today. The reason visa and other companies continue having these problems is because they are centralized. They spend a lot of time and money in their R&amp;D departments before they release their upgrades...... and then it’s hacked and DDOS’ed and brute-force attacked. And then it’s another few quarters until they come up with a patch to their vulnerabilities. 
Btc’s solutions are being worked on more effectively because they don’t operate in quarters or deadlines or r&amp;d funds. The open source software is tested by hackers from all over the world before its released on the mainnet. Visa doesn’t do that. It’s all internal testing. And slower. I see BTC as more more worthwhile and secure, with ability to scale, instead of visa or the banks that are too big to innovate, too secretive to have their security really be tested.
@_date: 2018-06-13 12:09:42
Wait so you’re saying banks are free of corruption? And as if bitcoin only addresses the European banks? This is global. Don’t try to narrow the subject for your convenience. This is worldwide. Don’t be dense.
@_date: 2018-06-21 03:04:13
You’re asking like you know the answer. Enlighten us.
@_date: 2018-06-16 03:26:47
@_date: 2018-06-01 00:00:12
Debt as in loans for business and mortgages would still be measured in fiat. 
If and when bitcoin gains a sizeable adoption size, where it is practically ubiquitous, fiat will still exist. But it won’t have such a sizeable control over the levers of the economy. After all, in the US alone, it’s trillions in debt is measured in dollars. For the government to pay its debts, dollars must still exist. And from the looks of that debt level, it’s going to be doing so for quite some time.
So back to the lending argument. Loans could be made in bitcoin, but priced in dollars. For example, let’s say I get a $100k mortgage loan. But let’s also say that in that time, 1 BTC = $100k. So the bank lends me 1 BTC....but the size of the loan at date and time it is written and signed for is fixed at $100k... plus any interest. 
If 30 years from that point 1 BTC appreciates in value to $200k = 1 BTC.... well that works for me and I can pay the $100k loan back and sti have some satoshis left over.
If the opposite happens and 1btc falls to $50k.... then I owe 2 BTC to pay for the original $100k loan. 
Fiat will still exist and will serve as perhaps a fixed point of accounting for debt/loans at the time they were made.
@_date: 2019-08-16 19:46:37
Why is it that what you think of as “bad” should be everyone else’s definition of bad?
@_date: 2018-06-23 03:08:58
Correct. Theyre just tokens. Pre-mined garbage backed by........ wishful thinking 
@_date: 2018-06-20 04:35:12
It’s only a matter of time before some “reputable” and “secure” exchanges get hacked. Trade at your own risk but for those looking to become long time hodlers, buy your coin and immediately put it in your own personal hardware/cold/paper/app wallet. Don’t trust exchanges. Not a single one.
@_date: 2018-06-14 03:22:28
Zero knowledge proofs are being worked on for bitcoin... and then there’s atomic swaps on LN which could make BTC work with Zcash. 
I accept governments will use their authority to regulate a national ID system.... but I don’t accept private banks having as much personal sensitive info as they currently require. 
And no.... my wallet with BTC that I earned and did NOT get from an exchange has no way of being tied to me or my name. 
@_date: 2018-06-23 00:29:42
thank you for using the word investments. and for implying we ought to compare bitcoin to the other 1000s upon 1000s of investments. well here's one. whats the 10 year chart on s&amp;p compared to bitcoin? even after the drop from 20k. which performed better? ok then
@_date: 2018-06-13 12:35:18
Ok so you sound like you’re happy with your system. That’s great bro. You do you. But there’s an alternative outside of that system.
I just listed to you the many financial crisis that have happened in the past 100 years. They weren’t innocent mistakes. They were directly caused by human error and the most common feature of human error in policy making is greed and corruption. These things happen all over the word every few years or so. These crisis have real consequences; real people suffer losses. Didn’t we just have a massive one just a few years back in 2008? And isn’t there more brewing as we speak? And the problem is always the same... greed and corruption. You can’t deny that. 
Bitcoin operates outside of that. So if people want to transact with each other and do business, they can do so without a bank. They insulate themselves from the problems caused by banks. It’s an alternative where it’s value is not tied to a few policy makers who may or may not have conflicts of interest. And if bitcoin fails, there’s no taxpayer bailout. If the banks begin to take on more risk, it’s always the taxpayers that are given the bill. That’s not a healthy system that should be allowed to exist any longer. 
But hey.... you seem to love your fiat. So go ahead. Use it. I listed the many problems there are with banks but u refuse to see them as problems Bc.... Idk. You just don’t think they are problems. So be happy with your system. There are others who don’t want that system and are protected against it, where they have control of their funds, not the banks or governments. 
@_date: 2018-06-30 23:49:50
Check with . He lives there. First hand knowledge and experience. Check his post history 
@_date: 2018-06-14 02:39:35
Yeah.... banks data servers. Lol. Isn’t like almost every month we hear of some data breach at some financial institution? They have all the information... they are a central point of failure, a perfect target, for data breaches.
And about credit and loans... read this:
So... there’s that. 
@_date: 2018-06-11 17:07:58
Right. You only pay taxes on gains. And those who sold in the November-December run do owe a good amount in capital gains taxes.
@_date: 2018-06-26 22:32:23
Doesn’t greshams law state that the more valuable asset will decrease from circulation? So if there’s less bitcoin circulation, Bitcoin is seen as more valuable compared to what IS being spent and circulated (fiat), no?
@_date: 2018-06-05 19:26:17
What identifying data???????? I never put my name
Or email or anything when setting up my GreenAddress wallet. GreenAddress is just an app. They don’t have my keys. I have my keys. I’m not a customer. I never pay them. And if i lose my keys, I can’t go to them to get it back bc even they don’t have the encrypted keys. So..... it’s not third party custody of my keys. It’s safe. My keys. MINE. What don’t you get? 
UNLIKE.... banks. Why do you keep pointing out that the bank can still give me my money if it gets hacked? Like all I should be worried about is my money? What about my sensitive info that ID thieves will make use of? Yea what’s the recourse on the months of having to clean up that mess?
My wallet never has that info so even IF it got hacked (it won’t) I don’t have to worry about my sensitive info. Which even my exchange doesn’t have as well. My info is mine. 
@_date: 2018-06-24 14:49:52
Link to the article (there a paywall: 
Writer thinks bitcoin is like “private money”. Uses the word ‘private’ to describe the open source, open blockchain, borderless, censorship-resistant, decentralized network of bitcoin. 
@_date: 2018-06-05 15:50:15
Except that who walks around with 20k in gold bars on them? Or 20k in cash in their pocket? That’s stupid . 
But I can walk down the most dangerous road in the county a mile from me, and no one knows I own bitcoin, and I can walk down that road back n forth wearing only basic jeans and a t-shirt and $5 in cash on me.... and I’m safe.
Or I can travel across international borders and never have to declare the BTC I got. Bc technically I don’t have it. I just have the keys. Which only I know about. Can’t say the same with cash... or gold. If I don’t want to have a bank account and only use BTC, I never have to carry anything on me physically except the passwords I know. 
@_date: 2019-08-16 18:44:32
Bro... chill.
@_date: 2018-06-25 16:03:41
you're silly or dangerously naïve if you still believe people actually determine who your representatives are. are you in the US? you should know every Senator and Congressman has a price above their head, signaling how much they have been bought and paid for by corporations, lobbyists, and special interest groups. you only think you have a choice. who do you think put them there for you to cast a ballot on? 
the power players work both sides. you have candidate A and candidate B and when you're at the poll, you only have the illusion of having a choice. but both candidate A and candidate B owe their spot on the ballot to the big money that put them there. the choices have already been made... you're only made to believe you have some say in a process that's already been decided for you. its naïve to think that big money doesn't play both sides, supporting both candidates at the same time behind closed doors. 
@_date: 2018-06-27 20:48:13
Ada Lovelace. 
@_date: 2018-06-23 00:35:39
how does one go investing in USD in third world countries? I can easily send some btc to some remote village where they have a solar energy source to power their cellphones, but where the nearest bank or western union or currency exchange service is miles away. seems easier to get some btc instead of trekking miles to pick up some cash.
@_date: 2018-06-06 17:34:28
We need to stop comparing BTC power consumption to the power consumption of banks. 
Banks process transactions. Which requires energy.
It’s governments that actually make and back their money. That requires energy. But it’s more than just printing costs. “Full faith and credit” of the national government is what makes government money usable. Therefore, the reason that paper that’s printed by the government has any value and usability is because there’s a government that backs it. Which means we have to take into account THE ENTIRE ENERGY CONSUMPTION OF THE GOVERNMENT. Legislatures, courts, law enforcement, executive offices, and the military. U can’t have a government without any of these. 
So.... banks’ energy use PLUS government energy use = ?????????? TWH.
Bitcoin makes its own money and processes transactions. No government. No military. Just decentralized consensus = 70twh.
Case closed. 
@_date: 2018-06-11 14:03:09
Banks are only insured for the amount of USD deposited... not it’s purchasing power .
If fiat crashed (hyperinflation), that $250k someone had yesterday in the bank to buy a home could probably get a loaf of bread after the crash. Insured fiat doesn’t protect against loss of value. 
@_date: 2018-06-04 22:25:09
I never said I didn’t have 2FA. Again... you assume too much. 
Transactions are public. I never use the same address twice when spending. My exchange wallet never transacts with my spending wallet. Therefore my identity is never compromised and never on the blockchain. Only the transaction of BTC going to and from addresses.
So... tough. No one is ID’ing me when I use BTC. And no one is confiscating my keys. Tough. Keep trying though. 
@_date: 2018-06-05 19:54:28
Then point to me when green address was hacked . It’s been around for a few years. This shit security must have had some hacks . Point to me when green address was hacked. 
My 2FA on it uses  my throwaway email which also doesn’t have my personal info. Lol. Wanna keep going? Geez. U know how easy it is to make a throwaway email that only I have access to? So there’s encrypted keys, and 2FA, and a long password I only know about.... and no one knows I even have BTC. So... what’s my vulnerability? 
With a bank..... I have assholes at the bank knowing my info, assholes at the nsa who know my info... and assholes looking to hack the assholes who slack off at bank security like every year. 
I trust myself. I don’t trust assholes. 
@_date: 2018-06-20 22:01:55
Where do you get two from? Read it again.
It says “accounts at two banks”. Meaning... multiple accounts in both banks. You’re presuming two banks mean only two accounts. There could be more than two accounts at both banks. And that would not be shady as fuck. Various companies, even small businesses, can have multiple accounts in one bank.
Tether appears to have “accounts at two banks”. We don’t know how many accounts in each bank. And you can’t just assume there’s only 2 accounts. 
@_date: 2018-06-26 04:49:32
If the block size increase was the mic-drop technological superiority over BTC, then we should see it in transaction volume. But nope. Volume is just not there. The market has settled this debate, no?
@_date: 2018-06-02 00:26:55
You’re pointing out an error in August of 2010? How old was bitcoin? I think we can allow an extremely new technology some leeway when it comes establishing its uptime and integrity.  And really did it wipe out everyone? Or was the network small enough to allow for a quick reset and then.... business as usual? 
So there’s that. 
@_date: 2018-06-24 15:23:04
A better representation of “private money” would be corporate stocks and bonds. And last I checked, they’re volatile as fuck and yet are still used as instruments with which to pay employees and do mergers and acquisitions with. 
@_date: 2018-06-04 23:04:00
My exchange wallet has 2FA. My GreenAddress app has 2FA. My cold wallets have their own security. How is someone going to hack my cold wallet? Telekinesis? Yea ok. Then. 
And the bitcoin protocol itself is secure. Point to me in one direction where the private keys were guessed? Within the past 8 years. 
U and I have debated before. I told you I have an exchange wallet. Not a sizeable amount compared to my cold wallet. So... I’m good. 
I get my spending coins from side gigs I do. It’s that simple. Instead of Venmo or PayPal, I just ask clients and friends who may owe me money to pay me back in BTC. Only that it needs to come from their own personal wallet and not direct from an exchange wallet because I encourage friends to be in control and possession of their keys. 
Oh so if a bank gets hacked, like all I’m going to be worried about is my money, right? That’s all? Not gonna be concerned about all my private info that’s attached to my account that will also get hacked and leaked? What recourse do I have for months of dealing with ID theft? Changing my ss, my address, having to confirm ID with other banks and financial institutions. A bank getting hacked compromises more than just my money. 
My wallets don’t have my ss or address. So... tough luck trying to get those. Even if my exchange gets hacked, I don’t remember giving Binance my address or ss. I don’t trade big chunks anyway and I usually store my long term crypto to a cold wallet from my exchange wallet. So... there’s that. 
@_date: 2018-06-11 14:00:11
It’s also almost the due date for those who didn’t pay taxes on their crypto gains back in April 17. 
My guess is many asked for an extension... and now have to pay. Crypto has practically nosedived so maybe they’re feeling selling presssure to raise funds to pay their taxes. Due date is June 14.
@_date: 2018-06-29 13:59:36
You do know we are well past the “could”. If they could, they should have. But they already missed their chance. It’s too late to make it illegal bc there’s always going to be some other bank or some other government that will be friendly to it. And governments acknowledged that making bitcoin illegal puts them technologically behind in the blockchain space. It would kill incentives for innovation and competition in this new tech space. So no..... it’s not going to become illegal. Tough. So there’s that. 
@_date: 2018-06-05 19:34:44
I’d rather be in control of my 20k. It’s not full time for me. It’s not like I’m constantly watching my back or my shoulder. My BTC is safe. I don’t want to trust anyone but myself. And how am I going to break pieces of gold when I want to purchase something less than 20k? Go to the bank and ask for some paper to initiate the transfer? Or..... I can do it in my bedroom with a few taps on my app. Easy. 
@_date: 2018-06-29 12:32:02
As opposed to bitcoin where physically killing someone also kills the keys. Also... your gold safe protected by your little gun is no match against the government’s guns at 5am. As opposed to bitcoin where no one can know for sure who has it and is protected by keys that only the owner knows about, 
@_date: 2018-06-23 00:24:11
and whats the carbon footprint of the dollar, euro, pound, yen, renminbi, rupee, ruble?  wars, printing presses, central bank corruption, and private banks that essentially gamble with each other until they fuck up and demand a taxpayer bailout. whats the carbon footprint on that?
@_date: 2018-06-17 03:37:29
I have an iOS device. :(
@_date: 2018-06-23 14:30:43
So what’s your address, douche. Come on.
@_date: 2018-06-12 21:23:47
We already have that. Dollars, euros, yen, pounds... etc. and they’re all digital. And in physical coins as well.
Now if by “alt-coin” you mean a decentralized, immutable, censorship resistant, BORDERLESS, consensus driven, game theoretical system on an international blockchain network with a proof-of-work based security system.... then no. No other crypto will ever dethrone bitcoin. Ever. Period. 
Bitcoin is the next bitcoin. 
@_date: 2018-06-13 11:57:42
You can’t do math, can you? Two years ago?
March 2017. I don’t think that’s two years ago.
@_date: 2018-06-20 22:48:25
I read somewhere once where it said that ‘there isn’t a place on earth that Goldman isn’t involved in if it can suck money out of’.
Cryptocurrencies are that new well of cash for them, but this time it’s different. His comment about a ‘consensus’ currency being able to replace government backed fiat currency shows that Goldman is already thinking of what a future could look like if crypto becomes dominant. And in that scenario, they want to have the infrastructure in place to make money instead of playing catch-up, which is what B of A, citi, J.P. Morgan, and the rest will be doing. 
But another thought came to mind. A globally consensus-driven currency would in effect bring about greater world cooperation and harmony, no? Basically, world peace via currency consensus. A lot of the problems between nations today revolve around the lack of trust with each other, even among allies. But if everyone agreed on a global standard that no single nation has control over, then there’s more of an incentive to work together rather than to try to outcompete or one-up each other via unfair currency manipulations. 
Currently, the world bends to the will of USD, euros, yen, and the pound. But now that emerging markets are maturing into consumer-heavy economies, their currencies are also competing for respect. But competition between sovereign states creates nationalistic economic policies like what we’re seeing now with tariff wars. Oddly, it’s China and Europe that are acting like grownups in contrast to the temper tantrums of the US administration.  Wouldn’t it be easier if everyone simply agreed on one standard that no single sovereign state has control over? And could it be that Goldman has seen this as a highly likely future?
A few years ago, Goldman economists came out with this:
Basically, they have seen the trends and patterns of capitalism’s history and wonder if perhaps we should change course in order to prevent the constant boom and bust cycles of competitive capitalism. With a consensus driven currency, competition can be more fair and may even become more cooperative. If we all work together, instead of against one another, humanity would be sure to prosper. 
@_date: 2018-06-01 22:24:11
a bug wouldn't have much work on the entire bitcoin network. the network runs on globalized consensus of validating blocks. if one miner's machines is compromised with a bug, the rest of the network will reject that miner's blocks as invalid. one bug cannot affect the entire network. and for a single bug to even conceivably affect the network would require a bad actor to infect them all one by one. every miner, every node, every pool.,....one by one. it would never happen because each one has their own security measures over their computers, their mining rigs, their nodes.....  so no.... a bug wouldn't hurt the network.
so ….theres that.
@_date: 2018-06-02 04:18:04
If what you’re saying is true, then bitcoin should be vulnerable and insecure enough for a cheap attack to compromise its security....
Which is really what we’re paying for IMO. But where is that successful attack? Or even a successful attack to its software? 
@_date: 2018-06-25 22:23:04
As I see it, it’s as if bitcoin has its own checks and balances system built in. It prevents someone, any one, from gaining too much influence/power because as soon as some one does get too close to 51, the integrity of the network goes down and with it the value of the entire network. It discourages someone from gaining emperor-status because then they’d be the emperor over worthless coins. 
Also... couldn’t the network just do a hard-fork in the event someone approaches 50.98% ?
@_date: 2018-06-02 20:50:10
Yep. And bitcoin won’t go to the moon, it’ll instead go further and  go faster than 12 parsecs in upside price when hyperinflation happens. 
@_date: 2018-06-23 00:31:51
logic is not 'designed". art is designed. logic is understood, discovered, learned... but no one can 'design' new logic. 
therefore, bitcoin uses math, and it's logic is understood, discovered, learned, and taught by people. but not designed. 
@_date: 2018-06-04 05:17:41
“I am also very focused on ensuring we have clear lines of accountability across our entire business”
Oh gee... if only there was a trustless network that could maintain operations and governance through consensus. One where the rules are based on math instead of trusting humans will be accountable. Because accountability is such an honorable a quality nowadays, we’re practically swimming in it... right?     /s
@_date: 2018-06-23 03:03:48
Like the way GE stock was for how many years until it was removed from the Dow? Or like Bears Sterns stock while Cramer told investors to buy it even during the housing market meltdown? Now we have Tesla, Facebook, and ETFs, all sorts of traditional “investments” that are sure looking bubble-like. 
Bubbles are everywhere. Even government debt and the supposed “safety” of treasury bonds. The auto loan bubble, the student loan bubble, sovereign debt bubble, just to mention a few. And once those go pop!, what will their performance be compared to bitcoin? Even at today’s price? Or even at 4 or 5k. 
Yea we had a massive run in December. But don’t think by any means that it was the last. Not when merely less than a percent of the world’s population is using it. Imagine when we get to a full 1 percent and more? Metcalfe’s law kicks in in high gear... along with Gresham’s law when sovereign debt and political instability destroys any reason for holding certain fiat currencies. So there’s that. 
@_date: 2018-06-10 23:35:10
Buy digital, immutable, censorship-resistant property. 
@_date: 2018-06-07 11:06:53
They have downside protection if they go short with bitcoin futures
@_date: 2018-06-11 15:17:55
Which is why real crypto users should follow day one rule: your keys, your bitcoin. Not your keys, not your bitcoin. 
You’re not supposed to keep your BTC in an exchange.
@_date: 2018-06-05 14:56:45
How are we going in circles? Or do u deliberately just want to have the last word??
My wallet is safe. My address is safe. No one is getting in. No one’s bitcoin has ever been stolen from their address.... UNLESS they were careless with their keys. If my keys are locked and encrypted in a way that only I have access to... no one is getting my BTC. And that’s a feature of btc: not your keys, not your bitcoin. No one is getting my keys, no one can guess my keys. The government can’t force me to give up my keys to addresses they don’t know I have. Tough. 
None of them can be used to identify me. They’re not putting their names on their wallets. All that’s stored on the blockchain is the BTC being moved around. And it’s done electronically which is better than cash bc im not going to walk around with more than $30 in cash on me. With BTC, I can have hundreds in my head that no one knows about and that no one can confiscate or steal from me bc no one knows I have it. Beats carrying a wallet with hard cash. 
@_date: 2018-06-02 13:46:30
Was still handling transactions? Tell that to these people. That happened yesterday. 
You’re going to refer to a point in BTC when we didn’t have LN and barely anyone used SegWit and exchanges weren’t batching transactions? And BTC has only been around for 10 years. So we can allow some leeway but the solutions are coming. 
Visa has been around how long? Shouldn’t they NOT have these problems? And shouldn’t they , and their banking pals, also NOT have data leaks and breaches and compromises to their security?
So..... there’s that. 
@_date: 2018-06-01 22:31:45
reallllly??? how will fiat be accounted for an apocalyptic no-internet scenario? how will banks know how much cash to give you at an atm withdrawal if theres no internet?
how will anyone accept anything as payment if theres no electronic way of keeping account of it all. a scenario with no internet is one where even the Fed wont be able to account for all the bills out there, no one will know who owes what to whom, no one will be sure if theres even a working government. 
bitcoin can actually survive because the blockchain will still exist in all the nodes around the world. another form of international communication could be setup to link all the nodes and miners. bitcoin doesn't actually need a lot of internet bandwidth speed to begin with. we could back to dial-up or even DSL and still have a working network.
@_date: 2018-06-13 11:55:57
Also... by providing an alternative outside of the corrupt system, it is the solution to its problems. Fiat banking has all of the problems I just listed. With bitcoin, I can still spend, save, transact, do business with it the same as I do with cash. 
Regarding those things u just listed about lending and stimulating growth, read the bitmex report I linked. It’s all there and addresses those points. Just.... click the link. It’s that easy. 
@_date: 2018-06-25 22:06:27
... wait. What happened to the “funeral”?
@_date: 2018-06-25 15:58:04
you're now on a list somewhere
@_date: 2018-06-14 02:05:17
How quick or helpful are banks when they experience a hack and data leak? See this happened to me and many others. Bank gets hacked, my personal sensitive info gets stolen and then I’m the target of identity theft which is on me to clean up. I have to call each credit card, I have to call the credit bureaus, I have to constantly monitor my credit score, I have to make sure my ss isn’t out there or maybe even consider changing my ss. Banks aren’t quick to rectify those issues.
With bitcoin, I don’t remember giving my wallet my dob, ss, license info, or access to my credit score. If my keys are compromised, ok I lose some BTC. But it’s on me. If the bank gets hacked, sure fdic comes to the rescue but how am I going to get compensated for the time I have to put in to securing my personal info and cleaning up the mess of identity theft?
So... there’s that. 
@_date: 2018-06-26 04:53:07
He is no one and yet everyone. Just like Bitcoin belongs to everyone and yet no one. Which, come to think of it, is how money should be. Controlled by no single authority and yet available to everyone based on mathematical rules and consensus. 
@_date: 2018-06-08 21:14:30
Isn’t a certain coin-that-shall-not-be-named incompatibile with LN? Lol. Sucks for them 
@_date: 2018-06-02 05:53:25
A financial collapse is unlikely because the central banks will fire up the printing presses to inject more liquidity into the market. Instead of a collapse, we’ll get financial zombie banks where financial institutions are running at a loss quarter after quarter just to keep Main Street businesses open long enough to weather the storm. That will also include keeping infrastructure on... line ISP’s. And last I checked, bitcoin could run on even dial-up speeds since it doesn’t require a lot of bandwidth to communicate with other miners around the world.
So there’s that.
@_date: 2018-06-02 02:58:41
Is Linux a currency or carrier of value? If it’s just software, there isn’t much of an incentive to protect it against every possible attack vector. 
What makes bitcoin different is that it is antifragile software. There’s billions of dollars as a bounty for anyone that can compromise its integrity. Therefore it’s being attacked and has been attacked in many ways since it’s inception. Which is why it’s more secure as an open-source software. With billions on the line, that alone acts as an incentive for developers to only release software that has been hacked to death in the open-source community before its released on the main net. 
Think of it like this: would you bet on a gladiator whose only trained and fought in specialized arenas selected by and funded by the owner?
Or would you bet on the gladiator whose learned his fighting skills from having gone toe to toe with the worst and fiercest fighters from the outside world, whose only funding and incentive is to survive to live another day, to have its next meal?
Open-source software, with an economic incentive behind it, is like that. It’s vulnerabilities are discovered faster and fixed when the world’s best developers have checked it for holes first. 
@_date: 2018-06-29 13:46:01
Yea not gonna happen. Just about every government out there is tripping over each other to embrace the technology one way or another. Even the “blockchain but not bitcoin” voices acknowledge they can’t stop bitcoin. They can do something about ICO’s, but not bitcoin. 
And even if developed countries said BTC is illegal, they’d only do so bc they feel BTC is some threat to their country currency. But that’s the equivalent of telling the public “don’t fret. Our money is safe. But we need to stop BTC from undermining our national currency”. At that point, Gresham’s law kicks in and the value of BTC will soar...... bc for a government to outlaw an alternative currency would mean it needs the threat of force to prop up the dwindling value of the national currency. That’s the only reason they’d make it illegal. The notion of making something illegal as a medium of exchange just because criminals use it would never happen because then the entirety of the internet would also need to be outlawed since that too is a means of criminal activity. 
So.... there’s that. 
@_date: 2018-06-21 04:32:27
Not directly invested but merely have a foot in.  They wouldn’t be too obvious about being public with their position in such a nascent industry. It pays to keep a low profile.... especially for a big player such as Goldman whose moves and positions can move markets. 
@_date: 2018-06-25 15:52:55
lets assume that $250 million actually represents new exchange customers. have the exchanges slowed down in signing up new retail clients? but lets say, for the sake of argument, that there has been a wave of new users willing to invest only $100 (though I think people would be putting in more than just 100 for their first time buying) in crypto. that would mean there has been an increase in 2,500,000 new traders/investors, each willing to put in at least $100, which then sparked the issuance of new Tether. would this be unrealistic to assume to have happened on a global scale? and since we are at the lowest levels for the year, it would make sense for new buyers to have gotten in since they might think this is a bottom. 
@_date: 2018-06-11 02:23:36
HODL waves
@_date: 2018-06-02 01:02:38
All payment systems that rely on fiat are part of fiat. It’s impossible to have a modern economy without cashless electronic fiat. And it’s that system that is centralized. Sure I can do cash only transactions at a few mom n pop stores, garage sales, and retail stores.... but it’s just easier for many to do it online. Or thru an app on their phone. And governments everywhere are encouraging their citizens to go cashless. And that leads to centralization of payment processors and banks. 
@_date: 2018-06-12 23:54:49
Bitcoin is the next bitcoin. 
Alt-coins are either centralized, insecure, or can be easily 51% attacked given how advanced mining chips have become (looking at you verge and bitcoin gold)
@_date: 2018-06-05 19:37:16
Some info on GreenAddress 
Not third party. My keys. Not theirs. My password. My keys. My BTC.
But even then, even without the app, if BTC addresses are so insecure, go ahead and prove your point and get the BTC out of the addresses for those puzzle challenges. Go ahead, break through that shitty BTC security. Such morons right? Showing off an address with available funds. It’s basically a wallet with cash on the street, right? So insecure. Go ahead
@_date: 2018-06-05 15:32:14
Then those addresses in those reward puzzles should already have been hacked and the BTC taken out. Go ahead. Price your point. Bitcoin is such a shit system so those addresses are basically as insecure as a leather wallet laying around on the street. 
Or the government should just hack their way into those addresses. Yep. Let’s see if they can. Oh wait. 
@_date: 2018-06-01 16:03:05
gee, its like central points of failure are more of a glitch rather a feature. I wonder why no one thought of a decentralized approach.   /s
@_date: 2018-06-01 22:43:39
a delay in payment is not down. people still got their funds.
that's different than people Europe who needed to use their cards and woops.... better have cash. oh wait, we're trying to phasing out cash? sorry, gonna still need some physical cash after all.
someone wanted to go home and wanted to buy a bus or train ticket with their card. oops.
friends went to dinner and when the check came....oops.
that's what happens when its down. a transaction cant even be initiated to begin with. at least in December, a transaction could be initiated but the network suffered delays. its early tech, it still happens and there are solutions already on the mainnet and upgrades like Segwit. 
so....theres that.
@_date: 2018-06-02 20:48:18
Well we’ll just see, won’t we. 
I’ll still take a decentralized network where there’s immutability, censorship-resistance, and borderless. 
If the government suddenly doesn’t like my politics, they can get my credit card and bank account frozen. Good luck freezing my bitcoin though. 
Bitcoin will scale. And we’ll continue having these debates. But I have more faith in new decentralized technology instead of central points of failure which yes, they are efficient. But I lose a lot for the sake of efficiency. Screw that. 
@_date: 2018-06-05 15:04:11
I mean if BTC addresses aren’t secure... then go ahead and take the reward for this
I mean. It’s not secure, right? Everyone’s wasting their time, right? I mean, if thousands were stolen before, then the BTC in these addresses should be a piece of cake, right? 
Go ahead. Try it. Find your way. Not so secure, right? No possible way that the BTC is secure UNLESS you have the keys which can only be gotten if the puzzle is solved. What an insecure system, right?
Edit: oh and... find the identity to those addresses. Piece of cake right? Insecure shit system, right? Do it. Go ahead. 
@_date: 2018-06-13 16:52:09
Exactly. Care to do a point-by-point as to why any of those mentioned above are not real?
@_date: 2018-06-29 13:01:06
But they can’t. How would they know what amount of BTC I have in which wallet? Let’s say I have a hardware wallet. So they take it. But that’s only a fraction of my BTC. I still have BTC in other wallets that they don’t know about. Could be cold wallets. Paper wallets. Wallets with 2fa. Wallets that only I know the keys too. And if they check the blockchain for transactions, all I gotta say is I paid it to someone who paid it to someone who paid it to someone who paid it to someone else. Bottom line, my keys, my bitcoin. People can only give up BTC that the government knows about. The government is powerless from taking BTC from wallets they don’t know belong to me. 
@_date: 2019-02-27 05:10:46
Watch the movie 
@_date: 2018-06-25 05:02:29
A secure network is made much more secure when there is no central point of failure. In addition to the security that miners provide, decentralized nodes and miners ensure that bitcoin operates everywhere and yet has no central point of weakness. It belongs to no one and yet is open to benefit everyone.
@_date: 2019-02-09 23:01:37
Kind of like buying NYC metrocards with BTC. Nice.
@_date: 2017-11-28 23:29:04
For example... $5 is currently .00050517. Couldn’t we conclude that there are millions of greater fools who in the future would pay $10 for that same .00050517?  For the sake of argument I’m not including transaction fees but u get what I’m saying right ?
@_date: 2018-06-01 22:20:33
what part of 'not working' doesn't register as a failure to you? customers wanted to use their cards.... the card processors weren't working. not delayed. they just didn't work, period. someone trying to get a bus or train ticket home.... woops. better have cash. out to dinner with your friends? sorry, cash only. and as more economies try to phase out physical cash (and who carries that much cash for a dinner with friends anyway), it just got that much more difficult to use cards (that rely on fiat) today. 
fiat is both physical cash and credit cards. but since hardly anyone carries enough cash on them for big purchases, the majority of people rely on their cards. well...their cards failed them today. all because of some hardware malfunction. where are the hardware servers stored? in centralized locations. if one goes down, it affects them all. that's a central point of failure.
the same applies to data hacks and breaches. hackers know that all of the info is stored in central servers owned by the credit cards. therefore, they have a target on their backs. compromise one data center, and  ALOT of people's info is also compromised all at once. that's a central point of failure.
so theres that.
@_date: 2019-02-27 07:44:52
New all time high, followed by a new low for that year ;)
@_date: 2017-11-27 04:31:20
If you have an erection lasting more than 4 hours, call more women
@_date: 2019-02-03 15:05:44
If the price of a whole bitcoin rises “so high”, spending of whole bitcoins might indeed reduce by a lot. But Satoshis will continue to be spent left and right, especially now that we have LN to send and receive satoshis for near practically free.
@_date: 2019-02-15 16:13:19
Mr Robot is a strangely prescient show. I can’t list it all now but there have been moments where something happens on the show and then something eerily similar happens later in real life. 
@_date: 2018-06-13 12:54:21
“As they should” does not inspire confidence. Every few years there is a crisis of some sort somewhere around the world. Or like in 2008, if affects everyone all at once. and it’s taxpayers who end up paying the most. That’s not a fair system. And then there are the many hacks and data breaches of sensitive information. 
Bitcoin has been around for approximately 10 years and still has a long way to go in adoption... but the fact that governments are just now beginning to take it seriously enough to form regulations around it show that it’s not just a fad. It’s here to stay. 
@_date: 2019-02-06 14:18:41
The early internet space was also fragmented, hostile, and convoluted. People had to have several email addresses depending on their ISP to message one another. The number of scams and criminal behavior was rampant and cyber security was a laughable exercise of whackamole. And it had hardly anything to do with the real world since people still happily subscribed to daily newspapers, used stamps and envelopes, physically wrote checks, and said happy birthday in person while sharing a little book filled with laminated photographs. Early internet didn’t have a reason to exist nor be understood because the world worked fine without it.... and yet look at where we are today.
Early crypto is facing the same challenges and the beauty of it is that it’s forcing developers to find solutions. And since actual value is at stake, there’s more of an incentive to get it right and to keep improving upon the protocols that are proving their mettle in the marketplace. 
@_date: 2019-06-30 12:48:36
Imagine if we were required to pay for private police insurance. Got mugged? Held at gun point? Family member kidnapped? Dial 911... oh wait, your situation isn’t covered by your plan unless there’s actual bodily harm. An investigation by private detectives will probably be negotiated so that you’re charged a copay that doesn’t count towards your deductible... which is 10,000.
@_date: 2019-06-29 14:31:58
When the “looming collapse” is mentioned, it refers to the fact that it remains as a realistic theoretical threat. The 2008 crisis proved just how close the world economy got to the edge of collapse. And despite all the regulations (which are being rolled back) and safe guards and stress tests put in place to prevent another financial crisis, the threat remains that central bankers will lose control of monetary policy because banks, traders, speculators, hedge funds, are all craving higher returns every year. To keep them happy, to keep shareholders happy, to keep board of directors happy, central bankers need to maintain a loose monetary policy. That system works.... until it doesn’t. And just when we approach the edge of collapse again, governments and central bankers do the one thing to stave off collapse: print more money and call it a “loan”, of “stimulus package”, or “quantitative easing”. They’re really nothing more than giant financial drips of adrenaline injected into the economy to keep us just off the edge of collapse.
Because this has happened, and continues to happen, and will happen again, Bitcoin acts as insurance of your wealth today because its fundamental structure is outside of the established global financial system. Bitcoin exists and will continue to accumulate in value because the theoretical threat remains (not that it will actually happen but that it can happen) that collapse is just around the corner. 
In the case of an actual collapse, where central banks print tons of cash but where it does nothing to help private banks’ balance sheets, the world will turn to bitcoin: a network that doesn’t belong to any one single entity, where its decentralization will have become wider and of greater ease of entry as technology gets better. I envision mining to be come fully automated and run by AI, maintained by renewable energy that would still keep going despite a societal collapse.
@_date: 2017-11-11 17:05:49
From what I understand, BCH has the advantage of larger size blocks and lower fees. And since it’s a hardfork from BTC, it also had BTC’s blockchain transactions before the fork happened.
But now, as it’s own coin, BCH will have to prove itself by maintaining its own blockchain that occurred after the fork. That’s the gamble going on. Many believe BCH will be able to scale better than BTC. That means the quality of its blockchain needs to be equal or superior to BTC’s blockchain. 
Personally, I have doubts. BCH does not appear decentralized in nature. It seems to be making lofty promises and hasn’t yet delivered. There’s good reason to be skeptical. However, traders and speculators will trade and speculate, thus causing volatility in prices. 
I believe that both can win. BCH in the short run to buy a cup of coffee... BTC in the long run as a store of value. I’d compare it to our current system where we have fiat money and gold. You buy coffee with fiat... you store value in gold. 
What will happen if and BCH’s blockchain is put to the test and doesn’t survive some technical glitch or outage? People will flock back to BTC in droves.
If BCH proves itself, good.but the road will still be bumpy and BTC will be seen as a safe haven. 
@_date: 2017-11-21 16:38:29
However, if i understand correctly, the problem remains with the exchanges and not bitcoin itself. 
It’d Be like  physical gold exchanges  not having actual liquid cash to fund their operations or keeps investors happy, so a failure in returning investor money would result in their business going bust... but gold retains its value. Yes there would be a dip in the short term, but investors would realize that physically buying the gold itself is better than buying thru a third party exchange. 
Same with bitcoin. I think a severe price crash would quickly recover. The miners would still keep operating. Just because a few exchanges go bust doesn’t necessarily impact miners, does it? In fact, they stand to get more rich. 
A crypto exchange going bust would have a negative effect on all coins and competing chains... but bitcoin has the advantage of having a chain 10 years in the making and a dedicated network of miners and coders. Thus making it the cryptocoin a safe haven investment. 
@_date: 2017-11-21 04:51:29
You’re right on the money. I bought this dip, ready to buy more. But I am monitoring the news about this tether hack. 
@_date: 2019-02-22 21:18:40
Middle-out! Middle out!
The dick-to-floor ratio. 
Such a great episode 
@_date: 2017-11-30 01:34:39
They were selling only Bcash. 
@_date: 2017-11-28 23:35:34
Exactly. But when dealing with smaller amounts, the amount of fools available wont quickly be depleted. It would only be limited by the size of total global population. And if we’re only at 0.01% of the world using bitcoin, look at how many “fools” have yet to get in. Thus the price still has room to run, by a lot. 
In traditional greater fool, the pool of fools quickly gets depleted. But what if when there seems to be a very large pool of fools? Then the price just keeps going up, for a very long time.
@_date: 2017-11-26 01:59:41
E-coin is basically ecorp stock that people can use to barter and trade with. There’s no meaningful ledger or blockchain that’s got years of transactions. E-coin would have no real value......... but it furthers the plot, so...
@_date: 2017-11-29 23:47:44
In another post I noticed Bolivia is up there in countries google searching bitcoin. I found that interesting since cryptocurrencies are banned in Bolivia. I dug a little deeper and found that Bcash is the result of this. Fuck you, roger. Real people are suffering real consequences because of his bcash shit that even Bolivia identified as a true fraud. 
Edit: I can’t translate it all but basically, bcash investors were robbed of their money and were met with physical violence when trying to get their money out of an exchange operating nefariously in Bolivia. That exchange was selling exclusively Bcash. Fuck Roger. 
@_date: 2017-11-25 15:46:51
Raging Metcalfe’s law
@_date: 2017-11-17 06:13:18
Screenshot or it didn’t happen. Lol 
@_date: 2017-11-26 00:44:38
That.... actually makes me feel nervous. 
@_date: 2017-11-21 04:28:13
fake money doesn’t necessarily mean fake demand. 
If I were to steal my friends money to buy a nintendo switch.... yes my money isn’t reallly mine but that doesn’t mean my purchase of the switch wasn’t based on real demand. And even if I’m forced to sell my switch, the demand is real, so much so that there’s an eager buyer ready to gobble it up . 
@_date: 2017-11-21 16:54:55
Scary for them for not knowing their customer and not doing due diligence. But your BTC transaction still exists. And even if ur forced to give it up, there’s always someone eager to gobble it up in this demand environment 
@_date: 2017-11-21 21:35:34
Attempting to kill bitcoin would effectively hit them back harder. Think of the socio-economic environment where governments would feel threatened by it. The dollar would be at all time lows, rampant inflation, and the debt to gdp ratio would be out of control. Shutting down bitcoin would only reinforce less trust in the dollar and all fiat currencies. In the short term BTC would take a hit, but then the value would sky rocket because where else would people go? 
Think of Venezuela and Zimbabwe right now 
@_date: 2017-11-29 23:57:38
What’s your problem with his post? Trading rules apply to bitcoin trading as well. Common denominator: human traders
@_date: 2017-11-28 23:56:50
I think I am. But I’m really hoping someone can poke holes into my premise. Because if I’m right, we should all ignore the current price and just buy more bitcoin. This seems high right now... but it could be the new base. As more people buy in and participate with the bitcoin network, according to Metcalfe’s Law, bitcoin’s value increases... by a lot. 
@_date: 2017-11-22 23:20:50
The answer I believe lies within your post.
You say you only know 10+ users buying BTC. Same here. That means there are many more whom we both know who are NOT YET invested in BTC. That’s a growth market right there. 
Idk about you or your 10+ friends but me and mine only invest what we can afford to lose or not need within the next few years. We have not over leveraged ourselves to point where we’re maxing out our credit cards to buy BTC. This is what makes buying BTC at these levels different that those who bought 3 houses. The real estate speculators over leveraged themselves beyond rational levels... to the point where even a small dip in home values would be enough to bankrupt them. This, to my knowledge, hasn’t happened with BTC yet. 
Because mass adoption hasn’t happened yet, because the average joe isn’t buying BTC, because it hasn’t gone truly mainstream yet, because there isn’t a critical mass of over leveraged BTC buyers out there....... because of all those reasons, BTC still has room to run. 
BTC is not like buying a home. There are costs to maintaining a house/property. Taxes, utilities, repairs. A buyer couldn’t just buy a home and sit on it. There were costs to be paid in the meantime before flipping it for a profit. In BTC, there are no maintenance fees. You buy it, you sit on it.... all it costs you was the money you put in. That’s it. 
Therefore, BTC doesn’t currently have the markers of a bubble that’s close to bursting. If it’s a bubble, it could pop at 100k... with a bottom at 10k...... which is still above current levels. 
@_date: 2017-11-23 03:52:33
You might be right perhaps sometime where we approach the 21 millionth bitcoin mined which is estimated to be in 2130. That’s a century from now. With population growth,  government debt to GDP ratios, and possible environmental instability.... people will want to go towards something more secure. And decentralized
@_date: 2017-11-23 03:29:54
Which reinforces my original point... BTC is not a bubble... yet. 
When the housing boom was going on, nearly everyone was either directly or indirectly participating and looking to benefit from the boom. New homeowners with shit credit scores, 20 year olds writing mortgages, CDO managers selling shit.... everyone was in on the party ... until it stopped. That was a bubble. BTC is nowhere near that. 
If we’re going to compare BTC adoption to stocks, we’re not even close to 5% of people investing in BTC. Which shows us that there’s room for growth and that BTC prices can and will continue to increase. Sooner or later, FOMO is going to creep in and thus push prices even higher. 
@_date: 2019-06-22 12:45:14
This sort of reminds of that scene in the Animatrix where the humans are congratulating themselves for coming up with the idea to blackout the sky to prevent sunlight that powers the AI machines. In this case, just printing more loose money is the dark cloud over the soundness of their money. And eventually their farce will be seen for what it is.... a desperate and futile attempt to save what is already beyond saving.
@_date: 2017-11-28 23:25:26
Right. At smaller amounts. 
@_date: 2017-11-21 04:53:44
Well how much can u afford to not need to use within the next year? I would say start with 100.... and be ready to buy more if the price continues to go down. And then just hold for a long time .
@_date: 2017-11-19 18:56:40
Vertical. He means we ought to think vertically 
@_date: 2017-11-19 23:15:52
I can’t upload your comments enough. Hey guys, this dude gets it. Stfu about his “rudeness”. Facts are facts... stone cold and true. No need to be nice or courteous about it. 
@_date: 2017-11-21 17:19:49
Yes. Very much yes. It has the longest blockchain 
@_date: 2017-11-21 04:47:37
You’re asking at the just the right minute . There’s a sell off happening. A buying opportunity. Make a coinbase account, and dip your toe in and buy some. Thank me a week, a month , a year from now 
@_date: 2017-11-21 04:17:07
So let me get this straight.... if BTC were bought with tethers that weren’t backed with real money, that doesn’t change the fact that actual BTC was purchased. Is Tether going to be forced to sell? That just means easy bottom feeding for those eager for BTC. And as tether goes down, investors will go where there’s safety... BTC. So... this is a win-win for BTC. 
@_date: 2017-11-21 18:55:02
This is the dip.... of tomorrow when the next high is at 11k but a correction happens and then price goes back to today’s levels. Get in... don’t watch from the outside.
@_date: 2017-11-21 05:02:56
Make more of what ?
@_date: 2017-11-19 23:13:23
Some give this comment gold. 
@_date: 2017-11-28 23:47:21
Well there is that much money. Whats the market cap of global fiat currency? Now whats the market cap of bitcoin? So u see... theres ALOT of wealth that could be transferred over to bitcoin. I concede that its speculation regarding how much of that money will transfer over.... but it is there. And since trust and confidence in government fiat isnt all that high, bitcoin seems like a better alternative 
@_date: 2017-11-28 23:38:41
SO then... my point kind of remains valid. In traditional
Greater fool theory, the price should crash after a quick run up because the pool of fools gets quickly depleted. But when dealing with fractions, the pool is even greater... vastly greater... thus causing the price to still keep going up above and beyond current levels.
@_date: 2017-11-06 11:05:43
@_date: 2017-11-21 04:32:57
The way I see it, buying BTC now is like a flight to safety the way investors go to US treasury bonds when the stock market goes thru high volatility. In the crypto world, BTC is the treasury bond.
@_date: 2019-04-26 22:07:56
any mechanism that lets you short BTC would be a positive for miners IMO. I figured that shorting BTC with the futures would be looked favorably by miners since its not guaranteed that bitcoin will continue going up at a rate to keep up with electricity costs while maintaining mining profitability. taking a short position at least protects you from heavy losses when BTC goes down in the short term.
@_date: 2018-06-02 00:14:37
Which is the beauty of open-source software. It’s tested and tested out in the open before it’s released for Main net use and even if there was a bug, not everyone will have updated to the new software all at once since there will be people running old software.... so the network can just reject the “bugged” blocks of the new software while the others running old but bug-free software keep the integrity of the network going. 
So, there’s that. 
@_date: 2019-04-14 12:22:51
Mining is basically a race. It incentivizes miners to use the best hardware to get the reward quicker. This encourages hardware to be built for the sole purpose of executing the algorithm to be the first to mine the next block. GPUs simply can’t match up to the power of an ASIC.
@_date: 2019-04-26 20:19:35
Couldn’t you use shorting futures as downside protection when electricity costs become too much when btc has a downwards movement?
@_date: 2019-04-15 12:51:39
Not really. Machines typically become better quality while going down in price. This happens in just about every piece of technology. The price of a 30 megabyte hard drive in the early 90’s was like $50 or so. Today, a $20 can get me a 128 GB sad card. And that’s just memory. CPUs and even GPUs are getting cheaper and faster than what they could do years ago. 
There is a market incentive to make the most power efficient ASICS (to reduce electricity costs which miners need to be profitable) while keeping the price down to compete in the market. Right now, Bitmain has a practical monopoly but other companies are getting into the asic-making business. This forces bitmain to compete in price and in quality because miners will want the cheapest hardware with the greatest electrical efficiency. As the bitcoin mining difficulty level goes up with the halvening of the reward every 4 years, there is a greater incentive to make the best machines at lower price points to stay competitive.
@_date: 2019-04-08 16:03:00
This reminds me of when Jon Snow refused to bend the knee to Cersei, after which Tyrion tells him he could have just lied. But then Jon says “When enough people make false promises, words stop meaning anything. Then there are no more answers, only better and better lies”.
And that’s what our financial system is based on. Every central bank in the world isn’t being honest about their balance sheets, their debt levels... it’s all smoke and mirrors. But it keeps working because they have to get creative with every new lie/tool to keep the system running. This might actually continue for some time because the lie of “economic growth” is all that keeps the masses just satisfied enough to not revolt.... but that’s not going to last forever 
@_date: 2019-04-14 10:32:35
Play Megaman Battle Network. Such a prophetic and fun game series.
@_date: 2019-04-11 21:49:14
Not this
@_date: 2019-04-14 12:45:10
In the short term, yes. ASICS do make bitcoin somewhat centralized because mining is expensive and only a few well-funded groups and individuals can participate in the mining worldwide. However, this won’t always be the case. Every generation of hardware becomes better, faster, and cheaper to manufacture. Think of it like this:
The tablet market in the beginning was centralized to only apple with the iPad. No other manufacturer could compete. While apple could still make a small profit with every entry-level iPad sold at $499, Samsung and others simply could not and had to take a loss with their tablets which couldn’t match the iPad in terms of hardware specs. So for a long time, the iPad market was centralized to just apple.
But now look at what’s happened. The tablet market has slowed down, apple now makes better iPads at a $329 entry level cost, and it no longer has market dominance since cheaper android tablets have flooded the market, 
Point is, hardware in the beginning is centralized and it’s only an option for those who can afford it. But I predict that ASICS will soon come down in price while increasing power and efficiency... which then will lead to more miners entering the space at lower upfront costs, thus leading to greater decentralization than the current status. More decentralization is worth the cost because the race to get to the next block will always result in more efficient mining machines to be made. The algorithm must stay the same so as to keep the network secure and to maintain consensus. Hardforking just to avoid ASICS isn’t an efficient way to maintain security and consensus, which is also another key ingredient to bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-11-14 21:41:03
Comparing the percentage drops among the coins gives you the answer. The greater the drop, the greater the sell off of that coin. The lesser the drop, the more likely it is that the alt coin sellers are quickly buying bitcoin... and then selling it since bitcoin has more off ramps to fiat rather than their own shitcoins. 
@_date: 2018-03-16 20:36:41
What fees? No seriously. What fees? Segwit and batching and now lightning just fixed that. Again, I ask: what fees?
What inconvenience? How’s this for inconvenience: if my customer tried paying me with fake single or $5 bills (bc who ever checks those anyway), and I take those bills to the bank.... whoops. Now it’s my problem. Or if a client uses a stolen credit card and the real owner tries to cancel that transaction. Whoops ok then... my loss. 
What inconvenience with crypto? 
What risk? Has the network been compromised? Has anyone’s keys been guessed? Oh you’re probably referring to price volatility in the exchanges. Well, since we’re in the early stages of crypto, i accept that there will be volatility. As a small business owner, i’d Probably cash out any crypto for fiat since I still operate in a fiat economy... but I would only cash out what I need in order to maintain cash flow... I can still keep a portion of every transaction in crypto and hold it for the long term. 
@_date: 2018-03-20 00:55:18
Looks like it’ll be an ERC 20 type of coin.
@_date: 2018-03-23 16:37:57
well, with segwit and lightning, cant we say the issue has been (or is being) corrected? 
@_date: 2018-03-30 21:13:59
They know the volatility involved and I offer to accept half fiat, half crypto. It works rather well. You’re saying you can’t pay anyone in bitcoin. So are all the transactions on the blockchain in the past 10 years just made up numbers? No one, not a single person, ever paid or got paid in bitcoin? Is that your point?
@_date: 2018-11-04 01:23:03
This comment reminds me of the currency used in the Mega Man Legends universe. Zenny. It’s basically crystal shards found in underground mines which is then used to power their many machines and ships and all sorts of tech. But just as it is used as a power source, it’s also an accepted form of financial transactions. Because... why wouldn’t it be? Something that is produced by energy and which can then be used as a system of money makes it advanced smart money. As mining becomes more efficient, I can imagine smart devices and appliances all mining satoshis while they are turned on and used. Want to microwave your dinner that’s hooked up to your Alexa? Send a signal from your smart phone, microwave turns on, heats up food, and also uses that energy to mine a few satoshis. In fact, an entire smart home setup could use otherwise phantom electricity to mine satoshis. It seems stupid today bc satoshis are barely worth anything..... but what happens when one satoshi equals one cent? 
@_date: 2018-03-30 08:04:25
They are efficient BECAUSE they are centralized. I recently started using Zelle bank transfers with a friend. That’s faster than Venmo. I was pleasantly surprised...... and yet scared as well.
With efficiency, we also give up something more important. We give up and compromise security. For example, Zelle transfers are quick because it uses my email address connected to my bank account which I then use to send money to my friends account that is connected to her email account. Wonderful right? Not so fast. Zelle can do this because it has access to my personal information which the banks are sharing with one another. 
Let’s step back and give an honest look at how responsible the rich assholes have been with our private information. They haven’t been. They never will be. No matter how many firewalls or redundant layers of security they put on, the simple fact is that our personal information is stored on a central point somewhere, and the weak spot is ALWAYS a human not following procedure. Or like in the case of Facebook and any other rich asshole we trust with any info, financial or otherwise, they are complicit in sharing and selling our info. 
It may not seem like it now, but people are starting to realize they are much better off holding on to their personal data and soon they are going to realize they can hold on to their personal money and it doesn’t mean they’ll just stuff their mattress with bills instead of going to the bank. Cryptocurrencies provides for a better alternative where their hard earned money can stay secured and away from the rich assholes who have proven they will happily gamble with customer money and then expect a taxpayer bailout when they fuck up. 
Interestingly, the rich assholes have an incentive to embrace crypto currency as well. One day they’re going to do the math and realize that it’s costing them wayyyyyy too much money securing and complying with regulations to keep customers money safe. Instead of spending money and resources to manage money, they could just embrace bitcoin and everything would become cheaper for them. The less they have to be forced to be responsible with, the greater freedom they have to do the other things they are good at... like lending and credit and financing. 
Governments might soon embrace cryptocurrencies because they know they can’t just keep printing money to pay the debt they owe each other. And just imagine how much they’ll save on not having to come up with new ways to print unforgeable paper money since cryptocurrencies by design can’t be faked or duplicated. 
In every technological revolution, the cheaper and more secure option wins adoption. Fiat money beat out gold and silver coins. Credit and debit cards beat out paper cash. And now decentralized cryptocurrencies hold the best alternative against a system with too many weak points. 
@_date: 2018-03-18 15:34:27
I make custom designed dresses for proms and bridesmaids. Good money in it since women outnumber men and all men need is a tux and they’re good to go. Making women’s clothes carries higher margins because every woman and teen girl going to prom wants to have a unique look.... which I charge extra for. This was going very well until 2008 when my high networth clients started pulling back on custom orders and were literally buying simple dresses from Dots and Macy’s. 
Business is back up and better than before but I got lucky. Many others weren’t so lucky. 
@_date: 2018-03-20 22:14:52
How’s Jared?
@_date: 2018-03-16 21:51:17
I’m a consumer as well. And I recognize it’s on me to protect my crypto wallet keys. Just as it’s my responsibility to protect my physical leather wallet. And it’s my problem if I lose that leather wallet just as it’s my problem if I’m careless with the crypto keys to my bitcoin wallet. 
And anyone who isn’t careful shouldn’t be in crypto. I understand that’s still the majority of people out there..... but once they realize how vulnerable their precious fiat is to censorship and government surveillance.... and the occasional hacking of their bank or credit bureau.... crypto will seem like a better alternative and they will learn how to protect their keys. 
@_date: 2018-11-13 12:15:31
When everyone freely trades, everyone realizes they stand to make more money by getting along with their former enemy instead of pointing a gun at them. Freely trading goods and services makes everyone need each other, ALIVE, so that you get consistent returning customers. This is why EU was created. Remember the Middle Ages when Europe was at constant war with each other? Collaboration in economics undermines the need to have to point nukes at each other. 
@_date: 2018-03-20 00:52:58
Except money. He doesn’t lose money. Not now, not ever. 
@_date: 2018-03-17 19:04:57
Because we don’t have Universal Basic Income. For it to work, it needs to happen everywhere to everyone. These isolated tests here and there aren’t going to last or prove it’s effectiveness. Automation will happen, and people will still need food and basic services. Are the robots just going to serve each other? (actually I should be afraid of the answer to that) but still. Humans are still going to be around and their demands are going to have to met with enough supply. 
@_date: 2018-03-15 14:10:35
I own stocks. I own some bitcoin. Wait wait though. You’re right, I don’t have two nickels... not on me or within reach because I haven’t had use for coins in some time. 
Mansion requires yearly costs in maintenance. And imminent domain could take it away. Bitcoin doesn’t cost me anything after I got it, except the day to day volatility in price which I expect will smooth out. It’s simple math. A digital wallet doesn’t have yearly fees, a digital wallet can’t be taken away by the government. 
@_date: 2018-11-28 05:13:58
Volatility decreases as actual usage and adoption increase. More merchant activity, less exchange activity equals balanced prices based on adoption and usuals rather than on day-traded speculation.
@_date: 2018-03-30 21:32:49
Still no one?
@_date: 2018-03-19 20:44:32
Peter Thiel will keep that from happening. Sucks for your narrative. 
@_date: 2018-11-28 23:26:17
I’m still in profit lol. How am
I a chump? I did sell all of my bcash though, from the split. And all my  lite coin. I do admit I’m now in the red with ethereum but I’m dollar cost averaging that and today’s rise is close to getting me in profit with ethereum. So far so good. I’d call a 70% return from my initial capital invested to be good, no? Better than stocks in that same time frame. Barely 7% on the s&amp;p .
@_date: 2018-03-14 17:14:02
I'm somewhat concerned that most of the positive voices about crypto is coming from republicans.  ideologically, I'm more liberal but crypto may be the deciding single-issue for me in the coming midterms. 
@_date: 2018-03-20 00:49:50
Except that untested cookie jar isn’t secure against unauthorized hands looking to get free and unsecured cookies. 
@_date: 2018-03-14 17:30:56
heres why we are in a bear market:
the threat of regulation is becoming more real. and IMO it is about time. ICO's are scamming people left and right. however, usually one needs to buy ethereum or bitcoin first before buying some ICO. if ICO's are deemed securities, then they will effectively be wiped out and there will be less of an incentive for new investors to buy bitcoin and ethereum to get in on ICO's (since you cant really buy into an ICO with fiat money). so that's one reason for the bear market
another reason is the speculators are realizing the party is over. those pump and dump traders aren't going to be able to make those quick gains in an environment with less shitcoins out there and where the trading volumes of bitcoin and ethereum start winding down. so the party is over for them.
another reason is the ongoing fundamental misunderstanding of the true value of bitcoin and other cryptos like ethereum and litecoin. the average guy in the street simply thinks that bitcoin is just another form of digital money. they don't know about nor understand the need and value for decentralized trustless networks and how it makes for a better money system. 
and then theres the lingering insider trading fear that still permeates throughout cryptos.
ever since Charlie Lee sold his entire holdings of Litecoin, uninformed traders and investors think that developers of bitcoin are just creating coins out of thin air, ready to dump them on the open market. they don't understand that in a decentralized system, it is better for the legitimacy of the system if its developers let go of their coin holdings and influence.  the only way to do that is to sell it off. but the average investor sees a Charlie Lee-type of insider sell similar to the way a CEO sells off his stock prior to bad company news. cryptocurrencies ARE NOT like stocks.
so theres that. i hope that kind of explains why we are in a bear market........which, mark my words, will not last too long. 
@_date: 2018-03-20 17:49:35
Asset-backed crypto is just a few steps leading towards the bitcoin-backed asset.
@_date: 2018-03-20 13:13:19
O’Leary is too smart to get involved in a token-based venture without a blockchain of sorts. He is all about that segment of Wall Street that prefers blockchain minus bitcoin.
He also mentions smart contracts and the coin representing some ownership of whatever the hotel is offering. It’ll be a blockchain, probably an ETH based one since he mentioned smart contracts. And I also assume all the basic rules of protecting your tokens/wallets/keys will apply. 
Since it is SEC approved, im also guessing this will be open to accredited investors first, not the general Main Street retail investor. Accredit investors are just a bit smarter and they take more than average precautions regarding the safety of their money. 
@_date: 2018-11-28 23:19:15
Just fine. Considering I got in around the 2400 level. And thanks to these crashes, i’ve been loading up on more. I have a 25 year outlook. You’re welcome to check in every now and then. 
@_date: 2018-03-08 17:29:45
that was news two days ago.
basic rule: if china is against it, invest in it and hold 
@_date: 2018-03-15 17:42:03
wouldn't this lead to some form of centralization though? 
@_date: 2018-03-09 17:01:30
this smug girl on my IG keeps calling it internet monopoly money. that it has no real value and doesn't exist because its just digital and anyone can copy and paste code. 
i then ask her if she understands what a proof of work system is. she says it doesn't matter if she doesn't know, the point is the chart says its a tulip mania so it must be fake. 
@_date: 2018-03-30 21:26:09
Then there’s the people in venezuela and other countries where governments ruined their own fiat. People aren’t speculating when they switch to bitcoin and other cryptos. It’s a matter of life or death, eat or starve, freedom or incarceration.... and yet they still prefer bitcoin instead of the bolivar.  
Oh no... but wait, they must be speculating on food and water. I see. 
@_date: 2018-03-16 21:34:57
Be careful when you say “never”. I didn’t say I would avoid exchanges and conversions completely. It’s just my preference not to use them. 
If I can pay my supplier in BTC, which I’m already negotiating with using a mix of litecoin and BTC, and I can pay employees (those who want it and indeed are asking for it) in crypto, then I will. And I can. And I’m going to. I can stomach this volatility. And so far, I find it more secure than fiat.
I don’t have to worry that my business account will one day be frozen if I’m not compliant with one little rule. I don’t have to worry about funds being seized. I don’t have to worry about censorship... who to buy from or who to sell to depending on their past activity. I don’t have to worry about fake bitcoins. And now with lightning and segwit, I don’t have to worry about fees. 
@_date: 2018-03-30 21:10:21
What was the proof of work system for producing beanie babies? Did beanie babies have a decentralized network built on consensus? Was it immutable? Censorship resistant?  Don’t compare one thing with something completely different. 
@_date: 2018-03-19 21:23:27
Let them find out on their own the limitations of their own closed-blockchain crypto. It won’t take long until they realize that a bitcoin-backed asset is more secure than their private blockchains. 
But let’s say they use ethereum. Even better. With cross-chain transactions, atomic swaps, and decentralized exchanges, investors will begin questioning why even bother cashing out to USD when converting to BTC has more long term value.
@_date: 2018-03-20 00:52:21
They abandon their shit private blockchain and transfer over to a secure decentralized blockchain with a decade of proven resilience. Now let me google search what that might be..... 
@_date: 2018-03-11 20:06:38
I define security as the ability for the value of my week’s pay to remain what it is so that I can buy goods or services with today or tomorrow or next year. Basically, if the $600 I worked hard for this week retains its $600 in purchasing power today or next year or 5 years from now, I consider that secure. But that’s not the case. Even if I leave my $600 in a savings account that grows less than 1% a year, I still lose 2% in buying power due to inflation. What the hell. My $600 today should be able to buy 5 years from now the same things I can buy today. I remember when happy meals were 1.99. Now what are they? So protection from inflation would be one aspect of security that I find bitcoin is better at than fiat. 
Another security flaw is that fiat is at the mercy of governments and politics. Look what happened to India’s use of fiat. One day u had a certain amount in the bank, the next day you didn’t. Same in Greece. In Venezuela. The euro itself went thru that crisis not so long ago regarding Greece and other countries. USD isn’t all that secure since China can take the lead in dumping its massive treasury bonds on the open market any time they want to. Internal US politics caused the US to lose it’s triple A rating. Meanwhile, my hard earned weekly $600 is at the mercy of forces that I have no control over nor should they have any control over me. But fiat has that vulnerability where it’s value is tied to whatever a government is doing. And I haven’t even mentioned the fact that fiat is used for financial surveillance where at any time, my money could be frozen by the government if they at any moment became corrupt and decided to selectively choose who is allowed to transact in the economy. If I give or receive money from the wrong person or entity, my account can get black listed and frozen. Asset forfeiture is still a thing in the US. 
Bitcoin protects against all of that. And the rules are very simple. Protect your keys, don’t leave your coins on an exchange. That’s it. Anybody who doesn’t follow that simple rule is bound to expose themselves to the fraud that indeed is out there. But if people managed their wallets better, and were properly educated on how to use them, then the fraud being done would be less. However, the bitcoin protocol still protects my hard earned $600 from government surveillance, from government policies, corruption, censorship, and inflation. I don’t have to fear that one day some government official will say the wrong thing and go on tv and say “don’t worry, citizens, your dollars are safe”. We all know such a declaration would indicate that it is not safe and that you better convert your fiat into something else quickly. 
Security for me means being protected from human policy and error. Bitcoin is pure math. Fiat is politics, censorship, means of surveillance, and inflationary. 
@_date: 2018-03-30 06:20:07
So you’re the guy that got us near the death cross? Thanks. It’s usually a bear trap. Bought at 6750. Thanks dude. 
@_date: 2018-03-18 15:08:53
It’s not conspiracy talk. It’s happening. Russia meddled in our democracy. China is undermining our USD any chance they can get. 
Russia made a call to China to discuss dumping US treasuries. These things happened...... 
we owe China a butt load of money. That happened. It’s miracle the USD still has any value at all. 
@_date: 2018-03-23 15:20:59
did it just say that "max transactions per second is 4"? 
at like 2:45 in, that's where he mentions that. and that is where the video lost some credibility. 
to say that 4 transactions per second is THE max that it can process is very short-sighted and disingenuous now that we have Lightning Network and Segwit making it possible to execute more transactions in less time. 
anytime someone says that a certain number is the max that the technology can process is simply ignorant about how technology progresses where each generation manages to find a way to do more with less. 
 Edit: its a video that sells some sort of subscription/software teaching service. Hard pass. 
@_date: 2018-03-08 17:58:20
that 12k resistance may happen a few more times if the mt gox selling is to continue. at this rate, we are range bound between 8600 and 11500 until late summer. by then, we should see greater price movements upwards. 
@_date: 2018-03-30 08:34:47
I was just about to go to sleep and then your post woke me right up. 
With that said, I have to ask, in that scenario, what exactly could cause such a shock that would increase demand for bitcoin? If it’s a debt-caused shock, that would be because too much bitcoin was lent out and now the borrowers can’t pay back? Who would be increasing demand? The banks or lenders? 
Anyway... as I ponder on those scenarios, I think I should be clear that bitcoin is not intended to be the only cryptocurrency in the world. It’s the first of its kind and it fulfills it’s purpose of being a decentralized transmitter of value. It can be used as a medium of exchange but I don’t believe it was meant to be the single world economy currency. For the reasons you laid out, it can’t be. 
However, bitcoin’s continued existence would prove that a decentralized system of cryptocurrencies is possible in an increasingly tech-driven digital economy. Other coins and protocols could be built on top of bitcoin (or separately) that could fulfill other purposes. For example, we could have an slow and steady inflationary crypto to power the spending economy. 
Although we don’t hear about them much, there are projects in development where multiple coins and chains could be transacted at the same time. Things like coin-joins and atomic swaps are going to happen. Envision a cryptocurrency economy where there are various coins for varying purposes, but all relying on a bitcoin base layer as it’s security. 
Imagine you and I doing business with two different cryptocoins. Each can have some of its value tied to bitcoin in some manner allowing you and I to exchange a product with our respective coin while relying on the bitcoin base layer. That’s actually possible today though it requires other cryptos to mature before it’s more widely used. 
Basically.... although my comment history might make me seem like a bitcoin maximalist... I’m really not. I believe bitcoin is the first of many protocols to come into maturity, all of which will prove that value can be transacted without central bank middlemen. 
@_date: 2018-03-18 14:15:59
I’m not 21. I have a small business. I barely survived the 2008 crash despite my business having nothing to do with mortgages. Those fuckers at the Fed, and those even bigger fuckers in Wall Street gambled with their precious fiat and devalued what I put into my home and business property. Don’t tell me it’s some made up scary narrative. It was real and I made through it. 
There’s is no fucking reason why Fed policies and greedy Wall Street gambling with public money should have affected my home and business. I sell a good and a service. The value of that good and service should be determined by me and my customer. The value of my property should remain what I put into it or whatever the market value is... but which should also not be at the mercy of gambling and fraud perpetrated by Wall Street gamblers who were betting on both sides of the mortgage backed security trades. 
That was a real scenario. And it’s happening again. Governments are in debt to each other. Tell me who out there in the developed world has a balance sheet that’s NOT in the red. Who? Europe? Yeah ok. China? Russia? South America? The US? Everyone is lying to everyone about the value of their currencies. 
You really believe those lies can keep going, propping up that precious paper u bought pizza with? 
I choose a system outside of all of that. Good luck though. Enjoy the pizza 
@_date: 2018-03-17 18:37:37
well then let me make it sense to you.
now that the trustee knows that his wallet and transfers are being watched like a hawk, he knows that anything he says or does about it will move the price. and obviously, he'll want to sell at the highest price possible over time so that money can be raised to go back to creditors. rather than say anything, which could be interpreted as him selling, which would cause the price to go lower, his best course of action is to shut up about it. saying how he plans to sell or when he plans to sell will move the price the moment he says it, thus hurting his planned trade.
@_date: 2018-03-27 11:16:36
And this is why it’s good that Twitter and others are clamping down on scam activities on their platforms... because there are still swaths of people like OP who still fall for fake profiles spreading fake info... or those asking for crypto funds while promising to send back more. 
Learn how to spot fake profiles, OP. Not that difficult 
@_date: 2018-03-29 16:04:05
OP's username checks out
@_date: 2018-03-30 05:52:39
Let’s not forget that the app with the animal ears and sparklies (in fact, both of those apps who shall remain nameless) collects our personal data and spy on our every move, every tap, every second we spend on an ad or something related, our location, our “like” preferences... all so it can get packaged into a nice product for advertisers so they can know more about us than we even know about ourselves. Those apps are worth billions and yet operate at a loss.
When has bitcoin ever asked about me? All I need as a wallet address, never need to put in my name or info. And done... I can receive bitcoin. Is my location data stored on the blockchain somewhere? Any of my “likes”? Any of my friends lists? My purchasing preferences? Are my video calls logged and stored in the blockchain? Is bitcoin selling that data to some shady company who will then bombard me with fake news and trolls, trying to sway my political opinions one way or another? 
The market may value those apps at a certain number, but it can’t escape the truth that they ultimately provide no value or protection whereas bitcoin provides both and never asks for anything in return.
@_date: 2018-03-29 16:19:58
you can buy two potatoes for a dollar today. over time, that same dollar wont be able to buy half of one potato. the people that hoard dollars today are only going to end up buying less potatoes in the future than they could have if they bought today. Why? because of the magic of inflation.  Now don't get me wrong. i understand the positives of inflation and how it stimulates spending today which itself stimulates the economy. that purchasing power of that dollar erodes and its the fear of that erosion that compels people to spend today.
However, a monetary system that compels spending via inflation is a system that creates bubbles and financial crisis. Furthermore, that monetary system is itself devaluing its own currency, increasing the likelihood of its total collapse if tomorrow we wake up to one morning where everyone's debt becomes unsustainable and some big country wants its money back and starts dumping treasuries. 
If china and Russia and a few EU member states start dumping US treasuries and begin to trade commodities with each other using their own currencies, the dollar is no more. in that very likely scenario (due to the United States' massive debt) one will need wagons full of dollars to get those two potatoes. 
@_date: 2018-03-30 21:18:59
Your shit doesn’t have proof of work. And it can decompose and change form quite easily. Your farts quickly become diluted with all the other particles it mixes with in the air. Sorry. Still not an equal comparison.
By censorship resistant I mean no one can tell me what to do with it or take it away from me unless I am careless with the keys. I decide who to pay, I decide who to get it paid from. It should be no ones business. And specially the government. Every month there’s some new hack where our private data is leaked out. I don’t remember putting in my social security number, address, license, date of birth when I setup my wallets. Therefore, no one can freeze my wallets.
@_date: 2018-03-21 14:10:43
oh you're trying to use facts, common sense, and rational thinking on reddit? good luck.
by the way, excellent post. 
@_date: 2018-03-19 21:29:09
They will most likely be pre-mined. 
Yes it’s not that amazing for us because we know where the true value is: decentralized, proof of work, trustless, consensus backed blockchain. 
O’Leary is going gaga over an asset backed coin because his Wall Street mind refuses to attribute value to anything unless it’s backed by something he can physically touch. It takes a while for the tangible-focused mind to discover value in something virtual... but at least it’s something. This venture of his is a good first step. 
@_date: 2019-01-30 18:30:37
I laughed a little when she hit the button to print the email. And then the buzzing and tattering began as the paper slowly showed the printed message... the way images used to load on a 56k modem lol. How far we’ve come. 
@_date: 2018-11-29 00:28:51
Lol! You think you need lawyers to use the CBOE or CME bitcoin futures to short it?!  Lol. Ok buddy. 
Clearly you have this magical foresight that btc will go to zero so you’re the chump for not taking advantage of the opportunity to short it and thus profit with your magical conviction. 
It’s posts like yours (the same ones that appeared the last time BTC had a quick run up a few years back) that give me conviction to buy more. You guys point and laugh that btc price went down from a massive high..... and then things quiet down and then wooops.... another run up. Lol. I will concede that BTC may very well go to zero.... but it may hit 100k first before then. Why? Bc the level of speculation that drove it up to 20k was only done by a small number of investors. Wall Street wasn’t involved. The average joe wasn’t involved..... Coinbase could barely process new account openings during this time last year. There’s still a few more speculative bull runs left to happen before btc hits zero. Even with all the media coverage, the global adoption of btc is still less than 1% of global population. Just imagine when we get to close 2 or even 5% of global population willing to speculate on it lol. So yeah.... see ya at zero.... but we’ll more likely see 100k or higher first. Lol
@_date: 2018-03-21 16:18:26
bitcoin accomplishes two things at once: the security of the blockchain with securely transferring financial value.
both work together elegantly and (keyword) securely. Yes there are thousands of other alt-coins, each with their own special feature. but none have 10 years worth of battle-hardened security built into its blockchain and protocol. that's what makes it stand out: security.
a new coin coming out today may have some fancy new bells and whistles. that's all fine and good. but how's its network? its developers? how many bugs has it fixed? how many attacks has it defended against? it takes time to build a secure system against all of those things and still execute that fancy new feature in a way that is secure.
bitcoin is the first to do that; secure transactions thru a secure blockchain that has 10 years worth of data as proof that it weathered the storm and is stronger than ever. would you place $10000 on a new coin's blockchain that is perhaps 1 week or 1 month old? or would you place it on a blockchain that has 10 years worth of built-in security?
@_date: 2018-03-15 11:40:03
Cost of upkeep and property taxes of mansion.
Compare to cost of upkeep and taxes for holding bitcoin. 
I’ll take bitcoin... which the government doesn’t even need to know I have so it’s not subject to being taken away. A mansion though will take some fight in a court to argue against imminent domain. 
@_date: 2018-03-08 17:51:04
I'm no right-winger but how is this bad? the ideology of the user of Bitcoin is irrelevant. minus the anti-immigrant, gun-toting, bible-thumping, hyper nationalist aspect of right wingers, one of their core beliefs is in the freedom of the individual to do as he pleases without government intervention. 
for a lack of time, i could make a more lengthy argument on why right-wing ideology is based on a distrust of both governments and their neighbors and fellow citizens. and why wouldn't they be? governments don't always act in the most efficient or socially responsible way regarding personal freedoms. and your average joe neighbor cant be trusted because, well, humans suck. theres always one person looking to one-up someone else, looking to take advantage or edge the system in their favor. 
with cryptos, that element of trust between peers is settled by impartial mathematical rules built into the protocol. as a user, i don't have to trust a middle man to carry out my bitcoin/crypto/blockchains/smart contracts transaction. it just happens. 
left-leaning ideology is willing to place that trust on benevolent authority structures. a citizenry would have to place trust in human institutions to carry out efficient and responsible government programs. but........ that doesn't always work out for everyone and right-wingers are right to despise this system since they are often made to feel like they need to get with the program, the agenda, or else. 
freedom to trust a humanless system is one of, if not the, core values of bitcoin. right-wingers are bound to embrace it over lefties. 
edit: WOW thank you for the Gold! 
i should add that in the beginning, right wingers are more likely to adopt bitoin and cryptos but over time, leftists will also see the benefits of enacting their agenda via trustless networks and blockchains. after all, the fact that Bernie Sanders was railroaded by the Democratic party just shows that hierarchies don't work in the best interests of their members. imagine if primary voting had been done on a blockchain system, where election funds and financing is kept in check with a distributed ledger... where the money flow is fair and open for everybody to see. 
Now imagine a trustless network where people can do, say, transact whatever they want. Social services on a blockchain where no one can game the system. Responsible journalism where truth can be certified on a blockchain of truth with a serious proof-of-work system that could, in theory, weed out trolls and fake news. This is all possible. both political wings have a lot to gain by willing to cast aside their mutual distrust and instead placing it in the truth of numbers and mathematics. 
@_date: 2018-03-20 00:54:47
I think the coin will have benefits like a timeshare. Or some benefit you can obtain from the asset. IMO it’s more liquid because that crypto could be easily converted into ETH or BTC. Which might soon beg the question: why even use USD as a unit of measuring value?
@_date: 2018-03-30 21:31:24
No one? Not a single person?
@_date: 2018-03-31 21:04:57
Upvoting your upvote
@_date: 2018-03-30 21:08:16
??? Is that a serious comment?
I send and receive bitcoin quite frequently. I work in custom designing and altering women’s clothing... gets really busy around prom season. Last year I gave clients the option to pay in BTC. As winter strolled around, more people were offering. Not crowds of people but more than last year. 
This prom season I have parents and high school kids asking how to setup their wallets. 
I have a client in Canada who sent me her dress to redesign with some new fabric. We’re skipping PayPal since her private information was hacked. So we’re doing bitcoin this year, 
I can’t pay anyone in bitcoin? So no one can pay me? Rrrriighhttttt
@_date: 2018-03-30 05:17:32
Bitcoin is more of a protocol than a new form of money. It’s a radical departure from how we think about attributing value to an object with which we can transact business and commerce with. 
For centuries we have given value to whatever the government says will be the object of transacting value: gold, silver, copper, shells, beads, feathers... paper money. A physical object, sanctioned by a government, has always been that medium of exchange. With digital fiat money, that same government money is still controlled by the government and has the same value as the paper cash in your wallet only that with digital fiat it’s all traceable and subject to surveillance and censorship. 
Bitcoin and crypto currencies are a technological revolution because it’s mere existence proves that a system of value can exist WITHOUT a central government. It can do what traditional money can do by cutting out middlemen: private banks, clearing houses, government central bankers, remittance processors. 
The bitcoin network acts like a central bank, a private bank, a clearing house, and a remittance processor all in one protocol. I can send value to someone across the world and I don’t need a bank or a western union to process it for me. I don’t need a bank account and the receiver of my bitcoin doesn’t need a bank account. It’s done peer to peer. 
So when we say that bitcoin is a technology that can start the next tech revolution, what we mean is that the entire banking system as we know it is about to change. It doesn’t seem like it now... but once the world begins to realize they can’t trust all these middle men to act as protectors and administrators of our hard earned money, they’ll go towards a trustless decentralized network. 
Whereas everything today is centralized in one way or another, decentralization will change everything since it will take power away from the big players and give it back to the average people. 
@_date: 2018-11-04 01:11:47
Energy that can be harnessed into a medium where it can act as a store of value, a form of digital cash, or in connection with a smart contract, all of it in a decentralized network that is secured by increasing hashrate and further layers of security being built on-top, is not infinite... and therefore has value. Bitcoin is the next bitcoin 
@_date: 2018-03-21 20:04:45
Higher interests rates has an effect on crypto. Educate yourself, 
@_date: 2018-03-14 17:32:55
true. but its hard to really know when to exit and re-enter. that's for professional traders and even they get it wrong sometimes. I'm a true believer and will be stocking up as the misunderstanding and fear continues to takeover. 
@_date: 2018-03-21 14:18:45
what took place of the internet? was there some internet2? did AOL or Prodigy or CompuServe or Juno make some new internet? 
or... was the internet the first and only of its kind and now is vastly improved upon what it once was? 
you see, in the case of a protocol, being first DOES mean it gets superior over time. it gets applications built on top of it, a whole infrastructure to make it better.
kind of like roads and highways for automobiles. there aren't alternatives to roads and highways for automobiles to get around.... its just roads and highways that get improved and maintained from time to time. its the first and nothing has taken the place of roads and highways. is there some other type of pathway you drive your car on?
bitcoin is a protocol. open-source. it facilitates transactions in a secure manner. its that security that gives it its first-mover advantage and will continue to make it superior to anything that comes later. nothing superior can take its place........ unless a time machine is invented and a blockchain is started and attacked and made resilient over 10 years of its existence.
@_date: 2018-03-11 12:30:35
You give too much credit to governments’ ability to ban anything and expecting the ban to wipe it out. What did prohibition do to the price of alcohol?
What’s the street value of illicit drugs?
What’s the value of cryptographically protected remodeled smart phones?
What’s the value of anything that is suddenly made scarce by a government ban?
Let’s assume BTC and all crypto mining is banned. Sure..: prices would plummet everywhere because crypto to fiat would be impossible... not to mention the run for the exits by every trader. Then what?
The BTC protocol still works. The network hasn’t lost integrity. The math still checks out. And the few remaining mining operations doing so in secret are still processing transactions. And you can’t ban math. Due to exchanges being illegal, a ban would only increase the scarcity of bitcoin. That would skyrocket the value of bitcoin. But since BTC to fiat conversions would be impossible, it’s value wouldn’t be measured in fiat numbers. Instead, it would be measured by what people are willing to transact with it. 
For a lack of a better example, one day, 1 BTC could buy some eggs. Then it can buy some chickens. A week later maybe a cow. Another week later, perhaps a farm. You see where I’m going with this? A whole market of goods and services would arise where such goods and services are, in the black market, priced in BTC. This would work well in countries where the government currency is worth nothing and dollars and Euros are extremely hard to come by. And that’s another thing...... in countries where certain currencies are banned, that currency suddenly has greater value than the government currency. Just look at Venezuela. 
Banning mining can’t be enforced because the technology could adapt where miners could setup shop in international waters, or in countries where enforcement is rendered meaningless if you can bribe the local law enforcement to look away. Isn’t that what Mexican cartels do to government officials? Thus driving up the price of weed? Hasn’t anybody seen Narcos or Weeds? 
So... a ban on cryptos and crypto mining wouldn’t cause a long term plummeting in the price. HODLers would still be rewarded in the long term because it’s market value outside of the exchanges would truly come to fruition. Instead of exchanges determine value, it would be actual usage that would determine value. And not every country will ban cryptos or cryptomining. All that’s needed is one stable government with a legislature being voted in by a generation of people in favor of voting for crypto legalization........ once they realize their precious fiat is valued at nothing after sovereign debt levels become unsustainable to the point where we have hyper inflation throughout the developed world. 
Then BTC will hit to the moon and then some. Want a true “to the moon” event to happen? Pray they ban bitcoin. 
@_date: 2019-01-14 07:37:05
Greed will also incentivize developers to create more secure solutions to wallet protocols. Where there’s a problem, greed will compel the finding of a solution. For now, users need to take extra precautionary measures to secure their keys. This is not always going to be the case as the UX gets more intuitive and secure while staying true to the decentralized principles of bitcoin. 
@_date: 2019-01-31 17:09:37
A time stamped video by the video’s creator on an open blockchain proves his/her video to be the true, not-deepfake , authentic video. If a video surveillance system’s footage is placed on a blockchain in real-time, and let’s say a bad actor decides to generate a deep fake after gaining access to the system, the system’s video would be the true original based on the time stamp. Anyone could verify it by looking up its place on the blockchain. Any video purported to show a different record of events would rightfully be met with skepticism because its time stamp does not coincide with the original. 
Even if the bad actor managed to gain access to a live feed, the surveillance system could be attached to a separate side-chain system for another layer of extra security. 
Therefore, an open blockchain is quite useful for combatting deepfakes. Sure deepfake footage can be still be made but they would have no truth value other than to point and laugh at. They would never be admissible in court and once such an authentication system becomes standard, everyone will have an easy way to differentiate between an original and a deepfake. 
@_date: 2018-03-14 17:02:14
it is a system based on math instead of human politics. math maintains the ledger, math processes transactions, math keeps its security and integrity. the humans act on an economic incentive to keep it going and maintain a consensus. 
all of these are done with fiat but its humans at every level who control the levers. and based on history, when multiple levels of a system are managed by humans, it can be corrupted and gamed in favor of whoever has the most guns or is friends with the guy with the most guns. 
@_date: 2018-03-30 06:28:42
Serious question. How would you properly value an asset?
@_date: 2018-03-14 17:20:30
so then, this would be the bottom. thanks for calling it. 
@_date: 2018-11-29 00:10:57
No one here knows how to short? Really??
@_date: 2018-03-16 20:25:25
Wouldn’t this call for UBI? As the machines do more work, money will instead be a system of account rather than something u need to have worked for in order to transact with  and get food. We skip the mandatory work part and just give out a basic income over some UBI-altcoin blockchain system.
@_date: 2018-03-30 21:33:49
No one, right?
@_date: 2018-03-18 19:07:31
And how stable is that US government you place so much faith in? Keywords backing the dollar are “full faith and credit” of the US government. Let’s examine that faith and credit.
Credit: basically insolvent since we China and everyone trillions in debt. Lost the triple-A rating because some elephant party congressman said we shouldn’t raise the debt ceiling during Obama’s term...... but then have no problem spending while Trump is in office. That’s some integrity right there. So... is the US deserving of its now double-A rating? Ha! 
Faith: look at how easy it was for a foreign power to meddle in our democracy. How many weak spots there are throughout our infrastructure. How many vulnerabilities there are in our social culture, where troll farms and bots can influence public opinion on both sides, creating this perception of political divisiveness like never before. Faith in our democracy, in our republic, is eroding fast. When every congressman and senator is in the pocket of billionaire special interests, each fighting the other just so they can keep their seats in the next election and never having the foresight of the effect of their policies. 
So really, there is no credit or faith in that USD except the delusion that it still has value. Debt cannot be printed over forever. Eventually someone is gonna want to get paid. Once that happens, it all starts going down and fast.
@_date: 2018-03-20 17:45:37
Respectfully, that’s like saying AOL or Prodigy of the 90’s could have built their own internet instead of the open web of that time. 
Better coins can only be “better” if they do things that bitcoin can’t. That is why ethereum is second in place because in addition to working as a crypto currency, one can also make smart contracts and D-apps and tokens..... BUT it comes at the cost of less security. 
Bitcoin has weathered nearly 10 years of attacks on its network. It is the most secure blockchain of them all. That is why it can’t be replaced. A worthy competitor will have to earn its stripes through 10 years worth of attacks and building resilience. 
Imagine it like this: for the sake of argument, let’s say there’s lava on the surface. BUT, through some technological advances, you can build stuff, like actual buildings, on top of a lava-resistant foundation. 
The foundation has proven itself to be resilient against the heat of the lava. But you have this great idea for a building that can also withstand the heat of the underlying lava. But how secure would it be? You wouldn’t know unless you directly tested it on the lava itself. That’s going to take time to get it right, to catch up to where the first foundation got it right to begin with. So what do you do with your novel idea? You build it on top of the original foundation. That way, you don’t have to worry about making your building lava-resistant. That part has been taken care of for you. Now just focus on building your new building on top of the secure foundation. 
That’s what bitcoin is... or getting to be. A resilient foundation for digital finance that is impermeable to attacks, with a growing network, and sophisticated encryption that cannot be hacked or tampered. Every week that passes, a 51% attack remains theoretically possible but less and less probable. 
With that in mind, why build a new coin with new features when the security of it hasn’t been tested? It’d be much better to just build it on top of the bitcoin network, or to somehow have the backing of the bitcoin network. That’s why LN is such a big deal. It’s a second layer protocol that works on top the existing code. LN could have just become its own crypto coin.... but instead of going that route, they built it so it can work on top of underlying secure networks. 
Security first, efficiency later is the best approach. 
@_date: 2018-03-20 00:51:01
Smart contracts and real estate go hand in hand. Key word: contracts. 
@_date: 2018-03-29 16:38:23
its a perfect storm of reasons.
one is that all those people who made money on the run up now have to pay taxes on those gains. since they expected the price to continue to rise, perhaps they expected their early 2018 bitcoin gains to help with the tax bill. but uh oh..... that didn't happen and instead they are now at a loss. and the longer they hodl, the more their losses are and yet they still need to pay the taxman. so expect further price pressure until april 17. 
the same goes for all of those people who made gains on alt-coins and now have to pay taxes on it. chances are they're offloading their crypto portfolios to raise cash.
however, another reason its been going down is due the fear of regulation that is coming towards ICO's. People buy ICO's and alt-coins primarily with BTC or ethereum. For example, you cant buy coins on Binance with a direct deposit of USD. you need to have bought BTC or ethereum or LTC first and then sent it over and use that to fund your alt-coin trades. but since regulators are clamping down on ICO's, that puts selling pressure on those coins. First you sell your alt-coin, then you quickly sell your BTC for cash after transferring it to an exchange that lets you convert crypto to cash. 
With the prospect of regulation, who in their right mind would buy ICO's or alt-coins? so there goes any reason to buy more BTC.
then we had the FUD about Korean exchanges in January, and then the ongoing drama of whether Tether is legit or not. 
Then came the Mt. GOX trustee selling his coins to raise cash to give back to people who lost when that mess happened a few years back. However, it turns out he has ALOT of coins left to sell and although it seems like he's done for now, he's still sitting on a large pile and any sale would likely depress the price further. 
Then Facebook, Google, and Twitter have announced theyre going to ban ads for ICO's and alt-coins. this isn't good for the price but it is good for bitcoin in the long run. People shouldn't be buying alt-coins because of an ad. Bitcoin never ran a single ad and look where it got. But people will be people and they can be easily scammed and it is responsible decision-making by these companies to stop these ads in the first place. 
Overall, the reasons for why bitcoin has gone down are mostly economical and political reasons. People aren't going to buy something that the government is going to say 'no no, not so fast. you gotta play by these rules first'.  
however, that which gives bitcoin its true value remain intact and stronger than before.  Lightning Network is now live. Cheaper, faster transactions are now a reality. The network itself is still going strong. There haven't been any successful attacks to its integrity and security. its working as it was designed to do.
going forward, expect more downside. the crypto rules are still being written by government regulators.  Companies are still navigating the process of how to implement bitcoin as a payment service at retail.  and we still have under a month until tax time in the US.  Fear and disappointment, lack of knowledge, and lack of patience will cause many to give up and stop hodling and will instead sell at a loss.   
and then the buyers will come back in. 
@_date: 2018-03-29 16:00:19
if the Halo series has taught me anything, its that i hope to visit New Mombassa with a city as advanced looking as it does in Halo ODST
@_date: 2018-03-18 15:46:19
I believe in you. Don’t back down. Let’s have at it. 
Let me start.... Is US debt a legitimate threat to the global reserve value of the USD? Go for it. 
@_date: 2018-11-22 00:00:39
At which point normal people without millions can mine using their at-home rigs, thus decentralizing bitcoin further. With lower difficulty comes lower needed hashrate which also has the side benefit of lower electricity costs per hash. 
@_date: 2018-03-11 20:08:52
Because interplanetary colonization might become a real thing. As planets or moons are terraformed, we’ll still need some form of economy. Cryptocurrencies across interplanetary blockchain networks would be ideal for when this happens.
@_date: 2018-03-30 21:49:58
Well, you can’t have a successful open blockchain without an economic incentive to secure it. That’s why blockchain without a cryptocurrency is basically a fancy database. 
What MS and others are taking note of is how decentralization is a better alternative  for securing data. Without a central point of failure, it’s more secure. Cryptocurrencies prove that decentralization works. It’s slow now but when has technology ever remained slow without ever progressing in speed and bandwidth?
@_date: 2018-03-30 05:40:20
Failed? Tell that to people in Venezuela. Or in Africa... or anywhere that a corrupt government decides to overnight cancel the value of citizen’s bank accounts because it just felt like it. 
How is it that it failed? I sent 1btc last week to a friend in Europe. Confirmed transaction in a few hours. I used SegWit. transaction only cost me a few cents. Failed? Sure, I could have used western union... and would have to pay their fee. And although it feels instantaneous, the truth is that the bank and the clearing houses would still be processing that transfer. Or either my bank or my friends bank could have shut down, or been hacked, or have been compromised in some manner, and that transaction could be reversed. Banks aren’t fool proof. There are multiple layers where human error can create a nightmare scenario for me to have to clear up. 
Now you might also say that it was stupid of me to send 1 BTC last week since my friend now has that same 1 BTC but with less value in euros due to the price drop. But that’s not the point of BTC. 
1 BTC will always be 1 BTC. The market and the traders can still measure the value of their bitcoin in dollars, euros, yen, etc..... but since we believe in a world outside of that fiat system, our 1 BTC transaction is still worth 1 BTC. It hasn’t failed. It works as it’s designed to work. 
Adoption is still low... too low and thus premature to call it a failure. Imagine if Netflix had come out in the era of dial-up internet. Would the limitations of the internet infrastructure and the fact that not many people had internet connected computers in their home been sufficient reason to say that video streaming would be a failure of an idea that would never takeoff?
Bitcoin adoption WILL grow. Especially since we are seeing the early signs of how untrustworthy and volatile government fiat really is. When every government in the world owes everyone, and the only way they can pay that debt is by printing more money, the hyper inflation we are about to see will cause everyone to want to leave that system. Look at Greece, Argentina, Zimbabwe, and Venezuela. Their problems are not isolated incidents. Mismanagement at every central bank is happening and it’s only a matter of time before it collapses. 
Bitcoin adoption requires us to ask ourselves a simple question:
Do we trust the rules of an impartial math to protect a system of value? Or should we trust human institutions where there are multiple layers of vulnerabilities ranging from corruption to mismanagement and human error at every point where a middle man must be trusted? 
@_date: 2018-03-29 16:51:16
no its not.
but now someone will come on here and tell me that through the forking system, one could make an infinite number of cryptocoins that spun off the main bitcoin core blockchain.
however, then it wont be bitcoin anymore and good luck getting anyone to use the new forked network. people will only use and trust the main blockchain's network, not the one that forked off because it wont have established legitimacy in the market. 
so no....  there is no amount of 'updates' that can increase bitcoin core's 21 million limit. none. zero. impossible. the rule is built into the protocol.
@_date: 2018-02-01 06:08:10
Were* ... not where. 
@_date: 2018-03-14 18:56:27
Considering Goldman invested in Circle, yeah i’d say Blankfein is somewhat intelligent regarding cryptos. A whole lot more than Dimon for sure 
@_date: 2018-11-28 23:34:21
Lol I’m still profiting. Come back and check again when it hits zero. And given your conviction that it will, can you prove your short position on btc? I mean... majority of us here on this sub are clearly pro btc.... but the likes of you clamoring that will go to zero must surely be ready to prove your faith in your position. You believe it will go lower.... so short it. And prove it. Lol. Otherwise....... accept that my investment is still doing better than the s&amp;p, better than those chumps still holding on to overpriced and overvalued stocks. 
@_date: 2018-03-20 03:29:18
O’Leary makes reference to an asset backed coin. That the coin about to be issued will have the backing of whatever the hotel is offering. 
A bitcoin-backed asset is when assets will stop being valued in dollars, euros, yen, etc. why would they be? If assets are going to be connected to a digital coin the way O’Leary envisions, it won’t be soon before that coin is valued against bitcoin. Look at Binance.... a lot of alt-coins values are compared to BTC. So once O’Leary’s hotel-coin is compared to Bitcoin, it’s just one step away from the asset itself being backed by Bitcoin. In that scenario...... why even use USD?
@_date: 2019-01-14 06:43:05
A. A.: Bitcoin is the next Bitcoin 
@_date: 2018-03-18 15:10:10
Point by point.
Where? Do we not owe China?
Are we not in trillions in debt?
Are we not printing USD like never before?
Do we not have political disunity like never before?
@_date: 2019-01-31 19:05:48
Recording a video to make into a deepfake? You just described the existence of an original and a fake. It’s not a deepfake if a creator is doing that to his own original footage. By definition... a deepfake is when someone alters someone else’s footage. Two footages exist. Made in two different times. 
Enforcement doesn’t have to be done by law. It can be an industry standard that videographers use as an opt-in function. This could be useful for surveillance systems, public video recording of public events, journalists using video to shoot on-the-scene breaking news. A time stamped video could then carry an embedded certificate of authenticity. Like a “certified timestamped by XYZ blockchain”. If people want their videos to be taken seriously, having a time stamp verification via open blockchain would help combat deepfakes. 
People can still choose not to use this Authenticator, but then their “original” videos would face increased scrutiny and skepticism by either law enforcement or other private/public parties who wish to know the truth and time of the footage. 
@_date: 2018-03-14 17:56:14
i thought the link was about when He Who Shall Not Be Named said on CNBC that insider trading was an non-issue. lets not forget his shitcoin hasn't recovered since he spoke those words. 
@_date: 2018-03-20 22:16:21
Asset backed coins will replace a lot of stocks. The big ones will remain, but even they may spin off less profitable subsidiaries into their own SEC approved ICO. 
@_date: 2019-01-31 17:32:13
An original video by nature cannot be a deepfake. A deepfake is an alteration of an original. Do you understand how deepfakes work?
Footage of an original video is doctored/altered to present events or situations that did NOT happen in the original video. There is always an unaltered original video. A deepfake is always an altered representation of an original video. One can’t deepfake an original video in real-time. 
Deepfakes are purposed with the intent of altering footage so it presents a different set of events than what really happened. Placing someone else’s face or body on top of another face or body in a different location. This takes time to do, both in capturing an alternate face and body... and having access to an original. One can’t be in two places at the same exact time and space. 
An open blockchain that can be used as a storage of timestamps would then prove itself useful. And since it’s only a storage of timestamps and not a cryptocurrency itself, such a system would be easier to implement and to scale in usage. 
So... there’s that. 
@_date: 2018-03-12 14:15:54
I’ll elaborate on this later but no... fiat is not anonymous, unfreezable, or unsurveillable. Not when governments are pushing towards a completely cashless economy. India tried this and failed... but that’s not going to stop other from trying again and making it work. As fiat becomes digital... it becomes subject to surveillance and censorship.
Bitcoin’s ledger keeps a record of transactions only between wallet addresses. But there are upgrades coming where these can become truly anonymous and censorship resistant. A name doesn’t necessarily have to be attached to an wallet address. Therefore, transactions can happen and no one can stop it or monitor it. 
@_date: 2018-03-20 05:16:56
I get that you’re referring to how unsecured their blockchain will be. Chances are many aren’t going to know the basics of private key protections. So when they’re “equity” asset-backed coins get stolen, 1. Because they don’t know how to manage their keys, and 2. because they’re using a private untested blockchain, then they might migrate over to a secure, open-sourced, public blockchain for added security........ along with some basic day1 knowledge about how to protect their private keys.
@_date: 2018-03-30 07:22:10
Good. That’s how you value a stock. A stock is an asset and therefore you value it on metrics that are attributable to only a stock. 
Those same metrics wouldn’t apply to assets like a house. My house doesn’t provide me with things like sales, revenue, market share because the value of a house is determined by other metrics more aligned with its intended purpose. A house can have limitless emotional value to a homeowner despite its market value being considerably less. Value is more closely aligned with how it’s fulfilling it’s purpose. 
A stock’s purpose is to appreciate in value based on the metrics you provided and which are the right way to asses the value of a stock. I look at the same things as well when I buy or sell a stock.
Bitcoin is an entirely different asset with an entirely different purpose and that’s why the metrics that give value to other asset types do NOT apply to bitcoin. 
IMO, the way to properly value bitcoin is to ask myself if it is fulfilling its purpose. As a peer-to-peer, decentralized, trustless network of transmitting value WITHOUT middle men, i’d say it’s fulfilling its purpose elegantly... securely. That’s what it was intended on doing... to give people the option to send value to each other any where in the world without relying on the traditional banking system that (at the time of bitcoin’s inception in 2009) almost caused the collapse of the entire global financial system. 
It does its purpose without compromising the security of the network, without layers of human management, without being subject to surveillance or censorship, and without corrupt manipulation to the protocol that makes it possible. Bitcoin works because the math works. It’s that simple. 1 bitcoin will always equal 1 bitcoin and nothing and no one will ever change that. 
But since we still live in a fiat world, the majority out there still measure its value in fiat numbers. Those numbers change every day and every week since traders are determining its value in exchanges measured in dollars, euros, yen, etc. 
Since I believe that bitcoin will lead the way in radically changing how we view money in the digital age, those of us who believe in bitcoin determine its value to be much greater than whatever fiat number it is today. Just like stocks, we buy an asset at a certain depressed value today because we have reason to believe it will be valued much higher in the future as it’s intended purpose will be applied to many more people in the future. And not just people, but the entire financial system. The 1 bitcoin I buy today will still be 1 bitcoin years from now... but it’s market value will be greater if it’s purpose becomes mor widespread. Its purpose is what gives it value. 
It is borderless. It is decentralized. It is secure. No law can stop me from sending bitcoin to a friend in Venezuela. And the government doesn’t even or can’t even know it. There is no central point of failure that could compromise the integrity of the blockchain. To date, there has never been a successful hack or reverse or double-spend on the bitcoin blockchain network. With 10 years of transactions and still going strong, it has fulfilled its purpose and thanks to upgrades like SegWit and Lightning Network, more transactions can happen per second which can ultimately make Visa look slow. 
The current financial system is NOT secure, borderless, or decentralized. Within the last 10 years we have seen banks getting hacked, personal info getting leaked, our credit beauroughs compromised, and that’s without mentioning all human errors and corruption at every level of management in banks throughout the world. It is not decentralized since there are clear and obvious central point of failures wherever a human is put in charge. And it is not borderless since I can’t send money to a friend in country where there are no banks or where Western Union charges high fees to make sending money practically prohibitive. 
If a digital protocol powered by electricity and math can do what banks and humans can do WITHOUT human error/corruption/mismanagement, then which system do you think is the way of the future? And is a downturn in the price within 3 months of its 10 year existence really enough reason to say that bitcoin has failed and can’t be properly valued? Remember when Netflix stock was tanking down to $27 a few years ago? Value is not in the present. It’s in the future... 
@_date: 2018-03-14 17:54:16
let them. the more they misunderstand, the lower the price goes. the cheaper it gets for all of us.
eventually, truth will come out. the real truth, that fiat is effectively worthless given the amount of sovereign debt throughout the developed world. once the reality of that party coming to a full stop dawns on them, they will flock towards bitcoin in droves. 
@_date: 2019-01-07 02:10:12
It incentivizes production of energy efficient mining machines since the reward is programmed to halve every four years. With less reward yet harder difficulty to mine, it’s not profitable to use energy-expensive machines. This creates an incentive to produce greener, energy efficient technology to make mining more profitable. That’s how it helps the environment. As the tech for greener mining gets produced, we can then also use that same tech for other purposes... or even simultaneously. 
Imagine getting your electricity from the power company that also happens to run its own bitcoin mining operation. The only way it’s profitable for the company is if it’s miners are running on greener tech. And it’s also profitable for its energy providing service when they use that same tech to provide electricity for customers. And if they happen to want to be miners themselves, it not only decentralizes the network, but also contributes to greener energy adoption. Everybody wins. 
@_date: 2019-01-03 04:26:55
They dragged their feet implementing segwit. From what I recall, they also supported the segwit2x hardfork . It was cancelled.
@_date: 2018-02-24 23:03:24
Wouldn’t a hacked antminer not be able to participate in the network anyway? The network would be able to identify this apostate antminer easily since something about it (its hacked bug/feature/whatever) makes it behave differently than all the other antminers. Once this is found............ buh bye, apostate antminer 
@_date: 2018-03-11 15:43:59
And no... I didn’t propose one person or one entity controlling the dysonsphere mining network. It’d be distributed and decentralized the way it is now on earth.... except it would be in space and using straight from the source sun energy to power not just bitcoin but also other PoW blockchain systems.
@_date: 2018-03-20 22:19:41
Oh you mean like if I gathered all the trace amounts of cocaine on all of my single dollar bills that I received as change from my purchases at the local super market, then the police would realistically kick my door down looking for all these mounds of cocaine? Lol. Yea not gonna happen.
@_date: 2018-03-23 15:22:28
why wouldn't they.  they need to in order to understand it before they start imitating it with their own central bank-coin. wont work... but it'll be fun to watch. 
@_date: 2018-03-15 17:36:40
i love checking that shitcoin's chart. it never recovered to the price when DoucheVer was on CNBC. Must hurt. tough
@_date: 2018-03-16 21:13:58
It’s still out there. And when did I propose zero fraud protections? I’m all for them but... as a business owner, and I have a good day at the store today, but then it turns out those big purchases were done on a stolen credit card, suddenly I’m not so happy anymore Bc I can’t include those sales in my books and will have to take a loss. 
With crypto, no one has stolen someone else’s wallet by figuring out or hacking the keys. Now if a user is dumb enough to not protect their keys, that’s tough for them. But as a business owner, that’s not my problem. Goods are sold with bitcoin, we exchanged wallet info... transaction done.... I got my bitcoin, customer got their goods. Transaction done. I don’t give a shit if that customer had rightful use of the wallet.... it’s not my problem. Your keys, your coin. Customers should protect their keys, and can buy stuff with them at my store. 
Hacked exchanges are why people shouldn’t hold their coins an exchange. Every smart crypto user should follow rule number one... NEVER KEEP YOR COIN ON AN EXCHANge. 
Now regarding conversion services, the more crypto is used in real markets of goods and services outside of the exchanges, the less I have to rely on coin to fiat conversions. I prefer an all crypto marketplace. Protect your keys, protect your wallet. 
@_date: 2018-03-19 20:36:45
Except that his buddy Peter Theil will probably give him an earful about NOT doing that. 
@_date: 2019-01-03 04:24:52
Made possible by Lightning Network. Also look up atomic swaps
@_date: 2018-02-15 18:54:51
I think we should differentiate between r&amp;d spending which can yield positive returns instead of other forms of spending that is done for the hell of it... like overpriced tech gadgets, cars, vacations. We do have a spending problem in America, where people are encouraged to spend rather than save. Surely You must concede on that point. If people held back some spending that would otherwise go to wasteful products and services, and instead put their money in a vehicle protected from the value-eroding effects of inflation, maybe we wouldn’t have debt levels that we have now among people of all ages. 
@_date: 2018-03-18 15:35:21
Name calling doesn’t disprove me. Actual point by point rebuttals would be nice though. 
@_date: 2018-11-14 19:59:54
Lets all meet at the Winchester?
@_date: 2018-03-23 16:51:13
this might sound a little like me putting on a tin-foil hat but what if that is their purpose? to undermine the very system they are in charge of. 
the current system they manage has a design flaw where only generating more debt is the only way to keep the system going. Is there any central bank or government out there with a balanced budget or balance sheet that isn't in the red?
and yet, that is the system they inherited and have to keep it chugging along.... until crypto came along. 
by embracing crypto, they may have found a way of creating something of value that could replace the current system. effectively, they could crypto their way out of debt. imagine if cryptocurrencies achieve a value where each coin reaches market value close to trillions. isn't there a theory out there that the Fed could legally mint a trillion dollar coin and use that to pay off some of its debt?
with a CB crypto, suddenly that becomes possible. a global economy priced in cryptos might generate value out of thin air to then pay back debt or perhaps even null and void it all together.
if i owe you $100... but there are no more dollars, do i still owe you $100? well yes and no. i still owe you something of equal or around the same value as the initial $100.
but what if 2 years ago, i started a crypto that went from 1 cent to $100 in value ........ well now i have an crypto-coin, one that i created and the market increased in value, and now i can pay you with it. in reality, it only cost me 1 cent.........but through the magic of market appreciation, i paid you the $100 i initially owed you....though not in dollars but instead in the new crypto i made 2 years ago. 
@_date: 2018-03-29 10:47:16
In what future scenario would bitcoin become irrelevant?
“Any protocol” that can solve bitcoin’s pain points will NOT rocket past it because it will not be able to do do what bitcoin has proven in 10 years: it is resilient and anti fragile.
The elegant feature about bitcoin is that in addition to proof of work, it also has amassed a length of actual time where it has proven itself. 
A “better” protocol would have to prove itself and earn its stripes against the jungle of the market. That can’t be done in less than 10 years. Even if a new coin/protocol came out now with supposedly better features, it will not have been tested nor will it have endured 10 years of attacks to its integrity. And let’s say this new protocol survives 10 years or so. Wouldn’t that mean bitcoin will have survived 20 years? And during that time, it will have gained other layers of technology and infrastructure built upon it which will make it the most secure and proven protocol. 
I would argue that developers ought to move slower because bitcoin does not yet have the widespread adoption globally. If this protocol is to become the global standard, it needs to be done right and quality cannot be rushed. 
Above all else, developers ought to focus on keeping the network secure, decentralized, with sufficient layers and features for privacy and anonymity. Buying coffee is not as important as having a system of storing and transferring value be secure and stable. 
@_date: 2018-03-10 04:47:54
I believe it. And so far, I might be right. 
@_date: 2018-03-18 15:02:08
Care to point out where? Or is that noise of blank disagreement you decide to spew?
@_date: 2018-03-15 11:25:09
How would that be possible? People will still pay taxes.
And then there’s this 
@_date: 2018-03-14 17:10:50
Google banning cryptocurrency ads earlier today.  Uninformed comments in some Congressional committee about cryptocurrency regulations. 
i welcome it. let the misunderstandings of those in power strike fear into the speculators to get out of the market so that true user, believers, and HODLers can make good use of decentralized cryptocurrencies
@_date: 2018-03-30 07:43:42
the greater fool theory is not indicative of a bubble destined to crash and go to zero. Although it’s true that when it comes to investing, the obvious rule is to buy low ahead of others who will surely realize their mistake in not buying and who will then buy later at higher prices, thus pushing prices even higher which will compel others to buy as well. 
However..... that’s what a market is. In almost every aspect, we pay the price today because either we want it today or we’re afraid it’ll cost more tomorrow. When it comes to investing, we buy today because we perceive that it’s value today is not equal to the value we see it will get to in the future. That’s why property goes up in value over time. The potential for property to be used to generate better returns in the future causes a buyer to buy it today. And since property is not an infinite resource, its value goes up over time. 
With bitcoin, those of us buying low today are doing so because we believe in the technology that hasn’t become widespread yet. Barely 1% of the world’s population is using it. And yet the technology is improving so it can be prepared to scale for when we get to 5 or even 10% of adoption in a few years. And since bitcoin’s purpose is to serve the underserved, the unbanked millions out there, we still have ample room to grow.
The greater fool theory may seem to apply to bitcoin recently since yes, it is true, speculators became involved in the market and drove prices higher. But now with depressed price levels we are seeing, speculators can be expected to leave the market and now we can see healthy slow and steady price appreciation. 
@_date: 2018-03-30 21:39:24
Pretty sure MS is playing the long game with crypto. So... there’s that.
@_date: 2018-03-18 03:25:46
You realize your argument is a lot like saying Ethernet cables in the late 90’s will never ever ever ever transmit more than a few gigs of data (or whatever was the max in that time). Lightning Network is no longer theoretical. Upgrades are coming. Atomic swaps are coming. Coin joins, decentralized on chain exchanges. It’s going to get better...... not stuck in 1999 Ethernet cable speed.
@_date: 2018-03-14 17:08:30
its a bad sign for pump and dumpers, speculative traders, and ICO scammers who relied on buyers of Ethereum and bitcoin to then buy their shitcoins. so... like in The Godfather, let this war play out, get all the bad blood out, 'leave the gun, take the canoli' in the sense that we should leave behind this notion of get-rich-quick ICO's and instead embrace decentralized protocol based cryptocurrencies with real-world secure decentralized applications.
@_date: 2018-03-11 15:42:23
“More than enough security in fiat”?
Please elaborate on this security. That’s an honest serious question.
@_date: 2018-03-31 01:07:26
Last sentence is the key. 
Excess spending that leads to unsustainable debt levels among consumers is a result of inflationary money. Let me indulge my desires now, whether I need it or not, because my money will lose purchasing power over time. This incentivizes corporations to market their products in a way that makes consumers want them now, this minute. This consumerism has the positive effect of generating “growth” by forcing the companies to become bigger and employ more people to keep giving consumers what they are made to want. 
However, this system is all backed by debt... on every level. People spend money they don’t yet have. This creates a snowball effect of debt which ultimately leads to financial bubbles and crisis which the taxpayer has to pay through government bailouts. These bailouts are done by printing more money and lowering interest rates...... and thus the cycle repeats. 
Bitcoin promotes sensible spending in addition to storing value. It performs both functions rather well. 
@_date: 2018-03-28 01:44:03
It’s not that they dislike crypto. But I’m sure they’re not very fond of how their platforms are being used to scam people who have yet to fully understand how crypto works. The average buyer barely understands the significance of SegWit, Lightning Network, decentralized networks, proof of work, etc. Scammers take advantage of that ignorance and use Facebook, google, and twitter to pump and dump scam coins... thus creating an aura of illegitimacy in an industry that is still in its early stages
@_date: 2018-03-27 11:19:58
My first ever bitcoin purchase was for reddit gold. I hope I can do this again when they reconsider. 
@_date: 2018-03-20 13:23:01
Forgot the energy consumption of the bank tellers and managers driving to work at these banks. In fact, every employee driving or commuting to work to these banks and their headquarters. What’s their energy consumption and carbon footprint? All just to make sure fiat is going “smoothly” between payer and payee. 
@_date: 2019-01-14 06:51:29
Greed is good if it’s carried out on a decentralized network where the greed will be rewarded if and only if the user agrees to the consensus rules of the network. His/her greed strengthens the integrity of the network because that greed is put in check by very strong mathematical rules regarding game theory where cheating is not possible. All that is asked of the user, in bitcoin’s current form, is that they safeguard their keys. 
Greed is good for bitcoin because it rewards those who participate according to the rules. Getting too greedy with an attempt at circumventing those rules will result in near total loss of funds.... so it incentivizes cooperation rather than zero-sum game destructive competition. 
@_date: 2018-03-18 18:47:33
And another: will the government refrain from zero interest rates and practically printing new Tether... ahem... I mean... new USD to fund the bailout?
@_date: 2018-02-06 06:40:07
Or they can simply go short with bitcoin futures to protect against losses if BTC keeps going down. No brainer 
@_date: 2018-03-30 06:14:40
If adoption is shrinking, then we shouldn’t be seeing all these improvements being made to the network. Developers should be quitting in droves. Exchanges shouldn’t be opening. Hedge funds shouldn’t be hiring blockchain and crypto engineers. 
We see a downturn in a price over a period of 3 months and therefore conclude it’s a failure? Zoom the chart out. Where were we a year ago this week? Or two years ago? Or 5 years ago. 
Don’t confuse price trend with adoption. We still live and do commerce in a fiat world. That’s the reality of every business today... even amazon. It doesn’t make sense for amazon to lead when they have many financial obligations that need to be met with fiat. Microsoft takes bitcoin because they can afford to support the slow confirmation times that the network was experiencing a few months ago. But now with increased SegWit use and now Lightning Network a reality, businesses will be taking a second look. 
Just because something didn’t happen in the past three months or a year doesn’t mean it WONT happen. The infrastructure is still young. That’s like saying automobiles will never catch on because there aren’t any paved roads yet and these dirt paths meant for horse carriages are just too rough for automobiles. Plus, there weren’t  even gas stations at every corner and there wasn’t any regulation or DMV so how are pedestrians going to feel safe with these machines on wheels that shouldn’t even be on dirt paths?  But that didn’t prevent the technology from taking off eventually. 
With something as truly revolutionary as bitcoin, think of what’s possible when humans and middlemen are taken out of the equation.  It happened to blockbuster, it happened to Barnes and noble, it’s happening right now to retailers such as Macy’s and Sears, it happened to telephone switch operators, it happened to door to door salesmen, it happened to print journalism... and it’s going to happen to the banking system.  Where ever there is a human being trusted to make a decision or judgement call, that human is a point of failure that can be exploited.
 It’s much easier to find a person’s weak spot and use it to your advantage than it is to find a weak spot in the bitcoin blockchain. 
@_date: 2018-03-11 21:54:14
Oh? Who is the one controlling it from the top of this pyramid? Is there a bitcoin ceo? Board of directors? Governing body? 
There is labor involved. It’s called the proof of work system
@_date: 2018-03-21 15:22:20
and like someone else commented on here, bitcoin wasn't the first attempt at digital cash outside of fiat. 
but bitcoin got it right where others got it wrong and has the most chances of becoming a secure crypto-standard due to the security it was amassed in the past 10 years. 
@_date: 2018-11-14 20:02:21
Doesn’t this mean that difficulty for miners overall might go down if someone like Jihan steps out? And as difficultly goes down, mining becomes profitable again... and other miners besides Jihan get in... thus decentralizing bitcoin more than its current state. Right?
@_date: 2018-02-01 06:02:01
OP “redditor for a day” and his/her grammar and spelling don’t inspire confidence. There’s something about the way those posts are written where it’s coming off desperate to sound legitimate but not giving too many details. 
Scam alert. Too good to be true. 
@_date: 2018-02-27 03:38:03
If they already have 51% then why are you here? Why is anyone here? Why is bitcoin still around? Why hasn’t the 51% attack been done already? If it’s as simple as you say, this should have happened yesterday... or last week or last month. Is there a double spend in the blockchain that no one noticed? 
China can’t just order a company to do something against its self interest. You give China way too much credit thinking they can do that. China has already expressed its animosity towards crypto so this “order” should have gone through last year already. But yet... here we are. That’s got to tell you something, no?
@_date: 2018-03-30 20:16:44
[cant spend anywhere](
Ok then. 
@_date: 2018-03-30 06:25:47
Also known as antifragile and The Lindy Effect.
@_date: 2018-03-14 16:50:55
interesting that its the Republicans who seem to be in favor of letting crypto be crypto whereas the Democrats are suspicious about it and don't even understand it. 
@_date: 2018-02-06 06:38:53
Isn’t this why miners should be buying short-positioned bitcoin futures?
@_date: 2018-02-01 06:04:54
I can’t keep up with all your typos and grammatical errors throughout all your posts. It doesn’t inspire confidence. Sorry, not sorry.
@_date: 2018-03-19 14:55:51
Show her Ezekiel 7:19: 
19 They shall cast their silver in the streets, and their gold shall be removed: their silver and their gold shall not be able to deliver them in the day of the wrath of the LORD: they shall not satisfy their souls, neither fill their bowels: because it is the stumblingblock of their iniquity
@_date: 2018-03-23 19:28:17
So basically...... the Fed and Treasury’s numbers are all just made-up. At any given moment, one hand owes the other hand, but not really, but sometimes yes, other times no. They electronically credit banks Fed accounts but never with any actual hard cash...
Correct? 
And isn’t Quantitative Easing another financial parlor trick... basically no different than modern day alchemy? 
 After reading your comment, I have less faith in our government’s ability to handle monetary policy. I bet within a year or so, a smart contract will be able to do all of that.
@_date: 2018-03-15 11:36:25
Land, factories , and intellectual property can be taken away by a government overnight if the wrong people are put in power. Even among the rich.... 
Remember that scene in Dark Knight Rises when Bane has all the Gotham elite taken away from their cushy lives? Something similar happened in Cuba in the 50’s. Same in Venezuela. 
With bitcoin, the rich don’t even have to disclose that they have any bitcoin. Just protect your keys and tell the government to screw itself when it comes for your property and livelihood. 
@_date: 2018-03-09 16:57:46
didn't they get in at around 5k? i could be wrong though. don't have time  to research it. 
@_date: 2018-03-08 17:38:23
which this distribution will fix as more hands get bitcoin rather than one hand holding a bunch
@_date: 2018-02-16 03:54:47
Wait wait wait. Putting money in a savings account is deflationary? What’s the interest rate on savings accounts? Less than 1% or perhaps a fraction higher? Isn’t the inflation rate an average of 2% ? So..... that money sleeping in a savings account actually has its value/wealth eroding. 
Bitcoin on the other hand, has gone up in value since its inception. It is not affected by central banks’ inflation. It’s proven to be a better vehicle of storing savings and value and wealth than a savings account. 
@_date: 2018-03-19 21:04:58
Imitation is the highest form of flattery.
Here we see perhaps one of the first of many to come asset-backed cryptos which Wall Street will proclaim as “the next bitcoin, better than bitcoin, because it’s backed by an actual something”.
This will succeed because the financial media will love writing about how Hilton-coin and News Corp-coin and Central Park Real Estate-coin are cryptos that are “real”. The Wall Street journal will have a headline saying “move over Bitcoin, here comes the asset-backed coin”. And the charts will prove this to an extent. These asset-backed cryptos will outperform bitcoin (and RIP most other alt-coins) percentage wise in the charts. 
Of course, eventually the smart money will realize that these coins operate better when they are traded or valued in Bitcoin rather than USD. Bitcoin is deflationary, USD is inflationary. And if Wall Street expects these asset-backed cryptos to be traded on the exchanges, they can’t only list asset-backed coins and ignore BTC. 
Slowly but surely we will see asset-backed coins lead into the reverse:
Bitcoin-backed assets. 
That’s the next step. Get in boys and girls... get in now. This news by O’Leary is partially why tech stocks sold off today. Sell your stocks now, raise cash to be ready to buy into asset-backed coins. 
@_date: 2018-03-14 17:50:22
we create a market for it. 
IMO, we all got it backwards. instead of creating exchanges to determine the price and value, we should have created markets where BTC was the only allowed form of currency. instead, we got the Silk Road and we all know where that went.
what we need is a vibrant market where people will trade and do business in strictly cryptocurrencies. one day, a few satoshis buys you eggs,,, then a chicken, then a cow, and then a whole bitcoin or more can buy you a farm. and so on and so forth. it is the transactions of goods and services that should determine the price.
given how we live in a globalized economy where everything is valued in dollars, its hard for us to see anything beyond that. so what we need is a market of willing buyers and sellers of goods and services who are happy to take on the risk of only using BTC to transact services. 
@_date: 2018-03-21 22:47:28
Upon closer reading of the study, this part is our focus:
Illegal and Condemned Content. Bitcoin’s blockchain contains at least eight files with sexual content. While five files only show, describe, or link to mildly pornographic content, we consider the remaining three instances objectionable for almost all jurisdictions: Two of them are backups of link lists to child pornog- raphy, containing 274 links to websites, 142 of which refer to Tor hidden services. The remaining instance is an image depicting mild nudity of a young woman. In an online forum this image is claimed to show child pornography, albeit this claim cannot be verified (due to ethical concerns we refrain from providing a ci- tation). Notably, two of the explicit images were only detected by our suspicious- transaction detector, i.e., they were not inserted via known services.
So, 10 years of bitcoin transactions, Silk Road, Mt. Gox, all sorts of FUD, and the occasional bad actor inserting data in a transaction, we get 8 files of sexual content. Of these 8, five were links to mild porn, 2 were links for CP, and one was an actual image.
One. After 10 years just one objectionable content image was put on the blockchain. I think this furthers the case that the blockchain itself isn’t some safe haven where these criminals can suddenly start sharing and sending CP to one another. If anything, now that we know what’s on it and how it can be discovered, it will further drive these criminal elements AWAY from using bitcoin. As the spotlight is on the network, and addresses can be followed and linked since true anonymity is impossible on the bitcoin network as it currently is, then the issue of CP isn’t that big of a deal going forward. 
It’s clearly not a medium that criminals are actively using to share criminal content with one another. 
The issue of possession is one for the courts to decide but even then, as mentioned in another comment, big names in tech that run nodes would have to be prosecuted and that will simply not happen given how their legal teams surely have vetted this issue. And if someone maliciously inserts objectionable content on purpose to taint the network, that person would be traceable given their address being used and perhaps their address would be blacklisted. 
@_date: 2018-03-30 21:22:49
Really???? 99.999% of the blockchain’s transactions are speculative? You do realize how stupid that sounds. Specially when there various examples of people who are using it to transact day to day stuff. Is buying stuff on Overstock speculation? Buying a movie on microsoft’s Site? That’s an act of speculation? I mean..... just download the entire blockchain. It’s an open ledger after all. Every single transaction. It was all speculation? Really?
@_date: 2018-03-21 15:39:59
it was the FIRST to get it right and to get a sizeable adoption rate and to develop 10 years of resilience to outside attacks to its integrity. wheres bitgold, hashcash, digicash? they existed before bitcoin... but it was bitcoin that was the first to get it right where they failed. keyword: first.
@_date: 2018-03-18 13:40:01
Well woop dee doo. You’re part of the population that has no problem with government surveillance of every purchase you make. You want to use your precious fiat, you rock on and go right ahead, buddy. 
Oh just one little factoid here.... the financial crisis of 2008 is destined to happen again. The signs are everywhere. Credit card debt is on the rise. Student loans are at all time highs. And the worst kind of debt: government sovereign debt, is at astronomical levels which can only be cured by printing more fiat money. 
The US owes China a massive amount. China and Russia hold a butt load of US treasuries. They have debt too... but they’re still considered “developing” countries. Russia is still recovering from the fall of the USSR and all its mini wars its funding at the moment. They need to raise cash. China is investing in natural resources all over the world. They need to raise cash. 
Both of them have to deal with the US and it’s power and economic influence around the world. Going to war would be too expensive. But currency wars (China) and causing socio-political instability (Russia) are better strategies at undermining US power instead of using bombs and nuclear weapons. 
The US’ only card left to play is to print more USD. You know that Tether problem that seems to spook crypto traders every now and then? That’s just a $2billion issue. Now imagine trillions of USD out there with nothing backing it except an unstable and divisive political environment mixed with an economy driven on debt. 
You can see where this is going right? That fiat you love so much that bought that pizza isn’t going to be able to buy a pizza crust in the near future, not when hyper inflation starts happening. 
Now what’s the only hedge against that very very very likely scenario? 
......... a decentralized network of exchanging value. 
Enjoy the pizza 
@_date: 2018-02-16 16:31:20
in the short term I agree stocks are worth investing in. however, expect a wave of decentralized startups disrupting standard hierarchal systems of governance. Public companies today run under multiple layers of management and so far that's worked alright. but when decentralized flat-level corporations begin gaining traction, that's the end of the stock market. it doesn't seem like it now, but decentralized blockchains like bitcoin and ethereum and a few other decentralized applications are proving to be better and safer alternatives than centralized applications. in other words..... facebook, google, and even retail might have their days numbered. 
@_date: 2018-02-24 02:12:49
Vote for Petro!
@_date: 2018-03-19 20:47:52
That’s the whole point of LN. Making off-chain transactions so that only settled transactions get on the blockchain. This might even create stability to the price of BTC as we get more people using it instead of hoarding it. 
@_date: 2018-03-16 17:33:11
Someone tell that to that dinosaur Senator Brad Sherman.
@_date: 2018-03-30 20:10:41
Cool comment. Got anything worthwhile to add?
@_date: 2018-02-25 20:54:14
Free? 
First bitmain would have to actually make enough antminers for themselves beyond what they are selling to the market. The amount of components they’d have to buy wouldn’t go unnoticed by the world. Imagine all the chips they need and everything else to amass the infrastructure need to get to 51%. That can’t be done in a week or month or even a year. But let’s say they do that........ and are willing to burn through billions in cash and resources and time.
All they did was do one double-spend. And took down the integrity of the network. Ok, so bitcoin is dead but now bitmain and China are both in a massive financial hole because the billions sunk in to destroying bitcoin could have yielded far higher returns in the same span of time during which they were making all these mining machines. The local provinces are deep in the red, as well as the Chinese government itself. And China is all about maintaining harmony and control. The big thing in Chinese economics recently is how to slow down the booming economy. It rose too high too fast and the government orchestrated a slow-down. But even that slow down wasn’t as easy as planned because any small adjustment has massive effects on its billion or so citizens. Point is...... the government is far more practical than ideological. They are not going to kill an enemy with scorched earth tactics if it ends up leaving them with a massive epic bill that will take decades to pay for.
@_date: 2018-03-09 16:49:59
odd though that some governments have in fact banned some numbers. never underestimate the stupid lengths governments will go thru to tell its people 'don't dare circumvent or undermine us'
@_date: 2018-03-19 15:05:07
I Just read the article... “wall avenue”? What?
@_date: 2018-02-24 23:20:54
No. A lot of time, energy, and money was spent doing the first 51 attack. All that energy will have to be gathered and mustered together once again for the next one but that won’t be possible. Imagine what the cost is for a bad actor to get 51 control now... and then to do it again? When in reality, that actor could simply apply that same cost and power to playing by the rules and consensus rather than trying to usurp god-like powers without really gaining anything except the pleasure of knowing he got to 51....... and has nothing but debt and financial ruin to show for it. 
@_date: 2018-07-03 00:38:02
Banksters? How about just saying plain old ‘bankers’? 
@_date: 2018-02-01 06:05:42
Choose... not choice. 
@_date: 2018-03-20 13:39:28
By what metric are you saying they haven’t performed well over the last few years? Check the 5 year chart of each of their stocks. They’re higher than ever.
@_date: 2018-03-27 11:13:41
Aptly put username 
@_date: 2018-03-18 15:07:06
I bought my home in the late 90’s... it went up until 2007 when I considered selling but it’s my home, it’s my property... I wanted to keep it. But the value went down anyway. Along with my net worth. I had enough to keep me going but many others didn’t. Just because the value of the dollar DECREASED doesn’t mean it hurt anyone any less. 
People still lost a lot. Their jobs, their livelihoods, their properties. Why??? Answer me this: why should monetary policy by a central Fed and some greedy bankers have any effect on my business that wasn’t mortgages? Why? 
And what’s the point of bringing up Best Buy? They outlived other retailers who died in the same time. Circuit city is gone. Toys r us is gone. Sears is a zombie. What does Best Buy have to do with this topic?
Policies by a few men in high places should have zero effect between the relationship between me and my customers. But thanks to fiat, it affects me. With crypto..... fuck them. Their policies don’t touch me. 
@_date: 2018-03-18 15:30:54
Point by point rebuttal. If I’m so wrong, you should be able to refute me in less than 5 sentences. Waiting. 
@_date: 2018-03-18 18:46:27
Here’s another: can you be sure the mistakes of 2008 won’t repeat itself now that Dodd-Frank regulations are going to be reversed? 
@_date: 2018-07-09 16:26:58
apologies for the 7 hour wait on a response. so here goes:
history has proven that the middle-men in any industry tend to hold a lot of power, but its often technology that quickly rids of them of that power. actual stock-brokers is a dying job thanks to etrade, Robinhood, etc. that's just one example and I don't care to list every position where the middle-man was taken out of the equation.
banking as we know is littered with middle-men everywhere. using your examples, an employer does not directly pay his employee. employer pays money to a payment agency who takes money from the employer's business account to send money to employee's bank account, but not before taking out the state,fed taxes first. and its never instant. theres usually a 3 day waiting period. it feels like its instant but a paycheck can be stopped and reversed at any point during those 3 days. 
bitcoin makes it possible for an employer to cut out the middle-man directly and just pay his employee. imagine an all-crypto society. employer pays employee directly into his crypto-wallet, minus any taxes that gets siphoned off directly into the state's/fed's crypto wallet. done. why retain the service of a bank or a salary agency to handle all of that?
banks have power because we entrust them with our funds that we cant securely have in our possession under our mattress. furthermore, banks are no longer only in the business of holding depositor's accounts. they do all sorts of other businesses with customer funds. they exist just to give the feeling of convenience of having a checking account because no one can realistically keep all of their cash in their own home or safe.
bitcoin lets people be in control of their own funds. I can walk around with 100k in my head in the form of the keys to my wallet. I can then use my digital wallet to transfer/send funds to either an employee or to buy a product/service. I don't need a bank to process it for me and to charge me a fee for the privilege of doing business with them.
when we take away that middle-man control away from banks, they are forced to behave in a less risky manner with the fewer funds in their control. banks will still exist but they wont be able to do much which i'd say is a good thing for society because making them too-big-to-fail is what creates another 2008-like crisis. give them a little power and they will make riskier and riskier bets, which the taxpayer will have to save them from when those bets go wrong. 
with less power in their control, the wealth will still exist but it will be in the hands of more people rather than in the few. right now, bitcoin and all of crypto is still too hard to explain and difficult to use unless users know how it works down to the line-by-line code level. when all of this becomes simpler for the average user, banks will become near-obsolete. because why entrust them with funds, which they charge a fee for for just about any service when one can do them themselves in the privacy and safety of their bedroom?
money leads to control which leads to power. have people have more direct control of their funds results in them taking away power and control from big banks and their inclination towards making risky bets to please shareholders. that seems like a positive to me. 
@_date: 2018-07-15 18:03:28
Not really. It’s in bitmain’s self-interest to not become a threat to the network’s integrity. Furthermore, just because they are a primary producer of the ASICS doesn’t mean they have absolute control. If I buy asics from them, but join a different pool, how does that give them power over my asic? It’s like saying Microsoft has direct control over every office of every company in the world, anywhere that Windows is installed. But that’s not true.
Besides, i’d Rather trust the impartial rules of math running in the machines than to trust a bank managed by multiple and redundant layers of human middle managers and corporate bureaucracies. 
@_date: 2018-07-09 16:09:16
go ahead. glad you liked it. 
@_date: 2018-07-21 20:21:30
Loose seal! Loose seal!
@_date: 2018-07-14 11:09:59
Or a separate crypto or BTC hard-fork could make use of this other asic. Even if these intel ASICs are not directly purposed for BTC mining, the tech will be out there and nothing stops it from being used for crypto purposes. Just tweek an algorithm specifically for this Intel-asic and design your crypto around it and voila..... new crypto. 
@_date: 2018-07-09 04:54:46
Care to contribute something meaningful or some thought out response instead of taking a cheap shot?
@_date: 2018-07-08 20:49:17
If an erection lasts more than a year... call more women 
@_date: 2018-03-23 16:19:51
Without them, and based on historical transaction times, yes i assume that would be the case. but leaving out the fact that such features now exist does a disservice to those who want to learn about how bitcoin and how it is progressing.
that's like me saying in 1999 that internet speeds can only max out at 56k/s on a dial-up modem. that was true then... but then cable high bandwidth internet was becoming popular and thus internet speeds were increasing as well as the data being streamed. 
@_date: 2018-03-08 17:12:04
He’s not wrong. I don’t agree with him on other social issues but he is not wrong that the elites of the world control the money supply and wealth. It just so happens that many of these elites lean left whereas he is far-right in many aspects. 
In the bigger picture, we have more to fear from left-leaning policies that view government as a way to help out people via social programs and subsidies and all that feel-good stuff. No matter how well intentioned, it requires the people to give them power........ and they’re not going to take kindly to cryptos which transfer that power to the people. Bannon, though despicable he may be, is on the right side of this issue.
@_date: 2018-07-30 21:29:01
The comeback story of the bull market we were waiting for.
@_date: 2018-03-23 15:22:55
decentralized apps
@_date: 2018-07-05 20:38:23
That’s where consensus comes in. Carrying a big stick also makes one a moving target. The bigger the stick one has, the greater the incentive for the other side to develop a bigger stick. An arms race of mutually assured destruction is the thin string keeping both from anhilating one another. 
But having big friends in the form of a greater number of people in a consensus seems like a better, peaceful future. In their collective self-interest, there’s a greater incentive to play by the rules rather than to try to cheat the system. 
@_date: 2018-07-05 19:06:00
Yep. Raise an army. Hear that guys? A sound currency ought to have guns backing it up. Anytime there’s a threat to the global financial consensus, whoever’s got the bigger stick gets to re-write the terms. No matter if whoever has that big stick is part of a corrupt bureaucracy.
Silly bitcoin... trying to establish consensus with math and game theory rather than guns. What tree-hugging, flower-power, can’t-we-all-get-along tomfoolery is this?    /s 
@_date: 2018-07-11 12:18:17
But the 2008 crisis proved that they are and can operate quite legally as a ‘magical’ institution, bound by no rules other than ‘make enough debt as fast as possible and package it and sell it to the next sucker as fast as possible before everyone realizes its horsehit’. 
And now that they’ve become too-big-to-fail, and they are all for rolling back the regulations resulting from the 2008 crisis, it’s pretty much a certainty that they’re going to do this again. And once again, it’ll be the Fed bailing them out by whipping up more magic money.... flooding the market with dollars. Last I checked, flooding the market with money depreciates the value of that money. This is a certainty that will happen.... thus causing every non-inflationary asset to rise. 
Even with all the criticisms and flaws of bitcoin, it is guaranteed to go up from our current levels on just the fact alone that central banks and private banks will fuck up again. They always do. And their solution is always the easiest: print/issue more money. As I nflation goes up, deflationary assets also go up... and faster. 
@_date: 2018-07-09 04:52:46
ActUaLLy.... yes they do have a monopoly on finance. That’s how they get rich and stay that way. The rich have better access to cheaper and easier financing and credit... which allows them to invest in riskier ventures which they have enough cash as a cushion if anything fails. Average people don’t have access to cheap credit and therefore, when they take on a risky venture, like starting a small business, they can run it for years before breaking even, or it can downright fail. The rich can afford to take on losses and drive out small business competition. So there’s that.
But let’s touch the “produce things that are valuable” part of your argument. Do the rich really produce valuable things? How valuable were mortgage backed securities? How valuable were credit default swaps? So the rich make MBS to sell to investors, and then bet against them by buying up credit default swaps knowing they’ll make a profit on the shit-quality products they sold to investors. How valuable was that to society? 
Or in the case of technology. How valuable is it when the rich can “innovate” by giving us products with “planned obsolescence”, knowing that their product is destined to fail at a known point in the future at which time they give us something else to buy off of them. What’s the value in feeding a consumerist state of mind to people who then feel they have to take on some debt to get the things that the rich are ‘producing’ for them? 
Now I get that perhaps bitcoin won’t solve these problems... or perhaps it will. We don’t know yet. But it is a fact that the rich make good use of their advantage to monopolize financing in their favor. This begins with their control of the big banks, without which nothing would get done. It wouldn’t hurt to make these too-big-to-fail behemoths just a bit smaller and take away some of their power as glorified middle-men.
@_date: 2018-07-11 11:21:16
Regarding that last part: think of it like how it is in Monopoly. ‘The bank never runs out of the money’, as it states in the rules. Meaning, there is a set of hard cash within the box of the game, but let’s say the game goes on to the point where the bank runs out of physical bills to make loans to the players. Does that mean the bank ran out of money and the game stops? No. Whoever is controlling the bank simply begins a handwritten log of who has received a loan. It’s basically an off-game accounting system that is used to keep track of the money. The off-game system itself does not have purchasing power....it only has one purpose: to lend to players so they can purchase stuff with it. 
This is similar to central bank’s action of lending money. The central bank doesn’t directly buy things. There is no actual purchasing or money exchanging hands. There’s simply an accounting system. Now you can call that to still be a “purchase” but it’s not in the traditional sense. It’s like you asking me for a loan and I simply write a note that says “rathax borrowed $1000 from me”, and u take that to your bank to cash it. I didn’t actually have $1000 to lend, but as the lender of last resort, I had to simply make it up out of thin air with the faith and trust that you’ll pay me back. But that’s a power that only central banks have. You and me personally cannot realistically do business that way. You and I can’t simply hand-write notes with each other, basically IOU’s, of what we owe each other, and then use those notes to purchase things with other people. 
So far this has worked.... but it’s a terrible vulnerability to the entire financial system because it foments debt as an acceptable long-term practice and once that debt is over-leveraged, things get messy really quick when someone, like a too-big-to-fail bank, suddenly starts having problems paying back that loan. 
@_date: 2018-07-03 21:42:27
Banks process fiat transactions.
Governments make fiat currency. But this involves more than just the printing energy costs. “Full faith and credit of....” involves the entirety of the government that gives their paper any value. Therefore, add in the total energy consumption of the entire government: all its branches, military, and bureaucracy. 
@_date: 2018-04-24 05:49:08
Don’t exchanges and trading desks have to buy up massive amounts of BTC before they’re able to trade it? They need to in order to have the volume to execute their trades. 
@_date: 2018-04-02 01:22:46
More like Target, eBay, yahoo, TJX, J.P. Morgan... u know. Those bastions of industry that never ever experienced a major data leak of customer information. 
Unlike that silly bitcoin blockchain where every week we’re hearing about how people’s social sec number, address, credit score, date of birth, social media likes, and purchasing patterns are being stolen from and being leaked. I swear, this blockchain thing is just a silly tech buzzword.
Edit: people know I’m being sarcastic about everything I said in this comment, right? Or do some people need to go back to Eng 101 and reading comprehension?
And yeah, another data leak at lord n Taylor and saks fifth ave. Gotta love their central points of failure.
@_date: 2018-04-02 18:00:38
its not like all these coinhaters are stopping us from buying out of the goodness of their heart to prevent us from losing more capital. 
the more they hate, the more confident i feel. they froth at the mouth, using rehashed arguments about power wasting and the environmental effect.... while conveniently ignoring how banks keeps the lights and computers on even during closing hours. 
@_date: 2018-04-02 03:32:22
1 gig block size is better than LN. there I said it.
@_date: 2018-04-02 17:55:19
but but but.... inflation is what makes the economy a-go-go. 
seriously though. i see a lot of posts about how inflation is some magic economic booster. as if getting into debt to get the new smart phone is supposed to be a positive for the overall economy. 
@_date: 2018-07-15 17:46:22
“Kinda like asking permission” but without having to trust an actual person. We trust the math. 
They current system forces us to ask permission to the bank or the government to use money. And it further demands we give them our blind trust in that their infrastructure will work for our benefit. But that doesn’t always work out to everyone’s benefit and eventually it becomes a liability, both at the individual and at the global level. 
Bitcoin is trustless. I don’t have to trust the individuals running the miners to process my transactions. I simply have to trust that their machines are running the code and the network according to the consensus rules I have chosen to be a part of. And if they don’t play by those rules, my transaction will be processed by mining machines that are playing by the rules.
@_date: 2018-04-02 10:52:22
Couldn’t I just use a P.O. box? and order from a Starbucks internet connection? And use a throwaway email address.
@_date: 2018-04-02 17:57:39
they've been trying and largely failed for the past 10 years. 
the Lindy Effect and Metcalf's Law is taking care of this. 
@_date: 2018-04-02 03:38:13
And hasn’t there been a rebound in housing prices? The housing market crash flushed out the house flippers and the mortgage underwriters who were giving out loans left and right to people with bad or no credit. Same is happening with bitcoin. 
@_date: 2018-04-30 14:21:36
Who is mining Dogecoin to confirm or process transactions?
@_date: 2018-04-04 17:49:39
Except that cash under a mattress loses value over time... thank you inflation! Real MVP...  -__-
compared to the BTC in my wallet that is designed to be deflationary. Woo hoo! So... there’s that.
Middlemen are for those who are too lazy or uneducated about how to handle their BTC transactions. And fine.. if they want to exist and they find a market for it, fine. No ones stopping them. 
But I choose for total privacy and control of my info. My keys, my bitcoin. My private info remains my private info. I won’t need those middlemen and in fact i’ll Actively avoid them because any third party that becomes a custodian of any info for any amount of time is a walking target for hackers. People should care more about keeping their info to themselves. 
@_date: 2018-04-02 11:33:15
Those two seconds of convenience can become a week’s or month’s long affair. Imagine being a customer at Lord n Taylor or saks. Their info just got hacked. They both give out their store brand credit cards. They asked for Ss. Now the hackers got it. That two second purchase involved you giving A LOT of personal information. 
If they accepted bitcoin..... hackers only have whatever shipping I gave, whatever email I used, whatever digital wallet I setup, and some public WiFi... or I could have used a VPN. And when the store get hacked, I can sleep easy because none of the info I used to make a purchase leads directly to me. 
@_date: 2018-04-09 15:43:29
That inspires confidence. 
With BTC, no ID is needed. Wallet to wallet. And the receiver with a basic android or Nokia in some remote third world village can spend his BTC or do whatever he wants with it. 
@_date: 2018-07-05 19:11:41
Yes. In extreme circumstances, a hard-fork allows for the group with the greatest consensus to continue their work on a separate chain, away from the group that felt the consensus rules were not for them. A system need not be broken; disagreements on the consensus rules does not indicate something is broken. But if and when there’s a threat to the network’s integrity, a hard-fork ensures the development and support continues on a chain with the most integrity. The new smaller chain separate from them can continue to support that system........ but good luck trying to get people to join that consensus group that has yet to prove its integrity with its new consensus rules.
@_date: 2018-04-04 17:27:58
Bank gets hacked, my info is out... and maybe it’s months before the bank admits it. 
Did you totally become blind when I said I have a cold wallet for my Coinbase BTC that I plan to move?
@_date: 2018-04-02 01:17:08
Doesn’t that mostly apply to short sellers? Shorts hope to cash in on an irrational market... but have to pay (in the case of shorting dividend stocks) while maintaining their short position. 
Going long would simply mean weathering through paper losses, unless using a margin account was involved. In which case a margin call would really hurt. 
@_date: 2018-04-03 11:35:01
If I buy at target using a target credit card, they have my ss. This happened a few years ago. Same with Macy’s, lord n Taylor. Using their cards requires me to have given them my personal info. And it’s usually hard to not use their card since they attach all these rewards and points for using their card. Then there was the Equifax hack. 
Using my name and address to get my ss isn’t as easy as just hacking the central point of failure of the system that I gave that info to. But with bitcoin, I never set up my digital wallet using my ss, DOB, or credit score. If hackers want that info, they’re going to have to jump through more hoops. Why should I make it easier for them by giving that info to a third party? 
@_date: 2018-04-02 17:52:19
eventually truth comes out. that's the beauty of something like bitcoin... when one is truly educated about how it is designed and how it works and how it fulfills its purpose, its truth value is far greater than many traditional assets out there.
for a lack of better words, bitcion is truer than true. 
@_date: 2018-04-07 03:58:11
Oh the banks are safer? 
I don’t remember setting up my BTC wallet with my private info being required as I set it up. So... there’s that. 
@_date: 2018-04-16 01:54:48
Bitcoin = Gil
Gil is the currency of the worlds in the FF universe. 
Bitcoin confirmed to be universal currency. Accepted anywhere in the universe, through time and space.
Also... is Ver = Kefka?
@_date: 2018-04-02 16:42:07
the buy high/ sell low type of people. they'll be back... useful idiots. 
@_date: 2019-09-24 19:14:17
Who is “they”?
@_date: 2018-04-02 11:25:58
I was referring to those stores where u can get a credit card through them... which requires giving them your social. You know... like a Macy’s credit card, an eBay credit card, a Best Buy credit card, a target credit card. If those places get hacked... and they have been or will be... they got everything. That’s what sucks about being a central point of failure.
And if I use a P.O. box, well at least that creates another hurdle for hackers. They’d have to hack the USPS after hacking target if they want my real house address. And what distance? I’d just go to the closest public WiFi. Here in Long Island, ny, every mall practically gives it away for nothing more than a first name and email address. 
So I maintain a throwaway email that never has my identifying info on it. Done.
It’s still a lot better than having my private info on a server waiting to get hacked. 
@_date: 2018-04-04 17:09:11
Which is why we should all be setting up our own cold wallets separate from exchange wallets right now. And also why we should be earning our bitcoin, not buying it from places where KYC starts a paper trail. 
@_date: 2018-04-27 21:45:41
I prefer the GGGGGRRRRROOOOOAARRRRRR
@_date: 2018-04-04 22:04:34
Let’s say I want to send you 1 BTC. Well then you give me your address, I then send 1 BTC to that address. That’s it. Yes there is some sort of key mechanism involved but that is different from your personal keys to your wallet. Those are keys you keep to yourself and never give out. Those keys are never given during a transaction.
Our wallets handle the giving and receiving. 
@_date: 2018-04-04 17:08:03
I don’t get my spending bitcoin through coinbase. I have a separate wallet for receiving and spending. My coinbase wallet bitcoin is for trading and long term holding. The two wallets never meet. Tada!
Ok but a debit card has info that is “secured” by the bank. Don’t banks get hacked? Wasn’t JP Morgan hacked? They can say all they want that certain info was compromised and others not.......... but in this day and age when it seems that no info is ever truly private, should we really take their word for it?
So as I showed you in my previous comment... yes bitcoin solves the privacy problem. I never put sensitive personal info in my spending digital  wallet. And my coinbase wallet never interacts with my spending wallet. Tada. And I also follow a very basic rule.... not your key, not your bitcoin. So I don’t plan on holding much BTC at coinbase. I have a separate cold wallet from that, separate from spending wallet. Done. If the government wants to trace it, they can and I’m sure they will. I can’t fight the government..... but I can at least protect myself from hacks and data leaks. Again....... TADA. 
Edit: when I said I follow a basic rule: “not your key, not your bitcoin”, that means I keep some of the BTC I got from coinbase OFF of the exchange. And that wallet never meets my spending wallet. How dense are you people?
@_date: 2018-04-01 04:30:04
Loved that series. I wish they could make a Jedi Knight: Jedi Outcast movie. But since it’s considered part of the expanded universe that isn’t canon, i doubt we’ll see Kyle Katarn again anytime soon. Welp 
@_date: 2018-04-27 17:14:09
waiting on NY... though with the bitlicense, that may never happen. :(
@_date: 2018-04-24 22:12:22
Mr. Robot... season 2.
@_date: 2018-04-02 01:28:01
Centralization is very efficient at creating central point of failures.
Kind of like how today we’re hearing of another data leak regarding people who bought things off of lord n Taylor and saks fifth avenue. 
Now remind me again when was the last time someone was able to get ss numbers, addresses, date of births, purchasing preferences, and location activity directly from a bitcoin wallet or directly from the bitcoin blockchain? Because... I don’t remember ever having to put my name or email when I setup my wallet to buy and sell things. 
@_date: 2018-04-04 20:05:49
Yes. No one has to know keys. I can buy a book from you... pay you in bitcoin. Just send me your wallet address. And then ship the book.... and vice versa. It’s strictly peer to peer. No other party. 
@_date: 2018-04-02 17:42:41
Bitcoin prices rocket through $100,000.
Tom Lee expects another 30% by year end. 
@_date: 2018-04-08 22:42:51
Since I use a spending wallet that never received BTC from an exchange.... what identifying info could be obtained that could be of use for identity thieves? Name and shipping address? Isn’t that already public info? And they’d need more info like ss and dob and license info for my name and shipping address to have any real use. Why make their identity thieving jobs any easier?
Bitcoin wins.
You’re assuming there’s an employer I earned it from. If my desire is to be anonymous AND to never include sensitive info like ss, dob.... why would I earn BTC from an employer? I mean earning BTC as in getting it from freelance work, on the side work, odd jobs here and there. I do a favor for a friend... he pays me back in BTC to my spending wallet. Any ss, dob info involved? No. 
Bitcoin wins.
Again you’re assuming the only way i’d have $10k in bitcoin is if I bought it from an exchange. But as I mentioned, I can very well have accumulated it by earning it. Therefore there is still no sensitive private info involved. 
How am I supposed to use paper fiat cash to make a big purchase online? Let’s say there’s some electronic system, device, gadget, toy, I want from a seller in Europe. I don’t want to use my cc due to not wanting to expose my sensitive info. I can’t mail cash. And the seller doesn’t take post office money orders. What’s a quicker transaction without compromising my info? Oh yeah.... sending some BTC from my segwit wallet to his SegWit wallet. No sensitive info ever disclosed.
Bitcoin wins.
Granted not everything I want can be bought with BTC right now given how small the number of merchants there are willing to accept BTC, but they do exist. And this is still an early technology so I accept that reality. 
The reality I shouldn’t have to accept is that for the sake of efficiency, I should trust third parties to protect my info from data breaches. But oh wait........ every year, every month we’re hearing about data breaches from retailers to banks. I was a victim of the Target data breach. My info was out there. 
Had I used BTC, my ss, dob, and license info would never be out there. And I’m not going to take the banks’ word for it when they say “only a limited amount of info was compromised”. If just my ss was among the data breach, I have to assume everything was compromised. I don’t have those worries with BTC. I don’t keep my BTC on an exchange. It goes straight to a cold wallet. My BTC from an exchange never meets my spending BTC wallet. It would take a hacker more effort and time to track my info.... which I’m sure they will try to do. But I don’t have to make it easier for them by giving it all to a third party who has everyone’s data an is a walking target for hackers. 
@_date: 2018-04-09 15:38:25
Third world adoption is happening. A wallet on a $20 android phone is all a person needs. There are mud huts and remote villages with solar power and they have super basic android and Nokia phones. Bitcoin wallets work on those. They have internet access.... but the closest western union or money lending service is in the city which is miles away. So... yes it’s very relevant. 
I sent BTC to a friend in South America. Closest western union was a 3 hour bus ride. But he knew someone nearby who had access to an exchange in his town. Sent BTC, done. How is that not relevant?
Since it’s still in the early phase, of course some traditional banking infrastructure is needed. But as more people transact goods and services for it, the expectations is to just trade with it and price goods with crypto. With more adoption, the price will become less volatile. 
Western union continues to have the advantage of operating in a fiat cash world. So of course they’re doing ok. 
Now why use gift/visa prepaid cards? Sure it’s an option but why physically leave my house for something I can do from my couch or bed? U do understand how Netflix and renting movies online beat out Blockbusters and video rentals around the corner block, right? Any tech that makes it easier to do from home eventually wins out. 
The only data that can be extracted from the blockchain is the data I choose to share on it. The most useful info for ID theft is my ss, dob, and license. I never put that on the blockchain. I never share that with a merchant. So isn’t ID thieves jobs now that much harder to get my info that was never out there to begin with?
So... I can buy stuff online from the comfort of home, never giving out my sensitive info, and therefore I have no need for gift cards. 
@_date: 2018-04-02 03:09:28
@_date: 2018-04-04 17:32:54
The obvious reason is what exactly? To make me a moving target for ID theft? No thanks. Nobody needs to know my ss, dob, or credit score or any other personal and identifying info with which to steal my identity. 
My spending wallet has none of that info. Therefore, my personal info is not at risk from being hacked. How hard is it to understand the benefits of that? Or should we all just welcome hacks and data leaks as just another fact of life?
@_date: 2018-04-27 17:10:54
is Jaxx segwit enabled? only use segwit wallets. quicker confirmation times and cheaper tx fees. 
@_date: 2018-04-02 03:30:45
The /s included everything. Lol
I mean just today we heard about a data leak regarding lord &amp; Taylor and Saks fifth avenue. So yes... I’m more than aware of how publicly traded companies are vulnerable to hacking... unlike the bitcoin blockchain where if someone hacked overstock.com..... all they’d maybe get is wallet addresses... and maybe shipping information because customers who purchased online had to put in some shipping info. But that’s it. But imagine the treasure they’d get with credit/debit card info. 
But yes... My entire comment was being sarcastic 
@_date: 2018-04-09 15:18:33
What personal info on the blockchain? Is my ss, dob , and license on it? Because that’s what hackers use to sell to identity thieves. Just tracking my purchases isn’t going to compromise my personal sensitive info because it never goes on the blockchain. 
@_date: 2018-04-02 03:17:03
Be specific.
@_date: 2018-04-07 03:25:50
When signing up for a CC , isnt an ss, dob, license info required? Don’t be dense. Once that company has it, and that company gets hacked.... is identity theft really a quick fix? Like I said... it happened to me during the Target data breach. 
@_date: 2018-04-02 03:34:36
and that’s probably rush hour
@_date: 2018-04-16 08:15:34
Batching as well. 
Was watching an episode of The Office and Daryl explained  batching to Jim showing how he could do more with less. Immediately made me think of exchanges that were not doing batching. Now that they are... it looks like tx volume went down, which isn’t the case upon closer inspection. 
@_date: 2018-04-05 00:08:29
So that 690 number near my Bank of America card must be meaningless. Eh. Not planning on giving it much unnecessary use anymore anyway. 
@_date: 2018-04-04 23:03:18
Oh yes of course. You can send fractions of bitcoin. They’re called satoshis. You always send the exact amount requested. There’s never any “change” involved. 
@_date: 2018-07-15 18:35:50
Yea but not for long. Competitors will rise and bitmain’s monopoly won’t last. It’s like how Apple had total dominance in the tablet market for like three generations of hardware until android caught up. Back then, an entry level iPad cost 499 and Samsung had to catch up and take losses to match that price point. Now, an entry level iPad is like 329 and their tablet market share is way less. They had to cut down on price because androids had caught up.
Point is, hardware makers can only milk their first-mover advantage for a limited time. Competition and the laws of physics reach a point where others can do what the first-mover can do but cheaper...... and then we’ll see less centralization in mining. 
I know many critics of BTC point to this as a serious flaw in the integrity of BTC.... and rightfully so to an extent. But that’s also the beauty of BTC; it’s value is derived from the self-interest, the economic interest, of every one playing fair and playing by the rules so that the value goes up. I don’t think anyone, not even bitmain, wants to be seen as holding too much power because then that single fact will hurt the value of their holdings. It’s in everyone’s self-interest to not accumulate too much power. 
@_date: 2018-04-13 01:08:25
And as storage and memory get cheaper, more average people can run their own nodes, further decentralizing the network. Win-win.
@_date: 2018-04-02 04:55:52
So...... when I pay for things using the bitcoin from my digital wallet (which I never ever put my name or any info when setting up), then doesn’t that seminal act inoculate me from the dangers of data leaks? If my info was never on the blockchain nor on my wallet address to begin with, then my personal privacy is protected. The private info was always mine. In my control. Never on my wallet, and therefore never on the blockchain. 
As opposed to credit and debit card transactions where all my info is shared and available between me, my bank, the card issuer, the merchant.... oh and now that hacker and whoever buys the leaked data. 
So yeah... i’ll take bitcoin’s blockchain any day. NOT because the blockchain protects my info, but because my info is not required to begin with for my transaction to be validated and placed on the blockchain. 
@_date: 2018-04-03 12:18:14
Impossible? Didn’t LN just make micropayments a cheap reality?
@_date: 2018-04-03 11:52:54
Bcash is the shitcoin.
ETH has actual applications, flawed as it still may be. 
@_date: 2018-04-02 17:46:22
so why not give them a retro-graphics type of game that uses minimal graphics settings while earning them some crypto in the background? or am i late with that idea and is there something like that already?
@_date: 2018-04-02 17:44:39
remember the ripple people? "fast transactions, bro! its better than bitcoin"
@_date: 2018-04-03 01:36:30
Giving my name and address isn’t that much of a concern. It’s my other private and more useful data that I don’t need getting out. My ss, dob, credit score.....bitcoin makes it possible for me to buy things online or from anyone around the world WITHOUT trusting my ss, dob, and credit score with a third party. 
@_date: 2018-04-03 13:32:46
Ok but we’re talking about buying online. How do I buy online with just cash? I can’t. And I don’t want my ss or standard credit card info to be out there. So what’s the alternative? Just do business locally?
Nope... I use bitcoin. 
@_date: 2018-04-02 17:47:38
this bitcoin is heavy, doc
@_date: 2018-04-04 14:50:24
they are connected for now. what they have in common is fiat money. stocks are priced in fiat, crypto is priced in fiat. and last i checked, so is food and rent and bills. all priced in fiat. 
what we need to do is begin pricing things in crypto, in bitcoin. we'll get there.
in the meantime, investors are getting in on crypto for the investment, not for its store of value or transaction purposes. that's both good and bad. good that theyre getting in... but it'd also help if they used it.
longer term, the fragility of fiat is slowly becoming evident. every government owes everyone a ton of fiat. and their only way out is to print more fiat. that's not sustainable. once the weakest janga-block gets pulled, its all going to come crushing down... all that 'faith and credit' BS will be seen for what it is... faith and credit in bla-blah. 
@_date: 2018-04-02 03:38:51
They’re selling now.... and watch them buy back at 11k. 
@_date: 2018-04-04 19:16:00
MT gox  was an exchange wallet that users didn’t have keys for. 
That’s different than my own personal wallet. My keys, my wallet, my bitcoin. It can’t be hacked. To date, not a single personal key has ever been hacked. It’s impossible. In cases where wallets were compromised, it’s because the user was careless with their keys. There are basic steps one can do to protect their keys. 
I can confidently give my address out to the public but no one, not ever, will figure out my keys. Ever. 
@_date: 2018-07-11 11:49:57
Isn’t it naive to think our votes have any meaningful effect on monetary policy? There are multiple levels between our votes and the policies enacted by central banks. You vote for your representatives, who then oversee or appoint people who then run the central bank. Then they get to choose what the policies are based on other factors, which we don’t have a say in. I didn’t vote for whoever the fed presidents are. Nobody did. Without that direct citizen-level vote, fiat money and its issuance and policy is not affected by our votes.
Bitcoin is democratic in the sense that it only works so long as people participate in the consensus rules. By using bitcoin, you agree that it’s conens rules are the ones that work for you. And if you don’t like them, there’s always another network/coin you can join whose consensus rules better fit your liking. Or... you can even make your own off-shoot in the form of a hard fork (not practical but it’s possible). It’s an entirely opt-in alternative. If you don’t like SegWit.... u don’t have to use it. If you don’t like LN, u don’t have to use it. If you don’t like the block size, you can use another coin. But those who use bitcoin, or any other coin, are voting with their wallets, with their money, by using it. The greater the number of users, the greater it is that that particular has network has consensus rules that have the highest favorability among the people. Which then stimulates further development of that system and its rules.
Centralized systems create incentives for authority figures to amass and concentrate power to the few. It also makes them a target, and central point of failure and corruptibility. If the few at the top are compromised, the whole system can crumble affecting everyone below. 
Without a central point of failure or authority, the bitcoin network will always work according to its consensus rules. The rules stay the same everywhere and anywhere it is being run and used. No one single entity can change the rules upon everyone else. 
Inflation promotes debt as a core feature of the financial system. That works for promoting spending, but it doesn’t promote saving. We can argue back and forth about this but we can agree that the lack of savings is a becoming a real problem in every society. How stable and safe is a society really if a person can finance their new IPhone X but only has less than $500 in savings or in their checking account at any given time of the year? That model works in a booming economy, but when the slowdown happens, it’d really be better to have more than $500 in the bank instead of the shiny new phone that hasn’t been paid for yet and now won’t be because there are layoffs going on left and right. 
Bitcoin may encourage saving, which u call hoarding, but that may be a good thing. People would spend with a focus on their needs first rather than satisfying their wants. 
Cash can be transmitted hand to hand easily but not overseas or internationally. Not without middle men who take their cut in the form of a $20 fee even if you’re just trying to send $100 to some remote village in a third world country where the receiver has to travel miles to the nearest western union, places where there are no banks in the local village. 
With bitcoin, I can send directly to that villager’s cheap Android phone since it’s a proven reality that remote villages tend to lack running water infrastructure but they do have solar powered energy banks where they charge their smart phones. Bitcoin works, peer-to-peer, on a local and global scale. You can give it your daughter in your home, or you can give it to your relative in a country where the financial system has collapsed and the government is literally outlawing physical cash. 
@_date: 2018-07-14 17:01:49
Mods... get this out of here. 
@_date: 2018-04-02 19:21:20
Because how do I use cash to buy something online without compromising my ss, dob, and credit score? 
@_date: 2018-04-26 23:03:08
Dang it. I knew I should have used SegWit and LN 5 years ago. 
@_date: 2018-04-24 13:19:22
So looks like I was right. Womp womp 
@_date: 2018-04-24 02:43:48
So then a few drop out... and then the difficulty readjusts, making it profitable again so then miners jump back in.
Or.... miners protect themselves by going short bitcoin via bitcoin futures.
@_date: 2018-04-24 13:20:01
I think BTC just successfully did a positive cup and handle formation.
@_date: 2018-04-03 14:16:09
What more info? I’m not storing my ss or shipping info directly on the public blockchain. 
Using a prepaid card in some instances requires activation which requires giving some info... like an Ss. 
And I can buy things from anyone online anywhere in the world. It doesn’t need to be a store. The only info exchanged is name and shipping information. No Ss, no dob, no credit score. Yea prepaid cards are an option but I have to physically go to a store to pay one with cash. The alternative is to just earn my bitcoin through work I do and  use that. I never have to use cash. Or let’s say I want to make a big purchase online from a seller across the world. Am I really going to go buy $10000 worth of prepaid cards with $10000 in cash? I’m sure the bank I withdrew that from is going to find that suspicious and look into it without notifying me. Or.... I can just use some bitcoin. And no one has to know. 
@_date: 2018-04-19 01:20:10
Lost your keys? Tough. Your fault for not taking security seriously enough.
Your bank got hacked? Well then, that password you put on your account didn’t really do much, right?
In one scenario, security is assured if u take security seriously and are responsible in keeping it safe.
In the other scenario, it doesn’t matter how careful u are with your debit card or checking account because you’re trusting someone else to handle security for you.... and when they fail and get hacked, there’s nothing u could have done differently. 
So... there’s that. 
@_date: 2018-04-02 11:38:24
They are the buy high/sell low people. I welcome them during the next run up. 
@_date: 2018-04-12 20:39:31
But point of sale with LN and SegWit ensure I can walk away confident, enough that bailiffs aren’t even necessary. Peer to peer transaction, confirmed, done. Merchant and customer engage in an agreed upon transaction that is executed quickly and securely through the rules of math. No middle man needed; bailiffs hate this! Lol 
@_date: 2018-04-08 23:36:48
How have I not answered your question? Identity thieves jobs are made easier when all they have to attack is a single point of failure. That point of failure is the central servers and databases of retailers and banks with all our info. Those servers/databases have every transaction and all the customer account info: information that customer gave them when they signed up for their credit and debit cards like social security, date of birth, license number, address. Enough information for hackers to sell to identify thieves. This is not hypothetical. This has happened and is happening. 
It’s easier to attack a central point of failure holding a lot of people’s info than to extract that same info from a blockchain where that info isn’t even required to be in there in the first place.
In the past 10 years of BTCs existence, how many millions had their ss, dob, license info been compromised? And I’m referring to merchants and actual transactions on the blockchain. Exchange hacks don’t count because BTC users shouldn’t even be using them since the point of crypto was to be peer to peer... not peer to exchange to peer. But even if we included exchange hacks, it still doesn’t compare with the ID theft going on with credit and debit cards. 
Your proposed alternative is to use visa gift cards. why should I have to physically leave my house to purchase a card with cash when I can just stay at home and use my BTC. Furthermore, how is someone in a third world country supposed to buy these gift cards to make purchases? Supposed I want to send money. For that I have to use western union and pay a fee. And I have to disclose my name and address. Sure I could maybe use a visa gift card or whatever western union accepts, but I still have to pay a fee and include my name and address. In some cases, ID is required. Well I don’t want to do that. And I don’t want to pay a fee. And my receiver has to physically travel to a western union location. 
BTC eliminates a lot of the hassle. I send BTC from my SegWit wallet to his SegWit wallet. Low fees. Peer to peer. He never has to leave his home. I know of stories of people in South America who have to travel to “safe” locations to pick up money bc there are criminals staking out these places, knowing there are people picking up money being sent by relatives in America. 
With BTC, it goes from my app to his app and he doesn’t have to tell anyone. 
So as a payment processor and a medium of sending money, it’s more efficient. And I don’t have to worry about a central point of failure holding my personal info.
@_date: 2018-04-03 22:04:43
I’m sick and tired of this “satoshi’s vision” crap. If satoshi had a vision set in stone, he should have copyrighted, patented, setup a board of directors, deputies, all to ensure his vision (whatever it was) would be carried out until the end of time. Or... instead of being anonymous, he could have revealed himself to the world to ensure his vision has a leader... until he’s ready to pass the baton to someone else.
Instead, we got open-source software, available to everyone, for anyone to do as they please. One man, no matter how brilliant his invention is, cannot have the foresight to then dictate how a vision should play out. The vision is no one’s and yet everyone’s. That’s what consensus is. 
So even if there was some satoshi vision..... it’s irrelevant. The bitcoin project he started has a life of its own, out in the wild, where after 10 years it has survived and thrived...and become what it is now. Even satoshi wasn’t sure this would work.... because it wasn’t his anymore. 
Pardon the rant. 
@_date: 2018-04-02 10:51:23
Meh.... I could use a PO box, a throwaway email, a Starbucks internet connection, and a throwaway wallet address. Done. 
Still doesn’t compare to the hassle of knowing my ss is out there along with a lot of identifying info
@_date: 2018-04-27 17:08:40
brass rings found in the quarter machines at the supermarket exit
@_date: 2018-04-04 15:56:10
[reason 1](
[reason 2](
and i can go on.  
why use Visa when every swipe, every time i insert my card, everytime i use it online, i am potentially exposing my SS, DOB, and credit score to hackers? every purchase makes me have to trust that the payment processor will protect my information. but as these examples show, these places are central point of failures, where they are basically asking to get hacked because of all the info they have that hackers want so that they can sell in the black market. 
but when i use bitcoin to buy something from a someone across the world, i don't remember putting in my SS, DOB, and credit score when i was setting up my digital wallet. nor is any of that information stored on the blockchain. 
sure, the only information I'm giving out is my name and shipping address.... but why should i make matters worse by exposing my other info, such as SS, DOB, and credit score, to hackers and data leaks? 
bitcoin leaves my digital wallet, i get purchased product. Done. 
@_date: 2018-04-06 22:52:12
Someone hacking a CC isn’t a problem that is solved with a phone call and 30 minutes. After the Target data breach a few years back, not only was my card compromised but so was all my sensitive information with which a thief could generate a false identity with. My ss, dob, credit score, address, license info.... all of it was compromised. That took months to sort out after cc’s had been attempted to be opened in my name and that’s just what I know about. 
With BTC, I can spend bitcoin I earned (not bought from an exchange) from a wallet that never had any of my sensitive put in when I set it up. Never put in ss, dob, license info.... nothing. So when I make a transaction, I never have to fear my ss is out there due to a decentralized BTC purchase. 
Centralizion is only efficient because we are trusting them to keep our info secure. But being centralized means they are a target for hackers and human error..... and I as a consumer can’t nor should trust them for the sake of efficiency. 
@_date: 2018-04-02 16:49:33
factor in the electricity used to keep a bank branch open. now add in how much electricity the bank employees use to get to work. then add the electricity used to keep the bank servers running 24/7. then add the electricity used to store the information in storage servers.... and those rooms get hot. so factor in the electricity required to cool down the area. 
then add the electricity used by bank headquarters. in nyc, theres a bank of America across Bryant park. even when its closed, the lobby lights are on. the computer monitors are on. theres late-night CNBC playing in a monitor in the lobby. 
add up all of that electricity, all of it needed to confirm everything from a coffee purchase to a real estate deal... and it still has to clear in about 3 days. its not instant as it feels since it clearly says on your account "transaction processing". its never settled until a few days,.
so....... which is the greater electricity waster? the banks with their 3 business day processing service? or bitcoin and its few hours or so now that we use segwit and LN?
@_date: 2018-04-04 16:04:24
when an asset that is only used by barely 1% of the population is available to be traded worldwide by various exchanges.... its bound to be volatile. Fiat still overshadows crypto by a wide margin. furthermore, its in vogue now to bash on crypto and short it through any instrument possible. longs are made fun of and shorts are feeling vindicated.
it wont be long until the average main street joe will want to get in on the short side and by then it'll be too late for them.... as the shorts will get out and initiate long positions. rinse, and repeat. 
@_date: 2018-04-07 03:29:55
If I had to give that info to get a cc... whoever has the info is always at risk of getting hacked. It just happened last week to Lord n Taylor as well. How is that NOT a weakness?
Compare that to a BTC transaction. No ss, dob, or any other info. Just my wallet address and shipping information. I don’t need to make identity thieves lives easier by including ss, dob, and license info. And the BTC I used is BTC I earned and stored on my personal spending wallet, NOT from an exchange that has KYC/AML connected to the BTC purchased. So... there’s that. 
@_date: 2018-12-01 19:53:32
Source it. You made the claim. Lol. 
@_date: 2018-12-05 14:08:53
Intel and Samsung maybe?
@_date: 2018-12-01 19:25:21
I’ve seen every single one of his videos and read what he has written. Never once has he been a proponent of btc price assuredly  increasing. So.... you’re lying. 
@_date: 2018-12-18 02:32:26
And there is still consensus among people throughout the world who use bitcoin. That’s how it works. The miners in China are on consensus with the miners in North America, who are in consensus with the miners in Europe... who are in consensus with the miners in australia... who are in consensus with the miners where ever they are in the world. Same applies with the ones who run full nodes. And then the people sending and receiving bitcoin, whose transactions are in accordance to the consensus rules that they are all a part of. So long as this network of consensus exists bitcoin will never go to zero. Ever. You can be of the opinion that it’s pointless... to you. But for this international network, it means a whole lot to operate outside of the current system. 
The consensus around USD and all other fiat currencies is eroding fast. The euro keeps dropping. Brexit has put uncertainty on the pound. China keeps devaluing the renminbi. The oligarchs want to artificially prop up the ruble. And everyone wants some kind of alternative to the USD because “full faith and credit of the US government” doesn’t mean shit when there’s always a threat of a government shutdown or debt ceiling hike that won’t get approved. 
@_date: 2018-12-18 00:16:10
Yes.... but we know the inflation rate. Knowing removes uncertainty. 
The current will they/won’t they regarding interest rates at the Fed is just one of the many causes for wild volatility in the stock market these days. If the Fed had a fixed timetable on when and how and by how much to raise or lower rates in the future, there would be less uncertainty in the markets. 
The known inflation rate of BTC is a positive and will continue to be so as adoption continues to grow.
@_date: 2018-12-18 04:06:04
Yes you’re correct that bitcoin could theoretically become materially zero IF less people participate in the network. However, it’s not just agreeing on the consensus rules that makes bitcoin possible. It’s also the security of the game-theory mathematics executed in the hashing power that make bitcoin possible. This is where bitcoin has the advantage over all other coins. Sure there are alts that can perform some similar functions..... but their networks are small and the technology has progressed to the point that they can easily be 51% attacked. This happened with Verge-coin and with bitcoin-gold. So these new coins have to sacrifice somethings in order to have “security” against attacks to their networks. This is why many alt-coins are erc20 coins... they piggyback on the ethereum blockchain. They can’t create their own network because there is already enough hashing power in the world today that could easily attack their algorithms.
Bitcoin doesn’t have this problem. At least not for the foreseeable future. It’s hashing power is still far superior to all other coins by a wide margin and that’s why it remains king coin. So although there are coins like ripple or monero or zcash that can do similar things or even better things than bitcoin..... their networks are not as secure as bitcoin. This is also why the bitcoin network can’t “plummet” as you envision. The greater the network size, the greater the value of its consensus. More people go with the stronger network rather than risk going on one that has yet to prove its mettle against attacks. 
Think of it like the big kid in the playground. More kids will want to be around him as they see he’s already got his own posse of friends. Sure there might be one or two other big kids... but the first kid has already established social capital and a reputation for being the strongest and nicest kid around. The other kids might either be bullies or just not as strong or fun to be around. The first kid already has established credibility. And he’s got the most friends who are ready to back him up. Same with bitcoin. Consensus plus superior hashing power equals security which attracts more people over time. 
@_date: 2018-12-25 02:13:01
More like The Revenant... a bear thrashing the crypto market, leaving it for dead... and then it comes back stronger, resilient, determined. 
@_date: 2018-12-12 14:31:15
Decentralized exchanges. 
@_date: 2018-12-12 14:31:40
Ding ding ding! 
@_date: 2018-12-18 00:21:56
So long as there is consensus and a network that agrees on that consensus, bitcoin will never go to zero. 
USD on the other hand is facing a crisis of consensus as evidently seen in the current debate on the government shutdown/Fed raising rates/trade policy. Among the many factors that create “consensus” on USD, the fact that these things are causing volatility in the global
markets is what is leading other countries to consider abandoning USD as the world’s reserve currency. China, Russia, and the Arab states want to stop pricing oil in USD. So far that desire hasn’t led to it actually happening.... but the fact that they’re considering it and openly talking about it should be a massive alarm to USD’s future status as a reserve currency. Consensus is what insures value.... and when consensus erodes, so does value and the prospects of alternatives become attractive. 
@_date: 2018-12-01 21:08:16
Did the research. Andreas has never ever said that BTC should go up in price. In fact, he’s been warning people since the 3k over a year ago that things are getting too hot and to expect a crash.
So.... there’s that. 
@_date: 2018-12-01 08:14:41
Where’s the source on him saying it would increase? Show me. Otherwise... gtfo 
@_date: 2018-12-18 01:53:57
...... are you disagreeing with reality? The consensus is evident in the fact that a block chain exists and that its security is executed via the hashing power. And it all works because there is a consensus. It exists. In the same way that water and land exist lol. But clearly you don’t want to accept facts so there’s nothing more to be said to you. 
@_date: 2018-04-02 18:07:17
that's great. except you're forgetting a simple little act i didn't do: i never attached my name to any wallet. and i never put in my DOB, SS, or home address. theres no credit score involved, so i don't have to worry about that getting affected. its a very simple thing... just don't attach your name to a wallet transaction. done. any other info they want from me will have to be retrieved by going through other layers and hoops. 
i know the government can do what it wants. i cant fight the government. but the hackers who attacked Saks and Lord &amp; Taylor aren't going to go through the extra hoops to get my info if i used crypto. 
@_date: 2018-04-19 01:21:10
That Flash Crash of 2010 was a nice “feature”.
@_date: 2018-12-01 20:50:54
You made the claim. Source it.... or accept that you’re lying. 
@_date: 2019-05-05 16:35:18
We can make smaller satoshis even now. Of course, the moment that becomes a reality will be when 1btc is $10 million.
@_date: 2018-12-05 14:11:47
Your logic isn’t welcome here. /s
@_date: 2018-12-18 00:12:28
The world is a very poor place. Especially since the top 1% control the vast amount of the world’s wealth. Everybody else is getting by on debt. The world may not seem poor based on perceived positive standard of living. But when the debt reaches a critical mass and the creditors demand payment, things get very dark very fast. And that’s when governments come up with “rescue” programs like quantitative easing and zero interest rates..... anything to boost the money supply to “inject” liquidity into the economy. These “stimulus” packages is just more debt. Bottom line is.... the world is a poor place. Just because the average joe seems to be getting by on his 9-5, has the latest smart phone, and drives a medium sized 2 year old car doesn’t mean the looming debt bubble won’t render him jobless and homeless once it pops. 