@_author: tumbler
@_date: 2018-01-17 23:43:08
Hunh, did some more research on that fee and I see it's stayed very low until about the beginning of 2017 when I'd assume bitcoin value started climbing and it's been "high" ever since.
I'm very confused why people expect a currency with such a high fee to use is going to continue climbing at this point. In my extremely short experience you can't buy much with it and as it gets more valuable ....is becomes harder to spend!?
It's trading like a commodity, like oil for example, but as it gets more expensive it's not more valuable as "oil" ...it's less valuable because no one wants to accept it as payment and no one wants to spend it on smaller items because of the fee?
Am I correct? Is it reasonable to expect the trading volume to go down in the future?  (which would make the computers less busy and the network fee might go down?)
@_date: 2018-01-25 22:12:23
Not working for me. Downloaded and signed up last night, (or 2 nights ago?) and still nothing when I swipe left on the cash card screen. (or swipe right)
@_date: 2018-01-17 19:43:44
I wanna talk about the Network fee currently.
So I tried buying some Bitcoins for the first time last night. I used a Debit Card via coinbase and apparently I "own" 0.00448092 BTC ($48) Coinbase takes a 4% commission so I spent $50 and got $48 in bit coins. (approx)
The first thing I wanted to do was go find ways I can spend them. I used the Bitcoin FAQ thread stickied at the top. I tried going to greenmangaming.com, they don't accept them anymore, I tried going to Steam, they don't accept them anymore, I tried going to Humble Bundle, I think they had a link but it was disable with a message that said not accepting them due to the volatility. Tryed going to Gyft, couldn't login for some reason so gave up, tried going to newegg, not accepting them anymore, tried going to overstock and holy cow!!! they accept bit coins!
So I tried checking out and realized that overstock is using coinbase as it's bitcoin payment processing system but at least I could spend a bit coin there.
So now I wanted to see how to get my bitcoins off coinbase so I read up on software wallets for my phone. I landed on Airbitz and installed it and started it up. I wanted to send my bitcoins from Coinbase to the wallet. The wallet took a long time to setup an address for me but now it's there.
So to send my bitcoins to my wallet I tell coinbase to send it to the address on my phone. (had to email myself, copy key, paste into coinbase window)
Then I saw the Network fee. Approx $10 USD of bitcoins. And after doing some research that network fee is simply how this all works... in order to make a transfer that is real that fee is involved.
Is that correct? In order for a bitcoin transaction to happen the network fee has to be paid so that the transaction is recorded by all those mining computers right?
I'm pretty sure this also means that the $50 I spent on coinbase is not a real bitcoin transaction until they transfer it to my wallet then, correct? How were they able to purchase bitcoin for me for $2 (4% of $50) when the network fee is $10? (approx) Can they create transactions without paying the network fee because they're a "miner" themselves?
Assuming 1 person has a bitcoin in their wallet on their phone and another person has a car worth 10k USD and wants to sell it for 1 bitcoin, the first person could scan the address of the person with the car, then send him/her 1 bitcoin, and the network fee would come out of that transaction?
So all transactions cost at least $10? (approx right now) Is that how this works?
@_date: 2018-01-17 23:53:21
I bought my first yesterday as well.
Something that is really concerning is that I can't find a lot of places to spend them. I tried going to Steam, Greenmangaming, Humble Bundle, etc, a lot of places listed on the FAQ and they've stopped accepting them.
I wasn't sure why until I discovered the network fee, approx $10 USD per transaction. Because of hte escalating price of BTC and the increase number of transactions the cost to trade coins between two people is so high it doesn't make sense to buy a lot of items. I'd say large purchase of $500 or more and I suppose I could stomach losing $10 in value but that's a big problem for a currency I would think. It would be like those ATM's that charge a hue fee to take money out, you probably don't want to use them unless you're taking out a lot.
Didn't expect that.
@_date: 2018-01-18 15:56:13
Is this the lightning network people are mentioning? I'll have to read up on that to understand how that works.