@_author: tummler1
@_date: 2017-12-22 17:41:41
The amendment to IRC 1031 is a bit of red hearing. It remains an open question whether crypto to crypto trades qualify for like-kind treatment, hinging on whether the IRS classifies crypto as security. If it is a security, it doesn't qualify for like-kind treatment. Further, to take advantage of 1031, taxpayers need to strictly satisfy a number of procedural steps within a short amount of time when the transaction occurred, the primary step being identifying the transaction as a like-kind exchange in a signed letter to an appropriate individual, such as the counter-party to the transaction or a qualified intermediary.
@_date: 2017-03-13 14:59:36
I just uploaded a new ID confirmation photo, this time with the donor ID icon unobstructed. Let's see if it takes another week for Kraken to respond.
@_date: 2017-03-13 13:22:27
Surprise, I had a response from Kraken when I woke up this morning. They are again rejecting my application because my finger is covering up the tiny organ donor icon in the bottom corner of my ID.
@_date: 2017-08-25 23:10:24


I figured as much, which is why I hedged my statement with "somewhat." However, in the financial industry, "settlement" refers specifically to the transfer of funds or securities. Extant contractual rights relating to the underlying transaction that allows a party to assert a claim against the counter-party does not preclude "settlement." If, on the other hand, the buyer's bank was not obligated to transfer the funds to the merchant processor until after the conclusion of the period of time the buyer has to contest the charge, then you absolutely would be correct under any sense of "settlement."
However, in a colloquial sense, it is perfectly reasonable to conceptualize a credit card transaction that remains subject to a contractual right to contest the charge as not being "fully settled" is perfectly reasonable.
@_date: 2017-08-25 22:06:57


This is somewhat misleading. Settlement, in the traditional sense (i.e., the delivery of funds from buyer's bank to seller's merchant processor) typically occurs in 2 to 4 business days. With respect to reversals, that is a contractual right under the card that may result in purchaser's bank being able to "claw back" the funds from the merchant processor. However, the existence of that contractual right does not prevent "settlement" from occurring.
@_date: 2017-08-25 23:35:45


Absolutely. 


"Settlement" is a term that is thrown around a lot in crypto discussions, and it is often used incorrectly. It's in everyone's interest to use well-defined terms of art in accordance with their established meaning. It avoids confusion and makes everyone better able to discus these issues in mainstream settings, which is becoming ever more important as crypto gains wider adoption and more recognition throughout the financial world.
@_date: 2017-11-11 20:28:34
The practice of segregating customer funds, indeed, may have an effect on the customers' claims in a bankruptcy proceeding. That is a consequence of the practice of segregating funds, not the regulation requiring it. For example, if a brokerage firm disregarded those regulations and intermingled funds and then filed for bankruptcy protection, the customers' claims will be based on the brokerage firm's actual handling of the customers' funds, not how the brokerage firm should have handled the funds.
In practice, the more significant distinction between brokerage firms and something like Gox is the existence of the Securities Investor Protection Corporation.
With that out of the way, I assure you there have been numerous instances of bankruptcy cases in Japan with claims very similar, both qualitatively and quantitatively, to that of the Gox customers.
@_date: 2017-11-18 09:47:26
If the wife knows about the Swiss account and divorces him, the court will consider the account in allocating the parties' marital property, and if it is necessary to liquidate all or part of the account to effect the court's distribution, and he refuses, the court cannot order the Swiss bank to comply with its order. However, the court can have him jailed until he complies.
@_date: 2017-11-11 20:14:39
I am not arguing *for* this outcome. I am arguing *against* the claim that the Gox bankruptcy "is unprecedented, so the laws aren't built to handle such a thing as bitcoin."
This story doesn't end with "the perpetrator gain[ing] wealth beyond his wildest dreams." I am not familiar with the procedural aspects of the administration of bankruptcy cases under Japanese laws. In the US, there would also be a civil suit, either as part of the bankruptcy case or filed as a standalone suit. The trustee would either hold the proceeds or turn the proceeds over to a conservator pending the resolution of the civil suit. The claimants would have a much better argument in the civil suit that the measure of damages should be tied to BTC, including its subsequent appreciation, to be made whole.
@_date: 2017-11-10 23:21:48


In the context of bankruptcy law, it is of no practical consequence to the liquidation process whether a non-fiat, fungible asset with a readily discernible market value based upon a liquid market is subject to a regulatory framework when determining a creditor's rights in the estate based upon a claim arising from such asset. The basic principles of law concerning how such claims are treated during a liquidation in a bankruptcy proceeding were determined long ago and will govern the liquidation of the Mt. Gox estate.
Edited to clarify that I was referring to whether the asset is regulated, not whether the claim itself is regulated.
@_date: 2017-11-10 22:53:48
I find it hard to believe that not once has a single large securities or commodities brokerage firm filed for bankruptcy protection in Japan. Such bankruptcy would involve creditors asserting claims premised on the value of non-fiat assets that are highly liquid and thus had and continue to have an easily ascertainable market value.