@_author: turbostrider
@_date: 2016-03-22 22:35:43
I have a Ledger wallet, but had a hard time logging in this last weekend. Apparently, they updated something with their API that went screwy and made it so people couldn't log-in (by accident of course, something to do with syncing). Is there a way around this? I don't like the idea of having a wallet to where the manufacturers have any degree of control or influence as to whether I can log-in or not. 
@_date: 2016-03-24 03:22:16
Thanks for clarifying this for me!
I did some more looking into this. Electrum has an easy walkthrough menu of how to use Ledger with Electrum. :)
@_date: 2016-01-16 22:39:16
@_date: 2016-01-25 05:06:16
I'm not a developer or coder, or anything of the sort. Just a curious user and follower of bitcoin-- so take these questions/observations with a grain of salt. These are the first thoughts I had in response to your comments.


The smallest we can break down BTC is to 1 satoshi, ya (.00000001)? One satoshi is still a fee (however close to zero), so it's not clear to me his statement is false.


I'm not completely familiar all these potential solutions, but if you link me to somewhere that explains them to the average users-- I'll give them a read.


I am very hopeful about creating a better future (elimination problems of fiat currency, etc). But it does seem as if we are an awfully long way away from 7 billion people using BTC. As more and more people do use it, as we see with TV's, Cell Phones and other technologies in relatively competitive markets-- the capacity/capability increase beyond what has previously been imaginable. Do you think this analogy can also apply to hardware that processes bitcoin transactions?


Can you specify where/what you mean by backwards logic?


You make a good point-- they don't necessarily represent me as I don't believe I have enough knowledge about the nuances or intricacies of this debate to form meaningful opinion in the first place (even though I use these fiat exchanges). At the same time, if the author is indeed wrong, then he might simply have a false belief (rather having sinister or nefarious intentions leading him to make "false attempts" to deceive people or something).