@_author: turingpharma
@_date: 2017-12-24 11:17:55
Ahhh I think I'm seeing your issue now, you seem to understand investments to only refer to stocks? Regardless, yes, actually, humans have been trading equity for a really long time, obviously it wasn't always numbers on a ticker and didn't have the liquidity that's become the norm, but water rights contracts, property contracts and leases, commodity contracts, bonds, and on and on and on existed long before the 20th fucking century lmfao, and yes, the average western middle class man in the 70's knew how to buy bonds, stocks, and contracts, stock brokers don't have a stranglehold on the entire financial services industry? 
I'm old enough to understand some basic personal finance, how old are you? 
@_date: 2017-12-24 04:38:42
Well, you'd argue that, sure, but based on what? What was this apparent catalyst that suddenly allowed "middle-class people" to purchase equity, commodities, and contracts that were previously unavailable for [insert your reason?]? Are you possibly getting confused by the fact that the advent of electronics shifted the dynamics of financial markets? Certainly investment banking's rising dominance of financial flows has altered the dynamics by which the middle class man invests his capital, but fundamentally the concepts have been pretty static since the beginning of civilization. Our Western versions of financial instruments can trace back centuries, and have historically been extensively used by agrarian communities (for obvious reasons). 
Honestly I think you just don't really know what it is you're talking about
@_date: 2017-12-24 11:23:17
In the context of a civilization that possesses the means to support a basic financial services industry, 20000 is a pretty long shot, what are you basing that on? Around 4000 BC is when humans began supporting and engaging in consistent trade, which is what establishes a need for financing avenues (aka investment)
@_date: 2017-12-23 15:31:26
Investing in equity, commodities, and financial instruments are all traditional methods of investing and have been around a lot longer than a few decades, and continue to have as many success stories as failure stories. If you're just throwing money at something hoping for a gain that's promised to you, and haven't done any research into why you're making that investment over others, you're not investing, you're gambling. Fundamentally strong companies continue to pump out long term gains for their investors, plenty of index and mutual funds are conservative enough to easily hit 10% annual returns, hell the average index fund already hits 7% and I don't know of many stock indices that have experienced a long term crash in recent history, or that are due for one. 
You're probably talking about hedge funds, which aren't traditional methods of investing for common folk, like at all, which tend to have far more aggressive and risky strategies. 