@_author: turkey344
@_date: 2015-01-28 15:36:44
Starving troll II reporting for duty.  Actually not really a troll.  Trying to share some wisdom.  Be careful to not let the price of bitcoin cloud your vision.  Usage is NOT always good.  Read on.
If the company encouraging usage is actively working with government to build expensive rules and regulations around what they do, that is not good for bitcoin, it's good for the company.
What do you think this state licensing is all about?  Are you aware of what it costs to become a money service business just in Nebraska?
[HERE IS THE NEBRASKA STATUTE THAT ANSWERS THESE QUESTIONS.](
Even if you are a tiny, 2 person startup with a single customer who lives in Nebraska who you limit to say $500 daily in buys and sells, the MINIMUM amount you need to pay is a $100,000.00 bond deposit to "protect" that one customer should you do something bad.  That's where the scale starts.  Not at 500 dollars.  100 large.
You also must pay a $1000 application fee, a $250 renewal fee, and meet minimum net worth requirements.  This is to sell bitcoin to one person in Nebraska.
If you think Nebraska is insane, check out Pennsylvania.  You better have $1,000,000 to deposit with the State, 10x more.  For the first customer.
These state agencies are not set up to encourage innovation and competition.  They are designed to protect customers at the cost of killing small companies.  If you are a regulator, would you rather deal with a dozen big companies or hundreds of tiny companies?  It's only natural for them to set up barriers to entry.  Too bad this has decimated innovation in financial services for 50+ years.
To do business nationwide, you better have at least $1m to burn in fees, deposits, and legal costs.  That's $1m you are prepared to toss on top of having to build a business and find customers.
But companies that are seeking to barricade themselves behind these outdated rules and anti-competitive regulations are good because of "USAGE"?
Don't be so naive, lifeboatz.  I'll leave you with this cautionary catchphrase.
There's a game being played here, and if you aren't playing it, you are BEING PLAYED.