@_author: turquoisefloyd
@_date: 2015-01-31 01:40:46
Inflation incentivises expenditure on capital investments or consumer goods. If I can get more value for my money by sitting on it and not investing in capital such as stocks or portfolios why bother invest? Similarly, in a hypothetical situation, why would I produce a good or service if relatively it becomes cheaper and cheaper to purchase my product? Especially if it isn't an essential. That money is just going to sit in a hole and do nothing now.
Even if you factor out a central reserve bank's meddling with the cash rate, and imagine we lived in a 100% bitcoin economy, inflation would still occur if there was economic growth as inflation is a measure of the average price increase of goods from one year to the next. Price of goods increase when there is inadequate supply or INCREASED DEMAND. A society with no economic growth would have no upward pressure on prices and hence no overall increase of average prices - or inflation. 
Tldr: no inflation = no economic growth 
@_date: 2015-01-31 02:56:04
Strawman: 10/10 Refutation of my point: 0/10
@_date: 2015-01-31 01:46:48
That would happen if the company provided some sort of benefit (greater returns, dividend pay out, diversification of assets etc etc) that was greater than Bitcoin's return though 
@_date: 2015-01-31 02:45:53
Personally mate I buy my koolaid at the economics textbook store; I'm not American, and aside from a passing headline I care nothing about the fed. What you lambast as theft I call regulating the business cycle by disincentivising or incentivising saving and credit through price signals. 


Where did I say that? 


I'll use microeconomic terms so you can understand better. The year on year increases of equilibrium price of a good or service as the demand of a good grows as the amount of consumers grow (population growth) is called inflation. 
This increasing equilibrium price or inflation happens because supply side production factors are limited while demand is infinite so no we cannot simply conjure more supply to satiate this growing demand and keep prices at the same level they were for now and until the end of time unless everyone spontaneously adopts the idea that it is okay to have diminishing material comfort as population grows...not going to happen. 