@_author: tutus-1
@_date: 2018-06-12 19:06:02
Not if Bitcoin becomes a real currency and your debt is therefore in Bitcoin. Say you bought your house 5 years ago for 1000 Bitcoins (a house worth about £250,000) and you agree to repay 20 a year (just over 5 grand) - you’ve got 900 left to pay off today - how on Earth are you going to afford that when, if it were in dollars, your debt has become multiple millions and one year’s payments is £134,000.
@_date: 2018-11-21 10:24:59
Not if you plan to hold the asset longer term - if you buy at $100 and the price goes to $200 then $50 then $100 then $1 then $500 - you haven’t gained or lost anything at any point until you sell. 
If this were a pension mutual fund then you wouldn’t think about gains or losses today because you won’t realise those assets for decades (at which point the price will matter).
If bitcoin will never again rise in value then anyone holding today will, inevitably, lose money when they eventually sell or it goes to 0 but if it rises back in 2, 5, 10 years then the current price is irrelevant.
@_date: 2018-11-21 09:32:19
I suspect he’s referring to the concept of crystallising loss - if you hold 1 bitcoin then you hold that amount of asset irrespective of what the current value is - it might be down 99% from what you bought it at or it might be up 100% - it doesn’t matter because all you have is 1 bitcoin.
It is only converted into money when you sell and therefore no longer have the asset. Therefore until you sell you have your entire investment to lose and once you sell and crystallise your gains or losses you no longer lose or benefit from any change in the price going forward.
@_date: 2018-12-14 17:27:07
Fine. Let’s just leave it with a good faith bet. If in 10 years there is no such thing as mortgages, loans or consumer credit, Bitcoin is the main currency of the US and property is, let’s say, half it’s price I’ll promise to donate 3 bitcoins to charity.
If it’s not, then you can do the same for $10k (about the same current value and, due to inflation, you’re probably getting a good deal).
Have a nice day.
@_date: 2018-12-12 23:06:01
Why? I want to own a house. A house costs far more money than I have right now, I get paid monthly for my work, it would take me 20 years to save enough money to buy a house outright (not accounting for the rent I’d have to pay in between) but I’d like to have somewhere to live now.
Isn’t it sensible that someone with lots of money today (the Bank) lends me the money to buy a house now and lets me pay them back over the next 20 years?
Same concept with a business loan. If you’ve got a great idea for a business, it’s better that you get a loan to start it now and pay it back with the profits you make rather than waiting a decade to try to save money elsewhere before you can get started.
@_date: 2018-12-14 10:57:48
Sorry, just to confirm, you believe that switching to a deflationary, fixed volume, worldwide currency will reduce the value of safe, fixed assets like property by as much as 10 times when the demand for such property (based on population, migration to cities and the desirability of certain areas) won’t reduce?
So a house that’s currently worth $500,000 will be worth, in bitcoin equivalent, $50,000?
The only way I can see logic in your argument is if you think current house prices (which obviously vary massively around the world despite them all using fiat currency) are purely based on loans and that bitcoin will render such loans impossible and therefore bring down prices? (Because people won’t be able to offer as much)
In reality what happens in these circumstances (as happened in the financial crisis) is that people with wealth (whether that’s money, property or bitcoin) will buy up lower priced property by outbidding everyone who can no longer take out a mortgage and then rent those properties back to those same people (since they earn their money monthly so that will be their option to keep a roof over their heads). 
Sounds fucking terrible to me.
@_date: 2018-12-14 16:59:42
I work in finance mate, I understand what a mortgage is. You also don’t explain why human beings would somehow cease to borrow/lend money in a crypto currency-only world - loans have existed since pilgrims were travelling to Jerusalem during the crusades and probably much earlier. Credit facilities have been an absolute bedrock of allowing modern economies to flourish - they allow the average person to trade their future work for instant capital - massively important.  
Let’s just leave it here. If you think Bitcoin is going to make houses 10 times cheaper for the average homebuyer and somehow increase supply by making loads of new houses be built for some unrelated reason when the vast majority of property value comes from the land not the building itself then fair enough.
Personally I think that’s an absolutely bizarre fantasy.
@_date: 2018-12-14 18:16:35
Cheers. Just one last note just because you mentioned being defensive about this due to my industry - that’s slightly unfair as it may surprise you just how much we discuss, have training on and attend seminars on the blockchain and cryptocurrency - just about every other week we hear speakers and experts talk on the subject as the portfolio managers look for how it will affect that market or how it can one day be traded effectively - I don’t work for a bank and so loans and mortgages don’t pay my wages - I can assure you that the asset management industry isn’t scared of all this - it’s very interested in its potential. But we certainly don’t see crypto as the cure for all ills and there’s also definitely not a consensus that Bitcoin will even be the implementation that takes off.
One example is that the industry is definitely looking at how blockchain could be used to disrupt the old methods of clearing houses and custodians/depositories to reduce middle man transactions for funds.
@_date: 2018-12-07 18:04:39
Your example of a valid, real world use case to convince someone of the merits of crypto currency is the ability to send untraceable money to a total stranger across the internet?
The average, real world person has literally never had cause to do something like that - when would they even want to do that? PayPal and banks are useful, protective service providers to the overwhelming majority of people so painting them as some enemy to remove from the chain isn’t a good selling point.
You need to think of a real world use case, for the average man on the street, that is better for them than the current setup.