@_author: tuxlof
@_date: 2013-11-15 19:47:21
this ^^
maybe this can lead to rise in litecoin at the end of the road?
@_date: 2013-04-05 16:10:02
Geenstijl isn't a credible voice in the media. Just as De Telegraaf
@_date: 2013-10-23 20:39:18
Even though Bitcoin itself has anonimity as a benefit, there's going to be a wallet identification system to make transactions more safe.
If I would want to trade BTC and I'm able to ask for a verified ownership certificate (something like mtgox is doing), I'm 100% sure I would only do transactions with people who have one. Because (unless falsified, which would be a crime on itself) I know who I'm dealing with.
It should scare off scammers. and if you want your bitcoins 'off the grid' again you can just launder them. You can design a system to stop laundering ofcourse but I think you can't prevent it completely.
An integrated system like that would offer so much space for innovation. 
I know I may step on some toes here, but I'm actually pro government regulation. That'll only mean bitcoin is going to be more and more accepted, regulated and safer while it still has the possibilities it has now. 
I wouldn't mind paying taxes on a big transaction if I also receive the benefits (like being able to go to the police when you get robbed and actually have a case). This would only be applicable when you're dealing with wallet-person identification. 
You can always choose to use unidentified addresses if you don't like the idea. 
A system like that can (imho) only be successful through government regulation if you want to have the protection and safety laws have to offer.
Maybe I'm wrong, but imho if someone hacks an mmorpg account and steals my ingame currency, or someone hacks a bitcoin wallet, aren't really quite far from eachother as a crime when you look it from government perspective. It's both an alternate currency and can be exchanged for other currencies and services/goods. The one only is valued more then the other. 
We like to take it more serious then that, but if we want that we need to mature first. It's more a playground now, a lot to be discovered. Lets all get rich!
@_date: 2013-10-24 17:38:42
I was aiming my post at the reference to the guy who had been 'blindly robbed' of his headphones. That thread exactly shows what's wrong with bitcoin as it is now. It's a very vulnerable currency when it comes to trading, some form of regulation should actually do good when it comes to safety.
edit: 
the author is referencing to this in his blog article.