@_author: tuxorz
@_date: 2014-07-08 14:16:41
Ooo what's that?
@_date: 2014-08-03 15:33:17
Hey there, sorry that this is a delayed response.


Sure thing.


Yes and No. It's just not simply an issue of "printing". In fact, many times it is a much bigger problem of lending and borrowing...which later down the line means printing. In the case of Greece, Italy, and Spain, *because* of the fact that they were on the Euro, they were able to borrow much more than they otherwise would have been allowed because of their Euro status. If the Greeks had been using the Drachma and had borrowed that same amount of money, the lenders of the world would have shut them off much sooner, since they would have known that only Greece used the Drachma, and Greece could not rely upon a European Central Bank to bail them out; it would have been the sole responsibility of Greece (excluding the totally unhelpful and usually harmful IMF). This would have given Greece an incentive to slow government spending and borrowing much sooner.


Printing money to purchase things it cannot afford is *exactly* what the U.S. government and many governments are doing right at this very moment. They just add a few extra steps.
First, the U. S. government spends more money than it has, which creates a deficit. The USA has a rather large deficit at the moment. Since  it is in the currently favored position of still (although not for long) holding the status of world reserve currency, it has more allowance to increase its deficit spending (i. e. borrowing to buy things it can't afford).
At some point, the U.S. must pay this debt. But since the debt burden is now so high, the Federal Reserve has indeed bought a gargantuan amount of U.S. Treasuries. This is just another way of "printing money"...
The Fed does not really have any assets. Sure, maybe they have a little gold etc in their vaults, but in reality, they try to keep a 0 balance. So what did the Federal Reserve use to buy all of these Treasury Bills? You can't get something for nothing.
The Fed essentially, through accounting magic, "created" billions of dollars out of thin air in order to purchase these bonds. 
That does not necessarily mean that we will all see hyper inflation suddenly. But it does mean that the Fed "printed" a lot of new currency out of thin air. 
Much of that new currency is still floating around, sloshing back and forth between the big banks which got the money. In other words, the money isn't really doing anything at the moment (in many sectors). Companies are not really spending a lot of their money, and many of them have lots of cash that they are sitting on. 
As for the artificially low interest rates, this is also bad, since it means that credit is most probably much cheaper than it otherwise would be without the Fed's manipulation. If credit is cheaper than the market deems it should be, people will borrow money that they otherwise would not borrow, and will spend money that they otherwise would not spend. This means that many of these people will make bad decisions in the long term, and yet again will be a left in a position with too much (currently) cheap debt, and very little savings. 
Cheap debt is inflationary, because cheap debt means cheap money. It means that people would rather spend their money now rather than save it for later...which is like...the *definition* of inflationary.


That is just totally untrue. We humans have had forms of fiat currency since at least the time of the ancient Greeks and various ancient Chinese dynasties. It's just until now that the entire world has jumped aboard this insanity. 
Every time you see a large scale issuance of state-issued paper currency, whether it's pegged to gold, silver, tobacco, livestock, or *nothing*, it always becomes a simple short matter of time until someone in power decides to spend more than they should, and thus dilute the purchasing power of the currency in order to pay for their overextended budgets. And it's always the tax payers who suffer.


This is course a totally irrelevant comment, since a totally decentralized digital currency has never existed before until now, so of course we have no idea what will become of it. Fiat currency, on the other hand, has a perfect track record: 100% failure.


no, this is not my main opposition to central banks. Inflation is of course one possible (and usual) symptom to the manipulation of the money supply, but my actual problem with the Central Bank's control of the money supply is that **it has a control of the money supply**, which inevitably means that it can make decisions which will benefit those closest to the trough. More importantly however, it means that the free market is not allowed to actually discover true prices, which hurts everyone involved in the market except those few whom it may benefit unfairly.


Yes, they say that, however the CPI continuously changes its parameters ever few years, which makes it very difficult to rely upon it. Perhaps milk and bread have not soared dramatically over the last few years, but then again, those items are heavily subsidized, which means that the taxpayers absorb much of the farmers' costs. Education, Insurance, and healthcare on the other hand have skyrocketed, yet the CPI does not use such things in their measurements... 
So what you have is a massive bubble in certain sectors of the economy, but not others. And the CPI almost always avoids including those sectors.


First off I of course refer you to the previous point I made about inflation and the CPI.
Second, even looking at the chart you gave me, I don't see your point: The largest amounts of inflation under the gold standard occurred during WW1 and WW2. During the great Depression we see large amounts of deflation, and then after 1971 (the year Nixon took the U. S. off its last pathetic vestige of a gold standard), we see more than a decade of large amounts of inflation. And if anything, the years with large amounts of inflation combined with the gold standard just show how much more difficult it was to hide the inflation.
But even during the years with the gold standard and large amounts of inflation, what is your point? I am not advocating for the state to go back to having a gold standard. I am advocating for the total dismantling  of central banks, which have a totally consistent record of fucking us all in the ass, and generally making a mess of things. Also, I never said that having a central bank gold standard meant that the central bank would not try to manipulate the currency. Spoiler Alert, they always do. Don't forget that the Federal Reserve Note was pegged $25/ounce of gold, then Roosevelt confiscated everyone's gold, and then magically over night the Federal Reserve Note was $35/ounce. That's right, it makes it a bit easier to inflate a gold pegged currency when you steal everyone's gold...but of course I digress.
But yes, a gold standard would at least be better than what we have now, since it would be VERY EASY to know when the central bank/state is trying to FUCK YOU IN THE ASS, since you would be able to measure the level of ass fucking by the amount of gold your shitty paper can buy.
As opposed to now, when all people ever seem to be able to do is compare their shitty paper purchasing power to other countries' shitty paper purchasing power.
Meanwhile, the first ones to the trough are laughing all the way to the bank...oh wait, they're already in the bank.
@_date: 2014-07-16 20:49:59
Rising prices is not inflation. Rising prices because of an increase in currency is inflation.
@_date: 2014-07-17 03:31:53
Yes, Keynesians are delusional. I'm going to even give you the benefit of the doubt and assume you were not the one who downvoted my previous comment.
@_date: 2014-07-08 13:52:11
Hive, I could kiss you right now.
@_date: 2014-07-27 13:34:05
The fact that those countries did so poorly is directly linked to the manipulation of the money supply. Money is a medium of exchange which represents value. If man can manipulate this means of exchange, then over time there is no permanent confidence in what that currency represents in value. Also, there is no fiat currency which has survived longer than 50 years, as far as we know in all of human history. It never lasts, because eventually governments always manipulate it in order to buy things it cannot afford on the backs of the unsuspecting taxpayers who lose their purchasing power through inflation. A decentralized currency on the other hand keeps EVERYONE in check, since no single greedy entity can control it to amass/print wealth simply for itself.
@_date: 2014-07-08 13:46:48
There is just so much about this security stuff I still don't understand. I have one bitcoin sitting with coinbase.com
Is that bitcoin not safe?
@_date: 2013-09-01 15:08:49
Apparently it's both.
@_date: 2013-06-14 23:36:07
I can do his voice pretty well if you wanna hear a sample or something! :) I'm not a professional, but I am pretty good at impersonations.