@_author: twanson01
@_date: 2019-11-03 07:33:36
I trade btc options/futures on deribit and have been extremely successful doing so. But there are many barriers of entry. You will need to know options very well to have a chance at being profitable, and regular options are complicated enough. Btc options are an extra layer of complexity as now you are trading contracts valued in btc while also trying to protect your underlying btc equity. Deribit has low liquidity and unless you are patient with limit orders the bid ask spreads will be brutal. I very rarely take market orders.
Of course you can always leverage yourself with futures for less complexity but this is very directional and to me feels a lot like rolling the dice. Personally it's not my style and i solely use futures to hedge option positions.
It's been a long hard road getting to this point for me so if you decide to go this route be prepared for a rough start.
@_date: 2019-12-16 17:57:16
Yup can't trust it on exchanges. I actually used quadriga when I first purchased coins but luckily had the wisdom to get it out of there asap. Admittedly should have done more research because the more I learned about them the more they seemed like a total scam. Prices were always above spot price too.
@_date: 2019-12-16 16:42:57
For anyone with a few brain cells yeah. Lawyers are trying to dig up the body because as of now he's gotten away with it and it seems investigation is minimal from what I know.
@_date: 2019-12-12 21:12:00
If you're uncomfortable with the volitility sell a bit of futures to offset the risk. You'll make less on an upmove but protect yourself from the downside. If you're able to learn how to properly trade options that's even better, but that's a daunting task.
Just stick to a plan if you're not an experienced trader. Don't get in over your head trying to predict movement. Protect 25%/50% of your equity or whatever you are comfortable with and leave it at that.
@_date: 2019-12-16 16:28:39
"Died" of chrones disease while on a trip in India. Was the only person to hold the keys to people's bitcoin. So with his death people who had coin on his exchange lost it all. Can't remember how much was lost but it was a lot. Pretty suspicious that quadriga had such flawed business practices with him taking everything upon himself and then dropping dead at 30 unexpectedly.