@_author: tweaker20
@_date: 2018-03-24 14:59:47
At the essence, they function as intermediaries of trust. That's what all of their various services and products, including loans, do. And the central conceit of the blockchain is that it makes intermediaries obsolete. P2P loans, microloans, and crowdfunding already exist today. If banks are smart, they'll scale all that to enterprise level using blockchain tech, but even in that case, the overall value they provide to their clients can only decrease compared to now.
@_date: 2018-02-26 01:57:35
I never said they weren't authoritarian -  my point was they're not a one-man show like Russia or most other dictatorships out there, historical or contemporary.
@_date: 2018-02-26 00:29:08
The Chinese aren't a Western-styled democracy, but they aren't some strongman dictatorship either. They're a meritocracy with a thorough system of checks and balances, and that shows in the very commendably forward-thinking decisions they've been making in the past decade.
@_date: 2013-11-25 16:17:18
Now this is getting ridiculous. How do these articles get published without any basic fact-checking? The Korean government did not post an announcement on a Facebook page. Rather, some individual left a query on a gov't-managed Q&amp;A board, and shared the reply he received on the Korean Bitcoin community Facebook page. 
Furthermore, the reply does not amount to a formal announcement, and the gist of the message was more along the lines of "we don't have any official precedent or policy regarding bitcoin, so for the time being we'll consider it as not falling under existing tax codes. Refer to the Ministry of Finance for an authoritative interpretation of relevant legislature."
@_date: 2013-11-25 16:24:14
While what you say is true as of right now, my point was that this so-called "announcement" does not by any means reflect a coordinated stance the Korean gov't (as a whole) is taking. 
The reply simply states that under current practice, the Korean tax office will ignore capital gains from bitcoin investment, with the clear implication being that if the Ministry of Finance looks into the matter and decides differently, everything could be reversed at moment's notice. 
@_date: 2013-11-24 14:58:25
This is a misleading title. 
I took a look at the actual Facebook post the link refers to, and it turned out not to cite an official government announcement, but a reply from something like a Q&amp;A board managed by low-level civil servants. The posts on these Q&amp;A boards do hold a certain authority and are upheld in most cases, but they are not always legally binding. 
While the gov't reply did acknowledge that under current Korean law, capital gains taxes don't apply to bitcoin, it also made clear that there is no legal or administrative precedent as to bitcoin regulation in Korea, and that the OP should refer to the Ministry of Finance for a definitive answer. This means that the "favorable tax policy" as described by the link is of a transitory nature and could be overturned at any time. 
In short, what we can take away from this post is that the Korean government is barely aware of bitcoin's existence, and has not yet established any official policy on bitcoin regulation. So, in the short run, no taxes, yes, BUT there's absolutely no guarantee that this trend will continue in the long run. 