@_author: tweenk
@_date: 2017-12-23 01:50:08
In order for a currency to not appreciate or depreciate, someone has to enforce a monetary policy that targets zero inflation - you need a central bank or an algorithm that implements a central bank.
@_date: 2017-12-23 01:47:48
Rapid price swings cannot be avoided unless there is a way to enforce an inflation-targeted monetary policy, i.e., to control the amount of money in circulation in a way that stabilizes prices. Governments typically target low positive inflation to prevent cash hoarding and encourage people to put money in banks and actually spend it, but in principle you can target any rate.
The current monetary policy of Bitcoin is not inflation-targeted. It is equivalent to a gold standard: coins are never destroyed and they are minted on a fixed schedule.
To have an inflation-targeted monetary policy, a cryptocoin would need one of two things:
* Central authority that mints new coins or destroys existing ones by buying and selling securities with an address that has an infinite supply of coins, depending on market conditions. In practice, this is equivalent to fiat money with a central bank, so why waste all this electricity?
* Inflation targeting algorithm that replaces the central authority. It's unclear to me how this could work - how would the algorithm choose what to buy/sell?
@_date: 2017-08-02 04:50:09
Fiat currency has the ability to increase or decrease the money supply to match the size of the economy and stabilize prices. A currency with a fixed money supply combined with a growing economy causes deflation, which encourages hoarding, which in turn leads to economic contraction.
Money is worthless if no one wants to accept it in exchange for goods and services, but *also* when no one wants to part with it.
Moderate inflation is necessary to make people spend and invest (directly or by putting money in a bank account) instead of hoarding cash.
The only reason Bitcoin sort of works right now is because most places that accept Butcoin do not specify prices in Bitcoin, they specify it in a local fiat currency and use the exchanges, so that Bitcoin is effectively just a fancy money transfer mechanism. This way prices remain stable in practice despite constant deflation, but the source of stability is the local fiat currency, not Bitcoin. If any nontrivial economy started using Bitcoin directly, it would grind to a halt due to extreme deflation.