@_author: twentythree59
@_date: 2017-11-06 15:57:40
I mean, maybe our definitions of government differ, but I do think that given enough population, a group that functions as a government will always arise.  In lawless lands, it tends to be criminal groups.  A land with out government doesn't seem like a happy place to me.  
@_date: 2017-11-07 00:35:44


I actually want to go the other direction with it.
The non-aggression principle hits a problem as soon as people *can not* be responsible for their own existence.  Anyone with any kind of limit could be put into a position where they can't adequately represent themselves.  Children are just the beginning.  Anyone with a disability, physical or mental, could be put into a similar scenario.  Old people who are suffering from dementia are another group that can't adequately take care of themselves.  
People who hold strong to the non-aggression principle 100% would say those people would just die and that's natural selection doing it's thing... but I think that is a short sighted mindset.  Are they truly going to suggest that someone like Steven Hawking has been a net negative on society simply because he can't adequately take care of himself?  You've displayed some empathy that varies from this ideal, but I feel that the extreme case of this argument demonstrates that it isn't a sound logic.  It only works when everyone is on a level playing field and our world is anything but level.
My analysis of the train scenario is that you have *chosen* to let 3 people die.  You are not absolved of responsibility simply because you did nothing (like how a parent isn't innocent if they don't feed their baby).  If they were unable to move, they were like the child in the second example.  Through the aggression of someone else (even if you did not see it), they had their control removed from them.  You had the choice to turn or to not turn.  You *selected* to stay the course and kill 4 people instead of 1.  By my analysis, you are now responsible for 3 deaths.  Had you turned the lever, killing 1, you'd be responsible for none, as 1 was always going to happen.  Choosing the path that resulted in more death *is* the act of greater aggression. 
To me this extends further out into things like taxes.  It's a bit of a long conversation (we can go through it if you want), but ultimately, you morally *obligated* to help others.  You not only *should* pay taxes to help support society (of which you reap the benefits as well), but you would be in support of taking money from the greedy to support those that need it (of which *they* are reaping the benefits of as well).  
@_date: 2017-11-06 21:08:20
How do children play into it for you?  For example:
You come across an adult beating a child to death.  Let's say the child is 3 and the adult is clearly full grown, healthy, and has some grey hair.  They are hitting hard and the child is screaming and bleeding.  You are in a parking lot and there is no one else around.  You're phone is with out service.  
Will you take a stance of aggression to protect someone who can't do it for themselves?  Will you leave and the child will die and you'll say "not my fault?" 
@_date: 2017-11-06 16:14:18
I had the nonaggression principle explained to me with the following story....
You are brought into a train control room where you can change the path of the train.  It is currently going to hit 4 people that can not move.  You can flip a switch and it will turn, but it will still hot 1 person.  The train is moving and you have 3 seconds to decide.  What do you do?
They said they would do nothing.  Someone else is responsible for 4 deaths.  If they flip the switch, they are responsible for 1. 
Is that accurate to how you think about it?
I'm about to go to work and my next reply maybe a while from now.