@_author: twentyamf28
@_date: 2019-12-26 00:22:28
Every single social media platform out there are all silencing conservative voices and censoring right platform talkers like Ben Shapiro, Stefan Molyneux, and many others. Twitter, Facebook, Instagram, Google chrome the fucking internet for god sakes all censor right wing information. As CNN still plasters fake news everywhere and their viewer count continues to plummet. I'm so sick of this, I truely hope the Senate stops letting the DNC get away with this shit, plays hard ball and destroys the Democratic party. Expose their corruption. There's way to many zombie Kool aid drinking clueless leftist voters in this world it's scary and it needs to end. I haven't seen them censor anything from the left. 
 Even Wikipedia just started to silence right wing views. There are very very rich people progressively trying to turn the USA into a socialist Utopia then communist when that fails. They want us all to be slaves, and people continue to vote to have all their rights taken away 1 by 1. Blows my mind.
@_date: 2019-12-26 02:37:10
"Boomer" shows your intelligence and age. I'm guessing 13? Still on mom's WiFi? Your a privileged anarchist. Don't forget that. An anarchist that wants more government control over your life? An anarchist that's okay with censorship? That makes sense. I'll correct myself, once you have your own mortgage and bills, ( if you ever do) your views will change.
@_date: 2019-12-07 03:18:30
I can't see this ever happening. A big portion of countries GDPs go towards their military. There will always be money for war.
@_date: 2019-12-07 03:12:58
Trump's money from the Russians. What are you even talking about... Don't be a sheep.
@_date: 2019-12-25 23:33:43
Just like they're censoring conservative views. YouTube's moving way to far left, they don't want you to have your 1st amendment rights.
@_date: 2019-12-26 03:50:32
Guessed you've missed all the Lefty's hoping the economy crashes so Trump won't get reelected. Bill Maher even said it on live TV. It's simple really bad economy equals more people needing government assistance which equals another vote for good ol socialism. How can you say Obama's economy was booming? China is immigrating to other nations Canada, and most specifically Africa. They want Africa to be the last bastion of manufacturing, hence their imperialism into Africa. They're taking over Africa economically, saying we will spend money here and help you but we're going to own you economically and use Chinese immigrants to work the jobs. USA is in 3rd year straight of population decline birth rates are at, and have been an all time low. It's not a problem here. Go tell China and India to stop having kids good luck. China and India alone produce 90% of the world pollution and emissions, and you think we need to spend more tax payers money? For what? Our emissions have been steadily declining. Can't argue anymore. Do better research. And don't go to Snopes ever again. That's not fucking research. Go buy an electric car that Africans kids have been mining the batteries like slaves. Shut your furnace off. Stop eating meat. Hypocrisy everywhere. Can't reduce emissions if China and India won't budge.
@_date: 2019-12-26 03:14:25
If you use Snopes and only Snopes as your means of information, I can't argue with someone like you. Guess you haven't heard of the tax break programs company's get for hiring felons that every single state in the nation has. Guess you better buy an electric car, turn the gas meter on your mom's house off so you don't use the furnace, and stop eating meat before climate change kills us all. Hypocrisy everywhere.
@_date: 2019-12-26 03:02:22
If climate change was truly at a breaking point of no return, don't you think the government and the wealthy would be building nuclear reactors on every major city with bodies of water. Nuclear energy is the only possible way to cut down on emissions without destroying the economy. All those scientists claiming climate change get money in grants and there are many climate scientist who, once near retirement and don't need they money, have come out and said it's a complete lie. You think if the world was going to end soon the rich would truely do something about real climate change, or do you think they're going to escape to a different planet while we all die? There's just as many climate scientist who claim it's a hoax you just haven't heard from them in the news. You hear from the expert on climate, a highschool kid named Greta.  But I'm sure funneling millions of taxpayers dollars into a climate change program would save the world and not end up in the political pockets of corruption. Yea okay.
@_date: 2019-12-26 02:14:36
Remember it's easy to vote yourself into socialism but you have to shoot your way out. Found the young one. You'll become more conservative as you get older. None of which I mentioned have homophobic or racists views, you've just been brainwashed by the media.
@_date: 2019-12-26 03:39:09
And yes tax cuts help everyone. They've helped me, along with Trump's doubling the child tax credit. Tax's either go up or down, and it's more money in your pocket when they go down, I don't care what you say.
If you care about the budget here's how we fix it.
 We need to balance the budget and cut back on spending. It's the only way. GDP growth has been just keeping up with debt growth, but it can’t keep going like it is.
The military is less than 15% of the federal budget. Entitlements (welfare- ss, Medicare, medicade) account for almost 70%.
Cut spending, cut redundant government agencies, cut expensive and useless government programs, welfare reform, and renegotiate global trade deals like Trump's doing. USMCA needs to get passed but Pelosi's letting it collect dust on her desk rather Trump get a victory.
There have been fewer and fewer calls for legislation in Congress by Democrats or Republicans to attempt to reduce the federal budget deficit. If they cared to put aside some of their differences and actually tackle the problem.
It's literally impossible to cut spending because of the media. If you try to cut a cent from any welfare program the dems scream about Republicans killing people which the media allows them to do unchallenged. Then you have every single Democratic politician campaigning on free everything including illegals without a serious plan to pay for it. It's just a mess.
At the end of the day, Congress makes the budget and 75%+ of Republicans want to spend and spend and spend with the 100% of Democrats that do. So much for the tea party Republicans that were going to hold the line here.
Most of the debt is owed to the us itself. Basically the federal reserve buys the treasuries, us institutions buy the treasuries, and social security trust fund is only legally allowed to buy treasuries. 90% of our debt is held by those 3 entities.
I think it's time to federally legalize marijuana and let every state reap in the tax money. Additionally a regulated marijuana market prevents the accidental overdose and accidental poisoning of other drugs that winds people up in the world's most expensive universal healthcare system called the ER. 
Cut Medicare and let it run through the private sector for younger adults to choose to enroll like an IRA. Expand Medicaid to supplement those after they go through the free market for treatment since they already do that to an extent.
I do personally think we could reduce our military presence globally and cut foreign aid. That would save big money. We do however badly need to update much of our technology and equipment, especially in the navy. Ide like to see the money go to that for a period of time, followed by a reduction.
I know many people might not agree with this but I say we get out of NATO if other countries don't start paying their 2%. I'm done being the world's police while we amass debt. Only Greece, the UK, and a few others met that requirement. The left gets mad that Trump wants these 29 other countries to pay their 2% like they were required to do. So if they don't want to pay fuck them, leave NATO and let them police their own borders. I'm sure they'll find the money to protect their nation when we pull out and Russia's knocking on their door. These 29 other countries are purposely not paying their fair share because they know America is there to pick up the slack, it's bullshit. Let them protect themselves. And it's countries like France, our allies only paying 0.5% or 1% So Trump's the bad guy for telling these countries to do what they're supposed to be doing.
The amount of money we send to foreign nations is sickening, but then again we do it to our advantage. We need to look at every country that gets money from us, see which ones don't have our interests at heart and cut them off. Ukraine filled with corruption could be one those countries but we all see what happens when god forbid Trump held aid to Ukraine. (He had until the end of September to release the aid, and Ukraine got their aid.) They're probably going to spend it on interfering with our next election. But let's impeach Trump for something, anything. 
I really like Rand Paul's solution on the penny tax. Give government entities 99 cents on the dollar year over year for 10 years and the deficit will be paid off. Seems simple enough to me.
The last budget Congress put through was a bill to spend even more. Trump didn't want it.
Trump shuts the government down. The media runs bad story after bad story blaming Trump for the government shutdown, he eventually concedes and signs the bill relenting because 75% of the Republicans wanted the new bill to be signed as well... There is SO much waste it was insane. I mean hell, part of the federal budget this last time was 25 billion to fund a new tunnel in New York City... 25 billion! They couldn't even find money to help out cities like Flint, MI - but Chuck Schumer basically demanded this in the budget. Congress has a huge spending problem that needs to stop. You can keep raising taxes on the middle class but if you don't cut the spending it won't bring our deficit down
We can force Bill Gates sell Microsoft to China! Problem solved
Ah, who am I kidding. Texas is about to flip permanently blue via California flight and illegal immigration by 2024, and Florida isn’t far behind. Once that happens, socialism will be implements faster than ever before, then it will be communism when socialism fails, then we will all be poor slaves.
@_date: 2019-12-26 02:25:47
I didn't mention Alex Jones, and never even heard of Greg Hunter. I did mention censored conservative views of others who are 100% factual in their information, just YouTube gets paid by elitists so they're deplatformed. They leave all the left wing fabricated media channels untouched though. Freedom of speech should be freedom of speech period. CNN shouldn't even be allowed to be on TV by your claims. It's not hard to see what YouTube's intentions are. Follow the money.
@_date: 2019-12-26 00:16:11
This is happening in Oregon, Texas, Minnesota, Seattle, North Carolina, Virginia and NJ....and they’re winning. The State Supreme Court has decided that the state constitution guarantees affordable housing, and liberal advocacy groups are suing all the towns in the state for forced low income (multi family) housing everywhere, and property developers are trying to buy up every parcel of land (including those previously deemed unbuild able) for the purpose of building high occupancy/multi-family housing. If the town rejects the building plans because of zoning...just sue the town for affordable housing reasons and win. End of the day....overburden the town resources (schools and tax base), remove its character, reduce property values, flip the town from republican to Democrat due to importing low-income residents from the cities. 
They want to import millions and millions of the third world, and then remove our ability to live in peace away from it too. And then disarm us on top of it. 
It's quite accurately the total destruction of our peace, safety, freedom, and way of life in America. Total ruin. 
It's absolutely unbelievable what the Democratic party has become. I hate it.
@_date: 2019-12-26 03:27:31
You do realize technology and medicine is also progressing exponentially. We're already finding ways to fix emissions without spending millions in taxpayers money that isn't going to do anything but crash the economy, exactly what the left wants. Raising taxes isn't always the answer. Thorium Nuclear technology will be way advanced by 2050. India already has a thorium nuclear reactor working. Again China is not our friend. Tariffs were meant to stop their imperialism. I'm sure you see what's going on in Hong Kong. So again if you don't want to be a hypocrite, shut your furnace of this winter or shut up. There's actual studies that contradicts climate change by highly respected scientist that don't need the government Grant money. There's actual studies that show ice is gaining in the North Pole. There's studies that polar bears are thriving in record numbers. The Earth's been here for billions of years, it's not going to end in 2050 because RICH PEOPLE WOULD DIE TOO. If it was truly at a point of no return you will see nuclear reactors built on every major city. Open your eyes. The Paris agreement was nothing more then another politic corruption pit to funnel money.
@_date: 2019-12-26 02:49:35
Snopes you mean the website that says right on it, " we don't use real journalist with degrees and are responses are personal viewpoints"? You admitting Snopes as your news source is embarrassing and what's wrong with most liberals. Uninformed. The deficit is 1 year of the USA's total GDP. It could essentially be paid off in a few years if Congress would cut spending. Increasing price of goods, I'm guessing by this you mean the tariffs on China? You see what's going on in China right now correct? The tariffs slow down Chinas imperialism growth which is a good thing. China is not our friend.
@_date: 2019-12-07 02:45:14
I first heard of Bitcoin in 2006(I know I'm a idiot) If it currently own 0 Bitcoin would now be a good time to buy in? I've been wanting to invest a little bit never know when that time should be.