@_author: twewy
@_date: 2017-12-10 08:36:12


But the knowledge that finances is important may not be, or having the opportunity to gain the life framework to recognize it might not be!
Like I said earlier, it's a fair outlook and I really do respect it, but I really do think at the exact same time that people like us aren't really going to understand how difficult it is to climb the ladder when there are a thousand fake and shitty ladders and all the rungs look the same. I've never been in poverty and I've been well-educated my entirely life. I've been sucking that silver spoon haaaaard.
It's why I'm not making any claims on what I think the real difficulty actually is, only trying to maybe convince you to ease on the certainty aspect a bit.  You think it's mostly choice. I think it mostly isn't. Who knows what the truth really is.
Basically, it can feel really unfair and shitty to the people who think they're supposed to be able to easily pick themselves up and out of ignorance and poverty when in reality they had no real chance to know what they were supposed to do, only what actually works in the short-term without a reliance on the long-term.
@_date: 2017-12-10 07:43:54
I think it's a fair outlook on life if the assumption is also that people are born into good families with decent access to information and opportunities.
Unfortunately, I think that a large part of reddit (myself included) think  "which" family you're born into is important as well (education, wealth, race, etc) making your words of advice sound hollow. I got relatively lucky so I'm fine, but being black in a family without a father figure and no one educated in basic finances sounds like it'd be some new game plus mode shit.
@_date: 2017-12-10 22:14:15
Yeah, and it's really important that we keep it real without forgetting how easily it could've been one of us stuck in those situations if we had gotten the short(er) stick in the lottery of life. 
I'm not a fan of religion, but humility and regard for the unfortunate are definitely some of the better, if less practiced, parts.
Cheers!