@_author: twim3
@_date: 2018-02-18 03:10:54
Because it's the job of a lot of smart people at those institutions to do exactly that, worry and analyze new technologies that could threaten them. Whether or not bitcoin succeeds, you can be sure that they are not ignoring a new global, programmable, secure, potentially nearly feeless and instant currency/asset with thousands of smart developers across the world devoting their lives to it
@_date: 2018-02-18 04:31:47
Okay ya, totally respect that stance! 
Right now there for sure are still technological problems that prevent it from working as a currency, and I'm really excited to see what happens once those are fixed, because that's when we get to actually see whether the downsides of crypto (instability, traction, easier to lose funds) or the upsides (non-inflationary, open, permissionless, and programmable) matter more. To me the kinds of things you can do on top of an open and permissionless financial system, especially more advanced (if they work) systems like IOTA make me believe it has a place in the future as a currency in some form. 
@_date: 2018-02-18 03:57:31
Hey ya so I was only saying compare that to other money supplies because that is the kind of market cap I think you need to get a stable currency.
Personally I think tech advances like lightening network will be the driver of transactioinal volume (if it works, lots of problems to work through, but lots of good devs to do so). The recent btc run up to 20k had nothing to do with technological advancement in btc, so the mcap growth there didn't make sense to drive adoption.
I believe good tech drives adoption, and I think it's too soon to call it in either direction. Do you think these advancements wont drive the adoption, or just don't work?
@_date: 2018-02-18 04:03:26
Ha I mean that's a totally valid question, the answer is possibly never. 
But the tech and applications are getting stronger every day, and I personally will never bet against thousands of engineers who have set their mind to something.
Hopefully tech advances like lightening network will drive the necessary adoption to see the kind of volume we need to determine how it can function as a currency (and the next round of problems to solve)
@_date: 2018-02-18 02:57:55
It's Mcap is still only 150 Bn, compare that to other money supplies, it's also only "adopted" as a speculative asset atm, not a currency, can't really evaluate untill it is being used in volume for transactions 