@_author: twistedsunshine
@_date: 2013-11-12 04:46:31
My only concern would be that if someone has your account they could figure out that all the addresses associated with that account belong to the same person. The site claims to be secure, so that's a minor risk if you're careful. Even then, it poses no risk whatsoever to your ownership of the coins, so it's totally safe in that respect.
@_date: 2013-11-12 04:38:38
It's safe to keep adding to the same paper wallet as long as it is kept offline, but to spend it you need to scan the private key on blockchain.info, which essentially turns it into an ordinary address. What you can do is to enter the address for a new paper wallet for the "Change Address"
(I think you can opt to scan the private key just for one spend transaction of a paper wallet on blockchain.info, so that it deletes the key after spending the coins; but I'd still use a new paper wallet just to be on the safe side. Using each address only once increases your anonymity too, if that's something you care for.)
@_date: 2013-11-12 03:42:17
Splitting coins between multiple addresses is unlikely to add to your security, after all if someone gains access to your blockchain.info wallet they'll have all your wallet with all your keys. What you can do is to create a paper wallet, which would be kept offline and safe. Keeping the bulk/excess of your coins in a paper wallet is generally a good idea.
You can specify the source and destination addresses yourself, choose "Custom" for transaction type instead of "Quick Send". Just enter one of your own addresses, and you can move coins within your wallet. Not that you would ever need to imo.
If the location/machine/connection you log in from is secure, how many times you log in is irrelevant to security.
The public addresses are meant to be public. No one can do anything with the coins in an address with the knowledge of only the address. What lets you spend those coins is your private keys, stored in your encrypted wallet in your account. Just searching for something that's already public knowledge has no risk, as there isn't any secret to intercept there. Just make sure to keep your logins safe.