@_author: twitchedawake
@_date: 2017-02-08 22:37:08
So what Im hearing is that *no one* was killed by antifa... You just wanted to be dramatic. What they were doing was just talking...  Using their free speech,  as you say.  When the anarchists do it,  theyre bad, but you encourage nazis and the altright to march the streets and preach genocide...
And im betting you dont see the hypocrisy. 


A liberal is a capitalists who believes in the free market and maintaining the status quo, often taking "the middle of the road is best",  uses the horseshoe theory,  even though its been discredited for decades,  and believes in "free speech",  even to the point of enabling fascism. Youre being intentionally vague to try to strengthen your point.  Thats like when dumbass ayncaps try to say "capitalism is trade". 
Also, "Not killing your political opponents"? The fuck you think the French Revolution was? What do you think the American Revolution did? What do you fucking think Seal Team Six *does*?


Yes,  because you idiots enable fascism and flock to it if something,  like human beings wanting a bit of dignity or not to be threatened with genocide,  threatens the status quo. It goes with being in the center right.  Youre centrist when everything is all well and good. You allow fascism,  or turn to fascism during hard times.


That isnt the issue.  You know this so I dont see why youre being deliberately dishonest. If you want an actual debate or conversation,  be upfront. If youre going to be deliberately obtuse,  Im not going to indulge you. And really,  "killing"?  If you wanna disparage anti-fascists and leftists for using violence to oppose fascism,  white supremacy and nazis,  fine,  but dont fucking lie. 


Hating bigotry and fascism isnt intolerance. You're being dishonest again. 


Theyre insulted when you try to say theyre paid by soros,  that theyre all agent provocatuers ,  or that using violence against violent and racist people to stop them makes you as bad. 


The allies fought a war to stop fascism by any means necessary. I dont see an issue with this. 
   
@_date: 2017-02-08 07:57:01


Oh look at that,  youre an anti-fascists now. 
@_date: 2017-02-08 07:54:18
Name one uninvolved civilian or innocent an anti-fascists has killed.  