@_author: twitchypanda
@_date: 2017-07-09 19:40:18
Perhaps, but I think it may depend on market demands. If there's a big demand for food and low demand/profitability for real estate or other developments, then people might turn it into farmland.
Thinking about it, I don't really want all land to be developed into anything, even farmland, because we need more wilderness. I guess we would have to figure out a more efficient way of utilizing real estate. 
@_date: 2017-07-09 13:46:27
The more valuable the land, the more taxes the owner must pay. So the owner is incentivized to develop the land and make it productive, so then they produce income and stimulate the economy. That way they can pay the tax. 
@_date: 2016-07-09 22:43:30
If Bitcoin never ended, but continued to halve like this (thus inflation would rise and then fall every once in a while), would it still be considered a deflationary currency?
I'm no economist (just a wantrepreneur) but I feel like it would be most beneficial or fair for everyone to have money continually inflate/deflate every once in a while. Some kind of check to make sure inflation doesn't get out of control and make our money worthless. Deflation would make money more valuable and thus increase the spending power of money (because of the sticky things that give us a frame of reference) but obviously bad for debtors. But then inflation would have the opposite effect. It would definitely drastically change the way the economy works, but I think the market could adapt if we had a consistent schedule. I could imagine banks lending mostly only at the end of deflationary periods so they can take advantage of the inflation. I guess then as inflation reduces and turns into deflation, it would cause people to make more cash purchases because of the higher spending power?
I'm a little confused about all of this, but it sounds like economists don't agree on everything either. I just wonder if there's a way to make sure that all generations of people will be able to get jobs that afford them to live and not make their money so worthless if they can't invest it. It seems like our economic system is unsustainable. 