@_author: two_bit_misfit
@_date: 2014-07-20 23:12:10


On that, we agree...that's all I've been saying all along, that there's no one-size-fits-all strategy for dealing with Bitcoin as an investment. Absolute advice, whether it be "trade" or "hold", isn't that helpful by itself. The reason I think that your advice is less palatable to the audience here is that by and large, "hold" is much safer advice to give as general advice than "trade", especially to those new to Bitcoin, trading, or both.


I'll argue that it'll continue to be quite fashionable advice for as long as Bitcoin continues to be in a volatile growth phase. "Hold" should be the "default setting". Anyone new to Bitcoin and/or trading should buy-and-hold unless and until they learn a good bit about the market they're considering entering as a "trader". Like the point you were getting at, holding Bitcoin at all is enough of a risky, speculative investment for most people. Trading it kicks that risk up an insane amount (and let's not even talk about margin trading). Any advice on day trading should ideally be accompanied by a long list of disclaimers, if you want to post it with the best intentions at least—and definitely not in the form you seem to be providing it in, ie. "it's super easy to make some extra money on top, just buy low and sell high in your spare time!" People who read your first bit of advice (many of whom may be beginners in some form or other) may have had their eyes glaze over before they even got to the words "stop loss". But I'm sure they got the gist of your message, which is that they'd be fools not to "put [their BTC] to work" by "taking advantage" of price swings—when the reality is completely the opposite.
It's interesting that you bring up the example with the Corvette. I'd argue the "buy-and-hold" advice applies to a wide variety of investments where the investor is interested enough in said investment to want to get some exposure to it, but doesn't have the knowledge/time/experience/etc. to "trade" it or interact with it in advanced ways. Many people can grasp the idea that the Corvette is a classic car, and if it's kept in decent shape then there's a fairly good chance that it will appreciate in value. The barrier to entry for owning a Corvette is significantly lower than that of *renting* a Corvette—and unless the Corvette owner is versed in operating a rental business, familiar with the laws, insurance regulations, and other necessities, has the time and effort to dedicate to it, and a whole bunch of other prerequisites...they would be ill-advised to even consider loaning the car out to anyone, as they would be taking on significant risks. I think the same applies to real estate, baseball cards, antiques, stocks, and so forth.
I can go into more detail on this but I think we're fundamentally in agreement...it's just that I (and probably others around here) would rather see some fine print delivered along with overly enthusiastic trading advice, along the lines of "results not typical; this is not professional advice; trading poses significant risks and is not for the faint of heart" etc.
@_date: 2014-11-01 22:35:19
Came here to post the same thought; I think it's much better to give less tips, but with more significant amounts. Not saying make it rain hundred-dollar bills everywhere, but $0.10 a tip or more would be reasonable....
@_date: 2014-07-20 04:02:35
I just read [this article from Ars]( which was pretty interesting.
@_date: 2014-07-12 16:24:16
Brought tears to my eyes...I always wished my washing machine would *just listen*.
@_date: 2014-09-08 15:37:27
Excellent points, counterpoints, and anecdotes; well said! 3 upvotes private
@_date: 2014-11-01 22:45:19
Bless your heart!
Just a thought: I think the 1,000-bit/~$0.33 tips are the "sweet spot" in terms of amount, as that is a significant enough amount to encourage many people to actually follow through an open a ChangeTip account; 100 bits looks cool but the amount (~$0.03) isn't that interesting for many people, and $3.33 would definitely do the trick but limits the number of tips you can give out too much. Just my two bits. :)
@_date: 2014-10-07 02:30:53
Yep...[a lot of big gulps]( actually! It was kicked off by a ~1,744 BTC buy, followed in a handful of seconds by a 1,250 BTC buy, and in just over two minutes there were six more single orders greater than 200 BTC each.
@_date: 2014-07-20 20:54:43
I'll make the argument that I made last time you brought this up, which I think (even though I agree with it) is easier to defend than the "day traders usually lose money" argument others have made here: *not everybody is able to, wants to, and/or needs to day trade*. Buy-and-hold (value investing, long-term trading) is a respectable strategy and very much appropriate for a good bunch of people, for many reasons. I think the reason your advice here is not very popular is because you seem to describe day trading as a sure thing—'duh, why not earn money?'—when it's really anything but. 
@_date: 2017-03-18 01:33:45
It's an interesting topic and I guess would depend on what sort of scientific foundation you're looking for. Likely you could always criticize any supporting thoughts or evidence as not scientific enough, or not pertaining specifically to Bitcoin. And you're right, there's likely no peer-reviewed, well-accepted research that proves beyond a doubt the relationship between TPS and value.
However I don't think we need to be that rigorous when analyzing this idea. In general, I think many would agree that:
* Bitcoin is a network
* Most networks gain value proportionately to the number of users (exponentially, as per Metcalfe's Law)
* Transactions are at least roughly correlated with users, where more users = more transactions^1
* Increasing Bitcoin's TPS allows for more transactions and therefore more users and more value, in the long run
1: This is imperfect of course, as you could have two users making a million transactions or a million users making one transaction a decade. But I think it is reasonable to view transactions as signaling of the number of users, especially now that transactions are expensive and it is harder to fake or spam transactions for an extended period of time. When viewed over a longer timeframe, both transactions and users are going up.
@_date: 2017-03-18 00:26:11
Thank you for talking some sense around these parts. It's like nobody has ever heard of "conflicts of interest" before! This is a textbook case. While I appreciate the hard work and technical knowledge of the Core developers, they are showing themselves to be politically and socially tone-deaf by tacitly allowing Blockstream to have this level of influence. Conflicts of interest are bad, as is the appearance of those conflicts. Blockstream should never have launched with more than one Core developer on the payroll; it was a recipe for disaster.
@_date: 2017-03-18 00:49:12
I'm here doing the thankless and hopeless job of trying to get extremists from both sides to realize they are being too extreme.


That's unnecessary partisan extremism. We're in this situation because of this. Please stop. Clearly there is more than one person that wants someone else. You may feel they are misguided and wrong; that's fine. But stop pretending that literally the entire community is for something with only one or two people against it. That's not the case at all.
@_date: 2017-03-27 22:22:34
I agree that his bias (and loss of face) is clear, but bias aside I do think his main argument stands reasonably well on its own. Thanks for the feedback!
@_date: 2017-03-09 18:34:26
Thank you for this, it is illuminating and helpful.
I do, however, want to point out a (perhaps) implicit or subconscious bias present in this post, and that is that while both big-block and small-block arguments seem to be presented, there are many more small-block arguments quoted at length while big-block arguments tend to be sidelined with a single sentence and a link.
Don't get me wrong, this is a great post and does an admirable job of zooming in on a particular moment in Bitcoin development history. Unlike most people around these parts I don't think that any sign of bias immediately leads to the conclusion that someone is a shill or troll; I think your post was a genuine attempt at highlighting this history. I just wanted to point out one effect of formatting it like this, and that is that one side may appear to casual readers to be more persuasive if it is quoted at greater lengths than the other.
@_date: 2017-03-25 21:16:27
No need to get creative and use your imagination about what "Satoshi never knew" when you can just go to the source:


Source: 
Not that Satoshi is infallible, but people have been looking for "flaws in the white paper" for the better part of a decade now; if you think you've found one, you should probably double and triple check that it's not a trivial misunderstanding on your part first.
@_date: 2017-03-17 23:33:00
Thank you for a rational post with actual numbers from someone with skin in the game. People should keep this in mind next time Luke Jr. spouts off about his ideal of 300KB blocks that he can process on his Raspberry Pi on a 56k connection.
@_date: 2017-03-18 01:06:05
Well done!
So my counterargument by example comes with a few caveats. These caveats slightly modify my counterargument to prevent it from being absolute by acknowledging some limitations. They do not, however, show that I "know you're right". They show that I'm being reasonable in disproving your argument.
@_date: 2017-03-17 23:18:14


You likely already know this, but to clarify for other readers: when we say "block size" we almost always mean "block size limit", i.e. a maximum. If technical constraints impede the ability to store and transmit blocks, block size *will* go flat as miners will refuse to generate larger blocks (even if they are still below the limit) based on their individual technical limitations, fear of orphan risk, etc.
We had a 1MB block size limit for years, while having a smaller soft cap (first 500KB, then 750KB, IIRC) enforced by the miners. Contrary to the mantra heard often around here, miners actually *are* able to encourage and enforce both a fee market and maximum effective block size without a code-enforced maximum.
@_date: 2017-03-25 23:36:20
Thank you for being a rare, measured voice of reason around these parts.
@_date: 2017-03-17 23:09:30
Thank you for a bit of rational discussion, which is rare in this sub nowadays.
is technically incorrect, at least depending on how exactly you personally define "hard fork"; there has been at least one hard fork in Bitcoin, in 2013, related to the 0.7.2 and 0.8.0 versions of Bitcoin and a bug relating to the database (BerkeleyDB). I'm going off memory here, but that should be roughly correct.
He's also (IMO) incorrect about leadership. Leaders emerge even in leaderless, decentralized systems. It's just a matter of to what degree they have power over the system. Even when everyone is equal (which in Bitcoin they are certainly not), some are more equal than others. It's human nature.
Unfortunately, with few exceptions (Erik Voorhees and Eric Lombrozo come to mind) our current crop of leaders seems to be more interested in slandering the 'other side' which is clearly 'wrong' and 'evil' than coming to a reasonable compromise. And if you, the reader, think the 'other side' is to blame here, you're part of the problem.
@_date: 2017-03-23 22:48:03
They're posting from new accounts because their other accounts got banned from this sub, many for having controversial opinions.
Please don't assume everyone with a dissenting opinion or new account is a shill; you do yourself and the community a great disservice.
@_date: 2017-03-25 23:53:18


  


Source: 
@_date: 2017-03-26 00:25:15
I'm a redditor for longer than one month. You can check my Bitcoin-rich posting history. I'll play.
First, kudos on a well-thought-out post; I appreciate justified opinions even if I disagree with them. A few comments:


It will, with the caveat that it will have to trust the network as it will receive what it perceives as "anyone can spend" transactions. Might not be a big deal as long as SegWit activation is broad and decisive, but worth pointing out.


It did have broad support from what I can tell, but it's also worth noting that the scaling conference at which it was presented was found to be excluding at least some voices worth hearing (Peter Rizun's presentation on the fee market is one I recall).


Some influential voices have [written at length]( on how and why hard forks may actually be preferable, precisely because of the necessity of making a conscious decision. Personally, I'm still on the fence, but it is a perspective worth noting.


Miners are not your employees. Miners are an equal stakeholder in the network alongside developers, users, wallets, exchanges, etc. They do not and cannot unilaterally control the network, but conversely, they certainly should not and do not report to you.
Other than that I applaud you for justifying your perspective and actually agree with some of your points.
@_date: 2017-03-27 01:33:31
I totally agree. Please don't be discouraged and keep fighting the good fight! Honestly the handful of posters that stay reasonable (and I'm not talking about pro-BU either, just those that see both sides and see how absurd the current situation is) are practically the only reason I still check in to anymore.
@_date: 2017-03-18 00:40:43
Do you know what a caveat is, and how it relates to one's main argument? Work on your reading comprehension.
@_date: 2017-03-18 00:03:33
I can agree with you to an extent on that assessment (speaking as an outsider; I don't know Roger personally)...but if you're being fair, then you need to admit that Roger's newfound extremism is in large part the result of "the incumbents" (Core, this subreddit, etc.) and their socially/economically/politically tone-deaf unwillingness to even acknowledge the controversy, let alone compromise on anything.
@_date: 2017-03-25 23:51:30
One person's 'conspiracy to attack Bitcoin' is another person's 'attempt to ensure a smooth hard fork that maintains one canonical blockchain'.
@_date: 2017-03-20 02:49:56
This post by was a diamond in the rough compared to all the vitriol and horribly biased nonsense that is all too prevalent on both Bitcoin subreddits these days, and I thought it deserved a wider audience. Though naturally it is missing some details and nuances, it's a great summary for anyone that's out of the loop or has been stuck in one echo chamber or another for way too long.
@_date: 2017-03-18 00:33:10
Don't be an asshole, it distracts from the otherwise half-decent counter-argument. Also, all that **bold** text is really *edgy*.
@_date: 2017-03-17 23:45:44
Bravo. Not only are you demonstrating that you're unable to have a civil discussion...


...but you'll also shortly be demonstrating that you're an expert on which Scotsmen are [true Scotsmen](
You'll have to forgive people if they leave here unconvinced.
@_date: 2017-03-27 01:31:49
Miners *are* nodes, just with more hashing power. Any node can be a miner (it just isn't practical for many anymore), and every miner is a node.
The quote I mentioned was one of at least two where Satoshi himself foresaw the evolution of both nodes and mining in general beyond the home CPU stage. What do you think "specialists with server farms of specialized hardware" refers to? Sounds an awful lot like the evolution of mining into FPGAs and ASICs.
@_date: 2017-03-18 00:08:57
I would love to see a meeting of all the big players, chaired by the few people in this space that have managed to preserve their (relative) celebrity without falling prey to the partisanship. Sadly, I think we're too far along now for that to happen or have any meaningful effect.
I think you're right that Roger is fanning the flames. However, put yourself in his shoes: imagine you made your fame and fortune off of Bitcoin and felt very strongly about its future direction, exhausted all avenues of collaboration and compromise, and had the means to really make your voice heard (advertisements, Bitcoin.com, etc.). Would you sit back and do nothing?
@_date: 2017-03-18 00:14:42
Do more telephones and phone calls increase the value of a telephone network? Ditto for internet-enabled devices and many other examples.
Yes there are caveats^1, which you'll no doubt bring up, but the generality holds true. More users, more transactions, more value.
1: More transactions don't necessarily equal more users, velocity of money has an effect, etc. etc.
@_date: 2017-03-26 00:03:18
Evil miners! Conspiracies! Attacks!
...Won't someone please think of the children?
Careful clutching those pearls too hard...you might cut off oxygen to your brain.
@_date: 2017-03-18 01:22:01
I, for one, agree with those assertions and your outlook in general.
@_date: 2017-08-02 03:20:20
OK, so neither of us know anything about Luke's methodology or whether it's at all legitimate. I can't prove it's not, and you can't prove it is. Occam's Razor would suggest that since his count significantly deviates from everyone else's...well...it's probably not because he's the only genius that figured out a novel method.


This is getting exhausting. [citation needed] Your fantasy doesn't count as a citation. Miners signaled SegWit as part of SegWit2X, which resulted from the NYA, which had nothing to do with UASF, and everything to do with a compromise involving a 2X HF. This is supported by every shred of evidence we have on the entire proceeding, start to finish. I have seen no evidence otherwise. Please spare me the product of your rich imagination.
@_date: 2017-03-26 00:06:05
You mean his blog post where he describes theoretical mechanisms to ensure a smooth hard fork that maintains one canonical blockchain? Seems a bit far from 'destroying Bitcoin'.
@_date: 2017-03-17 23:40:28
Thank you for a well-written post that acknowledges both sides! Unfortunately I fear the people that need to read this most will skip over the wall of text as soon as they realize it is not mindlessly fellating "their side".
@_date: 2017-08-02 02:44:11
You sound like a reasonable person...so...you're wasting your time here. Especially with this guy. I appreciate the effort, though. Keep fighting the good fight.
@_date: 2017-08-02 02:34:15
It's hilarious how pervasive this idea is, that a bunch of simpletons wearing hats and wielding Twitter accounts, running inconsequential (non-mining, economically unimportant) nodes actually have any influence on the Bitcoin network whatsoever. The NYA got you SegWit, and you should be thankful. Otherwise, sooner or later you will push your luck and be in for a rude awakening....
@_date: 2017-08-02 02:51:08
Boy, you're *really* wasting your time with this guy. Kudos on the effort, though.
@_date: 2017-08-02 02:53:40
Stop being a condescending troll, apologize, and answer his questions / have an adult discussion instead of ignorantly antagonizing him.
You're just spouting complete nonsense at this point, for example conflating a legitimate fork with an altcoin. (Hint: "legitimate" in this case doesn't mean "blessed by you or Greg," there is no premine, only according to theymos is every fork an "altcoin," and support for Bitcoin Cash, while in the minority, extends beyond China.)
@_date: 2017-08-02 02:42:57


I love how clear your crystal ball is. What polish do you use?
The only way you would know that for sure is if you personally controlled 51%+ of hashrate and ran the majority of economically important nodes. Otherwise, you're a random person on the internet spouting guesses and opinions as facts and truths.
@_date: 2017-08-02 02:49:54
Only Luke's service, for some unknown reason, counts many many more nodes on the network than any other service that I know of. At last count, I thought there were something like 6,500 (give or take) nodes. Either Luke has some amazing revolutionary method for enumerating the "true" number of nodes...or he's full of it. I've yet to see a scrap of evidence for the former. His numbers always irked me.
@_date: 2017-08-02 02:28:49
Agree or disagree with his politics, the guy has done more for Bitcoin in a year than you ever have (or ever could). Don't stoop to name-calling, have some respect for him and for yourself.
Bonus points for "oh no, China!!!!" sentiment.
@_date: 2017-08-02 03:10:40
I'm happy to answer your questions as long as you don't keep moving the goal posts. Answer: of course not. How is that relevant, though? Anybody can run any node with any consensus rules with any blockchain.
To bring things back on-topic, you said "Nodes define and police consensus in bitcoin." That has nothing to do with stopping others from running things. We're talking about what defines consensus, and I'm positing that raw node count doesn't matter. Important nodes matter, as I listed above. Whatever nodes you spin up on AWS at best marginally help the network (if they are compatible with current consensus), or otherwise are completely irrelevant. It's about what the miners, exchanges, etc. etc. are running. Not you or me (unless you have some economically important enterprise I'm not aware of).
@_date: 2017-08-02 03:22:36
Troll less, and read more. It's all out in the open for you to see how it happened. Read Garzik's and Hillard's comments. Stop using your rich imagination.
I mean, seriously, I give you primary sources and you have no evidence in response. Instead you're convinced it's all about unicorns and leprechauns. *Put up some evidence.*
@_date: 2017-08-02 03:05:58
You're either accidentally or purposefully rewriting history. I won't assume malice quite yet, so in case you're just uninformed:
* There is 0 evidence to my knowledge that the NYA was a response to the UASF movement. The NYA was clearly a result of the years-long deadlock, and Barry Silbert managed to get enough influential industry participants together to come to a reasonable compromise. There is no indication UASF played any part in this. I don't think the NYA even mentioned it. If you disagree, please cite sources.
* The "rushed dates" was an olive branch and Pareto improvement to the SegWit2X timeline. Rather than rely on my opinion, feel free to read the actual pull request discussion: [Main summary comment by J. Garzik]( and read the whole thread if you're interested. Don't mistake kindness for weakness. It was thanks to the reasonableness of J. Garzik and J. Hillard mostly that SegWit2X was made compatible with UASF so as to not fork the poor buggers off the network. SegWit2X absolutely did not need to "beat [them] to the punch."
Hopefully that was informative. If not to you, than to some readers that come along here.
@_date: 2017-08-07 23:00:36
I love it when people say "end of story" like there cannot possibly be alternative interpretations or further discussion.
I am aware of the narrative, and also aware that you very strongly support it and that I am unlikely to change your mind, no matter how persuasive my logic, reasoning, or evidence might be. So I won't waste too much time on it.
The narrative you proposed is plausible, however you have no evidence for it. It's a loose, semi-logical "this happened around the time that this happened and therefore...." correlation-instead-of-causation sort of thing, and only really appeals to those with similar "us vs. them" sympathies. In essence, you are riling up your base and that is about it.
You can refer to two original sources for a much simpler, more plausible explanation with less "chess games" involved. First: the [text of the NY Agreement itself]( which does not mention the UASF at all but provides a much simpler and more believable rationale (group of industry representatives coming together to overcome years of deadlock and stalemate and create a sensible compromise). Second: [the public GitHub pull request discussion for BIP91 in SegWit2X]( (link to summary by J. Garzik, but check out the rest of the discussion as well) where it becomes clear that BIP91 was implemented as a courtesy to the UASF folks in the interest of minimizing disruption, provided it didn't interfere with the overall goal of SegWit2X. Note that it was done out of kindness, not weakness (or fear, or undue influence, or anything else).
To argue otherwise against two original sources (as opposed to secondary sources, unrelated sources, hearsay, etc.) you would need much more compelling evidence to overcome common sense, Occam's Razor, etc. But if we're not being logical and reasonable here, then we can both save each other some time and just say "the Lizard People did it."
@_date: 2017-08-07 23:08:12


Also, I find this sort of stuff very interesting. I'm aware of both btc1 and segsignal clients, and I'm also aware that miners have been rumored to do this in the past (running a modified Core client to signal for Bitcoin Unlimited, for example). I don't doubt that *some* miners *at some point(s)* did this sort of thing. But do we have any evidence as to when and to what extent this happens? You say "miners" as if they were all doing it. Do we know the btc1/segsignal ratio? Which miners ran what?
The only actual evidence I know of to support this phenomenon was presented when a bug crashed BU nodes, and yet mining nodes seemed to stay up (the implication being that since miners were unaffected by the BU client bug, they must have been running other software mimicking BU signaling). It's not conclusive, but fairly persuasive if you ask me. Do we have a similar smoking gun in this case?
@_date: 2017-08-02 03:28:11
Agreed, I don't know about coin.dance. I'm talking pure logic. If five people count apple trees and four of them count roughly the same amount, but the fifth one counts thousands more...why believe the fifth one? Luke should put up his methodology, or be (rightfully) considered an unreliable outlier.
Do I need to explain again how and why not all nodes are created equal? I've answered your question, now answer mine, please: are all nodes equal? Why or why not? If not, what would make a node more or less significant in terms of consensus and defining "what is Bitcoin"?
@_date: 2017-08-07 19:18:08


[citation needed]
I have seen no evidence so far of this assertion. All evidence so far seems to point to BIP91 being activated as a result of the NYA (BIP91 was adopted by SegWit2X as a courtesy to avoid disruption, as long as it did not interfere with the stated goals of the NYA). The NYA, in turn, was brought forth as a solution to the scaling stalemate, and the NYA signatories did not list UASF as their motivation.
Further, forks of Bitcoin (no matter how popular or unpopular) are not altcoins by any reasonable definition of "altcoin"...they are literally, tautologically, and by definition, forks.
@_date: 2017-08-02 02:47:20
Oooh, I'll play.


You'd believe that if you listened to Luke's ramblings for too long. This is only true with caveats, that is, certain nodes are important in defining and policing consensus. Mining nodes, for example, or economically important nodes (exchanges, brokers, wallets, major services).
If the general statement was true, I could spin up double the total number of nodes that exist today, and start messing with consensus. Of course, all that would happen in reality is that I'd screw around and fork my thousands of nodes off of the network (which would have happened to the geniuses behind UASF had not SegWit2X been kind enough to conform to their signaling strategy).
@_date: 2017-08-02 02:37:36
Thank you, sincerely, for being one of the few respectful voices of reason in this echo chamber (based on this post, at least).
@_date: 2017-08-02 03:16:06
To be charitable, you are partially correct if I read your comment in such a way as to imply that "Bitcoin's strength is that it's really hard to change consensus without a majority/supermajority." I have no argument against that, and it's a major reason why I believe in Bitcoin and how it works.
However, most of those thousands of anonymous people *don't matter*. Even if they wear funny hats and post on Twitter a lot. If the majority of the exchanges, miners, wallets, brokers, payment processors, etc. etc. run an updated version of Bitcoin (soft fork, hard fork, whatever changes), *that is now Bitcoin*. If you're left running something incompatible, even if the other funny-hat people run the same incompatible software, you're on another network now, and that network is not Bitcoin.
Nothing is immune to this dynamic. Even the 21M coin cap can theoretically be raised that way. What prevents that from happening in reality is not the sheer number of nodes, but that there's no way in hell that you can convince all the *influential* players to switch to something like this.
@_date: 2017-08-02 02:40:05
Troll harder; your creativity is lacking these days. Understandable, though, it must be exhausting pushing through all that cognitive dissonance to post drivel.
@_date: 2017-04-04 18:24:44
You're a sharp guy; perhaps consider this some more when you have a moment or two to engage in quiet contemplation.
I can't speak for Poon in this case, obviously, but you should ask yourself: why are big names in the space increasingly routing around the 'official' ordained process that you and some other Core developers support? Is it really all a massive conspiracy by Gavin and Roger and Jihan and now Poon? Or is it at all possible that it is at least partly a direct result of uncompromising and hostile attitudes by you and certain other 'thought leaders' aligned with Core?
One person's 'manipulation of public opinion' is another person's 'routing around hostility and deadlock'. I am actually happy Gavin aired his grievances at the time as he did; it let the wider community know exactly what was going on and as such the later alternate implementations, stalemate, etc. came as less of a surprise to the wider public.
Look, in the view of many in this community, you and the other Core developers have shown yourselves to be highly competent from a technical perspective. Yet you have also shown yourselves, time and again, to be woefully blind from a political, psychological, economical, and/or game theoretical perspectives. Every time these weaknesses have been highlighted for you, you have tended to double down on your uncompromising stances and as a result have further alienated large segments of the community. Because, clearly, *you* know what is best for Bitcoin, and anyone who dares think differently *must* be fundamentally misguided. [I use 'you' in this paragraph to refer both to you specifically and also to a handful of other influential Core developers.]
Perhaps it is getting a bit stuffy up in that ivory tower, and it is time to crack open a window to the outside world and let in some fresh air?
@_date: 2017-04-02 00:00:38


@_date: 2017-04-04 22:31:21
Nice rebuttal!
At least were he to deign me worthy of a reply, would throw a couple of full, coherent (if snarky) sentences my way.
@_date: 2017-04-01 22:37:14
I don't necessarily expect to convince you, but for anyone with an open mind reading this, consider this:
**It is entirely possible for someone to have sold or discontinued use of a product (whether temporarily or permanently) while still deeply caring about the direction of said product or the community surrounding it.**
In fact, it makes even more sense if their reason for selling or discontinuing use is *because* of their disagreement with the current direction of the product or community. Imagine someone who has loyally worn Nike running shoes for many years who, disappointed with the recent changes Nike made to their shoes, has switched to wearing Adidas. In such a case it should come as no surprise that a) they are disappointed enough to switch to a competitor or otherwise stop supporting Nike and b) they are vocal about the actions of Nike that they disagree with.
I have no such defense for J. Stolfi, as my personal opinion is that his input has done more harm than good to our community, and I wish he would just stick to his day job and stop obsessing about Bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-04-01 23:51:39


Yes, because anyone that dares to disagree with your ideas *must* be the victim of some conspiracy, right?
Also, you know what dastardly big-blocker first came up with "the pivot to a datacenter IOU mindset"? Some guy named Satoshi. But he's not really important, he only made some trivial improvements to your hashcash idea, right?
And finally...speaking of real-politic: when is Blockstream going to turn a profit? And via what revenue streams? I'm sure those investors are starting to get antsy. Hope you have an answer for them.
@_date: 2015-04-08 05:37:40
Very generous of you!
@_date: 2018-04-02 20:52:24
*Test comment, please ignore.*
@_date: 2017-05-24 01:18:09
Yikes. Thank you for pointing this out!
My apologies to everyone reading, please ignore my comment above...I must have mixed up my tabs (I had multiple mailing list tabs open at the time). This was my mistake.
thank you for putting out something more concrete. It comes across lukewarm at best, but to be fair I don't think we can ask for more from you since your opposition to hard-forking / increasing the block size is well-known. The gesture is still appreciated (by me, at least).
@_date: 2017-05-23 21:46:59
I can certainly understand if you don't agree with my OP in this thread, but the view of 'early Bitcoin developers were pretty awesome' and '[Bitcoin] reddit and twitter is filled with mouth-breathing noisemakers' is, I think, fairly uncontroversial.
@_date: 2017-05-23 20:40:17


Thank you. Whether by you or anybody else, an actual 2MB maxblocksize HF in code is years overdue...and this time, without the "2MB but really 300KB" trolling, please.
@_date: 2017-05-23 22:42:08
And again, to be clear about the latter point, take for example the hypothetical case where most/all nodes upgrade to a SegWit-enabled client version, but not a single SegWit address or transaction is made/used. Not realistic, but hypothetical, to prove my point. It is my understanding that since all addresses/transactions will be legacy formats, the max will still be 1MB since no transactions can take advantage of the new max weight / witness discount / etc.
If I misunderstand this, please let me know and I'll stand corrected.
@_date: 2017-05-23 20:59:00
That's because you're not "Core", remember? Core is an amorphous group of hundreds with no particular person representing or controlling it, or so I'm told....
@_date: 2017-05-24 19:08:25
I appreciate your perspective, but I don't think you've given my position enough thought, nor really refuted anything that I said. Especially the distinction that I drew between different meanings of political/apolitical. Bitcoin isn't sentient; like Soylent Green, it's made of humans. Fleshy, stupid, imperfect humans. It's very resistant to "politicking" and impulsive change (by design), on that we agree. But it's nowhere close to the ideal you describe, and never will be.
To illustrate, a fun thought experiment. Suppose 99% of everyone involved in Bitcoin, for some reason, wanted to increase the 21M coin cap. Of course, this would never happen, but let's pretend. What would Bitcoin do to stop that? Bitcoin wouldn't "do" anything. It's powered by the humans involved in it. So, of course, the cap would be raised. What's stopping this from happening is the built-in incentives and value proposition, but not in a vacuum. It's the humans recognizing that value proposition, and playing along with the economical / game theoretical incentives. If for some reason that changed, Bitcoin will change (assuming overwhelming momentum).
Also, it might help everyone if you toned down your **periods** and cranked up your presentation of logic and reasoning to support your arguments. Repeating over and over that "no, really, **I** know what Bitcoin **IS**, full stop" isn't very convincing.
@_date: 2017-05-23 20:54:50
I thought the HK agreement never really meant much, since those ["well-meaning dipshits"]( didn't have the necessary authority to effect it in the first place?
@_date: 2017-05-24 23:27:43
Great points, and I agree! Interesting thought about the SF approach as well...though in theory I personally tend to prefer HFs, I can't disagree that a SF is a sensible and pragmatic approach given all of the thorny surrounding issues.
@_date: 2017-05-24 16:50:46


Well, that has a pretty clear answer: you're muddling your terms, and taking a naive view. I'd agree with you that Bitcoin was designed to be apolitical money, and that that's a lofty and noble goal. But apolitical, in this context, would mean freedom from "capital P" Politics: nation state governments, central banks, intra- and international regulatory bodies, and the like. It is not, and could not be, free from "lowercase p" politics: the interpersonal kind. That's simply human nature. While it's not that hard to get a group of identical machines to come to perfect consensus, it's virtually impossible to get a group of human beings to do so. Once you get more than one human involved in anything worth doing, it inherently and inevitably becomes political. This has always been so.
That said, Bitcoin's design is fairly resistant to "lowercase p" politics as well, as we have seen. But not in the way or to the extent that it is resistant to "uppercase P" Politics. The former resistance amounts to a "failure mode" of sorts, where Bitcoin simply resists any change that tries to result from squabbling, selfishness, and the rest of that colorful rainbow that is human emotion, nature, and imperfection. Thus we have the situation that we've had for the past few years, where Bitcoin continues to chug along in its old and unimproved state, waiting patiently for the possibility of the humans behind it to overcome their imperfections to a sufficient extent that some improvement can be widely enough agreed upon. And that agreement, being a human agreement, requires political maneuvering and compromise.
@_date: 2017-05-23 22:35:19
Nice zinger! I know you know your stuff, so please set me straight if you can. I'll do my best to admit where I'm wrong, especially if you present convincing evidence and/or viewpoints I haven't yet encountered or considered. I'm not trolling you, believe it or not. I just think a respected (by some/most) Core developer can do better than pithy one-liners.
So what am I wrong about? The part where HFs aren't sentient and don't require an unrealistic 100% support rate, and the reality is that "the more support, the better" but no one knows exactly how much is "enough"? Or the part where SegWit's effective capacity increase directly depends on *actual usage* of new SegWit addresses (e.g. P2SH-P2WPKH) and transaction formats, and not on how many people upgrade to SegWith enabled clients?
Come on, man.
@_date: 2017-05-23 21:27:04
You're correct about Bitcoin being decentralized, obviously, but you should also remember Bitcoin is not (and likely never will be) a democracy or anything resembling it.
Also, why are those goalposts moving so darn quickly? For the longest time, "economic majority" was the phrase everyone was crowing. Now that one (at least looks like) is coming together, all of a sudden some people are very quick to throw them under the bus. Hmm....
@_date: 2017-05-23 21:08:20


SegWit is certainly an (eventual) effective ~2MB increase in capacity. A HF to 2MB may 'add nothing of value' *to you personally*, but adds a lot of value to many others. Not only via an instant (after activation, of course) increase in on-chain capacity that will further help alleviate fee pressure and transaction backlogs, but also as an olive branch to a significant part of the community that has been ostracized.
@_date: 2017-05-24 03:49:34
Not really. How is the "SegWit now, 2MB HF much-later-maybe-probably-never" in this compromise any different from the "SegWit now, 2MB HF much-later-maybe-probably-never" in the original Scaling Roadmap? They're both equally gung-ho on SegWit and tepid on the HF.
Also, thanks for the quality response; very insightful. I'll be sure to check with you in the future, as you seem to be the authority on what is and isn't possible for Bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-05-23 21:19:08
Here we go again. Please correct me if I'm wrong, but you're almost certainly being disingenuous here, given your technical knowledge of Bitcoin.


by in the Bitcon.org website [1] and backed up by scientific research, “a
block filled with standard single-signature P2PKH transactions would be
about 1.6MB and a block filled with 2-of-2 multisignature transactions
would be about 2.0MB.”. As standard blocks are a combination between P2PKH,
and 2-of-3 multisignatures, the actual average segwit block size will be
close to 2.0MB.


size for a block filed with average transactions is 4.0Mb.**


From [the mailing list]( There are no doubt many other credible discussions on this, but this example was the closest at hand.
Of course, there is a separate debate on whether SW + 2MB HF will result in a max of 4MB or 8MB in practice, etc. but my focus was on refuting the clear nonsense that "2 MB -&gt; 2 MB = no increase."
@_date: 2017-05-23 21:39:15
I read Matt's feedback when he posted it to the mailing list and just re-read it, but I'm not sure what you're trying to say by replying to me with this here? I mean, there are many interesting dimensions to the 2MB HF and/or SW debate, and Matt's thoughts are definitely appreciated, but in my comment I was simply referencing your trolling 300KB implementation of 'the letter but definitely not the spirit' of the 2MB HF in the HK agreement.
@_date: 2017-05-23 21:44:24
Right, I heard the same. So following that logic, the agreement is null and void; it doesn't make a whole lot of sense to hold the miners to their end when the developers couldn't / wouldn't / shouldn't have agreed to theirs.
@_date: 2017-05-22 17:18:27
Username checks out. Please take a break from your prolific, inane shitposting and get some fresh air or something. You've replied to almost every comment in this thread and added approximately zero value to the discussion.
At no point in your rambling, incoherent responses were you even close to anything that could be considered a rational thought. Everyone in this sub is now dumber for having read them. I award you no points, and may God have mercy on your soul.
@_date: 2017-05-23 20:31:29
Both you and not only have the tinfoil wrapped around your heads too tightly, but are also sooner or later going to find out the hard way who has influence over the Bitcoin network and who doesn't. Hint: it's not any of the people with ~0.00436594 BTC and a reddit account.
The UASF movement is just dangerous, feel-good populist nonsense created by and pandering to partisans that are too far gone to understand the complexities of the scaling debate because they are too busy circle-jerking each other about why their side is the best side, and slandering whoever the given enemies are this week.^1
Both sides have valid points and concerns, and a compromise is way, way overdue. No amount of reddit and twitter trolling will magically deliver your side a decisive victory.
1: Mind you, of course the other side has an equal number of useful idiots. But that's beside the point here.
@_date: 2017-05-24 20:17:54
Actually, you're absolutely right about that! I keep falling into the same trap most people do when thinking about and discussing this issue, and making it binary. It's definitely not. As you noted, there are a *lot* of sides to this, and even gradients in between sides (such as the fairly large "I don't really care," "just make it work," "make transactions cheaper one way or another," and "I'm tired of all the infighting" groups).
Side note: My take is that 'The Most Serene Republic' of group number one, while interesting, is not nearly as influential as they like to think they are. MP's pathological narcissism and ego alone is enough to eclipse an entire continent. The WOT, MPEx, etc. were somewhat important in the early days, but these days, Bitcoin can and will move on without them when the time comes...despite whatever tantrums they may throw. They're still very interesting to read, though.
@_date: 2017-05-27 01:26:47
You're in the wrong sub. Please go to they'll agree with your ignorance there.
@_date: 2017-05-24 03:56:27


Bingo! This means we're on the right track. What I'm struggling with is how to get more of a solid commitment on the HF. This handwaving sounds just like the Scaling Roadmap. It's not like I want to rush it, unlike the "SegWit NOW" crowd, I don't think "HF NOW" (style) is appropriate and I definitely would like to see how SegWit goes and plan for the HF properly! I just don't want it to be back-burnered indefinitely, which still seems to be a real risk. Even if the pro-HF camp has to wait longer than they would like (part of the compromise), the parameters for activation of the HF itself should be much more concrete.
@_date: 2017-05-24 20:07:21
It's funny, because we actually mostly agree, but you seem to see Bitcoin software as some sort of immutable word of God in the form of stone tablets or something. It has no such power. It's just the brilliance of Satoshi in his design of the proper incentives that act upon human nature and its many imperfections (greed, selfishness, etc.). Any changes, past present or future, did and will come about through human politics. Even implementation of something like multisignature transactions (or was it P2PKH or something?) came about through politics; feelings were hurt, concessions were made, and the final result was imperfect. I recall even reflecting that, in hindsight, a different implementation (Gavin's?) would have been better. The point being, Bitcoin itself doesn't check each change to see if it's suitable for decentralization, or lives up to its ideals, or whatnot; humans do. Bitcoin only retains its valuable qualities because not enough humans agree (because politics) to take it in a different direction.
I don't know how else to rephrase my point; it would be more helpful if you just gave it some more thought. Maybe someone else can chime in with a better elaboration.
Thanks for the discussion!
@_date: 2017-07-13 04:19:25
@_date: 2017-05-23 22:21:55
I'm going to have to correct your reply here as well, for the benefit of readers at least, because it's overly simplistic and you know enough to know better:


A hard fork doesn't require anything in particular, and can and does happen at any time with any amount of support. A hard fork can happen at 100%, 99.99%, 95%, 75%, 51%, or even, in the extreme case, with one person running one node with incompatible consensus rules. Of course, the results between those cases will differ wildly. The reason I'm clarifying this for you is because, as you know, 100% is completely unrealistic and a non-starter even for the most theoretically wildly popular HF proposal. A more accurate description would be, "it is in the interest of the community to have as much majority support for a hard fork as realistically possible, to minimize the potential negative consequences (uncertainty, a chain split, etc.)." That desired majority will never, ever be 100% due to dissenters, ancient un-upgraded nodes, etc., and should be significantly higher than 51% to avoid contention and a chain split, but what percent between 51% and 100% is necessary/desired is unclear.


Roughly correct, though to be clear: it's not about what percent of the community consents and upgrades [to the SegWit-enabled version of the client], right? It's about the ratio of SegWit transactions to non-SegWit transactions that actually get broadcast and included in blocks. That would be an important distinction, since we're really not sure yet how many will upgrade and actually use SegWit transactions. I'm not trying to sow FUD; hopefully the incentives baked into SegWit encourage significant enough real-world usage that we'll actually see enough SegWit transactions to make a noticeable difference...but I still think penetration will take a while.
@_date: 2015-02-21 20:13:03
That was a great answer...kudos! private
@_date: 2017-05-23 20:50:44
Sigh, guess I spoke too soon! Beware the lizard people and all that, I guess.
@_date: 2017-07-15 19:07:04


This is simply not true; the other side (to the extent I can speak for them) wants lower fees and more focus on on-chain scaling. They definitely don't want to "give Bitcoin to the banks" and before the inevitable mention of "decentralization"...yes, there are trade-offs, but modest bumps in on-chain capacity will not destroy Bitcoin's key property of decentralization.
@_date: 2017-05-23 21:31:39
Nice try. They certainly were not idiots, as I'm sure you agree; they were intelligent, thoughtful, and pragmatic. The idiots I'm referring to, on both sides mind you, are the ones digesting are regurgitating partisan nonsense on reddit and twitter while adding copious amounts of noise and precious little value to the community and ecosystem.
@_date: 2017-05-24 02:32:03
Exactly. That's the problem.
My understanding is a lot of the friction SegWit is facing from certain camps is due to the attitude of "SegWit *now*, 2MB HF much-later-maybe-probably-never." Don't get me wrong, I'm all for being cautious...but for all the talk of stalling tactics in this sub, I'm surprised nobody seems to see this as the exact kind of wishy-washy stalling tactic. Most people here seem to think the *entire community* has unanimous consensus on SegWit (clearly, this is not the case) and they are totally OK with pushing it forward, opposition be damned...but when it comes to the 2MB HF, it sounds like if even one person has any reservations about it, it's a no go.
A true compromise should involve a *true* commitment to both. No hand-waving. If your requirement is unanimous consensus (unrealistic), then neither SegWit nor 2MB HF will ever happen. If it's not (reasonable), then both have enough support (either on their own, or as a compromise including both) to happen.
@_date: 2017-05-23 20:48:56
I'm not your biggest fan, but major kudos for pushing back against the mindless fellating groupthink rampant here. Seriously.
@_date: 2017-07-11 20:10:04
Wow, you guys are Grade A assholes. I respect your technical chops, but the Reddit trolling you guys are doing here is some childish nonsense. Get over yourselves.
@_date: 2017-05-24 04:06:09


I don't see any major differences. That said, this time around it seems to be gaining traction, which is promising.


I think that's a reasonable perspective. The caveat being, *collectively* regular Bitcoiners have veto power. Just like collectively, miners have veto power, and exchanges have veto power, and merchants have veto power, and so on. Individually or partially, not so much. One of the major problems we've faced over the past two years is that individuals or partial collectives have gone on power trips thinking they have outsize influence on the network (and no, I'm not just talking about Jihan and Ver!), and as we've seen, it's not enough to move the needle...this is why a compromise is needed. And of course, individuals from all sides will say "not enough!" or "too much!" (like you said). That's to be expected. I think we should all prepare for the compromise to get slightly more painful. Digging in further will do nobody any favors.
@_date: 2017-06-02 06:35:20
It's superscript, using the carat character (\^) in reddit markdown. So \^moon = ^moon.