@_author: twodimesmove
@_date: 2018-09-30 04:05:17
Net metering solved this problem.   You build credit during the day buy turning the actual meter on your home or facility backwards.  Then at night when you need power and the sun isn't shining you have all that credit.  
In most cases of large arrays the customer will have a negative value at the end of the year.  Which most power companies will not pay you for, even though they sold your power to your neighbor.   Therefore, there are some scenarios where you could have almost limitless power usage and never see a bill.   Especially if this place has been running the meter backwards for years.
@_date: 2018-09-29 17:04:37
When a currency is used like this to gamble, it will become manipulated and be just the same as any other currency.   
Humans are skrewed, I am awaiting the robot overlords.  
This is not how currency should be utilized and could never happen with physical assets like gold.
@_date: 2018-09-29 17:37:15
Agreed.  
@_date: 2018-09-29 17:23:50
Backed by nothing, manipulated just like libor, silver, gold and the rest. Digital money is going to get corrupted, I don't care how much you all claim it is decentralized. Big government and Corps have already centralized your precious bitcoin.
Gold, Silver, Food, Water, electricity these are all tangible finite resources that could be used as currency.   Bitcoin, is going to be controlled by the asshat with the most computers, which yes are Gov/Corps.  
@_date: 2018-09-29 17:19:07
You know bitcoin is a very unstable form of currency.   Power goes out, grid failure, hackers all can disrupt the ability for you to purchase food or pay rent.   
Backed by nothing, manipulated just like libor, silver, gold and the rest.   Digital money is going to get corrupted, I don't care how much you all claim it is decentralized.    Big government and Corps have already centralized your precious bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-09-30 01:20:15
As far as the notion that Satoshi, being unknown, could have just been a Gov/Big bank surname.  This is definitely not impossible.  But satoshi didn't create bitcoin did he?  Satoshi created the blockchain.   Therefore, it is not impossible yet it is very probable that bitcoin is the creation of bad actors. 
Secondly, you agree that 51% of the nodes all in agreement can easily ban a transaction.  It is not impossible for the large conglomerations of miners to be in the hands of governments and big banks and they can easily agree to ban any persons who they identify as being "bad".  Just look at what is going on with censorship on facebook, google, twitter, reddit all in unison.   Couple this with something like China's new social score system that can effectively ban someone from using the internet and banks.   This my friend is why I am saying that bitcoin may not be all peaches and cream and can easily be shutdown or made very difficult for someone to access.  
Which is why I am no fan of crypto as the end all be all for currency.   Sure it may have some applications but there is no replacement for a currency that can be directly handed to someone with no electricity or device needed.
@_date: 2018-09-29 22:43:42
And just who is this satoshi that you hold in such high esteem?
If you concentrate the miners, then you can control who has approved transactions.   If you have a 51% majority you can dictate whatever you wish.   Am I wrong?
@_date: 2018-09-29 17:22:31
Ill say it again, Backed by nothing, manipulated just like libor, silver, gold and the rest. Digital money is going to get corrupted, I don't care how much you all claim it is decentralized. Big government and Corps have already centralized your precious bitcoin.
Very unstable and sketchy form of currency, if you don't have power and access to the web your fucked.   Like as in, china's new social score system limiting citizens ability to use their coin.
I feel this is going to very easily and rapidily be completely corrupted and controlled.  Have a nice day eating your coins. 
@_date: 2018-08-01 16:10:09
Likely because the Bitcoin is the new global currency and will not be as anonymous as everyone claims. 
@_date: 2019-03-15 02:54:40
Thank you for this, I also came to say this.
@_date: 2019-03-30 03:08:28
Your coins can be hacked on your PC or phished, this is a real issue that will keep people from adopting.   At least with fiat I only have to deal with in person robbers.  The government cannot take my cash on hand either, without locking me up. Which in this case, they can likely convince you to hand over your coin or forever stay in jail.  They did it in the US with gold coins during FDR.
So nothing is safe from a tyrannical government which is half of my point when discussing crypto.  To think the powers that be will go quietly is naive at best. 
I really want to see this work but without some real changes in society and reigning in our corrupt governments.  They will continue to push society into abject poverty and would like nothing more than a global currency people believed was for the people.  
Just like the internet was originally viewed as the bastion of information and anonymity.  It is now becoming more of a filter bubble on information and a way to collect data on everything everyone does.   This is what I see happening with crypto.  Put forth as this amazing tech and then slowly it will play into the hands of the elite. 
@_date: 2019-03-30 22:06:12
This is an interesting idea, I haven't thought about the idea of capping inflation of value.  Is that similar to Gold?  Is there any sources you can send me that would elaborate on this idea.  
I also kind of agree that I don't see much use for bitcoin for the average people, Americans don't tend to travel much so no need for easily converatable currency and they tend to shop at Amazon and Wal-mart, not direct from oversee's vendors.  


This is a bit of a leap I think, Gold made similar claims and is more easily accessible to the common man.  
It tends to hold its value as supply is relatively constant and cannot increase exponentially.  I also see land as being an appreciatory asset that is supply limited, I mean completely there is a set amount and that is folks.  Well unless you build islands, so a very very limited increase potential.  
I don't think further increasing the divide in wealth is a good thing for humanity as a whole.  
@_date: 2019-03-31 16:36:03
Wait so they removed you from ethics which was your punishment because you were learning and enjoying it?  Wow we are kind of a special breed.
@_date: 2019-03-31 16:30:41
I guess you don't understand math.  Perhaps you may understand what I am saying if you were paid in bitcoin.  If the value rises 1000x you are not going to receive 1000x the value in your salary.  Your paycheck will move three decimal places to the right.  
Sure the single coin is the same, but the portion the average worker receives would get smaller and smaller over time, were they to be paid in bitcoins.   Not sure why most people struggle to understand this idea.
@_date: 2019-03-30 16:48:58
Valid point, I agree if crypto takes hold it is good for those who were able to afford it early on.  This is like 1% of the population perhaps more.  So relish in the fact that you will turn the tables on humanity and you will be the elite of the future.  I hope you took ethics in school.
1000 people own 40% of the bitcoin market currently so you all better hope they are good guys....
@_date: 2019-03-30 00:14:12


You guys and your catchy phrases that really don't yet mean anything.  Remind me in 10 years perhaps crypto is useful as the global governments one world currency and control system.
As a matter of fact gold is required to coordinate and build satellites, bitcoin is not.
Nice powerpoint but did they implement this?  Doubtful because the blockchain is really just a glorified database. 
@_date: 2019-03-31 02:17:58
I am not the only one who thinks that bitcoin has major flaws.  
You must pay a fee or a tax everytime you use it.  Transaction fee, or a tax. I was says "or" here and not meaning an actual government tax.  In otherwords a use fee/tax.
It is ripe with fraud, Mt. Gox, Quadriga to name a few.  Just because the FED is also full of fraud doesn't make my statement incorrect.
So I am still not sure if "lots" of what I said is incorrect.   
The other points, we are seeing more and more centralization in mining especially as the economics of scale start to show its effect.
If you want to use it and have some sense of security it will not be anonymous.  I am sure there a ways but most people have no clue and I would imagine if the gov wanted to they could find out which IP accessed which account or some such tracking.  So perhaps my anonymity comment is not completely true because I am sure there are ways you can clean up traces but I am not a hacker.
@_date: 2019-03-17 18:58:52
Here is some info 
This book made me a skeptic and I haven't been able to overcome the objections it makes.  
I can easily exchange bullion for anything I want in person, with 0 oversight or government meddling.  I have heard that this kind of transaction is not taxable either since it is a barter and not a sale technically.
I agree pretty much everything is manipulated right now, LIBOR scandal sheds light on this.  Bitcoin is not beyond manipulation and in fact since there is a limited supply it is much easier to mess with the prices.  All these big banks need to do is sell a pile to another one of their companies and the price plummets, they still technically have the assets, much like they are doing with paper gold and silver.
I understand the anger and frustrations with our money, it is the root of all our problems, but I just cannot seem to understand how bitcoin is any different.  As we have seen it will become almost impossible to be anonymous using crypto, from what I can tell it will be even more traceable and taxable as time goes on.  
So to me this is not a solution, and it seems to be the beginnings of a global currency, that will most likely be hyper controlled by a the global systems.  If you cannot access the internet like some folks in China, due to their new social credit score system, how can you use your coins?  You cannot use them globally at that point only in person with perhaps your QR code.  So all these claims don't hold water and gold and silver end up being a better store of value, in my opinion.
@_date: 2019-03-15 02:55:23
No what this is, is the US going to war with Venezuela because their other strategies have failed.  This should be a global outcry against the US and their crimes against humanity.
@_date: 2019-03-29 23:05:54
No the only real investments in this scenario are land, labor and capital.  Water, Food, shelter, energy, medicine.  These are the only things with actual value, everything else is chasing those goods. 
Your assuming bitcoin is the money of the future.  That is a huge leap of faith.  To me crypto is one of the riskiest things you could put stock in, not only are you relying on electricity and electronics but you are putting a huge stock in the idea that the governments of the world wont find a way to control that system like they have controlled everything else.  
What happens in the China Social Credit score system with your crypto?  Don't you think if your score is too low you will be banned from you coin?  
Again you assumptions are a bit far fetched in my opinion.  If I am wrong well maybe some day I will be forced to exchange my labor or assets for crypto.  But I am definitely not going to be "investing" in the off chance that bitcoin somehow takes over the world.
@_date: 2019-03-15 06:41:15
@_date: 2019-03-30 03:03:06
 the trust to be maintained, honest network participants need to control the vast majority of computing power, each and every user needs to verify the history of transactions and the supply of the cryptocurrency needs to be predetermined by its protocol. Trust can evaporate at any time because of the fragility of the decentralised consensus through which transactions are recorded. Not only does this call into question the finality of individual payments, it also means that a cryptocurrency can simply stop functioning, resulting in a complete loss of value. Moreover, even if trust can be maintained, cryptocurrency technology comes with poor efficiency and vast energy use. Cryptocurrencies cannot scale with transaction demand, are prone to congestion and greatly fluctuate in value. Overall, the decentralised technology of cryptocurrencies, however sophisticated, is a poor substitute for the solid institutional backing of money."
Gold is borderless and I don't see that being adopted globally, nope they use fiat, do you know why?  Because the US will bomb the shit out of them if they don't.  See Libya, Iraq, now Venezuela.  
So to think that these super powers will go quietly into the night is rather naive.   
Though I understand I agree with all the premises of this tech, banks are evil, government have used their ability to print money to enslave the world through a debt based system.  This is terrible I for one despise this reality.  
But to think that this tech is the solution to this problem is only treating a symptom, its a band aid on a festering wound that feeds off band aids.  The system will corrupt it one way or another that is almost guaranteed.  There are a lot of ways that could happen, 51% is one, or creating a billion nodes that it controls.  Money is no object to this beast.  
So I really want to see a solution to humanities problem, but I don't think this is the end all be all.  Perhaps if we were to reign in our collective governments power then crypto for the people may stand a chance, but without some real massive change in humanity, I just don't see this working.  
Just my point of view and I would be totally happy being wrong.  If and when a coin shows its usefulness and I need it.  I will start to sell things I make for that currency, or perhaps I will exchange my currency for crypto.  
But I am not buying into the idea of crypto being an investment or a way to get rich, this kind of rhetoric is what pyramid schemers tend to say.
@_date: 2019-03-30 16:30:59
Wait you think the governments are utilizing the internet to the fullest?  That the system of control and spying isn't at an all time high?
Have you even heard of the social sredit score system impletmented in China? (
Well, it seems you are not thinking outside the box.  If the above source gives you pause I would be happy to share real news sources with you so you can better understand the world around you.  But sometimes it may be best, no knowing what is actually going on.   
Because Venezuela hasn't banned bitcoin and this has nothing to do with their current situation.  The sanctions and stealing of their money by the British banks has much more to do with it.....
@_date: 2019-03-30 19:16:22
Hard saying, since most average people have very little use to buy things from other countries.  I don't really see the point for most people, I don't think that Americans travel much.  
So there is no upside for average folks, perhaps businesses can benefit or well I just don't see who this is made for really.
@_date: 2019-03-30 19:41:25
I don't think it is as bad as the media is making it out to be.  Also the US is largely responsible for the turmoil there.
@_date: 2019-03-30 16:46:12
Yea I am not saying that I enjoy what the US is doing with the money but I cannot stop it by using bitcoin.  Just like Libya, Iraq, Venezuela couldn't stop it by selling their oil for gold.
@_date: 2019-03-30 02:14:03
Wait, I am biased and someone with the username such as yours is not?  Oh irony.
@_date: 2019-03-30 19:37:40
That is a fair point, though I don't know if the term deflationary is accurate.  I think it is more of an appreciation than deflation, doesn't deflation require the reduction of the supply of currency?
@_date: 2019-03-23 00:27:15
Upvote for you sir!
@_date: 2019-03-22 14:35:04
Your making a lot of assumptions.  You will almost certainly not "kill" fiat with your new crypto.  This is preposterous on its face.
Good luck. 
@_date: 2019-03-30 19:34:17


In theory these things may be true.  But it is no more a store of value than a piece of paper or a hard drive, currency is only worth anything if people believe its worth something.  If people ever stopped believing in bitcoin it would be completely worthless, unlike something like gold, which has useful qualities. 
So I cannot agree with your assumptions, the blockchain isn't really the most efficient system, it has some unique qualities and seems to be decent so far in reducing fraud in transactions but there are real downsides to this system as well.  So far it remains to be seen if this holds water.
@_date: 2019-03-30 22:27:43
Didn't the US make gold illegal for use as tender and they have enforced this with guns throughout the world?
So couldn't the US do the same thing to bitcoin if they wanted to stop it?
@_date: 2019-03-29 23:07:47
No their power comes from being able to manipulate everything in every market. Their power comes from people willing to go to war for their governments.
If they wanted to they could buy almost all the bitcoin in existence.  
They likely have a large amount of it already and can easily manipulate the industry. 
@_date: 2019-03-29 22:58:07


Wow, ok let me explain it to you.  Today in reality you buy bitcoins with currency, therefore bitcoin it tied or correlated to the currency which is called the price.  If the dollar loses purchasing power bitcoin will be more expensive and visa versa?  I am not sure how you don't seem to understand this idea.  
So bitcoins price is just that, in terms of whatever currency you are using to buy it?  Did I miss something here?  


Clearly completely hypothetical and not related to the current situation.   Gold has this capability but Bitcoin does not sorry it has no intrinsic value. 
Ok let me explain this to you so you can understand, we are talking hypotheticals.  Lets say your paycheck is in Bitcoin, and you receive 1 satoshi per day for your work.  If bitcoin goes up in value exponentially, say to due the hypothetical fiat collapse.  Lets say it increases in value by 1000 times overnight.  Do you think your employer will pay you 1000 times the value for the same work?  Nope, you will get .001 satoshi per day instead now.  Economics 101
You cannot really be claiming that everyone in the world will peg some made up number of bitcoin as the value of their work and goods are you?  This is really a fantastical idea, almost nothing on the planet except for Gold, silver and USD has accomplished this feat.
@_date: 2019-03-14 23:05:49
There is some accountability with betting, crypto on the other hand is a playing field of fraud.  I don't blame them. 
@_date: 2019-03-30 16:45:00
Like I said, they came to peoples doors looking for gold.  If it was found that you were hiding it they jailed you.  If they wanted to get your bitcoin and they found out it was your IP address that had been using it.  They would know what they were looking for when they came to your door.
Hopefully this doesn't happen but it has happened before and people thought the same thing you did, they hid it and locked it away and yet the government got almost all of it back.
@_date: 2019-03-31 20:34:28
This is well said.
@_date: 2019-03-30 19:00:48
Just a reference point and I am pretty sure Star Trek isn't communist.  I am talking about money not existing at all.  I am talking about real radical change, a voluntary society without the rule by force.  This has nothing to do with communism in my opinion.
@_date: 2019-03-29 23:37:06
Ah right, yea I agree our entire world is based on debt, it is rather insane.  
I again disagree that the only investment is bitcoin this is illogical and rather dangerous.
The only investment is land, labor and capital, the means of production.  The only things to buy are the means to acquire water, food, shelter and energy.  With those things you don't need money or can trade those things for money.     If you make things of value you can always trade them for any currency.  
So the fact that a large portion of people in this sub talk in such absolutes is alarming.  Bitcoin has not proven itself and could very easily be replaced by a fork.  It could easily be upset by 51% attacks or by other means.  How many nodes could the governments of the world afford to create in order to take control over crypto.  I mean you said it they have unlimited resources and have more wealth than all the world combined, so it is not unreasonable to think they could very easily control crypto if they wished. 
Lol, then at the end of your explaination you resort to ad hominem attacks.  This only makes you feel like you have a winning argument but is a form of logical dishonesty.


I am by no means poor my friend, I have many streams of income and at any time I could trade things that I create that have real value for any currency I choose.  So save your attacks as money is not the only means of wealth.
@_date: 2019-03-15 06:48:05
I do not disagree, but that is due to government collusion with bankers. So why not fix the problem instead of this hash chain block chain monstrosity....
@_date: 2019-03-30 03:27:24
Your absolutely right about never find a perfect solution until we get to Star Trek land.  Which I believe they didn't have money it was made obsolete.  Which may be the only way humanity will truly solve its problems.
I also think that if a global government were to take shape they could afford as many miners as they wanted or confiscate them.  Just like in the US in 1933 when FDR made holding gold illegal they could do the same with nodes, miners and coins.  We cannot forget they rule by force and violence.  
I am sure people pre 1933 thought that gold was their solution to the Federal Reserve and very soon the fiat would collapse but they never saw the government actually knocking down their doors and taking their money as an option.  
I like this idea, I really want it to succeed but it seems almost no one it talking about the flaws and most people are parroting the memes of mooning or hodl or whatever.   I like to come here an stir the pot and see what these people have to say about my comments.  Yours have been very level headed and I appreciate you.
@_date: 2019-03-29 22:48:57
A confidence game or fraudulent scheme, but I can google too.  It will remain to be seen.
@_date: 2019-03-30 17:03:29
Right rein not reign.  
When I asked if it were possible to corrupt the bitcoin system, I get various answers, first it is a straight no.  Then it is a well yea technically but it would be very difficult.  There are two ways that I can see one on the mining side and another on the node/devs side.  That's two too many.  
@_date: 2019-03-21 20:35:29
Currency is NOT an investment.  WTF is wrong with you people???
@_date: 2019-03-23 03:23:43
I had to google him, so unfortunately I am not sure who he is.  I would enjoy learning a bit though is there anywhere you can point me?
I do agree that the concept of bitcoin is interesting and I agree with the reasons why the old system sucks, but it remains to be seen how the world will do with crypto.  What really remains is what the powers that be will do once they start to play in this realm.
@_date: 2019-03-15 00:15:39


At least you know what you are getting into, if some one steals your coins there is no recourse. 
As far as fraud, I am sure MT Gox was a "good" exchange.  I have seen far more fraudulent businesses in the crypto markets than I have seen in a while in any other sector.  
Again, crypto is a really interesting scam to me at the moment.  It offers a really long winded approach to a problem it does not even come close to addressing.  Pretty much every claim of the crypto industry is a farce.  I really can't even name one claim that can be proven as true. 
@_date: 2019-03-29 22:50:11
No you lost me with only investment is liquid assets.  Unless this is sarcasm I'm lost.
@_date: 2019-03-30 02:41:04
Lol, I come here to challenge your beliefs in the off chance you actually have sound arguments to counter my questioning, perhaps I will see your points of view.  But so far its evading the real reasons why 10 years later and bitcoin still has very few useful traits.  No user friendly interfaces.  Piles of security issues, with phishing and scam exchanges.  
Yet here you all are a circle jerk of hodldumb. 
I am surprised you all seem to think that the powers that be will go quietly into the night as this new form of currency removes all their ability to keep people in abject poverty and continue to use bombs and force to get what they want. 
This concept is a band aid on the real issues and has yet to live up to any of its claims.  It is not anonymous, it is not decentralized, it is not efficient, governments can take it away, it is ripe with fraud, and on top of everything you have to pay a tax or fee everytime you use it.  
Since you attempted to call me out here you go, all you bitcoiners love to circle jerk and really hate it when people challenge your faith based assumptions.  
What will be funny is when facebook or amazon create their own coin that has none of the so called benefits but a simple easy to use interface for users.  Couple this with enough government propaganda and well I am sure you can see what will happen.
I am not the only one who thinks that bitcoin will not be the last coin standing and that the powers that be will not stand idly by as you make them obsolete.  This is very naive thinking and likely due to the fact that most of you are very heavily invested and therefore have a conflict of interest in believing otherwise. 
Public banking is a much simplier and already proven solution. Libya used it, we had a few in the US.  There are a lot of much easier solutions to these problems than blockchain.  
There is a reason that the blockchain has not been used in any other form besides bitcoin, because it isn't better than our current solutions. 
As far as trustless system well we know that that is not really the truth either;
 "For the trust to be maintained, honest network participants need to control the vast majority of computing power, each and every user needs to verify the history of transactions and the supply of the cryptocurrency needs to be predetermined by its protocol. Trust can evaporate at any time because of the fragility of the decentralised consensus through which transactions are recorded. Not only does this call into question the finality of individual payments, it also means that a cryptocurrency can simply stop functioning, resulting in a complete loss of value. Moreover, even if trust can be maintained, cryptocurrency technology comes with poor efficiency and vast energy use. Cryptocurrencies cannot scale with transaction demand, are prone to congestion and greatly fluctuate in value. Overall, the decentralised technology of cryptocurrencies, however sophisticated, is a poor substitute for the solid institutional backing of money."   
But I digress, I come here to see what you all will say and when I am offered a question or something that is counter my point of view, it gives me reason to research further and this improves my understanding.  By standing in a room of circle jerkers you don't learn anything new and you definitely don't have your views challenged.  Thus the filter bubble protects you from truth.  So you should be thanking people like me.  
@_date: 2019-03-17 19:30:29
If you have a limited supply, it is going to be much easier for big banks to manipulate prices through selling 10% or 20% of all coins at any given time.  
It is not proven that bitcoin will hold any value long term, a couple 51% attacks and the entire coin is pretty worthless.  So your making an assumption.  
I agree fiat is BS, but that doesn't by defalt make crypto gold.  
I have read many books about this stuff, and the points he makes are solid.  It seems the crypto adopters are most of the time to heavily invested to think critically, they have bought the kool-aid quite literally.  So there are flaws in every point of view and bias, but I have not seen any proof that crypto overcomes any of the things it claims to do. 
Miners will and now are heavily centralized, you must put your trust into the Dev's, the markets and exchanges are ripe with fraud, there is 0 accountability when transacting business, 51% attack all bets are off.  Not to mention the fervor of this tech "mooning" which not really going to happen and seems to invite gullible people into the pool.   Now what about "hodl" also leads me to believe we have some sort of giant scam going on, why would you want people who have bought in to hold then coins and not use them?  This makes almost 0 sense, besides the facts that if people actually buy things eventually all the coins will end up in Amazon's or some similar suppliers hands.  So you see why there is many many reasons to be skeptical here.  
So to say I don't understand and this is why I don't know bitcoin is different, is not really much difference in calling me a conspiracy theorist or discounting someones views because they compartmentalize someone's opinions.
At the end of the day, the best solution to a problem is usually the simplest.  Crypto is the opposite of a simple solution, it is by the far the most complicated way to transfer value every devised by man.  
@_date: 2019-03-30 16:41:24
The problem with this arguement is your talking bout ways to make profit and I am talking about sound investments for average people.  Two very different points and you are also pointing to some sort of huge collapse that will somehow make crypto the shining light.  
Don't try and tell me to study economy or history, this is some sorto of cop out for you not understanding what I am talking about.  
@_date: 2019-03-15 06:57:14
I will not disagree, I did not say that fiat was a good thing.  Just saying that crypto is no better.  Soon most of the mining will be re-centralized, so....  
@_date: 2019-03-19 00:08:49
Thanks for taking the time to reply to my rant.  
This outlines some of the concerns.  
I will look into what you have said a bit further.  I am still very uncertain about this tech and what happens to it in the future.  I doubt very highly the central bankers are just going to go quitely into the night and let the people have the power back.  This seems like a very naive thought process, they will react in some manner.
The point on manipulating price, as price is determined by supply and demand?  If a group has been stock piling coins, they could easily amass a large percentage of the coins, then sell them causing a fall in the price, they would likely be able to buy back even more coins and repeat the process.  There is all manner of fuckery that can happen in a stock like market, which is how crypto has been operating. 
@_date: 2019-03-22 00:28:56
10 years later, yep.  I understand this was a way to allow people to adopt yes, but it seems this is the end goal for most people.  To the moon and 100k and such nonsense will only contribute to scams and pump and dumps.   This kind of rhetoric is nonsense and should be shamed in the crypto arena's.  Volitile currency is not what is highly sought after.  
Stable prices are what should be touted, expect you all have gotten yourselves into such a circle jerk of making a bunch of money it seems most people of lost sight of the real goals.
I would like to make a side note here, if and when crypto becomes useful for say Amazon purchases.   How long do you think it will take before Amazon holds a vast majority of the existing bitcoin?  They could hodl all of it, raising the price and the dump it all and crash the market.   
These are the kinds of discussions that need to be had.  Your "currency" will not be very useful in situations like the above.  This concept will only remain viable in a stock based concept or with small business but as soon as it steps into corporate big business areas, it will be crushed. In my humble opinion. 
@_date: 2019-03-30 00:46:02
Lol, ok man, just like when it went to 20k.  Then dropped like a rock.  There are many many many ways in which big banks easily manipulate prices.  They can setup multiple bags and buy and sell between them, they can slowly pick up small wallets during this process.  
You don't think the powers that be are already manipulating this market and preparing for the off chance that this takes hold?  That is illogical and naive.  
 It will become very clear very shortly if this experiment in economics will fail or continue.  We are already reaching 80% supply of bitcoin in the market.   Scarcity will start to become apparent, and this will most likely further reduce the velocity of the currency thus making it less stable in price and in my opinion very easy to manipulate.
@_date: 2019-03-29 19:05:22
Yea the US may be the worst place in the world to live at the moment, well as far as industrialized nations.
@_date: 2019-03-30 01:14:18
I literally just said this less than a hour ago.  
What is likely to happen then?  It is strange that 10 years and almost all of the coins are in existence and very little usage.  
I see a couple options, scarcity reduces velocity thus making it less useful as more people hodl with the idea of this thing going to the moon.
Perhaps the idea of scarcity drives up prices and new people into buying with further increases price.  This may drive up to another bubble or it may remain higher.
But there are a lot of really glaring problems with this tech right now, some of the most problematic are theft due to hacking or phishing as a new way to be robbed.   The shear complexity of the tech is not easy to overcome for most common non computer folks.
Most will likely wait until some simple user based interfaces are created that will reduce the likely hood of losing all your money.
@_date: 2019-03-22 22:59:45
Um, wtf is fake volume?
@_date: 2019-03-18 01:04:48
Agreed, I do like the concept I am just not sure of the application of crypto.  It also assumes that there will be no meddling by the governments/banks in all these scenarios.  So like you said, this is a band aid on the real issue.
@_date: 2019-03-31 01:43:45
Agreed, I like having liquid assets and I agree with your sentiments reguarding having liquidity.  
I am also renting right now, I have owned several times but it appears we are at the top of the housing market right now.  So like you I am not hodling a house.  
I have been arguing with bitcoin and buttcoiners for almost 6 months now and your making some sound arguments here as well.   I haven't yet been fully convinced of the technology but I do like what your putting down.
@_date: 2019-03-24 03:23:30


How does this work?  Thanks, this would be my first bitcoins!!! When do I become rich?
@_date: 2019-03-29 19:44:47
Well, currencies are not an investment.  This is the same a the gold and silver folks claiming you should buy all their shit.  If at any time it becomes useful or necessary to use crytpo I will exchange my money for them.  But currencies are not assets, money is a tool not a savings program. 
@_date: 2019-03-22 00:23:40
Uh huh, sure it is.  Right now its not much more than a stock based solely on an idea and used electricity.
@_date: 2019-03-24 03:04:23
Very peculiar, is there a reason for this other than to inflate the trading volume?
@_date: 2019-03-30 21:45:18


You said exactly this. I didn't put words in your mouth. 
However I agree with your last assessment.
@_date: 2019-03-29 19:46:10
Lol, ok well pretty sure that more than one type of crypto are complete scams.  Just because more people buy into bitcoin doesn't make it rather worthless in the grand scheme of currency.  
So discount my other points of view because my premise disagrees with yours.  This is a form of bias and logical fallacy.  
@_date: 2019-03-23 03:25:24
Ah I see, so there are thousands of blockchain based com portals or what?  I think that this is an interesting use of the tech, this intrigues me greatly.  
@_date: 2019-03-30 21:58:19
I am not a communist at all, if I were to summarize my position I would say Agorism is the best idea I have seen yet.  
I was giving this concept of humanity as a basis for the idea of a society without the use of money.  It was just there for a reference point to the concept of evolving as a society.  Many of the fantasiful things in Star Trek are now a reality, I don't see why the way people organized couldn't be a real possibility.
My statement is the result of much thought on the subject and the fact that there is no evidence of currency pre-summeria.   Perhaps the civilization that built the megalithic structures didn't have money to divide their society which resulted in their ability to create such amazing structures.  
Purely hypothetical thinking, I hope you can recognize that which is also why I used Star Trek as to not seem like this was something that I thought could actually happen. People are to dumbed down to understand such abstract ideas. 
@_date: 2019-03-23 02:53:43
I like what your saying but there are some holes in there.  I agree with the sentiment and digust against the current system.  But crypto is being gamed, is easily gamed, will continue to be gamed and corrupted just like all other forms of money. 
The crypto markets are attempting to put a band-aid on the real issue, which you have  eloquently pointed out.  This is treating the symptoms and not the root of the problem.  I have to give them credit but as soon as this thing starts to show signs of being adopted the big banks and corps will definitely begin to play the game too and then its no better or perhaps much worse than our current monetary woes.
@_date: 2019-03-30 02:14:15
This makes a lot of assumptions don't you think?
@_date: 2019-03-30 04:50:14
Well when your talking about currency what else it is used for?
I mean if we are talking about cell phones then well I would talk about people making calls or texting but since we are talking about a currency I would say that spending it or trading it for goods is the usage.  Unless you can make pillows out of the shit.... 
Your statement should have come with some sort of other options of usage because without that it seems rather ignorant.
@_date: 2019-03-30 21:43:17
Wait are you talking about Venezuela not Argentina?   Because Maduro is the president of Venezuela.  
I don't think they would ever try and block bitcoin.  Tax the hell out of it yes, jail you perhaps, ban it nope, too much money to be made by harassing people.  
What is fud? 
I don't think governments want to curtail black or dark markets, they themselves use that type of shit for black budget projects.  They also make piles of money by jailing and seize assets. 
@_date: 2019-03-17 19:02:24
This is the scariest shit I have heard all day.  Global reserve currency controlled by the government mining systems and if your not a good boy you cannot access your accounts.  Look at China's social credit system and you will soon see, if your banned from the internet your QR codes are no better, and in fact much worse than gold silver or even yes fiat.
@_date: 2019-03-29 20:40:25
Well the article has 0 to do with crypto.  The title of this post is completely misleading and inaccurate.  The article is about a looming recession.  
I am still not convinced that bitcoin is not a scam.  Only the future will tell and the fact that you will dismiss other factual statements because my opinion is counter to your own, well that is your own personal issue.
@_date: 2019-03-30 23:53:23
I yes, well my question was about the details on the site you sourced.
It shows how many "wallets" and how many "addresses"  are these "addresses" single individuals?  I am just trying to understand what it is I am looking at.
It also seems like wealth concentration is inevitable due to our current economic predicaments.   So perhaps bitcoin becomes adopted and goes to the moon and we end up in a very similar situation to now because the rich hold all the coin and only will pay out fractions of satoshi's to the rest of us.
@_date: 2019-03-30 04:27:50
@_date: 2019-03-30 19:42:23
Yea it was a quick search to have some basis for my statement.  I apologize I did not read it at all. 
So is the address in your link an actual single account?  
@_date: 2019-03-29 23:10:16
I prefer Land, labor, capital, food, water, shelter, energy.    Those are the only things that will ever have real value.  Money is a tool to get those things.  If we all had our basic needs met we wouldn't even need money.  But alas that is a Star Trek type fanciful idea. 
@_date: 2019-03-23 04:14:03
You dont hear this every day.  from the McLuhan wiki
"While studying the trivium at Cambridge,"  
Ahh college used to teach people HOW to think not what to think.  Im a big fan of the Trivium!
@_date: 2019-03-23 03:56:37
I am reading his wiki now.  I agree our concept of money is flawed and I was also having a discussion that perhaps the entire problem with the world is the idea of money at all.  
It seems to me that it prevents people without it doing anything of value, it helps people with it buy allowing them to make war.  What if we abolished money all together?  This concept is the reason why I loved Star Trek so much as a kid.  They didn't have money, it was useless and caused nothing but problems. 
I also don't see any evidence of Ancient Egyptian currency, like during the times the pyramids were built.  You don't see gold coins unearthed in Gobekli Tepe, so perhaps these highly evolved civilizations didn't have it and thats what allowed them to create such marvels. 
Im gonna read more into this Mcluhan fellow.
@_date: 2019-03-15 02:52:27
I don't see your examples cited, I stated Mt Gox.  That is a prime example.  How about a laundry list of other ICO's that have been complete scams.  
But I shall take the bait, here ya go.
Now, the people who were scammed from Wells Fargo have been compensated, to the tune of 142 million.  
So do you have any proof that anyone has the ability to get their funds back in a crypto fraud?  Nope, not possible.  In fact most states courts do not view crypto currency as real property, therefore you have almost 0 legal standing to get anything or any compensation.  
Lastly, money is not an investment, crypto is not an investment.  It is suppose to be a currency.  The idea of it mooning in there so that stupid people will buy the currency and hold it.  Which doesn't help the usefulness of this concept.  It leads one to the idea that this is a giant ponzi scheme. 
I base my ideas off of much research and a lot of the concepts have come from this book. 
So to answer your statement, if and when a form of crypto finds a way to solve some of the glaring problems and actually becomes a usable currency.  I will just exchange some of my funds when I need this form of money.  I will and would never expect to buy any coins, gold, fiat or anything and have this "investment" coddle me into retirement. 
Thanks for playing. 
@_date: 2019-03-07 00:25:15
Misleading title and report.  If you read the actual report, it clearly states that cash is crucial to the economy.  Bit coin people will do whatever they can to protect their "investment".  
Seems like a terrible idea to attack cash, your helping the world go digital which will be bad for personal freedom.
@_date: 2019-03-30 17:12:14
1000 people own 40% of bitcoin as it stands now.  That's a huge chunk, if those people wanted to collude bitcoin would be in for a ride.  
@_date: 2019-03-15 02:43:28
This is an interesting debate here, hats off to it. 
Gambling is voluntary, losing your ass on MT Gox is clearly not and most people never imagined they could lose it all.  
To counter your last two points. 
a) it has not been proven to be a effect way to make transactions, there is no accountability in online transactions.  If someone sends you the wrong item or no item you have 0 recourse to get your funds back, contrary to any other form of payment
b) Gold has limited emission is a far better form of currency.  
What happens if the power goes out for long periods of time, example Venezuela currently is in this situation.  They have also put a lot of stock into crypto as their currency is in hyperinflation.  But without electricity your "money" is useless.
@_date: 2019-03-23 01:21:17
Um, can't you send an immutable message to anyone using email or text message.....  And since when is the US not on the list of countries you get punished for speaking out...
It seems surreal that I can send this message to so many places on earth using wires and satellites..... wow this is amazing I feel like Louis or Clark or.... 
@_date: 2019-03-29 18:35:47
What a misleading title and it is very very unlikely that banks are in fear of bitcoin or crypto.   Especially after all the fake transactions are removed from the market analysis.  
But it seems that the bitcoin group will latch onto anything to try and sell more coins.  It may soon be clear that the bitcoin and most other crypto coins are nothing more than complete scams.  
The article is talking about signs of a recession and yes that will effect all forms of currency...
@_date: 2019-03-30 02:17:33
You guys all think that your coin is going to be the one that comes out on top.  That shows how heavily invested you all are.  
Just because I agree with the premise that the government is terrible and so are banks doesn't mean bitcoin is the answer.  
They will corrupt bitcoin just like they have done with everything else.  To think they don't already have a plan for this is naive and irrational.  
Pretty sure price will come in less than 40 years is a grand assumption my friend.  Again, at any time another better solution could come along and make bitcoin obsolete.  10 years and still not a simple user friendly interface shows how far fetched mass adoption really is.
@_date: 2019-03-11 04:03:08
Gold and silver seem to be simpler, less likely to get scammed on some exchange or forget your password to your own safe at home that doesn't require hacker like abilities to protect....
@_date: 2019-03-17 18:26:39
Well it is obvious that Bitcoin is not this solution, perhaps someday a group will figure out something that actually solves problems.  
In the current state, bitcoin and crypto are definitely centralized and not without their own corruptibility and manipulation.  So perhaps someday people will realize that gold and silver are likely still the best forms of money. 
Also if you cannot fix the terrible system of governments that are destroying our world then it matters not what kind of sea shells you use for transactions.
@_date: 2019-03-30 02:29:20
I am starting to think you live on a different planet and are choosing to argue for argument sake here.  Not sure what a video of empty houses proves. 


Your logic is conflicting.  You say that housing is overpriced right now, which I agree with.  Yet you ellude to the bubble bursting, which would result in a market correction and prices falling to affordable levels.  This scenario would be no benefit to bitcoin.....
This scenario would improve the fiat position.  


This statement is also illogical and you are really not making much sense now.  If you have the means to produce food and a surplus to sell they will ALWAYS have value no matter the currency.  If you have the means to make tools or things people need those will ALWAYS be valuable.  Your making 0 sense.  Holding bitcoin will not make society wealthier in any way shape or form.  It is worthless if people don't use it or need it.  It is no better than your video of empty houses.  


So you turn a statement of global default into an example of one country (
So your ramblings and contradictions are making you no closer to the truth than when you started.  You see the real problem is our systems of government and who controls the power.  Bitcoin is but a band aid on the real problem a philosophical attempt to solve the problem while ignoring the truth of the matter. 
If bitcoin or any crypto become widely adopted they will be manipulated and used to benefit the powers that be.  It will be no different than when you had fiat.  Besides the fact they cannot print more.  But when Amazon and WallMart and Huawei control all the whatever coins the people will be in no better shape then either.   
So you logic works against you yet again.  
@_date: 2019-03-30 16:36:43
Your arrogance is strong.  


What I am saying is the "limited supply" is not really limited due to the ability of bitcoin to be further decimalized.  This is the inverse of inflation and it not some sort of amazing feat.  The supply is increased due to the ability to decimilize. 
I am not sure why you seem to think this concept is off base as you have agreed. 
Man you sure are sure of your self here.   I ask you what exactly gives bitcoin value, with what mechanism do you determine said value and how would you price it?  
If the US dollar gains in value 100% the price of bitcoin falls relative the dollar.  Yea you seem to think that some arbitrary value has been created but that is fantasy land at this point, until there is actual need for bitcoin its value is all about speculation and price points.  But continue to ride your high horse or what the fuck ever.
@_date: 2019-03-11 04:03:52
Or gold and silver.  Seem to me that these are the most stable over centuries....
@_date: 2019-03-31 16:38:33
Ah I see, what a waste of time and money that you can lose coins to the ether for no good reason.   This is a real downside to crypto.
@_date: 2019-03-20 04:10:57
This just in, watch theft is on the rise....
@_date: 2019-03-15 06:41:21
@_date: 2019-03-29 19:38:33
It is not immune due to the fact it is tied to the price of other currencies.   It will radically change in price just like other currencies will, it is just technically "appreciation".   But if the US decides to pull in a pile of fiat in circulation through buying back its bonds or increasing interest rates, the bitcoin price will go down relative to the dollar.  So no currency is immune to fuckery. 
Just because there is a set supply does not make it the greatest thing since sliced bread.  Bitcoin is decimilized so it is possible for it to go even further, which is similar to increasing the supply if your pennies can move one step to the right of the decimal point whenever it is useful.   Which can be argued is good for people Hodling but it is terrible for future generations just like the appreciation of your house value seems good to you but when you kids try to buy a house it fucks them.
I crammed a lot of lines of thought into one comment so feel free to argue with these things separately as I should have stuck to one line of thinking. 
@_date: 2019-03-16 21:06:52
All you would have to do is repeg the dollar to gold again and this BS stops.
@_date: 2019-03-29 19:04:34
I agree with your assessment, besides the concept of bitcoin being the best thing you can do.  Water, Food, Shelter, Energy, Medicine are all the best things you can invest in for your future.  
I also don't see how crypto would be immune to inflation in comparison to other currencies.  It's price will adjust it is just the inverse of fiat in price adjustment, it will "appreciate" and fiat will inflate.  Both are bad for wage earners from what I can tell. 
@_date: 2019-03-23 03:03:37
I haven't pruchased any crypto, I came close once and then decided against it.  I have my savings account in gold and silver and all the rest of my assets in land, tools that I use to make money, supplies for said money making and other tangible things.  I have a very small investment portfolio that I will be surprised if I ever see.  
I am planning on being able to provide food, water, shelter and energy for myself as my retirement program.  Those things are investments, as they will help provide things I need in my future and are relatively stable over time and can never go to 0.  Crypto doesn't have any of those things and could easily go to 0 if a new tech comes out that makes this one obsolete, or a 51% attack or some such fuckery.
@_date: 2019-03-30 16:26:28
Who's making more money than Mastercard?  Very likely not you.... 
@_date: 2019-03-15 07:09:04
Your not familiar with the 51% attack then...
@_date: 2019-03-11 15:12:12
Sure did, says nothing about gold or silver which have been stable relative inflation for centuries, for the most part.  Much more stable than any fiat that for sure and to me much more reliable and less hackable than digital currencies, if you can even call them that at the moment.
@_date: 2018-10-30 16:50:41
I agree we need a shift, but isn't crypto completely corruptable due to the fact that they,banks, can currently buy all the crypto they want with their fake dollars.   Then because of the way it is traded, just like stocks, completely manipulate the markets.  
Crypto seems to lack a couple key qualities that sound money have, one being volatility and the other being durability. 
@_date: 2019-03-30 19:44:25


Well that is the most illogical statement of the decade.  Because the intelligence agencies and communities are highly coordinated. 
@_date: 2018-10-22 04:39:24
Yea totally, it would be much easier and safer to just wire a 220 outlet from your main panel. 
@_date: 2018-10-28 15:53:17
Agreed, people have no clue if this was even a real dude or a gov't creation or the results of AI....
@_date: 2018-10-30 18:39:42
Hey thanks for the thoughtful reply and taking time to do so.
I am still very suspicious of crypto and digital coins in general for a number of other reasons.  I do agree however that this system is far superior to the fiat currency.  I am a bit concerned that it is strickly digital as that itself lends to problems.  For example, loss of power, the need for constant use of phones and computers to complete transactions, the ability for the gov to monitor every single transaction everywhere.   
These may sound like crazy ideas but looking at what is going on in China right now with their [social credit system]( you have to check this out super creepy and is why I am beginning to question this strictly digital thing.  If your access to the internet is banned like the journalist in this article, your fucked no more money no more use of your money.  I know that you can technically use a VR code but how long will that work well for you without access to the web?
Thanks again for your time.  
@_date: 2019-03-23 01:29:51
Ah right but this is going to change the world for the better right?  This is our ticket to freedom!!!  WTF wait what, they are going to make it a bank, with fractional reserves.... lmfao
Soon this may all become clear and the giant elephant will step into the light. 
@_date: 2019-03-30 19:36:17
Right, I understand.  But I can get insurance to cover my crops and house.  I have 0 protections in the crypto world due to the nature of the coins at the moment.  Fraud is hard to come back from and there is 0 recourse for theft.
So right now I would take my chances with real goods and things I need to survive, as land will also appreciate if the fiat fails. 
@_date: 2019-03-29 19:01:34
So what about all the exchanges that have indeed removed trust from the crypto market.  Oh and all the ICO scams.  Perhaps we need some sort of trust mechanism because people fucking suck
@_date: 2018-10-31 00:52:06
Yea has me a bit concerned really, but my skeptical mind says that crypto was put forth as the defacto answer to the worlds currency issues when the paper monies fail.   
I do not like the fact that this tech, is just that tech and it can and will be used against us if the gov has any say to it.   But alas, what are we to do as people of the earth.  
@_date: 2019-03-30 00:43:24
Well based on bitcoin economics land and shelter will only continue to rise in price of fiat?  So I am really surprised by the argument against buying land and a home, getting food and water security.  Which are the basics of human survival and what everyone is looking for when they retire.  
So by your logic what do we just buy bitcoin and sit in cave and pray to the crypto gods that someday it goes to the moon so we can afford to buy what will be then even more overpriced neccesities of life?
Falsehood is putting your faith in some digital figment of your imagination instead of the basics of human survival.  
Labor is your own and people that would work for you.  Capital means things that you can use to create value with land, and labor.  
I am surprised that I need to go over this as you have clearly devalued the basic means of producing wealth, yes real tangible wealth are created with land, labor and capital.  This is the entire basis of economics.
Even if they default globally there will just be a debt jubilee.  I am sure you have heard of such things before.  The currency destruction will not stop the military nor the governments.  They still have gold and bullets.  
@_date: 2019-03-23 01:28:34
LOL, so simple this is really an amazing technology.  What could go wrong?
@_date: 2018-10-30 21:43:19
You know, I have talked with a few people many times about this and your the first to change my mind a bit.  Thanks man for the level headed and thoughtful responses.   
I am thinking a healthy mix of gold, silver and a splash of crypto may not be a bad savings plan.  
I agree that this messes with the IMF and the current banking systems as far as they cannot just print into infinity.  
@_date: 2018-10-02 04:13:20
Do you know how many coins this Satoshi has?
@_date: 2018-10-30 16:48:52
Great stuff, more people should see this.  I mean doesn't it piss you off that a bag of chips is only 4 oz now?   Go to mexico and the same bag is 16 oz and completely full.
@_date: 2018-10-31 02:53:34
I agree man, tough times right now to start any sort of business.  I am a serial entrepreneur and am looking for the next thing.   Right now I am just putting money into things that save money, farming, gardening, raising animals, tools.   
But I agree, the bullion is a saving account basically.  It tends to keep up with inflation at least.  I have yet to get into crypto, but just like you said I would rather find a revenue source that is stable. 
Anyway thanks again EvilDads. 
@_date: 2018-10-31 17:09:17
Wait just a minute.  This was released on Halloween by a anonymous person and will likely be the first global currency??
The is the creepiest shit I have heard all year.   Disguised as the solution to our problems....  Or perhaps created by AI.....   Wtf.
@_date: 2018-06-27 20:50:10
Seems like a rather irresponsible position due to the fact we are talking about a global currency, which has been the objective of the ruling class for centuries. 
I would say this video and most articles I have seen are leaving out the most obvious and likely option, This was created by the ruling class and Satoshi is just a fake identity. 
@_date: 2019-02-02 01:02:45
Yea crypto is a terrible solution to our larger problem, corruption at every level of government and banking.  Why not address the core issue instead of what appears to be a very scam-able system of crypto's?
@_date: 2019-02-02 03:58:26
You don't think any government can sieze your coins?  Haha, that is laughable.  They will jail you until you give up your tokens.  
All these grandiose claims of crypto are, from what I can tell, just claims.  This entire tech is designed from a problem with our current monetary system, instead of attempting to solve our current problem.  We created some amazingly complex and energy intensive attempt to circumvent it.  
Just wait until the governments control all the mining capabilities, then you will see what will happen.
@_date: 2019-02-02 01:00:55
But but but... if its anonymous who do you sue?
@_date: 2019-02-02 19:08:52
They can completely manipulate the price of almost everything, what makes you think crypto would be immune to this?  Have you heard of the LIBOR scandal?  They, being big banks and gov's, have been manipulating the price of damn near everything.
@_date: 2019-02-02 03:59:25
Why is that funny?  Do you not adjust every price over time due to inflation?  Which is a part of our current economic system?
@_date: 2019-02-02 01:09:54
If you scam someone out of their coins, either by selling a bad item or just stealing their coins. There is 0 recourse for anyone to ever get their coins back. 
@_date: 2019-02-02 19:10:27
Honestly, I think for myself and read a good amount of books and articles.  Here is one you should read.
51% wins, unless you want to constantly have to continue to switch coins every time they gain control...
@_date: 2019-02-02 00:54:37
Based on the assumption that you are anonymous using a digital currency?   Which from what I can tell is next to impossible to accomplish.  All digital currencies seem to be completely the opposite of anonymous.
@_date: 2019-02-02 00:00:00
Lol you guys and your assumptions that this "currency" will moon!!  I highly doubt it will be worth much more than it currently is in 20 years.   Likely will be pegged to gold and silver which also have stayed relatively stable for the last 20 years adjusted for inflation.
Unless, hyperinflation happens to your particular currency I do not see bitcoin as ever going to the moon due to its flaws and lack of accountability. 
@_date: 2019-04-07 19:35:56
Well, this concept of capiltalism is based on the idea of a free market.  Which we have never actually had.  There has always been a semi monopoly or barrier of entry on the access to land.  The basis of capitalism is as you say the ability of people to control the means of production, land, labor and capital.   
We have always had a barrier on the access of land, which is a basic means of producing wealth.  Therefore, we have never really had this fictitious concept of free markets, it has always been a sort of corporatocracy.  
The corporation is a sociopath, without the benefits it receives from government, which it has gained through corruption and collusion, it would not be able to compete with mom and pop shops.  As you say, the small business cannot compete due to taxation, we do not receive the same benefits that the corporations receive.
This predicament will always lead to a concentration of wealth that we see today and that we saw in the feudal times.   The idea of trickle down is a complete farce.   No matter what we do, this concentration of wealth will always continue in the favor of corporations.  
So in this case, the means of production are controlled by corporations, not the people.  Therefore we do not have capitalism we have corporatocracy or fascism.   
If you want to group with your friends and start a corporation you will need money.  With the current economics of scale there is almost no way to compete with these multinational corporations.  So unless you know a billionaire that is wiling to risk large amounts of their capital to help you and your friends start a company.  You only really have a small chance to make it work.  
That being said there are always opportunities on the cutting edge of innovation, but these are small waves of opportunity.
Thanks for the discussion, it is nice to talk these concepts out and explain them as it helps me better understand this information and often forces me to research topics.
@_date: 2019-04-23 03:04:43
People that buy cars with their bitcoin did NOT Hodl....
@_date: 2019-04-23 03:47:31
Gold was made illegal and you were required to turn it into the government during FDR's administration.  It didn't fail it was made illegal by the government.  
This can happen to anything even precious crypto.
@_date: 2019-04-07 02:58:00
I am wondering if many people even know what Segwit is anyway?  
[  
This is the best thread I have found explaining what segwit actually is and the problem it attempts to solve.  Which mind you it doesn't completely solve this problem at all.  
@_date: 2019-04-07 01:05:00
You know all this hype about bitcoin being the solution to the problem, when the truth is likely that it is capitalism that is the root of the problem here.  
This is just a result of capitalism.  You cannot fix this problem with any amount of new currency, this issue is the nature of the corporation and government.
@_date: 2019-04-02 02:37:21
So upon some further reading into the who Segwit issues.  This has come to my attention as a huge problem with bitcoin.
"Malleability is a problem when one creates a transaction T2 that spends the output of a transaction T1 that has not been confirmed yet. That capability seems to be essential to the functioning of the LN. Or to those poor deluded souls who still dream of getting merchants and services accept 0-conf transactions as payments.
Any prankster (not just the sender) could take T1, malleate it into T1m (which will have a different ID), and send T1m to the miners. If they confirm T1m instead of T1, transaction T2 will become invalid. Ditto if T1 is confirmed, but the block is orphaned and its replacement confirms T1m instead.
Thus the malleability bug forces everyone to wait for at least 1 confirmation of T1, preferably 2 or 3 -- and inspect the blockchain -- before even writing a transaction T2 that spends its outputs."
From this [thread](
@_date: 2019-04-01 01:44:16
Government is the rule by force and the threat of violence.  We know that positions of authority corrupt humans.  It is by design that governments will always corrupt due to the fact that certain groups of people can enforce laws with guns.  
We give them power to steal from everyone with guns, what could go wrong?
Someday we will grow up and realize we can do everything without this group of people with guns.  
@_date: 2019-04-08 13:49:18
Your basing this train of thought on what exactly?  I am pretty sure that most computer engineers disagree.  As bitcoin is full of really serious issues. 
@_date: 2019-04-07 21:28:48
I have no idea why everyone in this arena is so fixated on the price.  I don't see how big ups and downs are helping anything related to adoption....
@_date: 2019-04-23 13:44:24
You trust Neutrino?  Do you trust the people you are buying or trading with?
@_date: 2019-04-10 23:07:39
I was just talking about this today.  Even the theory of grafity wasn't settled, even the theory of relativity isn't complete.  We will never likely understand everything about our universe. 
So how crazy is it to say this about anything else, climate change, vaccines, ect.  
Science is never settled, it should be constantly tested and re tested.
@_date: 2019-04-07 19:13:40
Tell us Mr. Genius what is Segwit and why do we need it?   What problem does it propose to solve?
@_date: 2019-04-07 02:13:41
Um, you guys really have your priorities confused.  
@_date: 2019-04-23 03:37:23
Well, good for you, good luck with that.  
I have yet to see any real proof that bitcoin is money, I have also seen a lot of really glaring issues with the tech.  Congestion built into the algorithms, the malleability of transactions are two that are really troubling.
@_date: 2019-04-15 04:34:26
This is excellent thank you for this information.  I will read that article.  I dig it.
@_date: 2019-04-05 13:34:09
I was pretty sure it was used in the computers and electronics.  
@_date: 2019-04-07 21:30:22
243 trillion in global debt a rise of 3.3 Trillion last year alone.  
Fixed it for you...
@_date: 2019-04-08 13:47:29
Nice try, it seems that the price moving is whales selling or buying and oh also a huge amount of fake traffic.
@_date: 2019-04-10 23:59:03
What about the actual real issues with bitcoin, like congestion and malleability of transactions?
@_date: 2019-04-08 13:48:17
It may have to fix the inherent problems first.   Like Segwit and the congestion issue. 
@_date: 2019-04-23 13:46:07
Can you elaborate a bit?  The US held the gold standard for a bit longer until Nixon.  Since the dollar was the reserve currency of the world gold was used for quite some time.
@_date: 2019-04-23 03:29:09
Yea, especially when you get conned out of your coins.  You will be glad you had 0 trust.
@_date: 2019-04-02 01:32:12
I dig it man thanks for the thoughtful response. 
I have pay pal and I sell glass and sometimes use their services.  It is annoying to have to worry about losing my money because of their disdain for my products.  I can see the advantages to a peer to peer monetary system.  
I had no idea about the stock to flow concept though I did know that due to mining the supply constantly increased for precious metals.  I wonder what the stock to use is for these materials?  I wasn't able to find this on a simple google search.
I like the concept of crypto I really do, I was drawn to it originally due to the philosophy.  I damn near bought some last year but had some issues with long term viability.  Which is when I started harassing both bitcoin and buttcoin subs.   
The one thing that is holding me back is the ability of the governments to control our access to the internet.  China's social credit score system coming online has shook me up a bit and I am pretty sure the US already has something like this in place but they have not yet reported it.  [Here](  F'n creepy.
I am not as much concerned with making my fortunes in crypto as I am fairly comfortable with my normal streams of revenue so this is all a thought experiment and like you said a way to sharpen my understanding of these ideas.   But at the time in which all my objections are satisfied then perhaps I will hodl a bit of coin.
@_date: 2019-04-07 01:49:53
That is probably not the best definition of capitalism, but at any rate I believe it is the concept of the corporation that one of the majors flaws.
This being is only concerned with profit, the decisions of the companies are made by only a few and not democratically.  They are required by law to make decisions that increase profit.  So basically we have created sociopaths who control the means of production of most of society.  
This is likely a very rudimentary explanation and one of many facets of issues that surround our system in the US.  Another major problem is our use of violence or the threat of violence to enforce laws.  An extension of this idea is our military and their perpetuation of violence around the world. 
The right to own and trade property are not at trait that is  exclusively capitalistic.  
Now I am not saying there are many other better systems right now, but these are some of our major issues and these concepts are often never discussed.  We are likely due for these kinds of discussions.  A first step would be to reduce the use of violence to enforce laws.
@_date: 2019-04-09 13:46:39
I never said there was less people I said the price is moving due to whales.
@_date: 2019-04-23 03:33:41
Wait you spent all your money on Bitcoins?   
So when you get a paycheck you go a buy coins with it right away?
@_date: 2018-11-23 18:01:03
Not true, increase the "value" of the coin then begin to pay people in .01 satoshi.  This is literally the same thing as printing.  If a dollar equivalent becomes .01 instead of .1 and your pay begins to reflect this, it is basically the same thing as inflation except the other direction.  But whatever use insults to prove your point, typically shows some sort of fallacy in your reasoning. 
@_date: 2018-11-25 03:48:59
Naw, sell now and write off the loss on your taxes!!! Take that IRS!!
@_date: 2018-11-25 17:09:49
I understand your points and respect your position.  The issues that I have addressed are too big to overcome in my opinion.  Using .25% of [global power]( to run the blockchain is pretty unacceptable and a waste of energy, this is before this coin is fully adopted.  Which all comes back to trust.  From what I can tell this was the only way Satoshi could come up with to avoid double spending.  Yea everyone who has coins says its a revolution in technology, but it really nothing more than a giant database, it has 0 other uses.  
So as time goes on and this system becomes more and more monstrous, governments will restrict the ability for miners to use so much of their power.  This creates really bad issues for most power grids, as seen in Philly. 
When was I comparing anything to some unrealistic idealized alternative to justify a nirvana fallacy?  
If your community is full of bad actors how do you trust them? How do you know who these actors are?  You see that you are still required to trust someone, there is no way to be in a civilization without trusting the people you are transacting with, or having a system that prevents and holds people accountable.   
This concept of bitcoin is novel, but the blockchain does not eliminate trust issues it just transfers them.  Honestly, I would rather pay people that work for Visa than spend money turning electricity into heat, just my preference of how to spend our collective energy.
To answer your question about China, these people have 0 choice and if they buck the system their social credit score goes down, which may eventually mean house arrest and loss of the internet.  
So It doesn't matter if you use Visa, a normal bank or Bitcoin if you lose your internet privileges it is going to be difficult no matter the scenario.  Cash is king in this case. 
So an idea would just be create an open source payment processor, using the already efficient systems that are in place, say AWS.  Problem solved.
Any way, good discussion.  
@_date: 2018-11-22 23:34:43
Yep all these claims about bitcoin are turning out to be pretty false.  Decentralized my ass.  
Energy consumption through the roof.  
Lots more paradoxes  indeed. 
But if you bought the Bitcoin Koolaid there isn't much that can be done for you  
@_date: 2018-11-23 03:25:43
Can source any info regarding energy usage being blown out of proportion?
I don't understand, how can a transaction be off chain?  When are they accounted for then?
Cash doesn't require much resources, paypal also doesn't require these issues.  There will also be audits, check and balance as well as law enforcement for crypto.  That can be seen with all the scams happening.  So to say this isn't an issue for crypto is a real problem.


This is what I am saying and if it actually becomes a bonefide currency in the future, it will be gambled with more and more.  Big problems I am seeing. 
@_date: 2018-11-16 03:46:51
I would really like to hear your response to this.  
It seems to be a lot of problems long term with crypto.  
Ahh the myth of decentralization... Economics typically will concentrate miners due to efficiency and profit motives.  So this is really a myth and is not true at all.  
@_date: 2018-11-22 07:14:00
Perhaps but wouldn't his family have been willed his BTC?
@_date: 2018-11-23 18:06:52
This is more fallacy and wishful thinking as societies become more controlled, having only digital currency will be a real problem. 


Wow ok, now I am seeing the real problems here, do you hold your opinion or perspective higher than TRUTH?  This is why society crumbles because everyone believe their persecpective is as good as gold.  LMFAO
To answer your question, YES, I am seeking the truth, which means if given other information I will change my point of view if it holds true.  This is how you are suppose to find truth.  WTF is wrong with people these days?
@_date: 2018-11-23 03:22:13
Well the entire claim to fame is that bitcoin is decentralized and therefore uncomfortable, that it will prevent rapid inflation due to its scarcity.  But that is a farce and not true at all.  Like we can see from all the forks.  It also is not decentralized as the miners are being more concentrated by the day.  
You also decided to discredit the simple issues here and again no one has sourced any thing to back up your claims.
"Whereas goods derive worth from their value when consumed, currency derives worth from the belief that it will be accepted as for payment and/or hold its value *in the future*. Expect it to be worthless in the future, and it becomes worthless now. If new cryptocurrencies emerge to resolve the problems of the current crop, then todays will get displaced and be rendered worthless. Unless of course, existing ones can adopt whatever new features the newbies come up with. But because the previous six paradoxes are so intrinsic to existing private cryptocurrencies, I just dont think they can."
There are huge flaws with the current crop of coins, hence all the forks.  Which also doubles the amount of coins in circulation.  Thus the one of the paradoxes with the claims.  I am glad you are bored when talking about such fundamental concepts with these crypto's but I am really trying to get to the root of the issues here.
@_date: 2018-11-23 23:01:59
I see your point but totally disagree with your concept of truth.   Truth is universal.   
Science is constantly trying to disprove its theories.   If it cannot be proven false then it becomes LAW.  Scientific laws = truth, at least as far as we know at the time.  This is what I am attempting to do.  I have a theory and I am seeing if any of you can prove it false.  If proven false then I will change and revise my theory.  I am not quite sure where you got off on this tangent.  And your points are rather funny. 
All this mumbo jumbo your trying to hide behind doesn't make your perspective true.    Also, I am not in a static state, I am attempting to find out if any of you Bitcoin people are speaking truth or dogma.  It is rather clear that you may have a rather large conflict of interest and I am barking up the wrong tree here.  
Either way, thanks for your time it has been enlightening. 
@_date: 2018-11-22 22:35:56
Well, its not really an improvement in my eyes, this crypto thing has been treated as a stock from day one.  Also, it uses more KW's per transaction than any other system on the planet. [Source](vice)
@_date: 2018-11-23 20:27:14
This is what I am saying I am looking for facts, which no one is sourcing.  
I don't see how you are equating what I said to looking for an authority to tell me the truth.  I am saying I am offering my opinion with sources as to where I formulated those opinions.  
Yet all you "science" types offer your opinions with no source for the information.  The reason my I am struggling to understand your perspective is because it come with no evidence.    Now you attempt to belittle me and are derailing the discussion with ideas of evolution.  
Have a good day. 
@_date: 2018-11-17 01:25:22
There are a lot of problems with bitcoin as a currency, for one.  You have to hodl to keep the price up.  
What happens when everyone starts selling their coins for real goods?  When amazon has all the bitcoins what happens then?  How do they get back to the average folks.  I am really curious because I do not really see this crypto thing taking off.  
It also seems that a lot of the talking points are untrue.  In particular decentralization, that seems to be proven untrue as economics of scale always tends to concentrate commerce. 
@_date: 2018-11-23 20:37:17
I never offered investment advice.  Just saying that real tangible things provide a better currency than what I am seeing from Bitcoin right now.  
I may be incorrect and I am prepared for that, as my investments are in tangible goods that provide value and can create things of wealth.  If bitcoin becomes a currency great I can make things with my tools and capital and trade that for bitcoin.  
It seems to me that most of the hype is centering around how this is come great investment, its going to "moon".  Its decentralized, its anonymous(seemed an initial claim), its secure.   
Most of these claims are being proven false, the concept that this currency is going to moon is interesting to me, I understand the idea that fiat will inflate and thus leaving bitcoin at a higher price than any particular fiat.   But some countries are moving to back their currencies again with gold, like china.  I am not offering advice just my perspectives, and the entire point of me continually posting these counterpoints is so that if I am wrong, one of you coiners will point me to the right information so that I can change my incorrect positions.
This is the point of debate, at least for me.  So yet, I have seen no evidence to support any of the BTC claims.  
The reason the metals have a cultural throne is that they are durable, will last literally forever, they have a limited supply and lots of other uses.  They are tangible and meet all the requirements of a good [currency](
Bitcoins seems to fail to meet a few of these requirements and due to the increasing totalitarion nature of governments these days, access to the internet may not continue to be a basic right.  Ask the folks in china who have to low of a [social credit score](
To me these are all issues that I have yet to find the information to over come.  Therefore I am still on the fence about crypto in general.  
Thank you for your time.
@_date: 2018-11-16 03:57:52
Forks are a way of inflating the currency and pretty much debunks the idea that this crypto is limited in supply.
@_date: 2018-11-22 23:38:14
Yes you are likely a fool.  
@_date: 2018-11-25 05:20:29
OK so I misread the article and yes its from 4 years ago.  I was mistaken about the 50%.
I will check back in another 10 years and see if Bitcoin has begun to operate in the environment it was designed for.  I have also read lots of the manuals and specs and none are impressive enough to buy the bike. 
Never trust the establishment, but I will trust certain companies like Visa and American express because they have a vested interest to become more efficient and to hold up their end of the bargain.   They also have methods to restore your funds if you have been scammed.  Paypal also has these features, and if someone sends me a empty box there is a method to recoup my loses.  Bitcoin is the opposite and you have to trust exchanges to not scam you with 0 recourse.  
You must see that these claims are not holding water, you still have to trust, miners, devs, and exchanges.  Nothing different with banks.  I don't hold much USD, because I don't like fiat.  I don't really like banks so they get a very small % of my funds.  I hold things that have real value, gold, silver, guns/ammo, land.  I put my extra money into things that can create value, tools, equipment, livestock, infrastructure.   I am not trying to give you advice but this is what I do to vote with my dollars against fiat.
So far I am not seeing the value, effectiveness/usefulness of crypto. I also don't see that any of these claims are holding true at all.  Most of the benefits seems to be negatives and this "currency" is being treated as a commodity/investment vehicle.  
I don't expect to change your mind, I come to debate to try to find the truth.  


This is the only useful feature of crypto, to move money.  Also you cannot claim what Satoshi's intentions are as I don't see where this figure has said anything.   To me the most plausible reason for anonymity is because he was creating the largest ponzi scheme in history and wanted to make sure no one knew when it came crashing down.   (This is just a valid as your claim, which is strictly speculation)
@_date: 2018-11-24 05:31:17
Before you go to much farther, you might want to read this.
@_date: 2018-11-24 05:45:40
Bitcoin may be a giant pyramid scheme, you might want to stop if you cannot afford to lose it all.
@_date: 2018-11-25 03:32:47
You can't be bothered eh?  
The current cost of mining is greater than the price of bitcoin, for most miners.  What this means is there will be less miners and more centralization.  
51% attacks are a real issue and one pool currently has 50% control..... 
Again 0 sources but I will continue to entertain.  
I cannot grasp a system that claims to be decentralized and isn't. 
Lets imaging, that fiat is decentralized because everyone holds dollars but could at any time choose to sell those dollars for gold.  So it doesn't matter that dollar are printed in three mints in the US because people could choose to just stop using the dollars or switch to gold.  You see how this logic doesn't work right?  
The problem is, you cannot ever get your coins back if they are stolen, or if you pay someone and they ship you an empty box of nothing.   So the "benefits" of crypto are really a disadvantage.    
@_date: 2018-11-16 05:02:21
You may have to hodl to keep the price stable.... or 
@_date: 2018-11-22 23:30:56
Your wrong it uses more energy than an house in a week, and will continue to rise and the blocks gain in size.  [Source}(
I take it you didn't read the article also.  That image looks fine and dandy but Bitcoin is nothing more than a scam in my eyes.  It has been treated like a stock from day one and doesn't meet any of the claims that everyone is parroting.
@_date: 2018-11-17 02:13:31
They have a giant chuck that's for sure.  But luckily the Fed has the printers cranked up and we can all wait for them to make it rain.  
But no for real, if there is a limited supply and if it ends up being concentrated in the hands of the corporations like money is now.  How do average folks get their hands on it?  They would literally need to be paid in fractions of coins right?
@_date: 2018-11-25 05:07:21
Lots of logical fallacies in your response, Strawmen are numerous.  
Blockchain is literally useless, except for this experiment in crypto. 
I don't expect you to change your mind and was just seeing if any of you had any real answers to my questions and that has been seen.  Thank you for your time. 
@_date: 2018-11-23 00:44:49
Seems legit to me.  Do you have information to the contrary?
@_date: 2018-11-23 00:47:18
I may be incorrect about block size but I would like to see other information about power consumption.   None of you guys talking down to what I am saying are posting any sources whatsoever.....
@_date: 2018-11-23 21:28:25
Source does not equal authority, it provides evidence to support your positions.
Truth and facts absolutely do not equal religion and bias.  How can you claim to be scientific and believe that shit?
You cannot hold two conflicting ideas in your mind without literally injuring your brain.  If you try and do this, it is called [cognitive dissonance]( and will eventually rewire your mind and reduce the communication between the hemispheres of your brain.
Now you can entertain other ideas and not accept them but to form a belief or opinion requires acceptance of a concept.  
My attempt to have meaningful discussions here in the bitcoin sub have been completely unsettling.  As most people like yourself tend to attempt to take a high horse stand point rather than try and get to the truth.  Which is what leads me to be more and more skeptical of your positions.  
I have done a lot of homework, but I cannot possibly find all the meaningful documents with google. That is why I come here and poke holes in your arguments so that some of you can site the sources that have led you to such staunch positions.  Which to date I have received three. 
So to summarize, what you have said;




Is complete garbage and as a man of science as you say you are you should be ashamed.
@_date: 2018-11-23 22:08:43
Thanks will do
@_date: 2018-11-16 04:58:48
I say this well written article today.  Raises a lot of good points
@_date: 2019-01-17 00:17:03
Well if you pay in cash its in person and you can usually hold the item in your hand.  
If it is cash via your bank, there are piles of fraud protections via visa and mastercard.  
With crypto you have 0 protection from fraud.  If this isn't clear yet than you have indeed drank the kool-aid. 
@_date: 2019-01-20 20:51:36
bahah, haha haha ha ha erm.... haven't a pile of crypto exchanges already been hacked?
@_date: 2018-11-22 07:15:01
@_date: 2018-11-23 17:58:50
Gold and Silver bud.  Bitcoin has 0 intrinsic value and if a better idea comes out tomorrow it will be worthless. 
@_date: 2018-11-22 22:33:12
@_date: 2019-01-18 05:17:35
An internet shop with a store front???  WTF
@_date: 2018-11-22 22:32:59
But this is a fallacy, economics of scale have shown that mining has only become more centralized.  
@_date: 2019-01-11 17:33:11
Just imagine!!! lol.  Except that it has been 10 years and all bitocoin has going for it are a few one way ATM's that will take your cash but you cannot cash out bitcoin.  lmfao
@_date: 2018-11-23 04:15:11
Hey Thanks for taking time out of your day to answer some of my questions.  I will look into what lighting is trying to do.   
I do not agree with all your points but I don't think I need to beat a dead horse here.  
@_date: 2018-11-17 02:46:13
What a scam. Its just like printing money
@_date: 2018-11-22 07:14:43
Right I would not want to constantly stand against all the negative claims either.  
@_date: 2018-11-23 00:44:28
Do you have a source?  
@_date: 2018-11-23 21:36:47
I will continue on my road of research, thanks for the level headed responses. 
@_date: 2018-11-16 03:48:29
@_date: 2019-01-06 17:26:03
Ahh I see these are one way machines, and not true automated tellers.  No one has answered my question yet do they allow you to take cash out?
@_date: 2019-01-18 05:17:01
Good for you, most folks have lost their ass.   Crypto isn't a get rich scheme..... Its not an investment.... its suppose to be a tool/currency.
@_date: 2018-11-25 03:05:58
For one, there have been countless scams and theft of Bitcoins and 0 ways to right those wrongs.  Bitcoin is just ripe for fraud.  There is no way to actually enforce ownership and if your coins are stolen from you courts or law can do nothing.  So to me this is a huge flaw.
At least with ore mining you have something of value when your done, something useful to humanity.  With bitcoins you have nothing but spent energy, and just because it cost you a lot of power to solve the problem does not make that thing valuable.  


This is a fallacy, again just because it was expensive to produce does not make it valuable.  
I know that you are upset with the current system we all are.  But just because these claims of decentralization are made does not make them true.  In fact, there are three mining pools at any time if one of these pools controls 51% of the mining all bets are off they can do all sorts of trickery.  Not to mention the Developers power.  so these claims are rather false and misleading. 
The government literally warned about similar scams in 98 just before bitcoin came online.  
Blockchains are pretty useless and anti-efficient.  This technology has been around for 10 years, the same amount of time as android.  It has 0 real world applications except this coin scheme.  Which again throws out our real problems, mainly an environmental catastrophe, in order to attempt to solve our financial problems, being fiat.  I really think this coin fails to solve any problems and has huge underlying issues. 
Thanks for your time, I just strongly disagree with your positions.
@_date: 2019-01-16 21:09:41
Or it may cause more stress because you will have 0 recourse if the merchant decides to send you a box of dog shit.  
10 years later and we are still waiting for anything of substance.....
@_date: 2019-01-12 01:24:08
Its funny you suggest tunnel vision.   Here allow me to illiminate your the bitcoin situation.
It appears that this is a valiant attempt to solve a problem, but is based on hype and claims that have yet to be proven.  10 years later.  0 adoption of the "revolutionary" blockchain tech in any other industry, due to the fact there are many other much more elegant and simpler solutions.
The problem may indeed be central banks and governments but this is not solving the problem nor will it ever.
@_date: 2018-11-22 23:25:58
They can literally just add decimal places to the bitcoins, which is the same exact thing as printing money.  This bitcoin thing is not going to hold up at all. 
@_date: 2018-11-17 03:10:13
Right I see.  Just curious and using Amazon as an example, which they do buy other people shit so.  You answered my questions thanks.
@_date: 2018-11-22 07:13:37
Agreed, this is a fairly plausible option.
@_date: 2018-11-22 23:24:54
Lol, this is really just starting to be funny to me.   This is really a terrible solution and doesn't actually do anything that it claims.  On top of that it uses more KW per transaction than any other form of payment processing on the planet.  
Thanks but, nope not gonna make it.
@_date: 2018-11-24 17:41:40
Well, you have just agreed that bitcoin gets more and more inefficient.  Just because the old banking systems suck does not mean bitcoin is the right solution for our planet.  No one really wants a blockchain, it is most likely the least effecient way to do any sort of computer programing.  
Bitcoin is highly centralized, 3 mining pools, it is at the whim of the developers and at any time if the mining pools gain 51% they can literally do whatever they want.  
No one hacks the blockchain, why would you attack the strongest point of the system.  But people have stolen bitcoins or scammed people out of them.  In this case there is 0 recourse to get your coins back or to track down the criminal.
Again Crypto's are not decentralized and will continue to centralize more in the future. 
@_date: 2018-11-22 02:58:53
Why would someone that created such a "revolutionary" technology choose to be anonymous? 
I would list a few options, please feel free to add:
1. Didn't want to defend the ideology involving Bitcoin due to its paradoxes. (
2. Was created by an AI and is not an actual currency at all. 
3. Was created by Shadow governments to be the "world currency" 
4. Tell me the other option as to why someone would want to be anonymous because if this is as revolutionary as every is making it out to be, wouldn't you want the rewards and acclaim?
5.  Perhaps the person is really shy and doesn't want the fame...
@_date: 2018-11-23 03:16:33
The use of such amount of electricity to continue a currency seems absurd.  Gold, silver, cash do not have these requirement at all.  They are much more environmentally friendly than a Bitcoin. 
Just because a you believe bitcoin is incentivized to be energy efficient doesn't mean it is efficient.  
I agree cars are a huge problem, there are literally more cars on the planet than people.  But there is nothing an average person can do, due to Gov/Corporate collusion.   I also harsh on corruption quite a bit, but it does little good.  
The reason why I am suggesting the counter points to bitcoin is so that one of you supporters can offer some real evidence on how it is my opinions are incorrect.  Which to date, no one has sourced any evidence to back up their claims.  Not one sited source.  Basically I am left to take your word for it.  
@_date: 2018-11-24 04:44:19
Oh please don't let them read this.  
It may make them sell the bitcoins and buy anything else..... haha
@_date: 2018-04-15 05:50:35
Or it could be skynet running in the background...
@_date: 2017-05-26 02:26:46
Personally I am investing in myself, in the form of land, food, water, shelter and multiple streams of revenue. I currently have a small holding in precious metals as well and guns, which I believe guns to be the supreme form of investment over almost all else.
I am still not sold on the whole online currency thing, I really believe this to be just another tool of the current terrible system we have. I am yet to see the real info that show this is distributed control and not just ending up in the hands of the largest computer owners, ie governments and big corporations.
@_date: 2017-05-26 01:36:13
Doesn't this scare anyone?   I mean all these digital coins are literally depended on power, and the internet being free and open.  
Personally I am investing in myself, in the form of land, food, water, shelter and multiple streams of revenue.  I currently have a small holding in precious metals as well and guns, which I believe guns to be the supreme form of investment over almost all else.
I am still not sold on the whole online currency thing, I really believe this to be just another tool of the current terrible system we have.  I am yet to see the real info that show this is distributed control and not just ending up in the hands of the largest computer owners, ie governments and big corporations.
@_date: 2017-05-07 17:35:59
meanwhile silver and gold are down huge!  Seems a bit strange to me
@_date: 2019-05-01 02:09:25
I will say this again, crypto is a creation of the current establishment, it has 0 to do with personal freedom.  Created with lots of propaganda about how this is a way to fight the system, this will be a way to further control people.
@_date: 2018-12-20 02:46:44
This is probably due to the fact that he lost his home and internet. 
@_date: 2018-12-28 15:21:55
No they went to shit due to the US and IMF fuckery
@_date: 2018-12-28 15:20:50
Now I know its a scam...
@_date: 2018-12-21 16:38:49
Is your brain broken?
There is a reason no other companies are using blockchain tech, its a waste of power and resources.  To get around the idea of trust, they have created a system that still requires trust, in the dev's, in the miners, in the exchanges.  On top of that, if you send BTC to someone and they scam you, you have 0 recourse.  Where is the trust now?  There is no way to avoid requiring trust. 
All the claims of fame surrounding Bitcoin have been proven to be just claims, I don't see a single one that is still holding.  
Now the mantra is HODL so you can make a lot of money when the currency "moons".  This is really funny as a currency is designed to be used not as an investment vehicle.  
But if your brain is damaged you may have a hard time understanding.  
@_date: 2018-12-21 00:21:32
Sorry to break it to everyone but the idea is sound, the blockchain is not....
@_date: 2018-12-07 03:46:47
It seems the writing is on the wall for this little scheme, tether is a prime example.  If you are smart I would cut your losses and realize you bought the Kool-aid.  
A "currency" is a means to purchase things not an investment for your future.  
@_date: 2018-12-03 21:40:22
Oh Oh oh price price price, yea more price the better, price is good. price is everything.  priceless.......  
@_date: 2018-12-03 21:44:07
Well if you have 10 billion dollars, you can buy and the price will go up, then you slowly sell and the price falls.  Rinse and repeat = profit!!
So you see why bitcoin is in trouble and has been from the start, well this is just one reason.  After the libor scandal was publicized it is hard to imagine anything in this crazy world escaping the manipulation of the powers that be.  
@_date: 2017-06-14 00:16:48
This has been my suspicion all along is that friends of the government will get "grants" to start mining.  Once the chains are of a certain size only the government and its friends will be able to create new coins.  Thus we are damn near right back to the good ole Fed Reserve type system where the currency is heavily manipulated and controlled.
@_date: 2017-05-26 02:46:34
Why are people "investing" in such a volatile commodity that has 0 intrinsic value?   What if the power goes out or our form of internet gets fucked with by the gov?  
I fail to see how this is a good place to put your money especially for investing.  Isn't this suppose to be a form of currency?
@_date: 2018-12-02 19:54:22
This will always happen and has been proven in the Libor scandal.  They have literally been manipulating the price of everything.  So the way that bitcoin is setup right now allows for this kind of Bullshit to happen.  
This thing is setup like stocks not a currency, therefore your gonna get scammed.  How many exchanges are around and how many payment apps or systems????  WTF is wrong with bitcoin and the community, all you guys want is the price to rise....
@_date: 2018-12-27 01:22:50
So can you cash your bitcoin out on these machines or is it one way only?
@_date: 2017-06-03 04:42:53
Yea man, for real  
@_date: 2018-12-27 02:19:52
Can you get cash out?  Like USD or real currency?
@_date: 2018-12-03 21:42:27
Well since a lot of the problems with bitcoin have come to light, this may be all that is left to rally behind.  
@_date: 2017-06-17 16:33:12
I have always thought that using food or some sort of nutrition metric would be a very good basis for currency as nutrition is a baseline for human productivitity.  Then this would make all the farmers of the world bankers.  
Not sure how you could help measure nutrition vs mass produced nothing foods.  But if we could ohhh man, most small scale farmers are salt of the earth people. 
@_date: 2018-12-03 21:41:15
aww damn I came here to say this, and just did, now I see how unoriginal my post was.  haha nicely done.
@_date: 2017-06-03 04:42:45
I'll just leave this hear, you can ad hominem if you choose or you can actually read the news.  
In addition, gold and silver markets are extremely manipulated by the paper gold and silver notes. 
@_date: 2017-06-30 03:07:42
I understand that but I feel that it directly relates to productivity and if you could account for nutrition somehow it would help make the good farmers the bankers.   Who seem for the most part at least around me, to rather fine people. 
@_date: 2017-06-03 00:26:15
Yep another scheme of the big banks and financial system that will certainly allow them to control price.  Just like they do with everything else, gold, silver, interest rates, bond rates.  They have openly stated that they fix everything and all that people talk about is Trump or some shit.
@_date: 2017-06-03 00:24:29
Came here to say this, this is not good for bitcoin to be traded like stocks and they will almost certainly develop some sort of paper bullshit trading trick like they do with silver and gold to manipulate the markets and price.
@_date: 2018-12-25 18:38:38
10 years since its creation and there is from what I can tell 0 adoption outside crypto of the blockchain.  You know why?  It is the most inefficient way to do anything.
@_date: 2017-06-29 14:15:38
Definition of fungible
    1
    :  being something (such as money or a commodity) of such a nature that one part or quantity may be replaced by another equal part or quantity in paying a debt or settling an account Oil, wheat, and lumber are fungible commodities. fungible goods
@_date: 2017-06-29 04:22:14
It will end up being run by the large governments and corporations, I feel like this is a trick to turn the world into a digital currency.  Not to mention the fact that most operations are not like this and use massive amounts of fossil fuels to generate coins.  
Why not base money on food?
@_date: 2018-12-18 02:27:32
