@_author: twonkos
@_date: 2018-05-20 04:24:47
Well, maybe we can social engineer the solution or find some clues. 
Looking at the inner white circle, the words "(see) block chain transaction" kinda stick out due to their huge font size (additionally there is an arrow "&lt;=" pointing at "chain")
[Clue  and the word combinations "hashing earlier" and "creator checks" brought me to the idea to check Stackexchange.
Interestingly, there is this question that was asked 4 months ago,
[How to generate a valid hash for a bip39 seed phrase?]( It already had some helping answers previously, but there was another one that was posted 26 hours ago (2 hours prior the initial transaction of 1BTC to the bounty address). I mean who knows, maybe the author was looking for ways to conceal the answer and wanted to help out the community at the same time.
Furthermore, if you check the authors profile on Stackexchange, you will notice that his avatar is some acryl painting suggesting that this guy is into arts. Now this might be a relevant clue due to the fact that  &lt;-&gt; , is very related to arts. What also caught my eye was the fact that this guy edited his answer two times during the last 22 hours despite the fact that this question is about 4 months old and was previously answered. It is also mentionable that he has some serious knowledge in terms of crypto [and especially crypto wallets]( and here you have to remember that someone who invents these riddles knows exactly what and how he is doing it.
If you look further into [this answer]( you can see that the author is emphasizing the utilization of "Bitcoin explorer's (subcommand mnemonic-new)" which correlates with the subliminal message "(see) block chain transaction" from the given picture. 
Now from this point, there could be two (or maybe more) approaches regarding the clue "hashing earlier" (Haven't tried to check these yet):
1. A combination of BIP39 words could be hashed into a Base16 string that is evenly divisble by 32 bits (requirement for bx mnemonic new) and then be used to create a BIP39 seed (for the bounty address)
2. Or you could **somehow** derive a Base16 string from the picture, with the same criteria as mentioned above which could also be used to create a BIP39 seed through (bx mnemonic-new)
Another random thought I came up due to [this comment]( (maybe another clue?), was to check the hex address  of the original picture, take the next 32 bytes beginning from 00212121&amp;00212120 and use them to create 2 BIP39 seeds. But both of them lead to empty addresses.
Maybe this is way too much overthinking, but it never hurts to try unorthodox approaches.
