@_author: two-thumbs
@_date: 2018-01-21 22:28:37
Not true, according to the IRS. There are no “like kind exchanges” with crypto. Sell some Bitcoin for Ether or Tether, according to the IRS you must pay taxes on the difference between what you paid for the BTC and the current market price of BTC. Tether doesn’t help you at all here.
@_date: 2018-01-22 17:11:27
Holy cow. What’s to stop them from issuing 100 million Tether for their own account, then buying 100 million worth of BTC which they then use to back the Tether? Wash, rinse, repeat.
As long as BTC goes up, they make a handy profit when they unwind the transaction. And if BTC plummets, it’s the holders of Tether that get screwed in the end. It’s a game of “heads I win, tails you lose” while standing to make a ton of money while not violating their TOS. 
This will end in tears.
@_date: 2018-01-22 08:15:36
Please explain.
@_date: 2018-01-21 22:59:10
Supposedly, they have 1:1 backing with their cash “reserves” on deposit with a bank, covering 1:1 the value of every Tether printed. Mark my words, when this implodes: the artful use of “reserves” is what confuses people, creates a false sense of confidence, and has allowed them to print money. For example, they could have $100 million of money received for Tether, $200 million of cash held on behalf of customers (not for Tether), and $300 million in the bank pledged against, for example, an operating loan or Letter of Credit. 
In most people’s minds, only $100 million Tether would exist given that the rest of the money is already pledged to other owners.
And we can hope that’s the case. 
However, they may have the additional $500 million on deposit with the bank, as part of their “reserves”, and a total of $600 million in Tether issued against it and still be technically accurate in their statements. Meanwhile, they loan out that additional Tether, exchange it for new cash (which then isn’t needed to go on deposit, since it’s already “covered”), or they can buy crypto with it and hope that the value goes up enough to dig them out of this hole. Everything is fine and nobody notices until people start withdrawing assets from Bitfinex or selling their Tether en masse. Then the music stops. All the people who held assets at Bitfinex, whether in Tether or in crypto would then (I’m assuming, having not checked Bitfinex’s small print) become unsecured creditors in bankruptcy. And the poor suckers holding Tether elsewhere are now left trying to find a buyer for pennies on the dollar, but it won’t be easy. Who wants to buy an asset that is worth zero?
If everything was on the up and up, it would be incredibly easy to have a segregated bank account with the funds used solely to back up Tether and then to make those bank balances public by publishing them periodically. This is basic stuff, it would take minutes not hours, and yet they don’t do it. Why? 
You know why.
@_date: 2018-01-22 03:11:24
They aren’t bloodhounds chasing an old trail. It’s as simple as “you bought 1 BTC for $5k and sold it when it was worth $10k, you owe us $1500. Whether you then went and bought 20 other coins doesn’t matter, except when you get audited and have to provide records of all your transactions. The IRS doesn’t operate in the realm of “innocent until proven guilty”. It’s up to you to produce records and if the trail goes cold, you are screwed.
And whenever you try and turn some coins into fiat, if you can’t prove your cost basis, it’s going to be zero. You’ll be way better off, in the above example, if you can prove you paid $5k for that coin you sold for $10k. Otherwise, you’d be paying twice as much: $3k, because you “laundered it” and can’t prove your basis. 
The IRS folks, like them or not, are not dummies and trust me, the system is stacked against you unlike in criminal law.
