@_author: txmtx
@_date: 2014-01-07 14:19:09
Sorry dude. This is just like the 18th post of this for [insert pool here] in as many days. If all the pools are getting their statistically-reasonable 4, 5, 6, 7 blocks... then why the concern? And everyone continues to misconstrue 6 blocks as a problem. 6 blocks is a problem *if and only if* it was able to be predicted by the miner with a decent certainty, *and* they initiated an attack. 6 blocks was chosen as a threshold where one could not reasonably predict (see section 7 of the whitepaper) their ability for chaining blocks.
@_date: 2014-03-12 08:36:17
Ah. Well, I'll offer an observation with some sympathy, laced with a touch of condescension, and finish with a self-deprecating caveat. I'm assuming you mean Jane Goodall, of the Institute.
Observation: Perhaps your time within this subculture is too lengthy and you've become jaded. Despite witnessing numerous atrocities and behaviors that were not happy discoveries, Jane remained a kinder ambassador. As well she should, as the one studying behavior. (Or, perhaps she'd have been the same if they spoke a mutual tongue.)
Condescending implication is of course that you may be doing a less than stellar job at resembling Goodall. 
Self-deprecating caveat: I fancy myself a young R Buckminster Fuller in spirit. But of course I have no future knowledge into how full of shit I am, so I'm at least as bad. 
@_date: 2014-01-14 20:33:24
For one, I use BofA (and USAA too) to put cash into the system, since I do naturally still wind up with cash. Or perhaps I took out more cash than I needed. I *think* I explained it pretty well, but yes, by "full Bitcoin" I really mean 99%, or, more correctly: 
*All value that I own that is not invested in the stock market (I have shares of a few stocks I believe in, some American, some not), or stored as land and property ownership (including some bars of metal, of which Palladium has been my main pick for a couple years) on planet earth, or staged as USD or other fiat for immediate use in situations where there is not yet a plausible BTC route, are held as BTC, except -- as I also said -- when BTC is doing a swan dive (in which case I typically swap for mostly CNY in the short-term)*.
EDIT: Don't downvote the man without checking his posts. He doesn't have a history of trolling r/bitcoin so it's a legitimate question, afaict.
@_date: 2014-04-17 14:16:17
Indeed. Whatever is created *feel* at least as clean as CC does now, for both users and merchants. Plenty of things occurring behind the curtain, and some of which are expensive on both the user and the merchant, but it's so far removed that you can't consider that as a very strong incentive. People know cigarettes kill too. Results that are too far removed from just "hot stove, hand burned" don't work, smart as humans think they are. So it needs to be at least as good, and probably plainly better. The background incentives will become important, but if we must teach grad-level crypto and economics to everyone, this will never fly.
@_date: 2014-06-14 18:04:54
This is probably in reference to the statement yesterday by PetaHash that they intend to move to p2pool. 
@_date: 2014-04-03 07:36:48
There is an answer, even given the hypothetical that Bitcoin becomes the far-dominant currency / means of exchange. 
@_date: 2014-01-05 08:24:48
Haha, yes. This. 
@_date: 2014-06-22 06:17:05
That's kinda cool too. 
@_date: 2014-06-05 18:37:34
His twitter is on fire about this shit right now. I respectfully request the masses put away their pitchforks.  is one of us. I know Marc. His interview got edited to death and his message didn't survive the hack job. Not to say that everyone will 100% agree with his position on the spectrum, but he's not what CNBC made him look like either. They apparently wanted a SV VC futurist who'd provide a quote to stir the pot, and they got it from him. Go easy. 
@_date: 2014-04-20 01:49:16
Well, can't know what the author wanted to convey, but a continuation of the parody would involve jack ultimately being right and rewarded for it, despite initial disapproval and mockery. 
@_date: 2014-02-07 10:44:54
I got that reference!
@_date: 2014-01-14 18:32:07
--&gt; 
@_date: 2014-05-06 22:04:55
1/2 agree. My take: There should be a strong focus given to the 2nd &amp; 3rd runner-up demographics. Trying to convert the least-interested is going to be a waste; preaching to the choir (even those that aren't actually singing yet) probably also a less-than-optimal use of resources as well. Given market penetration isn't a symmetric bell curve, I say go for the middle-mass and up on the curve.
@_date: 2014-03-16 16:11:45
Estimation of how much would be a fun project, and I do not know if we're talking fractions of a percent or perhaps more noticeably, but there is no doubt that the black box that was Gox had some effect, and it would not have been a force *favoring* stability, to be sure. 
@_date: 2014-01-04 13:59:36
Yep. I'm not at all concerned, and I will tell them "fuck you" in the most polite of fashions. I don't hate them specifically, I hate that our society has allowed the government to devolve into its current state. An auditor who participates is no worse than anyone else who participates. In fact, by participating by "paying to protect yourself" despite the immorality, you only perpetuate the problem. This -- using BTC to buy directly -- is perhaps the most peaceful possible way of "voting with your money" against the tax code and what our taxes are used for, which largely I disagree with. Peaceful subversion and protest. Either they change, and realize that maybe we don't need all these wars and 3-letter departments, or they get desperate and grow aggressive, before which I will have left their jurisdiction entirely. They either get less of my money and slowly adapt and evolve for the betterment of mankind, or they stubbornly become worse and lose *all* of my money. It is completely up to them, and there is nothing they can do about it.
@_date: 2014-01-04 14:45:58
Question: How do I determine the cost basis of a bitcoin if I trade it for something that is not simultaneously offered in USD? How will the IRS determine which exchange rate I should have used for the BTC, and how will I determine the USD equivalent cost of the thing I bought? What if those two ratios are way off? 
As in, IRS decides I use the Coindesk BPI, and the FMV is the USD equivalent of 2.5 CoindeskBPI-bitcoins, but I paid 5.0? Do I declare a massive loss? What does the person I paid do? I guess they should claim the gain, since that would even out  for the IRS, right?
Further question. My wife bought an F1 Bengal with BTC. She breeds Bengals (it's an expensive breed of housecat). Some of those have been sold as USD, some as BTC. Some of the food was bought directly with BTC. How will the IRS determine the FMV for all these? Naturally, not only do our Bengals vary in price among themselves, but there is wide variance in the market based on breeder reputation. 
The breeding F1 she bought with BTC: It is effectively "creating" BTC for us, indirectly. Is this like mining? Is the F1 worth more when reporting BTC as USD to the IRS because of this? Perhaps we should have bought it using USD?
Also, we have two personal friends who we gave kittens to this Christmas. Those were technically worth around 3 BTC, although at Christmas they sometimes go for 2x, so maybe 6 BTC? Anyway, do I declare a loss? Do my friends need to pay gift tax on their presents equivalent to the BTC amount? Do I use the BTC amount based on its value when the kitten was conceived, or born? Or gifted? Can they wait until the cats are older? A 10-y.o. Bengal isn't worth nearly as much as a kitten, so perhaps it makes sense to let the cat depreciate in value before claiming it?
Also, we sold a kitten last November to an Australian gentleman. They're very valuable in Australia, because you can't breed them there, and they can only be imported if certified as incapable of reproduction. So, while the going rate here has been around 3 BTC, with current prices, firstly, in November they were higher -- he bought with BTC which where $1100 or so -- but also, we paid for his flight as part of the experience, which the wife, whose 1st language is Japanese, paid in JPY using her account, but that JPY probably came from BTC which was from sales of kittens in the US, and all this time, the JPY has been depreciating steeply against the USD also. Since those were "USD" bitcoins... I'm getting confused about where I was headed with this question. Oh, right: The Australian man paid 15 BTC at a time when they were worth $1100, but we spent 1.5 BTC (via JPY... ugh...) to fly him on a nice Korean Air flight, the ones with the pretty stewardesses because their society found equality without becoming gripped by terror of feminists. The kitten was of course all USD / BTC related until this point, and normally worth 3 BTC, and would have been in the US. But the FMV in the AU is 5x this. So... yeah. I mean I guess... I do business with Australians about twice a year. Can I claim a loss on all kittens sold in the US, in the amount of the equivalent difference?
Also BTC has dropped and risen and I have no idea which coins those were. Should FIFO be applied at the key level or the wallet level? What about the new HD wallets? Also, tracking change in transactions seems like an issue.
I look forward to your advice on this important matter. I had no idea the implications of tax law when I began what I thought was a simple trade, much like bartering in the days of old. It had seemed that things traded for other things was fairly simple, but I now see that not all things are alike, and those differences in thing-types are very murky and subject to tens of thousands of pages of tax code interpreted by humans, and really, I just don't want them to attempt to recover anything by seizing any of my cat-assets (they wouldn't try to... take *parts* of cats would they? Will they round down or up?). My wife is crying now, please advise.
@_date: 2014-01-05 22:15:25
It's called the Monday morning spike (and investors realizing there was no dip and trying to preempt it) following a weekend of good news, when new fiat hits exchanges. Ours will happen shortly as well. Also, possible good news, maybe BTCChina has a new deposit method coming 
@_date: 2014-02-22 18:06:59
So sure of what you know, and completely unremorseful when wrong. You just implied quite a lot about Tesla, Musk, and SpaceX, all with your one comment, and now that it's untrue, it makes no difference to you.
Words matter. Do you take no pride in the precision and reliability of yours? 
@_date: 2014-03-17 23:07:13
I suspect this reality, as realities tend to be, is a combination of all the above and probably more things not identified. To state the problem as one of identifying *the* value is to artificially limit the scope of the problem.
@_date: 2014-01-18 19:26:23
So it is the credit card incentives you are missing? I get only 1% back on my CC, except at grocers I get 2% and then 3% at gas stations. All this can't exceed a certain amount per year... I think it's like 5,000 USD in each category. I have a strong suspicion that most people don't actually know the terms of their CC in detail, which I guess is how they win. Maybe I should create a Bitcoin card that promises 25% back, with tons of tiny print that makes it actually about the same as existing CC offers or less even. I'd kill. 
Edit: and it's not 5,000 back, it's that you get X % back off the first 5k you spend in each category. 
@_date: 2014-04-07 00:44:21
What is the pattern to the transactions which are being confirmed vs. those which aren't?
@_date: 2014-01-05 22:02:40
I'm curious about the implications of multiple COINs and drive-up ATMs that accept cash via the ATM card and deposit slot. 
@_date: 2014-01-26 04:20:05
I was there. It was in BTC. Naturally we all were curious and checked our phones for the market value as the bidding was happening. Including the winner, who *if I heard correctly* works for KNC. 
One more instance of proof of the functioning of economic systems d where nearly-perfect information is involved. The final price was very near the fair market value at present conversion rate. About 5 or 10% more depending on if you look at KBB or NADA. But that's the "history in the making" aspect. 
The gentleman did it after hours by the concierge stand. Only about 10 of us out there at first. Maybe 30 accumulated by the end. Most people were inside at the  reception and had no idea. Whole thing took maybe 3 minutes tbh.
@_date: 2014-03-16 16:16:48
When it's volatile, it is quite volatile, to be sure. But yes, the history of Bitcoin has been longer periods of stability around a resistance point, punctuated by brief periods of wild oscillation as an event moves the "true price" and the market reacts with little resistance to achieve it. The trick there is that Bitcoin behaves much like a shock absorber with very thin oil: There is little dampening to the oscillations. We are also seeing, as traders and markets become diverse and more sophisticated, that the trend of the "oil" viscosity is in the direction of thickening.
@_date: 2014-01-02 07:58:17
FIRST: **This is the very definition of a Pareto.** Likewise, neither is it "normal" for me to have an IQ 2 standard deviations above nominal, nor a penis that is 1 above. It certainly is abnormal for both of these to occur simultaneously! And yet, here I stand, on three legs, wearing a jetpack powered by an arc reactor of my own design. 
Or perhaps I am slightly full of shit about at least part of this. Jetpacks are not yet feasible. But the point is, it is only slightly improbable. Should the trend continue, constantly defying the odds of their hashrate, it becomes less and less probable, approaching the limit of probability. 
At infinite improbability, well... So long, and thanks for all the fish. 
SECOND: **BTCGuild pays out for orphans**. "Selfish miner attack" exploits selective orphaning. It's foolish to think they're it. 
@_date: 2014-01-04 18:35:02
10 - 15% of your $4 goes to Visa or whoever. In Bitcoin they go to Netflix. Multiplied by all the users and imagine the extra money for Netflix to pursue their activities like OitNB etc. More quality for the same cost to you. 
@_date: 2014-01-04 20:16:42
Okay, I don't know if you're trying to nitpick based on what's technically occurring at a software level -- I recognize your username from somewhere old in Bitcoinland, I think, so I'm guessing that is what you're doing -- but I'm fully aware of the most detailed levels of the protocol. For all intents and purposes, as a currency, the coins are "at" the pubkey, but cannot move without being signed away using the private key. This is how anyone will care to see it, and is how it works when you visualize it, because you by design cannot check the private key if you don't own the coins, so all anyone but you has to go on is the public key. And if it still shows up at the public key, and you aren't out of sync with the blockchain, that's where it is. Maybe it got spent a few seconds ago, up to 10 or 12, and beyond that is extremely unlikely that you will see the pubkey without at least a 0-confirmation output. Like, 1 in a million, unless the spender was connected to like one node which then lost its connection or something, and anyway that doesn't matter because it's all about network consensus anyway...
@_date: 2014-01-04 12:41:56
I know a business that accepts Bitcoin for anything at Zales. You pick it out, they pay Zales through their account with them, and you pay the business in a major crypto. BTC, LTC, maybe PPC. BTC preferred for large $ values of course. Slippage hurts you progressively more with decline in market cap.  (Disclaimer: I manage said business's assets.) 
@_date: 2014-03-31 18:25:02
Thanks! I also got 'volunteered' a couple weeks back for Bitcoin Fight Night (April 5, 3 PM, O2 London) out of my peaceable obscurity when Andreas had to cancel his appearance at the last minute. At least a few other fellows will hear some my take, I'd guess. Maybe it'll click for one or two and the good word will spread…? One can only hope. 
@_date: 2014-01-04 21:43:42
No way! Especially for things like Netflix where, when payment fails, there's no penalty at all (and you can't get overdraft fees in Bitcoin, lol), and they just remind you to fix it. Presumably you could do that with a CC, like now, or Bitcoin. (If they're smart, there will be a discount for using BTC.) So even if you screw up and don't have a balance at the ready to be pulled, it's no different than now. Better, in fact. 
Now I'm convinced I'll make it. There is a market need, for sure. How about this: Integration with Coinkite, Coinbase, Blockchain/Zeroblock and other major wallet/bank hybrids. 
Call it CoinBill or something. I'm not messing around, you've convinced me, and the time we've spent chatting about it has caused my brain to finish piecing together the details. I was going to describe it more, but now I consider it my IP. As soon as I finish typing this, I'm recruiting a couple devs. All I'll say is, it'll work with, at a minimum, the top 3 cryptos at present (BTC, LTC, PPC, by market cap and trade volume; and, it'll be worth it because in addition to all the automation and security niceties and the ability to simulate an "autodraft" without exposing user accounts directly to merchant accounts, it will also serve as an anonymizer (taint reduction as a side effect), and will make microtransactions a possibility even with BTC txfees at about 10 cents currently, and will save merchants and users money in the same way (reduction of "b" which is the txfee for cryptos). Win-win-win. I'm fucking stoked, I'd been looking for the next business idea to add to my portfolio. Thanks guys!
Silicon Valley estimate, 1 - 2 months to rollout.
@_date: 2014-02-22 04:54:45
Still nope. Lrn2google. It's like a 15ms search to check. You're a liar and lazy. Both of you. 
@_date: 2014-02-08 09:35:27
F.Æ.N.I.X. It's an engineering/innovation incubator I'm involved with. Big fans of bitcoin. (Of the many uses possible using blockchain-like technologies, really.)
@_date: 2014-03-21 12:51:51
That's what I see as well. 
@_date: 2014-01-18 18:33:23
Clearly it *is* true. The fee is 9 cents or so, currently (it's been lowered before and it'll be lowered again), but YOU, the consumer, even with no incentive at all, pay the exact same. For anything on Gyft, even without the retailer themselves offering a discount, you get a 3% incentive, which meets or exceeds the best of the CC rebate offers. 
For the retailer, they still get more money, because 9 cents is WAY better. The smaller the transaction, the more significant the base fee gets. If you buy a 99-cent coffee, that's gonna be 1.07 with taxes or so depending on your jurisdiction, and Visa etc. will get 3% + 33 cents or so. That's like 40% of that transaction. 
And all this crap about big retailers getting major deals from CC companies is false. They still aren't getting better than 2.2% and 19 cents or so, and that sort of deal applies more to low-risk places like Netflix or Pandora, not McDonalds. 
@_date: 2014-05-13 04:17:52
It is BS, to be sure; and is a case study in how Wikipedia can become unobjective on certain hot topics. The history of why, summary:
Long infighting between r/Wikipedia and r/Bitcoin. Some of us have been very pushy and insulting in attacking Wikipedia for not accepting BTC for donations, for over a year at least. This doesn't justify their bias; merely helps explain it. They're still humans over there, and humans can be petty. Groups of single-minded petty humans can be difficult. (r/Bitcoin is far from innocent.)
When the first lengthy DAC article came out when the term was first invented, it was immediately given a wiki page. It's been on a contentious delete/revert cycle ever since. It's clearly a term that's sticking, and a very real thing with much now written concerning it, but again: petty humans. 
@_date: 2014-02-25 05:54:55
Erik's been a citizen of Bitcoinland for a while. I dare say that, while 550 BTC is no small sum these days, that it is no more than 10 - 20% of his holdings, if that. I regularly disregard my own good advice on any number of things, including Bitcoin. I give the advice because it is correct: If followed, you are safe. I feel ambivalent if I fall to the same risks I warn about, because I am fully aware of them and thus made a deliberate and calculated choice to expose myself to a risk. I warn people because they may *not* know what I know. A risk without all the information is kinda unfair, so I offer what I know regularly.
Sometimes, we accept risk just for convenience. Even now, I have more coins that I should sitting in BTC-e. I want to take them out, but then, I also want to be able to trade them when BitcoinPanic goes off at 3 AM without waiting 3 confirmations. 
(FWIW, I have some in BTCChina too, which I like a lot and trust highly; but, their low withdrawal limit and low trade volume makes it impossible for me to have that much there, presently. I wish the market would make use of it. They have an fully-translated English version, you know...)
This is also another critical lesson in trust, and people should remember this when they go screaming that the entire Foundation is nothing but inside trading etc. Probably Erik *did* feel slightly safer, in the same way that I do. (I haven't used Gox since 2011, as it happens, but still.) Not so much "insider" trading in the malicious sense, but I am regularly on all the places where the beans would be spilled, if there were any stray beans.
@_date: 2014-03-12 03:03:08
While at one point you presented legitimate (if long-addressed) concerns, you seem to just be a parody of yourself now. Is this just a "smith vs neo" natural occurrence of the Reddit matrix to achieve equilibrium when things lean heavier on the side of the r/bitcoin circlejerk? Are you real? I feel there are important questions regarding sentience and Turing-completeness at hand. 
@_date: 2014-01-04 19:53:41
Only slightly. I read your reply to be that you pay $4. Really, 15% is more applicable to Pandora, which charges $3.98 + tax for Pandora One. Netflix, iirc, is a little more. Say, $5.95. That's the deal they ran at Christmas. 
So, here's where you don't understand how credit card payments work. (A lot of people don't. As they come to understand this, and merchants do the math, Bitcoin and similar methods will continue to rape until CC's are forced to figure out how to compete.) It's basically a simple linear equation. You're probably a public school graduate, so I'll refresh your memory: 
y=mx+b is the useful form here, where y is the final payment received by the merchant, x is what the user pays, b is the flat portion charged by the card processor, typically 35 to 45 cents (so let's say b = -0.40) and m is the percentage portion, also taken by the processor and various stops along the way to the merchant (this is between 3 and 5 percent, depending on the processor; Netflix probably uses competitive ones at "good" rates so let's say 3.5%). 
**So:** If Netflix charges you $5.95 a month: y = (0.965)(5.95) - (0.40) --&gt; y = 5.34
Netflix receives $5.34 of it. **8.97% goes to the processing company**  in this example. For larger transactions, m is the dominant factor for a merchant; for smaller ones, b increases in significance in inverse relationship to the transaction size. For companies like Netflix and Pandora, etc, Bitcoin is an incredibly beneficial choice to their bottom line, without affecting the cost to the user whatsoever. Bitcoin has zero m and negligible b. 
@_date: 2014-01-04 20:05:33
By key I mean address, and no. Wallet balances are the aggregate of their included keys. Addresses *should probably* be only used once, but regardless, every coin and satoshi in existence is sitting in an address, whether that address has a history or not. You could apply FIFO / LIFO / LMAO at the address level or the wallet level, and really, address is easier from an auditor's perspective, because there is nothing necessarily in the blockchain to say whether any given pubkey belongs to any particular wallet. While you are right that coins are essentially destroyed and replaced by "new" coins in the destination address(es), that was entirely my point, which makes it odd that you say that an individual satoshi or coin or whatever could be tracked. Only source and destination addresses, and amounts to each, can be tracked. There's no way of knowing more than that, which is the entire basis of calculating taint in the first place.
@_date: 2014-01-04 20:36:22
1) My sarcasm reallllly doesn't translate over writing well, especially to other Bitcoin-types, who all tend to have their own unique humor. Curse of having that type of mind, I guess. Yes, I figured you and the other luke-jr were one and the same. 
2) Yes! Precisely! There is no way to really prove it, thus the sad hilarity of the whole "FBI confiscates 1.2M BTC" or however many. They can't spend it, they can't prove DPR or anyone else specific "owns" them... people might as well say that you or I "confiscated" the entirety of existing coins by running a full node. Anyway, my point was for you personally tracking your own transactions for tax purposes, you presumably would "know" that the coins at a pubkey are yours or not, because you know you hold the *actual* key.
@_date: 2014-01-04 17:07:59
Should I pay taxes when I get two $5s as change for a $10 too?
@_date: 2014-02-19 07:07:30


This, precisely. It's an incredibly concise response. Disregard that bitcoin shot up in value at that time; BTC would have erased the entire devaluation for any holder of BTC. Even now, the drop in BTC is due to natural market forces that the user is a part of, and understands, and has the ability to fully participate and prevent. (If users had replaced Mt. Gox years ago, we'd still be at $800, which is where we're headed again soon anyway. And pretty much any user could. Incentives create market demand.)
And our inflation is low compared to most other things. Take a look at Venezuela. If a shitty local currency were the only necessary factor for immediate and widespread adoption of Bitcoin, Venezuela would have already nullified their economic problems. The difference between our pretty-good-Western-fiat and a great-one-that-just-became-a-bit-less-great-but-is-still-better-than-ours is pretty tiny. Neither is compelling for the average joe. They don't understand fiat money, but think they do. (Much like the average Bitcoiner, a few years ago. Who thinks they don't understand how money works? But we quickly realized we were blind.) So they don't see how quickly their wealth really could just evaporate on a whim, within the *official* system.
Despite the JPY being slightly better for a fiat than the USD, Japan now has a really perfect real-world example of one use case of Bitcoin, that is, as a store-of-value. I'd expect, if properly explained, the Bitcoin story is far more compelling to the average Japanese. 
This will be offset, however, by the volatility (although far better than it used to be), and the culture of going with the flow and not causing trouble, in Japan, probably. So adoption will be very subject to official and public sentiment. Luckily, official sentiments in Japan, historically, are far more genuine and well-studied. They expect excellence. That's why half their politicians don't even make a full term without getting sacked. Also, the MSM in Japan is nothing like ours. You can't get away with being a total fool (in fact, it is expected here). Logical fallacies typically don't fly. 
FWIW, for observers, I'm not an anime-loving basement neckbeard Japanophile speaking from unsupported opinion. (Those guys are fine in my book, too; live and let live.) I lived Yokohama for 4 years, and married a local. She escaped the JPY devaluation because we had her wealth stored in BTC (and some as USD and CNY).
@_date: 2014-05-05 23:47:40
Yes please. 
Also, though, proper permissions means even API mismanagement could only cause chaos, not theft. For example, BTC-e only supports trade ops. Withdrawals can't occur. I guess a mass API key theft and a coordinated attack could "steal" a lot of value by timing a distributed pump and dump to execute via simultaneous API but that's a stretch. 
@_date: 2014-11-20 09:48:04
If you guys want to actually help something while building awareness, **[this is the place to start]( 
Especially because that got buried by some suspiciously negative nancies at the beginning. Penn Jillette actually owns Bitcoin but "doesn't know how to spend it". But he has a charity he likes. Save the post and the children, and shower some tips. This is why Changetip can be cool.
@_date: 2014-01-05 07:56:29
Doesn't matter because even accepting USD in disguise is good for Bitcoin, and is indeed baked into the design as an expected part of the adoption cycle. Many people do, yes. 
More and more, with time, consider both. I'm on the one edge, personally -- I make decisions with a strong bias towards those which result in more BTC vs. more fiat in the short term. But everyone does this, and will do this more, as confidence in the perceived "worst-case value" rises. Since the little crashes seem to take less of the actual value away over time, with each one, it seems safe to say that a worst-case estimate may be that BTC cannot be worth less than, say $500 or $600 without a *major, major* world event. Even a full-on ban from, say, all China, would probably dip it to $600, with maybe an instantaneous low of $450 for a minute. 
With this trend, people make their decisions subconsciously knowing these things, and trade more and more with both USD and BTC values in mind. 
@_date: 2014-01-19 06:51:53
Okay, how about the time other than the time following the genesis block?
@_date: 2014-03-16 17:52:38
Will that do any good if the problem is non-spam being flagged? As in, does yahoo auto-forward before hitting the spam filter? 
I don't use yahoo, I'm just asking, as considering the context of this thread it seems relevant to whether your advice is useful or not.
@_date: 2014-03-19 12:07:03
If it were obvious, I suppose everyone would do it. I admit, when I thought of it, I *thought* it was perfectly obvious. It requires a little bit of money to scrape together the tech to make it work -- maybe $1M in manhours to reach a point where 99.9% of people are covered. But some of us have money these days, and there's no shortage of similarly-motivated brethren.
@_date: 2014-04-30 06:08:44
If you've seen Cap 2, you'll understand — it's heading in a pretty distinctively Joss direction now. I didn't like it at first either, but pmarca convinced me to give it another shot. 
Especially starting with IM3, that, Cap 2, and now the show is full of a lot of pro-anarchist (in the piratebay sense) subtext. 
@_date: 2014-01-06 17:25:15
1) I hope they lower the cost by a couple percent so the user has an incentive to use Bitcoin -- that would only be sensible because...
2) With credit cards, the user doesn't pay the main transaction fee; the merchant does. The *only* great reason is for them to increase revenue. News attention is fine, but everyone knows what Netflix is already. They have 30 million individual subscribers in the US alone. That's a 10% market penetration, and that doesn't even correct for adults vs. kids etc. Really, the demographic is probably 18 - 35, which would mean they own like 25% of those. They get to keep some percentage (I say 6% or 7% by my calculations because individual charges are so small; this is hotly contested around reddit today, based on the thinking that Netflix may have a much better deal going with the CC processors than I have allowed for. I also say it doesn't matter whether its 2% or 7%, that's free money for Netflix for any user they can convince to use Bitcoin.)
@_date: 2014-06-20 21:08:35
The most Solomonoff's-compatible theory that has occurred to me thus far is that there will be no "official" apps from these major players because bitcoin theft *will* occur sooner or later, and the intelligent decision is to make an API available and request / incentivize that someone create it. Saying "we looked at the code and it seems legit" is the most endorsement one can safely do in the litigious society we have. If a hack happens, and the code is to blame even a fractional amount, and Coinbase were directly responsible for the app in some way, regardless of the TOS contents, that's lawsuit bait. A separate entity, an individual appmaker with no company backing him (publicly, officially) cannot be sued. Well, he can, but no one will because he has no money to give up.
This was my first thought, and remains my thought. I wouldn't do it either. I actually hate Coinbase quite a bit for different reasons, but this is a logical play, and isn't ethically questionable either. A real, no-shit company that can be sued, for assets everyone knows they have, would be wise to do this as well. Compartmentalize your risk. Someone exposes their 2FA or gets their gmail "hacked" or whatever, and someone *will* sue Google, Apple, Coinbase, and everyone tangentially related, if they think they can get money. They won't sue Google or Apple because that's like suing God. They'd better be *clearly* to blame, otherwise you don't do it. But you'd sue Coinbase, and even if they "won", it costs them a lot of money.
@_date: 2014-02-17 19:10:19
Just google "Bitcoin blockchain pruning"
@_date: 2014-01-04 21:15:05
I could have done it without bashing *him* yes. There's no argument that public schools have taken a very steep downturn in quality. There's an 8th grade test from the 1920s or whatever floating around that illustrates that quite clearly. But no, I suppose I didn't have to insult *him* specifically. But then again, he could have made a better argument for his (very incorrect and uninformed, yet amusingly and unsurprisingly confident) response of "nuh uhhhhHHH, you're high".
@_date: 2014-01-14 18:50:57
Depends on the degree to which they believe in Bitcoin relative to its present value. If they think Bitcoin is declining, perhaps they will spend from their Bitcoin holdings. Otherwise, I'd think they'd spend from USD. Also, since USD is easier, because everyone is familiar with all the ways to spend it, they probably are biased toward seeing that as their "spending" funds and BTC as part of their (hopefully diversified, in their case) investment portfolio (which they also, hopefully, manage with long-term goals in mind, and don't panic-sell every TSLA share they have on E-Trade every time someone tweets that their Model S got too warm, for example).
@_date: 2014-06-05 18:00:58
The purpose of having their own alt (though kind of extraneous, there might be a less confusing and more elegant way to build it, and it's be easier if it just wasn't called a coin) is to not be subject to (1) Bitcoin Txfees or block capacity in the future, and (2) to be independent of the valuation of the bitcoin market space, which basically functions like an index fund—it takes on the average aggregate value of the whole ecosystem. Owning Ƀ (bitcoin) is like owning (noninflationary) shares of the DJI, if such a thing were possible. (There are, of course, funds that mostly accomplish this.) 
In the beginning, there was only one stock on it: Bitcoin itself. Now it has the valuation of sort of all our anticipation of cryptospace. Holding an individual alt is like holding an individual stock, and should be seen as such. This is why, of course, most alts are scams or at least become scams. If it doesn't accomplish anything new, there's no path for it but a pump&amp;dump, regardless of dev enthusiasm or intentions. Buying $TSLA is like holding an alt with some sort of differentiation, like DRK or maybe this maidsafe. It can still be overvalued and undervalued, like $TSLA, on marketplace whims, but there's something underneath to give it some value. Investing in most alts like Zeta or Quark or whatever is like buying some of the upstart cannabis IPOs, $CBIS, $POT, etc. There was one or two that had actual value: I don't remember which; if you care, it's whatever Cody Willard is holding. Anything else is vapor. Hopes and dreams (pipe dreams, zing) or an outright scam. 
As with stocks, if there are no fundamentals, you are a fool to invest. That's not to say you can't profit, if you time it right, but that's a zero-sum game, and even if I come out ahead, I don't always feel super great since I know all I did was take a later investor's money. If it were just a game and everyone knew it was a scam and we were just playing like a poker game that'd be fine, but I know there are always poor saps who bought in thinking it was investment-worthy (somehow). 
@_date: 2014-04-03 11:50:51
No, it would still not meet the accepted definition of fiat. See --&gt; 
@_date: 2014-02-18 06:58:10
Specifically, their cash was either neutral or even deflationary (vs. other world currencies). But that changed with the election of Abe-san. It's not as extreme as US inflation targets but it is still a targeted inflation, of 1.5%. Even worse (if you're Japanese) the speculatory response to the news of that policy quickly devaluated the JPY from 73 per USD to 105 per USD over a few months. It seems stable now, but regardless, if you'd been saving all your life and finally retired with a couple foreign vacations in mind, with the passage of just one set of laws and a couple months, a retiree will find that he can afford quite a bit less when abroad. Tragic to see Japan going this route. 
Anyway, point is, there's a lot more benefit to BTC than was apparent just a year or two ago, in Japan. But they should be familiar with the *why*. 
@_date: 2014-02-25 08:46:31
Wouldn't it just be the very caricature of our justice system, if hundreds of millions worth (USD) of coins walked away to who knows who or where, and Karpeles et al get to file bankruptcy and escape scot free, while you are looking at a difficult legal proceeding for much less and for charges that don't even exist universally, but only in certain jurisdictions? 
Theft of property due to willful ignorance and fraudulent claims of services (or outright malice) is forbidden by even the NAP / natural law / etc. You made some perhaps risky decisions knowing the jurisdiction you're in, but in any case no one experienced the forcible or coerced deprivation of property. Interesting world... :)
@_date: 2014-02-25 08:08:23
The most interesting part is stuff like Bitcoinbuilder, where the free market created a path for investors to escape with some value (and is also a pathway for Gox to regain liquidity, if they wanted), much faster and more efficiently. The bailouts took forever, their valuation was declared by official edict, and went to the banks (which didn't work!)
**Here, within days, the market reacted with a solution that directly bails out the *actual investors*,** and the amount that they are bailed out is wholly dependent on the market's assignment of value to the concept of a GoxCoin and how liquid we bet on Gox actually being when it all wraps up. 
Note that the trade of derivatives based on the banks that had to be bailed out, would never have crossed anyone's mind because the SEC would have declared that illegal in about 30 seconds. I certainly never thought of it, but I suppose it would work, with the proper transparency. We're still paying for the bailout, and it didn't work, it just masked the issue, and the riches *didn't* trickle down to those who'd actually taken a bath with the subprime crisis. Which really is *exactly* the same underlying phenomenon as this Gox fiasco. (Just replace greed and technical incompetence with greed, economic incompetence, and massive apathy knowing that when the shit hits the fan they aren't held accountable personally.) Fractional reserve and extension of more and more credit in the form of BOFA-BUX etc. etc. which look exactly like USD and work exactly like USD until the house of cards collapses.
Just read 
That shit is crazy, so crazy
@_date: 2014-02-10 14:40:31
It's a shame, but it's been a long time coming, and the market and community are much better for it.
@_date: 2014-05-13 16:10:07
@_date: 2014-02-08 09:27:34
Cute bot. It works within the blockchain, however. It is nothing like ripple.
@_date: 2014-04-03 11:51:52
Jesus christ, the dumb in this thread is staggering.
--&gt; 
@_date: 2014-03-16 07:51:03
Game theory would say that under analysis, Bitcoin is a net-sum positive game, therefore everyone stands to benefit from it to some extent.
@_date: 2014-03-12 08:01:31
Lol. You're nothing if not committed, I'll give you that. I still can't help but feel one of us is missing something. 
@_date: 2014-01-14 17:00:18
See Moore's Law regarding computing. Why buy anything? 
Answer: Value of buying object is greater than speculative value lost by not buying it. We make this choice already when we decide what object is worth buying vs. other objects. Same with money. 
Been answered literally a BILLION FUCKING TIMES. Declaring this an unanswered topic means either OP = troll or OP = stupid and too lazy to google and wants Reddit to babysit his tiny brain. 
@_date: 2014-03-12 08:55:35
@_date: 2014-04-17 08:42:28
"Up to" means something entirely different. 60 minutes is possible. So is 60 hours. Probability. If you don't understand probability you should leave Bitcoin alone for about 3 - 5 years until it's simple enough for the average American (unable to do arithmetic 3rd-graders in Japan can do, for example; and they don't have Kindergarten or the now-discussed "mandatory pre-K") to use. Language matters. If you can't speak precisely, I can't be bothered to speak with you, because it's impossible to tell if we agree or disagree when the words are the same and the definitions different.
@_date: 2014-02-25 07:23:41
Yep. GoxCoins, less so.
This may help you gain context: 
I say the 550 are no more than 10 - 20% of his personal cash reserves, at the very outside. Just like in the dollar economy, a massive net worth doesn't mean you have piles of Federal Reserve Notes laying around. Funds typically are best used somewhere. While Bitcoin doesn't depreciate simply by sitting still per se, it still is usually more useful to do something with it. Storage of value is only one function of a monetary system, and it's really not its main purpose at all; it's just necessary that a money have that ability at its core.
So, I guess it does seem rather crazy, but Bitcoin's high-risk, high-reward, and the only way to stay sane is to experience the loss of 550 BTC here just as dispassionately as when massive gains roll in. It doesn't mean purposely be careless, but yeah, if the idea of waking up to alarms and knowing for sure that a good chunk of value has disappeared is something that will keep you up at night, stick to the more stable uses of Bitcoin. 
If you believe in the concept, take the extra minute or two to figure out how you can support the economy. Once you've done it, it takes 10 seconds to prep a Gyft card to checkout at Target and other places. Booking flights is usually faster, even. Just bought the wife's friend airfare from and back to Tokyo using bitcoin. Pretty cool, really, because it's during Golden Week, and United jacks the prices way up for Japanese, while they're the same in the US, but you have to have a credit card with a US billing address. Bitcoin, however, does not care about this, and you can get the best price, regardless of what artificial market walls the airlines erect.
@_date: 2014-04-03 09:33:22


Show me. Cuz, ya know, I'm pretty good at this math stuff. 
Regarding each individual bank and the tragedy of the commons: This is an expected outcome. Banks and lenders that can do basic math will figure out what the math says. If they are so large as to be *the* market makers where their calculations and ultimate offerings dictate the market trend, they must do this math, just as they do now to determine what the prime rate should be based on the true inflation in their market. Those that can't and refuse to move with the market will profit less or even go out of business, as those who can do the basic math will, and will calculate what rate can be offered at a reasonable profit, and undercut them. I don't see a problem. Moreover, that only applies to *large* lenders of capital--those whose lending actually moves the rate of deflation in a measurably significant way. Again, I'd wager they'll figure out the math just fine. 
Meanwhile the smaller lenders, whose money *technically* moves the market as well but is too small to notice amongst the noise, will simply just pick a rate that makes sense based on the overall trend created by the market makers. For example, say the medium-term global GDP results in an annual deflationary rate of about 7%. This is probably a good estimate, based on global productivity metrics. It will change based on the rate of reproduction quite a bit; correcting for that, actual productivity increase is more like 3 - 4%. Let's say it's right at 4.0%. 


Say the market loan rate (the prime rate) works out to be -3.7%. As a lender that is too small to be considered a market-maker, you will just compete somewhere in that vicinity. Technically speaking, you affect things, just as a few drops of rain in a bucket increase its weight, but it can be ignored for virtually all calculations. As a small lender, you don't have to do any calculation, or deal with any "tragedy of the commons" implications, trying to figure out the true rate to set: You must simply compete with the market rate. If we run with a simple CPI-based inflation rate for our current system (about 3.1% on average anually--which negates a lot of other global effects which are a subject for a different thread, but FYI our actual inflation is closer to 6%) in this example system, you might offer a competitive prime-rate loan for -3.68%. 
Prime rate, of course, is rarely actually extended to creditors. It's the baseline, and is formulated ultimately by the governance of market actions, whereby you have a *real* GDP -- again, say 3.1% for our *current* semi-closed-loop system. The present prime rate quoted by the Fed is 3.25%. So, for a creditor who qualifies, you make 0.15% above the market, as opposed to merely holding the currency instead.
In a hypothetical Bitcoin-only system as described above, we said the global GDP was 4.0%, resulting in deflation of about -3.85% annually. We said the prime rate was -3.7%. Again, you make 0.15% above the market, by loaning at the prime rate, vs. holding the currency. And, *exactly* like smaller lenders today, you don't have to consider any of this. You just look at the prime rate and, if you determine it is worth it (usually that means profitable, and more profitable than other endeavors you have available to you, whether based on the projected raw net profit, or perhaps because it requires very little of your time, or whatever), you would make an offer into the marketplace at a rate that is sufficient to compete to acquire the amount of business that you seek.
It's really pretty straightforward once you catch on to the trivial idea that nothing prevents a negative rate of interest. And, again they *already exist*. Just not at the consumer level. So, the argument is often given that a lack of credit will kill the hypothetical Bitcoin economy; and, that if credit were extended in a non-inflationary currency 


@_date: 2014-03-27 22:01:39
Retailers sell gift cards to wholesalers like Gyft, and also Walmart, etc. at a discount, sometimes significantly so. This is because of two main things: They get the money up front, like prepaying for things they have in inventory, which is huge by itself for cash flow businesses where the currency is anything but deflationary, which is everywhere. An even bigger reason is there is always a significant nonzero amount of unspent balances. Thus the discount: If for every $100 they get in gift cards only $95 is spent, they can sell gift cards for anything over 5% off and win. Factor in that you're aggregating processing costs — say, individual purchases are $20 on average, but the average balance bought is $100, and all the above are and would be credit/debit. They come out ahead on credit card fees too. 
@_date: 2014-11-20 10:01:23
Another good oppportuunity is **[Penn Jillette's charity thing](
@_date: 2014-01-04 15:53:54
perhaps he meant repressive
@_date: 2014-01-02 07:46:00
This is pretty much the way a standard distribution works. 20/80 at 80/20 and all that. 
Actually, screw it, I have a wittier comment but I'm not burying it down here with these gizzards. 
@_date: 2014-05-29 03:31:29
@_date: 2014-03-28 03:51:52
There's a parable about the news media. 
You know that feeling when you watch a news clip on subject X, and you live and breathe subject X? And they have an X expert or professional or whatever on, and you watch in awe at *how fucking utterly incorrect* they are about subject X, almost in entirety?
That is literally every news bit, every day, all day long.
@_date: 2014-04-17 08:44:32
Jesus fucking christ. --&gt; 
@_date: 2014-11-20 09:34:16
Hope we hear back from him. (You from Texas too?) He knows what Bitcoin is. in a podcast or something, apparently [his wife is into bitcoin?](
He said something also about having Bitcoin but not knowing where to spend it. This might be a great way to show him via something you both care about, so nicely done bro
edit: Wow, he's known about it [for a while](
@_date: 2014-01-04 14:59:47
Haha... well, that's pretty far down on the list of things IRC can stand for, and if I'm being pedantic you probably should leave the periods in there for non-common abbreviations, but that's kind of an American convention and isn't a hard rule anyway. ( 
Thus, IRS is fine for Internal Revenue Service (barely, as really the convention is that no-period acronyms are read as a word, like NATO, but IRS is so well-known that in this context there is no issue), but IRC is pretty much Internet Relay Chat so anything else should be spelled out as I.R.C. to make it clear. (U.S.C. is also almost always given the period treatment unless it's the university, even with a number following it and in this context.)
Admittedly, given the topic, and especially if you haven't learned this / don't live where it is the convention, I can see why you might expect me to intuit that IRC wasn't a mispelling. It doesn't help you that S and C are very adjacent.
Also, sarcasm about who knows a given acronym may make you feel clever, but it doesn't win any debates, and bears zero relevance to the legitimacy of my point.
@_date: 2014-01-14 20:46:27
Once more: If you had 50 BTC *and* 50,000 USD, you would spend whichever seemed more overvalued, assuming the ease of purchasing whatever it is, is equal for both. (We call this friction of transaction, which includes things like your time involved with, and cost of, the transfer process.) So with equal friction, that's the only choice there is: Which one is more overvalued? This comes down to your assessment of market conditions, and is why the rate is so unstable. The market is seeking equilibrium, but not everyone agrees where that should be, *and* the situation is dynamic. 
Not only is the *unknowable (to precision) true instantaneous value of a BTC* changing, due to conditions changing, but geopolitical activity and the fact that bitcoin is in at least the first 1/3 if the adoption sigmoid make it highly volatile. There's an average in there somewhere, but things never sit still long enough for the market to find it. New people find out about Bitcoin, old people write off Bitcoin, governments and tech announcements and rumors change its perceived value, and there's also still block reward-era mining happening.
@_date: 2014-02-24 04:25:23
Feel free to google "illegal number". I could put the code "everywhere" if I wanted. It's all a matter of knowing how a string of information is to be interpreted. 
I'm also not contesting that a human claiming the title if judge might choose to view possession of a number in a certain way; or that men with guns bearing gang signs of the State might be called on to enforce his opinion. That, however, does not make his opinion any more true or even relevant, inasmuch as the universe and the laws of mathematics give not one fuck about his opinions. 
A person subjected to the whims of these local gangs might not enjoy it, so for him it is relevant only in the same sense that he likely looks both ways before crossing the street even with a "Walk" sign illuminated, or slows when approaching a speed trap. Acting to mitigate the risk of known threats is logical behavior and not indicative of acceptance that a set of conditions are good or just; it merely acknowledges that they *are*. 
@_date: 2014-02-22 04:53:34
Nope. Musk and 7 guys started PP and sold it like a decade ago. It's one place he got the wealth he's parlayed into other stuff, but otherwise he's unrelated to PP and you are full of shit and spreading lies. Also, pretty much nobody thinks this so you're really oddly misinformed too. 
@_date: 2014-02-26 23:37:54
Don't worry about it, CL. Unfortunately, I had to search a good 30 seconds -- those are like years in internet time -- to find a writeup of what you *actually* did -- breaking into AT&amp;T shacks and swiping hardware to sell, apparently. "Money laundering" is a victimless crime, and not a moral issue unless you know what it's being used for. Victimless crimes are illusions of the state. Interesting that the victimless crime charge was used to hold you for longer than the *appropriate* sentence for the theft would have. It seems they can still do this sort of nonsense in many places... sad. Let the punishment fit the crime. 
I'd hire you, and if I met you on the street I'd trust you before I'd trust a guy with a JP Morgan nametag or someone wearing state-sanctioned gang symbols.
 (halfway down)
@_date: 2014-01-14 18:52:17
Indeed. It requires a bit more tech-savvy and comfort with the ideas behind value being purely abstract than many grandmothers may have, but in time, all will change.
@_date: 2014-04-30 06:29:23
Haha. Just a few minutes before, I wrote exactly the same thing. Proof of solvency is a fine request. Proof of identity doesn't seem to be worth much in the Wild West of crypto. 
@_date: 2014-05-13 16:09:28
And unfortunately, until we do, I'm going to withhold funds. Much like I would not support an addict until demonstrably clean. I might buy a meal specifically — this would be like paying for a patch of road to be fixed. But I won't hand over cash. 
@_date: 2014-04-03 15:27:42
Define fiat for me, please. 
@_date: 2014-02-10 13:50:06
Yeah, Bitcoin is pretty incestuous at the moment. It's the word my boss used to use all the time to describe Silicon Valley, and it applies here too.
This makes it even sillier that MK tried to pass off these issues as critical and deliberately destabilize the market, when that very Wiki has an ancient article on why it isn't an issue. 
While it may be the only move he had left to try to regain any sort of liquidity, I doubt it will work very much, and it's an incredibly shady move that is sure to burn most of his remaining bridges in the community. 
@_date: 2014-01-06 21:03:04
I agree and disagree. I agree 2% for one person is insignificant. But we see people regularly use more gas than is worth the money they save to pay a few cents less -- that's right around 1 or 2%. I think if you just had it listed,
Credit Card (VISA, AMEX, MC) — $7.95
Bitcoin — $7.79
Which will you choose, assuming Bitcoin is just as easy or easier? (And it is, once people get past the "tulip" phase.) It's not huge but when the alternative has no clear advantage and costs more, why not learn about this Bitcoin thing? Especially as this continues to happen. More and more, even the haters, will want to click through and figure out why it seems everything is just a little bit cheaper with Bitcoin, when it keeps going up in value. For the average person, that ought to be quite the paradox: If I use Bitcoin as a savings vehicle, my savings is worth more. If I don't save, and buy things, I can buy more. Hmmm...
@_date: 2014-06-09 05:14:10
Whoa, easy there, Mike. There's no way we disagree on the underlying probability, here, since that's just math. 
"Perfectly executed" -- consider what I might mean by that, and why I italicized it.
@_date: 2014-01-04 18:08:58
That'll depend on what you agreed with Netflix. Or whoever. If it was based in USD, and BTC goes up, they pull less. You just have to make sure there's enough. If BTC, same thing, but even less attention is necessary. A decent site would probably email you before the bill is due, maybe with a special subject if they felt the exchange rate was likely to result in an issue. Maybe I'll make a service that does this...
@_date: 2014-01-19 10:35:33
Yes. We should both be able to seek restitution for violating our contracted agreement. 
@_date: 2014-03-27 22:32:48
I've been meaning to mention this to Andreas. Some people at just gullible. That said, even as a feature request, this fits with a desire I've had for a while: Some addresses I like to simply watch but don't want them included in the balance. Others I *do* want in the balance, and the watch only bit is just good security practice. 
Feature &amp; security/anti-scam recommendation:
Two balances, side by side, similar to this:






Mousover of the [?]s should just be a quick tooltip bit on what that means — hot, the keys are stored with BCi and spendable; Cold, unspendable without entering keys. Blah blah. 
Regarding the feature, it would be useful while doing this modification to allow a checkbox next to watch-only addresses, per address, whether they are to be included in the Cold balance or not. 
@_date: 2014-01-03 10:25:38
There is no requirement for the end user to have any more bandwidth required than to spend their own coins. Say it was an average 1-to-2 spend using the standard compressed pubkeys. That's about 261 bytes. So, network overhead... Fuck it, idk, but entirely trivial. 
Or spend from blockchain.info using a watching-only address. Just enter key at spend. 
Or solve both issues and use Coinbase. Assuming Snoop picks CB over Bitpay, it's off-chain for other CB users. 
Or Bitpay because no one planning that kind of thing can do it without at least the amount of research required to see if its possible, because, ya know, they're trying to get paid. So he'd make sure it was up to it (or hire someone to make sure) or he won't use it.  
@_date: 2014-01-04 13:04:42
They can say that all they want, but the right to barter things for other things is a basic human right. Bitcoin just returns this debate to the forefront of consciousness. 
If I trade a car for another car, and they don't have the exact same value, do I declare a gain (or loss)? How is that basis determined? Certainly not by the value I originally bought the car for. For one thing, they depreciate at different rates. A used 2009 Jetta TDI with equal miles to a 2011 Corolla costs about the same, but the Corolla was a few thousand $ more expensive when it was brand new. How the fuck am I going to figure out who gained and lost in that scenario? I'd say the Corolla guy lost a lot, but you can't claim that. That'd be sweet if I could declare losses as my car depreciates in value. But since that won't fly, who determines the current value, if not what I paid for it? KBB? Edmunds? What if they don't show the exact same values (and they don't)? 
While Bitcoin is designed to be more easily fungible and not wear out (and who is to say that it doesn't eventually "wear out" and people move on), care to explain how it is really any different than trading chickens for apples or a dirt bike for an old truck? I'm not declaring shit if I do that, and I'm not declaring shit if I do it with Bitcoins or Dogecoins or Coinyes (Coinyecoins?...) either. 
Never mind the difficulty in pricing the coins themselves, since they vary by exchange at the same time, what was the value of what I bought? Its dollar value? I can buy a gallon of gas for $2.99 across the street, and $3.79 at the airport. (This is Texas.) Or $4.39 at LAX. That perhaps makes it easier, but first, what if the item isn't offered in $ and BTC at the same place? What if they charge a huge penalty for one, or a discount? What's my cost basis? If I buy a 16 oz. Monster at the Qwikee Mart for $3.99, and across the street at Shell they are selling for $1.99? Can I declare a loss? What if I buy them at Shell and hawk them for $3.49 in front of Qwikee Mart to undercut them? Do I have to declare a gain?? *What's my cost basis for 16 oz. Monster??!*
Or, fuck you, and fuck all that. The tax code is contradictory. If it were written in real code it would fail to compile. Until they fix it, I will pay where it is fair (i.e. I will pay income tax on income paid in $, and I will pay capital gains tax on BTC realized as $ using a fair cost basis, and I will pay property taxes if I acquire property [though I'm not entirely certain I agree with those laws, they aren't self-contradictory]), and ignore where it is not possible to be fair (because if it logically is impossible to follow without contradiction, it cannot be fair) and not be concerned with smacking my head on the pavement until I discover a method to divide by a zero.
@_date: 2014-05-29 03:37:21
Don't forget the causality, though. If kids were more expensive, people would probably have less of them. So I don't advocate starving children, but I do advocate disincentivizing boundless reproduction.
@_date: 2014-02-09 14:33:23


Our DAX project itself is intended to be *not-for-profit*, so we don't expect to have customers, in a traditional sense. This could change, potentially, or there may be a tiered system where more advanced features are on a paid basis, but in any case currently we anticipate more users than customers.


I did not. I claim that it functions in a different fashion than Ripple entirely. Ripple functions in a raw WoT model. From a game theory perspective, this is well-known to be not an incentive-compatible way of handling debt contracts. That's not to say that Ripple is worthless; it's far better than many payment mechanisms. It is what it is. 


With study, we hope our mechanism will be found to be far less risky than Ripple. It currently uses our own tech based off a custom blockchain (it's very unlike the structure of existing chains), methods for injecting PoE into the Bitcoin and Litecoin blockchains for checkpointing, and is based off similar functionality to P2SH transactions. In the future we will very likely migrate the code to use Ethereum scripting, which is looking very nice. 
@_date: 2014-01-14 18:11:55
Any anything less than full consensus leads to devaluation for all. The market cap of Bitcoin is not 100% dollars put in. There is (a lot) of speculative value. Without full consensus, you fork the chain, resulting in "two" Bitcoin currencies. Not double the coins, mind you; you wind up with some coins on one chain permanently. 
Because the speculative value of Bitcoin is a net-positive-sum due to the incentives involved, the sum of the values of the two subcurrencies would be less than the value of one consolidated Bitcoin. This strongly disincentivizes changes that result in forks.
@_date: 2014-02-17 19:26:57
My avg cost basis is far lower, but I have a friend who bought at $1100. We're still good friends. I also bought more at $400, $700, $900, and around $1050. We didn't stay above that long. You can't tell where the exponential growth will stop until it stops; only that it will. 
Neither has realized the loss, and neither plans to. Firstly, there's enough volatility that by absorbing that slack, we've recouped our initial $ investment. That can be done in any market with volatility around a mostly stable point, as is the case with Bitcoin. Most price movements are harmonic reverberations following a destabilization event. It only stabilizes when investors "call the ball" and create resistance, smoothing the oscillation. They are rewarded for being correct, and that's the market. Anyway, the $ value of my friend's original $50,000 is now $58,000. (I manage his investment. It's what I do.)
Additionally, in my case, this is all déjà vu anyway. In Spring '13 I had $10 coins, and bought more on the way up to $266, including some above $200. It dropped to $130 quickly after. Even that was familiar. I've been in Bitcoin since just after the Finney transaction. It gets easier every time. 
I'm one of those "100% (except petty cash) Bitcoin" guys, like Andreas. Actually, I guess I've been so for a bit longer, by a few months anyway. And it helps my confidence that I understand macroeconomics in a scientific / game theoretic sense (unlike Krugman-esque Western economists, who are more like astrologists than astronomists) as well as detailed protocol-level stuff. 
My 2 millibits. 
@_date: 2014-04-03 07:20:11
To remain competitive, lenders will offer rates that the market will bear. I cannot predict how everything would play out, but in your hypothetical, without any other major variable changes, I would anticipate negative interest rates. They already exist but only for banks, generally. There's no reason they can't exist. 
You're on to something, but expand your mind a touch more. A negative interest rate might sound absurd but only because of the culture and the "normal" we are accustomed to. 
If you're a lender, and you assume we'll still need them — and I assume we will; there's nothing wrong with lending — lenders will charge whatever the market will bear, which I assume makes sense. If that means you offer a zero interest rate and your profit is because zero results in an increase in buying power despite the same number of BTC, so be it. If that actually requires a *negative* rate, so be it. 
There is an equilibrium. Everyone would be a lender if they could profit, but there is a limited market for credit. (Though it is big! We love credit in the West especially.) So only some do, and it balances between the supply of credit offered and the demand for it. Your incentive for offering it is that you profit. 
So, why not just hold the Bitcoin rather than offering it on loan as a negative-interest loan? Well, you could, but the loan is part of what increases the velocity of money which increases the *price* of the money, when the supply — as it is in Bitcoin — is fixed. This is where the numbers in the equation of exchange must spill over when the variable of velocity is increased but the supply remains fixed and the price floats. 
Math could be done to help clarify this further but I hope this makes sense. 
@_date: 2014-03-31 14:06:37
Hmm. Nope, works just fine for me. We just booked a flight to NYC to stream for O2 and then the conference. What's the trouble?
@_date: 2014-01-14 09:37:19
Despite the staggering height that is my poppy, you will find it very much impossible to cut.
@_date: 2014-02-08 06:47:48
We are, at my organization, but it's not ready. There are still stability issues regarding enforcing fairness for people on varying qualities of internet. We have the worst of it solved, but there's some user experience issues to work out still. 
1 to 3 months, eta. It isn't planned to be released as open source, at least not for a while, to prevent clones fragmenting the exchange market, which would make a DAX rather useless. But it is written in such a way that knowledgeable folks will be capable of verifying that we have no control over their coins. That part is transparent. The magic that allows it to be a DAX, however, is trade secret. :)
Yes, this new Gox debacle has caused us to divert more resources and manpower to this. But other projects have deadlines too, so we can't really work any faster. 
@_date: 2014-04-03 07:34:36
—&gt; 
@_date: 2014-05-07 21:14:19
And yet Egyptians still used Facebook and Twitter etc. beginning in 2008 to schedule protests and demonstrations, and still managed to use it all throughout the Egyptian Revolution in 2011. So... 
@_date: 2014-03-30 23:19:40
I'm in the middle of adding a feature to a supranational exchange project that will nullify all but the fiat cashout aspect of this, even in the silly minds of the IRS. As in, any way you interpret their illogical document, including the way they might try to harass you with, you still legally end up with a far lower tax basis, and they can't do anything about it that doesn't decimate the last vestiges of illusion in our purported rule of law. 
Just keep an eye out. It's part of a bigger effort we're calling Project GLUE. One of the primary things keeping it in testing / alpha was the hope that we'd get an "official" stance from the IRS to design for. I'm not sure if it'll be ready by Inside Bitcoin NY or not (so probably not) but that's okay.  
@_date: 2014-05-07 20:58:34
Then link it.
@_date: 2014-01-05 22:08:56
China firewall attempts to label and block tor nodes but there is already a way around that as well. 
Ftfy. 
@_date: 2014-01-19 06:22:28
Jesus holy Christ. I mean this in the most polite and helpful way -- how in the *fuck* do you not have your keys backed up beyond the paper wallet? You realize making copies works just as well? All my keys that exist in some hard physical form are also retrievable through a particular process known only to me and my will, such that it doesn't matter if one is lost. Moreover, even the paper wallets are encrypted with a simple code known only to me. Someone finding them would be unable to steal the coins. 
If this all sounds like wizardry you are unable to perform, please PM me. I'll be glad to give you a nudge in the right direction to make sure that your funds, whether life savings or petty cash, are never at risk of a forgetful moment. As long as my bank, house, office, and all of Google's cloud facilities don't burn to the ground simultaneously, I'm fine. Moreover, you'd have to break into and steal my keys from at least 3 if the 5 locations I keep them (or know my brain key for the petty cash key secondary encryption) to make off with them. 
Paper wallets, contrary to the guy below, are *nothing* like bank cheques or cash unless you make them so. Don't make them so. PM me. 
@_date: 2014-01-04 18:00:36
Wonder if this was the company in the big tease in mid-December... idr if it was Bitpay or CB. Either has the toolkit. 
Anyway, **recurring payments are easy**, even from a static address. 2-of-3 keys, one held by Netflix, one by the customer, and one in an escrow site on a timer lock, where it's only supplying its key during the chosen window. Just like other bills, you don't have to leave money in there, just remember to have it in the right place on bill day. This is in addition to (and I feel, better, because it can be done in a way that gives a static address for them to pull from, which doesn't compromise you or them. You can both use new addresses all the time. 
@_date: 2014-04-30 06:00:43
So. We knew exactly who Karpeles was, and where to come for him. We knew all about Neo &amp; Bee. They had legitimate corporate identities to ~~come after with legal action if something went wrong~~ protect their personal assets from legal ramifications of anything they do. 
Meanwhile, MPEX, BTC-E, etc. -- which common sense would cause us all to flee due to absolute lack of transparency and major "red flag" behavior are still here and among the most reliable. Somehow, BTC-E manages to even avoid most major hits from DDOS unlike the rest. What's their incentive to make such a resilient service if you can be Gox and walk with everything?
Idk about Moolah.io. Never used it. Point is, nothing is as it seems. Ask for proof if you like, but it didn't help us with Gox. Either demand *cryptographic* proof of existence of X, or just go with your gut. Here on the fence, wanting the Bitcoin but asking for all these (ineffective) old-world safeguards and assurances isn't working out. 
@_date: 2014-03-16 13:53:52
While I agree the sheer force of the petrodollar as a means of stabilization makes such wholesale crashing of the dollar unlikely, the implications are pretty clear that *Bitcoin is still preferable* as a long-term store of value, at least when compared with USD either in a vault or a bank account.
To argue the superiority of Bitcoin as a store of value over USD in a vault or a bank account, which is my premise, *I do not need to demonstrate that Bitcoin would not be affected* along with everyone who is invested in USD. Of course it would. To some extent, almost all economies are interconnected, to varying degrees. Some greatly affect others, and others are so loosely-correlated as to be safely ignored. The relative lack of BTC-USD friction vs. other currencies and the volume of users currently means that the USD would affect Bitcoin more than any other currency which is intertwined with Bitcoin.
All I need to do is assert the following: In the event of some event which has a meaninful effect on the USD, *someone invested in BTC will come out less injured* than one who holds the USD itself. The truth of this is a function of BTC being connected to *more than just* USD. This is much the same as noting that during the dot-com crash, some companies were hurt far greater than others, while even "unrelated" sectors felt the pain. For example:
If you were invested in, say, $AMZN,  which had a strong business model and survived entirely, and was wholly innocent of any of the misbehavior that *caused* the crash, you would still have found that you lost over 80% of your savings' value in just a few quarters. This was just the effect of he speculative value unwinding itself out of $AMZN. Meanwhile, if you were invested in $KO, for example, you'd have lost very little value over that same time period: Only a few percentage points. The speculative valuation that was erased in the dot-com crash was not a contributor to the perceived value of $KO.
All holders of value, be it stock or Bitcoin or USD have this value baked-in, and it is a combination of many psychological factors, particularly just aggregate social faith that the value will remain and that someone will accept a token tomorrow of whatever it is from you at an acceptable price, presumably very similar to the price today. There is great speculative value baked-into the USD, but it is not unshakable, as we've seen. China declared it had more than enough USD bonds last fall. We've lost a few credit ratings as a nation. All have shown up as some manner of dip in the USD-vs-other graphs.
**When things happen to USD, large or small, all that is necessary for me to embrace Bitcoin as a superior store of value is the knowledge that BTC is going to be *more decoupled* from them, and therefore I will retain more of my buying power, than I would have holding USD.**
@_date: 2014-02-18 02:26:12
One thing that continues to amaze me is the prevalence of truly *ancient* logical fallacies being used in Western academic-level political and economic debate. We're talking fallacies that would have gotten you laughed off the podium at age 12 in Aristotle's day. In fact, it's gotten to the point that even pointing out the fallacy doesn't help -- it's regarded with roughly the same attitude as is given to the oft-panned "grammar nazi". It's the anti-elitist, anti-intellectual cancer that is rampant in our society. This is not a problem in Asian nations, which is perhaps why China has been quite specific in dealing with Bitcoin. They need to maintain currency controls, and they're not afraid to use propaganda, but in the case of Bitcoin, none of the official statements were actually untrue or misrepresentations. Contrast that with the regular FUD pumped out of Western outlets.
@_date: 2014-01-12 11:12:51
Up til a few decades ago you could have added Slavery to that list. Depending on your opinion on the proper classification of sweatshop labor, perhaps it still exists. 
@_date: 2014-02-17 19:09:27
Buy signal indeed. Buffet agrees. 
@_date: 2014-05-06 17:44:41
Are you there personally? Where? I'm in planning with some contacts in Maracaibo for the strategy of it and can always use more insight. 
@_date: 2014-01-04 11:49:18
Haha. Wasn't Ben on record actually saying that he thinks Bitcoin has a lot of potential? *(edit: specifically, in a letter to the Senate, he supported the idea that the speed, efficiency, and security of Bitcoin and related innovation "may hold long-term promise" regarding his opinion on regulating, outlawing, etc.)* That one really warped my perspective a bit when I read it. I imagined a Ben Bernanke, who does always look rather dejected now that I am looking, disillusioned and with invisible shackles with the kings of all shadow bankers behind him, dreaming of casting off the chains but lacking the bravery to speak out or act against their wishes. 
It's a nice thought, anyway. FWIW he doesn't seem to be very wealthy for someone supposedly in charge of everything. 
@_date: 2014-01-13 02:42:32
Unless you don't have the cash flow to handle a few weeks of down market, it would take wild mismanagement to not be able to stay in Bitcoin. It's no different than a person who is paid in bitcoins but pays their bills in dollars -- such as myself. I am 100% in bitcoin and have been for over a year. I'm not broke; in fact I've done exceedingly well.
@_date: 2014-03-27 22:40:57
I'm fully aware of Coinbase's structure and backend concept, thank you very much. The objection that I have is the laziness and dishonesty: it is trivial to code it so that it is aware of the hot wallet balance. Letting users buy "instant" with no notification (never mind all that *other* stuff I posted) is not a pure, straight-arrow business practice. 
I'm just adding to the documentation available to encourage alternatives beyond the Coinbase circle jerk bubble. 
@_date: 2014-11-20 09:52:52
yo spread this around, those guys earlier killed this thread and it turns out Jillette owns bitcoin(s), this could be really awesome, better than what usually happens around here
@_date: 2014-01-06 02:25:43
"Daddy didn't fund business school" — clever. Your argument will go a lot farther without the equivalent of a playground taunt. How about some evidence to back up your claim that Netflix gets 1%, or near it, beyond conjecture? If you have been to business school (as if an MBA even warrants bragging rights anymore; it's the graduate equivalent of underwater basketweaving unless it comes from a small handful of schools) I hope you learned that numbers and facts win arguments, not semantics akin to "businesses cut deals because they're businesses and that is what businesses do!"
 I'll agree that whatever they pay, it's probably a very good rate, so maybe even 3.5% is high. (Doesn't really change the validity of my argument, since whether it is 5%, 3.5%, or less, I can guarantee it isn't as low as using Bitcoin as your payment system.)
Also, since all of my examples are US-only, so long as being pedantic is en vogue, unless you have insider information, their most recent earnings call declared just under 30 million US subscribers. 
And finally, also forcing me to question what, if anything, you learned at business school, you seem to believe that Netflix would get a large discount purely based on the fact that they lose nothing in the event of fraud:
First, I agree that they lose nothing, but I expect the RIAA and MPAA might argue this point. I'm not sure what Netflix thinks about piracy, as far as whether they lost anything. I guess since they stream, and it isn't p2p, they are out some fraction of a cent or perhaps a couple cents for the bandwidth through their peering agreements with CDNs etc. In any case they are out more than Disney is when something is watched via torrent without payment. 
Second, and this is really the crux of your cluelessness, credit card companies almost *always* revert the payment and leave the cost to the merchant. Even when it is something physical; reimbursement of merchants for the chargeback almost *never* happens. Visa et al refunds the customer, pulls the funds back from the merchant, and that is it. So, that is good for Netflix and Bitcoin, as it makes Bitcoin's lack of chargebacks a negligible risk for their business model; but it seems to have *jack fucking shit* to do (arguments are more valid if we add *fucking*) with whether a card company would offer a discount. 
So, what is your point exactly? And why are you replying to multiple comments by me in this comment tree with the exact same thing?
@_date: 2014-02-24 04:28:24
IRL buttcoins?
@_date: 2014-04-17 10:47:31
Correct use of the english language would have avoided this entire issue, as is often the case. As I said, how can I know if I agree or disagree if we aren't using the right words? Yes, that's the issue. As it turns out, it seems we agree on the math and understand it the same. So then, the problem is language. I despise what modern English has become for this. Do you really not see this as being insanely aggravating? You're arguing math, and I'm arguing that two simple words equal a different math entirely. 
Stop the madness, stop arguing. All that's required for us to agree with each other is for a mutual handshake and a "yep, UP TO should have read ON AVERAGE, and I agree that changes everything."
But I'M the douchebag, while I'm willing to agree that -- as I suspected and stated all along -- we were only at loggerheads because of a critical difference in a phrase. Sometimes language isn't that different from math. To not concede UP TO and ON AVERAGE are as critically different as, idk, a misplaced set of parentheses in a formula... that's what this feels like to me, like I saw a formula, and said "either you fucked up those parentheses, or you don't understand arithmetic" and instead of conceding the point, you proceed to argue that the parentheses shouldn't matter, I'm nitpicking, and should be able to mind-read where you really wanted them. Come on, man...
@_date: 2014-01-04 15:12:11
1. Yes, that is the quote I'm talking about. Actually, here is the full document, which includes Bernanke's letter. [ Also, I'll edit my quote to be more reflective of the phrasing in the letter.
2. When you read the context, it's clear that Bernanke is paraphrasing Blinder's testimony and presenting it in the letter to the Senate as his (Bernanke's) recommended viewpoint. It is not a direct quote from Blinder; it is a direct quote from Bernanke's letter, at which point Bernanke was paraphrasing, and placing the Vice Chairman as a supporting authority for Bernanke's opinion.
@_date: 2014-01-07 14:21:09
That's not what CB's repeated buy is for. It's for "I want 10% of my paycheck in Bitcoin without me touching a mouse."
Repeated spend is a subscription, included in CB, and comes out of your balance *completely free* and, for the first $1M at least, without a 1% fee on the merchant, either. (Yes, the merchant would pay the BTC-&gt;$ fee in the event you describe, not the user.)
@_date: 2014-04-04 06:10:12
Don't twist my words. I won't abide that. I can think of myriad ways a negative rate will be incentivized by the market. Negative rates were incentivized by the government when we had the subprime housing loans. This only imploded for lack of transparency. The banks got kickbacks from the government for making the subprime loans, loans which were negative with respect to the rate of inflation. 
@_date: 2014-04-17 12:55:30
What *I* meant, is that simply: 10 minutes or 20 makes no difference. The use of UP TO at this point in Bitcoin -- it's kinda been around for a long time, and if it were a class, that would be on the notes in day 1 -- equates to either "troll" or worse: "Asserting things as true, as if an expert, while not knowing the basics." Doesn't matter much which; the effect is the same. People who know, like us, aren't confused; others, are.
I probably did react with a less refined response that even I would desire, in retrospect. (For one, it wasn't clear what I meant, apparently, when correcting a discrepancy in English for its critical divergence from the facts of Bitcoin, so that's kinda ironic I guess.)
I never assumed *you* misunderstood probability personally. I assumed you misunderstood what I assumed. I've seen your username before. You aren't a complete moron or a troll. And then I probably proceeded to make the situation worse by not delineating between the collective *you* and the personal *you*. Another failure of language. One day the intellectuals will all speak lojban so we can avoid wasting all our time on avoiding ambiguous speech and discuss real things. One day...
@_date: 2014-01-01 17:51:48
Nothing to report unless the Guild starts not including transactions or repeatedly attempts large doublespends (still not powerful enough, they just have a "bigger" small chance than others). 
@_date: 2014-05-29 02:28:02
Before anyone asks, that means they did the smart thing and tried out the *free* Bitpay plan, and now are being rewarded with more attention than they expected. So, good  for them, and good for Bitpay.
@_date: 2014-05-15 12:36:20
Do you guys use "regular" debit / credit cards in Pakistan?
@_date: 2014-01-06 04:56:05
You don't take notice of a lot of things, evidently. Including that my zing the first time was only a tit-for-tat retort, not an initialization of insults.
UK also has guaranteed 24-hr SEPA transfers within the Eurozone, etc. etc. etc. tl;dr IT'S DIFFERENT unless you can prove otherwise. Assuming that article is even accurate. Here's a link more applicable to the US: [ Note the comments at bottom, too. Dude is paying almost 4%, and that's on transactions that are $100 on average.
 At least I had the decency to specify the applicable location to my calculation. You think everything is the way you see it, everywhere? People like you are the worst. I specifically calculated *and stated so* that my numbers apply to US cardholders only. You didn't read my post which makes it even *less* relevant that I be bothered by what you think you know.
Paypal delivers that rate because they (1) get "a good deal" as you'd call it and (2) average the cost over everything -- they use bank transfers which are basically free, too, and still charge that amount. SOURCE: I contract for Space-X and know Musk personally. We've talked about this exact topic. He is excited about the possibilities of Bitcoin too, and has a few ideas for how Paypal might integrate with it. IIRC, he's still on the board? I don't remember. Anyway I'm sure he and their execs still chat.
So, you see no use for it beyond your assessment. Fine, don't use it, and please piss off. I can replace most of your logic regarding bitcoins with internet and email and so forth, but I'd be wasting my time.
@_date: 2014-01-14 20:40:06
EDIT: I don't know what I was replying to, but I put it in the wrong place, I think. In any case, I'll just leave this here; but, DaPhanthom, I wasn't trying to reply to your post twice! Sorry.
Well, I'm not going over it again, because I get the feeling you're trying to "lead the witness" to suit your agenda, here. In summary, as I very clearly said, many people *wouldn't*, unless they are actively trading, in which case they *would and do* buy with it. Any time you trade for dollars or fiat, you're buying something with it. 
It doesn't matter whether those dollars are ultimately used for groceries or sit in an exchange. You bought dollars, because you felt BTC was worth less than them at that time.  Just as you'd buy a car with dollars (or with Bitcoin, or with gold, or with your firstborn's soul) -- the value of the bought thing (car, in this case), to you, exceeded the value of holding the thing you sold, be it USD, BTC, etc.
The market is highly speculation-driven, but is the least-speculatory it has ever been, and that's been the trend for five years now. Each passing day is less speculatory and more trade-based. We're a bit from it being describable as a primarily value-transfer system; it's still in the value-storage phase primarily. It will always be both, because if the properties it was designed with, on purpose.
@_date: 2014-01-03 07:09:13
One or a store full of ipads, maybe not. But, Bitcoin by definition propagates virally. Your evangelism comment is exactly why this is superior to going door-to-door asking if they've heard the good word about their savior, Bitcoin, which basically is a lot of what the serious evangelical Bitcoiners do! 
...We even call them evangelical. Your comment is curious to me, and I feel like you may just want to argue with *someone, anyone* on Reddit, but I'm giving you a serious response this time around.
Yes, I firmly believe that if thousands of iPads, in hundreds of stores, on the same day, just had their backgrounds set to the "bitcoin network" graphic posted on here the other day, and the Safari homepage set to Coindesk and all preloaded with ZeroBlock for the day, it would in fact have an affect on adoption rate. Hard to measure with individuals, like figuring out whose sneeze caused a specific flu case, but we know sneezes propagate the flu pretty effectively, or we wouldn't use tissues and sanitizer.
@_date: 2014-02-25 08:35:54
Agreed. I call shenanigans on the amount. It is 10x higher than I would've estimated possible. Contrast with this: 
 
...which looks similar to the page in the supposedly leaked document with all its lines redacted. I don't think they could owe that much, unless there are several very high-value abandoned accounts from forever ago, which you'd expect to see in the document too. Something to the effect of "300,000 coins sit in accounts with no login activity since before Jan. 2013" or something.
I buy the rebranding and everything, I just think those numbers are off. Edited before publishing, or intentional by Gox to regain liquidity, which is what my math tells me is the best explanation for this. The axiom of Hanlon's Razor, however, makes me unsure.
@_date: 2014-01-08 14:20:26
You may find this relevant to even your icy soul, hardened against bitcoins... ;) [
@_date: 2014-06-20 22:04:54
I might be giving them too much credit. It really may just be that they're buddies with the guy and he wrote good code. Coinbase's own iOS app was sorta-kinda-hacked earlier this year -- it was after it had been removed from the app store, so there was no ongoing support or development, so it only affected people who had downloaded it already and kept it. Something about infected PCs and non-iCloud (PC via cable, therefore) backups. Idk. It would probably be safe, though -- if *I* were Coinbase, this is exactly what I would do. I don't trust Americans. We sue for goddamn everything, regardless of whose fault it really was. The system doesn't disincentizive this properly, at present. 
@_date: 2014-05-06 22:33:04
I advise you reconsider what you think you know about how the world, let alone network architecture, works, if you aren't just trolling. But I'm not going to argue about this here. You're incorrect; and anyway, for claims as incredible as yours, the burden is on you to explain *how* they might accomplish this.
@_date: 2014-05-06 22:37:58
If you live in Colombia, I'd be very interested to chat.
@_date: 2014-06-07 21:45:28
This comes up far too often.
1.  A 51% attack actually means a &gt;50% attack.
2.  The operative word, *always* ignored or misunderstood, is **attack**. Achieving a sustained hashrates of &gt;50% the global nethash is not by itself an attack, and means nothing. Mining 6 blocks in a row at 10% means nothing. Mining 6 in a row at 50.00001% means nothing. Mining 6 in a row at 99% of the global nethash rate, in itself, *means nothing*. Mining 100 in a row at any % **means nothing** as far as the existence of a doublespend. 
3.  One must be planning to doublespend, and then execute that plan at the same time one achieves X blocks in a row (however many necessary for Y merchant to give you the sale). If you have 100% of the hashrates, you can be sure you will always succeed. At less than 100% you increase your odds of not getting X blocks in a row. For the same reason Martingale betting with a house edge is a surefire loss long-term, which some of you know all too well, IF someone wanted to execute a doublespend AND was a miner AND had &gt;50% of the nethash, for as long as they maintain &gt;50%, regardless of the number of confirmations required, be it 1, 3, 6, or 1000, statistically all they must do is wait very patiently. In practicality there are some constraints, just like with Martingale betting. 
This is addressed with pretty math and explanations at the end of the original whitepaper very well. It's only a *seven page* PDF. F'ing **read it**.
@_date: 2014-04-04 15:19:53
Hmm. Let me ask you two questions then: 
1. Why do banks loan money now, when there are other things that could be done with the same amount of funds that achieve a higher rate of return than the profit off the loans at the rates they offer? (For example, just a couple years ago, you could get a 6% 10-year CD, but mortgages were routinely issued at lower rates, sometimes much lower. Followup: Why were mortgages issued at sub-3%? That's the equivalent of a negative-interest loan, considering inflation is 3.1%. Already that's strange, but especially considering the alternative of 6%.)
2. If you were the last human on earth and there were two boxes, one which paid back whatever you put in at -3% and one at 0% (and you had a need for a functional money despite being alone) what box would you choose? 
Regarding  I believe you when you say you'd pick the 0% one, which is what you're telling me. 
The answer to  is, there are always externalities, except in the event of  
@_date: 2014-01-03 06:28:07
What's the limit? Angry birds and leaving fingerprints? Changing the background? You authoritarian fool. Apple itself is nowhere near as restrictive as it sounds you would be as their leader.
Apple expressly allows store visitors to do anything that is permitted within the stock ecosystem. So, bringing a laptop and jailbreaking it, bad. Anything else, good. Everything not forbidden is permitted. 
That said, there probably isn't a way to do this without breaking the rules, so it would be negative for Bitcoin. If *that* is what you meant, please be more specific.
@_date: 2014-01-19 06:40:26
Yes it does. You click the "code not working?" Link and they give you choices including "call my number" and "send SMS". 
@_date: 2014-01-14 18:28:30
Because I am such an extreme case, take this: I'm full-Bitcoin. All savings exist as either Bitcoin, or sit in BTCChina as fiat (because the CNY is appreciating against the USD at about 3% per year since 2005, so if I'm going to sit on a fiat while BTC does a nosedive, I may as well make 3% APY vs. USD while I'm at it.)
Yesterday, the wife bought some stuff on Amazon, and Overstock (been pointing her there for support and because, if the prices are comparable to Amazon, it's one step less). We also shopped for general groceries and household stuff at Target.
Overstock, obviously BTC directly. Amazon, I went through Gyft. Not really any longer than paying any other way, once you've done it. Likewise with Target. 
It's impractical to have a billion gift card accounts, but major retailers make it pretty easy. Obviously, if I drop by the corner store, I use my CC (a BofA with 3% rewards at gas stations, no less, and since BofA has been the "most supportive" of major banks of Bitcoin, and gives me no hassle with my BTC businesses thus far, I like them). 
But, guess what -- if I held USD, I'd still have to buy groceries. The things I need to buy, I need to buy, regardless of what currency I *personally* choose as my "reserve currency". Bitcoin happens to be a very convenient reserve currency, for its ease at becoming whatever I need it to be, rapidly, and because with time, it tends to rise in value.
If I'm being especially proactive, maybe I watch the long-term chart trends and buy a month's worth of Target and Amazon etc. ahead of time, when BTC appears overbought. My $2000 of Target credit was bought when Bitcoin was $900 after New Year's. Mathematically, this sort of planning also serves to help stabilize the BTC rate.
But regardless, even without proactive planning like that, the outcome still makes sense to spend the BTC. I have to spend something. If I have extra USD, the entire premise behind "why would anyone spend BTC" is invalid, because if I believe in BTC that strongly, why the fuck am I holding uninvested USD at all? It should *already* be BTC.
@_date: 2014-05-13 04:38:35
Followup: In the grand scheme of things, why do we care? If it's because we want people to have unbiased resources to learn about this Bitcoin thing we breathe, we'd do well to be the “adults” and be meeker for a bit. This Bitcoin thing, and the blockchain tech in particular that will create DAEs (*Entity*; I prefer it as it covers the concepts of DAO &amp; DAC as we'll as more singular future ideas that truly don't involve people at all), isn't going away. 
At this point we must, even subconsciously, strive to think less about adoption rates and market cap, and be better “witnesses” (as my devout Baptist mother would call it). Which is appropriate, because in many circles we are received not much better than cultists. Whether we care about only ourselves and increasing the valuation, or care about the world and spreading freedom-enabling tech, the path is the same. Be dispassionate, objective, and rational. Ask questions, don't lecture. Proper questioning will reveal the flaws in the arguments against Bitcoin far better than pointing them out. People believe in things via inception, not by being bludgeoned. 
And, if they insist on behaving like trolls even in the face of logic and rational discussion, ignore them and walk away. For every good debate on Bitcoin there are ten thousand threads that have devolved into playground bickering. (No wonder the same questions come up so much. Even a search will reveal mostly threads where 5% of posts discuss the issue and the rest are extraneous or hostile.)
Somebody—maybe I'll look at it later—should go about rewriting the DAx article and attempting to make it indisputably “neutral” according to the wiki *editors*. Yes, that means probably not actually neutral, and instead spending more time than necessary on the criticisms and shortcomings of our current conception of DAEs. It can evolve towards the positive in time over many edits and small changes, but it needs to exist unchallenged first. 
@_date: 2014-01-07 16:13:50
If you believe your assessment of overvaluation is accurate, you are quite foolish not to short it.
@_date: 2014-01-20 00:45:54
Yes but the point (I think) is that it be clear that whether you use Authy or Google Authenticator, you are equally susceptible to the SMS attack vector, just as much as if you didn't use them at all. 
@_date: 2014-03-27 22:45:21


Note my phrasing. Not 20% of orders: perhaps 5% of them. But overall, as a percentage of coins ordered vs. delivered, it's about a 20% cancellation rate. That implies a bias on the larger orders; and, likely a bias toward Coinbase's favor, or else I'd have re-ordered because the price was even better than the cancelled one. It has only been in my favor once, with the failed instant order. 
@_date: 2014-05-07 21:10:28




Oh boy, so you proposing that Venezuela may become equivalent to the DPRK with their internet. Ok. 


[citation needed]


[which?] 


Fine. Sure. But then what? Any country *could*. I require reasonable conjecture why it could reasonably happen in Venezuela. There are some key differences, including that Venezuelans *have already used the real internet*. Oh, and Venezuelans don't believe their leader is a divinely-appointed ruler who can mind-read.Again nodes are easy to find and shut down within the national network due again to your control over the ISPs.
If they wanted to stop bitcoin in the country or make it unusable for the majority of the population it would be easy.
@_date: 2014-02-26 23:41:29
You noticed this too? They are *really* awful. Like, noticeably so, even for an MSM rag.
@_date: 2014-03-16 17:46:14
The act of using Bitcoin in place of other methods yields a net benefit due to the measurable decrease in total friction in the global economy. Thus, it is the use itself that creates a return, a net benefit for society on the whole. That's not to say inventions *using* Bitcoin are no better than simply using Bitcoin. There are certainly inventions that can be created which themselves are beneficial, so it multiplies, just like investing in, say, $TSLA could be considered to have a greater benefit to society than simply holding the dollars themselves.
I will also assert that speculation and investment are two words that, while having perhaps different psychological weights and connotations, signify the same mathematical function. The physics of the economy doesn't care which word you use.
@_date: 2014-01-14 21:01:01
(Because I realize you are mixing metaphors)
Well, around these parts we Bitcoin devotees and early adopters have a lot of reasons why *we think* it's enough of a jump up from your old phone to get on board now. There's math reasons, using economic equations, it's much nearer to *frictionless* in transit, and a host of things. Just like I'd tell you that you'd be assuredly pleased with a switch from a legacy blackberry to a new android or iphone (maybe not one with iOS7... the shit I have had to tweak to make that run even bearably on my iPhone 5 and iPad 4... incredible, Apple, Jobs was dead for long? He'd fire all of you...). 
But really, just as there are folks who still prefer their old nokias, there will be those, for a long time IMO, who don't feel that the benefits are worth figuring out something new and different. Yes, this makes you like my grandma and VCRs, in the long run. But I love my grandma, and I will help her with her VCR for as long as she likes. (I'll be happy to help her adopt something newer, too.)
Also, happily, the difference here too is, Bitcoin's lack of friction will eventually cause banks to have to compete on some level. Maybe even a lot. Competition is good. So, it's feasible that in 3 or 4 years, using the traditional banking system may be a lot less frictional than it is today, and you didn't even have to touch a Bitcoin! (This won't work if *everyone* does as you propose, but I doubt you alone will stop Bitcoin's progress much -- although it does propagate virally / socially, so there is some multiplicative effect to measure; unlike, say, voting, which typically is completely isolated: If I don't vote, that changes no one's mind, about candidates, or voting itself.)
@_date: 2014-05-23 06:19:44
Precisely. Thus, the solution to the proposed problem is to *actually* decentralize the community. Make another reddit that overtakes this one, make another forum (it's been done, and indeed I rarely go to BCT anymore) etc.
@_date: 2014-06-05 18:40:07
Don't forget our favorite meme of media. I'm mobile but you'll recognize it. Someone reply with the img: The one w/the silhouette of the guy getting stabbed in the frame on TV, and then the other panel is zoomed out and real life and you see the knife is a shoe and the stabbee is actually pursuing the guy.
@_date: 2014-05-13 04:50:00
Olive branch subthread: 
@_date: 2014-01-04 17:23:15
And I was simply making a pun. In reality the tax code is *oppressive.* Also the reason people do that is because they conflate regressive and repressive, and both sound bad, (regress, repress) while progressive sounds like progress. So yeah, they don't understand what the words really mean when related to money, similar to the brainwashing where deflation sounds bad, but I bet until last year when they implemented a completely different policy targeting inflation for the first time, and thereby fucked the Yen from 72 JPY per USD to now 105... before that, the Japanese were a *big fan* of deflation every time they vacationed in Guam.
@_date: 2014-05-23 15:10:14
I've no doubt this will be said a million times in here, but: This is not a unique piece of investment advice. Certainly not unique to bitcoin. 
Again -- and I'm not curious enough to google it and see how prevalent it is, but someone might just for grins -- *this is general investment advice, and* ***not Bitcoin-specific*** *in any way.*
@_date: 2014-01-14 19:19:43
Depends on belief and commitment. 
What perhaps you really should be asking (and maybe you are, without knowing it) is what does this mean for Bitcoin?
Simple. Same as you'd expect, and same as the common sense, mostly. For many people, Bitcoin is still speculative. It is an investment in a technology, like a stock. A stock which promises them to store their value better than other investments. It also promises to, with time, be a stock that can be spent like cash. They invest based on the degree to which they believe that. Then they will hold until their believe changes enough to warrant changing their investment ratio.
It's a necessary part of the adoption process. The other side, involves BitPay, Coinbase, Overstock, and that sort of thing. It's both chicken and egg and neither. Without heavy speculative investment, there could be no Overstock. But without Overstock, it would remain only speculation, and the world would eventually move on, fulfilling the potential future where Bitcoins were like a really, really slow tulip mania. (That was pre-viral internet days, and it transpired all in a single year. It would be unprecedented in the internet age for Bitcoin to wind up that way, after existing as it has for so long.)
Eventually, investors find themselves with a plethora of ways to spend it, fulfilling most of the tech's promises. The economy is rewarded with lower *friction of value transfer* (in both decreased true latency-of-transfer and in decreased cost of transfer), as well as utterly slashing the inertial coefficient of *k* in the equation of exchange, which will serve to actually keep the purest of Keynesians happy by incentivizing the maintenance of a high *V*. 
So, yes, there are indeed plenty of *investors* who have little reason to spend BTC preferentially. Probably they do it indirectly, still, by trading in and out of fiat first, based on their confidence on the exchange rate and the trend. Happily, this still counts as *V* in the equation, so we all win.
@_date: 2014-04-03 07:32:05
—&gt; 
@_date: 2014-05-29 04:26:50
Got it. :) Humor with strangers is tricky without facial expressions. English.  And I'm also just a *liiittle* bit aspie, so there's that.
@_date: 2014-02-17 19:07:55
Yep. This is one of the most useful tactics to use to draw them into a few minutes of concentrated and obvious hypocrisy. Get them to restate the summary of why they believe  and then draw out how that makes little sense when convinced that it's a "flash in a pan" / ponzi bubble, which don't hurt the economy unless they're bank-sized, in which case they're bailed out. Bonus points for logically proving Bitcoin should be bailed out if it "fails" in their world. 
@_date: 2014-01-03 06:24:33
Haha, and you really (1) haven't seen any of my other posts and (2) are woefully incorrect about what you think I meant. I'm not going to spell it out for you because I'm not that interested in teaching you the nuances of symbolism and literary irony as used in my post. Or the book, if you thought Palahniuk would appreciate the assertion that applying his message requires literally bombing buildings and destroying cities.
tl;dr *all I meant was a nationwide coordinated effort, as long as it was enough to get some news coverage and attention of people in the stores, would be a good idea*. Done intelligently, it wouldn't even mention Apple's stance. Just get a ton of Apple users interested in BTC, and the winds of change will do their thing. Ya know, without actual real *violent, literal* Project Mayhem shit IRL.
@_date: 2014-01-02 07:59:57
@_date: 2014-05-29 03:28:09
I am. Point of fact, I'm very pro-Darkcoin, and I *hate* altcoins. It is literally the only alt I have ever owned, besides LTC and MYR.
It was, however, too good a joke to pass up ;)
@_date: 2014-04-03 18:48:31
You're missing the part where its value is *created* by the government. Of course there would be market ramifications of the government adopting Bitcoin as the currency, just like the dollar being used by everyone for oil purchases has strengthened the dollar extensively. But, the dollar is certainly not acceptable fiat currency in the UAE. 
Likewise, in the days when dollars were promissory notes or when we had gold, the only fiat element was the difference between the market value and the declared value. (This is called seigniorage.) If the US somehow created a system of many 2-of-3 keys where that worked as the new dollars or whatever, and in-country declared they were worth $800 while the market rate of bitcoin is $450, there is an element of fiat there. 
@_date: 2014-04-03 07:33:25
Time value of money. 
Also please —&gt;  for context, how a loan might work and why that might not be bad (for the lender or the borrower). 
@_date: 2014-01-03 05:27:20
Yes, this is a genius idea actually. I'm filing this away under "project mayhem IRL" for when I have time to organize something. Not sure how to do it nationwide simultaneously just yet. 
EDIT: For those tuning in, I believe it's a genius idea because I see Bitcoin as the current main iteration of the blockchain and trustless ownership transfer protocol. If you see OP's post and "Bitcoin" is replaceable with "TSLA" or anything else in your mind, I understand why this would seem like a greedy, childish ploy for market cap. (TSLA rocks, but I'm sure Elon too wants it to stand on its merits and not a physiological bubble of fanaticism.) For me Bitcoin is almost nothing like a company or a stock. It's a symbol of freedom. 
@_date: 2014-04-03 18:34:38
It's perhaps an unsatisfying answer, but basically: They wouldn't, unless it was more profitable. But everyone's always looking for a way to offer services and goods for profit. If the market was saturated with credit and didn't need any more, then that's that. Much like the equilibrium we'll eventually see with mining. 


You wouldn't. You'll only do things that can turn a profit. If you as a small bank can find no way to offer any services for a sufficient profit to stay in business, then you will go out of business. It is no different than today.
As far as creative ways for finding that profit: Sky's the limit. People will want houses and other things, before they have saved enough for them. Builders will want to sell houses today, not wait thirty years. In order to satisfy the market, conditions and contracts and deals will be made, and for all that to work, everyone has to walk away from the deal satisfied that they got *basically* what they wanted out of it. A house was bought and sold and a profit was made. There's no guarantee it'll be negative rates, either, or perhaps not exclusively. The current norms for interest and loans are just that: the current norms based on the system we use. Maybe a smaller bank would offer a -1% loan and the builder will kick in an incentive up-front to the bank to do the deal such that it works out more profitable than merely holding, in the end. (Naturally, this is then priced into the house, though the buyer may not see it.) Or whatever. We weren't born with universal knowledge dictating 3.1% inflation, 3.25% prime rates, 3% cash back incentives on credit cards, etc etc. These are all inventions to get people to do things, such that the terms of a deal are mutually attractive.
In a sense, you're kind of asking me to nearly freeze time and describe a titration reaction at a molecular level, bond by bond as it occurs, perhaps even describing how the electrons interact. It's hard to make short sense of it with that level of detail, because there are so many things happening all at the same time, and even little charges on the opposite side of the beaker have some finite but measurable effect on the rate of reaction and so on.
Here's the other thing: Within some reasonable limitation at least, any scheme would work just as well. The 21M coin thing is a mathematical red herring which all these econostrologists get caught up on. It's a rather unfortunate choice in some regards that way, because it confuses the shit out of people. But there's nothing wrong with it. (The only way it would ever be problematic is if we couldn't extend the number of decimals to provide the sheer base-unit liquidity needed by the market, but we can.) The reason Bitcoin has benefits is the monumental leap of removing friction in the markets (at a global scale, no less), the security, cost savings from eliminating the need for middlemen and removing the consistent risk of periodic failures of management (putting it at a personal level at least), and the fact that it isn't a black box with weird barriers known only to certain bankers, etc.
A constant 1% mining, instead of terminating at 21M, would work fine too. The importance is the features of Bitcoin, and it being 100% predictable. Even if it were 1%, we'd know *exactly* what that meant, and everyone *can* (if they like) take the same math that I use and find out what's going on and what makes sense. The 0% doesn't matter. In fact, as said above, the only place it will eventually matter is if we lose enough coins that we need more than 8 decimals of precision, but that's a simple tweak .
@_date: 2014-04-02 20:44:23
It's the exact same cost basis for someone who bought in at $250 last year. The only way to really lose is to get emotional about an unrealized loss that has no evidence supporting it being all but temporary. 
BTW, new money probably won't come from the US. We're in at a comfortable level. Debt and mismanagement aside, everyone's too brainwashed by the MSM to do anything rational. Basically, illusory or not, life seems pretty decent in the US and the western world, for the most part. The incentive isn't high enough. The US in particular is less than 5% of the world population. Even this last bubble began external to the US, and the US just jumped in to momentum-trade.
The new money will be bigger money, banker money, and then "bottom" money in places where Bitcoin looks stabler than their local currency. Then and only then will the comfy middle class jump back in to ride the wave again. 
Bitcoin and the overall trend doesn't care about the 1/100th of 1 percent of the population of the US who bought in at $750 - $1200 last time around, and neither do I. I've got plenty that I bought at that price point as well. 
Nobody believes *you*. Or at least I don't, and nobody else sees this anyway: It's long since been just you and me. Reddit collapsed your comment and this thread shortly after you wrote it anyway. I'm not attracting new *anything* here. 
But I read the whitepaper mere weeks after it came out, didn't pay much attention -- I assumed the tech would get used *within* the existing system first, and no one would actually buy off on Bitcoin itself -- until the 10kBTC pizza and the launch of the *original* Gox. 
I used my compute power for distributed compute projects like F I've actually only mined a couple BTC, back in the spring of '13. It's easier to just buy them. So I've got coins from all across the price spectrum, and despite having probably 100 or more that I acquired above the current trade price (I'm 100% bitcoin for anything other than petty cash) I'm perfectly okay with that. If we assume I take a permanent loss and the price remains around even $450, that's okay. Because I can do anything and go anywhere and nobody but me can lose control of those funds. There's amazing peace to that.
tbh, I don't know if you're a paid troll -- it approaches that being the most rational answer to your presence -- but sooner or later you're going to have to realize this as well. You'll come over to the side of freedom and peace eventually. Or you'll suffer misery and will eventually perish wasting your life's opportunities. Few still, are in your position: To have seen what you have and to ignore it is incredible to me. There are billions around the world who in 20 years would give anything to have been in your position. It doesn't matter who's paying you or even if you're just incredibly committed to a flawed position you took a year or two ago. One does not simply un-invent the blockchain. I cannot believe you don't realize this.
Either way. Keep up the fight I guess. You don't seem to have much energy though.
@_date: 2014-03-16 07:47:59
For me it's a mixed bag, which IMO makes it worse, as I discussed w/Andreas as we were both imbibing around the fire at Lost Pines last weekend. Stuff like this. It gives casual users a false sense of security, since most things work fine, but then random shit like this can put you in a world or fear and hurt.
Another example is a few weeks back, I tried to help a user access bitcoins he had the PrivKey for, even: I've been here since circa the Finney transaction, and *I* wasn't aware of this issue, but there is a scam floating around where users are suckered into accepting a keypair "to save on the TX fee" (mistake  of course), figuring they'll spend it before the seller can in case he attempts to sweep them after the sale. 
Interestingly, this isn't even the scam: The scam is that the coins are at an unspendable but seemingly-legal address. The seller never controlled the coins, though we usually speak of owning the PrivKey = control of the coins; sole ownership = sole control. You can import the keypair in most wallets (including BCi) but attempts to spend result in an obscure error. Right now there are about 3 BTC on this address. Users are suckered usually by being offered some form of discount on the BTC (like, $1500 for the 3 or similar).
Long story short, we still have a lot of work to do.
@_date: 2014-01-04 13:15:26
You'd be fucked if they can *prove* that you had a certain cost basis and didn't pay. You'll attract a *lot* of attention if you try to claim very small, zero, or negative cost basis, if you didn't have any income to explain how you have food and a car, and that may turn out badly. But simply receiving an ACH tells them nothing about the cost basis, and contrary to the Tax Adviser's post, I strongly challenge the notion that the IRS could claim a zero cost basis and have that hold up to any scrutiny. 
They can't do that for the same reason you can't claim a negative cost basis that would result in a tax return where the IRS pays you money for it -- you need to prove it 100%. Unless you have definitive documentation showing you bought at $1200 and sold at $500, you can't claim that. Scary though the IRS may be, they could try to claim you shit out $0 bitcoins and made an infinite percent gain, but that shit will not hold up, and I doubt they'd even try it. 
But hey, I'm not an actual CPA. My mother was, but I haven't asked her. I also don't really care, because if the IRS tried to pull that level of crazy shit on me, I would not stick around. I'm still in the US because we're *worried* that things are headed that way slowly. We aren't anywhere near that yet.
@_date: 2014-04-17 00:08:48
Up to 20 minutes… where do you trolls get this stuff
@_date: 2014-04-02 06:10:33
Prove that nobody cares about it. 
@_date: 2014-05-29 04:15:08
Bitcoin: A Lesson in Boxing Goxes
We unboxed the Gox in 2009. Oh how we wish we could rebox the Gox. It was not so simple: Unboxing goxes is like elliptic curve cryptography. In March, we thought we'd finally reboxed our Gox, but this Gox is a fox of a Gox. This Gox refused to kick rocks. 
@_date: 2014-04-02 06:42:13
While past performance doesn't guarantee future gain… guess where it really, really looks like we are?
@_date: 2014-02-22 18:13:13
Ok. Maybe that's why he sold it? Or maybe not. Either way, I don't think we're discussing TSLA, SpaceX or SCTY so what the fuck does Musk have to do with Paypal's behavior beyond the irrelevant anecdote that he began it ages ago with some other guys?
@_date: 2014-05-29 04:32:22
Figure because they are (almost completely) decentralized and have literally nothing but their rep to go on. Whereas in the rest of the world, BTCe is feared and Gox was trusted, because "We have Karpeles' dox and we know who to come for and it'd be illegal for him to steal from us". Which worked out pretty well. 
@_date: 2014-03-16 17:02:05
Why thank you. :)
@_date: 2014-04-03 11:47:09
No, it's the correct definition. Dictionary relativism isn't even argued by general relativists (who are almost exclusively misguided anyway).


Also: 
@_date: 2014-03-03 11:53:25
God, I hope so. It's not exaggerating to say that I have not seen such simplistic and punctuation-devoid syntax since my 3rd grade homeschool reading trainers. (Though my youngest brother brought home a paper to peer review in 8th grade that comes close.) 
Except, although simplistic, those were at least also devoid of mistakes. This is one of the most depressing things I've read in a while, just from a "state of US literacy" perspective. 
However, I've seen a lot of beginner's English, from a couple Asian places and plenty of Spanish origin. This has all the hallmarks of New Facebook English. 
@_date: 2014-03-16 12:08:40
While I realize I didn't specify the items I place in the category "Risks your bank is exposed to" -- which really means, "risks to my ability to recover the exact same buying power I deposited" -- I intended to include *all* things in that.
Specifically, a few examples includes the fact that *I* don't control any of the things outside of my own productivity in the economy, and there are many things that are outside my control that can damage my ability to use $1000 of buying power from Today, in the Tomorrows. Some of these things would seem pretty unlikely, and I'd agree. The exact likelihood is unknowable, however.
Thus, holding physical dollars in a vault has one set of risks; holding them in a bank is another. Some of the risks overlap: In both cases, I am subject to the same devaluation of purchasing power. With a vault, there are risks inherent to the physicality of the cash. With the bank, the risks are to bank defaults. I'm protected from that by the assumption that the FDIC will cover my loss. There are risks (probably small) in that assumption, such that it hinges on the FDIC being able to make good on its duties, which means the scale of defaults must be within its ability to bankroll. It also includes the risk -- often not considered by people, in my experience -- that even *if* the FDIC can bankroll the loss, there will be a not-insignificant period of time where I do not have the money. Hopefully I can survive that period of time. Perhaps I provisioned my resources 50/50 across two banks, reducing the cross-sectional area of my risk exposure.
These are only things that individuals can decide for themselves. I just encourage considering it objectively and rationally, based on individual needs and risk tolerance.
@_date: 2014-02-27 01:42:34
Agreed. I interpreted the meaning behind your first comment differently.
I'd also say that, while I'm not a fan of US taxation because of the whole indirectly-funding-murder thing (and just about everything else), I gladly pay my taxes in Japan, for example, because the worst thing they do with it, is perhaps be less efficient with it than a private company might be in some cases. Even that's a small amount compared to the wasted funds in the US. Just about everything we pay taxes for in the US, Japan does a hundredfold better. The rest of the things, the evil things, we don't pay for. No foreign wars, no corrupt murderers-with-badges, awesome healthcare, no homeless, no jobless. Come to think of it, maybe the worst use of taxes in Japan is if they use it to invest in US Dollar bonds, indirectly funding the machine too... but I think they stopped a while back when the dollar really started to suck.
That said, ignoring the ethical Kitty Genovese issue of paying taxes^1 in the US at all, tax evasion is not a victimless crime. The state is doing things with your money, and you are receiving things in return; things which you agree to by participating in the system. (Again, this is massive simplification, because there's no easy opt-out either.) 
If anything, tax evasion is a little bit like stealing cable TV service in an area where the cable company holds a complete monopoly. (And before Netflix etc.) There's not an immediately obvious victim, and the cable company is definitely kind of fucking you, *but* it's definitely not a 100% victimless crime.
^1 The question, then, is whether it is a worse crime to steal the US monopoly on services by receiving the good things without contributing taxes; or a worse crime to contribute to all the bad things by negligently allowing them to use your dollars to do things *we all know they do* in order to receive the forcibly-monopolistically-run benefits also. I'm not sure. I avoid the dilemma by paying Japanese taxes.
@_date: 2014-03-12 08:05:29
Yep. Massive b2b flow would do more to tame volatility (which really isn't even that significant, barring front-page news, and even that requirement is getting limited to "real" aka non-Newsweek MSM rags) than anything even larger groups of users could do. 
@_date: 2014-03-28 03:55:52
nope, nope, nope.
@_date: 2014-02-08 23:23:07
No doubt. Just as a Tesla and an A4 TDI are equally interesting to folks who wish to have wheeled transport. The technologies behind that are largely different, though. Just wanting to make that clear. There are definitely some similarities, but mostly in what the end result is (distributed, p2p exchange). The way it is accomplished is very different. Ripple is a nice attempt, but unfortunately it does not appear to be incentives-compatible. 
@_date: 2014-02-18 02:33:19
Haha. Ok, dickhead. ;) Yes, but that's a pretty extreme case. 
For you, I will rephrase it more accurately: 
For the duration that a technology exists in the exponential phase of the adoption sigmoid, it is impossible to tell the difference between the final termination of the exponential phase, and corrective pullbacks along the way; and, it is impossible to predict the final correction except in the extreme case that it has been demonstrably adopted by the majority of the addressable market, such that continued exponential growth is impossible due to an insufficient remaining market size.
@_date: 2014-04-02 17:56:28
Log charts are the only way to properly view patterns in things that experience periods of log growth. Yours only looks like yours by not viewing the recent movement in context and you know it. 
@_date: 2014-04-17 14:11:55
Yeah. Sorry for not helping as much as I could have to arrive at that earlier... I get cranky at times. You have no control over whether I respond to you after, say, a dozen other *really, really* dumb posts, or whether I see yours fresh and before I'm drained of patience. 
@_date: 2014-03-16 14:04:25
For me it is. I just answered in lengthier form as to the *why*, which is a why that I would assert applies to most people.
The unmentioned risks of holding BTC, of course, are primarily technical ones: I possess the technical literacy to be sure that I indeed control my bitcoin, and only I, and that I am adequately protected from losing that control in any events within the reasonable boundaries I have chosen to be concerned with. (As in, an event in which the planet is reduced to the stone age is not within my selected bounds, or else I might have chosen gold. Most events shy of that severity have been considered, however. My bitcoin will unlock itself for my family in the event of my death, for example.)
@_date: 2014-03-30 18:57:36
Which is contradictory to the Fincen interpretation which says there is no cost basis for coins originating as a coinbase transaction, and they don't gain a value until traded; and, in any case, the IRS ruling is self-contradictory anyway, inasmuch as it requires things — beyond the much-discussed incredibly unreasonable and cumbersome ones — which are literally impossible. 
Therefore, there isn't much else to do but wait for a ruling that isn't written in a way that results in the equivalent of a BSOD when executing it. Pay capital gains or income based on FIFO or LIFO or whatever you pick for consistency when converting to fiat. 
Bonus points, track purchases worth over $600 to the same entity. Buy a flight on CheapOAir, track the equivalent and set aside money for the equivalent you'd have had to withhold if you'd made that in USD. I don't plan to do this, BTW, but good on you if you do. This already begins to tread into nonsense land so I don't plan to track half the things when another half cannot be. Again, if you do this, just pick LIFO or FIFO and stick with it and you're fine. 
Anything beyond that — coin-to-coin trades, for example — is utter nonsense and impossible in 95% of cases, and results in taxes-on-taxes-on-taxes and isn't how anything else works anywhere, including in the US. If they want to play this game I'm going to declare depreciation of dollar-based assets vs. a basket of goods (property-type) due to inflation as a loss. 
That's already where this really boils my blood anyway: I can take something, anything, and if it is worth the same everywhere else but the dollar depreciates against it — say I have an amount of palladium. Physically. Let's say I dug it up out of my own backyard. For our example let's say that this palladium chunk was worth 3000 CNY, or 55,000 JPY, or 1 BTC, or 450 AUD, or 500 USD one day. Let's say the next day all those are unchanged relative to the palladium except the USD: Due to inflation or whatever, it is now worth 600. The IRS sees it backwards: despite the fact that the palladium is the same, and is worth no more or less to the other 6.7 billion on the planet, and I can't trade it for anything more than before except for Federal Reserve Notes, which is also irrelevant to me because the 600 USD that is now worth that palladium is also worth the above amounts of other currencies, and will buy the same amount of milk and bread that it did before when it was 500 USD. All that changed is the USD became worth less, but now I am to be taxed for my gain of $100, despite all the math saying I gained nothing: I merely avoided a loss. 
Clearly all currencies are in flux so this simplifies the problem, but the end result is, unless the dollar outperforms the market (whereby you can buy a basket of goods for less dollars, which is a true gain for you if you have dollars), you would be wise to invest in a more responsibly managed value store; and, the IRS believes it has the right to define a loss as a gain and extort an average of 6 cents for every cent in circulation (because everything is a tax upon a tax) to cover the financial mismanagement of a nation.
@_date: 2014-01-08 14:19:25
FYI: [
@_date: 2014-04-17 08:38:09
Shows complete misunderstanding or deliberate intent to deceive. Not how CC works, and still not how Bitcoin works. "Up to 10 mins" -- incorrect, even by your own link. Not how averages work. 2 seconds for CC, also incorrect.
If you're lying, I'm calling you out but not wasting more time. If you're merely uninformed (PC speech for *dumb* since this info is all freely and easily available), I'm also not wasting more time beyond declaring this.
Go away.
@_date: 2014-02-24 06:06:50
That, indeed, is phase 3 of the Ghandi quote we frequently use around these parts. Mostly, we've been in phase 2. Anyone who thinks that the Krugmans of the world are doing anything other than "making fun" of Bitcoin in their own way, are mistaken. Fighting we have not seen, except perhaps in India. They are also unique in that it's one of the rare places where things really work in an "everything not permitted is forbidden" legally there. 
@_date: 2014-01-12 21:41:55
Pretty much agreed all around. Slavery certainly has economic benefits... but it sucks if you're a slave! Likewise I think, while not as overtly appalling, we are evolving past a utility for such economic and monetary shackles. The internet removes the need for much of any central planning. 
@_date: 2014-02-22 18:10:35
You said "and". Of course he's SpaceX's CEO. He's not PayPal *and* SpaceX's CEO. Words matter. Be precise. I'm sure you're one of those who feels this is insignificant, somehow. The simple use of "and" changes everything there. You were supporting that other fool's assertion that Musk is CEO for PP, which is incorrect and absurd. 
@_date: 2014-04-03 11:50:04
No. Definitions are important. Without consistent meaning in our speech and vocabulary, we become incapable of logical discussion. See Orwell's 1964 essay, Politics and the English Language.
We are gradually regressing to primates just screeching sounds that feel nice. Bitcoin is not fiat, because fiat has a long-accepted definition that is in flux or up for discussion.
--&gt; 
@_date: 2014-01-06 16:20:22
Well, they can't be a scam. Their stock can be overvalued, in the opinion of parts of the market. Interestingly, as long as they aren't actually a scam (like, for example, herbalife may be) it doesn't really matter what their stock price does. It could correct to its true value, and the shareholders would cry, but as long as they continue to have a similar userbase and process similar amounts of money and transactions, Bitcoin will benefit just the same. TSLA is widely regarded as overvalued by analysts. If they accepted BTC in-house tomorrow, via Bitpay, would you feel the same way? Why the Netflix hate? They aren't disappearing. If their stock corrects and it becomes useful, they'll be bought out by someone, who presumably will continue using BTC at that point.
@_date: 2014-11-20 09:54:36
i bet he does, see higher up in the thread now
@_date: 2014-01-06 09:49:01
I don't think you realize (seems like the cool phrase to start with) how much Netflix will gain in money they don't bleed to the credit card processing companies. The lower the transaction, the higher the percentage, because it's a % + flat thing -- usually 3 - 5% and a flat rate of 35 to 45 cents. It's been pointed out that Netflix probably can command a really awesome rate, so let's pull a number out randomly and say 2.25% and 22 cents. Out of $7 or $8 transactions, that's 6, 7%. For no extra money from subscribers, I think the shareholders might notice.
@_date: 2014-01-06 08:09:00
Are you so dense that you think I linked it without reading it? (I guess so, since that is your apparent debate method -- "pound the table" as it were...) It is also discussed that that is a low number because it doesn't include some costs of accepting credit cards that aren't in the quoted fees, *and* even without that I'm still a LOT more right than you are: 2.5% or even 2.3% is a significant amount, because that also implies the average transaction size of $88. At $6 or $7, the "b" component is significant, and 2.3% again becomes 6 or 7%. A far cry from your claims of under 1%, *and even 0.9%* is a lot more than Bitcoin, hence a significant incentive for Netflix to uphold shareholders' best interests by filtering out unnecessary costs. 
So, no, you're more wrong now than ever. Admitting an error is the cornerstone of meaningful discussion, and refusal to acknowledge fact after fact as you are, is just pitiful. 
I know, welcome to Reddit, fuck me, right?
@_date: 2014-01-04 02:34:12
Yep. Having issues getting replies from support also. Really frustrating. 
@_date: 2014-04-09 01:59:35
Not the analysis I read before but it illustrates the point fine still. 
@_date: 2014-01-02 07:55:50
I'm well aware and have extensively written about the variants of the Selfish Miner "attack". The good news is, users and therefore market price are almost entirely unaffected. Should they become affected, there's LTC. Litecoin has 2% orphan probability (nom.) vs. Bitcoin's 1.3% but it also has more reserve for normal-priority transactions, 4x transaction space, and the tradeoff for extra orphans (hurts miner efficiency) is a significantly stronger defense (see "Gambler's Ruin"). Also for other reasons, the Guild is definitely not doing this. 
@_date: 2014-03-30 00:43:47
Well, I was mostly just being snarky. I'm fully aware or what Hanlon's Razor is (an axiom) and isn't (a law, of which few things are, even things that people usually call laws -- gravitation is actually an approximation, for example).
Likewise, Hanlon's Razor is in that sense as much a law as gravity is: It's an approximation, and within its bounds, it is not possible to prove it false. The axiom is simply, "it is *more likely* that a thing is due to stupidity than due to malice." This is why it is a corollary to Occam's Razor, because it is basically the same thing: It's more complicated to assume a fancy conspiracy than accidental fools not working in concert. This is why no god is more likely than a god, and so forth; and, this is all mathematically supportable (see Hidden Markov). 
So, mathematically, the statement that stupidity is more likely than malice *is* pretty much a universal law, actually.
@_date: 2014-02-26 23:40:52
@_date: 2014-06-07 21:23:42
Probability of theft from *perfectly-executed* cold storage is the same as the probability of a hash collision: negligibly slim in 2014. This is somewhere along the lines of getting simultaneously bitten by a shark and struck by lightning, with current hardware. 
@_date: 2014-04-13 13:38:03
Too often; but, strangely, btce gets downed by DDOS less than most. Strangely because they're an unknown, which always amuses me when Gox (back in the day…) and Stamp and Clarkmoody and BCT would take a shit while btce stayed up. 
@_date: 2014-01-06 21:17:16
FFS. *THIS IS HOW "RANDOM" WORKS.* 
It's not exploitable because they don't have enough hash power to predict when they get lucky. 
*AND* it's always also been a secondary defense that in the rare alignments that occur where a *miner* (not a regular user) could exploit something, he would choose not to, because miners are highly invested in Bitcoin being worth something. 
@_date: 2014-01-01 17:33:36
If you had the coinbase iOS app, just to be safe, the following actions should keep you safe from the possibility proposed here.
1. Make new Coinbase account. 
2. Any coins you keep in Coinbase, send to new account.*
3. Delete bank info from 1st account. If  does not apply, delete old Coinbase. 
4. If you rely on being verified for Instant, it takes only a few steps to re-add the account before purchases (as long as your bank is one of the few that make you do the 2-deposit type). You can do this as much as you like while waiting the 30 days for the new account. (Make sure you did everything to get it, if you need it!) *Then* delete the old Coinbase. 
Note — *Obviously I advise coins never sit unattended anywhere that anything has ever / will ever have access to a 1-of-1 privkey for it. As we can see, there are more ways to get exposed to theft than outright cut-and-run by sites. Admittedly I don't always follow this advice, but if it's more than a couple coins I do.*
@_date: 2014-01-06 15:40:35
Zynga was right. He announced that 3 months ago. Not proof, but... It makes sense with NFLX business model. Pandora would be killer too. 
@_date: 2014-04-03 11:55:39
Long-term it will track to the sum of the transaction fees for miner profitability. Right now the block reward is huge. Satoshi didn't anticipate the system growing as rapidly as it did. 
Regardless, the math has been done in a few places around the internets, and I believe it is regarded that despite the energy involved in mining, it is still *incredibly* dwarfed by the energy involved in the extant fiat system. The only thing that's confusing to folks is just how many things you have to account for when tallying the energy cost of the fiat system.
@_date: 2014-03-18 17:01:45
Thanks kind sir. 
Also we have developed a way of disaggregating &amp; decentralizing that step too.
Keep an eye out for project GLUE. ;) coming soonish. 
@_date: 2014-01-04 21:09:01
In 2011, in the US alone (well, looking at *US cardholders* alone; some transactions may have occurred while abroad):
21.5 billion credit card swipes. These are also *just credit cards, or debit cards swiped as credit* and doesn't include debit transactions, which are usually a flat fee of 30 - 50 cents. (This is why they love it when you swipe your debit card as credit.) This also is just the AMEX, VISA, and MC networks, and doesn't include littler ones.
Average transaction was $88. Assuming the *lowest possible* fees in my example:
(88.00 USD) * (21.5 bn txns) = $1.892 trillion. **That's 13% of the 2011 US GDP that was spent on the big 3 CC networks, alone.**
((88.00 - 0.35)*0.97) = $1.818 trillion was the amount paid to merchants (again, estimating conservatively with 3% + 35 cents as average; it is surely higher).
So **CC companies made $74 billion off merchant fees alone**. (US consumer CC debt was $800 billion, and I'm not about to go into how much they're getting off of that). Naturally, that price comes back to the consumer, and merchants themselves use credit cards for things... etc. etc. 
So add that to the market cap, and we haven't erased Moneygram and Western Union, so there is also their market caps, and I'm not going to calculate Paypal but they charge 2.9%... etc. etc. etc. to the moon, and because math and the free market says so. Yes, I do expect $10k this year. That'll be a market cap of $100 billion or so, and that's plenty reasonable even if it's only eating 10% into the global CC market of those I mentioned. (They won't die, they'll just have to adapt. MG and WU might, actually, disappear. It'd be interesting to see them get acquired by Coinbase or some other Bitcoin startup.)
@_date: 2014-01-04 14:10:34
The IR**S** is also limited to jurisdiction on dollars. So, a US citizen with US dollars in a Swiss bank account to avoid taxes, while still using it, is illegal. A US citizen with JPY in a Japanese bank account (not easy to do, BTW) pays nothing to the US until he repatriates it as USD, which will then have normal rules of cost basis come into play as applicable to foreign currencies.
@_date: 2014-06-11 19:01:21
PM me with your flow requirements. My org has been building a system which provides this service and the more data we have on the early-adopter use case the better we can tailor the initial suite. 
@_date: 2014-01-08 11:31:41
Looking forward to it. Keep Austin weird!
@_date: 2014-05-30 10:33:39
Sometimes. Don't see how that pertains to my statement.
@_date: 2014-01-04 16:47:22
So, it follows that if you had managed to trade them for USD, and then immediately trade back for BTC, you would have to pay taxes on the capital gains from the first time around, but you also would have locked in a new basis. So, if you could show you had traded them around $1200 before they were stolen, you might do quite well.
So, then. I had 4000 BTC stolen from me, which I can prove, as much as one can prove anything in Bitcoinland. It was during a well-publicized exchange hack. I also have several thousand more. Some may have had a basis of 4 to 8 USD each. But I bought thousands also during the lull at $125 or so. 
At one point they were all in one address. Then they were split up before the theft. There's no way (literally, not in the protocol) to determine which coins were which, the $4 ones or the $125 ones. But, I do know that I combined them by sending the older coins into the newer address. So, basically, I'll just go with the industry-standard of FIFO, and it looks like I'll be able to pay nothing on the coins I haven't touched (now worth $800) and claim a nearly $400,000 loss. 
This could be a pretty lucrative racket with the pseudonymity of Bitcoin. You've said thus far that basis is transferred when Bitcoins are gifted. If I get a buddy who was an early adopter to gift me, say, ten thousand cheap (say, $1) coins, and I combine them in an Bitstamp address that is already holding 10,000 expensive (say, $800, just bought 'em) coins, then sell 10,000 at market, I'll owe nothing on that. Then the other 10,000 gets stolen. I claim it, collect, split it with my friend, and he avoids the tax man. (Or even better, they were't really stolen!)
I have to say, it seems like the IRS would be much wiser to just steer clear of trying to mess with Bitcoin at all. For all the dollar signs they may be seeing, I feel there are far more ways for them to lose their shirts.
@_date: 2014-01-04 11:31:49
Just use the same trick investors have used for decades, whether forex or stocks or whatever. You can easily "prove" zero cost basis beyond whatever you actually spent on things using traceable $, meaning anything you paid for with credit cards and checks that went to goods and services. 
This is another reason I find it so puzzling more people aren't spending BITCOINS on stuff as much as humanly possible. If you didn't repatriate the $, you don't pay capital gains tax or whatever they decide to call it. And they cannot require you to pay tax on Bitcoin appreciation prior to conversion to USD, regardless of the market price, without declaring Bitcoin a currency. As stated in the link OP put up, that really long tax breakdown, for the IRS, the USD is the *only* currency. They cannot accept Bitcoin, and they cannot force you to convert BTC to $ (I don't mean asset forfeiture for tax evasion, I just mean at tax time they can't declare your BTC worth X dollars and demand you convert some amount of them to cover it). 
Do the math this tax season. Take a look at what you lost by spending $ directly, instead of BTC and then immediately buying BTC right back. This is why literally all my $ is in BTC at any given moment, beyond what is in my account for the day's debit purchases. Most things I use BTC either via Gyft or whatever. 
@_date: 2014-05-06 22:08:54
The internet was never down, just certain social media sites, which had easy workarounds. Often, even accessing via 3G instead of whatever was behind the local wifi allowed access. If China can't shut down the internet, you thing Venezuela can? -_-
@_date: 2014-02-09 11:22:28
I mean the definition of it. Perhaps you can rephrase your  statement so I can help? Right now, it sounds like you want me to define the phrase. That'd be inefficient and silly, and is not going to happen. I am not unique in using it; it is a basic tenet of game theory, which is a necessary tool for analyzing economic models and systems. I would refer you to Google. There are many quick summaries of the idea out there for the layman, just as good or better than anything I might reply with here. 
If you mean something else, help me out and be more specific with a question, please.
@_date: 2014-01-07 19:46:16
So you shorted it, and are sitting pretty?
@_date: 2014-02-08 10:02:03
There was definitely a little bit of overlap with Ethereum, but as you'd imagine, our DAX project doesn't require a Turing-complete scripting language. In the future, updates will migrate to using the Ethereum language, probably. 
The big innovation involved is the custom blockchain and the way it integrates into the Bitcoin (and Litecoin, etc) blockchains without raping them with data, as well as achieving a way to make for a responsive user experience while limiting the affects of disparate connection qualities. 
@_date: 2014-03-29 08:15:58
I wish. See Hanlon's Razor. More likely, just idiots. You wish it were trolls: that would be less depressing, regarding the state of our species. 
@_date: 2014-01-01 17:42:24
6 in 45 at current hash rate is normal. It obv. retargets for 6 in 60 every 1440 blocks, but as long as hash rate is increasing, the disparity increases as we near the retarget. 
@_date: 2014-03-16 23:14:48
Of course not. That is what game theory is for. I have included -- in fact, used almost exclusively -- game theory analyses in my determinations.
If you wish to debate the point, we must rewind to your assertion a little while back:


We can safely ignore specific assumptions and opinions about what you *feel* Bitcoin holders are, and save debate over niggling details like the painting of all with one brush etc for another day. 
Simply, I challenge the bolded statement, which, if unfounded, relegates the rest to irrelevance. In my above post, I offered a logical train of thought to support my assertion that the mere existence of Bitcoin in the hands of [investors and/or speculators] is a net-positive choice respective to the global economy. 
Please justify your assertion that nothing is produced by their actions.
@_date: 2014-04-20 01:41:00
Classic psyop/counterop post. I've seen these enough to recognize the script. (Indeed, various scripts have even been leaked here and there.) 
Also not even a good one. I'm guessing you're tier 1. 
Please prove you aren't a (fledgling) cointelpro with clear, full evidence and not just "I'm not a disinfo agent."
Also, can someone explain who will be paying your paychecks when we've all joined the decentralized, opt-in, internet economy and there's no tax revenue for you?
@_date: 2014-05-29 03:35:40
True story. It's the fat, mostly. It's a different texture: The fatty cuts like ribeye etc of grass-fed beef, much like raw milk from grass-fed cattle, is "creamier" in texture. 
It's not *completely* night and day, it's still beef... but it's pretty distinct. Well, the milk really is pretty different... as different as, say, regular milk tastes from reconstituted powdered milk. The beef is different, like... coke with real sugar vs coke with HFS. 
@_date: 2014-03-27 11:54:44
It's only racist if you believe X subspecies of human to be inferior without any scientific evidence — which, generally, there's not any. Sure, Chinese have a high incidence of a missing liver enzyme making them blush at low concentrations of alcohol; Caucasians' skin ages rapidly and looks like leather by 40, even more so if consuming the SAD. No significant advantage in either respect. I prefer the characteristics of an Akita, but plenty like pitbulls. It's all preference and a wash; they're both fine dogs. 
Point is, people need to learn to discern between *racism* (fairly rare in most US places these days and getting rarer) and just being aware of obvious fucking differences like, idk, you're black as night and I'm a pasty fucker. Observation isn't racism: in fact, the sort of person who avoids the most obvious adjectives describing things — "You don't know Jerry? Tall guy, red polo, drives a late model Nissan..."  "Oh, you mean literally the only black guy in the bar tonight?" — I become very suspicious that, because of such silly avoidance, you're secretly racist and hiding it. 
Even beyond just picking sensible descriptors, jokes are fine too. If stated less clinically and with irony, the above facts about skin and alcohol tolerance can be a good joke among friends. It's no different than blond or redhead jokes, etc. I enjoy laughing about the differences between we varietals of human. You should too: enjoy it while you can. In 500 - 1000 years, if we haven't nuked ourselves, we'll all be +\- little of the same shade of caramel. 
@_date: 2014-03-12 02:59:10
Yes. B2B bitcoin movement is basically nonexistent, outside of businesses that were Bitcoin businesses to start with and exchanges, etc 
@_date: 2014-03-16 07:56:33
Similar to how I usually explain it. Holding dollars is investing in the dollar economy, because it is still a choice. Holding dollar IOUs in a bank is investing in the dollar economy and biased to the risks your bank is exposed to. Holding stock shares valued in dollars is primarily an investment in some specific subset of the economy: You are effectively betting with the belief that a subgroup of humans will outperform the rest of humans in their use of those dollars, if only in the market's perception of their performance, perhaps. Same for holding CNY, which I frequently do. 
Whatever it is that you hold, it is an investment, whether real estate, your car, CNY, BTC, $TSLA, etc. 
@_date: 2014-05-29 04:02:59
Nice link. Why?
@_date: 2014-03-16 14:48:02
First, a convention. I describe economics generally in terms of physics. Many economic terms are already physics terms, and in general, any economics modelling has an analogue in physics. I sometimes forget which terms are not the same in both, so if this leads to confusion, ask and I will clarify.




1. Friction in an economy is undesirable. 
2. Bitcoin is less frictional than preceding mechanisms for avoiding economic friction.
3. All participants in the system experience the cost of this friction on transactions, even participants whose businesses make money on the existing transfer methods.
Thus, while *some may gain more than others* from a relative perspective, the system in aggregate gains overall, due to the simple fact that time is a limited quantity for all participants. (Time, it can be proven, is in fact money, although the proof really kind of proves the inverse, in a way.) The opposite is not true. Given the existence of Bitcoin and its parameters lying closer to frictionless than preceding mechanisms, resisting Bitcoin is a net negative choice. Some may believe they stand to gain *more* than by moving to Bitcoin, such as the extreme examples of Visa executives (and ignoring the choice where Visa could simply embrace Bitcoin technology). But given Bitcoin *does* exist, this choice takes from the system in aggregate.
edit: formatting because my 2 kept becoming a new 1, so I moved the clarification above 1 instead.
@_date: 2014-01-26 19:07:14
Thanks for clearing that up for me :)
@_date: 2014-05-06 22:36:56
Nope, nope, nope. A dozen workarounds, never mind how wrong you are about traffic shaping. The only thing that would work is North Korea-style, which is literally airgapped from the rest of the internet like the SIPRNET is in DOD MILNETs. And even then, a few hundred KBs can be broadcast hundreds of miles over cheap radio equipment in seconds.
@_date: 2014-05-13 05:09:01
Much like Tor, you're generally safe inside but many exit nodes — that's cashing out and buying in, the BTC for fiat part — can be or are compromised and can be used to track you through the network. Link an address by accident, just once… It really is like Tor. Log in to your gmail by accident, and all the session's traffic can be correlated. Bitcoin is even more sensitive, because unlike Tor, most traffic is pretty much saved for posterity, forever. With Tor, they at least have to be listening in at the time, or just bulk intercepting and playing it back. (Might be another good reason to hurry up with the pruning stuff. Then at least a Room 641 or whatever is required to intercept and store the full unpruned blockchain.)
As far as reg goes, of course you can't really be compelled to give up your BTC. (Coercion is another matter.) But this stuff is more for the folks who like Bitcoin but still believe in the notion of social contracts as a moral imperative for being taxed as commanded, or feel patriotic about paying taxes (I know, I know), or generally believe that the IRS works down the hall from the NSA or whatever. 
But privacy stuff like Dark Wallet will always emerge to keep the torch alive. You'll be able to pay as much as you like in taxes. The government will need to get used to the idea that, like filesharing, it's fully up to the citizens to decide whether they obey, and to adapt accordingly. Spoiler: That means they won't be able to insist on a bunch of shit that the people never agreed with. People don't like *precrime* laws. People don't like victimless-'crime' laws. 
There will be some happy medium perhaps. Even when there are zero cops around, I don't drive as fast as my car will go; I drive what **I** feel is appropriate for the conditions. Likewise, I'll be more than happy to pay for the maintenance and upkeep of the commons, even those managed by the State (which is really much simpler to think about if you consider the State to be what it is: A group of people creating services available to everyone under certain rules. So, like a corporation, kinda. Except the whole artificially-enforced monopoly bit.) 
If the state is still building the roads, and they need repair, and they aren't wasting the money or abusing their monopoly to prevent competition, I'll gladly pay a tax on the roads I use in proportion to the wear I cause. But they'll get a big, fat “nope, fresh out of change” if they come talking about the roads but pad in a bunch for drones or whatever. 
@_date: 2014-01-05 07:46:11
Luckily it still tells redditors who are also twitter...ers... what hashtag to look for without spelling it out
@_date: 2014-02-22 04:56:08
Oh wow. That's... How??
@_date: 2014-01-04 13:34:38
I'm not a full-on anarchist, in that I believe *some* societies will benefit from *limited* centralization (and some will thrive on full-on crypto-an-cap systems, where I'd love to live). 
However, although my ideal government doesn't exist, and I wish there were many in competition, we are at least free to leave presently, with no trouble other than inconvenience. I speak Japanese, English, Spanish, and a decent bit of Mandarin. I will not treat Bitcoins differently than I treat Costco packs of Monster, or gallons of fuel, because it is no different. If I am wrong and they wish to attempt to force a violation of basic logic (Congress did attempt to declare pi to be 3.2 once, back in the early 1900s) via a tax that is illogical, and further attempt to enforce said tax with "guns", I will long since have left, because we are already a lot worse off than I thought.
If you want to niggle over what it means to be a consumable vs. a commodity (which is tricky, since most commodities are consumable, to varying degrees of commonness), dirt sells for $25 to $50 a yard, depending on the quality. I'm sure plenty of folks would trade firewood for a yard of topsoil, or plenty of other stuff. Dirt is certainly completely fungible, and not at all consumable (for humans). It only differs from Bitcoin in fungibility due to (1) market size, (2) variance in quality, and (3) ease of transfer. (1) and (3) are still pretty much in heavy fluctuation with Bitcoin. (2) Is easy, because of cryptography, but I guess you could analyze dirt. It all just happens quicker with Bitcoin, which is why Bitcoin is worth more for exchange than dirt. But any of it is arbitrarily decided by the market. Not the IRS. The only thing the IRS has governance over is the dollar, by their own admission and charter.
Edit: BTW, I don't agree with the morality of it, but people have successfully done end-runs around even bankruptcy with ... yep, Bitcoin. And before that, gold. "Shit, I lost all my money... damn (gold / art / Bitcoin) thieves!" Basically, I figure me and the IRS have an unspoken gentleman's agreement. They won't try to use some twisted section of the massive tax code to take an illogical portion of my assets as punishment for using BTC; and, I won't "lose" all of it, declare it all lost on my return, declare bankruptcy, and leave the country with not only the BTC but the tax rebate and insurance money. Neither is moral, and fair is fair. 
**I just realized that, basically, this is the N.A.P. extended to discrete but interrelated economies.** I don't want any trouble, but I will defend myself and my family if I am attacked, with the minimum amount of economic force to compel compliance. If that is peaceful coexistence while I spend some BTC directly, fantastic. They can win me back by improving my incentives to trade using USD. The worse they get, the more independent of them my personal economy will become, up to the point where I have left and do not trade at all, in the extreme case.
@_date: 2014-01-04 14:22:08
Yeah, I guess I didn't differentiate between the two types of fucked. Civilly fucked, with repayment and some penalties, or criminally fucked, if it was willful. The latter is, of course, far worse.
@_date: 2014-01-06 02:26:16
I'm choosing to reply to only one of your comments. Kindly find it and carry on from there. 
@_date: 2014-01-01 17:46:18
Read section 7 (iirc) of the whitepaper for probability calc on n-length chains as well as time per-block variance.  
This happens the same reason you can have songs repeat on shuffle. It's annoying because true randomness =! human feeling of randomness. 
There are times when despite BTCGuild's size, they find nothing for many blocks, and/ or the times between blocks are 15, 20+ minutes. All these things are less likely than some other things, but still plenty possible. 
@_date: 2014-03-10 12:50:44
As most will tell you here, CB works for many people, but as a 501(c)(3) eligible org, the Foundation would make a mistake to not simply use Bitpay, which is 100% free for you. Not rebated, not discounted, just fee-free nightly deposits, as USD, at the quoted rate at donation (if that is what you want to happen to your BTC donations, that is). As in: donator sends "$25" worth of BTC (free). BTC rate can do who-knows-what. Foundation's account gets exactly $25, no matter what. No fees, no anything. Nightly. 
CB is free to make a secret deal for free processing, but they're slower and less reliable with ACH transfers either way. Bitpay has been doing this far longer and with a spotless track record, and free for 501(c)(3)'s the whole time. 
VC money or not, CB is younger, and not in that "nimble startup" way. They defend their turf on social media with a vigor, but that's about as far as their customer support goes. They've got a lot of improvements and bad blood to fix. They could start by implementing *full proof* they don't run a fractional reserve, and don't rely on ACH deposit float time. 
Until then, I cannot (nor will any senior Bitcoin community denizen) recommend Coinbase for any critical functions. Therefore, for the sake of Bitcoin, I must recommend that even BTC donations to the Foundation, while likely a low-risk use of CB, be taken through a more transparent and involved participant in the Bitcoin community, such as Bitpay. 
Note: I am not affiliated professionally or personally with Bitpay or Coinbase, and have no horse in this race other than Bitcoin and its technologies. 
@_date: 2014-02-27 00:55:31
I think most would find this to be an unreasonable comparison, both lacking in logical premise (CL didn't do a bunch of things and only "money laundering" stuck; he did exactly one thing -- steal and resell stolen property. The state just found that an interpretation of "money laundering" would lock away CL for longer than the penalty for theft) and wildly different in scale. I'm sure there are more flaws in reasoning but I'm wasting my time, I fear.
@_date: 2014-01-04 17:05:33
This is the logical (therefore correct) train of thought to have.
@_date: 2014-05-29 02:26:39
They were giving those away like crazy over in the Darkcoin sub
@_date: 2015-01-25 07:56:51
Coinbase pays your txfee. They always have. If you've entered it, you did it somewhere else. :)
Last I checked, the messages are metadata only visible via Coinbase and their API. It's not private, but it's not embedded in the blockchain itself either. Disclaimer: This answer is current as of the last time I used Coinbase, which has been a couple months.
@_date: 2015-01-08 04:35:30
Erm, there are optional fees — there ones recommended to ensure you make it into the next block, even if that block is crowded. (Basically, all transactions "compete" work each other to make it into the upcoming block, based on a few things, most of which are too prevent spam / "dust" transactions. 
If that doesn't seem to be what you're looking for, please provide some context. :)
@_date: 2014-04-03 18:49:07
You aren't going to get the right answer using the simplified and outdated version of the equation, I can tell you that right now.
@_date: 2014-02-17 19:03:39
You can't explain that!
@_date: 2014-02-24 16:34:35
The audio has been "shared too much" for google drive sharing. Anybody wanna re-up it to somewhere designed for large amounts of downloads? 
@_date: 2014-05-23 10:33:24
Don't tell them! They must find it on their own! ;)
@_date: 2014-04-03 07:29:30
—&gt; 
@_date: 2014-01-14 18:35:30
See posts 96 and 98 specifically. Insight from an applied maths guy, with a focus on game theory and macroeconomic theory.
@_date: 2014-01-03 09:08:23
Ahhhh, i get it now. We're going to have to fundamentally disagree on this, primarily because we have different ideas of what bitcoin is, at a fundamental level. You believe in Bitcoin more as a stock or a distributed company, in which one invests. It is this, today, and this will certainly remain a big property of it. It is also other things, and will be many more. 
I see such actions not as simply "advertisement" to raise its market cap. I can understand your objection, under that view. Honest. But I see the price as a side effect of the freedom and frictionless transfer of ownership that the blockchain design provides. The price is meaningless, and the concepts are priceless. 
I'd "advertise" the protocols and principles that create Bitcoin if I could, but the easiest way to do that in a comprehensible way is currently Bitcoin itself. From my view, this is no different than advocating clandestine distribution of equal-rights support pamphlets decades ago. The hope is that as people see it more and more, those on the fence will begin to believe in it, and "closet" believers will gain confidence, and the freedom will spread. 
@_date: 2014-03-28 01:46:16
Will do. It's just a combo of sheer laziness and being a bit snobbish: I don't make a habit of writing things if I don't expect them to be read or considered. I already speak with Andreas. I don't have your personal contact info.
There's a lot of noise in the bitcoin space. You, Andreas, Charlie, etc — in publically-known Bitcoin gathering places and forums alike, there's a lot thrown at you. My ideas historically are good ones that work, so, narcissism or whatever, I probably won't put them there. The above post was an anomaly, based on a thread that had 3 comments so I knew I'd be heard. 
I'll look and see what the SNR looks like on the place you mentioned, though. 
@_date: 2013-12-05 02:21:26
Don't have a source at hand but in an interview (either late in his campaign or maybe in April) he specifically said he didn't buy into bitcoin and recommended gold. Presumably he's looked closer at it now. 
Pretty crafty of CNN though. Pretty much guarantees that you'll read it displeased with either RP or BTC, if you liked one of the two.  
I like both but I don't want to see these kinds of things said -- if anything, as I tell people, if you care about the financial and national security if the US, holding BTC is one of the most "patriotic" things you can do right now. Demanding that the dollar itself be equated with with American values or lives or pride is a fallacy. 
@_date: 2013-12-31 05:08:11
No, don't be simple. I'm saying an online PC used actively for syncing his iPhone may have itself been compromised by targeted malware. Or not. Merely that it is feasible, at least as likely as the other theories, if the API keys were stored in plaintext. I have no idea where you got your idea about what you presumed I meant. Completely bizarre response. For example, it was the iOS backup that can be optionally encrypted in iTunes at backup. It's done with a password, and I don't know what encryption it uses. I'd warrant it and/or the password are vulnerable. You make it sound like I was talking about a best-practices compliant full-volume truecrypt encryption. 
Also, please do tell what is so confounding about the idea of selecting your own method for encrypting a string of data? 
@_date: 2013-12-28 20:22:59
You aren't completely wrong, it'll just sound like you are to people here because if Bitcoin = Gold 2.0 and gold standard was bad... etc. So I'll chime in.
To avoid writing something absurdly long (edit: yes, I mean even *longer*), I'll assume you're familiar with the full, simplified form of the equation of exchange, including the Cambridge variant, which is very important. They were absolutely right, in my extensive study, but the application of it fell short, in no small part because *people*. But the Cambridge equation works best when applied universally to all asset classes individually, and then with the knowledge that in aggregate, the whole global one can probably *then* be expressed using the original Quantity Theory version, but not before.
Given choices, why hold one asset vs. another? It is obvious, because holding, with the intent to spend in 5 minutes or 5 years, is all about storage of value. This works for gold, for stocks, and for Bitcoin all the same. Bitcoin is unique in transparency and application, however, and most similar to a stock which was designed knowing this principle, such that the company, the tech, the stock release model, was all created so that we could just trade shares and slivers of the company. The amount of sweat by economists regarding whether cash is value stored, or valueless tokens of transfer... we've taken a brilliant leap forward in our understanding. It's neither, and both, and the distinction only matters when there is a choice between non-identical (functionally) storage systems. Then we can explore all the implications of the Cambridge equation.
Anyway, gold wasn't any good for our booming and expanding (geographically) economy because that dragged V down to a crawl. This is of course also how there came to be such a gold rush in the first place. There was a staggering need for increased M, because gold is physical hunks of metal and there is little to be done to improve V. 
One thing that can be done, is what we did, but all the economic truth didn't predict a thing about the game theory aspect when people are involved, and there is a wild profit to be had. Essentially, the system that was advocated by Keynes (who had no concerns of such things, as he'd grown up in a period where their government was particularly generous and just) and set up by most all capitalist nations was this: Let it all float, and tweak M such that P remains stable while the rest of it fluctuates due to different things. Primarily, varying overall GDP, and a V that fluctuates basically with demand, and then returning to its k form: It is assumed, and is true for this equation, that V=1/k within at least a certain amount of available k (P will be affected but only in the event that V drops and there is not enough k. (It should sound pretty obvious why tweaking M is the answer there.)
The sneaky unforseen thing that got us here today, is this. The above was what was supposed to be how it worked. But the people who control the tweaking of M, and indeed all things money, quickly figured out an implication of that equation. Over the years the level of complication has become enormous, so it's not nearly as obvious. It's heavily obfuscated because it is now not just the dollar -- there are markets with thousands of stocks (fixed M, splits are known and understood, and very different from fiat debasement since you get both pieces therefore P as a ratio to M didn't change), there's forex, and there's plenty of unfixed stuff there too, especially naked shorts, which is essentially counterfeiting, because you've promised to spend something you don't own, but they don't know.
Basically it comes down to this. Between banks and government which typically work together anyway, all the knobs of the currencies are manipulated by them, and we can't see it, because the system is a black box. So they add a new take on variable Y, which is interest, ignored above in my paragraph because the goal was to tweak M such that P is stable, ergo Y was 1. The rate of rising or falling P is dictated by its coefficient, Y. 
The key is, when Y &gt; 1 and, say, M is constant, k will be depleted first, and then P will rise. They will not permit Y to be 1, because that is their profit. Y can have multiple causes but generally speaking it's a direct reflection of the "friction" (either in transaction time or in transaction cost) that resists V rising freely. Over a long period of time, the banks have perfected the art of scalping ever more from the system, with no plans to stop. V is held as high as possible (because for a given Y, the greater the V, the higher their profits), by carefully balancing M to create the largest possible Y for a given V, by setting the game incentives such that retaining any value in the k form loses value faster than other method of using the fiat. Spend it, for tomorrow it is worth less. Or invest it, in which case it is still flowing anyway, thus V. You can't win. Then the icing on the cake has been their greed was so great, that when the parasite's growth outpaced their ability to keep their host alive, they tried QE (which is increases in M and a lowering of Y with the hope that it will result in a rise in k faster than it affects P) repeatedly.
This doesn't even get into the absurdity of the bailouts and many other events, put into context of the equations. It's like watching the laws of thermodynamics get broken before your very eyes. It's staggering.
So, tl;dr, gold standard, bad, but not because of any major issue other than it necessarily has a low V, even with large surplus M stored as k. It prefers to rise in P instead. Bitcoin however is the most frictionless store of value ever created.
And no, while we might see an few attempts at the Wildcat banking equivalent with Bitcoin, especially in developing countries who do not have this in their history, for the most part it will not happen. The equivalent probably will though, unless the blockchain is able to scale more than I expect. We will need off-chain transactions, and/or LTC, etc. Not too different. As long as it's not subject to all its variables being turned to black boxes, we'll be ok.
@_date: 2013-12-05 23:56:47
Yeah. What happened was people saw the first few words, panicked and skimmed the article, saw some more words, and ran to their laptops to cash out of everything before other people did the same thing. My buddy called me in the middle of the night freaking out (I helped him get going and he has a lot of money in it). I was already awake reading it so I talked him down off the roof.
Meanwhile, one wonders if Bloomberg knew the effect titling anything "China bans ... Bitcoin" would have. Maybe somebody just wanted to buy in cheap? I wasn't even particularly aggressive in my trading and I increased the number of BTC I'm holding by 20%.
@_date: 2013-12-07 02:40:47
Anytime an idea comes with the side effect of a lot of money changing hands, the sharks will come, no doubt about that.
@_date: 2013-12-08 03:04:17
That means insufficient funds, 99.9% of the time. I have funded Coinbase with a BofA checking account before. If they verified it with you, it will work. 
I have also gotten one of these, from my USAA account, where I later discovered they were still "holding" the deposit of a check that wasn't reflected in the available balance. Cost me a lot of money (several thousand $$) on lost gains, depending on how you look at such things. 
@_date: 2013-12-06 04:05:55
Don't forget (for maybe not you necessarily but the crowd in general) that running the QT client is running a node, not mining. Nodes are good (it's kind of like seeding a torrent, except this torrent is constantly updating, and anyone who get's the update passes it on to those who haven't yet), and miners of course are also nodes -- and, yes, it's not particularly important to have a shit-ton of non-mining nodes -- but anyway QT doesn't mine by being open. Never has, but moreover it does not even contain mining functionality, and hasn't for a several years. Mining requires being a fully-compliant node (usually via QT) *and* mining software that controls whatever your chosen hardware is, these days.
@_date: 2013-12-07 04:30:23
Yeah, I guess it's a grey thing. With little ability to short Bitcoin at present, active non-participation is as bearish as you can get. I grant that with traditional stock markets, a true bear can back their words up with a position. (I'm long TSLA, for example, and get a bit pissy at loud bloggers who write as if TSLA is sure to crash to zero within the year, but yet are not backing such a seemingly obvious opportunity with their money.)
Anyone else who can read decently, there's one response.
@_date: 2013-12-05 23:41:39
Yeah, my group is working on developing some meshnet tech. I figured in 2013 where it's been proven that "they" really *are* spying on everyone and everything, that tinfoil was a given and no longer a slur. Yes, meshnet rocks and is a necessary tech to ensure information in the future stays free.
@_date: 2013-12-28 23:20:48
Yeah. This is why when I verified mine, I wound up texting my brother when he bought his truck, since Coinbase thought I bought it. There were many things like that on their thing... Wish they'd use another method. Love Coinbase now that I'm in, but god.
@_date: 2013-12-31 12:01:33
The good news is, you can cool your jets, because I can prove mathematically that Bitcoin is stronger with a couple good alts. This was a fairly important economic breakthrough in itself. So, false. 
@_date: 2013-12-06 03:09:07
If you're pretty green still with Bitcoin (or an avid user who just hasn't explored much beyond what one must know to do user things -- which is fine, btw) that might be a little heavy, but it has links to everything you could ever need, and a summary.
But basically, for the common sense reason that, if you use a "thin client" which doesn't do the full-depth verification, *something's* gotta be given up in tradeoff. In practice, there are ways of making this 99.9999% as good as full-depth checking. This stage in development has been expected for a long time. See section 8 of the Satoshi whitepaper [ and myriad bitcointalk discussions such as this massive and all-encompassing one: [ Full-depth was a short-term, lazy way out of avoiding programming something more sophisticated. But the blockchain is like 10 GB or whatever now, so we're at the point where it's too inconvenient *not* to have proper thin-client / SPV functionality.
But yeah, regarding OP, there's nothing that's anyone's "not being told" (however you'd accomplish that with open source, and open-source f-ing *money* at that). In 4 1/2 years of Bitcoin development, with hundreds of engineers' input and thousands of tech-minded users and enthusiasts, we've been over a lot of ground already. 
It's laughable at first, then quickly just exhausting, dealing with people like that YouTuber, who are are so arrogant that they think they have found an "obvious hole" in Bitcoin that no one but them was smart enough to plan for -- and then, instead of researching, going to bitcointalk, volunteering to help fix the system (it's open source, that's how it works), where they'd find that it's already a non-issue, they take to the blogosphere or YouTube like they're the saviors of mankind.
Bitcoin is human-made and always evolving, thus far *ahead* of any perceived threats. No dev will try and tell you it was delivered on golden tablets (but it was pretty damn amazing from the start). But no, this, and (at least thus far) every other issue that these "Jesus newbies" think they've heroically discovered, are not problematic to the use of Bitcoin as a long-term system for storing and transacting value. Helping improve Bitcoin usually requires a little more studying and absorbing and thinking. :)
@_date: 2013-12-06 00:25:30
Meshnets are inherently low-bandwidth until something revolutionary is invented. But luckily, I think google has a vested interest in assassinating the incumbent providers' attempts at restricting data. Google wants to make money they way it always has -- streaming media and the cloud. The best way for it to do that (and be awesome at the same time, because that's just how Schmidt and the crew roll) is to give Comcast and AT&amp;T etc. the middle finger and pipe symmetric gigabit fiber to your door for the same or less than you're paying now. 
@_date: 2013-12-06 00:10:25
No, probably not.
@_date: 2013-12-29 22:30:36
Yes. The point is, it has been useful—perhaps almost required—in the past, under the rule of law, to have at least one specific debt-settlement currency. You can accept whatever you like, it's all barter in the end, even dollars. But to prevent silliness, there needed to be a default currency. You can obligate yourself otherwise. Contracts to sell a car for shares of stock (could be foreign, could be priced in $, but either *isn't* $). But absent anything to the contrary, the legal presupposition in court over a debt is that the debt is owed in $ and that not accepting them is unreasonable in the eyes of the law (again, without a prior agreement to the contrary). So if you agreed to sell your car at fair market price to settle a debt of your own, but then the buyer's $ were not acceptable to you and you wanted chickens, this wouldn't be held up legally. 
@_date: 2013-12-07 03:39:00
It happens the other way too, with the same effect. I'm watching it at this very minute. Poor translation of what the China Bank ruling on bitcoin meant led to a huge selloff, one which continues. People post "this is the end!" stuff, while they've already sold in their trading platform, and wait to buy back at the low, effectively taking money from the interested but "weaker" hands.
It's gonna take a pretty big multi-day hit, I think. Baidu temporarily stopped taking Bitcoin for payment due to the price volatility surrounding the bank announcement. Somehow I don't think that will *help* the situation!
@_date: 2013-12-28 16:56:25
It's worse than that. They acknowledge this behavior on their website. 
We anticipate the market will take a $4bn hit and pinball around for a few days while more weak hands are eliminated from trading things that they do not have a chance of comprehending. 
@_date: 2013-12-07 05:37:32
Heh. Well, someone has translated the official joint PBC/MIIT/CBRC/CSRC/CIRC statement.
The gist of it is that China is protecting the people from being misled by overzealous Bitcoiners into what the currency is and isn't; and protecting them from things like GBL and other recent scams by giving the official State Position on what China the government believes China the people should think about Bitcoin.
It's not that different from the FinCEN's statement in March or April or whatever, in it's effect regarding what banks can and can't do and what the people can expect. 
For a long-term bull, it's good news, and it's what the bitcoin community would hope for -- of *course* we don't want banks intricately involved. Of course you aren't going to trade bitcoin like it's currency forex at your local bank, like you can with foreign currencies. The banks globally agree and set those rates, which they are technically incapable of doing with the bitcoin system. So when banks are officially "not to be market makers" this is not only common sense but a good thing. It is important that the average Joe (or Chang) knows this, and is not sucked into Bitcoin without knowing what it is or isn't, of course. The losses to scams and misunderstandings don't help Bitcoin long-term.
edit: Just go here: 
@_date: 2013-12-29 01:35:56
This isn't a revelation. SKYPIEA's still real, and claiming otherwise doesn't change that, any more than Krugman crying about Bitcoin itself. Thinkfenix is my domain, and that's currently where SKYPIEA resides, since in case you hadn't noticed, it's *not a public offering.* Yeah, good job finding out the site is made on webflow, embedded as a frame, and then inside that are the SSL frames (I'm assuming you worked that one out). It serves its purpose as a place for the actual members to go. And again, the naked domain is mine, but SKYPIEA sits there because the owner itself is a hardware engineer, not even slightly into web design. So there's a pretty front page. Before I got involved it was literally just an email interface and a rudimentary "chat bot" style AI thing. That's part of the beauty of it, it's so completely different from the hack-a-day standard exchanges.
Your logical thought process puzzles me. It isn't as if there's an attempt to hide who is involved with what here. Why else would there be my *real* name on the registration (of the naked domain, obviously; and then simply the 3LD by default), when that's easy to opt out of? Hell, my address is on the registration! Or why also post using my real name on Quora? And the same username as my Twitter? If it's fake or a ponzi then that's a pretty foolish way of doing it. Especially since no one is actually asking anyone to do anything specifically, no Pirateat40-style claims of impossible returns. No money has been solicited. I'm genuinely confused what is going on in your mind, here. I've been messing with Bitcoin since fall of '09 off and on, I'm aware that caution is warranted, but what do you propose my scheme is for name-dropping my friend's service, when you can't even join it?
It's your call to like it or not, but I've known the backing partner for SKYPIEA for a long time. He's been a great friend to me for many years, and has also managed to make me a decent bit of money, both from employment opportunities and with decent returns here and there from the investments.
So, sorry, you can go shove it. When there's a post claiming to be the first "bitcoin bank" and offering negligible returns, but wanting deposits into some bulk address, which you don't even have access to -- you have to deposit a mBTC to withdraw a BTC?? WTF is that all about?? ... no way. I'm going to speak up and call foul. There's too much BS in Bitcoinland already. Just because SKYPIEA and its owners aren't ready to make anything but a pretty landing page is pretty irrelevant considering no one is offering anything either. There's not even any SEO keywords. Your argument for why it's fake seems self-invalidating. The only thing you've proven is exactly what I already have said.
@_date: 2013-12-31 21:31:40
A full proof is long and ill-suited to text form. But the gist is this: Bitcoin market cap is about $9bn. $9bn USD was not removed from circulation for this, but only a fraction. The rest of it comes from physiologically assigned value. (Bitcoin hinges on the subjective theory of value being correct. It is, but some economists object, so if you don't like that, you might as well hang it up and bail now.) 
Likewise, almost nobody (less than 1%) among Litecoin holders paid cash. Everyone traded BTC. The Litecoin market cap is $600M. But yet, the value in fiat of LTC and BTC are both at least 95% correlated, with the same (positive) sign. An inverse correlation would be expected, since we know USD / fiat are not injected to purchase LTC. 
Therefore the value of the whole of the economy (at least, the Fiat-BTC-LTC part as discussed) is greater than the sum of individual parts. This is a common theme in human ecosystems. 
Edit: Yes, this—and the full math as well—indicates that USD is *stronger* (more valuable) because of the ease with which it can exchange with Bitcoin. Indeed the ease of a fiat's conversion in this way is proportional to the amount of value it keeps. This should probably make sense, if you understand the concept of fungibility as one of the key aspects of a value transfer system.  
@_date: 2013-12-28 13:00:14
No, you're mistaken. I once wondered that too, for like two seconds back when I joined, but I know how to actually poke around a site's construction vs. you, who apparently just looks for pretty (and fake-able) green certs. All sensitive info is passed via the HTML5 embeds, like the Typeform login (which is also cool as shit that they do it that way), and that's definitely SSL'd. All Typeforms are SSL. And not dumping anything but the relevant elements behind SSL (do you really need SSL for the gradients, CSS, imagefiles...)
So you can firmly carry on with your FUD if you like, you Bitcoinsand shill, but until you offer something comparable (and actually legit), just repeating FUD doesn't make it so. I've been there since July, and used several different products. Platinum bar storage and Bitcoin mostly. Even got a $4k partially-secured personal loan to pay off a credit card, using 1 tr oz of my Pt as collateral. Beats fees on selling. 
Know what else does too? Insurance against theft of coins they control. 
















Yeah, you and your Bitcoinsand-shilling FUD can piss off. Try creating something that actually *helps* the community and economy.
@_date: 2013-12-06 04:56:15
Thank god for a much more intelligent counterpoint to consumer use than most of this place right now. (I'm pro-Bitcoin 100%, btw.)
The answer is, for you (and only considering your own interests, rather than support of a cause, etc), it may be near enough to a wash, if you intend to always take it fully round-trip, that you'll want to just observe from the sidelines until the ecosystem has services spring up which entice you. Recommended best practice for Bitcoin retailers is to offer 3 - 5% discount for using Bitcoin, like many establishments do for cash purchases. They can do this because merchant accounts pay a lot of money for using credit and debit swipe machines and infrastructure. For most retailers, merchant processing system fees are a substantial burden, and often these are not very transparent. (And this is with big banks, not fly-by-night processing companies.)
If you're curious at how convoluted that nightmare has become, there was a series in the Times from the perspective of a business owner's "search for a reasonable and honest payment processor", after discovering just how much he was really paying. (He doesn't find Bitcoin. I hope one day soon this knowledge goes viral and they are able to do so. Check out  btw.) We protest our tax rate because we see it. Perhaps the government could learn something from the banking sector about hiding and disguising fees. In fact, between taxes and banks each siphoning off ever-larger chunks of the pie, it's no *wonder* things are starting to fall apart at the seams in places.
First in the series; I won't link them all, just click thru or skim, as you like:
An exerpt:










Credit card companies do cash back incentives etc. precisely to keep customers preferentially using the card, even when cash would have sufficed. They win a big slice from the merchant at the sale, more than they return to you (which you'll just spend with the card again anyway!); and, for many customers who don't pay their bill off entirely every month, they of course earn interest by the boatload as well.
It's not as tangible as the cash back numbers, but obviously merchant costs must be passed back to the consumer in the end, to maintain their required profit margin. 
That's just one reason, and one which is purely selfish. I mean that not in a negative sense but in a game theory, incentives sense. Bitcoin couldn't work if it depended on its use as a charity case, which it also has. For example, helping money get sent back across international borders without the exchange and remittance cuts that *average 8.93% of money sent*. This represents *nearly $60 billion annually* that does not make it to its destination, a disproportionate amount of which is developing countries. Obviously, this feature is just as useful for you, the consumer, on vacation as well.
These are some of the purposes for which Bitcoin was created.
@_date: 2013-12-07 04:16:21
Surely you realize that sounds very long-term bearish?...
@_date: 2013-12-27 13:57:27
Frequent child rape, good to go, they won't investigate. But for a couple of rupees, hoooo boy. You done fucked up, Slumdog. 
Also, article is recent, yet states Bitcoin is 3 years old. Guess they can't use the Internet to properly conduct investigative journalism either, so they probably should stay away from this whole private-public key thing. It's over their heads at this point. Someone will make a nice simple service tailored for them but right now they're just going to lose wallets and shit. 
@_date: 2013-12-06 05:29:40
Haha. I'm firmly in the "competition is good" camp. The credit card companies and banks have been unchallenged for too long and have far too many political connections. (We would describe it as resembling a non-natural monopoly and an example of cartelization in the market). I don't buy into the whole 100% evil bank thing because life isn't a child's cartoon. Very few people, even those *awful, rich banker bastards* (lol) are actually what people think of as evil. Just misguided, greedy sometimes. That's human nature, to take what you can. Even people who resist that urge still probably take a *little*. 
So yes, there are some very cool things that have been created as incentives for using your Amex, or whatever. The worst thing that Bitcoin can do, is force them to have to compete again, because technologically, Bitcoin can do things they cannot. If all goes well, we get a new era of competition in the financial services industry.
@_date: 2013-12-07 23:50:17
I'm tentatively calling FUD. I've sold and bought from Coinbase, in large quantities, for myself and some folks whose accounts I'm contracted to manage. So, multiple user accounts, multiple bank accounts. I've bought at the bottom of several falls, too, where the price was up probably 30 - 50% from purchase price by the time my ACH finally finished processing to Coinbase. If there were ever a time to cancel, I'd think that'd be it. 
This is far from a thorough statistical sample, but it should carry the weight of a decent few bits of anecdotal evidence.


@_date: 2013-12-07 04:21:04
This really seems to call their proclamations of independence into question.
@_date: 2013-12-31 21:09:10
I think probably your idea of the definition of encryption is fancier than necessary. Encryption is basically encoding with the goal of obfuscation. To be useful it must be something that will be gibberish to anyone without the right knowledge, and also not non-trivial to identify a pattern to get back to the original. Da Vinci wrote backwards using a mirror. The flowery script of writing and his own unique flourishes prevented casual reading and protected his ideas. Not effective in 2014, mind you :)
Full-volume encryption is a protection against theft of the drive, and/or device. It is a good practice to have, and pretty painless, but it isn't really useful here except for if you're disposing an old drive and wish to ensure any possible future "treasure hunters" searching landfills for drives (since that may become a thing?) can't retrieve your addresses. But really, it is not a replacement for encrypting the addresses themselves, unless perhaps you only turn it on for sending/receiving Bitcoin, in which case it approaches the same purpose. Physical theft is a small part of Bitcoin theft, which is usually done remotely. 
Because of all the security issues of late, I've decided the task of securing my assets should be left up to only information in my head. I can then encode strings in the most arbitrary and nonstandard ways, which is the goal, because if it is only a standard to *me* then it is subject to only old-school cryptanalysis of character occurrence rate etc. 
Pick a list: Say, the kanji on level 5 of the JLPT in 2013. Say that's 200 (I don't know off my head). Pick an ordering method, say stroke complexity and then dictionary. Pick a start point for 1. (Could be the top kanji, or you could salt it with a meaningful number. Say, 58 = 1, and proceed down. 
Start with the hex form of the privkey (not base-58 WIF, since everything uses hex and only Bitcoin etc uses that type of base-58). Convert it from base-16 to base-200, and substitute the kanji. Store the kanji string in a kanji-compatible QR code on maximum ECC (choose "H") for safekeeping. Print and store in several unrelated places. For determinism say you jump from 58 by only incrementing primes, and you have a list of addresses only you can access. Store the instructions in your will, and if you need to carry a reminder for a while, it's reasonable to assume "JLPT 5 (2013) / Stroke first / 58 / Inc. prime" is very useful to you and nonsensical for most everyone else. 
Unlimited combinations exist for this sort of thing. I haven't used kanji in mine, but they're cool because you can wind up with a pretty "short" string for a privkey. If you read kanji, remembering an 8-symbol sequence is easy. Remembering dozens of hex couplets is not human-meaningful. 
@_date: 2013-12-27 13:19:43
No, I meant to say 15 months. Or 1.25 years if you prefer inane decimals. They toyed with opening it further but didn't at this stage, and stayed with a web of trust model. You can believe what you like, but the email from the president at the time was they didn't have the support infrastructure to expand further and called out MTGOX among others for shady business practices where they accept way more users than they can handle. 
And ponzi clubs use multilevel marketing, so the next thing I should do is offer you membership to support the scheme, if true. And you'd *really* think they'd use SEO and extensive sockpuppet marketing on Bitcointalk if they were any ponzi worth their salt. No, that's more likely evidence of a legitimate private platform. Just a website for members. 
Pretty sure you can check it out for yourself, skypiea.thinkfenix.com , but you'll find all you can do is log in or submit your info to be emailed when they expand. Though I hear they do invite new members periodically off that email list. I got my referral from an existing member that I knew however. I would not invite you because I don't know you, and in the TOS you agree to only refer people you personally know. Even if I was allowed to I wouldn't, because I also don't like your condescension, so you can stick with Bitcoinsand's 3.6% which I'd get just by holding CNY. 
@_date: 2013-12-04 23:46:48
Yeah. It's been $35, but not on a drop from $900. God I hate people. They deserve to invisibly bleed every bit of the 8% of their purchasing power they lose annually via holding their warm fiat vs. Bitcoin. 
@_date: 2013-12-27 15:20:37
What you guys were arguing without realizing (well, without realizing a game theory insight to the argument, at least, which I'm now going to tell you) is one of the biggest differences in perspectives between different humans. And some of it is just semantic. 
As you agreed in the end, Bitcoin and the users win. The "not competition" argument is an intuitive understanding that things such as *libbitcoin vs leveldb* is not a zero-sum game for Bitcoin, but a net positive. And yet the counterargument that yes, it is, is a more direct understanding of when competition is good. 
It's hard to say which is a more correct view, if any. The more direct view is certainly more accurate, but the intuitive view has a peaceful, idealist's ring to it that I like in a person. The former appreciates competition and gets great joy from it (in this case, if you were Amir, and you are this sort of observer), but can also be clouded by anger (if Mike, and this type). The latter inherently knows that even someone who the former might take to be directly insulting them (trying to beat them,
perhaps vocally, implies the assumption that you possibly can).
They are both useful types. Edison was the former. Tesla was the latter. They are both incredible men, with very different thinking styles. It's become in vogue to hate on Edison now, and indeed the more passive thinkers like Tesla can get screwed themselves, here and there. They don't usually care, though. Edison, btw, spent many years trying to develop a "Bitcoin" btw. They're both pretty amazing. 
(Just finished reading a thing on Tesla.)
@_date: 2013-12-31 00:48:06
If I were writing an attack it's what I'd do. If the API keys are unencrypted, since apple doesn't force them to be, and you know that there will be hundreds or more users with them exposed in backups... go fishing. Also, all these 2FA Authy / GAuth things have SMS or phone call as a backup. Redirecting or intercepting that doesn't even require NSA. Be a mid-level wireless rep at a store. See Coinbase app. Clone SIM or even do a number swap for like 5 minutes (probably the SIM clone is easier to pull off without leaving your "prints" everywhere, unless you set up a coworker... I could go on. So many attack vectors. This isn't a Bitcoin thing exactly, but it does challenge our preconceptions of daily security. Don't get me started on the proximity-ignition car keys. Attacking many of those implementations is so blah-tier the black and grey hats don't even bother to demo it. Just file it away under "zombie survival tactics." Same with most RFID stuff. At standards creation it's obscure so it seems safe. Then it becomes far more valuable and widespread, but has the same security as before. 
@_date: 2013-12-27 13:26:30
It's be against the TOS for me to refer you without actually knowing you personally, but they do periodically invite new members off the email list IIRC. Either way that's the best way to get told when it's opened to new members, whether that's a public thing or a raffle, idk. I asked a friend for referral. But it's at skypiea.thinkfenix.com . 
Here's why 3.6% in Bitcoinsand is a ripoff: You would have earned almost that much vs. the USD just by holding a basket of normal foreign currencies, or really even just CNY, which is up about 3% on average Y-o-Y vs. the USD. 
edit: FYI the email list is just a "tell me when I can join" thing, now that I look at it too. I don't think there's like, daily fliers or some shit. As a member I only get emails when something important happens (feature change, security upgrade, etc) so I doubt it's spamming anyone. 
@_date: 2013-12-25 23:38:56
Haha no, I realize, my internal monologue was "why isn't this in the AMA sub?" And then I saw their little PSA on the right 
@_date: 2013-12-31 00:23:16
It is very possible this occurred without any actions contra Coinbase safety protocols. I'm a Coinbase fan, overall, so I'll be interested to see how it's handled. If it can be shown to be an issue with the iOS app, that is interesting. Even more so if it was long since patched in Android. Hopefully Coinbase decides to cover it in any case where it was provably not their issue (family/friend theft, etc.)
@_date: 2013-12-30 14:11:46
You'd have thought so. But so many comments on mainstream articles that are critical of bitcoin are of the "tulip" and "beanie baby" variety, and they almost *all* stem from the mistaken understanding that there are 21M of them, and the inference that they aren't divisible. This is retarded, of course -- articles talk about buying Subway, etc, and also that the coins are $1000 and shit, so why would anyone not logically deduce they must be divisible... and it all comes down to the fucking stock pictures of the Casascius coins. 
Well, really it comes down to their idiocy, so a new logo may not help, but there was already a lack of generic but attractive hi-res logos, so I'm happy now either way.
@_date: 2013-12-27 05:14:27
False either way. SKYPIEA was the first Bitcoin-holding "bank" effectively (actual loan and investment products, Bitcoin, gold, platinum, etc), based on registration records at least. 15 months at least now. Actual US address and citizens too (though not US-exclusive anymore). Though it's more like a credit union I guess since not just anyone can sign up. You need a referral from a member. Web of trust basically. 
They get audited and pay out more than Bitcoinsand claims, too, by a lot, though not daily (that's crazy suspicious). So I'd say either way, Bitcoinsand is a ripoff. If legit, underperforming heavily. If a pyramid scheme, really a ripoff, since it promises less than legit services! Lmfao
@_date: 2013-12-06 00:16:30
Yeah this actually puts China much more in line with some of the requirements levied on US exchanges. It's also important to note that as a more socialist society, a large amount of this is supposed to be public education on what bitcoins are -- there are countless poor fools who've lost their shits, screwed by someone who took advantage of them, offering to help them invest, etc. In the west we take more of a "that's what you get" attitude, and it's up to friends and family to teach and help you. The Chinese government of course is obligated by their role in society to at least try to "tell the people what they should think" about something like Bitcoin. Which does make it pretty cool that they aren't taking any harder line than this. Most of this is probably good for Bitcoin anyway -- banks, hands off, that kind of thing.
@_date: 2013-12-06 05:20:38
I like to say until my grandmother can use it in a public library and it is no more complex or likely to be lost than cash, the system isn't ready. We're getting there. There's certainly demand for increased accessibility to pure consumers, who don't (and shouldn't need to) care how it actually works, other than that *it simply does*. The whole thing has historically been developed almost entirely by engineers who have day jobs, and all open-source of course, so basically the sense of urgency in the community for the development of a particular feature on top of the protocol is what drives its creation. 
In addition to services which are in the pipeline by private startups to provide the equivalent of insured bank accounts, and that sort of convenience. In my other post (which was also in reply to you) I linked to coinkite, which looks very promising.
Another major requirement for widespread consumer use is what's called "HD wallets" or hierarchical deterministic wallets. I'd have to get too deep into the actual protocols to talk about it here, but feel free to peruse BIP 0032: 
You'll notice we're getting to the point where Bitcoin and the Bitcoin Foundation are evolving into something a lot like a young IEEE or 3GPP, where it's all about compliance with open standards to build up more and more on top of the technology to address these needs and wants.
@_date: 2013-12-28 22:28:02
And I guess a politician is either conservative or liberal, no shades in between, and no axes other than left/right.Tax cuts are both Keynesian and/or Austrian, or even neither. There are situations where one will believe a tax cut will help a given situation; times when both agree; and times when neither believe a tax cut is helpful.
@_date: 2013-12-31 00:17:05
Or in all likelihood your iOS backup if it is unencrypted (and even then...) 
With all the security issues, what is and isn't compromised changing hourly -- I mean RSA, which curves are compromised, etc -- it's only a matter of time before coins are lost to a dirty cryptospook abusing access to backdoors. May already have happened, it's hard to know. 
I don't think it requires an unreasonable amount of tinfoil to say I wouldn't advise leaving more XBT than you'd comfortably carry as cash, anywhere besides cold storage, and not just cold storage but cold storage where key pairs are formed using best practices to minimize exposure to future developments in the sector. Encrypted wallet.dat on Windows doesn't cut it. Armory with alt-keyboard entry, maybe. 
Just generate a few addresses securely, use your own encryption method for the privkey, duplicate and store redundantly. Or make an m-of-n out of the privkey, encrypt and store those pieces. This is what "be your own bank" will entail. Otherwise there will be full-service insured bitcoin banks soon (I'm involved with one such project myself) but in the meantime this is the price of entry. 
It requires more knowledge of the underlying system so not viable for masses (hence projects like mine) but I'm a big fan of "security through obscurity." I have my own method for generating keypairs, including one for deterministic wallets so I can just remember 1 privkey, my salt, the generation pattern, and optionally the number of addresses I've activated. I encourage creativity until *trustworthy* commercial solutions are available.  
@_date: 2013-12-06 00:57:37
Interestingly, optics and manipulation of coherent fields is a big part of what we're doing. Trust me, while it is much faster than other things, you're not going to get symmetric gigabit out of a meshnet -- not at the same time as that is the pinnacle of wireline tech. We'll get there, but wireline isn't going to stop and wait. 
@_date: 2013-12-06 00:08:58
Probably 65% of my exchange-located BTC are on OKCoin and another 15% on BTCChina. The rest of my non-cold coins were in Coinbase. I expect I'm not the only Western trader who uses Chinese exchanges sometimes. Also, panic-sells are lucrative for traders who intend to remain in the dropping asset, so they'll dump too in reaction, to set up a profit off the movement. 
As soon as I saw the headline, I traded all my BTC for fiat in the exchanges, watched the twitterverse etc. and monitored the charts to make the best educated guess at when to rebuy. I now have more coins than I previously did. Over a month's pay's worth in USD equivalent, if you assume the price will remain around $1K or more.
@_date: 2013-12-08 00:02:08
Oh I can vouch there are some issues with the database they use. It's the same as if you try to verify yourself at Equifax, but they seem to have selected the hardest option level of questions from the database provider. Not really Coinbase's fault afaict (other than being very careful). But mine took 3 days to answer.
1st day I answered 100% accurately. This was a mistake. (Read on.)
2nd day (you wait 24hrs between tries) I realized the pattern. You get 4 minutes, so I just guessed. No dice.
Here's the deal: Their data source, for me at least, uses my SSN for some things, but then also erroneously assumes that *any address I have previously lived at, starting from when I registered my first car at 16, I was the primary homeowner for.* Or something similar to that. Now, I'm from a military family, and we moved a lot, and then I did a stint as a Navy O and also moved a lot.
3rd day, I had my Mom, my Dad (divorced, separate addresses), and 21-year-old brother on the line and prepped when I went to verify. I got a question that was legitimately about my vehicle, and one about an address which I had stayed at. Then I got a question that was actually about my father's truck, and then one actually about my brother's truck. I answered them as if they were mine and selected the correct choices. 
Viola. Verified.
I *wish* they would revise their instructions to let users know what's about to go down, because yeah, answering literally and truthfully, I'd select "none of the above" or whatever for half the questions. It wouldn't be a big deal otherwise.
Equifax fucks me too though. They always ask me a question, like 1 out of 2 times, about a credit card I only had for a year, like 10 years ago, which I have no idea how to answer. Maybe I could dig the info out of Chase, but it's not worth it.
@_date: 2013-12-24 08:25:32
You'll usually find a way to create a grey area where it becomes hard to say which side of the line "right" falls, with any given set of choices, if you try. Not that doing so doesn't make for useful thought experiments, for those who want to genuinely debate it logically and thoughtfully. This is reddit, so, I'm gonna go with how your prose *reads* and assume you're just arguing because you like to hear your head roar, as the saying goes. 
If you are at some level curious about, hey, okay wait, this is a little different, so what do the rules of decent human behavior say about this one? There are relevant precedents. 
**1. The legal answer in the US**: A good lawyer (should you need one, which you shouldn't even be charged probably) will invoke an argument using lack of malice (and the burden is on the accuser to prove malicious intent, not the inverse) based on evidence of the immediate reddit followup, and that it is indeed reasonable to expect that Matt would be back. Further, there are more ways of contact we have, for Matt. So there's at least the existence of a very plausible chance to do as claimed -- return it almost instantly, with no damages to the owner (beyond surprise). Then there is good statistical evidence that, with the theft that does exist, someone else was *probably* on their way to trying. 
This is an interesting take on the Good Samaritan tale, since it's a bit like modifying that as follows: You're the probabilistic future-reader dude from MiB3. You come across the Samaritan, minutes before he is to be beaten and robbed. *(...You think. In one possible future, a wild turnip appears and molecularly phases through 1 cm of dirt, which would have tripped the Samaritan, skinning his knee, and he'd avoid the route entirely. Or the possible future where-- shit!)* The bandits and their camels crest the hill. 
So, you run up to the Samaritan, bitch-slap the piss out of him, yoink his gold sack from his sash, and hide behind the first thing possible. highly improbable pile of palm fronds coagulated in a large land depression. 
Recovering from shock, the Samaritan is gold-less and very vocal about it and the commonness of thieves. The camel-bandits, appraising the situation, passed without issue. Not only do they not see a gold sack where they expected, but if their ears were right, someone's fingers were faster!
Knowing there Samaritan will definitely pass through the town 5 minutes away, you vow to meet him at the outrigger and give him a quick overview of GSIP0038. 
**Which possible future were you in?** But by Heisenberg, you can never know! You changed it and can never get back. Maybe you robbed him, technically, in this future. 
This is the part where most law gets into the murky area of what a "good and reasonable" person might do. In the US, presumably you don't run into the obstacle of explaining the while of Bitcoin 
@_date: 2013-12-08 01:06:24
Bitpay is what the Lamborghini dealership used for that guy who paid "cash" Bitcoin for his $100K Tesla. Even after the last few days, they still got their $100K. Really, they'd have gotten it a couple days ago, as Bitpay pushes ACH batches nightly. 
With Coinbase you can choose (1) All incoming payments convert immediately and are deposited nightly; (2) All incoming payments that put your BTC balance above a set amount convert to USD and are deposited nightly; and (3) Leave all payments as BTC in your Coinbase hosted wallet until manually cashed out, which can be done in part or full.
Also, historically, these crazy fluctuations really don't last very long. I grant you the intraday trading value fluctuates greatly vs. USD, but the graphs show the % variation is trending smaller, as well as the % that is hit during a crash. This is the 6th panic-sell. The first couple happened mainly because hackers DDOS'd all the main Bitcoin sites, and since no information must be bad information for a speculator, everyone sold. This recent 40% dip with 24-hour resurgence to a somewhat steady-state of 67% it's previous peak is nothing compared to what exists in the historical charts.
All this is to say, use it whenever it feels comfortable enough to you, or you have a userbase that demands it. But, properly done, Bitpay or Coinbase both permit you to accept Bitcoin today with "zero" risk. You don't have to transition to accepting it directly until you want to, which can be never, and you'll be one small part of the stabilization of the currency.
One final bit about "central currency" stability: 
Oct. 5, 2008: JPY closes at 105.06 vs. 1 USD. It has been on a slow but steady slide, losing 4.31% of its value since August. Intraday trade prices consistently vary around 2.5%, often as much as 5%. 
Oct. 6: JPY is on a wild ride, trading intraday oscillating between the endposts of the previous close and 100.32, losing another 4.51% in a single day.
Oct. 7: Overnight buying pressure led to an opening of 110.19, +9.83% against the dollar in a single day. It held this during the day (artificially).
Oct. 8: Overnight selling pressure led to an opening of 99.488. It had lost it's previous day's gain and then some, market makers sucking the profits from the day traders in overnight sessions the day traders could not even participate in.
The JPY would continue to careen around, with 5%+ intraday swings, before bottoming out at over 20% value lost, in just a few months, with plenty of instability in the meantime.
Take a look: 
*ALL CANDLES ARE JUST 1 DAY EACH OF TRADING.*
You can find plenty of this where the dollar is the loser, just as bad or worse. Japan and the US at this time were the world's two largest economies. (China has since bumped Japan to 
@_date: 2013-12-28 10:56:39
They're limited to the same transparent &amp; legal means of affecting price as the rest of us. 
1. No fractional reserve. (They can give out paper IOU's if they like, but not many folks are taking those for even gold anymore, after Germany tried and failed to repatriate the gold we have been "holding for them." Only reason to do that is if it takes time to move, as with the old Reserve Notes. A reserve note backed by BTC would need to have a verifiable amount behind each bill, and a way to prevent counterfeit. A little like if I began distributing bills with pubkeys and a bank logo and bill of my own, hopefully very resistant to physical counterfeit. As long as it remains resistant to copying individual bills, and the bills are serialized with pubkeys, at that point you're just trusting the bank that they haven't given out multiple identical pubkeys. Still too much trust, but we're getting there. 
2. No naked shorts, which is the equivalent of counterfeiting but hurts price even more than simple debasement. 
@_date: 2013-12-24 23:08:36
Mostly, whether you're talking to someone who (knows it or not) thinks like a Keynesian economist or an Austrian one. Neither IMO is 100% right, like most things, but I'm far more Austrian in my perspective. I believe there is a crossover to where holding (I'd call it "investing") is no longer smart due to opportunity loss from using it elsewhere, but likewise flow for the sake of flow also is not always good. 
@_date: 2013-12-31 21:15:45
I disagree. The ability for frictionless arbitrage via LTC through mainly OKCoin and BTC-e considerably diminished the amplitude of the volatility of BTC during the crash, despite LTC value being clearly not independent of BTC. 
@_date: 2013-12-27 14:05:55
Considering it's still completely legal in China, I'm not sure I follow. This sounds like the first case of arrests actually. In China you're just restricted from doing it in ways that are not very traceable, AML stuff. In practicality they aren't incredibly more restricted from buying and selling BTC than we are in the US. Do you know how many use localbitcoins because they won't / can't connect a bank account to something like Coinbase?
@_date: 2013-12-07 04:00:28
In light of Bitcoin's clear existence as a legitimate method of storing and transmitting value (as acknowledged by the Senate, FBI, and FinCEN of the world's largest backer of an existing method of storing value), and its huge support in many communities, yes, they are *effectively persecuting Bitcoin*. Not me personally. But Bitcoin, yes. The system and its users as a whole. This is no different than if a small country (Bitcoin's market cap exceeds the stock market cap of Iceland, Cyprus, Montenegro, Malta, and Costa Rica *combined*) had all the necessary precursors in place in the system for them to donate directly in their native currency, but Wikipedia continued to insist they are not a real country and to convert their currency to a "real country's currency" to donate. Wikipedia is therefore not politically or market-independent. It is wholly married to incumbent governments and systems, PayPal and the banking system in particular. With e-swipe fees, over 3% of your "donation" goes to credit card companies and banks. What if I protest what banks have been doing with my money? If Wikipedia cannot see this injustice, Wikipedia will be supplanted by a *more truly independent* repository for information. It's had a good run, I guess, given the transient nature of the internet.
@_date: 2013-12-29 02:24:40
It's closer to a family business; the domain is mine, and a while back we put up a subdomain just so there was some sort of web presence for it, but it's not mine. Until just recently, I was just a satisfied user. This reminds me of the wide variation in response when people find out stuff like: 




They certainly haven't hidden it, but neither have they screamed it from the rooftops. It's worse than the JEDEC-side of semiconductors in San Jose. Everyone's slept with everyone. Still kind of unnerving when you don't know, at first.
@_date: 2013-12-30 06:38:25
For Redditors: 










Emphasis mine. Will review in further detail. 
Notable: 
— Author is aware of previous studies, and critical of the recent one we all know so well, the paper proposing the selfish mining attack; author participated or lurked on bitcointalk since at least 2010 
— While Bitcoin is fairly invulnerable to these attacks (which might best be described as corner-cases permitted by the protocol, which we may wish to attempt to actively prevent or disincentivize), a large reason is Bitcoin's difficulty scaling limits. Alts with faster retargeting schemes and/or which permit steeper exponential difficulty rises are more vulnerable. 
Frankly, my own cursory analysis of this math and other recent studies leads me to suggest what I've had a hunch for a while: It would be wise to implement a change which would at the least limit the effect of these miner vs. miner attacks to each other, and not the network itself. Bitcoin should be able to spin on even if a couple mining pool titans want to duke it out by experimenting with competing block release strategies. In fact, if Satoshi had forseen the development of mining pools, he would have done exactly this (or maybe something even smarter, but *something*). 
Attacks where the miners compete for a slight edge almost feel like that's part of the protocol, part of the fun. Already, we've long seen blocks propagated half-full and less, by pools, to gain propagation advantage. The current equilibrium is basically one where the pool operator trades possible txfees for the block reward, as will be the case for a while, with the ratio of value between those two things. 
But obviously miner competition cannot negatively affect the network (though it already is). Bandwidth be damned: the mining protocol should require the empty space be padded by incompressible data to be accepted. This space can be pruned for storage, but only after verification. Only full-size, 1MB blocks should be accepted as valid by nodes and miners. Again, discard, but only after it is no longer necessary for validation. 100 blocks may be sensible for this since it's also essentially the network checkpoint for block reward payout. Also, unless there is a better way, it will require some sort of progressive hash that can replace the data for storage and still allow forward playback of the blockchain during initial read etc. *Should be* pretty easy. 
Anyway, thus miners competing for their edge only hurts each other and not the frictionless part of Bitcoin, which it already is doing now, with transactions taking hours or more to make it inside a block because the 27 byte (35 with 0.8.6 iirc) free section is full, despite the block itself being quite empty. In fact, it has gotten to where even transactions which include the minimum fee and above are delayed, because the incentive of the block reward is significantly higher still. We (Bitcoin supporters) quickly lose a main argument in our favor. If the parity point between Bitcoin and say, Visa or Paypal carries on this way, Bitcoin becomes unviable for regular things like Subway etc. If this is what we want for Bitcoin, that's fine -- there's still a large need for frictionless transfer of big values -- but that's giving away "market share" to Litecoin, Peercoin, etc. before it is necessary. 
@_date: 2013-12-24 07:06:59
Apparently r/AMA doesn't permit requests now, w/e that means (regarding seriousness)
@_date: 2013-12-07 04:09:29
So, I am fluent in Mandarin. For disclosure here.
Sina is awash with frustrated bloggers at this exact phenomenon, and I'd have thought it was common sense about market behavior, but I'll spell it out. My fiancee didn't intuitively understand either, and she's a nephrologist, so in the event that you are genuine (my Bear Troll alarm is on high alert right now, sorry), here's why.
When something like this happens to a stock or to Bitcoin, where large amounts of its value is based on its perception, even long-term bulls sell, unless they weren't paying attention when the news hit and missed their chance. It is foolish not to do this. You sell at / near peak, knowing how this will affect the price. We have not only 4 1/2 years of Bitcoin trading history but stock markets in general to judge by. This is just human behavior. Then, near enough to where you call the low, you buy back in. There is a LOT of money to be made from fair-weather investors in such markets, both stock and Bitcoin.
Also, there are plenty of non-Chinese with Bitcoin in the Chinese trading platforms. BTCChina in particular even has a full English version of their site.
Counterpoint for those who aren't literate in Mandarin, based just on logic, is that if this really was genuine bad news in China, they wouldn't stop dumping.
@_date: 2013-12-06 02:16:02
So, I found my way here googling "donate Bitcoin to Wikipedia". I've been in the Bitcoin scene for a while, and I also use Wikepedia extensively. I was the activist in college fighting to get Wikipedia recognized as a legitimate source for information (as long as some common sense is followed). This was back in the early 2000s where professor's policies were basically that you couldn't even utter the word Wiki without risking an F. So I guess I'm just born to find myself confused and trying to convince anti-technology luddites of something's merits. With how huge and how much exposure Bitcoin has had this last year, I am floored that Wikipedia still does not accept it, and uses the same reasoning, which is wildly inapplicable.
I gather it's been heated in this subreddit. *I'm sorry* for all the hostility surrounding Bitcoin vs. Wikipedia right now. However, I must state that I feel that *Bitcoin was not the original aggressor.*
When Teslas and Jeeps are being bought with BTC, and a Kentucky police chief has successfully petitioned to be paid directly via Bitcoin by the department, and the US Senate had a 3-day powwow where the FinCEN and FBI and other departments expressed support and discussed Bitcoin's innovations and how important it is that we keep regulation to a minimum and allow this tech to be welcome on our shores, etc. etc, and Bank of America's FOREX/Rate strategist has declared $1300/BTC a fair market value for them in the near term, and a host of other things that are occurring... 
When it now literally takes 5 minutes, tops, to set up a Coinbase account where you can accept Bitcoin donations but with a cash value as the target, freezes the rate, and converts to USD on the spot (if you like, unless you want to keep them as BTC) with *zero fees* for ACH overnight to your bank account...
And even without that, it is quite apparent (4.5-year track record) that in the long term Bitcoin either holds value or appreciates, so if anything your donations become more valuable... 
With all those things, it does strain credulity, the reasons given that Wikipedia does not wish to accept Bitcoin. At this point it no longer feels like a simple oversight, and has begun to seem like a direct insult. It's not really about being able to claim Wikipedia for Bitcoin's legitimacy. That would have been nice maybe a year or two ago, when Bitcoin was still a novelty. It is no longer a novelty, but simply a well-established (and expanding) niche. 
The Federal Election Commission just declaring Bitcoin is considered a valuable asset and may be used for political donations, for god's sake. No, at this point, it is no longer a "lack of endorsement." That day has passed. Bitcoin has outgrown the point where an endorsement by Wikipedia would mean game-changing exposure. Rather, the lack of Bitcoin acceptance now borders on active condemnation. This perplexes, offends, and confuses us. Without names, there is a senior dev who told me he thinks perhaps influential parties at the Foundation have ties to the world banking industry. (I am not claiming this as fact; I have no clue whether he was kidding or not, as it was an IRC chat and he's a very dry-witted guy.)
Wikipedia's mission requires it to maintain a politically neutral stance. Bitcoin is literally the only politically-neutral store of value which is transmittable electronically (aside from tiny alt-coin derivatives). Bitcoin has enabled anonymous support of Assange and Snowden, for example. It makes no sense that Wikipedia is not all over Bitcoin, on its own.
This is about allowing those who *already have* bitcoins the freedom to donate in that currency. The reason people tell you it's cheaper and faster is, PayPal (itself a revolutionary change in its time) takes 3%, whereas Bitcoin takes a fraction of a percent, and that is simply used to secure the network. Wikipedia gets more of the intended donation. And faster, as there's zero float. (Which I realize is unimportant to Wikipedia in this case, sure -- I realize Wikipedia is just fine with the ACH from PayPal taking a few days to clear. But we're still proud of this achievement in Bitcoinland, and it's very useful for a lot of people's use cases.)
I think you guys are so passionate and stuck in your Wikipedia world that you don't quite realize just how "massive" this niche has become. Bitcoin, at its core, is a marriage of technologies created to improve shortcomings in the payment and money remittance services in our world. Continued persecution is offensive to those of us who have devoted countless hours looking for holes and bugs and running game theory models to secure the system, and has absolutely no upside.
If it is the time required, or the Foundation does not have anyone who is comfortable setting it up, I will personally devote the 5 minutes, or however long is required, to get them a donation plugin that serves their deposit locale's need. I'll be here...
@_date: 2013-12-31 00:34:33
If Coinbase is able to determine this was a result of a security flaw, and they cover it, then we indeed can trust Coinbase. It may very well be much better... good god, can you imagine -- I guess the equivalent would be travelers checks. They can barely be tracked, and are supposed to be replaceable on loss or theft, but I bet if $25k of them is already spent a bank would be in no hurry to replace them until the "full investigation" completes. 
They should then initiate a major twitter attack using every shred of viral marketing they can muster, as well as mainstream attention via their handful of MSM-affiliated fans, to levy a thermonuclear war on Apple, with proof demonstrating Apple's lack of security plus stubbornness on Bitcoin (B.S. approving apps for like 2 days, that's almost willful negligence for something like this) directly enabled this to occur. Take ownership for the bug but make sure the popular opinion sees that Apple's dictatorship directly contributed and prevented gg Coinbase, who heroically covered the loss post-event, from preemptive defense by locking users at the old version. 
If they don't, *and* it can be shown to be their bug, I guess the search for a "bank-like" Bitcoin company continues. It'll happen, but yes, teething is painful. 
@_date: 2013-12-19 12:53:52
First, the max amount of instant is currently 10 XBT / week. *WEEK*.  It used to be per day for a short while, but they changed that during the run-up. 
Not unless you are trading amounts are at least half, perhaps less, than the fiat in the bank account Coinbase draws from. Coinbase uses ACH, which is the fastest thing the fiat realm has to offer in terms of bank transfers, but ACH has a 72-hour lag time, for all operations. So unlike, say, BTC-E or BTCChina or whatever where they hold a ton of bitcoins *and* fiat, the one holding the fiat is you, and Coinbase is a Bitcoin-only bank-plus-wallet. 
I have instant, btw. What will happen is you'll have several buys and deposits processing as ACH's in a single day. Two issues with this: 
(1), I strongly suspect "some" banks will get pissy about this level of activity. They'll call it risk prevention and close your account. Banks are dicks, although to be fair, even a really awesome bank might not be too happy about this, just because it really limits any ability their systems might have had at flagging odd behavior, because it's *all* odd to them. 
(2), You will miscalculate (or you don't have this much anyway) and have deposits stacked up as "pending" from your bank's perspective, and have a withdrawal scheduled the same day that exceeds fully-cleared deposits. Banks don't cache them and clear them politely (like, say, just cancel out a +1000 and a -1000 from the same place). They have no easy way to do this, and they definitely don't care when they could hit you with overdraft or NSF fees instead. For non-instant people, you just find out like 7 days later you aren't getting those coins after all. For instant people, they will liquidate any BTC in your account at whatever price they deem appropriate, basically. I suppose if you run off with them on a longer basis they will attempt whatever legal actions one attempts when being robbed of multi-thousand dollar objects and commodities. I really don't know what would happen in that scenario, but I know for a couple months the $ value of 10 BTC has been pretty firmly in "felony" zone
@_date: 2013-12-06 00:21:19
It puzzled me for a couple minutes as well, but when I VPN'd into Sweden and Russia with the same result, I had to rethink my theory. I don't know when they broke it, but their naked domain name is not redirecting. This is a DNS registry issue, and probably one that BTCChina's admin broke most likely by accident. 
That works. But btcchina.com doesn't redirect as it should.
@_date: 2013-12-31 05:04:03
I think you misunderstand my use of the grammatical structure known as a *list*. Separate things. If in my thumb-happy haste I was unclear, sorry. 
For any redditor who cares about the difference, I'm sure they can tell asymmetric crypto using large primes, and dual-EC apart. 
@_date: 2013-12-27 13:59:33
My thoughts exactly
@_date: 2013-12-04 22:59:21
Yeah, good call bringing this up. I forget that people don't know this. I'm comparatively old school in the crypto scene. 4.5 years doesn't feel like long. 
**SUMMARY:** Ignore that traders on BTC-E etc are polluting the blockchain, that'll be pruned when needed anyway. The price doesn't matter either, really. The purpose of it is to use an alt-chain to store information P2P to have a distributed DNS, and created the TLD (top-level domain, like .com and the rest) ".bit". Records of who owns what name are in the blockchain and can never be confiscated or stolen or hijacked without your PriKey. 
You sell names by just transacting them and recording it in the blockchain, so any transaction is fine. You can of course pay one if the (currently very few) services to handle the details for you. 
It's still very undeveloped because the threat of backbone-level censorship or disconnects hasn't been a big focus with China and the US Senate being pretty chill about Bitcoin, but it is still real and was considered an attack vector for Bitcoin by government-level organizations that can't be solved within Bitcoin itself. This is useful for the Internet itself too, of course. DNS censorship is one of the threats. 
The crazy tinfoil proposal is to have a global meshnet resolved via .bit and .bit-like architecture. Decentralize everything, basically. 
Check out dot-bit.org, to understand its relevance in the "decentralization as preemptive strike against censorship" push. May we never need it. 
@_date: 2013-12-30 05:25:32
Reading now.