@_author: tychotiberius
@_date: 2017-12-01 20:11:32
[Shadowstats is absolute bullshit.](
[They just take the real inflation numbers and multiply them by a set factor](
An accurate measure of CPI should be able to closely predict what prices where in the past based off of current prices and CPI. It should also be able to predict the current price of a good based off of the price of a good in the past and the CPI. The real CPI can do this within a pretty small margin. The shadowstats CPI is massively, astronomically off with margins of 300% +. 
For instance: [Here are prices at a grocery store in 1980](
[Here is the prices predicted forward and backwards using both shadowstats' CPI and the real CPI](
@_date: 2017-12-02 16:29:07
You'll have to clarify what you're asking. 
Do you have a response to anything I said whatsoever? It is embarrassingly obvious how wrong shadowstats is. 
@_date: 2017-12-05 17:12:10


Correct. I should have phrased it "my central point". Though I would disagree with your central point also. I just find the first step towards that conversation is getting people who believe shadowstats to realize that they've been taken in by a snake oil salesman. It has the secondary benefit of showing that the CPI is a decently accurate measurement of changes in the general price level over time, which relates to your main point. 
@_date: 2017-12-05 15:37:49


The CPI is a tool to measure and compare price levels across time. We aren't talking about "predicting" as in foretelling the future. The CPI is a measurement of the price level at a specific point in time. Given that we have the measurement (CPI number) from 1982 and the measurement from 2015 we should be able to use those measurements to accurately calculate what an item should have cost in 1982. You divide the 2015 CPI by the 1982 CPI and then multiply the product by the price of a good in 1982, which will give us the equivalent price today. This is called adjusting for inflation. 
Shadowstats is massively, massively off when we use it as a measurement of the price level. If we do this with the BLS CPI we get pretty accurate numbers. If we do this with shadowstats we get numbers that are massively off from what we know real world prices to be, meaning that shadowstats is not accurately measuring the price level over time.
I point you to the following from [econ monitor:](
"For example, a can of tomato sauce that cost $.25 at Piggly Wiggly in 1982 cost $.79 at my local market in early 2015. Starting from the 1982 price, the CPI predicts that it should cost $.61 in 2015 while ShadowStats predicts that it should cost $2.64. Starting from the 2015 price and working backwards, the CPI predicts that it should have cost $.32 in 1982 while ShadowStats predicts that is should have cost $.08. Based on these calculations, we see that the CPI underestimates inflation, as measured by the Tomato Sauce Index: The ratio of the 2015 predicted price of $.61 to the 2015 actual price, $.79, is .77, an underestimate of 23 percent. The ratio of the ShadowStats prediction to the actual price is 3.32, an overstatement of 223 percent. For tuna, both indexes overestimate inflation, the CPI by 34 percent and ShadowStats by 478 percent, and so on."
Being that we can take the CPI and calculate what prices should have been in 1982 based on the price of the same item in 2015 and get mostly accurate number yet we can not do the same with shadowstats we have proven that shadowstats is a much, much more flawed measure of the price level over time than CPI is. 


The CPI does not make assertions. It measures price level changes across time periods and doesn't make any statements or assertions as to why the price level has changed. 
None of this matters to the central point though, that shadowstats is complete bullshit. All they do is take the official CPI numbers and multiply it by a static, arbitrary factor and it's blatantly obvious. You can argue that the BLS measures price level changes incorrectly, but even if they do, that doesn't mean that shadowstats does measure it correctly. The central point of my original comment to you was about the accuracy of shadowstats, not the accuracy of the CPI, yet you have done absolutely nothing to defend the accuracy of shadowstats. 
@_date: 2014-11-27 14:54:50
And? That's a justice's opinion, it's not a law nor does it decide the constitutionality of anything. There are always judicial opinions on both sides of every issue and they aren't legally binding. I could find quotes from justices that say the exact opposite of that. 
What you really want is Farmers &amp; Merchants Bank v. Federal Res. Bank, which decided that the US Dollar dies not infringe on the constitution in anyway. Lots of great opinions in there about its constituiality. 
@_date: 2014-11-26 18:46:46


That is absolutely false. The constitution says that an individual state may not create or authorize any currency for the payment of debt unless that currency is made of gold or silver. This was done to prevent each individual state from having its own currency. The dude that wrote the article vastly misinterpreted the constitution to make his point, let's not do the same here. We can prove he is wrong (and that what he wrote for ZDnet is insane) by looking at what the constitution actully says. No need to make things up. 


That is the only time gold and silver are mentioned in the entire document. 
Also, the Federal Reserve doesn't mint coins or print dollars. That would be the job of the Mint and the Bureau of Engraving and Printing respectively, which are both arms of the Treasury, not the fed. 
@_date: 2014-11-27 15:29:03
Juliard v Goldman (aka The Legal Tender Case) 110 U.S. 421


So it says states are not allowed to decided what can or can be accepted as legal tender. The federal government is allowed to decided  what can and can't be accepted as legal tender, (this whole article is a list of powers that are reserved solely by the federal government and prohibited by the states). So the federal government can make a fiat currency and then authorize that fiat currency to be used by the states. The states are in no way forbidden from using non gold currency in the constitution, they are only forbidden from authorizing that kind of currency as legal tender. So the federal government can, and has, authorized it for them. 
That's why the whole "More importantly, the US constitution clearly states that only gold and silver can be legal tender. If, therefore, we are to appeal to the constitution, we can not escape the conclusion that the US Dollar is illegal." is wrong.
As to your 2nd point, you are being needless semantic. According to your logic, I could say that it is my job to make hamburgers, since I've eaten at McDonalds even though I've never been paid by that company. I could also say that it is my job to sell cars, clothes, deliver electricity to my house, set up a complex internet infrastructure and then deliver internet to my house. Or if we go back to the pizza example, every time I order a pizza for deliver, it is my job to go and deliver that pizza to myself. The delivery boy who actually brings the pizza to me can not be said to have the job of delivering the pizza. 
My sentiment was that the BEP are the ones in charge of physically printing the currency. That's all I was trying to say. Yes the fed plays a role in this I never denied it. But if we look at the definition of job, either a paid position of regular employment or a task or piece of work, especially one that is paid, then the BEP fits that definition better than the FED when it comes to physically printing money. It is the FEDs job to manage inflation and employment, it does this through manipulating the money supply, the actual printing of the money is the job of the BEP. 
@_date: 2014-11-27 19:24:14


I've acknowledge this. It is in a section describing things that the states can not do because those are powers reserved for the federal government. That section is listing things the federal government can do that the states can't. Therefore if the states can't make a treaty, it is implied that the Federal Government can. Same with fiat. 


That's exactly what it does. The supreme court clarifies this in Juliard v Goldman.
Again I quote the summary:


That clause has nothing to do with the creation of currency, that would be redundant because that is already covered 2 clauses earlier. That entire clause has to do with what can and can't be made tender, or declared as legally accepted currency. Here is the problem, you didn't understand what the clause was actually saying, probably due to it's archaic wording. We are discussing making tender, a concept, not creating currency, a physical thing. 




Good thing I was talking about constitutional experts and not people in general. The large majority of people who studied the shape of the earth thought it was round while the layman thought it was flat. We could trust the experts in that field back then and they were correct. 
Also, thanks again for ignoring the my direct question about the BEP, as well as several of my other points. 
@_date: 2014-11-26 22:07:20
It says no state may do so, the constitution never says that the federal government may not do so. So the statement "the US constitution clearly states that only gold and silver can be legal tender" is incorrect because the constitution places the gold restrictions on the states only and not the federal government. The federal government does not violate the constitution when it authorizes, creates, or uses non gold and silver currencies as tender for debts because there is nothing in the constitution that says it may not do so. The federal government may make any thing a tender in payment debt that it wants. 


Yes, the fed sends orders to the BEP, it is then the job of the BEP to print the money. That doesn't contradict anything I said. What you are saying is the equivalent of someone ordering a pizza and having it delivered to them, then later saying that the person who ordered the pizza is the one who's job it is to deliver the pizza. The fed is the customer in this case and the printing is still the job of the BEP. 
@_date: 2014-11-27 18:26:45
Good, I see you agree with this statement. 


In other words it is a list of things the federal government can do that the states are not allowed to do. So lets look at the article clause by clause and see what we get. 


So since we are in agreement that this is a list of powers that are reserved solely for the federal government but things that the states can not do, we know this means that a state may not enter into a treaty, alliance, or confederation, but the federal government may. 


So a state may no grant letters of marque and reprisal, but the federal government may. 


States can't coin money, but the federal government can. 
 &gt;emit Bills of Credit; 
States can't emit bills of credit, but the federal government can. 


So the states can not authorize anything but gold and silver as legal tender but the federal government can. There you go. If you disagree with that that you must also believe that the federal government is not allowed to enter into a Treaty, Alliance, or Confederation; grant Letters of Marque and Reprisal; or pass any Bill of Attainder. 
Also the supreme court has already decided that it is constitutional to do so in Juliard v Goldman. The large, overwhelming majority of constitutional lawyers also disagree with you. If you are so convinced that you are more educated in constitutional law than constitutional lawyers and supreme court justices, then you should go ahead and sue the federal government for using fiat. You'll go down in history with your name on a supreme court decision. 


Nice cop out. Let me ask you this. Let's say you are a school teacher. You go to McDonald's for lunch. If you have just ordered a hamburger at McDonald's and while you are waiting in line someone asks what your job is, would you say that you are a school teacher or would you say that you cook hamburgers at McDonald's?
Answer one more, who's job was it to physically print the money in the 50 years that the BEP existed before the Federal Reserve was founded?
@_date: 2014-11-27 19:26:35




If it did, then why didn't the founding fathers just say that the federal government weren't allowed to authorize anything but gold and silver as legal tender instead of just restricting the states. The constitution mentions gold once and it is only in reference to something that a state may not do. 
@_date: 2013-12-18 18:18:35
What does this mean? I see people say "Based x" all the time and I have no idea what they are talking about. 