@_author: tydygy
@_date: 2013-11-12 20:39:20
Yes, I got those messages, too. And there were no charges pending at that point. But once it had been a week since the first attempt at verification, I was able to use the Re-charge button and the charges showed up within minutes. Hopefully, this works for you , too.
@_date: 2013-11-08 22:57:51
Good luck to you. And an update on my problem.
Before I heard back from tech support, I was able to resolve my issue because a week had past and I was able to re-charge my card and get the charge authorizations to show up this time. So this is not exactly a glowing credit to tech support, but it is a happy ending for me. Back to buying coins instantly.
@_date: 2013-11-12 20:53:30
I see this complaint quite often. I can’t refute it with any evidence, and I understand the frustration. But there is a reasonableness check that makes sense to me. When the price spikes, there is probably a proportional spike in attempts to buy coins. So the admittedly understaffed tech support could easily get overwhelmed to the point where they are not responding fast enough to keep unhappy and justifiably concerned buyers from coming to reddit to vent. And on the flip side, how often do you suppose people who get orders cancelled on coins where they would have lost money in a sudden value dip come running to reddit to complain?
It is well documented all over this sub that if you contact support by email they have often honored the original quoted order and price once they are satisfied that the order is in fact not high risk. I have not found a single instance of someone saying that they did contact support and where refused.
@_date: 2013-11-12 20:09:24
I contacted them about a verification issue last Friday the 1st at 2pm local time; they got back to me at 10am local Tuesday. I then responded with more details at 10:30am Tuesday and got a second response on Wednesday at 5:30pm. By Friday my issue was resolved without further tech support assistance.
@_date: 2013-11-07 20:51:03
While the tech support at Coinbase is not as responsive as I would like, it is better than many of the doom and gloom trolls would have you believe. I am in the middle of a problem with verification myself. But patience and politeness seems to be making progress possible. I contacted support via their online email form and the bug report, as you did, on Friday after trying everything to correct my problem. The first response I got was an email on Tuesday with some suggestions. They did not work, I responded with some clarifying information that same morning. I got a second reply with more suggestions Wednesday evening. Still no resolution after contacting my banks again the following morning so I have responded again including my phone number. That was this morning and I am waiting to hear back with my fingers crossed. I will keep updating as the story progresses.
So while I am not fully satisfied, yet, their support does get back to you if you are patient. I have bought nearly 30 coins over the last few months and have been largely happy with the service. I just need to be able to make instant purchases. The new credit card verification policy has taken this ability away from me and a problem with the system is preventing me from getting it back.