@_author: tylermdurden
@_date: 2014-08-07 01:14:13
If a single entity is given power / control of a market / idea / commodity / brand / widget, which door do you think the govt is going to knock on when they want it gone?  We can't afford to allow that kind of influence and leverage.  Too many eggs in a single basket... The govt is good at squashing the eggs in baskets which are readily visible to them.
@_date: 2014-12-21 00:10:49
Your right it is 1BN$ sorry I thought i remembered it being 5bn.  Any comment on the seriousness of this move against Bitcoin?  I see investing in Ripple and not Bitcoin as a move against Bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-08-09 17:02:28
All of those links have been taken down..
@_date: 2014-12-21 00:12:00
I'm not suggesting this is new news I am asking why no one thinks this is an issue.  Google in one of the most powerful companies in the world and an investment in a direct competitor of Bitcoin is a serious move against Bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-01-05 23:40:42
Bitstamp confirmed that they did in fact lose 19000 Bitcoin:
"Bitstamp customers can rest assured that their bitcoins held with us as prior to temporary suspension of services on January 5th (at 9am UTC) are completely safe and will be honored in full.
On January 4th, some of Bitstamp’s operational wallets were compromised, resulting in a loss of less than 19,000 BTC.  Upon learning of the breach, we immediately notified all customers that they should no longer make deposits to previously issued bitcoin deposit addresses.  As an additional security measure, we suspended our systems while we fully investigate the incident and actively engage with law enforcement officials.
This breach represents a small fraction of Bitstamp’s total bitcoin reserves, the overwhelming majority of which are are held in secure offline cold storage systems. We would like to reassure all Bitstamp customers that their balances held prior to our temporary suspension of services will not be affected and will be honored in full.
We appreciate customers’ patience during this disruption of services. We are working to transfer a secure backup of the Bitstamp site onto a new safe environment and will be bringing this online in the coming days. Customers can stay informed via updates on our website, on Twitter ( and through Bitstamp customer support at support
@_date: 2015-01-09 00:16:29
I'm pretty sure it was there.  Not positive but pretty sure
@_date: 2015-01-02 22:09:36
We can always just 'boo' him off the stage. This guy is a grade A scammer, and making vague and ridiculous claims about partnerships with Amazon and the like just serves to further spread distrust about himself and his brand.
@_date: 2015-01-09 00:15:12
Pantera dropped Bitstamp from their portfolio.  So they don't really have any HW anymore.
@_date: 2015-01-02 22:41:38
The Blockchain really is the more important technology here.  While yes, Bitcoin does allow for a more fluid and frictionless method of currency transfer, this hardly matters to the western world where the vast majority hold bank accounts and cannot make use of Bitcoin day to day.  Those in developing and 3rd world countries who can make use of it haven't heard of it yet.  They will in time but whether it can become a dominant use case for these people is anyones guess.  It will depend heavily on whether or not they are able to grasp the technology and its benefits in any meaningful manner.
So while Bitcoin the currency does hold some potential in certain areas of the world (if it can bypass the inevitable regulations which everyone seems to think are going to be innocent..they wont) the blockchain itself holds much higher value potential.  The value of secure and frictionless trading of information itself can be seen as a net gain for any company or govt without fear.  Govt may choose to make bitcoin acceptance illegal for commercial entities but I doubt it would ever be stonewalled as an information transfer system.  Keep in mind however the miners are still required for this system of transfer to work as is the value of the asset itself.  Only 21M units of transfer will ever exist, and those companies who wish to use the blockchain in order to move information will have to purchase units of transfer (bitcoin) in order to do so.  This obviously still maintains the need or bitcoin to have a cash value like gold, silicon, bandwidth or HDD space.  Even more so because of its limited supply.
This argument still validates a very high price for units of Bitcoin in the future, stemming not so much from use as a currency but instead as a use of secure transfer of information.  Some day stock's bonds and contracts of all kinds may see themselves imbedded in the blockchain at which point forget 70 TX per minute, we will be looking at 70 TX per uSec (micro sec).  Who knows what unit size of BTC will be needed for these transfers, but I think from the potential volume along we can assume that it doesn't matter.  Even if these transfers are flying around as satoshi's, their will be so damn many of them to not constitute high demand and value.
@_date: 2015-01-02 22:54:06
The hoarding argument is complete trash.  By this math anyone who saves US dollars in a bank account for any amount of time longer than a month is a 'hoarder'.  Complete nonsense.  Brought on clearly by the indebted, spend spend spend American society that we have become.  No one even fathoms the idea of saving anymore, so much to the extent that they are prepared to call savings 'hoarding'.  Really toxic way of thinking.  I don't necessarily blame the American people for having to live paycheck to paycheck, much of the cause of this isn't their fault, however I at least expect people to understand why and not play into the bastardization of the english language to fit the views of the banking elite.
@_date: 2015-01-05 23:34:42
Official response from Bitstamp on the hack and loss of 'Less than 19000 bitcoin' : 
"Bitstamp customers can rest assured that their bitcoins held with us as prior to temporary suspension of services on January 5th (at 9am UTC) are completely safe and will be honored in full.
On January 4th, some of Bitstamp’s operational wallets were compromised, resulting in a loss of less than 19,000 BTC.  Upon learning of the breach, we immediately notified all customers that they should no longer make deposits to previously issued bitcoin deposit addresses.  As an additional security measure, we suspended our systems while we fully investigate the incident and actively engage with law enforcement officials.
This breach represents a small fraction of Bitstamp’s total bitcoin reserves, the overwhelming majority of which are are held in secure offline cold storage systems. We would like to reassure all Bitstamp customers that their balances held prior to our temporary suspension of services will not be affected and will be honored in full.
We appreciate customers’ patience during this disruption of services. We are working to transfer a secure backup of the Bitstamp site onto a new safe environment and will be bringing this online in the coming days. Customers can stay informed via updates on our website, on Twitter ( and through Bitstamp customer support at support
@_date: 2015-01-02 22:59:40
It's not the risk of 'if Garza speaks he may damage our entire industry'.  The risk is if the media sees a link between Garza's BS scam project and bitcoin, when the scam project inevitably fails the media will scream 'BITCOIN IS A SCAM' from the top of their lungs by association.  The media will not make the distinction so the community has to before it becomes an issue.
@_date: 2015-01-05 23:38:19
People need to stop being paranoid, I have an account at Bitstamp and have vetted them to the extent that I am really quite certain they will take care of this issue.  Not every company is the world is an Enron or a MtGox, there are plenty of good actors and good businessmen in the world looking to make profits by running profitable and solvent companies.  Bitstamp is one of those companies.
@_date: 2015-01-02 23:32:03
Excellent post, I just tweeted the shit out of it so everyone can be aware of this bad actor.
@_date: 2015-01-05 23:36:11
Official update from Bitstamp on the loss of 19000 Bitcoin: (5.1m$)
"Bitstamp customers can rest assured that their bitcoins held with us as prior to temporary suspension of services on January 5th (at 9am UTC) are completely safe and will be honored in full.
On January 4th, some of Bitstamp’s operational wallets were compromised, resulting in a loss of less than 19,000 BTC.  Upon learning of the breach, we immediately notified all customers that they should no longer make deposits to previously issued bitcoin deposit addresses.  As an additional security measure, we suspended our systems while we fully investigate the incident and actively engage with law enforcement officials.
This breach represents a small fraction of Bitstamp’s total bitcoin reserves, the overwhelming majority of which are are held in secure offline cold storage systems. We would like to reassure all Bitstamp customers that their balances held prior to our temporary suspension of services will not be affected and will be honored in full.
We appreciate customers’ patience during this disruption of services. We are working to transfer a secure backup of the Bitstamp site onto a new safe environment and will be bringing this online in the coming days. Customers can stay informed via updates on our website, on Twitter ( and through Bitstamp customer support at support
@_date: 2014-08-07 21:09:46
I'm fairly certain the BTC foundation doesn't actually make or sell anything... Stop donating to them and they away.
@_date: 2015-01-02 04:43:18
lol what
@_date: 2015-08-16 23:21:09
Sorry you were saying something about a "small minority of people maintaining control over Bitcoin"
THIS directly from the XT site.
"Decisions are made through agreement between Mike and Gavin, with Mike making the final call if a serious dispute were to arise. In the event that such a dispute cannot be resolved this way and an XT developer were to make a fork, this website would provide a discussion and link to the competing version."
Seems to me the decentralized nature of Bitcoin has just been hijacked to give full power over the project to a single dictator...