@_author: tylerinhifi
@_date: 2017-09-25 07:01:23
No, it’s guaranteed funds. Guaranteed funds means that the recipient bank releases that much immediately while processing the transaction on the back end. 
EDIT: It’s the electronic equivalent to a bank draft or cashier’s cheque. The bank from which the money is being withdrawn immediately removes that exact amount from the account which it’s being drawn from, say $100. When the bank at which the account it’s being deposited into sees that it’s guaranteed funds, they immediately released $100 into the account it’s being deposited into while they take care of the back end work involved in retrieving the $100 from the other bank. The guaranteed funds part of it comes from the fact that they bank account from which it’s being withdrawn has had that $100 “removed” already, unlike with a regular cheque where it’s not removed until the cheque is processed on the other end. If you have $150 in your account, you can write 2 cheques for $100 for 2 different people and they can both deposit them. Their banks won’t release the funds to them until they’ve checked with the cheque issuing bank to make sure the money is actually there. One cheque will clear, the second won’t. I can’t send an e-transfer for money that isn’t in my account, as such when the recipient gets it, their online banking system treats it as guaranteed funds and releases it immediately to them. 
@_date: 2018-02-01 05:19:44
Jeb! 2023 gonna MAGMA: Make Alts Go (to the) Moon Again
@_date: 2017-09-25 06:49:41
No it doesn’t. It’s guaranteed funds, you can’t transfer more than you have available. You send the e-transfer, the receiving party opens their email, clicks the link, signs into their online banking, answers the security question, selects the account to deposit, done. The actual back end process may take a couple business days to be fully posted and complete, but the funds are, for all intents and purposes, transferred immediately from one party to another. I do it all the time. 