@_author: tylerdogeden
@_date: 2015-04-17 10:23:05
If a company can pull off the absurdity that is running a 24/7 20x leverage Bitcoin futures market, I am inclined to believe them when they say that they are fixing it and the funds are "accounted for". 
If days go by and their site is still down then yeah they fucked up big and now we're broke and sad, but the weekly futures settled just a few hours ago. It'd be grossly negligent of them to turn everything back on after just a couple hours. Okcoin can't just accept some numbers from the Chinese fortran black magic equation SQL incubus they have paid aborted fetus blood to run their 20x leverage btc futures market at face value and use this csv or whatever to set our financial accounts in order. 
They better be diligently checking shit tons of boring math. 
I think I can patiently wait a day, maybe two, before I flip out, post the suicide hotline to this sub, and go jump off a bridge. 
@_date: 2015-04-17 10:01:42
I'd prefer they fix the error first, then explain the technical minutia of what went wrong second. 
If a company can pull off the absurdity that is running a 24/7 20x leverage Bitcoin futures market, I am inclined to believe them when they say 




If days go by and their site is still down then yeah they fucked up and now we're broke and sad but the weekly futures settled just a few hours ago. It'd be grossly negligent of them to turn everything back on after just a couple hours. Okcoin can't just accept some numbers from the Chinese fortran black magic equation SQL incubus they have paid aborted fetus blood to run their 20x leverage btc futures market at face value; and use this csv or whatever to set our financial accounts in order. 
They better be diligently checking shit tons of boring math. 
I think I can patiently wait a day, maybe two, before I flip out, post the suicide hotline to this sub, and go jump off a bridge. 
@_date: 2015-04-17 09:23:47
While this futures settlement issue is anxiety inducing. I appreciate and am reassured by okcoin's presence in this thread. It is good customer service. Please keep us updated!