@_author: typhos123
@_date: 2014-02-04 03:44:25
I agree that all of those (Trezor, Piperwallet, BIPstealth addresses, Numisalis NFC coins, darkwallets, Robocoin, Lamassu, BIP-70) things are great, but my point totally sailed over your head, and you're in fact reinforcing it with your statements. I was talking about the coin itself, and my main arguement was that it's bitcoin's community that's doing all of those things, the community is what's keeping the crypto alive. Furthermore bitcoin itself has literally innovated nothing since its inception, alts come out all the time that improve transaction speeds and other such things, and so allow me to procure a simple question for you to mull over: what exactly makes bitcoin itself better than other cryptos? Keeping in mind that literally any advancement made to it can be made to every other alt. And also, I get what you're saying about doge's nonsensical "fun" community, but compare doge now to 2009 bitcoin, and it's very apparent that it has quite a bit of support to become a very widespread CURRENCY, unlike the capped bitcoin, which by definition can never be more than an asset. Just try to imagine what'll happen once bitcoin has no miners for a second, its title as a currency will quickly wither away. And as I've stated before, I'm not even a huge doge fan, but the things it's done in such a short time would make any wise investor look twice before hopping back on the bitcoin bandwagon.
@_date: 2014-02-04 01:47:04
You guys really don't understand that bitcoin isn't at all "innovative" or different than any other crypto. I find it hilarious how much people ride bitcoin's balls and forget that the only thing that sets it apart from the crowd right now is the "community" you seem to moronically put down on doge. It is that same kind of community that allows bitcoin to be traded in more places and allowed it to gain value. I couldn't give a whistling dolphin fart if you downvote me, but the fact of the matter is Doge has a community that's getting it spread at a wildfire pace that bitcoin can't even touch, and I'm mainly a bitcoin investor. Learn the facts and begin to realize that the "training wheels" you speak of are in no technical or social way inferior to bitcoin. Fuck off, and do your homework on cryptos before arbitrarily posting nonsense on the internet. Rant over.
@_date: 2014-02-04 02:44:39
I totally agree that the meme may wear out and that bitcoin was the original, but open-source is open source. A clone of bitcoin IS bitcoin, it's the beauty and curse of the digital world; a digital world in which bitcoin may only be looked back on as the forefather of cryptocurrencies if it doesn't maintain not only a thriving, but an expanding community. 