@_author: typical_pubbie
@_date: 2013-04-15 14:22:59
Well, you could use it as a paperweight, or you could make things out of it and then sell those things for real currency.
What is the intrinsic value of a Bitcoin?
@_date: 2013-03-28 04:02:31
Fancy meeting you here.


During a period of significant deflation you're going to have a hard time selling anything. Like you, everyone else will be trying to save money to take advantage of the appreciating value of the currency. Money saved is money unspent. That means fewer hamburgers sold, which leads to fewer hours worked, which means less money for savings.
@_date: 2013-03-28 04:54:11


People will spend less on food in aggregate to save more money. That means less burgers and more red beans and rice. You might say "Well, then I'll just work at a grocery store," which would be fine except that everyone else who's been put out of a job because of the tightening of the money supply (due to deflation) will be thinking exactly the same thing. This excess supply of labor will drive down your wages, assuming you can get a job at all. You'll be getting paid less money for less work which means less savings assuming you make enough money to pay the bills in the first place.
Deflation is a horrible thing.
@_date: 2013-03-28 05:43:00
I certainly could whine about it when the tightening of money inevitably results in high unemployment. The purchasing power of a unit is meaningless if you're being paid 0 units. But this is why I like debating with you, ladyM: *you're so close to the truth you're practically standing on it.* Because then you say this:


Did you seriously just acknowledge that inflation is needed for an economy to grow? Seriously? Are you OK? Did you burst into flames?
And what would cause this deflationary period to end? If the value of a currency keeps going up there's no reason for people to stop saving. If people won't stop saving, how then will the deflationary period end? Magic? If you had a central bank to control the flow it would be a simple matter of printing more notes. But you don't, so steal underpants = ??? = profit. 
@_date: 2013-04-15 05:33:47
How is debt bad? Do you think the money you pay for the interest on your debts just vanishes into thin air? Debt payments go right back into the economy. The same is true for government debts. Without debt human development would be hundreds, if not thousands of years behind what it is now. 


Uh, the reason modern economies abandoned gold is because there isn't enough of the stuff on the planet to keep pace with growth.


Well at least you acknowledge that Bitcoin isn't a currency; it's a speculative commodity with zero intrinsic value. And unlike Microsoft, Bitcoin has no potential for generating value. It can only suck value out of the economy by absorbing dollars and euros that could have been spent putting people to work.
@_date: 2013-04-15 05:10:31
You're taking two distinct parts of the article out of context and pretending that they're part of the same point.
The first quote is obviously about intrinsic value. Bitcoin has none.
In the second quote, Krugman is talking about gold and silver coins as *fiat currency,* where their real value comes primarily from their acceptance as payment for sovereign debts, just like regular paper dollars.
@_date: 2013-04-15 05:10:19
You're taking two distinct parts of the article out of context and pretending that they're part of the same point.
The first quote is obviously about intrinsic value. Bitcoin has none.
In the second quote, Krugman is talking about gold and silver coins as *fiat currency,* where their real value comes primarily from their acceptance as payment for sovereign debts, just like regular paper dollars.
@_date: 2013-04-08 17:58:37
It's not a currency. It's digital gold.
@_date: 2013-03-28 05:55:52
haha OK so the saving continues until literally the only money people are willing/able to spend is on basic necessities. Congratulations, you've imploded the economy. 
@_date: 2013-04-15 07:15:47
It's fixed by the issuer, but the story never says co-op members couldn't (or didn't) negotiate prices. No matter, since either way it's a red herring. The problem was that people who didn't need their children babysat ended up accumulating more and more scrip.
What good would negotiating the price do in this situation? The people hoarding the scrip already have more scrip than they need. They might agree to have their own children babysat for x2 or x3 the nominal value of the scrip, but that's a horrible solution to the problem. It means the people who are actively working to support the co-op (by actually *spending scrip*, thus creating jobs) are penalized with what amounts to a horrendous paycut for their baby-sitting labor, while the people who hoard scrip can demand any price they want, sit on their scrip for as long as they need to, and basically fuck the co-op economy.
All that pain, or the central scrip bank could just signal that it's going to pursue a policy of inflation until the scrip becomes liquid again. The inflation doesn't have to be bad, just enough to get the hoarders to start spending. 
@_date: 2013-04-08 08:13:10
No, that was not a great argument. Please reread what he wrote:


Now try to parse that crap. What the hell does "consolidate growth" mean? As far as I can tell, it means hoarding. When a so-called currency "consolidates growth" it is quite simply leaching value out of the economy. All of the value that is in Bitcoin at the moment is value that could be spent in the economy making things and putting people to work. Instead this value is being collected in hard-drives around the world where it sits and does *nothing.* And if you think the point of Bitcoin is to "consolidate value" then you had better hope it continues doing nothing, because the moment people start spending their Bitcoins the value will plummet and all this consolidated value nonsense will be turned on its head.
@_date: 2013-04-15 15:06:43
And what attributes make a currency desirable? Is it the knowledge that the money you hold in your hand is guaranteed to be accepted for transactions by a governing authority? No offense, but I feel like you're walking all the way up to the definition of fiat currency, and then deliberately stopping for some reason.
@_date: 2013-04-15 06:59:43
You have no idea what intrinsic value means, do you?
Pop quiz, hotshot. The Bitcoin network is permanently shutdown, or you are otherwise forbidden from connecting to it. What are your remaining Bitcoins worth?
(the answer is nothing)
@_date: 2013-03-28 06:16:02
In which case you've accomplished nothing? You've ruined the economy with protracted negative growth. Your fix for this problem is to spend the money you've been uselessly saving, which leads to... inflation!
underpants = ??? = profit!
Have a nice day, ladyM. :)
@_date: 2013-04-08 19:10:46
@_date: 2013-04-15 07:27:00
Because I don't see what advantages an online currency has over digital transactions of standard currencies, especially when the latter is also done sensibly. An online currency is useful right up until the point where I need to convert it to sovereign currency to pay taxes, fees, rent, utilities, etc.
That is, not very useful at all.
@_date: 2013-04-15 05:16:17
Actually, at no point in the story are the members of the co-op ever restricted from negotiating the value of the tokens amongst themselves. The official price is only a nominal value. The dilemma in the story is that the people hoarding the tokens don't *want* to spend them at all, because they don't need baby sitting services in the short-term. Meanwhile the rest of the co-op is starving for tokens.
@_date: 2013-04-15 14:23:24
What is the intrinsic value of a Bitcoin? 
@_date: 2013-04-15 14:29:04
OK, you made me go back and double-check the article just to be sure. Here's the quote in context:


I bolded the parts that make this a quote about fiat currency. Money is a social contrivance. Coins are minted by a central authority. People expect a coin to be accepted somewhere, by someone, whether that coin is a US quarter or a Chuck-E-Cheese token. I think the specific use of the word coin is what makes this a quote about fiat currency. 
edit: I realize that it is feasible for anyone to mint their own coin. But if you just mint a coin out of raw gold or silver then the value of the coin is no higher than the value of the precious metals it contains (in fact, it's slightly less). No one has to accept it as currency, and the only people who value it are those who want the precious metals contained within it.
@_date: 2013-04-15 04:55:53


Why?