@_author: tyvuet
@_date: 2013-11-29 19:23:42
If a payment processor like BitPay (but probably not BitPay) accepted alts it would be no work for the merchant.  The merchant would just choose to get the USD/BTC equivalent of whatever alt the customer wanted to use.
It is an advantage to the merchant because miners and holders of alts (which have market caps in the millions) now have access to their products directly without paying fees to exchange.
If you already accept BTC it is negligible work to add in other APIs.


There's a lot of valid arguments against alts but don't try to argue against this please.  It's pretty solid fact.
Alts make mining for individuals via merged mining which adds to network security.
The stability is from having the economic and technological backup of an alt and also from evening markets instantly with arbitrage.
@_date: 2013-11-30 01:42:35
There's a psychological barrier of buying at a loss.  Day traders who make a poor sell have a hard time justifying selling at 1000 buying back at 1200 then selling at 1100 on another exchange.  Having another third currency medium closes that gap because people are more willing to buy back in something else then take it to an where BTC is cheap relative to that currency.  In reality you're not really saving money directly but people still are less likely to look at it as a loss.
@_date: 2013-11-29 19:09:08
People said the same thing about BTC a year ago.
Also alt coins have direct utility now that BTC is successful.  They're good for arbitrage, network security, stability, and testing.  Many of the top coins are top because they are very complimentary to BTC.  They aren't competing.
Having an nearly identical crypto is still very useful.  It doesn't need to offer anything BTC doesn't, just having one is great for arbitrage and the psychology of stability (e.g if your business depends on fast transactions and BTC is experience a fork, knowing you can temporarily fall back on an alt dampens panic).
There's also no reason not to accept them.  There's no risk if you're converting them directly back to BTC/USD and the APIs are nearly identical so it's negligible work to support the top ones.
Yes some are obviously scams but there are many useful legitimate ones.
@_date: 2013-11-29 19:17:48
Yeah I think the market will weed out the obvious mass scams but even decades from now there's definitely room and need for at least two major cryptos.  Arbitraging with two cryptos is basically a MUST.  Fiat arbitrage is essentially impossible.  The bonus stability it adds is nice too and the psychology stability of having a backup for temporary disruption (e.g. a fork) is VERY valuable in my opinion.
I think there's room for other alts too but I don't think they will be worth a lot.  They're still valuable for testing new ideas though.  For example FTC showed us how to deal with a major attack.  That gave people a lot of confidence for BTC surviving an attack.
And like I said in another post, if you can convert them then there's no reason NOT to accept them.  The APIs of alts are very identical to BTC so it's negligible work to accept them if you already accept BTC.  If you are automatically converting them then there's no risk and no reason not to accept them.
I do not hold anything but BTC and USD but I do accept any alt I convert to BTC (which I do immediately and automatically) and I use alts (mainly LTC) for daily arbitrage.
I support the idea of alts because I think they will greatly help and compliment BTC.
@_date: 2013-11-29 19:03:35
I support alts but fast confirm times don't really matter.  The faster it can confirm the lower the security is.  You can confirm with any cryptocurrency instantly but the faster you're willing to confirm then the higher risk of an attack.  For transactions BTC and any crypto can do instant zero confirmation confirmations that are as reasonably secure as any other crypto.
@_date: 2013-11-29 20:09:42


So a big problem with exchanges having different prices is because they all have pretty widely different ways of getting fiat out.  The slower/more expensive fiat gets out, the higher the price is on that exchange.
Even the fastest fiat methods can take days or a week so any leveling during instability is too laggy to do anything to stabilize.
Having a second crypto on any exchange allows for a near instant (crypto currency speed) stream of leveling out the price.  For example, USD doesn't level on Gox because Gox can't get USD out fast at all.  If someone sells on Gox, buys LTC, then gets their LTC as USD on another exchange, that is effectively evening out the USD.
Having that stream of LTC and BTC leveling then opens up instant leveling to exchanges that trade ANY currency.  It effectively is just connecting exchanges more.  Having the prices level like this and having bots that automatically take advantage of differences (high frequency traders), adds to the stability of the economy and dampens the effects of a crash.


Well I mean it's basic logic.  You can just think about it and see how it works.  If arbitrage bots/people are taking advantage of discrepancies, then a crash on one market would cause a buy on that same market.
You can read up on arbitrage I guess up on wikipedia but you really shouldn't have to if you just think about it.  It's not some massive theory.  Basically arbitrage is virtually zero risk for people who are ready to trade.  They typically don'y care what the price is, they just try to take advantage of difference as fast as possible.  Having another alt to allow fast trading would facilitate this and dampen panic.


So yeah obviously you can't merged mine with two different algorithms (LTC uses Scrupt, BTC uses SHA-256) but giving miners options makes it less likely that they will liquidate their mining equipment.  Many miners use sites like this: 
They will mine whatever is most profitable sometimes automatically.  So having diversity is important.  Having a network that was/is temporarily resistant to ASICs saved a lot of miners.  Yeah that can't keep happening every time one coin is dominated, but it definitely helped spread the work during a pretty critical time of adoption.


Again I don't think I can give you hard evidence of this stuff because it's so new.  There aren't major polls on whether or not miners keep mining because alts make their mining equipment more profitable.  So I guess it's just my opinion from experience so take that for what it's worth! :P
@_date: 2013-11-29 19:49:54
Thanks and yeah I really don't get the hostility.  I feel like I got the same hostility when I talked about bitcoin to non-bitcoin people.
I have no stake or strong personal opinion on alt coins but their utility even now is pretty obvious.
I guess it's just people getting angry at stuff they don't understand that they see as a threat/missed opportunity.
It's like that whole thing with BTC where people would give me a weird jealous reaction of "well you made money now because you got lucky but it's a scam and you're going to lose it all because you're stupid and I'm not."  Which is funny since I have made zero dollars from either of these things I just get excited about how useful the technology could be.
@_date: 2013-11-29 18:58:53
Dude that's exactly what people said about BTC.  And no China has been picking up alt coins for their potential in arbitrage which is why we're seeing unprecedented growth along the same lines as BTC.
It's not competing with BTC they are complimentary!
@_date: 2013-11-29 18:57:18
LTC actually had a much higher yield than BTC this year so far.  LTC is growing very fast and it'll grow even more when major exchanges pick it up for arbitrage.  There is a need for a nearly identical secondary cryptocurrency whether you like it or not (it helps arbitragers and miners which actually helps stabilize the economy and boost network security).
Please don't fall into the trap of "I'm scared of alt coins because they'll make my bitcoins worth less!"  It's complete bullshit they are absolutely complimentary.
Just having a second one as a backup during instability or having another one to as a separate blockchain for testing different ideas IS enough reason to have alt coins.  Even if that's unlikely to be needed or never needed, the psychology of having that alternative leads to stability. It doesn't need to offer "different features" being an identical auxiliary coin is enough for it to be useful.
I don't own any LTC but I do accept it as payment.  I convert it directly to BTC but I still support alt coins since they do help BTC.  There are some obvious scam but there are many ones that at least are legitimately trying to test new stuff out and I support those.  There's no risk in supporting/accepting them if you convert them immediately.
@_date: 2013-11-29 20:12:57
Thanks sorry I'm on mobile and couldn't check easily.  I felt like I was probably wrong damn it!  Hopefully this doesn't discredit me because I'm way too lazy to go back and change it :P
@_date: 2013-11-29 19:46:36
Okay dude seriously I am a pretty level headed guy and hate a lot of dumb ass alts, but you're being really closed minded without even thinking.  I'm not arguing any get rich quick schemes, I'm looking at the basic utility.
Yes even if all alt coins are bull shit just think of the logic here...bear with me...


People mine alts and convert them to BTC or USD at a fee on an exchange.  If they are converting to BTC and paying via BitPay, that's a 1% + exchange fees going to fees which limits the money going to merchants and consumers.  If BitPay or something similar accepted alts it would add convenience for miners who merge mined since they could avoid fees by paying for stuff directly.
Like it or not, people mine alts and this would be useful to everyone involved with no risk even if the alt coin was a huge scam.  The only risk is for people holding or mining alts which this doesn't require you to do as a merchant or processor.  It's completely win-win for bitcoin and bitcoin users.  It doesn't affect you or me at all negatively in any scenario.


Do you not understand what merged mining is?  Merged mining is mining two or more coins at the same time.  BTC is not profitable to mine so the only thing stopping a huge percent of the network from not mining it is merged mining with other coins because there's no reason not to.
This has NOTHING to do with alt coin security that is a "joke."  I'm simply saying that people who are willing to mine alt coins by merged mining are helping bitcoin too since there's no reason not to merged mine.
@_date: 2013-11-29 20:19:48
Yeah there would still be a bit of inflation on Gox still but no where near the pressure we see right now.
Even if you think that wouldn't relieve the USD inflation enough, remember that adding LTC to any exchange suddenly connects any other currency LTC works with to that exchange.  You can't buy BTC with RUR on Gox but if they accepted LTC you could buy LTC with RUR on BTC-E then buy BTC with LTC on Gox.
This is VERY valuable in connecting the currencies without going through a world of delays and risk with fiat. 
@_date: 2013-11-29 19:01:00
It doesn't need to offer anything new.  Just having another nearly identical coin offers a wealth of use for arbitrage and stability.
They aren't competing they are absolutely complimentary.