@_author: tzn42
@_date: 2018-05-01 16:16:22
First Blockstream broke Bitcoin by blocking a block size increase and now you guys are trying to break Lightning.  You know, eventually people will wise up to you.  This is absurd.  
@_date: 2018-05-01 16:36:35
They are literally breaking the incentive to not attempt to cheat.  Come on man.  This is even more obvious.  
I actually have slightly more bitcoin than bitcoin cash.  Why on earth would I want bitcoin to fail?  Give me a break.  Look at what they are doing here.  If this goes through, I will definitely be getting out of bitcoin though.  This literally breaks the off-chain incentive--just nuts.  Is Blockstream vying for evil company of the century or something?
@_date: 2018-05-01 22:51:25
I never said it was vaporware.  You're fighting a straw man.  Personally I can't see it working though until you have multiple channels servicing one payment--supposedly on the road map.  
Blockstream didn't make Lightning do crap.  They are just trying to cripple another avenue to do transactions someone else came up with.  You don't know the history of Lightning or payment channels.    
You need to get your information from less censored subs.  Of course the truth is you're pushing Blockstream propaganda.  They probably will push this crap through which will break off-chain transactions--no one wants a system where people are incentivized to try to steal your money.  
Blockstream just loves to kill user adoption.  Anything that benefits the user, they must cripple.   
@_date: 2018-05-01 16:26:24
This makes zero sense and is just another attempt to break bitcoin.  Good job Blockstream.  Really good job.  Way to screw everyone constantly.  
No one wants to use on-chain transactions because of fees and now no one is going to want to use lightning because the whole thing will be designed to incentivize cheaters.   Great.  Just great.  You guys are really earning those central bank dollars you're getting.  
Gregory Maxwell has trained his minion clones well before leaving.  
@_date: 2018-05-01 22:41:22
I know!  That's the whole point--to break on-chain transactions and break off-chain transaction.  Why don't you think a little.  Elizabeth Stark did NOT create Lightning and Blockstream did not create payment channels.  Use your head for something besides a hat rack.  
@_date: 2018-05-01 16:04:56
Makes no sense to me.  Seems like the offending party never gets punished so he can just keep offending and might even end up taking your money with no consequences.  The whole point of the other way is that he can get severely punished so he may not want to misbehave. Here, if he is the last one to update, he just screws you with no punishment--terrific.  You're actually motivating people to cheat.  Seems like you actually broke the fix to me.  
You signing off on the transaction or some such nonsense is silly too as sure you could have signed off on you sending him all your btc but after he sent you all his and you never signed off on that so you're screwed.  
@_date: 2018-04-29 01:20:26
False consensus created from censored forums and sybil attacks by large companies is meaningless.  Having said that, may the best vision win--even though people should probably stop treating it like a zero sum game.
However, if you call Bitcoin Cash BCash but are upset that Roger Ver calls it Bitcoin on his site then you should remove the log from your own eye and ask yourself why you aren't emotionally triggered by all the other coins that begin with Bitcoin.  It comes across as either propaganda or worse...fear.  Personally I want people to stop that as I have slightly more BTC than BCH so I don't want the BTC community to appear fearful.