@_author: tzujan
@_date: 2017-11-29 19:49:53
I have been trying to log in for the past couple of hours, I am quite ticked off. 
@_date: 2017-06-09 05:20:00
I know it is not the USA, but the Taiping Rebellion, Mongol conquests, An Lushan Rebellion, and Thirty Years' War are some wars of the top of my head that were not as big as WWII in numbers of people, but if I am not mistaken killed a much larger percentage of the worlds population, all under the gold standard and some cases a mercantile system.  The An Lushan Rebellion was the largest loss of the percentage of humans on earth 15%!
And BTW the frequency of interstate conflict is the lowest it has ever been, ever. Until NATO Europe has basically been in constant war, with some occasional bouts of peace.  Was has been diminishing rapidly since WWII, so that means we should credit the central banks who really came into there own, at least their most efficient with codified economic theories, by 40s? 
@_date: 2017-06-09 13:22:19
I don’t think nuclear weapons are the cause of peace, instead it is the enlightenment thinking that has slowly be replacing authoritarian governance. It is not a straight line, but overtime more countries have become democratic.  I see WWII as the last gasp of authoritarian rule is western Europe, and Putin would love to bring it back.   Elsewhere we see similar changes, and the information age has helped immensely.  
I would also give credit to trade among democracies as a huge contributor.  With few exceptions, democracies that trade with each other don’t fight each other.  Also, their economies become efficient as the can import what would be too expensive to produce locally (gets rid of the need to plunder for goods and wealth as it was under mercantile systems). The efficiency leads to wealth, and more often then not, helps the citizens become more educated and participants in the democratic process.  I by no means think our trade agreements have been perfect, yet in my view, have been essential to peace.
@_date: 2017-06-09 21:01:51
I agree with the authoritarian push, but for me it falls under the “small” moves testing the edges. As I said, I don't think it is a straight line, yet the arc of society is moving in a more enlightened direction and has been since Hobbes, Montesquieu, Locke and others put their thoughts on paper, which in large part, was inspired by the stupidity of constant warfare.  It was not an overnight change and things are still progressing forward. 
Maybe you are right with the nuclear bomb, though it does not jibe with the trends prior to the invention. Steven Pinker, in his book The Better Angels of Our Nature: Why Violence Has Declined (I highly recommend this book!!), shows that if you remove the 22 giant bloodlettings in human history (WWI, WWII, Mongol conquests, An Lushan Rebellion, etc..) that there has been as steady decline in war and violence in general. Once again, it has not been a straight line.  
Another thing to think about at the beginning of WWII less than 10% of the world lived under democratic rule. At the end of the war it more than tripled, and now we have a world that is over 50% democratic.  That is a trend line is inversely related to the amount of war. 