@_author: u2rounding
@_date: 2017-09-19 19:58:49
If you can suggest a better way for me to secure thousands of dollars in a manner which I hold complete control of the funds, please let me know. My bitcoins can cross boarders effortlessly, cannot be siezed by any authority, nor can accounts or transactions be frozen. Even if my devices are broken, simply remembering a string of common words can recover all of my accounts. Nothing outside the crypto world offers the same utility, and bitcoin reigns supreme currently in the crypto world. 
Also, for every crypto related fraud you can name, I can easily find 10 that are worse involving fiat currency, so I don't think that is a valid argument as fraud exists everywhere.
@_date: 2017-09-22 20:04:03
Yea, it is a pretty common problem with a lot of the wallet software, but I mostly wanted to stress that the problem was software and not bitcoin itself. The community supporting bitcoin definitely still needs some work, because wide spread adoption wont happen until the tech illiterate, or at least those with limited technical backgounds, can easily use it. My main storage option also doesn't let me adjust the fee, but it works for me right now since I use that for long term storage and electrum for short term storage which does let me adjust the fee to some degree.
@_date: 2017-09-22 18:35:03
I've never spent more than like $2 on a transaction, even prior to the BCH split when the mempool was backlogged. You're doing something wrong. Whether it is using software with a poor fee estimator, or you're transactions are usually big (e.g. sending 10 cents from 50 wallets to get your $5) I have no idea, but the required fee to be included in the next block or two should absolutely not cost $4 in tx fee.
You have to remember this shit is still being developed, and if you got involved in bitcoin expecting it to just work without having to do any research, you should either get out or adjust your expectations. Bitcoin is still not particularly user friendly, and imo not ready for wide spread adoption, but a lot of us are okay with that. Its getting there, but you still need to do your own research to avoid stuff like this.
@_date: 2017-09-22 16:24:57
I'm not a huge fan of Roger, and don't have any idea who Olivier is, but I think this would be pretty neat. If they hold true to their principles and do end up creating a voluntaryist country, it shouldn't matter who was involved in the creation, or what their personal beliefs are, because the entire point of the philosphy is the voluntary association of individuals. Best of luck to them.