@_author: uasdasd677
@_date: 2018-01-09 15:20:43
I don't see why this would "burst the bubble".
The bitcoin protocol doesn't demand the current level of energy expenditure. All that would happen is that other miners in other areas would move in once the cheap Chinese competition was removed.
Even if they didn't, the Bitcoin network would continue to function quite happily on only a fraction of the energy expenditure. 
@_date: 2018-01-09 15:08:09
The posts I've seen so far haven't indicated any tampering with the actual hardware. 
What's happened is that some ledgers have been sent out with a professional looking leaflet in the box, that requires the user to scratch off some material to reveal "their unique seed". The user then sets up the device using the provided seed, which is of course is already compromised and known by the scammer.
The moment the funds hit the account, they are swept by the scammer. Again, that's not a hardware compromise, it's a man in the middle attack that relies on tricking the user into incorrectly using the device - in this case setting up the hardware with an already known seed.
Now, that's not to say that it would be impossible for someone to actually tamper with the hardware, but I just haven't seen any evidence of it yet. I expect if crypto continues to grow this will become an issue eventually, but most scammers (at the moment) don't have the skills, time or money to reverse engineer a device like the Ledger. But it's good to be cautious.
Remember, you can run some tests on your Ledger to check that it is creating secure wallets. I don't have the link to hand, but I'm sure you can find something on the main ledger website. 
If you are really paranoid you can even open the device up and check its innards against official pictures. That said, I've heard they are notoriously hard to take apart without breaking / damaging and there's no guarantee you'd spot the tampering anyway.
I got a ledger back in 2016, and have used it for over a year now with no issues. 
What I would encourage you to do is practice restoring the device from YOUR seed, to make sure you are familiar with the process and that it works. Before I dumped all my crypto onto mine, I put a small balance on and did a full factory reset / restore - just gives me confidence that my seed does actually work.
@_date: 2018-01-06 21:06:20
That guy has hair of goodness.