@_author: uberneck
@_date: 2012-11-02 16:35:21
True, I think domain registration and hosting for the year was around $50. If I need to increase my hosting plan, that would be substantially more money, but I'm not going to pay for a hosting plan I don't need. This isn't a traditional "union," in that kind of sense, it's more of a collective. Similar to the Consumers Union that publishes Consumer Reports.
@_date: 2012-11-02 03:18:01
Yeah, certainly not related ads. And non-related ads would look seriously out of place. Someone suggested computing hardware and the like, but I don't know, it's definitely not my first choice.
@_date: 2012-11-02 03:53:28
I would love to collaborate. Do you know of any way to get in touch? 
Edit: I meant outside of the site's contact box, I did them a message from there
@_date: 2012-11-02 15:26:56
Thanks for the response. I'm not sure why you were downvoted. Services like this need criticism.
While scams are generally listed on the forums, they're not uniformly organized and in a user-friendly format. Sure, there's a landing page for the major scams that have happened, but relatively little information is included with each listing and there's nothing listed on the thread about *how* to protect yourself from these kinds of scams, hacks and frauds. Plus, the casual user, the casual fan should have all of this information in a singular place. Most folks don't use forums.
I've already had a few folks send me their business information for inclusion on the site. If no one had reached out to me, I would be more inclined to agree that businesses and vendors don't care. I think it's too early to see whether or not these businesses are willing toward working on a set principal of basic financial fairness in the marketplace, but right now that interaction has been good. And it's not me that merchants will need to care about, it's our users that supply consumer reports and recommendations.
As far as doing something useful... I had a need, there was no way to satisfy it and so I'm working on my own solution. While you might not find such a service useful, I believe some people out there might.
Let me know if you have any other criticisms or thoughts on the project!
@_date: 2012-11-02 15:28:29
Hi Yorn, I'll be sending you a PM here shortly. Thanks for your response!
@_date: 2012-11-02 02:23:09
For the moment this is a not-for-profit project, but I am accepting donations if anyone would like to help cover hosting and domain registration costs.
Down the road, who knows? Ads, accepting payment from merchants to be listed as a "trusted vendor" and charging for access to the quarterly reports (similarly to how Consumer Reports charges a subscription to view their content) could be on the table.
Right now, my aim is to put together a service for consumers to empower themselves.