@_author: ubernostrum
@_date: 2014-11-01 17:57:28
Keep in mind that plenty of open-source projects already have done the necessary technical and legal work to set up their own donation/support mechanisms, *and* that there is already a popular opt-in tipping service for individual developers (gittip).
A third-party system which collects on behalf of projects and individuals even when those projects/individuals don't want it or already have/use a preferred donation mechanism in place is problematic in light of that.
@_date: 2014-11-01 18:21:26
If I ever were to accept tips from them (I have been spammed with their emails without my consent and always refused to take action on the "unclaimed tips" they collected "on my behalf" and still am trying to opt out, something they claim they do not support), I would have tax liability resulting from those tips.
In many countries *they* likely have a tax-reporting requirement when they pay out, too. In many countries it is illegal to solicit donations without first registering with the tax authority. And so on and so forth; their responses when this has been brought up is that they're small and can't afford lawyers, which is a thing that always works out well for people who collect and transfer money, as I'm sure you're aware...
@_date: 2014-11-01 17:59:33
There already is an opt-in tipping mechanism for individual developers: gittip.
Projects, meanwhile, often have their own support/donation mechanisms in place and certainly should have the right to A) demonstrate a preference for how to support the project and B) avoid having a third-party donation-collector potentially be confused with the preferred mechanism.
@_date: 2014-11-02 00:34:57
Again I am speaking *as an individual who wants to be removed from tip4commit*.
The evidence appears to be quite clear that tip4commit violated GitHub's terms of service by harvesting email addresses from GitHub and sending unsolicited email to GitHub users about tip4commit's "service". Not only is explicit opt-in the ethically correct thing to do there, it is in quite a few jurisdictions the *legally required* thing to do.
@_date: 2014-11-02 01:05:21
As an individual, I had my contact information harvested without my consent and in violation of GitHub's terms of service for the purpose of sending me unsolicited email about tip4commit's service.
My attempts to retroactively opt out of what they forcibly "opted" me into have been like something out of *Brazil* -- every time it feels like the tip4commit people are finally backed into an argumentative corner, they just say "oh, well, now you're talking about a separate problem, we have to open a separate ticket and have the whole discussion again".
This is not good faith. This is not good. This does not give me a positive impression of the alleged bright future of bitcoin and associated services.
@_date: 2014-11-02 00:39:38
I have saved emails from tip4commit. Their text, at least at the time of sending, was, at a glance, easy to confuse for something representing the project. Additionally it bore many hallmarks of phishing and other scams -- invoking the name of familiar products/services and insisting I was to be given money, if only I would go sign in and claim it.
It is very much a not-OK thing, and frankly I don't care if you think it's legal; I care that it comes off on first impression as incredibly shady and not ethically above-board, and the repeated stonewalling encountered even by individuals who just want to be left the hell alone by tip4commit does not improve upon that impression or inspire me to believe they have users' interests at heart.
@_date: 2014-11-01 18:05:11
I am someone who has filed a request to be removed, as an individual, from tip4commit's "service". I would do this no matter what form the "tips" took -- whether it were BTC, USD, EUR, or magic beans -- because tip4commit adds people and projects to their listings/service without notification or consent, then collects donations on their behalf whether those people/projects want it or not (plenty of people and projects already have our own donation/tip frameworks set up, thanks), and has consistently refused to provide any way to opt out once added.
The best result would be for tip4commit to respect the wishes of Armin, myself and others who've requested the ability to permanently opt out of this "service", and then reboot it on an explicit-opt-in basis.