@_author: ueffes
@_date: 2016-01-08 14:48:37
Some people argue that bitcoins lack of inflation was a bad thing because their keynesian theories tell them "you need to stimulate economy", "people will hoard their money" etc.
This is interesting because their altcoin failing proves it wrong.
To me these keynesian inflation/deflation theories are actually just rationalizations of the scam that fiat money is, and because it sucks so much they have to force people to use it. If you want an inflation altcoin, you have to think about ways to force people to use it too.
@_date: 2016-01-19 11:41:53
A blockchain increase cant push the confirmation delay below 10 minutes though. Paypal will allways be faster than the blockchain and blockchain transactions will never be instant. 
There is allways trust involved in 0-confirmation transactions. 
You can either trust the payer, or you can trust a third party like greenbits, coinbase, bitpay. At which point you are no longer "your own bank". 
Or in the case of paying at starbucks with foldapp its actually you trusting foldapp too send you back the change.
But its not a big problem because instant payments are only needed for small amounts of money. If you are buying a car or a house with bitcoin im sure both parties will agree on a high priority transaction fee and can wait 10 minutes for confirmation. 
@_date: 2016-01-19 09:00:29
How are you going to finance bitcoin without fees?
Right now bitcoin basically subsidizes transaction fees through devaluating the bitcoins already in existance aka inflation.
There still can be instant free payments even without lightning. 
For example payments within coinbase are instant and free. also if companies like coinbase and bitpay would work together they could develop a standard for free and instant transactions between each other, that can then be settled on the blockchain later on.
Centralized services will allways be more efficient then decentralized. (thats the joke about "private blockchains" btw). But if the centralization takes place in services on top of the blockchain then at least you still can be your own bank and keep the bitcoins that you dont need instant free transactions for in the near future on your own wallet on a blockchain that is decentralized and secure.
The payments that require instant verifications are small payments anyway, so centralization wouldnt matter. If coinbase would deny access to your 20$ online wallet, who cares. 
@_date: 2016-01-11 08:51:54
If you want to use a credit card
@_date: 2016-01-19 10:28:18




Even if 100% of the mining power would be in the hands of a single person, the only reason for concern would be that that person could either be incompetent or could willingly harm bitcoin (because he is bribed or threatened for example).
But if he truly would maximize his profits the only way to do it would be one that benefits bitcoin and its users. Thats because bitcoin itself is never a monopoly, theres allways hundreds of altcoins and unlike with fiat currency, no one is forced to use cryptocurrencies. 
@_date: 2016-01-19 00:53:30
A fork would end in a giant crash.
1. The market cap of both altcoins cant double over night. Therefore they collectively would have to drop in value by 50% per coin instantly. 
2. 2 altcoins with two userbases dont have the same network effect that 1 coin with 1 userbases has. This means both coins combined shouldnt have the same value as bitcoin. Therefore the collective drop in value per coin should be more than 50%.
3. Because of the network effect, over time one coin should push aside the other. We see that with litecoin. 
The reason why litecoin doesnt have as many users as bitcoin is mainly that bitcoin has more users. 
People would be uncertain which side of the fork will be dominant, therefore the safest thing to do would be to sell all coins on both sides of the fork and wait until you can see a trend.
4. That drop or the anticipation of that drop would cause even more panic selling. 
@_date: 2016-01-11 09:31:34




This kind of faulty bitcoin criticism allways drives me more toward bitcoin. Isnt there any real criticism?
Heres what my points would be:
1 Mining centralization
2 at some point transaction fees will have to rise
3 being an open source project, enemies of bitcoin will try to infiltrate and destroy it from within.
4 quantum computers?
@_date: 2016-02-06 11:37:35
This only makes the Bitcoin harder.
@_date: 2016-02-03 08:34:22
Maybe they do it like Cyberghost.
They has a completely separate Bitcoin Checkout where you allways pay the full price.
And then they have special offers that you can only pay with the "normal" checkout that doesnt include bitcoin.
