@_author: ufhd
@_date: 2017-02-22 03:43:26
I don’t see it as pessimism really. At the end of the day bitcoin is a product. Products succeed when they’re easy to adopt and thus achieve mass appeal. Bitcoin is not easy to adopt, in fact it is so difficult and risky to use that there’s a proliferation of services that’ll let you buy bitcoin or accept bitcoin payments more easily in exchange for a fee. That’s not good advertising for a product marketed as getting around organisations that facilitate your financial transactions in exchange for a fee.
Anyway if you accept that bitcoin is a product and products get accepted more easily if they’re easy to use, easy to understand, and trustworthy… then it’s not a big leap to accept that there’s rather a lot of entities far more capable of launching a product that does everything bitcoin does in a much more user friendly way.
And the final problem is trust. Money is important. For the average Joe money means security, it’s their income, their livelihood you’re talking about. Whoever is going to manage their financial transactions needs trust. They don’t have to be liked, few people love their bank. But they do need to be trusted to the point where the user feels he won’t be screwed any more than he contractually agreed to.
I don’t think any government, corporation or organisation in the world is going to endorse bitcoin over developing their own controlled digital currency.
In order to gain mass appeal Bitcoin is betting on the world getting ruined in such a specific way that there’s nobody left to offer a better alternative while simultaneously leaving all the infrastructure and permission in place for bitcoin to fill the void. That’s a very bizarre scenario.
@_date: 2017-02-22 03:43:12
Let's take the litecoin blockchain as comparison.
    It exists for several years already, people tried to hack it, but no one succeeded
Litecoin has existed for years, and has survived any attempted 'hacks'.
    established itself as a solution to distributed consensus problem
Again, litecoin is a solution to the distributed consensus problem. Albeit, in almost the identical way Bitcoin is a solution, it is a solution nonetheless.
    Bitcoin is the only blockchain technology in the world that has widespread adoption
Bitcoin by far has the most widespread adoption, as it is far more popular than litecoin. However, I would argue bitcoin's and litecoin's popularity are closer to each other than say bitcoin and any other settlement/payment system. Keep in mind bitcoin is very much not a mainstream technology in terms of actual use. It is in the popular lexicon however.
In terms of adoption rates then, clearly Bitcoin is more successful. If the article defines successful as merely 'the most widely adopted', then sure bitcoin is the only successful blockchain tech. But if that were the case then the article would have said 'most widely adopted'. As it stands, litecoin has widespread adoption (though less so bitcoin), has existed for several years, withstood 'hacking' attempts, and provides a solution to the distributed consensus problem. So yeah, litecoin is an instance of a successful blockchain technology other than bitcoin. 
@_date: 2017-02-22 03:43:46
If you think bitcoin the goal of bitcoin is just to be 'as easy to use as a bank card' then you have missed the whole point. It's supposed to be a new form of money that will replace the current system. For that to actually happen there has to come a point where there will be a complete breakdown in people's trust in government. It won't happen in the USA first. But you can already see this happening in many countries around the world--eg. Venezuela, Egypt, Turkey, China. Europe will be next.
It won't happen quickly either--maybe it will take more than 25 years...but it will happen eventually. It has to. It's the natural result of governments printing a ton of worthless fiat. The average life of a fiat currency is about 50 years or so--but they all have to die eventually.
@_date: 2017-02-22 03:42:57
Scandinavian courts are not like those in the US cough or elsewhere. In Scandinavia, only top political enemies get the full Kafka treatment (Assange, Gottfrid) and there is No corruption (officially). So likely they have another solution. Forensics resellers never want to discuss their software with outsiders. Likely similar to KYC/AML, I could tell you but I'd have to shoot you (or all the criminals who could learn about it from you).
Quick guess; Danish police bought a "native™" Windows app (web-API-based) that only runs with a proper law enforcement license, that is locked to their local network, and the (webapp) gives empty page responses if you're not having the proper private key (ehm license) to use it. Since it's illegal to steal the licence, only Police can use the software, and the software author can therefore go under oath and say that they only deliver info (snooped/stolen) from various darknet forums and super secret block explorers. Throw in an automated form to request subscriber details based on an IP and timestamp, and they've basically made the 4 officers working on crypto-related crime be able to go home at 1pm daily (i.e. very efficient tool to create the reports, with someone else under oath that the data is correct, so the officers can hopefully stay out of the courtroom). The software author oath can in most cases probably be replayed from video.
