@_author: ufmace
@_date: 2014-07-14 01:19:35
To be a little more helpful, what might actually be interesting would be to know more about what he does with the bitcoin once he gets it. Are there local merchants who will accept bitcoin payments for the stuff that he needs? Is there an exchange that works smoothly for getting local fiat to a bank account for him? A decent localbitcoin community or something like that? Or does he just hold it, in hopes that it will increase in value some more, implying that his taxi business is successful enough that he can afford to take something he can't convert to real goods easily for an hour+ trip?
@_date: 2014-01-13 04:35:22
That's a drag all right. But I recommend against using a paper wallet. I'm using a plain old Bitcoin-QT wallet on Windows 7, and have been for most of a year. Nothing's happened to my wallet so far. Getting security right with it just isn't that hard.
Think of it this way - you messed up keeping a Windows wallet secure. So in response to that, you're going to switch to a far more complex and error-prone system? I'm not saying this to knock on you - you're probably smarter then me. I am saying that it's part of human nature to screw things up. It's better to recognize that and make sure that the important stuff has safeguards against our own inevitable screw-ups. Make a couple of principles, and stick to them. If you're gonna switch, switch to something harder to screw up, like the blockchain web wallet.
Use a password manager to keep unique passwords for every site you use. And I do like the cloud for most things, but if there's one file in the world that should never, ever go on a cloud, it's your bitcoin wallet. I don't know how the dropbox client works, but I use Google Drive, and it only backs up files you put in a special folder it creates. So, don't put your wallet in that folder.
Backups and copies of your wallet before you encrypted it are a trickier issue. If you created a wallet in the early days and didn't bother encrypting it, be careful to purge any insecure backups that might contain the unencrypted wallet. If it was ever copied to any cloud service, you might as well just make a new wallet, and send the bitcoins to it.
@_date: 2014-03-23 23:17:01
None of the jobs that I've had like that were with temp agencies, they were all normal jobs at small businesses (&lt;100 people), and the interview and hiring process worked exactly like it did at any other business.
You can find a bunch of websites for companies that do this by googling payroll services, but I suppose you'd have to call them up to get the details of how their arrangements work.
@_date: 2014-06-08 18:45:46
I think that a lot of them are too obsessed with security and are messing around with things they don't really understand well because they aren't as smart as they think they are. I know tech and encryption decently well, but I use BitcoinCore and now Multibit instead on an ordinary Windows PC, and nothing's ever happened to my coins.
I've gotten flack on here for recommending against using advanced stuff like paper wallets, doing bitcoin work on LiveCDs, creating your own transactions, etc and prefer good web-wallets instead. In theory, that stuff is more secure, but one screw-up can render your coins unspendable, or get them stolen. People who think they're smart, and want others to think they're smart, get into a bunch of fancy stuff, even when it isn't justified, and often end up screwing it up. People who are really smart know their limitations, and stick to simple solutions for important things until they have a good reason not to.
@_date: 2014-07-13 16:54:31
Even if it's true, the story is basically that one guy in a country uses Bitcoin. Whoop-tee-doo.
@_date: 2014-03-22 16:43:52
A lot of smaller companies in the US use payroll/HR services companies. All of their employees are technically employed by the payroll company and contracted out to the actual company, for legal purposes, at least. AFAIK, these companies handle all of the legalities of payroll, tax withholding, 401k, etc, and allow negotiation on the behalf of a larger group for health insurance and other such benefits. As an employer, you sign up for one, tell them to hire on the people you hire and how much to pay them, and pay the company in bulk for all of their wages.
Such a company would be a good point in the system to support paying in Bitcoin - they could offer partial Bitcoin payroll services to lots of companies without doing anything special. To close the loop, they could allow the employer to pay them in bitcoins, or tell the employer how much they're paying out to employees in Bitcoins and allow the employer to send those bitcoins directly instead of having the service company convert back and forth.
So if you accepted payments using Bitpay or something like that and paid your employees through such a company, it would be essentially the flip of a switch to send bitcoins from purchases straight through to payroll with no exchanges, thus saving money spent on exchange fees. And incidentally, making probably more than half of your budget all Bitcoin.
I wonder if anybody with experience in the industry would be interested in starting such a payroll company. 
@_date: 2014-07-13 17:03:01
I have a better idea - why don't you just give the money to me instead? You're gonna lose it all either way, but my way, you don't have to actually do the work of trying to set up a restaurant.
@_date: 2014-12-30 18:09:54
Pretty good, I've thought for a while that we need something more detailed and flexible than just saying 6 confirmations for all transactions, no matter what. We should figure out some way to have more detailed best-practices so that smaller merchants can figure out what is safe to do.
The amounts being based on USD value is not very future-proof. It should be based on the BTC value of the current mining reward plus average transaction fee total per block. The background being that if you have enough mining power to be able to do double-spends, you'd do something much more lucrative than try to double-spend this tiny transaction.
Compute that, take like 1% or 5% or something, and convert to local currency if needed for the value where it's considered safe to fulfill the transaction after 0-confirms.
I'd also require an extra confirm for anything that is fulfilled online, like web services, VPN time, prepaid phone minutes, etc. If you're shipping it, you have plenty of time to wait for 6+ confirmations before you're ready to actually ship the item. If you're doing the transaction in person, then it's going to be harder to coordinate the timing for any kind of attack scenario. But with purchases fulfilled online, it's much easier to control the exact timing for multiple transactions, so I think it calls for an extra confirmation.
I'm sure we can think of a few other scenarios that justify increasing or decreasing the confirmation requirement.
It's kind of interesting that most 6 figure USD value transactions in conventional currency require enough time-consuming layers of security and escrow as to give plenty of time for Bitcoin confirmations. Possibly in the future, the security of Bitcoin may allow some of these types of transactions to complete faster, even when waiting for 6 or more confirms.
@_date: 2014-06-04 03:00:07
Personally, I think it would be cool, and I'd be more likely to donate to somebody who accepted Bitcoin. I suspect most of the people on this board will too.
But then, this is politics, ultimately. The practicality of it depends on what level your candidate is at, what his party/platform is like, what his opposition is like, both within his party and in the general political environment. If your candidate faces serious and well-funded opposition at any level, then any prominent position in favor of Bitcoin may get him attacked for it.
Unfortunately, there is still a lot of ignorance out there about Bitcoin. You can fight it, but as a political campaign, it will cost you political capital to do so. I would be a little surprised if any candidate that didn't have his seat basically locked down tight would risk it.
Basically, I think it's a good idea, but I wouldn't push too hard for it. In addition to the risks, I don't think a politician taking a strong pro-bitcoin position helps us that much. Given the Bitcoin community's limited resources, I think it would be better spent getting as many mainstream businesses as possible to accept it, and pushing it in places where Bitcoin's unique capabilities can make a real difference.
@_date: 2014-03-23 17:44:09
Yes. Last agreement for one that I actually read had language saying that the job at company A, where I was actually working, was a contracting assignment from the payroll company, company B, and that it company A fired me, I should contact company B about finding my next assignment.
Obviously, this never actually happens. I bet if you ever tried to actually call company B to find your next assignment, nobody there would have any idea what was going on. You are still actually hired, fired, and have your pay set by company A, and all of that is just for legal/tax purposes.
@_date: 2014-04-22 03:49:34
The question that really illustrates the issues to me is exactly how much money you were thinking about paying. If we have people representing companies with legitimate business needs on one side, and skilled, experienced, professional coders on the other, then appropriate prices may go well into the thousands of dollars. Though in that case, the problems and solutions start getting kinda big for the StackOverflow format, and belong more somewhere dedicated to short-term freelance work.
Or were you thinking more on the order of tens of dollars equivalent? If we go that direction, then what kind of work are the type of people capable of answering hard questions willing to do for tens of dollars? And who has a real need for an answer, but is only willing to spend tens of dollars?
@_date: 2013-06-15 19:37:27
Found it! 
@_date: 2013-03-16 20:28:27
I wouldn't think there's any tax implications if you do the immediate cashout... As far as the IRS or anybody else can tell, you took cash for your services. They don't care if the customers use cash, Visa, checks, or anything else as long as you can document a specific amount of money paid, right?
Now if you were accepting bitcoins directly and paying your suppliers with them, I wouldn't want to think about the tax/accounting implications of that...
@_date: 2013-04-14 18:15:43
Why AMA? He already did one, and we only have one question/request - start accepting Bitcoin and use it to produce whatever your customers will pay for instead of only what the CC companies will allow.
It'd probably be even more effective if someone like queensnake below had hard data that she created a Bitcoin-only site, sold whatever content she wanted, and made a specific amount of money from it.
@_date: 2013-05-14 20:05:18
Me. I was thinking of posting about this actually. My OS is Windows 7, mostly kept up to date, running Defender and Windows Firewall, behind a NAT router. Browsing mostly with Chrome, occasionally Firefox, IE for nothing but work sites. All bitcoins stored under bitcoin-qt, running continuously. Security precautions include the wallet being encrypted with a strong password stored in my password manager, and so not typed. My computer is backed up onto a second hard drive automatically, which gets the wallet too. I also have a backup of the wallet on a USB drive along with the password written out. That's about it, and no malware or hacks so far. I also use 2-factor on all exchanges, but then I don't keep any money in them longer than I have to anyways.
It does sometimes seem like we have more newbies losing bitcoins by using advanced security techniques that they don't really understand properly than by getting hacked because they didn't have enough security.
@_date: 2013-04-10 02:39:55
Fund a first-class brain-dead simple to install Point Of Sale system for brick and mortar stores to accept bitcoin. I looked around a week or so ago, and couldn't find anything like that. I have a few ideas for how it should work. I'd like to see or help make something where I can tell a business owner something like:
Me: You should accept bitcoins because of X, Y, and Z.
Ownwer: Sounds interesting, how do I do that?
Me: Get a POS system from company X. Your current staff can accept bitcoin payments as easily as they accept credit cards now, but with a fraction of the transaction fees, zero chargebacks, and zero card processor BS.
@_date: 2013-12-03 03:29:20
The food was good enough, at least, though I wouldn't bother going across town for it. CoinMap lists a few places in Brooklyn, but I only had a day in town to try buying food with Bitcoin, and I didn't have time to head out that way.
@_date: 2013-04-14 19:02:00
Cool, good to hear that Bitcoins are helping somebody grow their business in ways that they couldn't before. I hope you can give us a follow up when you launch the site and how well it does.
@_date: 2013-04-03 03:45:43
10k USD may be a bit on the low side for Bitfloor, but it looks like, for the moment, there are enough asks to handle it at the same price at Mt. Gox. Still, I'd look closely at their market depth before making the buy. And if you don't know what their market depth is or how to find it, then I suggest you learn about that before putting that kind of money into it.
@_date: 2013-04-03 02:54:59
Why shouldn't they? All they have to do is add it to their payment forms, and either start accepting it themselves, or integrate with Bitpay or something. If they use Bitpay for now, assume 1 engineer-week to do it. If they get 10-20k extra business from it, then it pays for itself, and everything after that is gravy. Plus the no chargebacks or fees benefit probably helps a bit.
@_date: 2013-03-22 19:15:00
There was a guy on Bitcointalk newbie forum who created a wallet on Blockchain, but apparently the private key generated in his browser never synchronized to the server. He sent some bitcoins to it, and was never able to retrieve them. I couldn't find the thread in a few minutes of searching, but it should still be there.
Backups of your wallet are a very good idea for security from crashes, but the cold storage thing is about security from theft. Creating a wallet on a Linux LiveCD that isn't on the network, storing it only on a freshly formatted USB drive that is never connected to any other computer, and sending most of your bitcoins to that wallet is about as hack-resistant as it gets right now.
@_date: 2013-04-04 19:09:41
Interesting... I am a landlord and could theoretically accept bitcoins from my tenants. The main barriers are that my current tenants almost certainly have no idea what Bitcoin is and no saved bitcoins, and I'd have to convert most of them back to fiat immediately to pay the mortgage on the property. 
@_date: 2013-04-03 03:03:00
I did it, and they never asked for a name or any ID. I suppose the only evidence they have that I was there at all was the video cameras and any fingerprints I left around.
@_date: 2013-04-13 16:02:50
No, all of the nodes would have to update also to accept the blocks awarding miners a different amount of coins.
But why bother with that anyways? The mining reward controls the inflation of the currency. If you up all of the rewards 10x across the board, then all you accomplish is inflating the currency by 10x and thus probably dividing the exchange rate to any other currency by 10. Miners would be in the same boat they are now, but everyone who holds coins, i.e. everybody running the nodes that have to be updated, would see the value of their holdings plummet.
@_date: 2013-04-04 22:46:44
I'm not really worried about the converting to Fiat part... I don't see any advantage in going through a processor for an ongoing relationship with a single person, and any exchange could handle the sales and account transfer part easily enough. It does make the deal more hassle and less lucrative, though. The biggest advantage there is that I could save the part that goes to property tax as bitcoin until it's time to pay that, then convert it, and hopefully have made some profit on it in that time. And I'm not sure what my accountant would make of the tax implications of it.
I'd only do it, though, if a tenant came to me about it, or answered an ad for a new tenant in a bitcoin-related forum. I can just see telling somebody who is not a tech person and has never heard of Bitcoin about this... "Sure, you set up an account with one of these exchanges, then wire money from your bank account to it, handle your bank asking you if you're sure you know what you're doing, convert to bitcoin at the market rate, send the equivalent of X USD in Bitcoin at that day's exchange rate to this address (long string)... yes, this is definitely easier than just having your bank mail me a check". And we all know that there are a lot of potential pitfalls and ways to lose your money in those steps, and I'd get the blame for it. Basically, they have to be interested in Bitcoin on their own, because I'm not taking the responsibility for teaching them how to use it and making sure they use it securely, or the blame if they lose the bitcoins because some website offering free ringtones put malware on their computer.
@_date: 2013-04-03 03:55:00
Yeah... trouble is, we don't have an easy protocol to do such refunds well yet. That proposed Bitcoin transaction protocol would do it, though.
@_date: 2013-04-03 03:00:24
I have. I transferred from Chase. They did give me a little trouble as far as suspending my online account, but I called them up the next day to ask about it, confirmed that I really wanted to do that, and they re-enabled it and had the wire transfer recipient approved a few hours later. I ordered the transfer, and it was in Bitfloor the next morning.
Banks seem to think that wire transfers to accounts that you don't personally control are dicey. Can't blame them too much, since I bet they get a lot more fraud attempts from that then bitcoin buys for now. But if you stick with it, you can get it set up, and then send money to the exchange from your desk.
@_date: 2013-04-10 03:56:43
That site sends your "brainwallet" password to their server, generates the key there, and returns it to you, doing God only knows what to it on the way. Looks fish as hell. I'd bet that either the original owner saved the keys somewhere and tries to cash them out every now and then, or somebody hacked the website at some point and stole the keys, or rigged it to hold keys a while ago and steals them again occasionally. I wouldn't be surprised if the security there is lousy enough that it's impossible to tell if it's ever been hacked at all, much less when and by who.
A brainwallet is pretty high-degree paranoia IMHO. I'd say that it's nuts to use a website to generate one. If you're gonna be that paranoid, okay, but be consistent about it - generate it manually on a Linux live-cd or clean install that's never been on the net. If you don't know how to do it manually, then don't mess with brainwallets until you've figured it out.
@_date: 2013-03-30 18:56:18
Meh, 90% of all comments on every news site/blog are stupid. The only thing that changes is the direction of the stupid. I think the biblical prophecy one is a joke, though.
@_date: 2013-03-31 17:37:40
Can't be done with brain wallets. The private key is just a hash of a password that only you know, and is not stored anywhere. There is no other service to authenticate anything with, nobody to do any other type of authentication with.
@_date: 2013-03-22 19:25:18
There's a lot of guys in Iran's Nataz enrichment plant who thought they were invulnerable too, and they learned different. If your security is really tight, it may take spies and custom malware with multiple zero-day exploits to do the job, but if somebody with the resources to do that wants you, then it'll be done.
If you really believe that you can't be hacked, then post your primary IP address, email address, and your bitcoin address with the highest balance here.
@_date: 2013-03-29 23:31:29
You don't have to argue against me - I'm completely for drugs being that legal. The trouble is that something like 90% of America (and probably most other countries in the world) isn't. Getting MJ decriminalized for personal use was a huge step here, and has only happened in a couple of states. We're going to have to go a lot further than that before we can make a strong case for getting the Government out of banking. I'd like to see it happen tomorrow, but I'm not holding my breath for even nationwide MJ decriminalization. 
@_date: 2013-03-22 00:26:59
There's a couple of ways you can get screwed up in Bitcoin. If your "wallet", meaning the private keys to the address you are storing bitcoins at, is with a third-party provider, then somebody who hacks that website could steal your bitcoins, or you could lose access to it by forgetting the password or something, leaving your bitcoins gone for good.
Blockchain is a little better than most, because they store only the encrypted key and only decrypt it in your browser with JavaScript. This makes it harder for a hacker to steal it, but it also means that it's possible to screw up and leave your bitcoins lost (it happened to some guy on bitcointalk a few weeks ago).
You could also store the wallet only on your computer, meaning that you are solely responsible for the security of it. You aren't vulnerable to the compromise of any website, but if anyone hacks your computer or gets the right kind of malware on it, then they can steal your bitcoins. Or if your hard drive crashes and you don't have backups, then you could lose your private key, rendering your bitcoins forever unspendable and lost.
Keep in mind that if anybody wants to hack your computer badly enough, they will, no matter what OS you are using. Be careful about posting about having large amounts of money in Bitcoin in any way that you, your computer, or your Bitcoin addresses could be identified. The liberty of Bitcoin cuts two ways - if they are lost or stolen, then they're gone for good, and nobody can help you.
@_date: 2013-04-08 03:22:55
It's been my policy for a while to never click on any link in an email, no matter who you think it's from. It keeps you safe and is easy for new users to understand. Should maybe be expanded to all forms of chat too.
@_date: 2013-04-13 22:44:35
Pretty interesting... he specifically mentions in his AMA that the CC/Bank's standards limit what he can do. And it looks like their site already sells "kinks" virtual currency that you use to buy their videos and whatnot. Seems like it'd be easy to also sell Kinks for Bitcoins.
@_date: 2013-04-08 19:42:19
As long as he knows the risks and can afford to lose the money, it's fine. There's a lot of speculation about what BTC will do, but in the end, nobody knows. At the end of 2013, it could easily be worth $1k per BTC, or 10 cents. 
@_date: 2013-03-22 20:01:36
It's linked to your Bitfloor account by the exact amount of the fee. When you create a marked deposit request, Localtill adds a fee of up to like $2, but the exact amount is random. The fee both pays for their part of it and the exact amount marks the deposit as yours.
It seems to get into your Bitfloor account in a matter of seconds. When I did it, I got the email that it was in my account as I was walking out the door of the bank.
@_date: 2013-04-10 21:21:58
Since when has that ever stopped anybody?
@_date: 2013-04-03 19:23:43
They probably could, but it wouldn't do any good without a phone app or other device that can send those transactions.
@_date: 2013-03-27 03:30:14
The idea that the Silk Road server would have a real, publicly-accessible IP address is a little odd... have you tried to contact the server by this IP address that you have and confirmed it's their server and that it's located in a reasonable place?
If I were DPR, I would set up the server on a private subnet and configure the apparent IP address of the server to be either something funny but obviously wrong, or plausible but very far away from where the server is really located, and hopefully difficult to investigate.
@_date: 2013-03-31 18:14:00
For retail purchases of modest value, just the transaction coming in over the bitcoin network is considered enough verification. That confirms that the sender has bitcoins and has the right to spend them, e.g. has the private key. The only real attack you can pull off then is an attempted double-spend, which is difficult enough to pull off, even at that stage, that nobody would bother for the cost of a cup of coffee or a burger.
@_date: 2013-12-16 03:28:19
That's the downside to stuff like Brainwallets. I bet that over 90% of the people who have them are far, far more likely to lose their bitcoins through making a mistake in handling transactions than to lose bitcoins stored in an ordinary wallet to hackers.
@_date: 2013-12-02 17:39:41
When did you last go? I'm sitting there now, and the waiter just told me that they don't accept them anymore. 
@_date: 2013-04-04 02:05:45
I wonder why it seems to have all of the separate 2k BTC transfers out of the same address...
@_date: 2013-04-12 20:18:40
There is no "overall" exchange rate between BTC and USD. Only exchanges have a meaningful exchange rate. They'd have to either quote a specific exchange, or make up their own rate that was some sort of composite of multiple exchanges. At least this way, we know exactly where their rate is coming from.
@_date: 2013-03-30 19:13:29
Most of the listed threats don't seem too realistic, at least not at this stage. I think the biggest issue at this stage is the security problem. Bitcoin security is hard enough that lots of people who are in the business of dealing with bitcoins have lost money from their bad security. It's only going to get worse, as Bitcoin monetizes hacking in a way that nothing else to date has. Meanwhile, the mainstream public is never going to be able to do stuff like set up linux cold wallets, etc.
I'm not entirely sure what the best way to counter this is, but we need some better solutions to get really widespread acceptance. Probably most average people should be using hosted wallets, since the host site's security may not be perfect, but is sure to be better than their own computers. On the other hand, this makes host sites a huge, juicy target.
Maybe dedicated hardware wallets are what we really need, though they'd need their own net connection. This suggests using phones as people's primary wallets, though I don't think phones will be secure enough. I think we'd need something that cannot do anything but be a bitcoin wallet, so no software that might potentially compromise it could get onto it.
@_date: 2013-04-03 03:19:08
Seems unlikely... to reliably double-spend, even at zero confirms, you'd have to do the first spend, and then release a custom mined block to the network afterwards containing a spend transaction to a different address, and do it after the most recent block at the time of the first spend but before a new "legit" block was released onto the network with the first transaction. So you'd have to start mining the new block after the last block before your first spend was released, and solve it before the rest of the mining network finished a block. Hope you have really good timing for exactly when you buy that coffee.
Even if you had hash power equal to the entire current Bitcoin mining network behind you, it'd still only be 50-50 that it would work. And if you had that kind of hash power, you could make almost $200k USD a day, every day, just doing honest mining, so why bother trying to steal a $5 cup of coffee?
@_date: 2013-03-17 00:15:59
Your plan sounds awfully vauge so far... A few things you ought to think about, if you haven't already:
You say you want to take credit cards. What do you know about PCI security standards? If you want to have credit card numbers touch any part of your service or hardware, you better have a plan for how to comply with them.
Bitcoin security isn't currently regulated, but there have been a number of high-profile hacks of exchanges. How do you plan to address that security problem? Is there any internet security expertise on board? Plans for some kind of insurance?
You have some more established competitors in the market you intend to enter - both payment gateways and exchanges. How will you make your service more compelling than theirs? 
@_date: 2013-04-03 19:25:30
They need an address to send your coins back to. It's certainly doable at some point, but we don't have any easy way to provide that now.
@_date: 2013-04-07 17:51:58
It's already been established that you can refer to them with standard Metric sub-units, where 1000 mBTC = 1 BTC. There's no need for an official turnover, but I think people and stores will start to refer to prices in mBTC more if the prices keep going higher and stay high.
@_date: 2013-03-29 01:01:32
Being a bit of a devil's advocate...
They make it hard for good reasons. First is scams and hacks. At this stage, I bet there are more people trying to send money to fake Nigerian princes than buying bitcoins. Or at least, most banks have seen that and heard of it 10x more often than anything involving bitcoins. The behavior pattern of customers suddenly trying to do wire transfers to offshore banks is probably much more common among people who have fallen victim to scams, or people whose accounts have been hacked.
Bitcoin hasn't seen much trouble from this yet, because it's mostly savvy people getting involved in it. But if it ever gets as big as we'd like it to be, there will be clueless people using it, and they will need these same kinds of protections to avoid losing all of their bitcoins.
Then there's the drug money problem. Do you want drugs to be illegal or not? I'm not talking about maybe decriminalizing possession of small amounts of weed, I'm talking fully legal, taxed shipments of cocaine, heroin, LSD, MDMA, etc by the ton. If you don't want drugs to be that legal, then this is what it takes. The Government will have to keep tabs on large amounts of money moving around, and that will bring around the types of regulations that we've seen. Maybe you are okay with drugs being that legal, but unless you live in some kind of Libertarian compound, probably 90% of the people you know aren't.
