@_author: ughdf
@_date: 2019-03-30 03:20:00
North Korea stocks Bitcoin already.
@_date: 2017-04-06 12:47:09
I've already sold [18.79 BTC]( and got [$24K]( for them at Xtrade China, while I rebought them for $20K from Bitfinex.
*Note - There is also btc/usd option beside the btc/cny. The max we can trade at xtrade china is 20 btc per client.
@_date: 2017-04-06 12:47:03
The current margin between Bitfinex and Xtrade China is around $200.
The average trading rate at [Bitfinex]( is 1170 USD, while at [Xtrade China]( - 9900 CNY (1400 USD). 
@_date: 2017-04-06 12:36:32
What he did is certainly immoral and I support the suggested change to stop covert usage of this, since it is a design bug rather than an improvement in circuit design. I am fully against BU, and would love to see Jihan exit the community. But the idea that it is as bad as what gox/karpeles did seems absurd.
He developed efficient technology in the same way Steve Jobs developed the iphone. As far as I can tell Timo Hanke / Sergio Lerner never produced any chips, only described the process and Jihan is the first person to develop a real world implantation. (Whether or not he should have been granted the chinese patent is another question entirely)
Maybe there is a gap in my understanding so feel free to correct me, but I don't see how a more efficient standard chip design is less of a secret unbalancing than this implementation of asicboost, other than asicboost being a bigger leap forward. Is there any harm to the PoW / block creation if every miner was using asicboost exploiting chips? If not then surely the development of the first asic's vs gfx card mining would be a bigger harm to bitcoin, since it gave the asic holders a massive advantage in efficiency?
@_date: 2017-04-06 12:27:05
There are two ways of exploiting the vulnerability, which I call the overt and the cover method.
The overt method is trivial to detect, trivial to block, and not currently in use. (It would result in blocks having a few random bits in their version field.) The overt method is what most people understand ASICBOOST to be-- which is part of the reason people hadn't been worrying about it.
The covert method is hard to detect and cannot be detected on a block by block basis. It can show up as an increased number of empty blocks, strange ordering of transactions in blocks, or never-seen-before transactions showing up in blocks. All of these things can happen naturally without making use of the attack.
The proposal interferes with the covert method by eliminating a sqrt speedup in the algorithm for blocks that contain transactions. Importantly, with this proposal in place implementation of protocol enhancements (like segwit) wouldn't hurt covert boosting any further-- so there would be no more conflict of interest between the enhancements and ASICBOOST.
I offered it in part because other people who know about this concern have been wanting to take more extreme measures (like changing POW or blocking ASICBOOST entirely) which I worry would add more drama than a targeted move.
@_date: 2017-04-06 12:16:27
This is huge news. This is an awesome proposal.
Maxwell put two and two together, identified a problem, investigated thoroughly to confirm his suspicions, and then came up with an uncontroversial fix.
Incredible. Truly incredible. This puts so much into perspective it is truly unreal, and I can't believe how elegant and simple of a fix he has proposed along with the revelation.
It also (to me) is good news; it means that not only have we exposed something monumental in terms of the game theory here, but that Bitmain is likely still profit-driven (and not necessarily working to sabotage Bitcoin). To learn that they are just greedy and covert about how they earn their profits is great news.
@_date: 2017-04-06 12:05:56
First of all, amazing work! Thank you for bringing this bombshell to light.
If the only miners that are blocking SegWit are those that are also benefiting from ASICBOOST, wouldn't it be just as difficult to get this new BIP passed?
Would it be easier to first make ASICBOOST available to all miners in order to level the playing field and then get everyone to agree to a "disarmament treaty"? If everyone uses it, then there's no economic advantage, so it would probably be politically easier to get rid of it in a soft-fork. (Couldn't one also argue that the non-free patent created this uneven playing field and started this whole mess in the first place?)
Another option could be to license the optimization with a legally binding condition that SegWit must be signaled.
(This all assumes, of course, that the patent holders would be willing to do this.)
