@_author: ughfdklja
@_date: 2015-02-11 18:13:53
Thank you again for the well thought out response. I'd tend to agree with Gandhi's approach if I believed in reincarnation. If I believed in reincarnation and so did the other moral agent I was speaking with, then I'd have no problem making prescriptive recommendations using consequential ethical systems. However, if a person's convictions tend toward virtues due to having a realist approach of say  divine command theory, then it seems difficult to get consensus on the trial and error approach since judgement day would be required. I hate to drag religion into this, but when you have the previous pope saying islam's issue is the dehellenization, then reason goes out the window. 
I would like to see a more meta approach that indexes the axioms of different religions\people, and then from there work on different experiments that can be tested using the trial and error approach. For the dualist, this would allow them to remain pious throughout the process. But, having closed systems that don't influence each other for these types of test could be difficult. As long as it's voluntary, then I'd be for it. 
@_date: 2015-02-10 06:34:44
Thanks for the reply. I was hoping you would say that or something similar. It was a loaded question, so it was a cheap tactic. Sorry. 
Discovery sounds more like a position in descriptive ethics rather than normative ethics, and I'm in that same boat. We don't have a captain though, so I have no direction other than other people's views.
That said, I'm wondering if you'd be willing to take a position on meta-ethics instead -  . Loaded question of course. 
Edit: To be fair, I lean toward ethical naturalism. Please note that this is due to my metaphysical position which is based on my epistemological leanings. In the face of evidence to the contrary, I'd welcome a change of mind, but that would take the 2nd coming of Jesus and maybe Muhammad along side em. 
@_date: 2015-02-09 11:57:58
Interested third party here: Yes, Stalinism is just as convincing if it weren't for it's consequences. What is your position on normative ethics, or do you prefer not to take one? If so, why? 