@_author: ughhhhh420
@_date: 2015-06-22 08:24:19
The whole point of pirating stuff on the internet is that you don't pay for it.  
@_date: 2015-06-09 23:45:53
Bitcoins can't "catch on" in Venezuela because of the capital controls that exist in the country.  You can't buy bitcoins for bolivars, and there isn't enough foreign currency in the country for people to buy a meaningful amount of bitcoins.
It would be interesting if people did switch to bitcoins for local transactions, but if they did they would be doing so with minute amounts of bitcoins.  
In other words, in order for your moon helmets to get any use someone has to want bitcoins *and also have dollars to buy the bitcoins with*.  Because Venezuelans don't have a meaningful amount of dollars, even if bitcoins completely replaced the Bolivar for local transactions the amount of bitcoins in the country would still be quite small and prices in the country would just adjust for that.  
And if the capital controls go away then, according to the article, so does the demand for bitcoins because it premises the entire bitcoin demand on the current capital controls.
@_date: 2015-06-26 21:07:46
That's not a good comparison because, except in countries with failing economies such as Zimbabwe or Argentina (which the article conveniently uses), local prices don't respond to currency volatility on a timescale that is meaningful to most people.  And, on the timescale that prices do adjust to, currency volatility tends to average out to 6-7% inflation throughout the third world.  That level of inflation is inconsequential to most people.
But, even in failing economies or for those for whom 6-7% inflation ins't manageable bitcoin is still a poor store of value.  The reason for this is that bitcoin isn't actually volatile - rather for the past year and a half bitcoin has been in a stable downward trend, so people who put money into it lose money just by holding the bitcoins rather than their local currency.
But lets assume a best case scenario - that the relatively steady trend in bitcoins for the past 2 months continues indefinitely and bitcoin just sits around $240ish indefinitely.  Well you still lose money.  If you live in a first world nation, you are losing 3% of your value to inflation a year.  If you live in a third world country, you lose an average of 6-7% of your value for the exact same reason.
Obviously in the first world you can't overcome that inflation by holding your cash in a bank because interest rates are effectively 0%.  But you could hold it in a variety of other investments that can safely earn you at least what you lose to inflation.  In the third world local interest rates are typically not 0%, so you don't even have to invest your money to beat bitcoin as an investment.  And again that is in a best case scenario, given its 1.5 year trend you are likely to lose a substantial percentage of your money by investing it in bitcoins.
But lets say that despite all that someone still wants to store their money in a currency that they desire short term stability in (which you would find in an import/export business).  Well they still want to store their money in dollars because in the best case bitcoins are no more stable than dollars, and in the worst case they are either more volatile than dollars *or* more likely to lose value than dollars, take your pick.  
@_date: 2014-02-24 08:20:58
If MtGox is insolvent then he has 0 bitcoins.  It doesn't matter what he bought in at, losing everything you have is always a net loss.
@_date: 2014-11-05 06:46:03
Science based dragon mmo.
@_date: 2014-04-21 09:18:25
Probably never, or at least not more than he's already answered.  
Its pretty likely that MtGox was involved in laundering drug/child porn money and that he/senior staff were aware of it.  In fact, he basically alluded to that in his explanation for why he was refusing to go to the US.    If they were doing that, then its likely that they were keeping the bare minimum of documentation necessary to comply with Japanese law, which could be anywhere from "no documentation whatsoever" to "very minimal documentation".
If they weren't keeping records, then you'll probably never get a very good explanation of what happened.
@_date: 2014-02-24 09:48:04
Hi, I was going to give you generic advise about how bad of an idea this is to begin with.  But after reading your comment its clear you really don't understand how trusts work, and based on the fact that you want to leave an inheritance to your child in the form of btc I have further reason to doubt you have a good grasp on investing or money in general.
Now, I should begin this by saying that if you don't want to pay for a trust, chances are you don't have that much money to begin with, since the cost of a trust is usually minimal in comparison to the amount of money in an inheritance, at least if you are a member of the American middle class or better.  If this inheritance is only involving a few thousand bucks, then I guess the rest of this doesn't apply, but if you're dividing this into 12 chunks to be slowly dispersed to the heir then my guess is that this is not the case and you may just not understand how much this costs.
As far as trusts go, it doesn't matter what you put in the trust - there's no such thing as "legal standing" for assets in a trust.  You could literally take a crap in a shoe box, and as long as someone agreed to hold that in trust for you, your heir would have recourse against the trustee if the trustee stole it/threw it out/whatever.  
You also wouldn't make the trustee someone unreliable.  Typically a trustee is going to be a lawyer or bank - ie a trustworthy individual with a large malpractice insurance policy and/or substantial assets.  Again, the cost to use a lawyer or bank as a trustee is usually minimal in comparison to the assets in question.
As far as using bitcoin as the mechanism to transfer your wealth, I really hope you reconsider.  I don't know what the timeline is for the money being released.  If you plan on all of the money being released within a year or two, then whatever, probably not too big of a deal.  Your heir may lose a substantial amount of the value that you've placed in the bitcoins (see the latest 60% drop in value for evidence of what could happen in a year or two), but at least there will probably be *something* there for them to get.
But if you're planning on distributions lasting more than a year or two, keep in mind that bitcoins are right now, at best, an extremely risky investment.  Most people compare them to commodities like gold, but they're far riskier than gold as gold is at least a physical product with actual industrial and commercial uses.  Right now bitcoins are magical internet fun money that are accepted by a handful of mom and pop shops and drug/child porn dealers.  
In addition to bitcoin relying on large scale commercial adoption, which is fairly unlikely, there are potentially unsolvable technical issues that will begin to crop up in 2+ years.  The foremost of these problems is that of transaction costs.  Right now, in order for a transaction to process, it has to be "mined" by miners.  Miners currently do this for low/no transaction costs because it has been profitable to mine.  
However, even assuming a "to the moon" rise in bitcoin price, it will likely be extremely unprofitable to mine them in several years.  Whenever that unprofitable breaking point happens, you'll see fees for processing transactions go up.  There is likely going to hit a point when transaction costs for sending bitcoins make them completely unusable.  Again, this is likely to happen within a few years, and is just one of many problems in the technical implementation of bitcoin that still "need to be solved in the future."
If you leave your kid bitcoins that only become usable in 5 or so years, there is a very good likelihood that what you leave will be nothing.  Even if your kid is supportive of your decision now, they will not be when they realize that all that money they were planning on getting from dad is now gone because dad decided to put all of his money into internet fun bucks for whatever reason it is that you have chosen to do so.  This goes double if they actually are planning on using the money for something important, such as to pay for school, as a down payment on a house, or for a large and unforeseen medical expense that occurs in the future.
I say whatever your reasons, and I mean whatever your reasons.  I suspect you are trying to do this either because you have an ideological reason for doing so, or because you simply don't understand investing/money.  If its the former, if you really cared for whoever you are giving the money to, then you wouldn't gamble with the money because of your ideology - you would put the money somewhere safe so you know that they will get it.  If its the latter, then you should strongly consider talking to a financial planner/lawyer/someone who knows about money so that you can actually know what your options are and make an educated decision on what to do with your money.
@_date: 2014-04-19 05:16:34
Most bitcoin scams don't work by attracting large, sophisticated investors.  Rather, they tend to target the people traditionally targetted by scams: unsophisticated people in the lower middle to middle class who are looking to invest &lt;$15,000 OR who are older and have some amount of money (~100k-250k) in their life savings which they want to be able to retire on but currently can't, prompting them to invest it all in one "safe" but "high return" place.  
Unfortunately, bitcoin has spread into that demographic, which doesn't really understand money and sees bitcoin as a means to keep their money "safe" without understanding any of the risks involved in trading in internet fun money.  This demographic also doesn't have enough money to seek professional advice, or if they do seek such advice they don't have enough dealings with financial professionals to know how important taking said advice is.
You traditionally see these kinds of scams pop up in small social groups, such as church groups, whereby someone "reputable" comes into the group, convinces the group to invest in their great idea, and then runs off with the money. 
All that r/bitcoin is nowadays is a small social group surrogate where a handful of people, living primarily in jurisdictions that don't care and won't prosecute them, preach their scams to unsuspecting people who believe that this subreddit is mainly made up of millionaires who are making 1000% returns on their bitcoins.  They don't understand that this subreddit is just themselves and a few high profile "investors" circle jerking their money away into scam after scam.
@_date: 2014-02-27 05:27:49
Just as a heads up you should really consult with a lawyer before making extremely risky investments in something that may be classified as a banking institution.  There are many jurisdictions in which there IS shareholder liability when a company classified as a "bank" goes bankrupt, which is in contrast to basically any other corporate investment in which there is no shareholder liability.
To put this in perspective for you, if this company goes the way of many other bitcoin companies and gets all of its money stolen because of poor security (or whatever) or the owner decides to up and take the bitcoins and skip town, you *may* be personally liable to cover the entirety of the bank's deposits (along with all of the other shareholders).
@_date: 2014-02-21 10:52:22
Image there was a guy named Josh, who lived in Japan.  Josh sells JoshBucks™ to people all over the world in exchange for dollars.  In the US, he wouldn't be able to do this because its illegal for him do so.  However, in Japan what he's doing in perfectly legal, so long as he doesn't actually steal your money.
Now, because JoshBucks™ don't actually exist, Josh holds onto your Joshbucks™ for you.  Also, because Josh is in Japan, it takes some time for him to wire money to you, and in any event he allows you to maintain cash balances with him as well.
Josh records your JoshBucks™ balance and cash balance in an excel spreadsheet on his computer, and he doesn't keep a backup.  If he's holding a cash balance for you, then he stores that cash under his bed.  Again, he lives in a country where this is legal.
One day, someone breaks into Josh's house and steals his hard drive plus all of the cash he had on hand.  Now Josh has no idea how many JoshBucks™ you have, and he has no cash.  This means that you've lost every single penny that you put into JoshBucks™. 
However, Josh didn't intend to steal your money, and in fact has not stolen your money - someone else did and Josh was just negligent in storing your money so poorly.  In essence, Josh hasn't stopped withdrawals because he's running off with your money, he's stopping them because someone else did and now Josh has no more money to withdraw.  
This means that Josh isn't criminally liable for anything that's happened.  Now, even in Japan Josh is still probably civilly liable for what happened, which means you could theoretically sue him for money.
The problem with suing Josh is that Josh has no money - its all been stolen and he's now bankrupt.  This means that even if you get a judgement against Josh you can't collect anything from him.
This isn't exactly whats happened with Mt. Gox, but its close enough 
@_date: 2014-11-18 13:48:47
Since you used the 2008 financial crisis and tried to compare it to a 51% attack on the bitcoin network here is the difference:
People lost money during the 2008 financial crisis from their investments, ie assets they owned that sometimes appreciate in value and sometimes depreciate in value.  But its not like people had cash in a bank when suddenly the bank vanished, taking all of their money and leaving them with absolutely no recourse (although who knows I'm sure there's some tiny European country where this happened, but for most of the world its not an issue).
However, that is what happens in a 51% attack on the bitcoin network.  Someone just says "lol" and runs off with everyone else's money and there is essentially no way to get it back.  
Furthermore, although bitcoins are "transparent" they are also anonymous.  It doesn't help you very much to know that a 51% attack occurred and all of your money was stolen when you have no idea who stole it from you.  And even assuming that you are *somehow* able to figure out who stole the money, chances are they are living in some horrible country where you will have absolutely no chance of going after them.
Now, this assumes you are view bitcoins as a currency.  There are, obviously, people who view bitcoins as a psuedo commodity to invest in.  The problem with this is that if you treat bitcoins purely as an investment commodity then its little more than a ponzi scheme because outside of their use as a currency they have absolutely no function or purpose.  This contrasts with every other commodity that people invest in in that every other commodity has at least some industrial purpose.
IE, if you look at gold, the price of gold may be lower if people were not investing in gold.  However, gold is still a widely used metal, and so it would have *some* price.  If your position is that bitcoins are not a viable currency, then they have absolutely no use and without people investing in them their price would be 0.  If something's value is zero outside of people pumping money into it as an "investment" then its a scam.
@_date: 2014-02-21 11:20:00
I mean, ultimately you can't without having access to their records.  
However, it doesn't make any sense for the people at MtGox to run off with the money.  By a very conservative estimate they were making millions of dollars every month for practically no effort by just hosting the exchange.  Whatever they would have been able to pull out of it by stealing everyone's bitcoins would be small given that large, low effort income stream and the risk of serious criminal charges if they did steal something.
As for the people calling them a "criminal organization" - most people on reddit (or the internet in general) have absolutely no idea what constitutes a crime.  People think that anytime they lose money a crime has been committed, which is far from true.  In order to commit a crime, the people at MtGox had to either violate some banking regulation in the country they were incorporated in, or had to intend to steal people's money.  There's no evidence they did either.  
The only evidence that exists is that there was a serious flaw in the bitcoin protocol, that MtGox was negligent in storing their bitcoins in a client that was vulnerable to this flaw, and that someone was able to exploit the flaw to steal everything they had.
If someone (or a corporation) causes harm, financial or otherwise, to another individual purely out of negligence, then generally speaking what has occurred isn't a crime, even though the individual harmed may be entitled to a civil remedy.  
@_date: 2014-04-24 04:45:38
No.  Its just a broad federal solicitation for people who believe they have identified a possible threat and solution to the threat in one of hundreds of different subject areas.  Bitcoin being one of them.
Essentially, they're not saying they even care about bitcoins.  What they're saying is "here is a giant list of buzzwords, we're not really sure if any of them poses a threat to/benefits national security but if you can demonstrate to us that one of them does we might throw some money your way."  
But, even if you do get funded, it would be as a federal contractor and for something like bitcoin would probably be extremely minimal.
@_date: 2014-04-18 02:26:14
If you want something to be taken seriously the worst possible way to go about doing that is by associating it with the purchase or sale of narcotics.
@_date: 2014-04-29 13:32:45
This statement:
*Source of Funding  The group members of Sunlot Holdings Limited manage a total of more than USD 1 billion, and have sufficient cash and the means to borrow from disclosed and non-disclosed investment vehicles.*
is why no court will ever accept this as a serious proposal.  It doesn't matter how much money your partners manage at their other jobs, it matters how much money Sunlot has to put into MtGox for the purpose of rehabilitating it.  And, according to that statement, the amount of money currently available to Sunlot is 0.
@_date: 2014-04-28 08:25:18
It has nothing to do with civil forfeiture or his pleading guilty.  
In essence, when the government seizes your property it becomes a bailee and has to take care of the property until you are legally entitled to get it back.  If they can't produce the property at the time that the court orders them to, then they have to pay you its value.  I think that valuation is value at the time of return, but there's all sorts of weird rules for the Federal government so it might use a different calculation.
So, while the government normally just sticks the property in a warehouse/bank account somewhere, it could liquidate the property and just give you cash for it - if it wanted.
Here its undoubtedly easier for whoever was managing the bitcoins to convert them into cash than to hold them as bitcoins, so thats what they opted to do.  This was also almost certainly an open and shut case, so just on a practical level they wouldn't be too concerned about the complications of having to do a valuation on return.
@_date: 2014-02-26 05:07:21
@_date: 2014-04-20 09:57:07
"A dude tried to pay money to have people that he didn't like murdered - but he paid in BITCOIN" - r/bitcoin, 2014 before donating bitcoins to help the dude's defense.
@_date: 2014-04-28 08:05:39
Because the guy was looking at spending the rest of his life in jail, forfeiting all of his actual assets, and having his and his close associate's finances watched until they found the bitcoins.  
Encrypting your bitcoins onto a flash drive and throwing it into the middle of the ocean is a great way to keep the government from getting them.  But the government won't accept a plea deal from you if they know you're hiding $3 million in drug assets from them.  All that hiding your bitcoins does in this case is guarantee that you'll get the maximum sentence.
Because of this, they probably just offered him a plea deal whereby they would drop the majority of what he was charged with if he turned over the bitcoins and he immediately complied.
@_date: 2014-04-19 23:20:03
Except that in this context he isn't trading cash for bitcoins.  He already has a digitized currency in his bank account that he can theoretically spend with a credit card, but for whatever reason that digitized currency is useless to him and he needs cash.
A cash-&gt;bitcoin only atm therefore provides him with absolutely no benefit since in this context he would theoretically have bitcoins and need cash.
@_date: 2014-04-26 08:03:50
There was a story a few months ago about some porn site that started using bitcoins, only to see their sales plummet.  
Many people perceive bitcoins as being something used for extremely shady, illegal purchases - particularly in the porn industry where its heavily associated with child porn.  By accepting bitcoins, you could frighten your user base into thinking that your comics are somehow illegal (even though they're not), and that the reason you are accepting bitcoins is to try to avoid being arrested.
You then also have the fact that if you *only* accept bitcoins, you are adding a huge layer of complexity to the process of purchasing your comics, since now your users need to go buy coins, then transfer the coins to you through coinbase.  This is something that will pose a high learning and effort curve for your users, since many are unlikely to know much about bitcoins or to use them for anything else.
If you can't find a payment processor that will do business with you, then ya, you might not have a choice but to use bitcoins.  However, I would recommend you look for another payment provider before making that decision.  I'm sure you're not the only small scale porn comic that charges for content, you could try asking around and seeing what processors other people are using.
@_date: 2014-02-26 04:46:24
Considering how rabid most of the bitcoin community is I'm going to guess he's not only been bragging about his bitcoin investments but also won't shut up about how they should all be investing in bitcoin too.
@_date: 2014-03-03 01:36:48
The answer is because MtGox was heavily involved in the drug/child porn money laundering business, and was probably aware of it.  Thats the reason that they never even bothered to try to comply with US money laundering regulations - they knew they couldn't.
This puts them in a position where they can't go to a law enforcement agency that could help them, as to do so they would have to turn over records that would likely incriminate them for money laundering.
What you're asking is functionally the same as "why doesn't a drug dealer report his stolen drugs to the police?"  Its not because he stole the drugs himself, its because the thing he was dealing in was illegal to begin with and he's afraid that if he goes to the police he'll be arrested.
@_date: 2014-04-21 06:01:39
1% of a small estate as a fee for managing it is extremely reasonable.  
And you arn't forced to use a lawyer as an executor.  Your parents could have used anyone they wanted, yourself included.  
The lawyer should also be ensuring that the mortgage is being paid.  If he's not you should look into getting him removed as the executor, which might be as simple as filing a few forms with the court and showing up to a quick hearing.
edit: of course thats assuming the estate was left like you seem to be assuming it was left, whereby the property AND money was left to you.  If they weren't, and the arrangement is something like the property goes to you but the money goes to a third party then its possible the money shouldn't be used to pay off the mortgage and thats your responsibility.  Reading over your post again its not really clear how the assets are supposed to be distributed so who knows.
@_date: 2014-02-28 00:54:02
Sorry that you lost all of your money but as a "family man" you should really stop sinking your savings into ultra-risky, ideological investments that you know relatively little about and actually seek the advice of a financial planner so that you can provide for your own retirement/kids future.
@_date: 2014-02-06 09:46:26
They didn't accept orders in bitcoins.  So, depending on if they actually did attempt to manufacture the miners or not, they could have anywhere from negative money to tens of millions of dollars.
If they had accepted orders in bitcoins they would have less than that because as of early last year its been virtually impossible to cash large bitcoin orders out of any bitcoin processing site in anything other than bitcoins.  Which is probably why they didn't accept payment in bitcoins to begin with.
@_date: 2014-04-21 09:46:49
I think its pretty unlikely that he stole it.  MtGox was a cash cow - it was pulling in millions of dollars in profit per year with practically no effort required on Karpeles' part.  
He, and MtGox generally, don't appear to have been very sophisticated or to have taken security very seriously.  This, combined with the sheer amount of money they were holding would make them a prime target for thieves.  Just look at it this way - people have planned very sophisticated, very high risk heists in which they risked their lives for far less than Karpeles had locked up in MtGox.
And attacking MtGox would be far easier and less risky than a traditional bank or jewelry heist.  You have two points of vulnerability - day zero attacks on either the bitcoin protocol itself, or on the software that MtGox was using.
I think you either had a series of day zero attacks that just slowly bled money out of MtGox until it finally went bankrupt, or one major vulnerability that was found that let them take everything at once.  
There's also the possibility that someone stole the coins the old fashioned way, and just sat on a nearby rooftop with a pair of binoculars pointed at his computer screen/desk and waited until their cold storage keys showed up on one of those.  Again, people have done far crazier for far less.  And if the coins got stolen like this, or by using some similar method then Karpeles might not even know what happened.
But ultimately that's just what makes the most sense to me, I think its pretty likely no one will ever know for sure since, as I said previously, I doubt they were keeping sufficient documentation to show what happened.
@_date: 2014-03-02 22:56:41
Realistically charge backs are only a major concern for small, local retailers.  For large, nationwide retailers, charge backs are such an insignificant part of their business that they have no discernible effect on price.
@_date: 2015-05-15 09:45:31
None of the comments in this thread are the least bit helpful or insightful, so here goes:
a) You should contact the police immediately if you have not done so already.  Unless Australia is just bizarre and you regularly have stuff with your DoB being mailed to you your cc was almost certainly stolen by one of your roommates or friends and you need to get that investigated.
b) Its bizarre that declined transactions post to your account, I guess blame the fact that you live in Australia for that.
c) Given that this was almost certainly perpetrated by someone you know, bitcoins wouldn't help you, and might in fact leave you worse off in this situation.  This is because the person who did this clearly has physical access to you, and knows a substantial amount of your personal info.
Given that, its likely that if this person wanted to steal from you, and was patient enough, they would eventually be able to gain access to whatever device/piece of paper you were storing your wallet info on.  
Then, instead of getting your money back in 45 days with a decent chance of catching whoever did this, you would be completely out all of your money with nothing more than a guess that maybe you have a virus as the reason that you lost everything.
d) If you're living with shady roommates or have shady friends you need to be absolutely on the ball about stuff like this.  A good rule of thumb is, if you can, to not have stuff like credit cards sent to your current address.  Rather, if possible, have stuff like that sent to your parents, have your parents open it and then resend it to you in a more discrete envelope.  Or better yet, if you visit them with any regularity just pick it up when you're there.  They normally send out new credit cards a few months in advance so it shouldn't normally be an issue.  
e) If you don't think your roommates/friends are shady you may want to re-evaluate your definition of "shady".
edit: and because I don't think you understand the difference between a "push" transaction and a "pull" transaction; using a "push" method of payment only protects you against fraudulent merchant charges.  It does nothing to protect you from identity theft.  
The reason for this is that even in an electronic "pull" transaction *you* still need to "push" your identifying info to the merchant before they can initiate any charge.  In the case of identity theft, the thief has taken all of your info, and can "push" however much money they want to the merchant in question. 
Or to use another example, think of cash.  Paying someone in cash is a "push" transaction.  However, paying in cash does nothing to protect you if you leave your wallet on the table and one of your roommates comes by and takes everything out of it.
You were not a victim of fraudulent merchant charges, you were a victim of identity theft.  The merchant in this case did nothing wrong, they just ran the cc that your identity thief gave them, then ran it again when it got declined (probably for having the wrong pin, since looking at your bank they require a pin for tap and pay transactions above $100, and entering in the wrong pin once is something that everyone does from time to time - its not suspicious behavior).
@_date: 2014-02-22 13:18:55
You don't.  Reporting it to the IRS is easy because they don't care where the money came from as long as you report the income and can show bank records showing the money coming into your account (and going out of your account to establish your basis and aid in determining whether its a short or long term investment).  They don't care about your bitcoins because you havn't actually made a profit (or any money) yet.
What you have to worry about is that those people you were selling/buying from off localbitcoin turn out to be drug dealers who, as part of their plea deal, tell the prosecution that you were laundering their money for them.  Particularly if there were people you were doing repeat business with or if it turns out that a group of people that you did business with were all related in a common criminal enterprise.
@_date: 2014-02-27 05:52:18
If he has shares in the company, which is what they appear to be trying to sell, then they almost certainly have his name and address, at minimum.  This isn't a kickstarter its an IPO.
@_date: 2016-06-21 15:43:25
This a purely electronic exchange operating in a totally unregulated market in which the commodity that its trading is also traded on several other websites.  To top that all off the commodity you're trading in is extremely sensitive to external shocks.
Every website has technical issues from time to time - every website currently operating has had periods in which they have gone down due to unforeseen technical problems, even Google has had complete outages before.
The fact that this website would also have an outage at some point during its lifespan was an inevitability.  At the very least, nobody's money appears to have been outright stolen, which is a rare occurrence in the bitcoin community.
Despite that people are complaining about how the outage was handled.  But again, this is a completely unregulated website operating out of Hong Kong.  If you invested a large amount of money with them then you are did so at your own peril or, if you were unaware of the risks that investing with them entailed, you failed to do your due diligence.  
That doesn't mean that people "deserve" to lose their money.  It does, however, mean that you don't have much of a leg to stand on in complaining about any money that you did lose.  Which is why people are saying that, given the nature of your investment, you should be thankful that you didn't lose more.
@_date: 2015-07-29 01:48:47
Bitcoin-&gt;dollar payments are only cheap right now because the companies processing them are running at a loss and subsidizing the transactions with venture capital.  Eventually that capital will run out and then bitcoin-&gt;dollar payments will, at minimum, equalize with dollar-&gt;dollar payments.  
Just remember that the reason that paypal caught on was because it was cheap/easy to use early on as well.  Now everyone hates paypal because they charge too much.
Don't get me wrong, its great you can make transfers like that right now for basically free.  But you see a lot of people telling stories like this to reinforce the dogma that bitcoins allow you to somehow magically transfer money for free and that simply is not the case.  All that is happening right now is that someone else is paying for you to make those transactions in the hope that they will be able to make a profit at some unspecified point in the future.
@_date: 2015-03-23 08:16:30
This guy has absolutely no idea what he's talking about.  The very first point he makes in his video is that "reason to suspect" is a vague term.  
That couldn't be further from the truth, it uses a basic reasonableness standard that is and has been the entire basis of the US legal system since the country's founding.  Its an extremely well defined and commonly used term in the law.
Everything else he says is in a similar vein - he lacks even a high school level understanding of how the government or law works.    
If the US government has gotten to the point where its acting like this guy think it acts then your bitcoins aren't safe either because the government is just going to kick down your door and take literally everything you have including the computer or piece of paper you have your bitcoins saved on.
@_date: 2016-07-03 23:40:43
It didn't seem delusional, it seemed risky.  Bitcoin didn't have a market, and without one it would have died.  No one thought it would find a market because it doesn't have a benefit over currently used forms of money (ie cash/debit/credit cards) for a normal person.  Because of that, people assumed it would fail.
In fact, it has not found a market with normal people.  The market for bitcoin right now is predominately illegal activity (narcotics/money laundering/child porn/ponzi schemes like MMM or Coince) and grey market activity (wealthy people in China/India/Venezuela smuggling money out of their countries to avoid scrutiny for corruption).  There is also a small market for bitcoins in the online adult industry, because traditional payment processors won't deal with them, or charge high fees, despite their businesses being legal.
But that small legitimate market alone is not enough to keep bitcoin afloat, and it seemed unlikely that the other uses for bitcoin would become as prevalent as they were due to the possibility of various governments cracking down.  Hence, $1000 didn't seem very plausible, and legitimate people who were supporting bitcoins certainly didn't want to advertise bitcoins as being a good "investment" because it would become the vehicle of choice for criminals to launder their money.  But the idea that it might find a niche as a tool for money laundering, which could support current or historical prices for it, always existed.
But bitcoin going much higher than it currently is borders on delusional.  Its already achieved full saturation in all of its viable markets, so there isn't really going to be much more in terms of long term demand for it.  That doesn't mean it can't move up from where it is *in the short term*, but there just isn't a plausible use for it to justify an 500x increase in price - short or long term.  You really have to stretch the bounds of plausibility to see it even hitting $1,000 under current market conditions.  edit: and I mean, that doesn't mean it can't hit $1,000 - just that it would take some fairly unlikely events occurring to drive the current price that high, hence investing in bitcoin under the assumption that it will hit $1,000 is extremely risky today, just as investing in bitcoin with the assumption that it would hit $400 was risky when the value was pennies.
The flipside is the long term issues that arise when bitcoins finally get mined out are fairly severe and no one has really worked out why people are going to pay exorbitant mining fees rather than just switching over to another altcoin - especially when the primary users of bitcoins are, again, people are only using bitcoins for their ability to cheaply launder money and who have absolutely no ideological or other connection to it beyond the fact that its good for business.
Eventually that flipside is going to get priced into bitcoin, and that is going to put a huge amount of downward pressure on the system. 