@_author: uhgj1
@_date: 2017-02-01 02:23:28
    Improved Instant ACH
    You may have also noticed that this new zero-confirmation BTC deposit feature is pretty similar to our existing Instant ACH system: your funds are available for trading right away, and they become available for withdrawal only once your deposit fully clears. Instant ACH is one of our most popular features, and after listening to your comments and feedback over the last year, we’ve made some changes to how we calculate your “Available for Withdrawal” balance. We think you’ll find the new system much more sensible — especially if you make frequent deposits and trades.
I'm interested in this. Say you want to buy $500 worth of bitcoin from Gemini. You initiate an ACH deposit to Gemini, and they let you buy immediately. Cool, but then you have to wait 5-7 days to be able to transfer those coins out. Even 3 and 4 days after the ACH has been deducted from your bank.
What are these new changes? They don't elaborate on their blog.
@_date: 2017-02-01 02:25:20
It's funny how many people say things like this with absolutely nothing in the way of technical arguments to back up their position - roger ver included.
Even the BU developer's best arguments are that the ability to create empty blocks will somehow regulate the block size - which seems to completely ignore that it is the large miners who want to create large blocks so that they can mine more empty ones, pushing out the little guys and collecting an ever greater portion of the mining subsidy.
Segwit actually addresses the bad incentives created by socialized node size and the mining subsidy by creating a second layer in which large nodes can make money at the benefit of others in the network rather than at their expense. And it actually facilitates something beyond linear scaling, which really isn't a long term solution at all.
Increasing the block size in the bitcoin network is like increasing the minimum allowable seed rate in a torrent network with no restriction on the number of leechers and expecting a more robust and functional network.
@_date: 2017-02-01 02:22:50
The same can be said for any investment. Knowing when to sell is often harder than knowing when to buy. But if you bought that bitcoin for $10 yesterday, and you buy $20 worth of pizza with it today, that's a profit! Don't worry about what you could have gained tomorrow, you have no way to know what will happen tomorrow, maybe you'll lose value!
I recently traveled to Mexico before Trump's election, which decimated the USD:Peso exchange rate. Should I be upset that I didn't wait until after the currency dropped before my trip? No, there's no way to know that would have happened. And it's still not too late to take advantage of that new exchange rate if I go back soon.
@_date: 2017-02-01 02:23:02
I support bitcoin, this still sounds shady. Uber works because I know I'm going to be picked up soon, in a clean car, by a safe driver, and I only have to share if i want to. This sounds less reputable than the actual taxi's in my area, who show up sometime after you call them, within the next hour and a half, maybe, in a car that may or may not have other people in it, who may or may not be going to buy drugs. 