@_author: uhm_ok
@_date: 2017-09-08 02:23:24
Yeah, I don't think the creator of this understands how economics/currencies work. 
But it is a good bitcoin circlejerk ;)
@_date: 2017-09-08 14:52:24
Couple basic economic theory points here:
Bitcoin is not money in the same way the dollar is. 
Deflation is really bad for a currency. 
Here's why: money is a medium of exchange, a store of value, and a unit of account. As a medium of exchange bitcoin fails, in the same way gold fails. It's not a true "currency" in the strict economic sense. While there are places that will accept bitcoin payments they mostly need to exchange that bitcoin into dollars or whatever the currency is for the country that they are in. 
In my mind, bitcoin functions more like a stock, its value is speculative and is tied to how much interest people have in it. You can't live exclusively with bitcoin anywhere in the world. 
But even if you insist that bitcoin and the dollar are comparable, that they are both currencies in the same way, you can't escape the fact that deflation is bad for a currency and this image makes it seem like a good thing. 
Sure, it's nice when less money buys more things, and this works to your advantage as a consumer of goods or the owner of debt. But if you owe any debts that are denominated in a certain currency, the number of units of that currency doesn't change regardless of if the value of the currency goes up or down relative to other currencies. If I borrowed from someone 50 bitcoins in 2015 and promised to pay them back those 50 bitcoins in 2017, I would be relatively worse off than if that debt contract had been on a currency that had not deflated over that time period. That is the very simple explanation for why deflation is not something to brag about in a currency. And if you think that it doesn't matter for bitcoin because bitcoin isn't used to lend and borrow money, then you begin to lean into my first point, about bitcoin not being a currency because it is not a true medium of exchange.