@_author: ukdca
@_date: 2014-03-02 21:47:53
LONDON—The U.K.'s tax authority is near to issuing rules that would treat virtual currencies much like regular money, according to a bitcoin-industry executive who said he has seen a draft of regulations being assembled by Her Majesty's Revenue and Customs.
Tom Robinson, a director of the industry group U.K. Digital Currency Association, said he attended meetings last week where HMRC presented a briefing paper that outlined potential tax rules for digital currencies. Tax authorities around the world are wrestling with how to deal with virtual currencies, which combine elements of traditional money and speculative assets.
"Our understanding is that the rules are pretty much finalized and the HMRC will release the tax rules in the public domain within the next week or so," Mr. Robinson, who is also a co-founder of Elliptic, a digital-currency services company, told The Wall Street Journal in an interview.
"The tax treatment for cryptocurrencies described in the briefing were almost exactly the same as for any other currency," Mr. Robinson said. "For example, no value-added tax is due on the purchase of cryptocurrencies, or on the trading commissions charged by an exchange."
Mr. Robinson said he is fairly certain that the new tax rules will be as presented in the briefing paper that he reviewed, though that couldn't be verified. HMRC said in a statement that it "has been working closely with the bitcoin industry on the tax treatment of trading in bitcoins and commission. We will be issuing technical guidance shortly."
Like other European countries, the U.K. charges value-added tax—a sort of national sales tax—on the purchase of most goods and services. Currently, there is no VAT charged on purchases of bitcoin itself in the U.K., although if VAT is levied on a product, the tax must be paid whether payment for the product is made in pounds, bitcoin or anything else. It is also unclear whether investors have paid any capital-gains tax on money earned by investing in bitcoin.
The new guidance, if it emerges as Mr. Robinson believes, would continue the practice of not levying VAT on currency purchases. According to Mr. Robinson's assessment of the briefing paper, HMRC is likely to levy a capital-gains tax on profits made on trading digital currencies, as is levied on gains made in trading conventional currencies and stocks.
At the moment, the U.K. exempts gains on foreign currency purchased for personal use outside the U.K. from capital-gains tax. It wasn't clear how it would treat bitcoin bought for personal use, rather than investment.
The U.K. tax authorities' steps underscore efforts by governments across the world to take a closer look at digital currencies, which have moved from the fringes of the Internet to greater acceptance. Clarity on the tax implications of the use of bitcoin may encourage some bitcoin-related businesses that may have considered leaving the country to stay put, Mr. Robinson said.
Governments including Norway and Germany have already said taxes will be applied on gains from buying and selling virtual currencies. There is no federal VAT in the U.S., and the Internal Revenue Service is studying whether capital-gains tax or ordinary income tax—or something else—should be collected. The IRS hasn't issued final rules.
Calls for greater oversight of digital currencies have risen amid a series of setbacks for bitcoin. Mt. Gox, once the dominant exchange for bitcoin trading, on Friday said more than $470 million of the virtual currency vanished from its digital coffers, kicking into high gear a search for the missing money by victims and cybersleuths.
Market regulators including the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission are still evaluating whether bitcoin falls under their jurisdiction. Agencies that oversee banks and payment systems are monitoring bitcoin, but Federal Reserve Chairwoman Janet Yellen said this past week that the Fed has no authority to regulate the virtual currency as long as it "doesn't touch" banks the Fed oversees.
@_date: 2014-03-02 19:25:08
The UK Digital Currency Association were involved in advising HMRC in relation to this change of policy.
More information here:
