@_author: ukinhi
@_date: 2018-10-25 00:54:48
I actually agree with most of what cryptogrip said. It is irrelevant but only relevant for people who are obsessed with trends and data correlations. As for Bitcoin’s price, it has no impact. People won’t look at a price a year ago and be like...it’s now lower than it was a year ago, time to sell. I just it’s FUD or FOMO...tied entirely to emotions and Bitcoin value. If somebody told me Donald Trump would be President in 2013, I would disregard them...just being honest. Of course in a country where rural rednecks in flyover states ended up deciding the election, Trump can be president. And in a very progressive country like Canada, marijuana can be legalized. However, if somebody told me that 5 yrs ago, I wouldn’t believe it. The current state can really blind your outlook in both positive and negative directions. Well said, Cryptogrip.
@_date: 2018-10-25 00:54:08
   Let's say you buy a random crypto, stock, etc today, no thought put into it, and sell it in two weeks. The probability of you profiting or not, in theory, is 50/50 (it's actually not as we know bc there are other factors, but because you put no thought into it it's essentially gambling with 50/50 odds).
   TA is about finding higher probability trade setups. So you use price action, support and resistance, indicators, etc. to find these setups that instead of having 50% odds, have 60% or 70% instead.
   There are no surefire trades. Zero. Every experienced trader knows this. Even if you trade eight 70% trade setups in a row, there is still a possibility you lose every single one. But after 100, 200, 300 trades, you will have made money overall because the odds are in your favor.
   That's the difference between trading like a professional using TA, and a crypto manchild who feels he has to always be right with his calls. Professional traders know they will be wrong many times, and that is a fact of life, but they make money in the long run. Crypto manchilds follow other people's calls and get mad at them when their calls are wrong, not realizing they can always be wrong, and start trading based on emotion instead of a disciplined trading plan, leading to constant losing streaks.
   That is what TA and professional trading is all about; Putting the odds in your favor. Not the Reddit mentality here of profitting from every trade, and having a magic crystal ball that can guess where the market goes every time. That's impossible and no one is claiming that but people seem to act like it is being claimed.
@_date: 2019-01-16 06:18:34
It is profitable if you know what are you doing. Do some studying first, then try it with small amounts first. 
The biggest profits are in arbitrage trading.