@_author: ukstv
@_date: 2016-03-19 09:23:47
No way unless your bank, insurer, government, and any other entity involved all together move their contracts on a block chain of sort.
@_date: 2017-01-16 21:40:28
Another try, using Ethereum: 
@_date: 2017-01-13 20:38:04
TLDR: Would consider it true. Blockchain enables real-time energy trading.
Number of distributed energy resources, like solar panels or wind turbines, increases. One can not effectively forecast immediate (around 3-4 seconds tick) energy generation by those. An electric grid comes out of demand-supply balance in energy. Balancing the grid is hard and expensive: one have to turn on expensive fossil-based generators during low supply or peak load period, and turn on consumption/storage if energy is in excess, and have al the balancing sources ready for dispatch. The problem is inability to _rapidly_ communicate demand-supply (im)balance to both the consumer and producer of energy. Have in mind a producer could be your neighbour with a solar panel on a roof. Usually price transmits an information about (im)balance.
The solution is twofold. First, one have to rearchitect the grid from generator-centric (centralised) to community-centric (distributed). The community (microgrid in energy parlance, small town or area in reality) is a minimal element of the grid. Considering all the local batteries and renewables, it is almost self-sustainable. Second, one have to reorganise payments between the producers and consumers so that real-time pricing of energy is possible. This ties supply-demand balance of energy to the price. It effectively creates real-time energy market among the community, drastically reduces imbalance, and makes a grid operator less busy. Everything is cheaper then.
How it kinda works on a microgrid level:  Please, Chrome only. Green bar is supply, blue bar is demand. Blinking glow indicates excess of energy, that is production. Numbers show the money. Note how the numbers change after each tick.
Blockchain fits the scheme as an instrument for real-time energy trading: pricing and settlement. Bitcoin or any cryptocurrency makes the pricing part work. Blockchain is a settlement layer. That is, one could extremely cheap, precise and hassle-free settle kWh or RECs on blockchain, or could use cryptocurrency blockchain to settle the actual money.
Disclaimer: Spent 4 years writing software for smart grid industry leader. Now do  and consult top 20 Russian bank on blockchain.
To dig deeper look at   
@_date: 2016-10-01 21:27:23
Forget about OpenChain. It has nothing to do with Colored Coins apart a single author. Go with vanilla Coloured Coins.
@_date: 2016-05-23 22:11:27
Trough of disillusionment has come. This is a good thing actually.