@_author: ullulaq
@_date: 2017-07-01 22:44:31
OMG - what complete gibberish. You really have no understanding of Bitcoin or the uniform law you are attacking.
A Bitcoin is not the same thing as the private key associated with it.  The proposed law does not regulate bitcoin or private keys.  It regulates businesses that have control of other people's virtual currency.  With regard to a wallet service, if the wallet is non-custodial, it's not covered.  If it custodial, it is covered.
Please read the bill before you comment on it again. You are embarrassing yourself.
@_date: 2017-07-01 02:14:21
Wow. You don't have the vaguest idea of what you are talking about, do you. Incorporating references to Article 8 doesn't make virtual currency a security.  It just applies the rules of securities intermediaries (who, by the way, can hold all sorts of things besides securities) to entities who have control of other people's virtual currency.  That means the exchange's creditors can't foreclose on the customer's bitcoin.  It also allows companies with bitcoin stored in a wallet to pledge that bitcoin as collateral for a loan.  Further, the FinCEN guidance does not say that VC is money and the IRS did not say it was a commodity.  You have the reading comprehension skills of a 3rd grader.  You should stick to selling "bitcoin processing" services to bodegas. Oh, sorry, did that company fail?  Gee, I wonder why.
And they fact that you think you are part of Academia makes me laugh.
@_date: 2017-06-29 04:14:37
I don't know what you read, but the proposed uniform law clearly does NOT regulate transfers of virtual currency from one party to another. It only regulates **businesses** that have control of other people's virtual currency - that means it covers centralized issuers, exchanges and custodial wallets.  Doesn't cover individuals not engaged in the above. Doesn't cover miners.  It's a pretty well thought out piece of legislation. They've been working on it for a couple of years. The meetings have all been open to the public and lots of people have attended, commented and contributed. Without this legislation, states will try to apply existing money transmission laws to virtual currency and that will be a disaster.  The uniform law has a lot of good features - a de minimus exception for researchers and hobbyists, an "on ramp" that allows start-ups to operate with minimal requirements and reciprocity betweens states - meaning your license in one state makes it easy to get licensed in others.
I realize certain crazy people will oppose everything, but rational people who actually study the proposal will get behind it.