@_author: ulrichw
@_date: 2017-12-22 17:35:02
If you don't trust them, don't give them the information.
They're required to collect this information by US money-laundering laws, so to me, this is a sign of their being "legit."
Ultimately, though, you'll have to trust someone if you want to convert fiat to/from crypto.
@_date: 2017-12-21 18:55:22
If you're already registered &amp; submitted ID for Coinbase, the info transfers to GDAX.
@_date: 2017-12-21 18:41:31
But that's basically equivalent to Coinbase's issue: I'm sure their underlying infrastructure is Segwit-ready. It's just a matter of deploying it to the point end-users can use it.
So if you want to apply a conspiracy theory to Coinbase's delay in deploying Segwit, that same theory should apply to Core (particularly given that adding it to the UI should have a lot less risk than adding the feature in the first place, giving Core little excuse for the delay in rolling it out).
Nota bene: I think neither Core nor Coinbase is a bad actor here. Core misjudged on the importance of getting Segwit adoption. Coinbase simply has too many things going on - the huge attention Bitcoin received in the past few months has stretched all players IMO.
@_date: 2017-08-27 18:33:40
No gaming necessary.
EDA works on a field called "median time" which is the time that the block *6 blocks ago* was generated.
This means that after the block rate is slow enough to trigger EDA an additional 6 blocks must be generated before EDA actually starts to kick in.
Assuming no more hashpower is added (why would miners switch? the chain is still unprofitable) these 6 blocks will also be generated at a rate slow enough to trigger EDA.
By the time EDA kicks in enough times to make the chain profitable several extra EDAs will already be "locked in".
The only gaming going on is the fact that some proportion of miners are willing to stay on the chain when it's non-profitable to keep enough blocks coming to drive the EDA.
@_date: 2017-08-26 23:11:04
The current situation is temporary, though where things settle isn't as clear.
1. Bitcoin difficulty hasn't adjusted to the new situation with the alternate chain. It will adjust some time in 2-3 weeks.
2. In the very short term, the BCH chain will do its DA in a little over an hour from this post. This will likely result in most hashpower moving back to the BTC chain. For about 24 hours, the BTC chain will probably run in the vicinity of a block every 8-9 minutes (due to last DA which already accounted for a share of hashpower moving)
3. segwit transactions are still a minute percentage of the transactions. As wallets and exchanges adjust, this will go up, increasing the effective transaction rate of the network
All of these things will lower fees.
Sources:  for general chain statistics
 for segwit transaction count
Edit: I believe it's counterproductive to try to suppress threads like this - it is a reality of the situation and BTC will become stronger by addressing it head-on.
@_date: 2017-08-30 23:35:16
Thanks for the reference to the Cornell Study!
I would argue that the Cornell Study supports the case for increased block size (even the title of the article you cite recommends a block size increase twice as large as the s2x proposal).
Key quotes:
 * The study found that 90%, of the then, 4565 bitcoin nodes (currently standing at more than 7,000), can continue to operate at 4MB blocks
 * The study [PDF] reveals some striking results in showing that 50% of bitcoin’s nodes, that is approximately 2,500 nodes, would not be affected by a blocksize of just under 40MB
This is remarkable, because it's saying that a 40x increase in size of blocks would only eliminate half the nodes as of the writing of the paper (2015).
Basically what that says to me is that while the argument that doing all transactions on-chain will eventually be very difficult is valid, we are not that close to that point today.
Is there a good resource that documents the primary objection with increasing the size of the blocks?
Most of your arguments have to do with the fact that it's a contentious hard fork (and I agree with all of them - a contentious hard fork would be a very bad thing, IMO) - I'm wondering what the fundamental argument is that makes all of these people disagree with the change (especially in light of the evidence from the Cornell study).
@_date: 2017-08-27 22:29:02
Another factor I haven't seen mentioned yet is that because the price for BTC has stayed stable, any hashrate pulled from BTC has the effect of lowering the difficulty of the BTC chain at the next DA.
This means BTC becomes more profitable to mine completely independently of the fees.
Even miners who aren't switching to BCH are benefiting from this effect.
@_date: 2017-08-27 23:39:58
I'd quibble with some of the numbers: Per  average transactions per block have been around 2100. This translates to a rate of 3.5/sec (and network is at or close to capacity, since there's a backlog)
Segwit increases the limit, except that people either can't or don't know how to generate segwit transactions (due to lack of wallet features). So a very low percentage (under 1%) of transactions is currently segwit. Source: 
Segwit adoption is required for fees to stay low as historical transaction load appears to be repeatedly exceeding the 3.5 transaction/sec limit of the non-segwit blocks. Source: 
@_date: 2017-08-30 22:34:13
You're right about gold not devaluing by a factor of 10K or 100K, but gold does "bobble" significantly: 
Looking at 1980 to 2001, gold went from around $2000 to below $400 in today's dollars. It then went back up to around $2000 in 2011 before dropping to where it is now around $1300.
I would be pretty concerned to have my savings fluctuate by a factor of 5 over a period of 10-20 years purely based on what I choose to store it in - sure it's great when that direction is up, but as history shows, it goes up and down.
@_date: 2017-08-29 01:15:58
"our losses from this fraud were exaggerated by the rapid appreciation of cryptocurrencies' value"
Can someone explain the mechanics of this to me?
It seems to me that if the losses "were exaggerated" that means that Celery had a significant exposure to the cryptocurrency vs. fiat exchange rate.
If they had that kind of exposure, they would have taken a loss even without fraud.
Basically I'm envisioning something like this (hypothetical currency to simplify math):
- cryptocurrency is worth $1000 per unit
- Abel deposits 4 cryptocurrency units with Celery
- Baker deposits $1000 USD and gets one cc unit
- He immediately transfers the cc to a private wallet
- Celery now owns $1000 USD and 3 cc units
- cc units move to $2000
- Celery now is in trouble - because they owe Abel 4 cc units, but have only 3 cc units and $1000 - to buy the 4th cc unit would cost them $2000
Regardless of whether Baker charges back the original $1000, Celery is at least $1000 in the hole.
If they're only paying 20 cents on the dollar, something really fishy seems to have been going on completely independently of the chargeback fraud.
It sounds to me like someone was betting with customer dollars and got caught with their pants down when the currencies appreciated.
@_date: 2017-08-27 20:06:33
Nobody has given you explicit advice, though viajero_loco hinted at it.
The issue here is not the fee, but your wallet's fee estimation algorithm. As of the time you wrote your message, the actual fees to get next-block execution was in the range of 20-30 satoshis per byte. You can see this graphically on this website: 
I'm not sure how big your $1,000 transaction would be - it depends on how many inputs you need to include. Let's say for the sake of argument it's about 50 inputs (50 payments to you)
Transaction size is about 181 bytes per input plus 44 bytes (source: 
So your transaction should be: 50 * 181 + 44  = 9094 bytes
At 30 satoshis per byte, your transaction would be 272820 satoshis - at current exchange rates that's around $12
If you use a wallet that allows manual setting of fees - you could simply look at the website I linked and set the fee appropriately - you'll likely save a lot over the automatic fee recommendations.
I believe it is possible, though not easy, to move your bitcoin to another wallet from Mycelium without actually doing a transaction - use google to find some instructions.
@_date: 2017-08-28 22:35:06
Ok, to be a little more helpful than igenno, here's what I had to figure out.
Step 1: Colored coin: 
A colored coin is simply "a class of methods for representing and managing real world assets on top of the Bitcoin Blockchain."
So in other words the only relationship that it has to blockchain technology is that records on the colored coin are kept in the blockchain, and thus permanent.
What it doesn't guarantee is that they will not create an arbitrary number of the coins, that they will adhere to the terms they advertise for the coins, etc.
All that the blockchain guarantees that certain historical records will never be able to be expunged (I couldn't find enough details on RMC to figure out what they're actual putting in the blockchain).
For some reason, they have Mycelium's cooperation in it.
The second part of igenno's statement is more cryptic: "It’s a bitcoin coin that will guarantee a miner in 10 months."
First of all, as he already stated it's not a bitcoin coin, it's a colored coin - which really shouldn't be called a "coin" to begin with (to avoid confusion). It's a transaction record stored in the bitcoin blockchain.
What the token gives you (in exchange for $4,100), is two things:
1. A pre-purchase of a "multiclet" miner which according to their delivery schedule will be ready to be put into operation in Oct. 2018.
2. In the interim gives the owner a right to a share of a pool of tokens which will collectively receive a share of RMC's mining as follows: "18% of the hashrate will come to the wallet of investors in accordance with the share of tokens, after the minimum for transaction (0.05 BTC) is reached, maximum four times a day."
(source: 
Basically, this is crowdfunding a miner startup with big claims.
Instead of selling shares through a regular process, they're using these "colored coins" to represent the shares. They're promising certain rights to go along with the tokens, but I don't see how any of these promises can/will be enforced - so you're effectively trusting them blindly to deliver.
I don't have Mycelium, so I don't know if they present anything closer to a contract anywhere, but regardless I totally agree with igenno - this is not a coin of any sort.
@_date: 2017-08-31 02:58:28
Per:  you only get close to 4MB with what Jimmy describes as a "pathological" segwit transaction.
His estimate of a typical use case yields around 2MB (I've seen other, lower estimates, too).
The irony is that a segwit transaction is a little larger than an equivalent on-chain transaction - 218 bytes vs. 191 bytes for a 1 input 1 output transaction (source:  so those 2MB would around 10% fewer transactions than 2MB block filled with non-segwit transactions would.
This is all somewhat moot, because you're right that the effective block size increase, *once a significant percentage of transactions uses segwit,* will effectively eliminate the current bottleneck.
Based on  sustained mempool transaction rate is peaking around 4/sec - faster than the current network can handle, but less than the around 5-6 tx/sec the network could handle once segwit transactions predominate.
Unfortunately, the adoption curve still seems to be increasing slowly. Current blocks are still well under 1% filled with segwit transactions. see: 
@_date: 2017-08-25 23:16:05
Because it's using median time past instead of the current block's timestamp (presumably to make it harder to game with fake timestamps), it's actually looking 6 blocks in the past to make the decision.
This means it takes 12 blocks to adjust rather than 6 - but the asymmetry you point out still applies.
I personally don't think it was intentional - just a misjudgment. (using the median time is the bigger mistake, IMO, because it tends to cause an overshoot on the EDA)
@_date: 2017-11-14 01:50:39
I think the article does a decent job explaining a theoretical issue with Segwit, but completely misses the mark on the practical implications by not doing a simple computation of the costs involved.
The fundamental issue with the argument the article makes, in my opinion, is that the cost of downloading the signatures is minuscule  compared to the cost of mining a bad block.
From what I've seen, general practical estimates of how much capacity segwit adds is 2x-3x. It does this by keeping the "main" portion of the block - the part that the miners *must* verify - the same size - i.e. 1MB, and putting the signatures into the signature section.
This means that there will be something around 2MB of signatures to download.
So the "cost" of downloading the signatures it the cost of downloading an extra 2MB of data. (For reference, the NY Times homepage is about 3MB).
OTOH, the amount of money you're risking by mining a block determined to be bad is the block reward plus the fees - Currently approaching $120,000.
It would seem like a very foolhardy exercise to risk losing $120,000 for the fractions of a cent cost of downloading a couple of megabytes of signatures.
@_date: 2017-11-14 18:30:47
I agree with you on SPV - as long as a sufficient proportion of the network is fully validating, SPV will work fine. I believe it will only require a relatively small minority to provide security for the network.
I believe your attacker scenario is a 51% attack. I agree that this is a valid attack vector. I think there are some mitigations, however. The beauty of the blockchain is that any attacks like this would be highly visible.
The corollary to the visibility is that a successful attack would likely severely devalue the currency. Sure, the attacker may have made some one-time gains by shapeshifting out some profits, but the opportunity cost of no longer being able to profitably mine the chain would be huge (this is true as long as margins on mining continue to be large, which they will as long as the currency keeps appreciating).
In other words, an attack would yield a relatively small one-time gain, at the expense of forgoing indefinite future profits from normal mining.
It also assumes that a miner can amass something close to 51% of hashpower to perform the attack.
@_date: 2017-09-07 17:43:43
This is meaningless unless you think putting cash in a mattress is a good way to save money. Interest rates offset inflation and other investments exist that far exceed the rate of inflation. Cash is meant to be used, not stored.
How about doing the same set of images, but make it represent income instead.
You'd have growing piles of cash for dollars, and shrinking piles of bitcoin.
It's this psychological effect that has made economists decide that inflation is a good thing.
@_date: 2017-09-01 03:16:10
BTC is as irreplaceable as gold.
BTC has some intrinsic value as a secure transparent store for electronic contracts.
Gold's inflated value has little to do with its intrinsic value - most people who own gold do not build cellphones, fill teeth, etc.
As with BTC the primary driver for price is the value that other people are willing to pay and believe about gold right now (hence the large swings as sentiment about gold shifts - demand for the use of gold).
BTC is also unique and irreplaceable - you can trace it right back to the origin block where the first BTC was created - you can't even do that with gold.
Gold, on the other hand, is pretty similar. IMO, the main advantage it has over BTC is that it's much easier to understand (this conversation is a case in point), and has better aesthetics.
I'll go against this forum's general sentiment and say that Fiat (at least from developed economies) is more stable due to government backing, so I agree with you there. The tax argument you raise is a little circular to me - you seem to be saying fiat is valuable because people pay their taxes with fiat. Yet that transaction requires fiat to have value, or paying taxes with fiat would be moot.
I'm not sure I understand your last sentence - what do you mean by "for monetary use on its own"?
@_date: 2017-09-18 21:32:21
Sure, possibly. However this argument hinges on the fact that the entity doing the spamming - i.e., attacking Bitcoin - is at the same time controlling a large percentage of the mining for Bitcoin.
This would seem kind of self-defeating, since the reward for mining is paid in Bitcoin. The miner is harmed by having the value of Bitcoin go down.
Given that miners have generally invested a huge amount of resource in equipment that would devalue if the value of Bitcoin decreases, I wouldn't think that they are the first candidates that come to mind for spamming.
@_date: 2017-09-20 23:25:58
Here are the terms you put in your text that the "common man" will have a hard time understanding (either because they're jargon, or because they're used in a technical way that's different from the common english definition):
- UTXO
- key pair
- private key
- transaction signature
- address
- cryptographic
- output
Each of those terms requires a pretty lengthy technical explanation. Asymmetrical key cryptography, which blockchain technology relies on, is quite difficult for technical experts to understand and trust - it requires a huge leap of faith by the general populace.
@_date: 2017-09-07 03:18:18
True right now - but if you had submitted a 30 sat/byte transaction on Aug. 21, you would have waited 6 days for your first confirmation.
Getting a guaranteed 24 hour confirmation during that period would have run you about 300 sat/byte.
Ironically the current situation has been aided by the BCH chain - it kept the difficulty on the BTC chain low enough so that blocks are being generated about 20% faster than target (source: 
Basically the chain is running close to capacity. Any time the mainstream press creates more interest in Bitcoin, the transaction rate risks exceeding this capacity. This means that the first experience that many new users will have will include the high fees that come with a backlog.
You could argue that the need is not urgent, but I think the capacity issue is still a detriment to adoption.
@_date: 2017-10-01 18:24:14
It's going to be a similar process, but with a wallet that's set to follow the BCH chain.
Make sure you keep straight which address is which - particularly when you send to third parties like exchanges.
Sending your BCH to a BTC address on the exchange (or vice versa) will likely cause you to lose your funds.
@_date: 2017-09-06 16:56:47
Not an awful article, but very much a cheerleading piece.
One thing that's a little damning, in my mind, is the fact that the author advocates purchasing GBTC: "Despite its seemingly absurd 80%+ premium to NAV, GBTC may be a viable option for investors unable to purchase Bitcoin directly."
He proceeds to make some arguments why the premium will persist for some time - but given that he just finished explaining how Bitcoin would become mainstream and explode in value, how he can turn around and argue that an 80% premium will persist is a little perplexing.
Basically, a mainstream Bitcoin will mean many competitive Bitcoin funds will be created, as will Bitcoin portals more accessible to the masses. Both of those will quickly erase any huge premiums like the one GBTC currently has.
His support of GBTC gives you an idea of the general tone of the article - there are some interesting factoids, but his analysis is anything but objective.
@_date: 2017-09-10 18:19:46


That could be one reason, but it's not the only reason.
It could be someone who believes that future value will come and views the opportunity cost as an investment.
I'm not saying it's one way or the other, but to me the fact that someone is willing to pay an opportunity cost to keep the BCH chain alive is not a definitive sign of maliciousness or political goals.
The reality of the situation is probably that there is some of both going on - i.e., some belief in the future success of BCH and some motivation to harm parties supporting BTC.
@_date: 2017-09-28 19:23:25
How will they distinguish spam from a legitimate address? As long as it looks like a real address, they have to check periodically to see if someone transferred money to it.
Providing an incorrect private key will require them to check the transaction, but it only takes one simple operation to determine that the private key is invalid. After that, they never have to check again.
@_date: 2017-09-05 19:24:41
Article headline: "Banks spread fake news stories about Bitcoin"
Article content: Cites a couple of fake news items that came out in the past months
Missing: Any link between banks and the stories other than a single bald assertion
I would guess that the banks mostly are oblivious and/or apathetic about Bitcoin.
For reference: Banks do as much as $5.3 trillion dollars of forex trades *a day* (
Why would they care about a little virtual currency with a total value of a few dozen billions of dollars?
The time may come that they're that concerned - but I think for now it's a bit of wishful thinking to ascribe these stories to the "banks."
@_date: 2017-09-30 23:03:02
Conceptually what you do is import your private key to a BTC-supporting wallet and a BCH-supporting wallet.
Then, move your BTC to a new BTC address using the BTC wallet and move the BCH to a new BCH address in the BCH wallet. Now you have the BTC in an address that is only on the BTC chain and the BCH in an address that is only on the BCH chain.
This is mostly a cosmetic operation if you're holding onto both coins. "Separate" is a bit of a misnomer - your BCH and BTC are already separate - they're just on the same address in both chains.
@_date: 2017-09-08 19:22:46
How about you follow the rules of the sub you so glibly linked: "Please post an explanation on why what you have posted is bad economics"
@_date: 2017-09-06 07:07:25
With a deflationary currency, the return will come from increased use. Basically as people buy Bitcoin and hoard it, fewer Bitcoins are available for other people to buy and hoard. This drives price up.
Because there is a finite supply, the price keeps going up as long as new people keep joining.
In order for this process to continue, Bitcoin needs to become progressively more mainstream and will need to reduce its volatility (the two hopefully will come with each other - i.e., reduced volatility will attract more people, and more people will reduce volatility)
Direct commerce in Bitcoin is probably important, but probably far more important is good liquidity in the exchange market to Fiat currencies. (I don't buy into the theory that Fiat currencies will all collapse - I believe we're stuck with them for quite a while).
@_date: 2017-09-07 17:27:01
First of all, it's not clear that miner spam is a big factor here - I'd like to see some analysis.
I can believe that miners may have contributed low fee transactions, but I believe fee escalation is driven by "real" transactions.
2 MB blocks may not completely alleviate the impact of spam, but it'll make it many multiples more expensive.
It's pretty clear from long-term transaction rate charts that Bitcoin was close to transaction-saturated pre-segwit (source:  This means that a spammer only needs to contribute a small number of transactions to push the network over its limit.
Doubling capacity would (presumably) give so much free capacity that spamming would be impractical to impossible at reasonable fee levels.
@_date: 2017-09-01 00:24:33
 &gt; BTC can not be compared to Gold or any physical entity
I actually think gold is one of the best comparisons.
Like gold, a large number of people value BTC way beyond its current practical usefulness.
Like gold, the price of BTC is subject to large speculative price swings.
Like gold, there is a limited supply of BTC (unlike gold, the total supply of BTC is known).
Like gold, many people hoard BTC.
Like gold, people see BTC as a store of financial wealth not subject to government control.
Like gold, BTC can be used for transactions, but a lot of people just trade it and store it.
Like gold, BTC is very hard to destroy.
Like gold, BTC attracts its share of opinionated kooks and fanatics.
(Sorry had to get that last one in)
@_date: 2017-09-04 20:30:23
segwit does not improve efficiency - an on-chain transaction is slightly bigger using segwit.


from: 
LN (which is enabled by segwit) arguably increases overall transaction efficiency, but is sort of apples and oranges, since the blocksize modification is targeted at on-chain transactions.
@_date: 2017-09-01 00:24:33
 &gt; BTC can not be compared to Gold or any physical entity
I actually think gold is one of the best comparisons.
Like gold, a large number of people value BTC way beyond its current practical usefulness.
Like gold, the price of BTC is subject to large speculative price swings.
Like gold, there is a limited supply of BTC (unlike gold, the total supply of BTC is known).
Like gold, many people hoard BTC.
Like gold, people see BTC as a store of financial wealth not subject to government control.
Like gold, BTC can be used for transactions, but a lot of people just trade it and store it.
Like gold, BTC is very hard to destroy.
Like gold, BTC attracts its share of opinionated kooks and fanatics.
(Sorry had to get that last one in)
@_date: 2017-09-27 00:48:41
Segwit addresses are not "normal" yet. 95+% of transactions are still being performed on legacy addresses (source: 
Using a segwit address shows a certain level of sophistication w.r.t. Bitcoin usage, IMO.
@_date: 2017-10-01 18:50:58
Your last post on rbtc was 23 hours ago.
A quick scan of your history on that sub shows mostly snarky one-liners. I wouldn't be surprised if you got temp-banned for crossing the line once.
Not saying that sub is perfect, but your statement doesn't ring true.
Oh, and also: 
@_date: 2017-09-05 19:03:00
Assuming question wasn't tongue-in-cheek, KYC = "Know your customer" (
Generally this is intended to make money laundering more difficult by not allowing anonymous transactions.
@_date: 2017-09-01 03:20:17
Nothing to do with bitcoin - but you can get your own checks as long as you know the numbers that need to go on the check (the routing number and account number - which you probably have if they gave you a few starter checks).
You should be able to find them for about $10 for 150 checks.
google "walmart checks" for a vendor I've used.
edit: To make this slightly bitcoin relevant: Since your debt is in USD, you're going to discover the joys of "foreign exchange risk". As long as BTC goes up, things are fine - but you run the risk of BTC's value shifting down significantly while it's in transit (i.e., after you deposit the USD and convert to BTC and before your sister has a chance to convert the BTC back to USD). You then have the awkward task of determining who should eat the loss - you or your sister.
@_date: 2017-09-01 00:24:33
 &gt; BTC can not be compared to Gold or any physical entity
I actually think gold is one of the best comparisons.
Like gold, a large number of people value BTC way beyond its current practical usefulness.
Like gold, the price of BTC is subject to large speculative price swings.
Like gold, there is a limited supply of BTC (unlike gold, the total supply of BTC is known).
Like gold, many people hoard BTC.
Like gold, people see BTC as a store of financial wealth not subject to government control.
Like gold, BTC can be used for transactions, but a lot of people just trade it and store it.
Like gold, BTC is very hard to destroy.
Like gold, BTC attracts its share of opinionated kooks and fanatics.
(Sorry had to get that last one in)
@_date: 2017-10-01 18:00:42
I'm curious about this argument.
"Replay attacks" have been used as one of the strong criticisms of the 2x implementation.
But your statement is not correct. You say, "what it will do however, is allow shysters and charlatans to perform replay attacks and steal peoples bitcoin."
For a user that doesn't support the 2X "attack" and upgrades to Core 0.15.0, they will only be performing transactions on the legacy chain.
The replay attack would be replaying that transaction on the 2X chain. So the only "bitcoin" that could be stolen (and it's not that simple to actually steal bitcoin with a replay attack) is the 2X coin.
If you don't support this coin and don't intend to use it, then this replay issue shouldn't affect you.
IMO there's a bit of hypocrisy in this argument. The reality is that people saw that the second chain actually will have real value. At the very least greed makes people "supporters" long enough to cash out their coin from the second chain.
While this will exert some downward pressure on the price, it also helps legitimize the chain by creating demand for liquidity for the chain on exchanges. (...and exchanges will be happy to oblige in trade for fees they can collect on transactions)
@_date: 2017-10-04 16:47:32
The reason will be clear in 3 years
@_date: 2017-09-06 02:52:48
I think it's because dogmatic positions were taken on all sides of the argument. Core seems to take the position that transactions have to be throttled in order to force them off-chain, the BCH crowd thinks segwit is an ugly jury-rigged solution that doesn't even adequately address the issue.
Neither side was willing to compromise, and instead the discussion seems to have devolved into name-calling and petty put-downs.
In my mind there's some validity to the arguments on both sides - it's troubling that all parties let themselves get so entrenched.
This feels a little like the "golden goose" to me - Bitcoin's success may end up being its downfall, as rising interest in Bitcoin creates more warring parties who create fork after fork after fork until nothing is left.
@_date: 2017-10-01 21:31:25
Your question indicates that you may not have fully researched this, so be aware that you should look up instructions on how to split the coins before you spend from either pool.
Just holding is not dangerous, but if you intend to use both coins, executing a transaction on one chain may have unintended consequences (automatically executing the same transaction on the second chain) if you don't take precautions.
@_date: 2017-10-01 22:34:31
Yes, I run both BTC and BCH nodes, but not full time.
@_date: 2017-10-03 00:28:43
My point is that I felt the presentation was a great background explanation of nodes, but not meant to talk about the relative importance of nodes vs. mining.
I think it was given in the context that mining gets all of the attention, and that nodes are important *too*.
I don't think it was meant to say that nodes rule.
In my opinion both nodes run by you and me and nodes run by miners are important. It's wrong to think of this as black and white.
And in fact I think there are other entities like exchanges, payment processors and merchants who also have very important roles in the community without having an explicitly defined role in the Bitcoin protocol.
BTW: The reason I brought in segwit/blocksize is that your premise  (nodes rule, therefore must not be limited at any cost) is often used to shoot down 2x - I was imputing that argument to you - so apologies if that was not your intent.
@_date: 2017-10-05 18:21:26
No, just humor, riffing on the upthread proposal of time travel - clearly if Satoshi came back in time, he would have known the impact of his decisions and accounted for ASICBoost.
Besides which, ASICBoost just makes hashing marginally more efficient - it doesn't invalidate the POW. This is similar to the shift from general-purpose CPUs to GPUs to ASICs. The only difference is this is an algorithmic enhancement vs. a hardware enhancement, but as the rewards get higher, we should expect a continuous stream of technology advances.
The noise about ASICBoost is overblown, IMO.
@_date: 2017-10-03 00:20:49


I most definitely did watch the entire video, and while he certainly mentioned the importance of running nodes, this does not equate to a need for *everybody* to run a node.
Certainly if you run your own node, you're doing your part to support the network, but that doesn't mean that having a significant proportion of users with spv wallets will create an insecure environment.


Quite true, and the specs would be easily sufficient to service twice the transaction load that the chain is handling today.


You missed my next sentence:
Doubling the block size will mainly give the network a little more headroom, so when variance drives up the number of transactions over a certain period, the network will handle it without causing a spike in fees (unlike how it's behaving today).
Right now nearly daily spikes in transaction volume quickly drive fees up to the 100-300 satoshi/byte (to get 1-2 block confirmation).
This can cause frustrating delays for new entrants trying to perform smaller on-chain transactions.
@_date: 2017-09-05 22:13:09
KYC laws differ across jurisdictions, so it may not be universally true, but from what I've read, they generally only apply to financial institutions (though perhaps for a pretty large class of those - e.g., gambling establishments).
@_date: 2017-10-01 21:24:11
The address format for BCH and BTC is the same, so you can use the same site to create the address.
The key here is that you have to use a wallet that lets you do transactions on the BCH chain, and use that to send your BCH to an address you only use on the BCH chain.
I personally used full nodes to do this - Core for BTC, BitcoinABC for BCH, but that may too cumbersome for some.
@_date: 2017-10-01 22:17:48
2x also known as segwit2x is the follow-up to segwit and is a hard fork which doubles the block size limit.
This fork is contentious with both sides of the argument apparently fairly deeply entrenched.
The fork is due in November, when block number 494,784 is reached (source: 
The proponents of segwit2x reached an agreement to push this through in New York - look for topics referencing NYA (New York Agreement) to find more about that. Opponents say the NYA was reached without the participation of some key community members, notably the Core development team.
@_date: 2017-10-01 21:00:09
Great explanation of the role of nodes in the Bitcoin network in layman's terms, but I don't see any support for your thesis.
The closest thing I heard from Andreas was that nodes are "more interesting" than miners, and I took that to be a rhetorical device designed to raise awareness that there's more to Bitcoin than mining.
IMO, decentralized nodes and decentralized mining are both critical elements to the Bitcoin concept.
Also, just as not everybody needs to mine, not everybody needs to run a full node in order for the security of the network to be preserved.
The key is that nodes need to be decentralized enough (and connected enough) that the network is redundant enough to withstand any reasonable attack from an entity like a hostile government.
(For a purely hypothetical example, the network would be a lot more secure with 10 nodes each in 10 different countries, than with 1000 nodes all in China).
The issue is not black and white, IMO - both sides have good arguments. 
Running a full node is already an unwieldy process, so making it more burdensome will definitely discourage more people from running nodes.
OTOH for people who're willing to go to the pain of running a node, I don't think we're at a breaking point yet. I would venture that doubling the size of the blockchain will not radically change the number of full nodes (difference between 150-ish GB vs. 300 GB chain). I think it takes something like a factor of 10 for it to start becoming a real problem.
There's also a misconception as to the role of the max block size in making the chain bigger. It's not the block limit that matters, it's the number of transactions. If you don't believe me - run a BCH node. You'll find that it synchs up much faster than BTC because there's a comparatively minuscule transaction load on that chain. Despite have an 8MB block limit, that chain is producing blocks in the 10's of kilobytes in size.
Doubling block size won't instantly create a demand for more transactions - just look at the situation now, post-segwit. On average the blocks are significantly less full.
Doubling the block size will mainly give the network a little more headroom, so when variance drives up the number of transactions over a certain period, the network will handle it without causing a spike in fees (unlike how it's behaving today).
Finally a plea: Before you downvote this comment because you disagree with me, please decide if I've made a good argument or not. I've put a lot of research and thought into this issue, and am not blindly arguing my viewpoint.
@_date: 2017-09-04 22:36:25
Byte counts are the argument against big blocks - so if that doesn't matter, what does matter? Size doesn't just affect hard drive space, it's block latency that I believe anti-big blockers care about.
What do you think "juanduluoz" means by "efficiency"?
One of Schnorr signatures' main benefits is the reduction in size per transaction, by my understanding.
@_date: 2017-10-01 18:10:00
neester_nogo your arguments amount to "node count matter because more nodes are good."
Nodes do matter to a point, but as long as Coinbase has enough nodes to provide it good connectivity to the miners (and hence transaction execution), it's running enough nodes. (and Btw, the other fallacy in your argument is that what matters far more than how many nodes Coinbase runs, is how many nodes Coinbase connects to)
The real key here is that the value of Bitcoin is still very heavily tied to Fiat. This is evident in the fact that the value of Bitcoin is still frequently measured in USD and Bitcoin's value behaves strangely when close to a round USD number.
If one of the chains doesn't have a convenient method of exchange with fiat currencies, it will suffer.
@_date: 2017-09-27 00:41:11
Just creating a bunch of addresses that you never use is probably enough to pollute their database. The code conveniently has ways to generate addresses in bulk.