@_author: ultimategoal
@_date: 2012-11-12 04:09:31
Care to share your proof for why it is crap? It's a pretty reliable way of winning (but there is indeed a catch).
@_date: 2012-01-30 11:01:41
You need to actually mine a block during that time period in order to place a vote. I'm not sure what the time period is, but it's probably only a week or two. To give you an idea of whether you'll get the chance to vote or not, if you were to participate in a pool you should be earning on the order of 50 bitcoins in the time period over which the vote will last. Alternatively, I think you can vote with your share to decide the way which that peer-to-peer mining pool will vote.
@_date: 2012-08-27 10:23:33


Even if he were losing exactly 5k BTC every hour, that's 840k BTC every week. Assuming when he talks about "losing" money that it's due to the interest repayments, to lose that kind of money he'd have to be in debt by 840k/0.07 = 12 million BTC. There's only 9.8 million BTC in existence at this time.
Why do people believe anything this guy says?
@_date: 2012-02-19 12:17:11
Sorry that I haven't really got time to read your paper right now, but how do you verify which result is closest? I'm guessing that if you're trying to do useful work for which there is no one correct answer, as results are expected to vary, that they're not the type of problems that are easy to verify.
Is there any potential issue with nodes being able to improve their results by looking at the results of other nodes which could cause them to withhold their own results as long as possible?
The bitcoin system works partially based on the fact that it is a lottery. Even if you have relatively slow hardware, if you mine for long enough you theoretically should expect to eventually mine a block. With your proposed system, when these miners with tiny hashrates encounter your problem, they likely won't have enough resources to even think of generating a useful answer. If they can compute useful answers, then the problems are simple and the wasted computing resources would be comparable to the bitcoin network. Would your system end up compensating these miners at all (just less than the ones with good results) or would they miss out entirely (which would force the network to tend towards centralised mining pools)?
@_date: 2012-11-12 09:09:17
Yes, I know how it works. It is still a reliable way of winning, except that if you get unlucky you won't have enough money to cover the exponential growth of the bets.
If you start out with an amount small enough, you can give yourself a very high probability of walking out ever so slightly ahead. However, if you try to repeat this over and over again to make any sort of noticeable profit, you are going to end up losing everything.
@_date: 2012-11-13 12:38:12
You're just misinterpreting what I've been saying. I very clearly said walking out ever so slightly ahead. If you had 1023 of whatever unit you wish to bet in, and you start with a bet of 1, then you have approximately a 99.9% chance of walking away with more than you started.
@_date: 2012-10-03 11:47:44
Are you sure you're getting 500 Mhash/s? You must not be running it for the whole week, because you're only making 0.2 BTC/week. I get ~1 BTC/week with 300 Mhash/s (if I mine for the full week).
Also, if you are paying for electricity and making a loss, but betting on bitcoins being worth more in the future, you're actually just better off buying some (from an economic point of view). If you want to do it to strengthen the network, then that's fine. But if you are using something like a CPU to mine then you should probably consider stopping since you're just wasting Earth's resources and not getting any economic gain from it (again there may be special cases when this isn't true, like if your CPU is substituting for a heating in your home).
@_date: 2012-08-29 05:37:47
One might think that, but I'm fairly sure the 5k bet is in reference to [this 5k BTC bet]( which is logically the one he should be more concerned about rather than any other 500 BTC bets he might have going. So unless the 5k BTC bet was cancelled, I don't think my argument is flawed.
@_date: 2012-11-12 04:39:37
The article says that they are successfully screening many of the packages. It is having the desired effect, which is to prevent illicit drugs making their way to the public. In Australia, the authorities aren't as desperate to lock people up as they are in America, but it's their job to "protect" the public by preventing these drugs making their way here.
This is not "tampering with someone else's mail", since Australia Post is our government postal service, screening the post is one of its jobs.
@_date: 2011-06-18 17:47:14
I haven't had a chance to write up this properly, but I'll get around to it someday. Basically if Bitcoin ever takes off you should expect to see external devices that hold the wallet information that would be plugged into your computer. This device would contain the actual keys capable of authorising transactions and through the wonders of cryptography it would be impossible to determine those keys just by the data sent between your computer and the device. The device would have its own physical interaction system allowing the user to verify that they wish the transaction to go ahead (entering pin code in keypad, biometric authentication, etc).
The device would need to be made such that it is impossible to read the contents stored in its memory or to change the software on it just by connecting it to your computer, the only thing it would allow would be incredibly simple communication about the transactions you wish to make (maybe even simple enough that the correctness of the program could be mathematically proven to be correct).
We have to realise that for computers to be as powerful and flexible as we expect them to be these days, the software will always have vulnerabilities. The only way to guarantee security is through a hardware solution such as this.