@_author: ultimatevert
@_date: 2018-09-18 12:43:31
This looks interesting, but is there really no way in the GUI version of bitcoin-core to tell the program to use another server as a full node and not the machine its installed on?
@_date: 2018-09-07 22:08:00
This is true, and the interest rates could become so high the government can't even afford to borrow anymore. Throwing this out the window is like you say, saying math or simple economics don't exist.
@_date: 2018-09-09 02:04:13
Isn't it obvious? Coinbase has no partnerships with UPS, the United Parcel Service. This is a great opportunity to talk about PhysExchange. A new ICO exchange with a token called PhysCoin, the world's first decentralized physical cryptocurrency. Very undervalued project, good dev team, did I mention sleeping giant? PhysExchange already partnered with UPS to deliver PhysCoin and other upcoming physical cryptos to customers. Coinbase is outdated tech and too slow and will never be able to deliver physical crypto to its customers.  /s
@_date: 2018-09-30 21:02:31
Awesome, thanks so much for the reply! 
@_date: 2018-09-19 12:11:18


@_date: 2018-09-24 03:52:44
I remember Peter Schiff said there was supposed to be a crash before Obama's end of term, now he's saying before Trump's end of term. If you're always saying there will be a crash you will be right, right?
@_date: 2018-09-16 19:16:57
So, if I run a bitcoin node and then configure the computer the node is running on to route traffic through TOR, my node will still be able to communicate with nodes on the clearnet? 
The nodes that are configured as .onion are not able to communicate with clearnet nodes (nodes outside of Tor)?
@_date: 2018-09-17 03:56:44
Cool stuff. I have also learned reading this  on  that bitcoin still requests some DNS connections outside of tor even with onlynet=onion. If someone is using dnscrypt this isn't much of an issue but from my understanding, Tor .onion services do not use DNS so this could be disabled and not be problematic?
@_date: 2018-09-19 00:44:24
Thanks, but I explained a problem I would experience with Breadwallet and someone ran into it  Basically, if I set a limit on my node, say to 15 connections, and my node gets filled up to 15 then breadwallet won't be able to connect. I am also looking for desktop/Linux wallets as phones are not as secure.
I think this is a good problem being overlooked that needs to be solved down the line to help improve adoption.
@_date: 2018-09-24 03:38:00


No. This works great in almost every other open source software, but because consensus needs to be achieved...how do you propose how long LTS is supposed to last? We will be having an upcoming hardfork to implement Schnorr and taproot and some other things. LTS will delay things to incredible rates. Not only that but the developers will have to maintain two versions of software, the current/stable version and LTS version. 
An LTS for something like bitcoin would be something like 6 months or 3 months...in which it doesn't really make much sense to have because normal releases already take that long.
To further my point, lets make a scenario. Suppose 0.16.3 becomes marked as LTS. Some new bug fixes and tiny features are included in a new 0.17.0 release, although this is not an LTS release, this would simply be "current". So the devs will backport these few fixes and features to 0.16.3 and it will become 0.16.3-2 or something. Now, comes the time for a hardfork as we want to implement Schnorr so we call that 0.17.1. Sooo..what happens to the 0.16.3-2 LTS branch? Do we backport that in? If so, it defeats the whole purpose of having an LTS branch because the LTS branch is getting completely new features that no longer make it "stable" way too early for it to no longer be supported.
LTS does not work for something like bitcoin, as when new updates come out, consensus needs to be achieved, meaning the majority need to be on the new version. Having an LTS will just fragment the network more.
@_date: 2018-09-17 02:54:23
Is it possible to force any transactions being broadcasted by the node to go through Tor while still allowing access to other clearnet nodes?
I am afraid that allowing both clearnet and tor connectivity may result in a broadcast of my own transaction being sent to a clearnet node instead of first going through tor to hide my IP.
@_date: 2018-09-24 22:13:54
So BCH guys, if they want this, will have to implement this via hardfork? I wonder what kind of nonsense they will spew about the next upgrade. Inb4 "BCH requires hard fork as we have control of the network as opposed to Core that releases what it wants and forces everyone to upgrade". I can see it now.
@_date: 2018-09-25 13:41:22
There is another tthread where someone mentions similar in a comment but I can't find it.
@_date: 2018-09-25 03:53:01
The situation I am describing is SOLELY for myself. Here is a quote from my first post


If I am simply running a node to benefit the network and won't use it for myself, I will slap bitcoind on a raspbery pi and leave it running. No tor, no worrying about being able to connect it from another piece of software, etc. 


I never said this. Don't know how you came to this conclusion. 


In terms of electrum, I have heard back and forth that electrum is not actually an SPV wallet..or maybe that it does MORE than just SPV? Not saying this is what you're saying, but I just wanted to bring that to the discussion. Here is one case  I guess a software like breadwallet is purely SPV and doesn't do the things electrum does like broadcast all of your addresses to the electurm serer?
@_date: 2018-09-29 20:23:16
Yeah I did some more research and realized its already pretty damn small lol.
@_date: 2018-09-19 05:11:41
I'm not a FUDster, in all seriousness it looks like this thing just can't scale. I don't even think Litecoin will be able to help out Bitcoin with scaling. Does the lightning network really lower the amount of requiredtransactions by order of magnitude or is it less significant?
Please don't downvote, genuine curious answer.
@_date: 2018-09-30 19:02:59
Cool, this is may be off topic but you may know the answer so I will ask. 
When my node has outbound connections (typically 8) and 0 inbound connections, how am I able to receive information from them? Doesn't outbound mean only my node can send out data to them? The only thing I can think of is that my firewall allows outgoing connections from source and it also allows incoming connections from a connection that my machine initiated/established connection with, is that why it works?
I believe for iptables its simple OUTGOING ACCEPT and there some accept rule for RELATED ESTABLISHED connections.
@_date: 2018-09-17 02:42:03
Thank you for commenting, I really appreciate it, nice to find someone clarify my troubles. 
If I am to set up my node to use Tor should I close it off from clearnet, in the hope someone else's .onion node is connected to clearnet as well? Or should I allow both tor and clearnet to ensure a transaction I broadcast will reach the majority of the network? My only concern is that if I allow both tor and clearnet, a transaction I make may get broadcasted through clearnet instead of through Tor, unless there is a way to specify this via config? I would be fine with receiving transactions from clearnet but when broadcasting it HAS to be done with Tor.
Am not aware of dandelion but I bet I would make all of this simpler.
@_date: 2018-09-19 00:16:34
Right, but this requires me installing and configuring ANOTHER piece of software. One is electrum which is pretty resource heavy and the other is electrum personal server which currently doesn't work with electrum client 3.2.2. 
In the end, I end up needing to run and maintain three different pieces of software. electrum on the client machine, bitcoin-core on the low powered machine, and electrum server/personal server on the low powered machine.
If what I am asking could be implemented id only need to use one piece of software. 
How can you not see this as useful?
@_date: 2018-09-01 15:13:47
The "study" that is available in PDF also says EOS will be more valuable in the future and Cardano will be $6. They even have an entire page on BNB. If we had to compare altcoins even on r/Bitcoin I think we could agree Litecoin has more value than EOS or Cardano yet it isn't mentioned on the study except for the page.
Why is this? Litecoin is too boring/normal and this is just another hype/marketing ploy to get people to buy these shitcoins. Everyone thinks BTC will be woth more so of course they'll give it a high value to make it seem credible.
@_date: 2018-09-19 23:25:34


yeah...why hasn't banking gone green.
@_date: 2018-09-20 21:06:11
bitinfocharts shows 215gb?
@_date: 2018-09-24 23:29:18
Devs should really get up on this. There are great improvements to be made but I feel like the devs are leaning too far on the side of "improve future usability" and not doing enough of "improve basic stuff". Some basic stuff that I think is needed
- Allow bitcoin-qt to have a client mode and connect to a remote bitcoind instance (local or external).
- Implement what you are saying for bech32 so we have QR codes
I think the first one would require a re-write of how the wallets work in bitcoin-qt but if adoption is to happen, it needs to be easier to utilize your full node for things so that you can integrate light/hot wallets such as wallets on another machine at home or a mobile app on your phone when you're away from home. 
@_date: 2018-09-15 22:26:05
Can you explain more about 'financialization of bitcoin'? Are they trying to basically make bitcoin out of thin air by keeping users out of the blockchain?
@_date: 2018-09-16 18:09:59


and that honestly may actually work, but when there would be recessions those holding the original asset should not be affected....maybe...
@_date: 2018-09-17 16:18:49
So it does not solve the issue of an ISP snooping node, but it does help make it harder for other peer nodes to figure out a transaction came from you.  The article made it seem like it did both. Although...if a node receives one of these private transactions can they assume the private transaction originated rom whoever sent them? I think I have to read the article again but it says it picks 4 peers although I'm unsure when they start to broadcast, I have to read again.
The solution for ISP snooping (which is very important) could be done by using an encrypted tunnel for the private transactions but that may add extra complexity on the network, so For is still the solution. I think BIP151 got scrapped and that's why they're going with this instead.
@_date: 2018-09-17 21:18:33
FreeBSD and OpenBSD are different beasts from what BSD was.


@_date: 2018-09-18 01:38:17
How do you get the computer you use to connect to the full node on the Pi? Or do you need to to go onto the Pi to broadcast the tx?
@_date: 2018-09-17 12:49:55
Either I'm not understanding whats going on...which I doubt because tthe fundamentals are the same, or you're acting like a lot of people on this sub where Bitcoin is perfect and it has no faults.
Its not perfect, I get it, there's nothing wrong with that. 
Anyway, back to the question.


What is the purpose of having an end to end tunnel if there's no encryption...you can't even have have an end to end tunnel without encryption. The encryption is what makes the tunnel end to end. Without encryption you have a tunnel where anyone can poke through at any and various points throughout the tunnel. There is what confuses me about this. 
@_date: 2018-09-27 05:05:59
That is what the hidden service is for, and is created automatically according to this  ...or, it's created automatically if listen=1 ...although I have seen in my debug.log the creation of the hidden service with proxy= which sets listen=0 so I don't know if the doc is outdated.
Any way, even with the hidden service I am not getting any inbound connections. Do I have to post my hidden service online so people can connect to me or is Bitcoin supposed to do the discovery?
@_date: 2018-09-25 13:37:51
This is a great step in making ASICs more fair. If they come pre-installed with this then ever better!
@_date: 2018-09-25 00:57:27
This is exactly the issue I am talking about. This is not a suitable nor  sustainable solution. Why do I have to maintain two completely different sets of software just to try and use my full node? Not only that but electrum server is pretty demanding on a raspberry pi. 
This is like telling me to use electrum to generate bech32 addresses when I am running a full node because bitcoin-qt does not have support for it yet (just an example). Its the same reason segwit adoption got pushed back because exchanges, at least maybe Kraken, waited until core implemented official support for it.
With all of this in mind, the mobile wallet issue still remains, no electrum app on iOS and the android one has horrible reviews. So now, after having set up my own full node, AND electrum server, I need to use a mobile app that connects to another person's full node, defeating the entire purpose.
@_date: 2018-09-04 23:52:54
Why was P2EP not mentioned? I believe it was invented by Blockstream abut the idea could simply be turned into a BIP?
Here is some info on it:  it basically gets rid of the notion that an input belongs to the receiver/owner of an address...I think...because the sender can also somehow contribute inputs. I'm not exactly sure how it works or its feasible but one drawback like most privacy features is that its optional. Multiple people/wallets need to support the method.
@_date: 2018-09-24 04:18:33
It's not easy thing to do, although I think we can agree it will be much easier to implement an LTS 10 years from now as opposed to today. This is assuming Bitcoin gets more complete over time. We don't know how many hardforks will be present in the future, can we make any estimations for the close future? My understanding was schnorr was a hardfork but you are hinting the devs may have found a way to implement it via softfork. 
If we won't be expecting many hardforks, or may purposefully delay hardforks for things like code testing/review, bug squashing, etc. then I think an LTS would work. 


I am not sure what you mean, do you mean automatic upgrades? Like how Firefox/Chrome automatically download new updates? I thought about this as well, and it would be very useful, however, it brings the issue that a dev team may have too much control over the nodes, allowing them to "secretly" implement patches without node/user approval. What could be done is a type of update procedure like how linux package manager's work so that you do not need to wget or compile the latest version but instead have pre-built binaries that are signed and easy to update, but I don't think that is the main issue now?
@_date: 2018-09-27 04:44:08
This information clears up a lot.


So as you said, proxy= implies listen=0 and listen argument means "accept connections from outside", which are in fact inbound connections.
However, after reading your last paragraph. This is where I am confused again, let me demonstrate.




If I enable the proxy=  option, won't my inbound connections be limited from Tor as listen and discover get set to 0 when proxy is enabled? However, you also say (many sources as well) to use bind to only accept inbound connections from Tor. Am I right to be a bit confused by this? Aren't proxy= and bind= both limiting inbound connections from tor only? I think I got it! With proxy= enabled then listen and discover are set to 0 which means nodes won't be able to find me but if a node already knows about me they will be able to connect, even if they are on clearnet, whereas bind option wouldny allow them to connect if they knew my nose prior unless they are a hidden service?


I think this is not necessary anymore if I am not mistaken, according to a tutorial made by Jameson Lopp  I also recall seeing a hidden service address in my debug log....this is not really my concern right now though. I want to figure out exactly what all of these options mean, I think I understand the differences of proxy and bind for inbound connections but now I am confused by listen.
I also found the doc you mentioned,  did not know this existed.
Again where I am confused, the github doc mentions


However, you said to set listen=1 to allow inbound connections outside of Tor? Very confusing
@_date: 2018-09-21 14:53:47
Interesting, is there a way to remove that "extra" stuff or it has to stay in the node?
@_date: 2018-09-25 01:39:10


I knew this was coming up, its a cop out really because it silences me and assumes I can put out something with a short time frame. I understand there is a solution, I am not arguing there is no solution. I am arguing that the solution results in a scenario where people are less incentivized to actually utilize their full node or if you don't believe that then its simply downright cumbersome. After spending a bunch of time setting up bitcoind for the first time, I now need to go and learn how to set up electrum server, or electrumx, which is not the easiest thing to set  up. On top of that, I need to keep it up to date and EVEN THEN, after all of that work, when I go to use a mobile wallet there isn't even a reliable way to make the software use the full node I set up.
That's all I am saying. Other developers get the issue, a couple of guys working on another coin are making the software that will run on tiny Pi like device that sits next to a router that will run LIT and bitcoin, vertcoin, and litecoin pruned nodes and a complementary mobile app that allows you to connect the wallet to your pi device. This solves the issue of having to have your phone connected 24/7 or at least for a long frame of time, and the issue some lightning networks app have of not being able to receive any payments (only send out). Well, I guess someone is already working on it, I will just wait on them then. It also makes it really easy for anyone to use LN both at home and on the go.
@_date: 2018-09-19 01:03:49
Guess that is my solution, will try it. Thanks.
@_date: 2018-09-24 23:47:45
So did you guys watch the video instead of reading the paper?
The twitter link is under 
@_date: 2018-09-12 20:52:13
I should have reworded, basically we know with Bitcoin there won't be ant new coins mined by 2140 or similar and so that means miners will be rewarded only through transaction fees. This was something I saw mentioned a lot "what will bitcoin do when there is no more reward and only transaction fees will pay miners". Its a fair point but they don't realize they're in the same fate. Not only thought...who wants an endless inflationary coin...unless..again...it isn't meant to be a store of value/used as money. I agree with your second paragraph and hope more people understand.
@_date: 2018-09-23 17:51:19
Am I the only person that can't find what OP posted in the source? 
@_date: 2018-09-24 03:53:15
That's the only reason this was posted here right? lol. Nobody knows
@_date: 2018-09-16 02:03:25
Why doesn't the oh so great, good, and in" the interests of the public", SEC/CFTC mandate that institutions offering ETFs for Bitcoin need to provide a way for investors to obtain the underlying asset?
That would be them using their regulatory power for something useful...for once.
@_date: 2018-09-03 00:54:04
What do you like about Cardano?
@_date: 2018-09-26 17:00:16
What are the differences between schnorr addresses and mast? If you happen to know.
@_date: 2018-09-19 16:02:56
I thought it was illegal to accept anything other than the national currency?
@_date: 2018-09-19 00:52:07
Hmm, know of any tutorials offhand? So basically you run two nodes but the client is running a pruned node just so it doesn't cause overhead? How do you connect it to the permanent node? Simple setting in bitcoin core? thanks
@_date: 2018-09-27 15:18:27
The altcoins that will survive will be compatible with BTC, the exchange would occur via atomic swap on the lightning network.
@_date: 2018-09-17 16:24:27
I think the article made it seem like it would solve both ISP and node snooping but instead it just makes it a bit harder for peer nodes connected to your node to figure out if a transaction is yours...unless you sending them a private tx automatically gives it away? Have to read the article again.
Its still better than the way it is now but I suspect tor will be required until something like BIP151 is implemented, although I think its been scrapped due to complexity, even then, BIP151 will not scramble your IP address which is the best case scenario so its almost a wasted effort. Devs should probably continue to tightly integrate Tor and encourage users to make onion service on their nodes to support both clearnet and tor. Ideally the for network would be the majority.
@_date: 2018-09-17 02:56:25
Okay sounds easy, however...if every .onion full node was set up like this (only connect to tor-only), would the transactions being broadcasted by .onion nodes never get sent to the clearnet nodes (theoretically at least)? 
In reality, we need only a few nodes to allow both types of connectivity. I guess that is the tradeoff with the current system, privacy or tx propogation. Thanks again for the replies.
@_date: 2018-09-19 01:21:14
That was what I was referring to, I didn't know it was patched already. That was quick.
@_date: 2018-09-22 02:18:27
How are they able to get a list of all of the bitcoin node available?
@_date: 2018-09-14 18:29:04


Isn't tthat really, really bad? Someone sends money onto LN, channel gets created and has the funds of the unconfirmed transaction. Meanwhile the user broadcasts another transaction with the same coins and sets a much higher fee so it gets included in a block faster than the first one. Guy buys something with LN and then when merchant tries to settle his LN funds back onto the main chain the money doesn't actually exist....
How and why are they allowing this?
@_date: 2018-09-18 05:44:47
The SEC should mandate institutions intending to offer ETFs must also provide a way for customers to obtain/exchange the real asset.
@_date: 2018-09-12 18:09:21
If you think about it, ethereum does not really have a "problem". If we compare Ethereum to Bitcoin it has many problems...but Ethereum is meant to be a platform to build smart contracts on, not money. This means the devs are willing to sacrifice any part of Ethereum to make sure it can continue to be used as a smart contract platform. Change the entire game theory (pow to pos)? Not a problem. Allow up to more than 100million coins to be produced? Not a problem. Have no clear end goal on supply? Again, not a problem. People are "investing" in Ethereum in the hopes it gains more value but its development model just proves otherwise, showing  its willing to sacrifice its fundamentals so that its utility is kept. They should be "investing" in Bitcoin instead if they expect their money to appreciate.
If Ethereum were meant to replace traditional money or be a store of value, then it certainly is fucked fundamentally. When Ethereum goes PoS it's annual inflation rate will be less than 1% (assuming around 500k ethereum reward every year according to vitalk). I'v seen seen posts saying how Ethereum will have a lower inflation rate than Bitcoin due to PoS but they are failing to realize it has about 5 times the supply of Bitcoin and due to the way "inflation" works, the reward stays constant but the total supply keeps increasing, reward / total supply will result in almost 0% annual reward/inflation which means they will suffer from rewarding people through transaction fees just like Bitcoin will, something they  like to tout Bitcoin will die because of.
Those are just some interesting notes I have made.
@_date: 2018-09-19 00:41:32
There are two different ways I could see what I want working.
You have a nowallet instance and a wallet-only instance. The blockchain, and private keys, are all stored on a low powered secure computer (rasbperry pi) and then the nowallet instance running on a desktop/laptop/phone can establish an SSH connection to the low powered machine and sign/broadcast transactions. OR just have the desktop/laptop/phone store the private keys but push broadcasting to the low powered machine. Maybe both use cases are possible.
@_date: 2018-09-24 22:12:19
I remember watching a presentation on Schnorr by Peter and thought he said a hard fork would be required and that's why he wanted to focus on schnorr and taproot than some other things, good to know it is a sotfork though.
The LTS solution seems like it would work but again...its kind of redundant. If someone purposefully downloads the LTS version they are hoping to have a "set it and forget it" type of node and probabaly will be very confused to find out they have to "update" their node...although with this particular method it seems it would be more like just flipping a setting?
@_date: 2018-09-26 16:57:44
Hey that's great, how did you find the proper "channels" to make the proposal? Its just a mailing list on some site?
@_date: 2018-09-19 19:03:01
Someone from Venezuela used to say the government didn't allow them to use anything but the bolivar or now the petro. Idk.
@_date: 2018-09-19 12:07:52
So I would say, with my limited knowledge, we HAVE to get the non-techies (those that will push usage to great numbers) to mostly be on the LN. We still have to be able to support the big load of people to get onto the LN...would it be possible for you to buy btc from a lightning network exchange? I guess you could...although making EVERYONE use LN would require teaching people you're not meant to store your entire savings.
I think if we have Litecoin to help it can be done better...maybe even Vertcoin to help as well but that then begs the question, are 3 PoW coins too much? Well we have 4 big PoW coins right now (BTC, LTC, BCH, ETH) and BCH idk what will happen but ETH will go PoS so VTC could replace it so I guess scaling may NOT BE a huge issue. Let's hope! 
@_date: 2018-09-19 00:24:47
It's obvious at this point you're not trying to help.
@_date: 2018-09-25 00:40:14
He's upset that not enough people are using their own full node but its incredibly cumbersome already and Core/other devs aren't doing a thing about it.
The main issue I've run into is easability and privacy. I can run bitcoin-qt on my main machine but that requires me to leave the machine running 24/7. My machine is a powerhouse so if I leave it on 24/7 my electricity bill would skyrocket. For privacy, I can have the node use tor and only use onion service. So, what's my next step? Well I take the bitcoin node off my main PC onto a raspberry pi. Perfect! Its a low powered device and I can buy a cjeao 2.5inch portable hard drive to store the blockchain...BUT WAIT..HOW AM I GOING TO USE IT TO MAKE PAYMENTS? I have to hook up a keyboard mouse and screen AND act like its my personal machine when it isn't. It is not feasible to browse the web and run a full node on an ARM device.
What's the solition? Allow an option in bitcoin-qt to be used as a client. Let the user connect to a remote full node that also runs bitcoind on another machine. This way I can keep the blockchain on a relatively insecure device and cheap low powered device like a Pi but then do all of my "shopping", including signing, on a secured machine. The only thing the bitcoin-qt software does in client mode is send the signed transaction to the remote node and the remote nose takes care of everything else.
Am I mad for wanting this? This also solves the issue of too many people using light clients. When I leave the house I can connect a light wallet straight to my full node, this is hard to do right now even with breadwallet because if my node max's out its connections I'm SOL. 
@_date: 2018-09-26 01:00:04
You've gone as opposite as possible.
@_date: 2018-09-15 14:56:23
You are better off downloading the blockchain on a computer and then sending the file to the Pi using rsync.
@_date: 2018-09-25 13:42:56
...if I could code what I wanted I wouldn't be here but I can't so I am instead just trying to spread the idea...in which the response I get is to just go use electrum server.
@_date: 2018-09-19 00:34:52


It's not weird, replace electrum with anything else and its still two pieces of software I have to maintain (keep up to date). I also do not trust other implementations/software the same way I trust bitcoin-core. So far, multibit is discontinued, Exodus is not open source (huge no no), Armory is not SPV...is there anything else good? Breadwallet is for mobile but there's no way to ensure you can connect to your own node as it may reach full capacity and breadwallet can't connect to it.
This is an obvious case that will be necessary in order for Bitcoin to be adopted more. I see various good use cases. 
I mean...you have to agree implementing something like this officially into core just makes it a lot easier...
@_date: 2018-09-23 22:15:16
Looks like it was an issue with Ubuntu...as always. I updated to latest 18.04 and simply added ControlPort 9051 and left everything else as default, basically the way the config is in OP and it worked right out of the box.
@_date: 2018-08-15 00:52:32
Should we not welcome ETFs with open arms as another test for Bitcoin? If Bitcoin can survive a competing clash fork, futures, and ETFs...it will show people it can live up to its original purpose.
@_date: 2018-09-23 16:27:29
Tried that but it did not seem to have any effect. 
@_date: 2018-09-07 23:17:47
I don't know what you're talking about, "tax max 100% of GDP"...I don't think you know what you're saying. I am not expert either but that does not make any sense at all. The US gets its money from taxes, when those aren't enough they sell securities to other countries and banks. The US is already doing this and is operating at a deficit so I guess what you meant by "tax max 100% of GDP" was tax even more? Sure but I don't think you can tax anymore without making the people broke and outraged.
The more the US borrows the more it will have to pay back in interest rates, if its get to the point where it is borrowing so much that it is economically unfeasible for them to ever pay back their debt then at some point they won't be able to borrow anymore, either because the government itself realize its futile or because other governments or commercial banks won't have faith in US debt, realizing the US won't be able to pay back their debts and will have to default. The world trusts in US debt moreso than any other country and that is why people still buy treasury bonds from them.
@_date: 2018-09-16 19:48:01
Right, if the .onion hidden services were only on the .hidden services then they would never be able to get the blockchain from the "clearnet" services? 
What is the main benefit from the .onion bitcoin nodes? I know in clearnet, ISPs can see you broadcasting onto the bitcoin network, .onion services would prevent that..right? I guess another benefit is that you do need to connect to tor exit nodes? Couldn't full nodes connected to other .onion nodes be given false blockchain information as there are only like 300 something nodes as opposed to 10k on clearnet? 
@_date: 2018-09-17 12:12:40
No no no.
The BSDs used to share Unix code but they've been built using their own code, basically following Unix code but they're own implementation. Each BSD is its own thing. Linux is made following the Unix design principles but not as close to as some of the BSDs, it is more close to a clone or Unix whereas BSD is a clone as well but more similar to a copy. You can run Ubuntu headless just like freebsd. Ubuntu is. abit easier to set up and use.  
@_date: 2018-09-19 01:19:07
I actually did not think of that but that would require me to use commands on bitcoin-core...although I think there is a way to use X applications with SSH.
Found this,  
@_date: 2018-08-01 11:56:06
I don't think so I think they just have different goals. You can add support for a LN compatible coin pretty easily for LND. The downside is it would require its own network. So each coin would have its own separate LN network and each network could be bridged when needing to do atomic swaps or something. One downside to LIT is that it is not BOLT compatible but you could say the same for BOLT compatible LN software as well in regards to LIT
Really its just different development/design model. Its up to the community what we want. I think the way LND/BOLT compatibility is doing it a very weird way and LIT theoretically should be a better solution. Time will tell. LIT isn't as close to being finished as LND which is expected as LND development is backed by a business while LIT is backed by volunteers.
However, you would think if a company spent all of this money developing a software they would want everyone to use it. Out of nowhere a new player comes to the scene that completely undermines you? I don't expect them to let LIT be used by majority without a fight (propaganda mostly).
@_date: 2018-08-28 05:46:28
What is the discussion even about then? If he sold and didn't tell then nobody would know and we wouldn't be having this discussion. This is the lamest response I've ever gotten.
@_date: 2018-08-19 22:18:55
Those unexpected updates will also be great way for your LN node to go offline!
@_date: 2018-08-09 20:12:58
I don't understand what your dilemma is, I have watched hearings from the SEC where they explicitly state Bitcoin is to be considered by them as a commodity while there are other coins that could be considered securities. The simple rule they are using, IIRC, was that if an entity/person is responsible in the value of the coin then it is considered a security. I can't really remember exactly, but in one of the hearings the chairman of the SEC explains it better.
EDIT: I think I understand what you mean. Right now, the SEC and CFTC can not regulate cryptocurrencies, well the SEC can regulate ICOs but the SEC and CFTC can not regulate cryptocurrencies. The exchanges have already applied for money transmitter licenses, which means they are trading currency...the cryptocurrencies being traded on exchanges in the US are considered currency I guess. 
@_date: 2018-08-06 15:30:28
Bitcoin won't fail, transaction fees were around $15 in December and everyone was still using it. We have segwit and lightning network now, and in the future will be getting Schnorr. I think we will be waiting another few years before a big run.
@_date: 2018-08-28 02:13:40
You realize he could've sold and not told anyone? Is that just not crossing your mind by any chance?
@_date: 2018-08-09 19:45:08
No it isn't. If you watch the last 5 or 6 hearings Congress men and women have stated they are afraid of it being used for money laundering/terrorism but they also think it is something revolutionary and that they need to give it some breathing room and not make any rushed regulation decisions because it is still so new. The panelists have told them this and those in Congress agree because the precedent was set with the Internet.
I implore you to watch some of the hearings, only one congressman, I believe Sherman, goes out of their way to knock cryptocurrencies.
Here is one: 
@_date: 2018-08-09 19:34:44


They would've stopped it by now, the IRS has already attempted with their horribly informed 2014 notice. As for Congress, they are giving it the same approach they gave to the internet. Congress seems more interested in regulating the exchanges, ICOs, or coins that are acting as securities.


Bitcoin is not anonymous and we are working on better ways to make it more anonymous. There's a post here on reddit from blockstream that proposes a method wallets can implement which gets rid of the idea that an input in a bitcoin transaction belongs only to one user. Lightning Network will also be practically anonymous.


Congress can supersede any government organization and they've been told time and time again from people they invite to their hearings that if they get the regulation wrong or the regulation poses too many restrictions they will simply kill the space and the industry will go to another country. Congress understands the genie is out of the bottle and the last thing they want to do is kill another potential job creator. 
@_date: 2018-08-27 16:43:53
Can you help explain this? Im looking at each individual market for BCH on coinmarketcap and it seems the highest market is Forex BCH/USDT which is not enough. Is that simply the reason why? Pretty incredible that Bitmain was this shortsighted.
@_date: 2018-08-11 04:01:31
I am not sure I understand, but to make sure I am clear what I am asking I would like to ask again and rephrase it a bit better. What is the chance that the transaction being broadcasted from my node is actually mine and not simply someone else's? Nodes broadcast transactions, thats the whole point they exist, I don't think they are picked geographically so isn't it a 50/50 chance that the transaction is mine or isn't? Couldn't my node be the one chosen to broadcast a random transaction first? Or because of you how say, transactions are flooded to peers, the likelihood of a transaction not being mine yet only found on my own node is low because of how the transactions  are flooded?
@_date: 2018-08-11 05:34:51
This is not what I am asking,
The question is in relation to the  idea that if a node or ISP is snooping/logging the transactions coming from your node and a transaction is available on your node but not on other nodes on the network, then assumption could be made that the transaction is yours as its only available on your node.
So my question is: What is the chance that the transaction being broadcasted from my node is actually mine and not simply someone else's?
@_date: 2018-09-08 02:08:07
Lol at them being complicated about submarine swaps. I keep seeing that notion on the sub, things are too complicated for them on "Bitcoin Core". They favor the "less complicated" way over the "complicated" way even though the stuff isn't any more complicated, its just because they lack the necessary background. This stuff isn't as complicated for any Computer Scientist or anyone who's done a bit amount of programming. Guess that goes to show what kind of people are hanging around Bitcoin Cash. These guys are tech illiterate and yet picking sides acting they know everything.
You have a group of smart dudes all vouching for Bitcoin and you have businessmen and scam artists vouching for Bitcoin Cash. And yet...people go the Bitcoin Cash side. lol.
@_date: 2018-08-31 05:01:25
First off I like the post, interesting ideas going on here.


What if it is a situation where another player gets in to rival Bitmain and demand starts to increase? Or are you saying that demand will be limited only to a few (but those few will have high demand for ASICS) because there are limited countries/places with cheap electricity? 
So in this instance, even if there were several companies in the space selling ASICs, there would be only a few buyers/miners due to lack of cheap electricity in most places but these few buyers/miners will have high demand for ASICs?
The third to last paragraph is where I am lost completely. I can not understand what exactly is being talked about. Why does an algorithm that only few can mine need to be created? Wouldn't this be worse than the situation we are in now? 
@_date: 2018-08-15 15:26:59
Does anyone have the presentation Vay's is talking about she and a group of others did before this interview?
@_date: 2018-08-27 19:45:31
So how much would be required? Twice the value you want to sell in volume? Is it a matter of just looking at the order books of each exchange?
@_date: 2018-08-09 19:40:12
@_date: 2018-08-30 05:32:09
Good thing Bitcoin isn't Proof of Stake. All the government would have to do is shut down the exchanges.
In all seriousness, PoS coins (eventually ethereum) will make it harder to penetrate poor countries or those without regulatory frameworks or cryptpcyrrency exchanges. I bet the argument for this will be "you can just mine bitcoin and trade to ethereum" oh the sweet irony.
@_date: 2018-09-17 11:55:55


I am afraid that if I allow both Tor and clearnet a transaction I upload may be broadcasted without going through Tor. Oh, I have just realized what you said 


I guess that solves it then. The only other "downside" to allowing clearnet through Tor, I guess, is the whole problem with the anti-dos functionality not working/potential attack vector that I have read about. I believe the attack vector involves blocking exit nodes which does not occur with onion service as exit nodes aren't used.
@_date: 2018-05-23 00:03:38
How can people lie about their income? Don't employers report income to the IRS? I know for contractors (1099) they file a 1099 with the IRS saying how much they've paid. Why would an employer lie about that? What would it benefit them? How would this change the system? Same thing with companies, don't companies have to list their revenues, expenses, and profits? How would they lie and then keep these records? Then what people say the IRS would do lifestyle audits?
@_date: 2018-08-11 12:39:13
I understand your point. My question is whether there will be some sort of easy reporting/tracking mechanism for atomic swaps, like exchanges give you a spreadsheet of your trades, so that you can report atomic swap transactions on taxes as crypto to crypto is taxed.
@_date: 2018-08-04 19:17:23
Agreed. This is also why Charlie Lee proposes Litecoin is the silver to the Bitcoin and will be the currency used for quicker, less important payments.
@_date: 2018-08-01 19:16:47
Did you bother to write coherently? There is no big advantage between LIT and BOLT specific LN, one makes more sense from a development and longevity standpoint. At this point, Bitcoin is supposed to remain decentralized, this means not sacrificing block size or block time and thus decentralization for speed and cheapness. We have litecoin and vertcoin for that, which have compromised a bit on security for cheapness and speed.
If the vision for Bitcoin to become a global payment system is to come through, then it will be in trouble. Back in December Bitcoin fees were over $5 whereas Litecoin fees were still in the cents and that is not anywhere near representative of a global payment system. People still need to get on and off the LN, those transactions will be cheaper on Litecoin. BOLT LN's are separate networks, which means liquidity would be split across two separate lightning networks. In what sense does that make when you could have a LN network that joins together several coins as one, pooling all of the liquidity into one big network?  It is incredibly stupid to do it by the BOLT spec. Interoperability between LIT and BOLT could be possible in the future, right now it is not being worked on as there is no desire.
@_date: 2018-08-07 20:55:59
I agree to an extent, Bitcoin would be worth more and be closer to being a well supported decentralized currency but can you imagine what the fee price would be if all of the transactions that are occurring on hundreds of different coins were instead all happening on Bitcoin? 
There would end up being a contender coin. It is a great thing Litecoin exists because its goal is to complement btc not challenge it. Litecoin already has a use case, the use case is not visible now but will be if Bitcoin becomes used as a global currency.
@_date: 2018-08-11 12:37:59
I still don't think it solves anything, if you perform the atomic swap and do not report it then when you decide to cash out for FIAT you can not A. Use your cost basis B. Show proof the coin wasn't traded.
The IRS will ask where you got these coins from, you would have to show from somewhere even if you put a $0 cost basis.
@_date: 2018-08-01 12:07:13
LIT is not proprietary...its open source software. It also is easier to add support. LIT is one big network that is multi-coin. LND or other BOLT compatible software require a separate network for each coin. So, to add support for a coin for LIT and for it to be on the same network as everyone else the code would need to be merged with the main LIT project. For BOLT compatible I believe you would fork the LND code to make it yours and add your own coin. 
So LIT maybe more permissioned...though you can fork LIT and add coin support and be on a separate network...being on a separated network though you may as well just go for BOLT compatibility. I don't really see it an issue, if people see the LIT maintainers as favorting some coins over others there wpuos be a fork and community would support another version
@_date: 2018-05-22 19:45:08
I've only listened to the first few minutes but what he is saying so far is true. Bitcoin/crypto is going to shift society drastically like the internet already has. You don't notice it from a now perspective but think about back then...how would you figure out how to go somewhere back then? You'd use a map, now you just put where you want to go and go. I would have to go on to explain it to you but if you just simply but two and two together and see how bitcoin gives people control once achieved and also never before achieved McAfee's idea isn't too far fetched, he shares the same ideas as Andreas except Andreas is more soft spoken. Imagine how the govt. would get taxes from businesses when there is no trace of the money? Sure they have bookkeeping but even with our bookkeeping and centralized system we still have companies commit "fraud" over and over, imagine with a system such as Bitcoin.  You would no longer need to sign up with a bank or cc company to shop online. Its a bunch of little things that add up and change the whole system. It is hard for me to explain to you and hard in general, that's why we only have a few speakers who can articulate what exactly is going on and where we may be heading in a way that we can understand.
@_date: 2018-05-23 00:00:33
Question in regards to McAfee's point about the govt. Not being able to tax. Do employers have to report how much they are paying their employees? I can't see a reason why a business would underreport the amount they are paying to an employee (unless the whole business is shady) so if someone who works for a business tries to claim to the IRS that they only made $10k, $40k (lower than actual), etc. Wouldnt the IRS know? Similarly, don't companies hiring contractors/paying 1099s have to report to the IRS how much they pay employees? Is McAfee saying the businesses wouldn't bother reporting that all anymore?
@_date: 2018-08-19 22:17:21
BTC dot com and Antpool bring new miners onto the network by simply not advertising they are the ones mining the blocks....isn't this entirely possible?
@_date: 2018-08-11 14:41:41
In order for an atomic swap to be performed the two chains have to be compatible or interoperable, on chain or offchain so couldn't one argue they are all one big protocol if they can be used across each other?
@_date: 2018-08-28 02:15:42
The success of Litecoin should not and does not depend on thr actions of Charlie Lee (excusable is his contributions of course). If it did, the project already failed. 
Thats the whole reason we don't know who Satoshi is or whether he is still around. 
Its actually a good test for Litecoin, no other cryptocurrency besides Bitcoin is as successful or close to as Bitcoin without there being any figure head. Charlie's goal is to eventually no longer be the figure head for Litecoin.
@_date: 2018-08-30 14:41:15
If bitcoin devs nd community took action early on to hardfork to a new algorithm and continued to do this whenever there appeared to be an ASIC on the network then they may have been able to stop this. Important is "May"
This is a very different kind of strategy then just leaving the coin as it is. The risk that hardforking so often could lead to Bitcoin's death is probably why it was never done in the first place. I sort of agree with it, its too difficult to guess what would have happened and its much easier to just let the space play itself out. If a harsfork was done now to render ASICs useless the network would be incredibly weak and I don't think a single block could be found for much more than 2 weeks.
Vertcoin is bitcoin-like but remains GPU minable and since its inception made it clear it will do everything possible to resist ASICs. I think its a good cause until Bitcoin ASICs become as common and fair as GPUs. The vertcoin dev team is working on an algorithm to make it much less profitable or not even possible for Nicebash to mine so as to help mitigate a 51% attack from nicehash. I forget how they're doing this but I think its going to require some type of extra hash. Even if this works this won't apply to bitcoin, I still wpuldnt recommend a hardfork to change algo, best hopeful solution is more companies start developing ASICs and sell them ethically which may bring down the price.
Although miuch to Ethereum's benefit that Bitcoin exists, it will be to Bitcoin's benefit until ASICs are cheap that Vertcoin exists.
@_date: 2018-08-09 20:24:36
What paper trail are you speaking of? If an employer pays their employee 50% through direct deposit and 50% through cash then there is no paper trail? Unless there is extra stuff that gets reported that I am not thinking of.
@_date: 2018-08-28 02:12:47
Is it really that difficult to think? Maybe its because he actively posts on social media...about the price and about encouraging people to buy or giving warnings that LTC could depreciate rapidly from a bull run. Its not hard to get the CFTC or SEC after you for being suspected in market manipulation or insider trading. I don't think we see CEOs talking about their stocks like Charlie talks about Litecoin.
Furthermore, just compare it to why Satoshi eventually left or never moved his funds while he was still around. Charlie lee's end goal for Litecoin is for it to no longer have a figure head. He's taking those steps.
@_date: 2018-08-11 12:05:38
So how come we have like 5 or 6 different people in all of these Congress hearings and they've all seemed to forgotten too mention this? Or make it a point that crypto to crypto is stifling the space? Seems to me they are being disingenious.
@_date: 2018-08-19 22:22:22
This is not it. Get your employer to pay you in Bitcoin.
If we can get it through people's heads that they essentially lose 3% of their income due to inflation then why not make it worthwhile and have 3% of their salary paid in Bitcoin instead of USD?
Employees will be happy as they will have hassle free investment money and employers can advertise this as an extra job "benefit".
After a couple of years employees may start asking for a larger percentage, 5%, 6% etc.
@_date: 2018-08-09 19:38:01
There is nothing stopping employers from sending out fake employee salary to the IRS. Employers and employees could be in cahoots and decide not to report all of an employee's income on a W2. The system works by trust. So even if we replace USD with Bitcoin, just like majority of employers are playing by the books with USD, they will play by the books with BTC. If they don't play by the books, its not because of BTC, they can very easily do that now.
@_date: 2018-08-01 12:12:36
Those other projects agreed to terms that were arbitrarly created by another project. If your project doesn't fit the BOLT specification then its excluded. How is this any different? The way LIT is doing the LN would not work under BOLT. The BOLT standard is not some universal open standard. The same goes for the LN. Do you know the creator of the LN whitepaoer is working on LIT...and not BOLT compatible LN software?
There is no need for the interoperability that you are seeking...LIT is multicoin the interoperability is built in. I think you are getting confused. You can have LIT and different wallets/node software just like you can have Bitcoin and different wallet/node software. The other software would just be targeting the LIT specification....
@_date: 2018-05-27 16:54:55
They were weird. Did you not see the response major media and late night hosts would say about the internet during its inception? They didn't see the purpose. The weird people saw its purpose and why it would take over. You think Congress created the internet? No, they hired the weirdos who would be willing to spend time writing code instead of being paid for a more social job. The people who were hired had passion for what they doing. Bill Gates, Steve jobs, all had a passion to get people to use this weird machine for everyone. They were considered the weirdos....the weirdos are simply a group of people that the majority have not aligned with. People in crypto are considered weird right now, just like people who use Linux instead of Windows are still considered "weird".
@_date: 2018-08-01 07:12:41
Merchant only accepts Bitcoin and you have no funds in your LN wallet. Wait 10min to send some funds or 2.5minutes and then have the money be converted to Bitocin when you go to pay without you doing anything extra.
...seems pretty useful to me. Sure this can be done with LND but it will be really cumbersome to not only run full nodes for each coin but separate LN instances as well.
If you don't see the point on some alts like litecoin then yes this is pointless. I think you should start taking different approach though and really consider that scenario I wrote.
@_date: 2018-05-23 15:41:54
Well that's true, whether good or bad we don't know yet. However, it seems bulletproofs are getting very efficient and may be implemented a few years from now. We have the LN as well, if LN becomes large enough (it should) we should be able to get our weekly salary with the LN...or maybe salaries would change from weekly to daily as bookkeeping software can be integrated with a LN app that the employer uses to automatically record who got paid, when, and what ampunt.
@_date: 2018-10-08 03:53:13
Reminds me of 
 Id just like to interject for a moment. What youre refering to as Linux, is in fact, GNU/LInux, or as Ive recently taken to calling it, GNU plus Linux. Linux is not an operating system unto itself, but rather another free component of a fully functioning GNU system made useful by the GNU corelibs, shell utilities and vital system components comprising a full OS as defined by POSIX.
Many computer users run a modified version of the GNU system every day, without realizing it. Through a peculiar turn of events, the version of GNU which is widely used today is often called Linux, and many of its users are not aware that it is basically the GNU system, developed by the GNU Project.
There really is a Linux, and these people are using it, but it is just a part of the system they use. Linux is the kernel: the program in the system that allocates the machines resources to the other programs that you run. The kernel is an essential part of an operating system, but useless by itself; it can only function in the context of a complete operating system. Linux is normally used in combination with the GNU operating system: the whole system is basically GNU with Linux added, or GNU/Linux. All the so-called Linux distributions are really distributions of GNU/Linux.
@_date: 2018-10-11 00:08:43
Something people aren't noticing is this will compete with other bitcoin legged "currencies". If a bank or government wants to make some paper or digitalderivative it will need to compete with liquid as well.
@_date: 2018-10-26 00:57:59
He probably means the tax laws will have changed...probably treated as currency as if it becomes big enough to buy big items with people would be using it not only as a store of value but to buy things as well.
@_date: 2018-10-15 19:42:51
The blockchain is just a fancy database. It should only be used if what you want to store has to be decentralized.
@_date: 2018-10-20 18:41:29
So are the bitcoin cash guys going to say Electrum founder is in cahoots with Blockstream too?
@_date: 2018-10-18 16:15:15
adoption takes time only if you're making progress, otherwise no adoption will happen. I'm pointing out my opinion and that its clearly a fault and needs to be improved on. I know it will with time but its good to let everyone else be aware.
@_date: 2018-10-29 22:36:52
Did I say otherwise? Did you not understand a word of what I am trying to say? Sure empty blocks are valid but if nobody is able to use Bitcoin for the sole purpose it was created (transmitting money) then its essentially failed.
They are choosing to exclude a random amount of segwit transactions and are just focusing on non-segwit or even just empty blocks because its a higher chance they find the next block and get the reward.
If blocks were set to something like 5mb or 32mb or 128mb now, it would destroy the fee market, make transactions incredibly cheap and segwit transactions even more so. Antpool would have a bigger incentive to continue just mining an empty block or with maybe a few tx. Having higher block sizes would exacerbate what Antpool is doing. Yes an empty block is still valid but you woiodnt start getting annoyed you need to wait 30min or an hour to actually transact? 
If we look long term around 2030 where the reward will only be around 1BTC per block and if block sizes are 128mb or some other ridiculous number then fees would also be incredibly low and mining could potentially become unprofitable.
@_date: 2018-10-29 20:06:26
If blocksize were practically unlimited or just very high (5MB is high as of now) then the fees would be completely negligible and they would have less repurcussions for doing what they are doing.
Alternatively, everyone using Segwit would give them no choice as well.
@_date: 2018-10-08 01:46:13
You are better off running Ubuntu in a VM on a more powerful PC and cross compiling for the Rpi3. There are instructions for this in the readme_Unix file for bitcoind on github. 
@_date: 2018-10-06 22:52:49
I have in fact not read the paper yet, I saw one comment and took it as truth. I should have read it instead of jumping to conclusions.
@_date: 2018-10-30 00:02:55
It would give them no choice is selecting segwit over non-segwit tx's as all tx's would be segwit. I wasn't referring to mining empty blocks vs blocks with tx's.
@_date: 2018-10-13 22:07:57
I would say if there is a crypto that is second class to security and decentralization it would be Litecoin...do you agree? No other crypto compares.
It really helped disproving Segwit myths and showed us the capability of atomic swaps and I expect it will continue to disprove myths and show the benefits from new software changes as it will implement BIPs much quicker and with less controversy than Bitcoin.
It's because LTC is somewhat valuable (was like $30 at the time of Segwit) and has a decently secured network and is decentralized that proved the point, otherwise we could just test the new features on testnet but the risks aren't there and so the same effect is generated.
@_date: 2018-10-04 19:40:29
How do you exchange for FIAT for profit or tax purposes then? You are and many others are hating for no reason.
Stop and think, how the hell can the IRS demand cash/FIAT payment for crypto purchases and gains when the exchanges aren't even regulated federally (simple money transmitter license at the state level). What happens if those exchanges disappear or you have no access to an exchange in the state you're in, SOL?
@_date: 2018-10-04 20:39:34
1.2K BTC might be a lot to you but may be chump change to someone else. I will gladly leave a wallet with $1 on my desk but not one with $10k.
You're talking about balancing a checkbook, if you have "invested" in BTC, a nice thing to do would be to exchange your initial investment to FIAT so you can use it for something that benefits you or put it into something less risky and leave the rest of the profits sitting there. In order for you to trade your initial investment you need to send it to an exchange, that could be the exact moment where an exchange locks your account and then when you try to get help from the community you get "dun dun dun this what happens when you keep your BTC on exchange!!".
I guarantee you I could have my BTC on the blockchain for 8 years and then moved some of it to an exchange to sell, had my account locked, and people would spew the same "shouldn't have kept it on an exchange".
@_date: 2018-10-10 05:34:12
Honest question, how can you have more sellers than buyers? In order to sell there needs to be a corresponding buy order? 
@_date: 2018-10-08 21:15:52
Nobody's perfect, let's be happy we have someone who is able to articulate themselves well, something I find I have trouble with when explaining Bitocin to people. Now I can friends and family this video.
@_date: 2018-10-18 16:13:57
Yeah so it was 24 hours and then when I thought I wouls get it in morning I ended up having to wait 2 more hours and it was lunch time by then. 
@_date: 2018-10-27 16:30:05
Depends what kind of cash it is. Gold usually reaches some kind if uptick temporarily so you could make some money by speculating and buying some gold if you think a recession will occur and that the FED will go do another round of QE.
@_date: 2018-10-18 22:47:13
I was just curious how many addresses it was. 
On bitinfocharts it shows there are only 939 addresses that have over $10mil USD. 
@_date: 2018-10-10 15:49:49
We already know this, what I never see discussions of is why. How in the world can China be leading mining development when the US is so "free" and "progressive"? 
I know its because electricity is cheaper there but why exactly? Are most miners using solar power? Cheap hydro power? Coal? What exactly? 
@_date: 2018-10-11 14:30:49
If the block time is 2min why not just use litecoin as a "sidechain"?
@_date: 2018-10-04 05:09:50


I find it quite sad that there is no mention of this on that thread. Not even about the FED. People are complaining about Presidents and Congress...we are a small group aren't we.
It's just so strange to see people arguing over trivial things that do not impact the economy and instead stare blankly in regards to the FED.
@_date: 2018-10-05 17:41:03
Its still crazy to think that 1BTC is over $6k, that's essentially a used car. Since it lost so much in value the naysayers say "it went from $20k all the way to $6k" completely obvlivious to the fact that this thing is still worth six..thousand...dollars.
There was a post here a few months ago joking about how mainstream media will say bitcoin is dead when it goes from $100k to $25k.
@_date: 2018-10-10 22:21:59
Right, completely forgot about their economics. Cheap labor means cheap everything, I guess. Good response!
@_date: 2018-10-27 06:03:26
So its blockchain not bitcoin, has no real value,  not government endorsed, will fail, made a bunch of nerds that live in their mom's basement insanely rich.
...but if you own some and use it to buy something else and its appreciated or you just convert it and appreciate it SOME OF THAT BELONGS TO THE GOVERNMENT. 
IRS labelling crypto as property without asking anyone is simply a way to attack bitcoin and prevent its progress. I'm almost sure nobody in Congress would agree it is realistic for someone to report every single transaction.
@_date: 2018-10-12 23:43:21
The solution is pretty simple. Make it easier to start mining businesses. that requires work and thinking, and actually encourage the system that's meant to remvoe some of their own power so it probably won't happen.
The common folk would probably complain they're just giving tax cuts to the rich anyway.
@_date: 2018-10-06 00:45:00
Intersting, so do you think the incentive is try and hike fees? I have seen some people talk about that.
@_date: 2018-10-06 15:04:39
Oh shit that's a good one!
@_date: 2018-10-25 21:37:21
None exist but let's imagine USD was backed by gold, would Bitcoin still be worth over $6k? Would it be less? more? 
@_date: 2018-10-10 13:02:19
Its called Bitcoin
@_date: 2018-10-05 17:39:34
It's like theyve gone back to pre-Bitcoin existing...it wasn't even that long ago.
@_date: 2018-10-30 03:37:43
Oh lord I've been reading your replies and this takes the cake. Obvious troll
@_date: 2018-10-05 22:38:15
This is sort of unrelated but this makes it clear that the extra time it takes to include transactions is SIGNIFICANT enough for Antpool to rather just mine a full block with empty transactions and miss out on the extra fees.
Then you have Roger saying the network can handle 32mb blocks or more as hardware will become cheaper. speeds faster, etc.
I know the comparison is not a 1:1 but if the bandwidth of all bitcoin nodes were much greater, Antpool would have no need to do this, right?
@_date: 2018-10-05 05:22:41
The 0.28 assumes 21million coins, in reality its something like 20,999,885 or something, minus around 600k-700k from Satoshis coins and maybe 1million coins lost forever.  Figure becomes around 19,345,885 ...I was being generous with the 1mil lost coins, estimates are as high as 3million
The figure also doesn't account for population growth, it assumed 7.5billion population for simplicity. 
With the adjustment I made the figure goes down to 0.25 that 0.22 was probably accounting with 3million coins lost instead of 1mil. Even so, if you account for population growth to be 8.6billion by 2030 and use my adjustments it comes out to 0.22
@_date: 2018-10-19 23:19:48
Or SegWit coin. Literally, any type of patch can be given some kind of name. There are all sorts of interesting tricks you need to do to write good code and of course they don't understand that but it also does not help when you give it a name that sounds so strange.
Another type of change already written is BIP0156 or dandelion protocol, I think its great in what it actually does, but its going to cause another "oh mah gawdd core is trying to change bitcoin again!". It's so strange but they take the definition of Bitcoin as only what it was at that current point in time, which is true, the "real" bitcoin is the bitcoin executable/source first released by Satoshi but this is software...so changes have to and will be made, the principles are still there so its still Bitcoin. Like Charlie Lee once said debating Roger Ver, if Bitcoin gets a complete revamp to Mimblewimble it will still be Bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-10-27 16:18:29
What? The price of gold reached a peak of $978/oz in 2008 and then dropped for a couple months and reached $978/oz in 2009 and continued to go up afterwards. It got dumped literally for 4-5months or so. In 2011 gold price went up again because the FED performed another round of QE.
The FED has been performing QT since last year I believe, they're expected to raise a little bit again by end of 2018 and I think may increase in 2019 but by 2020 I believe I read somewhere they will go back to QE. Expect price of gold (and probably bitcoin) to go up again when the FED performs another round of QE
Please let me know if you've read of any dates, I can't remember where I heard those numbers but I know the FED said it wouldn't be doing QT for a long time. Those dates for QE are also assuming the hikes they introduce between now and 2019 don't cause a recession, if a recession happens then QE will be performed right as that recession occurs to try and "stimulate" the economy...but then the realization is....we can't increase the interest rates because it keeps a causing a recession...we are forced to continue to perform rounds of QT and then QE just as a means of reloasing the gun. So either in the next 20-30 years, a big recession occurs (no QE during the recession which I doubt the FED will do) or we will be constantly performing rounds of QE which means inflation actually can't be controlled and big inflation amounts will occur.
@_date: 2018-10-08 21:18:46
Why didn't you go on? 
@_date: 2018-10-29 20:10:19
Awesome stuff. If someone can successfully time the market during a recession they can make big...if you get in early on the next crash and hold for 10-15 years you can make a lot of money. 
@_date: 2018-10-02 12:52:48
Why stop at 2015? I'm guessing  2014 and 2013 don't make the rest look good?
@_date: 2018-10-12 19:05:01
The double spend can be mitigated by requiring lots of confirmations right? So I guess that is why he did not mention it. If everyone requires 6 confirmations then the first transaction that the miner tries to double spend will have to go through 6 or 7 confirmations making it more costly?
If the US govt really cares about bitcoin they should start figuring out what they can do to make it easier for businesses/people to start mining bitcoin at home. If the US government isn't doing it secretly already.
@_date: 2018-10-04 20:43:27
Roger's argument was strange because Charlie was explaining its a work in progress, meaning the codebase itself, not the amount of users and merchants is a work in progress.
Nonetheless, Charlie made a bet with him that he already won.
@_date: 2018-10-28 16:27:54
Please show me a chart or something because from what I've seen this is not true? Gold performed pretty well, idk if worse or better than stocks but I'm not saying stocks were bad either.
@_date: 2018-10-22 05:08:33
Although not good at a local level as the government basically helped this comoany become a monopoly (future companies that want to compete should also get $500k?) they will make Bitmain and other Chinese miners share some of the pie.
@_date: 2018-10-19 06:04:45
Not only that but it also makes it easier to "miscalculate" business revenue.
@_date: 2018-10-30 20:43:08
Whenever you need your rights the most, the government takes it away. When they switched out of tr gold standard they made holding gold illegal and required you to trade it in for dollars. Can't have someone successful or doing well without the government's involvement now can we? That would weaken tbei power, make their legislations less enforceable. Same reason many towns/cities make it illegal for you to collect rain water on your own property.
If your rights can be taken away, they're not rights privileges.
@_date: 2018-10-05 22:44:59
The fee reward is only about 0.1539 according to bitinfocharts, which is about $1k...so I guess its a decent amount.
However, by not having to take the time to validate transactions and wait for them be received the miner potentially has a few mseconds or seconds to find the block before others with similar hashrate?
@_date: 2018-10-10 23:18:47
What do you mean by 'as the collapse occurs paper manipulation of precious metals end'? Are you referring to USD collapsing? Couldn't the government just launch yet another USD...or  how would that work? They would have to set an exchange rate between the old USD and new USD?
@_date: 2018-10-18 22:07:29
How much is 4.11% of addresses?
@_date: 2018-10-12 21:45:50
What if we used gold instead of a paper derivative? Of course, gold is heavy, hard to carry around or be digitized. Enter Bitcoin.
Would the effects of using a paper derivative be the same if we just used the commodity itself? Whenever there were recessions the paper derivative lost value but gold remained the same or more valuable at least when compared to the paper derivative?
@_date: 2018-10-03 19:56:28
I suspect a few more years from now only technical users will know if they are using LN or not because wallet UI/UX will end up rebranding it to something like "Cold wallet" and "Hot wallet" or when performing a transaction there will be an option to select whether a transaction is important/requires security, or maybe over a certain BTC amount.
@_date: 2018-10-05 22:40:51


Guess someone felt that Roger got burned by Charlie /s
Ive watched one of Roger's videos and he went onto blockchain.info and boasted how the Bitcoin network only had 1MB blocksizes still whereas Bitcoin Cash had more, which he tried insuating more people were using bitcoin cash, and that it could scale more. He either completely ignored or doesn't know that with segwit addresses the measurement is block weight and not size anymore. So...there goes that. Come to think  of it....Segwit was a scaling solution but had to be done in such a "strange" way so that it could be implemented without requiring a hard fork. I bet bitcoin cashers still don't understand that either.
@_date: 2018-10-09 21:05:47
9/10 businesses don't need an ICO to do what they want, its just a money grab. 
@_date: 2018-10-05 22:40:01
I've found this stackexchange question going all the way back to 2016 so it seems like its something they do every once in a while
Guess someone is trying to make another debate.
@_date: 2018-10-19 13:06:45
Very good post. I think what ultimately will happen is they will use the fact they offer customer services and means of payment and is what makes Bitcoin valuable. The dev team need to be willing to give them the finger and continue with updates without their approval. 
I think the devs should see how the linux kernel gets maintained to get some ideas (if they haven't already) but this is money so the scrutiny is even higher.
On another note, I think the team should stop coming out with names for certain upgrades. Because non techies can't understand the simplest of things, they thought the SegWit update was some kind of strange non bitcoin addition and made it no longer bitcoin because it wasn't in the white paper. They don't realize Bitcoin is what you call it/what people agree it is, it could no longer use a blockchain and still be Bitcoin if everyone thinks its Bitcoin. They should have everything named as a BIP, security fixes as well. Security fixes also should not be overhyped, especially considering coins like Litecoin won't get a fair chance to incorporate the fixes in time if the bitcoin devs just let it all out.
@_date: 2018-10-06 01:24:15
Seriously, look up the definition on google. Charlie said its a financial term and roger says its an economic term. There are different definitions.
@_date: 2018-10-20 14:41:45
I wonder who they hired to do such a thing. Mustve been the soldiers, not the people who studied math and physics which would be considered "nerds".
@_date: 2018-10-06 14:50:18
Is this guy on the dev team? I think if the halving or anything with supply gets changed Bitcoin itself will be destroyed...that's something you just can't change. If you set the precedent to change it once, everyone or maybe most, will lose faith in it.
In regards to the "event", I don't know how other alts will handle it but I think Bitcoin has a pretty decent chance at being sustainable just on fees, the reward is already around $1k. It costs around $4k to mine a block so it has to go up a tad more. However, if you do what the guy is proposing and raise the block size then of course fees will be too low and then the "event" will happen, maybe that's why he wants to change supply as he also wants to change the block size. 
What you have to think about is if the fees become too low as a result of block size increase, then how much reward do you need to keep giving? It will be so much that bitcoin would end up being inflationary. Failed project.
@_date: 2018-10-11 01:51:55
its really difficult to try and imagine, what about the miners? How much would it cost them to mine?
@_date: 2018-10-18 00:23:59
I ran into this exact issue a few days ago, it took about 2 hours to get funds back from a force close. I wouldn't need to force close if my utility company or grocery store or movie store or something accepted BTC LN payments though. A catch 22.
@_date: 2018-10-31 12:22:04
Have you not heard of quantitative easing? They don't actually print cash but when they buy up bonds they're essentially generating money out of thin air. The president can not control the FED, just like Congress can't.


How do you think they lower it? They just write on a piece of paper or a computer that it should be from 3% to 2%? They buy bonds and other srcuritires to manipulate the rates. That's what people mean by "printing money".. The fed lowers the fed funds rate using open market policy.


The fact that you listed fed funds rate and open market policy as two separate things means you don't know jack shit about what you're saying. Why do you post misinformation?
The biggest scam in history has not lifted the nation. People are still jobless, they aren't on the unemployment because the unemployment only tracks people who are employed and then voluntarily filed for unemployment. If you aren't employed you don't count as unemployed. Full time jobs have been moving to part time jobs...the list goes on.
@_date: 2018-10-06 15:03:27
He is afraid of the "event" happening so he wants to change the supply, okay fine. However, he also wants to change the block size limit.
So...he either wants to increase the supply to avoid the "event" (relying only on fees after all BTC have been mined) or he wants to raise the block size which will require changing the supply because otherwise the fees will be incredibly low and never be enough to cover the cost of mining. How many extra BTC would need to make up for that? So much that it would end up having a significant inflationary effect. If bitcoin becomes inflationary it honestly failed as a project. 
@_date: 2018-10-09 13:32:46
But I thought nobody uses LN /s
@_date: 2018-10-20 14:48:12
The BOLT spec is garbage, IMO. It doesn't make any sense to run a separate lightning network for each coin. The LIT specification is one multicoin lightning network.
The  reality is that Bitcoin is better to hoard and save and Litecoin to spend, Charlie Lee when debating with roger even said he could see a time where Bitcoin fees are normally $1 or more. This is because Bitcoin is meant to be kept decentralized and secure which means long block times and low block size. Litecoin will be decentralized and secure too, but it will be the coin to increase the bkock size a bit so that Bitcoin never gets compromised. Now you add LIT Lightning Network to Bitcoin which gives it compatibility with other coins and you can pay someone who accepts only Litecoin when you only have Bitcoin because an atomic swap will be performed automatically to complete the transaction. The average Joe using LN won't even know that the software did the switch for them in the background.
To further clarify, with LIT you run one LN daemon and all of the coins liquidity is put into one network. Whereas with BOLT, you would need to run a separate LN daemon for each coin and the liquidity would be completely broken apart between different networks.
@_date: 2018-06-21 01:56:53
How does this help exactly? It will only connect from computers using .onion? Bitcoin has that implemented? Will it only accept connections from .onion computers or something?
@_date: 2018-06-09 19:45:46
Good answer, I wasn't 100% sure if an ISP could perform such an "attack" and just wanted clarification. If you see though, most of the comments are not trying to address my question but instead point me on the right direction how its very unlikely an ISP would do that or there are ways around it. I know there are ways around it I know it is highly unlikely but the fact that these guys seem like they are trying to hide that "vulnerability" so to say, is pretty scary. 
@_date: 2018-06-09 19:46:23
That's a really smart and good workarpund.
@_date: 2018-06-26 00:16:00


Him. Luckily the internet is decentralized.....just like Bitcoin....wait a second....
@_date: 2018-06-09 19:52:17
I mean...the masters of the internet are the internet service providers. The FCC is in charge of "regulating" the internet as it's been classified under one of the communications act and recently the FCC repealed that which let's ISPs do whatever they want with their 'gates'. Right now its up to individual states to create their own net neutrality like regulation. Otherwise, ISPs could censor bitcoin transactions/drop packets that look like bitcoin, the only viable solution would be to use a VPN from another country but then maybe your ISP can even block those due to "suspicious activity" (how many average internet users do you think use a VPN outside of the country? It will be easy to spot and it could be considered suspicious).
@_date: 2018-11-15 22:18:05
Its a cash vs securities swap, last I remember the FED is a government organization and doesn't generate revenue by taxes...so I'm guessing they just have a nice digital ledger to "make" the money.
@_date: 2018-11-23 18:55:00
I am not talking about mining, I meant just being a full node. I think last time I tried it just wouldn't sync, it would get stuck, maybe I did not wait enough time.
@_date: 2018-11-11 15:47:34
Its $400k. You need to at least take out $100k for safeguarding retirement or$50k for rainy day or something.
@_date: 2018-11-08 01:58:56
I think it should be noted it only makes it harder to triangulate from other nodes. This still does not solve the issue of a man in the middle, like an ISP, from figuring out if a tx coming from your node is yours or not.
Although, legally, it may set a precedent where you can deduce a tx coming from a node was originated from that node because all nodes pass a tx a few times before broadcasting.
@_date: 2018-11-03 18:16:41
Invest in cryptography?
@_date: 2018-11-27 14:19:06
What if they just buy OTC like we keep hearing is going on?
@_date: 2018-11-10 02:39:00
I'll give that a shot, thanks!
@_date: 2018-11-25 16:39:19
Looks like there is a decent correlation, if we take out the gold prices between 2010 and 2012 as that may have been FOMO and a bubble. If we look here we see steady increase in supply  
Gold price went down dramatically between 2013 and 2015 but annual production did not change, but I think thats because gold price was in a bubble between 2010 and 2013. The price has gone up overral since 2010 and supply as well.
@_date: 2018-11-16 05:50:07
I should have clarified, hyperinflation. We've had interest rates higher than 0% and still had 2% inflation, there is no need to go to 0% to have their targeted 2 or 3% annual inflation. If the only reason the FED went desperate for 0% interest rates was to save the economy from the crisis and we go back to it that means they are trying to save the economy again...right?...but the economy was supposed to have recovered many years ago...which means it didn't actually recover and we are stuck with constant rounds of brief 2-3% interest rates followed by 0% which could lead to hyperinflation or stagflation once people start seeing that there is no "recovery". Either the FED will continue to do this, maybe even negative interest rates, or let interest rates rise to something crazy like 20% in the 1980s. That is probably what we need but would be devastating.
@_date: 2018-11-29 23:07:33
People like to believe the government is immune to basic economics.
@_date: 2018-11-08 21:11:53
Yeah that works pretty well but you still need your node or someone else's to be connected to both tor and clearnet otherwise you isolate yourself. If you make your own node open to both tor and clearnet then it defeats the purpose. 
A possible solution is to have the packets encrypted and then decrypted by each node...however...if the ISP is also running a node it could just decrypt the transaction and look at it. 
Hmm, I guess tor is the solution but we need to have people with nodes that are both tor and clearnet but that means they may not use their own node for transacting as the privacy is gone.
@_date: 2018-11-06 17:32:59
It's basically free money, we saw it with Litecoin Cash. It was worth like $0.90-$1 and your coin supply was multiplied by 10. If you had 1000 Litecoin, then  on litecoin cash you had 10,000LTC and multiply that by $0.9 and you get $9k for free.
@_date: 2018-11-23 06:08:28
I didn't understand what you meant...at the point nobody would use crypto....or people would just Monero, which is minable via GPUs still, just like Vertcoin (not right now ATM, algo change in a few months) and then convert to BTC or something. It's not ideal or easy but there is still a fighting chance right? Monero would probably just be deemed illegal...right? Whether or not that is enforceable is another story. There would have to be some country that would not make crypto's illegal and the exchange would be there. They would get all of the customers flocking to them.
@_date: 2018-11-06 14:56:34
Do you happen to have similar data but when BTC was worth $2k in Aug. 2017?
@_date: 2018-11-23 15:15:57
Hmm, I think the Pi can do it maybe. You can overclock the Pi pretty significantly if I remember correctly without damaging anything. 
What OP should do is plug the 500gb drive in a PC, download the blockchain on a PC and then move it into the Pi. The Pi probably can't handle doing the initial sync, but after it gets everything its pretty fine.
@_date: 2018-11-05 05:04:54
We need more secure phones and computers. There is great progress on the computer side with libre machines compatible with libreboot but phones need A LOT of work!
People never gave a rat's ass about Windows being a security nightmare and Windows 10 being a privacy nightmare...but when crypto started getting popular people ran for the hills away from Windows and for a safe haven, for Linux (and BSD) which they used to call useless and claimed was worse than Windows. How the tables have turned, hey?
Only now do SOME see the benefit of Linux and other open systems. Once they realize that we may be transitioning to a form of digital money they really start to admire the fact that other people much smarter than them thought ahead and created and continue to work on these systems. However, you will still find people saying Linux sucks or even that Bitcoin sucks and thus further negate any usefulness for Linux and other open systems.
@_date: 2018-11-29 22:33:36
Seems to me you don't have a Coinbase account (probably going to tell me youd never sign up on a con company's website) because you keep asking for me and others to show you whether it can be done. 
How can you claim something doesn't have X when you personally haven't even tried it?
@_date: 2018-11-10 15:46:56
They wwanted to overthrow Bitcoin. Its been a year and it hasn't worked so what are they going go do? Stop? They're going to go more aggressive I guess. The dilemma Bitcoin Cash has is that if it isn't in the white paper it can't be added to Bitcoin. The white paper is just a representation of the current software implementation, I wouldn't say it was the full spec, especially how I think Satoshi mentioned second layer solutions, or if not that, multi party signatures, escrows, etc but those werent in the white paper because it didn't exist yet.
I wonder if from the launch of SV, bitocin cash will change algorithms so as to not be attacked.. When roger debated Charlie he had a list of what made Bitocin Bitcoin and he had listed SHA256 there. 
@_date: 2018-11-13 14:55:43
QE is a massive printing press. The FED buys all sorts of securities from the banks, so the banks give a security for cash. Bank gets a bunch more cash than before, they have more money to make more loans, making loan is cheap and thus interest rates are also cheaper on the loans. More people take out loans for whatever reason and you have more USD circulating. The FED can  and does buy up specific stocks and bonds, the banks can and does buy stocks and bonds and only use a percentage of the new money for loans.
Gold and silver and other PMs skyrocketing in 2011 from the fear and result of QE. Central banks also buy gold though. Anything priced in dollars will inflate in price if each individual dollar is less valuable as a result of there being more of them. Same reason house prices have appreciated to ridiculous numbers, besides the fact there is limited housing.
@_date: 2018-11-16 13:19:46
That's a nice way to really wrap it all in an understandable manner, I still feel like 0% interest rates are "unconventional" I dont think in the history of the FED we have eve rhad interest rates that low, lowest was 1% or maybe 0.6% or something, I may be wrong thouhh, have to check the charts. I think you agree with me its not "normal" but there is reason to do it because of the way things have played out, I just feel it should've never been done in the first place.
I also agree that financing economic growth through saving is much healthier, I mean, parents tell their kids all the time "save your money". I remember whenebr I wanted to spend my money in piggy bank that's what I was told, maybe they should've put it in some stocks for me though. Anyway, everywhere you go people tell you not to put yourself into debt but people do the opposite. The government isn't immune to basic economics but because they can collect and borrow almost infinitely as they have a monopoly credit rating, it goes on far longer.
I really like this comment, the FED really doesn't have levers to improve the economy. Private businesses doing well and employing people are what help the economy, if there's too much regulation, cost of employing, or inability for businesses to save and make loans (can't compete with government, why would anyone get a loan from a company and not the bank?) then they won't be able to survive.
@_date: 2018-11-11 15:38:16
DONT FORGET TO SET ASIDE MONEY FOR TAXES.
Don't buy a Tesla bro, at least not now. The money you spend to buy a Tesla you could buy 3 or 4 completely different cars throughout several years or invest it and buy TWO teslas after 8-10 years. If you're buying the model 3, the one that's $35k then okay, but if you're gonna get the $100k...please reconsider.
Lots of people are expecting a recession, but nobody really knows what will happen. Rather than buy stocks, open an IRA (this is for retirement so you're not really supposed to pull out the money you put into this until you rretire, otherwise you pay a fee) at Vanguard and allocate your money, into a Vanguard Index 500 fund (this is basically a diversified stock fund), international fund (international stock markets), and some type of bond fund. I would say if you're putting $100k put like 50% in stocks, 30% in internstjonal, and 20% bonds.  
If you want to further diversify, instead of $100k in the IRA, do $85k and then use $15k to buy gold stocks and physical gold/silver. The gold stocks are basically stocks from gold companies, you can open an account at Schwab. Physical gold and silver coins (bullion) can be bought and sold at APMEX. 
The idea here is the FED has raised the interest rates and are going to lower them again and go back to quantitative easing, this means there will be a larger supply of money with which devalue the dollar and thus cause anything priced in it to go up as you need more dollars to buy that product/item
 This means all types of assets will go up, theoretically, gold and silver. Stocks as well. 
You could also even take some more risk and buy up some Litecoin. The halving is coming in 2019 and that could make it more valuable, maybe to $100....although you're best sticking with Bitocin and following what I posted above.
@_date: 2018-11-21 19:22:57
Guess it just shows how little energy supply they have. Wonder why.
@_date: 2018-11-10 15:51:20
Regular or multi signature transactions?
@_date: 2018-11-07 18:48:33
Not only is that kind of dumb to do but it means Bitcoin is not as fungible as it could be.
@_date: 2018-11-30 03:02:42
I dont know how they're implementing it but I can log into Coinbase and send my bitcoin to a bc1 address. I have en electrum wallet using segwit, I have had coins in my coinbase wallet sent to electrum. I have also sent from my electrum wallet into Coinbase. If you're willing to wait like a month or two I may make a buy of $2 or something and I'll post the tx id.
If they're doing some shady way to implement this...I have no clue but why would they do it in a shady way when the code is already in place to do it the "right" way? Even if they're using an intermediary they are still "supporting" the feature?
@_date: 2018-11-29 21:58:45
Yes they do, since like last March or something. I have sent from coinbase to a bc1 address and from my wallet to Coinbase via bc1 which means they implemented segwit. Unless you're talking about something else?
@_date: 2018-11-29 22:45:00
I don't have to prove anything to you, I checked myself and it shows from Coinbase a bc1 address and to another bc1 address (my own). I don't want to expose my address so I am not going to show, unless I make another buy that goes to a garbage address.
I also still get the feeling even if I proved myself right you would deny it because you've dug your hole too deep.
@_date: 2018-11-06 14:59:15
On Bitcoin Cash, Craig is trying to hijack and force an incompatible client to be used the majority which will fork the chain. Its not a traditional hard fork because there will only be one winner (unless they decide to actually fork off) but most people probably dont understand and think they will get double their coins.
@_date: 2018-11-11 05:08:35
That's actually very smart.
@_date: 2018-11-09 20:00:32
I happen to have already come across this, I appreciate it but do you happen to know anyone who can help answer this? Also, if you make your node connect only to Tor onion services then that exploit does not work.
@_date: 2018-11-12 22:38:00


Halvings have never been princed in in the past. Usually after about a year from the halving, the price goes up.


This is what I thought...but thus contradicts your earlier sentence. Which is it? If it takes about 6-8 months then that means 6-8 months AFTER the halving. So how can it get priced in December of 2019?
@_date: 2018-11-20 17:00:30
They made 3 points but missed the main one. .
Its not as verifiable.
With Bitcoin, everything can be verified as everything is in plaintext. If someone finds some way to double spend coins you will see it. If someone finds a way to make more than the max amount of coins, you can see that. I think Monero it is a bit more difficult or not completely possible to see if someone generated more coins than they were supposed to have.
@_date: 2018-11-16 04:50:47
This works but i can't understand all of it.
So the reward is 625000000 instead of 6.25 which I agree it works, I just don't understand why (I see you divide by the necessary numbers to bring it back to 6.25). I also see that 
     annualcoins = reward * 52500 
works but I also do not understand where 52500 is from? I know 144 blocks a day, times 365 is 52560 and but I think you mentioned 60 extra blocks, so how else do you calculate 52500? Is it because its 10min on average and not every time?
@_date: 2018-11-10 18:42:51
Its a feature :)
@_date: 2018-11-25 20:14:27
Baby steps.
@_date: 2018-11-23 05:26:42
If you want to use Bitcoin, buy Litecoin from the centralized exchange, perform an atomic swap with Bitcoin. Vice versa.
Hopefully that will be good enough...
@_date: 2018-11-08 21:05:59
II just checked out the sub and there's a post about Craig and what he's doing as another attack by Blockstream, just in disguise. I mean come on, anyone who is doing something different from Bitcoin Cash is part of blockstream? Why believe that weird conspiracy instead of just a random guy that's trying to get power? I guess because it would be too similar to what Bitcoin Cash is?
How are they going to explain Charlie Lee? Is he also part of block stream? What about all of the Vertcoin developers? Are they ALL in cahoots as well? What about all of the students at MIT working on the LIT Lightning Network, are they all colluding with blockstream too? Seriously its so strange.
@_date: 2018-11-17 01:32:50
What about the 


@_date: 2018-11-11 21:02:41
EDIT: I try to explain but nobody cares. I put it at the end for christ sake, if I was shilling I wouldn't have said any of the post above. Nobody has an issue with putting money in precious metals? How do you know if I am not a precious metal shill? I mentioned Vanguard, how do you know if I don't work for Vanguard?
Given my name I would've shilled Vertcoin. The last paragraph was intended if he wanted to diversify into the cryptomarket for a quick gain, highly risky, but I just presented the option anyway. The only coin that actually has value (IMO) besides Bitcoin is Litecoin, and with the halving in August of 2019 you can take a gamble and set aside some money, put it into Litecoin, and see if you can make a profit after the halving. I mentioned at the end, he's best just staying in Bitcoin and following the other advice.
Just trying to give people as many options as I could think.
@_date: 2018-11-20 17:13:09
If you're still rich at these prices then just stay the way you are, I would say. Go a little bit more "organic" in buying the next coins, dont do it with debt.
As someone commented below, "if all your money is in bitclin" diversify a bit. Buy some gold and foreign stocks.
@_date: 2018-11-25 15:41:56
I like the point you made with gold, when the price of gold drops supply also decreases (at least annual). Do you have any more sources where one can read more on this?
I wonder if that is a fault of Bitcoin's design or not, however it does explain why it is so volatile. I imagine as the reward keeps halving the volatility will be less and less, probably around 0.7BTC per block which is by 2032 I tthink.
@_date: 2018-11-16 13:23:58
That's pretty neat, you're not doing anything Python specific just changing the order so it can import easily into a document it seems? Pretty neat!
@_date: 2018-11-15 21:54:47
And what happens when the interest rates go too high as a result of this? Recession. And what will the FED do to "protect americans/investors" from the recession? Go back to 0% interest rates baby, another round of QE. Hell, Janet Yellen even mentioned negative interest rates were't off the table. Why would she bother mentioning that?
The FED is raising rates just to reload the gun, so to speak.
The next decision the FED makes after unloading its balance sheet will tell us if the ecobonmy is really "booming" or if we are in a perpetual state of inflation.
@_date: 2018-11-16 23:14:36
Do you have any links I can read more on this?
@_date: 2018-11-16 18:26:52
I have added two print statements where it puts it into columns and you can import into excel by separating by comma.
@_date: 2018-11-16 13:12:34
That makes a lot of sense. I thought 4 years would more or less be 210,000 but I guess when rounding like that it screws things up a lot. Math is pretty strange and neat. Makes a lot of sense now.
@_date: 2018-11-09 06:04:16
When people want you to go all in on Bitcoin and then blame you for trying to cover your ass.
@_date: 2018-11-29 20:18:11
What they say they're going to do and what they actually do are two different things. The FED has a history, maybe in only the last few recessions, of "stimulating" their way out of recessions. When you know this you realize we are in a loop.
The FED begins unwinding its balance sheets, as a result, a recession occurs as money becomes more expensive to make loans, it costs businesses more to expand and hire, growth decreases, sales, stocks, etc. because the assets that are being sold off were propping everything up. What will the FED do a a result of the recession? The politiclly correct thing to do. Step in to interfere and buy up the securities to prop everything up again. They are going to have to print/buy much more than before, they may have to even go negative interest rates or add stocks to their balance sheets (Switzerland and Japan have done this).
So. The only way this turns around is if the FED doesn't act politically correct and instead does the right thing. Like they did in 1980 and raise interest rates to 22%. This is not possible to do anymore because everyone wants to keep having free stuff and there are select groups that create a lot of noise at any thought of cutting government in any form, blaming capitalism, favoring socialism. The political sphere now is thst government is the nice guy thag always steps in, they HAVE to step in and help as thats their job. Not only that, having interest rates at 22% or even anywhere near 10% would mean the government would have to pay more on its new bonds its issuing...it would be more than the budget which would mean the FED would have to print money to pay for the government's own bonds.
See. The right solution is very easy. The politically correct solution requires you to create all sorts of other nonsense to keep the existing nonsense propped up, all so people can continue living in a way that's unsustainable. Most people dont want to do the right thing though, they dont understand things have consequences and they can't always have it their way.
@_date: 2018-11-29 22:57:42
Shame, people don't put their money where their mouth is. If I show you proof you're still trusting that I haven't tampered with the proof.
You should verify, not trust.
@_date: 2018-07-08 03:45:44
When will this new feature be ready? 2 weeks? /s
@_date: 2018-07-07 18:10:04
How can he say this when his plans are to make Ethereum PoS? If you can't connect the dots, how will people be able to acquire ETH if there is no centralized exchange? This means no FIAT to ETH which means you have to hope there is a coin that is mineable with a low barrier to entry so you don't have to spends thousands in order to mine....is there a better solution?
@_date: 2018-07-25 03:19:18


I have never talked about scamcoins so it seems you need to start back from the beginning. I am also surprised you think a developer who studied CS and Engineering at MIT, worked at Google and Coinbase is "mediocre". If you can somebody as or more qualified then drop down the name.
@_date: 2018-07-21 22:44:41
Okay that seems perfect, but this works so long as everything is on the original chain? How can the remaining tally be sent to the depositing address of a new chain if the LN never existed on the new chain...or did it? I think if LN's history can be brought onto the new chain then that solves the issue? I imagine something like what Andreas proposes could work, the client will simply need to have support for the new chain and since the new chain is a replica of the old one it should all work? I am not sure.
@_date: 2018-07-21 22:55:24
I think you're missing a point...or like most in the crypto space, you see a fault and do not want to come to realization such a fault exists. There's nothing wrong, it can be worked around or there can be a solution in the future, or we can just learn to live with a drawback.
@_date: 2018-07-22 15:32:15
There was no premine for Litecoin or Vertcoin, shows how much you know. These coins are here to help the crypto space when there is mass spamming or use like back in September or November of 2017. I discovered Litecoin because Bitcoin fees were too high and if Bitcoin were the only one I wouldn't have looked at the space as all of the other coins are shitcoins like you say. 
There will be more than one coin, Bitcoin alone can not scale to millions of users.
@_date: 2018-07-28 18:59:52
Watched the video and am actually glad Bitcoin Cash exists because Schnorr signatures have the potential to change a lot of things. If they disagree there will no longer be a big turmoil, they can just head on over to Bitcoin Cash and we can implement the upgrade smooth sailing.
EDIT: I don't think you guys understood what I meant, since Bitcoin Cash exists, anyone who disagress can just go over to that lot. There won't be..or hopefully shouldn't be a standstill for Schnorr like there was for Bitcoin integrating Segwit because those against it already have their own alternative.
@_date: 2018-07-29 04:19:15
market cap = # of shares * price ....can the number of shares disappear? If not, then does that means price went down? If you hold a large sum of your net worth in stocks then the price of each stock went down therefore money...?
@_date: 2018-07-30 04:14:35
I expected a reply like this, replies on this sub seem to give the answer but not a "why". I know what a fork is but I think you don't understand why I am trying to figure out.
So let me rephrase, everyone says Bitcoin Core is just one of many implementations for Bitcoin. However, this is not entirely true? If EVERYONE ran an implementation of bitcoin that, for example, never included segwit support, then nobody would be able to use segwit. Please note this is theoretical, replace Segwit with XYZ feature or something. However, with the current state of bitcoin we can use segwit because majority/consensus are using the implementation that supports segwit. This means out of all of these implementations, one is the "real" or reference implementation in which there can be other implementations but have to follow the "real" or reference implementation's rules. This allows the other implementations to connect to the same network and not have their own. Is this accurate?
@_date: 2018-07-23 02:51:53
The "makers" of Litecoin was actually one person...how do you not know this by now?
Bitcoin fees will go up again at some point, especially if it is to be used as a currency, Lightning Network will help the inbetween but at some point those people will need onchain transactions to come on and off of LN.


It is not a good thing, it can be avoidable until ASICs are manufactured to the same standards as GPU manufactures are. Look at the Bitcoin hashrate,  
BTC.com is owned by Bitmain (a Chinese company), ViaBTC is also another Chinese company, Antpool is operated by Bitmain, F2Pool is also chinese. That means at this moment approximately half of the hash power is centralized in one country. 
The situation is similar for Litecoin  
Here is the hashrate distribution for Vertcoin,  at the moment does not look very fair but right now as there is a large hash swing from coinotron. According to whattomine, one 1080 can get you $0.44 a day, again not a lot, but with coinotron's large hash and the bull market we are experiencing it would take a long time to get a return. Still, the alternative for Bitcoin and Litecoin  is a miner that uses a lot more power and costs a lot more.  I guarantee you if you make a post on this subreddit asking which miner to buy you will get the response to buy Bitcoin instead of mine....that just goes to show average joe isn't the one mining anymore.
A lot of ASICs are sold used but "as new" and are released after the company has a more efficient model, meaning by the time the customer gets it, it is no longer profitable. Siacoin is a coin that held open arms to ASICs and this is what a manufacturer did  
Back to the topic, ASICs cost thousands of dollars, GPUs cost far less. 
I think the ideal solution would be to leave Bitcoin and Litecoin on ASICs, hope that more companies enter the space and are more transparent about the products they sell. I do not see this happening in the next 3-4 years or more because most mining is centralized in China and I don't see any major players trying to break up the monopoly. Until then, I think it would be a good idea to have a GPU alternative coin. Ethereum is GPU only and had a hashrate higher than Litecoin, only recently has Litecoin's hashrate surpassed Ethereum. Although an ASIC has been made for Ethereum and the only way for them to avoid it would be to change algorithms. No coin is ASIC proof but any coin can be ASIC resistant by hardforking and changing algorithms to resist the ASIC. Monero has committed, Vertcoin, and a few others, and will continue to do so until ASICs are as fair as GPUs.
I hope you learned something...
@_date: 2018-07-22 18:29:58
Vertcoin and Litecoin both had three blocks mined (one genesis) and two for testing,    
 
I don't know why you would prefer the entire cryptospace to die off when a coin like Litecoin could help facilitate transactions if/when too many people are using Bitcoin or fees go as high $3-5 again. Instead of ruining Bitcoin's security by increasing blocksize, Litecoin's block size can be increased instead. As for mining, you can't mine Bitcoin or even Litecoin anymore without an ASIC, you need to order miners online which give away your personal info, with Vertcoin you can go into a Best Buy or walmart buy a GPU with cash and mine and nobody will have any clue. You can then convert Vertcoin to Bitcoin through an exchange or eventually through atomic swaps...yeah...keep hating on these "shitcoins".
@_date: 2018-07-30 03:16:02
I don't think anyone understood my comment at all. Schnorr, Taproot, etc. are wonderful additions but people who hated Segwit will probably hate on Scnorr and Taproot, claiming it is too complex, could pose security issues, etc. so I said that I am glad that Bitcoin Cash exists, and that we have already gone through a community split, so that when it comes time to integrate Schnorr, there won't be a huge massive disagreement, those who do not want it can just go use Bitcoin Cash.
@_date: 2018-07-28 18:56:16
Interesting bit hear about atomic swaps 
@_date: 2018-11-25 00:48:41
There is. Its Atomic swaps via Lightning network. Other than that, Bisq already exists.
@_date: 2018-07-28 14:58:51
I've read on r/ethereum that people running nodes with hard drives actually are unable to sync the blockchain because the new blocks are found faster than the node is syncing. The solution is to run a node with an SSD instead of a hard drive..the ethereum blockchain pruned is still I think 89Gb or more or something which is troubling because its only been around from 3 years.
10minute block times are perfect to ensure transactions propogate to all nodes in time, if the amount of nodes increase and are all fat away from each other this is very important. Also think about block size increases years from now, 20 years from now, sure internet may have kept up but the block size increase in the future to average internet speeds may become averaged out to what they are now.
@_date: 2018-07-12 20:57:10
I think because people see Bitcoin going in only one way, which is either a store of value or a currency. One would make Bitocin worth a lot more whereas one would make Bitcoin worth a lot more exponentially. Therefore, they're just in it for the money.
@_date: 2018-07-23 03:03:49
I wonder where our space would be if Linux and/or BSD did not exist. Luckily we had people back then who were able to look to the future, know we don't know what we may use our computers for, and realize using a closed system owned by one company is a horrible idea.
Everyone always shits on Linux but look now who is running for the safe haven when money gets involved.
@_date: 2018-07-08 20:05:34
Would have been nice to see Vertcoin...one real coin as opposed to 5 or 6 shitcoins.
@_date: 2018-07-21 23:40:49
I understand now, so just a tally that is always updated and associated with the original onchain address, so to speak? It seems there is a workable solution in the long term to address OP's issue?
@_date: 2018-07-30 04:00:59
Pretty much sums up average joe. If celeb is doing it then it must be a "thing".
@_date: 2018-07-08 17:10:45


What exactly does this mean? A new QE policy?
@_date: 2018-07-21 22:00:43
This is something that needs to be discussed. Hard forking serves a feature so that if some developers are beginning to act in bad faith (developers implementing backdoors ) or just not aligning with what a particular portion of the community wants, the community has a way to copy Bitcoin and its history and have their own version that follows their own set of principles. 
If people have money tied up in the LN and a fork occurs, the fork will only be able to replicate the funds in an address to open a LN address as well as to close. Anything that happened in between would not be on the blockchain which could mean people could lose or gain money.
@_date: 2018-07-23 15:39:01
At this point I don't know where the conversation went...if you care about decentralized sound money you shouldn't hold your opinion of Bitcoin so high because half of the hashing power is centered in one country. If China decides to run them out or the mining company leavea or stops their operations, Bitcoin's difficulty adjustment occurs every 2016 blocks...so thered be a good period where blocks wouldnt be found because the difficulty will be set for an amount of hash rate that doesn't exist anymore. Ive tried to come across that Litecoin and Vertcoin are other decentralized coins that can help Bitcoin pick up some of the workload, or if there is a stalemate or a misinformation campaign about a helpful/healthy update (Segwit) theb coins like Litecoin can implement the features first to prove...or disprove a group of the community and also be used as a test bench so that the chance of Bitcoin's security being compromised is less (there was a lot of misinformation from Bitmain and Roger Very on segwit and that it would allow anyone to spend, Litecoin implemented it and then everyone saw the coin was fine so it completely disproved the other camp). Once again, hope you learned something...I know I haven't learned anything from your posts...
@_date: 2018-07-10 22:30:45
I don't think this is BitPay's fault, I have used services from BitPay where one sent me to a page that had a BTC address and a QR cpde while another only sent me to a QR code....this would imply BitPay offers the feature but the merchant is the one selecting the feature?
EDIT: it seems I had tried out BitBay and NOT BitPay...very similar names so I would say give BitBay your money instead.
@_date: 2018-07-30 03:19:21


I agree with that, I never understood why market cap measure is a thing for crypto, anyone can just go and make a coin with a billion supply get it to 50 cents and it will be over bitcoin or something. I also do not see the point  for market cap in stocks either? Who creates the amount of stocks? The company right? Is it not the same situation then? 
So, is market cap simply a measure of "value" of one coin/stock compared to others in the space because of supply/demand but does not actually mean that coin/stock is worth that much? If a coin has lots of supply it theoretically shouldn't be worth a lot so it would have a lower market cap?? Still it doesn't mean the coin is "worth" more??
@_date: 2018-07-08 01:19:17
If a merchant wants to convert every purchase to FIAT instantly wouldn't they (or the payment processor) have to settle their balance onchain with every purchase? Even so, that would still make purchases faster at least? 
@_date: 2018-07-31 15:18:57
This sub has such a strange attitude, always against the alternative like due to fear. LIT is better not only because its not being developed with a company behind it, but the LIT network is multi-coin...although since this is the bitcoin subreddit the attitude here is all altcoins are shitcoins are dont matter but I will explain anyway. BOLT comaptible LN require a separate LN for each coin. So if you're a merchant and want to accept Bitcoin and Litecoin you would need to run two different LN instances, one that connects to the Bitcoin LN and one that connects to the Litecoin LN. LIT is one big network that supports all compatible coins. So if you set up a LIT instance, right now you could accept Bitcoin, Litecoin, and Vertcoin without having separate networks. The alts do exist, and so whatever extra money will be on Litecoin's LN could instead be together in one LN network with Bitcoin which would increase liquidity. This also means if a merchant accepts Litecoin but you only have Bitcoin then an atomic swap can be performed as you're paying and convert the Litecoin to bitcoin seamlessly.
@_date: 2018-07-13 14:59:52
The top commentator is so misinformed, raising wages does not cause "inflation"...well it is inflation...but not really because raising minimum wage will change the prices for certain goods, not all goods which means it's not really inflation as its only affecting some items.
In other comments they are all talking about trump and the democrats and the political parties...why is nobody talking about the FED? They are the reason wages have to be increased in the first pkace. 
@_date: 2018-07-21 23:39:13
Vertcoin for sure, I don't know about Monero but I believe I have heard they are planning for second layer solutions. I expect to see a new "offchain" craze like the ICOs and "better than ethereum" or "PoS is new solution" crazes.
@_date: 2018-07-21 22:36:31


Exactly, and whether that is good or bad depends on the hardfork intentions. Hard forks may one day be necessary and they are supposed to be rather easy in terms of forking, difficult in getting support, but with LN it makes it difficult to fork in the first place.
Will make it hard for coins like Vertcoin that intend to hard fork if an ASIC is discovered, or Monero that I think has planned to hard fork every 6 months to prevent ASICs.
@_date: 2018-07-11 07:00:27
You may in fact be correct, and it seems that what I thought was BitPay is actually BitBay. So BitBay gives both a QR code and address whereas when I tried BitPay I was only given a QR code.
So I guess we should add BitBAY to the list...
@_date: 2018-12-08 17:10:32
If you think society is going to collapse would the internet in wherever you are living still be functioning? Might want to buy some guns and gold and silver coins as money.
@_date: 2018-12-03 13:09:28


Aren't blocks mined faster when difficulty drops?
@_date: 2018-12-13 02:20:47
Credit card companies are tied to banks for a reason, this is what I was trying to say. When you deposit money in a bank, they lend out that money to several other individuals. How could you do that with Bitcoin? You can only do it if everyone is off of the blockchain on some fake bitcoin system and nobody tries to withdraw their bitcoin to make sure they own it. Right? Banks would have to stop fractional reserve or they would have to put up their own BTC as collateral, which would limit the amount of loans they make and thus lower credit available to all and/or make credit expensive.
@_date: 2018-12-24 05:14:29
Blockstream still use ground satellites to transmit to the others I believe.
@_date: 2018-12-10 21:47:23
He doesn't even have to say anything, just go in the store and sow "We accept dash" and him paying with Dash or whatever crypto.
@_date: 2018-12-25 04:45:38
the truth hurts
@_date: 2018-12-18 19:04:58
I hope he learns about income tax implications, before SJWs say he is a fraudster for using bitcoin as a way of tax evasion.
@_date: 2018-12-19 07:12:34
Who wouldve thought this stuff had to be improved, I thought Bitcoin relayed nodes just fine, didn't know it was THAT inefficient. Makes it incredibly ridiculous from Bitcoin Cash standards "just raise the block size dude". Completelt ignoring the intricacies of the protocol. They'd probabaly call this a hack like segwit because it has many nuances to understand.
@_date: 2018-12-18 22:34:49
All of these companies yet none are doing the innovating.
These companies need to not only create software that works with websites on computers and mobile phones but they need to also create hardware, like point of sale terminals, that package everything up and let users pay with crypto in physical stores.
And a lot of you are going to hate me for saying this, but wake up to reality, they need to give the option whether or not the merchant wants to keep BTC or to exchange it to FIAT upon every transaction.
Lets try and get the terminals in stores first and then when more people are accustomed to them, THEN we can try pushing to keep the BTC and not exchange it. There is just far too much tax work involved ATM, especially with adoption low.
@_date: 2018-12-24 14:09:02
You said 


In order for the "internet goes doen" it has to be pretty chaotic here on land. If the internet infrastructure got destroyed due to people or some natural disaster, you somehow think the land satellites that are required for Block stream.satellites to will somehow be immune? The land satellites are called teleports or something, look on the website.
@_date: 2018-12-23 14:53:28
I find it bizzare Bitpay is mostly used and not something like CoinGate. I dont think I've ever come across a merchant using Coingate yet eveyrtime I have seen Bitpay. Why has there been no other company to step into the space? All of these ICOs that turned out to be shit, not one of them just trying to be a better Bitpay.
I think it comes down to marketing and naming. Most merchants that accept crypto ONLY accept Bitocin, not even Litecoin. So the name Bitpay kinda makes sense.
@_date: 2018-12-24 14:59:05
Nail on the head.
@_date: 2018-12-20 20:03:32
We were in a historic equity bull run because the equity markets were being propped up thanks to QE. The moment the FED started selling off its QE assets was the moment the equities markets were due for collapse. QE is one of many ways to manipulate the interest rates and now they are unwinding, the interest rates are moving up, around 2% which is where its starting to effect the markets. 
We are due for a recession because this whole time everything was being propped up. If we are unwinding QE and and the equities start to fall and unemployment starts to tick up....did QE really fix the economy? Is the economy really doing well if it starts to turn to shambles as soon as the assets are sold off? That means the assets were keeping it afloat. 
What do you think is gonna get us out of the next recession? Hint. Its going to be QE. If that's the case, it means we are in a perpetual state of QEs and temporary recessions, recessions just to go back to QE, and it took 4 trillion dollars of assets to keep the equities markets growing, how much is going to be needed next time? And the time after that? It means we are heading for hyperinflation in the long term, stagflation in the short tern. The FED has only sold off $600billion of assets. It still has 3.6trillion.
The solution is the government has to shrink, massively. Interest rates are only 2.25% and we see the downturn it is causing. Normal rates historically are 5-6%. With the amount of debt we carry, and debt we will carry in the future because of the deficits, we can never have 5-6% interest rates because making bonds with those interests will be more than the US government's annual budget. We will need to go into debt to pay debt but who's gonna buy up that debt? The FED. The FED is gonna be buying its own debt, which are liabilities, and claiming it as an asset. Its a massive inflationary shit show.
@_date: 2018-12-09 06:58:52
Lol, I've never heard anyone on this sub use that word before. Must have watched the Max Keiser report posted here.
@_date: 2018-12-18 06:52:51
I own gold, several ounces.
I own bitcoin, several satoshis.
Doesn't work 100% but that's how I remember. 
@_date: 2018-12-21 13:23:29
What's funny is there is an article about them actually using gold as currency instead of their fiat money. Many families apparently own gold as wedding gifts, unless that article is lying like this one.
@_date: 2018-12-06 21:09:56
You're forgetting a big picture though, and its in the title of your post. People like buying things on credit, they like to live out their means, buy things that they can't afford or to pay for it later. 
Until people stop trying to live beyond their means then they will use crypto, but I dont suspect that to ever happen.
@_date: 2018-12-17 22:26:24
No not really, that is what current economic system has you to believe. Keynesian economics, as opposed to Austrian economics. Keynesians believing falling prices is bad as businesses will go bankrupt and nobody will be able to buy anything. Those keynesians should go inform every technology company in existence to tell that they don't have much time before going bankrupt as HDDs, SSDs, and flash drives all dropping in price year over year. As prices fall more people buy the product. How many people did you know were buying SSDs in 2013 compared to now?
Another thing they say is how there isn't enough gold in the world for the amount of money in circulation. Since gold is divisible to a really tiny amount (just like Bitcoin), each individual piece of gold would be worth more...same with Bitcoin. Each bitcoin would just be worth more...this is basic supply and demand that they do not understand.
I also see from these people how gold causes boom and busts. It doesn't. It's called the business cycle, not the gold cycle, and 9/10 times the "business cycle" causes these periods of growth and periods of downtime  from the Federal reserve changing the interest rates and keeping them too low for too long, without a gold standard they can manipulate it even more. In 1930 interest rates went to 5% because the FED kept them too low for too long, 1960s and 1970s where then the interest rates had to go as high as 13% in 70s and 20% in 80s to offset inflation, which again was because they kept the rates too low for too long, and then they raised them again in 2007 because they kept rates so low, around 1% in the 2000s. I probably missed a few dates like the 90s....but as you can see, we have had many booms and busts besides opponents of gold saying gold is responsible for booms and busts. It seems even with FIAT we have horrible booms and busts so why even have it at all? Besides the FED, you have natural periods of human mania into markets and malinvestment which result in a crash, just like the crypto bubble. Does that mean the government should step up and print money to buy up Bitcoin and other crypto so that we all don't suffer? Of course not. But that is exactly what they did with the housing market in 2008.
You do not need money to grow with the economy, all that leads is for prices to never go down or even go up. Money is supposed to represent the labor we did to earn the money. The toll the labor we did does not go away on our mind or body so why would it go away in our money?
@_date: 2018-12-24 14:06:01
There is no plan. They're finished, they've killed their FIAT currencies or are in the process of because the least painful way is to just ride this all out via inflation. Majority of the public won't realize it was them anyway, as opposed to hearing the FED is raising interest rates and then experiencing a recession.
Governments dont want the public to use Bitcoin because it means nobody will use their government control money and they lose all the power. They will be caught by surprise, their ignorance will allow it to float by, "nobody is going to use it. It won't work". Just like the internet, and once its out, its out.
@_date: 2018-12-09 22:06:19
The market is down because it was due for a correction. The hype began in May-June 2017. I had a lot of friends who suddenly started seeing articles about mostly ethereum but bitcoin as well, I used to mention bitcoin to them prior to 2017 but they didn't pay any attention because nobody else was talking about it. A few years ago there also werent as many people using social media as now. Look at the crazy meme and SJW explosion ever since 2016. Prior to that we had memes but theybwerent that popular by the masses and they mostly came from reddit/4chan. Now we have channels that upload meme compilations, memes are coming from twitter, etc
If you take out the hyped price from June, you see steady growth. Bubbles happen, markets are irrational because humans are the ones in the market and the one in 2017 was a big bubble that lasted several months
Sure there is shorting and other stuff but the main cause for this correction is because well...its a correction. Everything was overvalued.
@_date: 2018-12-20 00:23:37
that is probably what it is. Still...who exactly has access to that and how do they get it so readily? It's still sort of the same questions, who exactly is selling out who? The banks might be selling out either for profit or force, that is what the article should've tried to figure out. That is "real" journalism. All they did was write a piece on what some other person already said.
@_date: 2018-12-23 03:10:06
I agree exactly with what you say. It's been 10 years and we aren't anywhere close for mass adoption, maybe that's a good thing though. It takes a while to get a protocol working together, much harder a decentralized protocol. Maybe in another 10 years we will have more adoption, what with how the economy will turn out in the next 5 years.
@_date: 2018-12-21 19:44:11
So what happened to the people that paid tax from crypto to crypto on Jan 2, 2017? Will they be exempt from paying tax on future gains that amount to what they paid? I dont see the IRS sending them a refund...
@_date: 2018-12-20 00:24:21
Right. So who's buying? The police force? Why isn't that being publicly disclosed? Why is the police spending tax payer money on such a thing at such a wide scale? Etc,
@_date: 2018-12-19 04:18:39
Smaty comment here. Companies that dont keep innovating go bust.
They could've cornered the market and been official endorsers to Bitcoin at least to convert to FIAT for people unfamiliar. They dont realize they aren't needed besides that aspect.
@_date: 2018-12-27 03:13:55
What? Only on this sub do I read these comments.
Silver was $16 back in July and went down because stock market was st ATH. The past month and a half silver has been moving, made it to $15 yesterday or today if I am not mistaken.
@_date: 2018-12-15 17:31:24
Measure it in gold instead. That's the real physical hard money we have. Bitocin is the real digital hard money.
@_date: 2018-12-04 23:39:03
What happens if someone posts fake timestamps for the blocks? Wouldnt that screw up the system?
@_date: 2018-12-19 07:04:01
That's the only way this with work. There are too many cons for working with Bitcoin as average people dont see the pros in the short tern. They can hire an engineer to use something like a Raspberry Pi Zero with a screen and build a lightweight app. Or just offer an app for various iPhone/android tablets but integrate all of the reporting and other features like swap to USD.
@_date: 2018-12-17 22:27:38
He's already assuming there will be demand. If everyone converted their dollars to gold, gold would skyrocket in value due to demand. So he's saying, these people that say there isn't enough gold in the world because if you do 'price of gold * supply = less money than in circulation' are wrong because the price of gold will go up with the demand.
@_date: 2018-12-03 02:00:15
Do you say you own golds? No, you say you own gold, about 20ounces.
Do you say you own bitcoins? No, you say own Bitcoin, about 500satoshis.
@_date: 2018-12-03 13:23:26
Wasn't block stream working on some P2 something for wallets that basically include 3 or more user's inputs to break the "idea" that an input in a transaction belongs to only one user?
@_date: 2018-12-17 07:32:16
Probably going to downvoted for this but if you do not want to run/use lightning network on Bitcoin then look at accepting/using Litecoin. A confirmation is only 2.5minutes.
@_date: 2018-12-22 06:59:58
I agree, and with things like Docker or QEMU you can virtualize applications from each other. The biggest no no to hardware wallers is you can't install your own firmware.
@_date: 2018-12-24 14:19:50
Americans: muh education
@_date: 2018-12-09 00:05:48
If Bitcoin is not valuable enough for someone to want to hoard, to pass down to generations, then why would you ever exchange your labor or productivity for it?
People think IOTA/NANO will be used for payments and like to cite how HODLING is bad because people will not use the coin and makes it bad for payments but this is just bad economics. If I want to acquire IOTA/NANO only as a means of later exchanging into the desired money I want...why would I use IOTA/NANO in the first place? I would just get the desired money I want directly.
There's a reason precious metals, gold and silver, have been used as money, because people want to be able to keep it for a while (which these metals are able to do very well) which means many people are willing to trade their labor for it.
@_date: 2018-12-20 07:19:10
You can have more than just stocks and bonds in an IRA. You can have commodities like oil, wheat, gold, silver, even have some farmland ETFs..list goes on. Now if the banks go under...or for gold if there isn't enough actual gold backing the ETFs then idk what that could mean. 
Best is to hold a physical asset, gold, or one that is very liquid, bitcoin, although bitcoin requires a network to be operational...though the difficulty adjusts where even if just a few are on it still works, what I am trying to get at is Bitocin hasn't gone through a recession yet so nobody knows how it will hold its value. Gold pretty much goes up and down too depending on the type of recession so all bets are on.
@_date: 2018-12-06 06:25:25
Jeeze, even Bitcoin testnet is expensive to attack. Is the testnet really that important to maintain? Can the testnet die like the main chain?
@_date: 2018-12-12 22:59:43
Credit cards work by lending someone money they don't have. How do you lend someone a bitcoin? You can't. Credit card companies work with a bank, banks follow fractional reserve and that's why the idea of credit even exists. How would a bank store bitcoin and continue their fractional reserve operations? They cant do it. They would have to be fully reserved or use their own assets to hedge against defaulted loans. They can only pull this off if they create a "fake" bitocin system, like when you log into your account you would see a "Bitocin balance" but isn't verifiable on the blockchain. And much like banks are supporting third party payment systems, zellepay, there would be one similar for bitcoin. However, because you can claim ownership of your bitcoin at any moment and within 10minutes, it will not be possible to keep such a fake system intact for long.
@_date: 2018-12-21 19:40:57
What do you mean US people pay ~30% tax from crypto crypto? Do you mean without the bill? That's not how it works. If its short term you pay whatever your income tax bracket is, if its long term there is a cap of 20% at the highest bracket. Precious metals are considered collectibles and have 28% long term cap gains.
@_date: 2018-12-20 07:29:43
This is not normal process of adjusting the rates. We have been going from 0% to 2.25% and shit is already started to act negatively. we aren't close to neutral nor normal rates, and we can never get back to 5-6% normal rates because it would take up almost the entire annual budget so money would need to be printed in...more debt just to service debt, the FED will be the governments main buyer (that's a government buying its own liability and claiming it as an asset). So if we go to 5% it means massive printing and a recession because the economy can't handle that and the massive printing will result in inflation. If we stay where we are now at 2% the markets are already down and we will be in a period of weakness until a recession results, just more slowly. So we are either going to 0% now or fhe FED will try to save the day and put interest rates back to 0, but this will only.happen after the recession already happens because the FED always is too late. all of that quantitative easing/going back to 0% is telling the world QE didn't work the first 3 times yet here we are trying it again, and also telling the world we are defaulting on our loans via inflation...so either way...we are getting massive inflation and a recession....stagflation.
The FED can end it all right now like they could have in 08. Stop manipulating the rates and let the market decide the rates and leave them there. We would enter in a recession but eventually we would recover. That's what happened in 1980 with 22% rates and then recovery and growth throughout the 90s.
@_date: 2018-12-28 17:17:20
Why are you on a bitcoin subreddit? Bitcoin is a form of money not controlled by anyone. Why not using a bank account or credit card? Are you a money launderer or delusional? Normal functioning people value bitcoin $0.0000001.
What an incredibly naive post, the sad part is this is most of people's thought process. Majority of the people that are "weird" are the ones that created the thing you typed that comment on. 
@_date: 2018-12-24 14:20:59
Man. I can only imagine the outcry special interests group are going to have about the "bitcoin elite". Scary times. Maybe because its technology they won't bother with it because they will lose any type of debate. You dont see SJWs complaining about windows vs apple.
@_date: 2018-12-15 07:49:33
The halvings are a powerful component to Bitcoin.
How many people would we need monthly to keep the price stable with a block reward of 6.25 or even 3.125?
@_date: 2018-12-06 21:18:46
Pretty sure that people didnt care about an ETF  2 years ago. Only from the bull run do some people want it.
If investors really want an ETF it will happen.
I personally dont agree with having any sort of derivative for crypto because it gives the incentive to short and makes it easier for price manipulation but if that's what people want then it is what it is.
@_date: 2018-12-18 04:45:23
Bcash trolls be like "blockstream trying to force everyone to use their satellites"
@_date: 2018-12-24 15:41:33
Like you say, if they dont see value in physical silver they are unlikely to choose bitcoin. 
This is the logic of everyone today. The same people that invest 100% stocks and 0% in precious metals are the same people in the cryptocurrency world where they invest 100% in ICOs and 0% in Bitcoin. People aren't learning about what they're getting into and just follow like sheep. People should be investing in what they understand,  but the majority wouldn't be investing at all if this were the case.
@_date: 2018-12-20 23:15:05
This is rather silly. Gold and Bitcoin will coexist, they serve two different use cases, gold can serve a part of Bitcoin's use case and also as an object that doesn't tarnish or rust, can be used in electronics, dentistry, and a few more things that I can't remember. Bitcoin can't do those things but it basically takes the aspect of gold that makes it useful as money and digitizes it and makes it transferable from person to person via the internet. Now that has tremendous value.
Two different uses. Its much easier to transact in bitcoin than gold, but if you're talking about systemic collapse in government, natural disasters, etc. I think gold wins because its physical and it doesn't depend on a network...although you cold store a copy of your keys in other places...can't do that with gold so maybe gold is better.
@_date: 2018-12-17 15:45:29
We've been finding more gold for thousands of years. The amount we find annually compared to total supply is something like 1-2% so it doesn't affect price that much. As price of gold increases we usually find more gold because it becomes more lucrative to set up more mining operations and spend more to mine in areas that weren't profitable. There is lots of gold in Earth's mantle and core but we will never reach those areas with our technology...its just way too hot down there so for us its still rare. Bitcoin however is actually completely finite, by around 2035 or so the reward will be very insigifncsnt (0.85BTC a block I believe), total supply will be gone by 2140.
@_date: 2018-12-19 04:13:40
The article completely misses how the police are finding this out in the first place. Are the shops selling the info, is the credit card  company selling it, are police spending their budget on buying this? Are CC companies required to turn this info over???
@_date: 2018-12-10 21:46:48
Marketing is what always wins it out. Litecoin should have been used instead. Dash can be 51% attacked pretty easily over Nicehash as it has 80% of the hashpower necessary to obtain 51% at the ready. Its still costly but the possibility is still there. Not to mention all other mischiefs the coin has. 
@_date: 2018-12-10 17:19:47
I guess correction is used mostly just to refer to a small dip? I'm using correction meaning to correct the problem, the bubbles, the malinvestments etc.
I guess if I said a LARGE correction that would've been okay? What other term is there for me to say to say? Everybody wwas pickachu face because everyone didn't realize that it was a bubble, this is what I am trying to explain by irrational. People see it go up and want to get in, its short lived because after a few months people start seeing it isn't worth the price it is and sell. In the future? Sure maybe, the annual supply creation gets cut in half every 4 years which will require fewer and fewer and demand to reach previous prices.
Shorters are shorting because they believe Bitcoin to be overvalued. You wouldn't short Bitcoin (less leave manipulation aside) if you thought its worth this price. Its the same thing with gold markets, the spot price is determined by the futures markets. Lots of shorting can go on there but despite the manipulation it gets its still worth more than $1.
@_date: 2018-12-21 13:24:17
They have internet in all of those areas? Exchanges open too? Pretty sure they dont?
@_date: 2018-12-10 21:49:42
Funy, you've just described NANO's value proposition. IOTA maybe as well, though they're heavily involved with being a currency for IoT as to try to justify the enormous supply. 