@_author: ultimatemuffin
@_date: 2018-08-17 00:27:01
Iirc, the suit addresses how easy it is for people to assume your identity to get a new SIM card, and then use that SIM card to bypass any 2-factor authentication you might have based on your cellphone. 
@_date: 2017-11-07 20:08:52
Here's a brief article explaining it, with citations: 
@_date: 2017-11-07 18:46:15
No, you're mistaken. The net neutrality protections have existed since the inception of the internet. A few years ago, ISP's sued the FCC, claiming that they couldn't enforce them anymore, and won. So, the FCC, in order to maintain the rules that had always existed, changed the definition of ISP's under FCC regulation. Ensuring that things could not change.
And now, the isp's are spreading this misinformation that these are new rules in an attempt to ulturn the US internet infrastructure into Mexico or Brazil's.
@_date: 2017-11-07 20:50:09
So, that case is comcast attempting to set a legal precedent. When title 2 was revoked, ISP's were still in a legal grey area with regards to net neutrailty, because there was no explicit case-law for it with the new definition. So if they went all in, and throttled google and amazon right away, they might get sued and lose. So what they do, is think of the best-case-scenario for what they wanted to do, and then try and have a court set a legal precedent for them. 
Software pirates are difficult to defend, so they used that as their precedent case, and they won. You might recall that in the several months after that case but before the FCC redefined them as title 2, version began to throttle netflix to get people to move to hulu, and Att banned tethering to smartphones without paying them an extra $100 per month. 
Those kinds of abuses would have been the tip of the iceberg, had the FCC not corrected their mistake. And isp's are ready to restart that process in the fall when the legal barriers are removed by pai.
@_date: 2017-11-07 21:12:26
Well, you'd be right that competition could mitigate the problems, but there is no competition among isp's. Most places in the US only have access to one isp, sometimes two, and both of those companies have deals with one another to watch out for the others' interests. What we are going to see is huge companies paying isp's to restrict access to competing services.
Facebook already has plans to work with version to make using Facebook on your phone not require a data plan. Facebook will pay millions to version for this, and them version can increase the cost of data plans. Expect google, amazon, and all the big tech players to do the same. Then, suddenly unless you can pay an isp $100, your competing service won't really be accessible to the average person, or will have degraded quality compared to the big companies, because they are paying the isp to slow your service down. 
It's a huge win for isp's, it's neutral for large tech companies (because they will be spending money bribing isp's for favorable treatment rather than investing in their product), and it's a massive lose for small internet-based companies.
@_date: 2018-04-19 17:48:30
Taxing spending is really an inverted graduated tax system, though. Because the more money you have, the less you spend, as a percentage. 
So if there were only a 30% sales tax, the. The tax rate of people who were poor and spent all their money on necessities would be 30%, while the tax rate of a wealthy businessman who saved half of his money would be 15%.