@_author: ultmast
@_date: 2013-04-04 06:27:49
I write it off as what seems to be a universal constant of people losing their minds over perceived threats to what they're passionate about.
In any case, while I understand OP's point about people spouting off without properly understanding the subject, I think there's plenty enough ignorance to go around on the enthusiast side, which really surprises me.  There are people who spin every potential downside of Bitcoin into a positive (e.g. no credit, insurance, or chargeback mechanism), and predict the moon and stars and the total subversion of every bank and government through the magic of open source and cryptography.  It's all arguable (and might be interesting arguments), except to some of these people.
Perhaps those of us interested in discussing Bitcoin rationally and realistically are stuck between two very vocal minorities.  And I expect it's the same those of us who would be more likely to bring about less volatility with our involvement.  Oh well.
@_date: 2013-04-04 05:48:00


I had a guy troll my comments for **5 days** because I was speculating on what would happen if the recent FinCEN guidance was used as a basis to create regulation or law against exchange of BTC into other currency.  He replied to every comment I wrote with "herrrrpppp" winding down to eventually just "r" because I challenged his assertion that Bitcoin was "just like illegal drugs" and that nothing the government did could affect their use.
The insanity of some of the people in some of these threads is off the charts.  Why is it so difficult to talk about the actual risks/flaws in the system?  Bitcoin isn't perfect.  So what?
@_date: 2013-04-04 05:55:08


There were no facts as part of your conclusion.  You went from facts about global GDP to suddenly making unsubstantiated claims about Bitcoin.
I'll quote the bolded portion of your post:




"Let's say"?  That doesn't sound very fact based to me.  And of course it's followed by:


No facts behind that either.  Just more speculation.  And it continues:




No facts supporting any of that.
So no, I reject your assertion that "If these people knew economics they would realize that".