@_author: ultra-often
@_date: 2018-12-27 23:51:08
Oh? He does believe in God, he's just not public and open about it. 
[I was gonna wait until you asked for a source, but really, why wait?](
@_date: 2018-12-28 10:26:46
He's not being vague about this to piss you off or for no good reason, due to his role as a professor it makes perfect sense to be as vague and neutral as possible for his students' sake. Now that he's a public figure it's even more important - he's not interested in alienating atheists. 
All that aside, I really don't think this is a non-answer, it's just intentionally vague. He defines his own logic regarding the word belief, then positions himself in a certain way in that framework. You might not agree with how he's using belief in this case. But for him to say in direct succession two statements 1: What people believe is what they act out; and 2: I act as if God exists; it's as direct of a statement of belief as he's willing to make. 
@_date: 2018-12-28 08:23:17
Really? It wasn't obvious? 
At 3:15 he starts this line of speech: "It isn't obvious what 'belief' means. People think that what they believe is what they say they believe - I don't believe that. I believe that what people believe is what they act out. And so I said, 'I act as if God exists'. That's a sufficient statement as far as I'm concerned."
@_date: 2018-12-28 20:25:32
Am I wrong in thinking teachers are supposed to leave their personal religious views out of the classroom? I've never really cared but I hear this all the time. 
I think people do this with words all of the time. If you're saying he's maliciously redefining words for his own benefit or something I'd love to see some example of this. Maybe it just flies over my head?
You've said a couple times he doesn't believe in the christian god or the bible, but I feel like you're just saying that with no argument for it, whereas I've done my best to explain why I think he does believe. 
By the way I'm not really defending him if you think about it. I think he's an interesting and controversial guy. I've learned a lot listening to him, and the way people talk about him, but he's far from being beyond criticism. What's interesting is this backlash against him, you're saying he's trouble, people say he's dangerous. I don't understand why, like, he's gonna self help people to death? torture them with psychology? I say it's rare enough that *any* intellectual becomes popular when most people only care about famous people in entertainment.