@_author: ultrazonagepwnage
@_date: 2017-12-16 22:00:21
This kid iz pissT
@_date: 2017-12-17 02:15:23
[This kid](
@_date: 2017-12-15 17:50:11


Alas, having a PhD doesn't prevent autocorrect from ducking up my message :-/ However, the assumption that holding a doctorate means having flawless spelling and grammar is a clear indicator you have never set foot on a university campus.  


How often do you see critical discourse on literature during late night tv?  The usage of the term "indoctrination" is wholly meaningless when you use it to mean "the teaching of something I disagree with".  Karl Marx has some important and predictive concepts that are worth exploring.  These "dangerous ideas" promote conversation and critical inquiry.  They help students come to see nuance in positions, not just black and white / right wrong.


No you don't.  No you don't.


Public secondary institutions have a lot of problems with them, however, your ignorance and misunderstanding of them is so complete I can't fathom where to being.  
Learn to think.
@_date: 2017-12-16 18:31:43
Shhhhhh.  I won.  Shhhhh.  You are not intelligent and that is ok.  Not everyone has what it takes.  Shhhhhhhh.  Learn to think and then get back to me.
@_date: 2017-12-15 20:44:21


Your argument doesn't have a premise.  There is no discernible argument to dismiss.  You inability to produce one is the basis of my skepticism of your academic credentials.
 


The stupidity of this statement is so vast that it's beyond human comprehension.


You clearly don't understand the concept of hegemony.  The modern status-quo is a neo-liberal interpretation of schools as spaces to produce participants in a market economy.  While I recognize the importance of trade-skill training, this is a strong deviation from my primary argument that education, especially higher-education, is a space for developing one's ability to critically evaluate the accepted status-quo and hold nuanced understandings of issues in order to be more productive members of a democratic society.


The marketing of universities in a market economy and the ultimate aims of education are two very different things.  This is the kind of nuance you should be able to consider. Alas....


Using banal platitudes like "open-minded" or "closed-minded" further strengthen my observation that you are not able to actually comprehend what I am writing.  You do not know how to think.  This is strongly correlated to your obvious lack of education.


Hello pot, meet Mr. Kettle.  Considering I have completely and totally obliterated every bit of cognitive diarrhea you have spouted, its quite obvious the few positions of mine that you are capable of understanding ring true to you.  Your own disappointment in your lack of education and general cognitive ability is apparent.  But there is good news.  It is never too late.  Learn to think.  It is not too late.
@_date: 2017-12-14 04:45:31
All degrees have value.  The point of higher education is more than just the job you get after.
@_date: 2017-12-16 19:12:42
Shhhhhh.  Just take the L and move forward.  
@_date: 2017-12-15 02:08:34
I hold a PhD.  I did my undergrad at Stanford and PhD at Cal.  You can say I've "been to college".


This are the "learn to think" courses.  


Counter-hegemonic ideas are not indoctrination.  Indoctrination is the daily support of the status-quo enacted in every sector of society except university classrooms.  Even if you don't agree you learn NUANCE.


You clearly have never attended a university class. Would you, in your current position, prefer someone who holds the required high school diploma or hire someone who claims to have learned online?
There is most certainly something to be said about being exposed to different viewpoints from different people.  
@_date: 2017-12-15 22:07:04
At this point it is clear you are a troll.  Well played.  The too dumb to even hold a conversation shtick is a classic.
It is also clear, however, that the person behind the troll has nothing incomplete about their vast ignorance.   
@_date: 2017-12-15 19:03:33
You certainly may hold a bachelors.  Doubtful, but possible. No matter, you clearly do not know what you are talking about in any way, shape or form.  Ultimately, it is your complete lack of an argument betrays your statements regarding your education.  You simply parrot the musings of the privileged defenders of the status-quo.  Education is not, nor has ever been, about employment.  The dominant discourse may frame it as such, but the process of learning to consider nuanced ideas is itself the ultimate end.  If this process assists in procuring economic capital, it says more about the values of a capitalist society than it does about educational processes. 
Learn to think.
@_date: 2017-12-13 13:29:48
Ah yes, the weekly "I didn go to college but im smart" post.
Pssst.  No you are not. 
@_date: 2017-12-14 22:31:50
The process of a university education teaches you how to think.  Not just job skills or pointless trivia.  You become more intelligent by being exposed to new ideas and perspectives.  Thus, you learn to recognize nuance in all issues.  You learn to think.  
