@_author: ultranothing
@_date: 2017-12-14 18:45:16
I've been trying to purchase Ripple for literally two days.  Kraken's website is fucking abysmal and GDAX has it's thumb up its' own ass.  Why is all of this such a nuisance?
Coinbase is working fine and I'm all set.  But they don't offer Ripple.  So I get to be pissed off every five seconds for 48 hours trying to make this shit work.
But hey, whatever!  It was only 45 cents yesterday and is now up to 70 cents.  Maybe it'll decide to work when it's up to a few hundred dollars so I can miss the fucking boat.  
@_date: 2017-12-15 23:27:34
Seriously?  Fuck you. 
@_date: 2017-12-15 17:02:45
But this is just another blip of ridiculousness in a virtual sea of crypto-exchange insanity.  I'm honestly beginning to wonder if the entire thing is just a big joke...
Here we have Indacoin, advertised as an easy way to buy a wide variety of digital currency "with a credit or debit card, in more than 100 countries including United States."  But..."Indacoin doesn't operate in the US and can't offer" any services.  Right there, on the same exact page, are these two bits of info.  Okay...
Coinbase.  Works great!  But only offers three cryptocurrencies.  Fine, but what about the up-and-comers, such as XRP?  It was  selling at 45 cents three days ago and is now up to nearly 80 cents.  If I hadn't spent those three days fighting with five different exchanges trying to purchase XRP, I could have doubled my money by now.  But...ya know...:
Kraken.  What.  The fuck.  With Kraken?  Literally every time you click a button, you get a Cloudfare error.  Error 502.  Error 504.  Error 520.  Error 524.  Error 525.  It is stupefyingly unbelievable how unreliable that site is.
If and when you can patiently F5 through the errors enough to get to where you want to go!?  You're told that "you must upgrade to Tier 3 verification in order to use this method. Please go to the Get Verified page to upgrade."  Which makes PERFECT sense when you consider that Kraken CLEARLY states that one only requires a Tier 2 account in order to:
Deposit (fiat)		$2,000.00
Deposit (crypto)		No limit
Withdraw (fiat)		$2,000.00
Withdraw (crypto)      $5,000.00
Deposit (fiat)		$10,000.00
Deposit (crypto)		No limit
Withdraw (fiat)		$10,000.00
Withdraw (crypto)	$50,000.00 
Well, Kraken!  Tier 2 is what I have!  So what's the problem? I'm still being "verified" for Tier 3 but it seems that's never going to happen - so the system is apparently set up to deliberately not function but make the user BELIEVE that it SHOULD...Or something... 
GDax apparently can't hold on to the dozens of images of various types of ID and webcam screenshots that I've uploaded to them for more than 15 seconds because no matter how many times I've tried to send them, I keep getting asked to "complete your account to begin using GDAX" and given the option to upload documents.  
Bitstamp has been telling me that I'm not yet verified for about three days, now.  Every day I try to log in.  And every day it's the same message: "STATUS: PENDING DUE TO THE INCREASE IN USER REQUESTS YOUR VERIFICATION REQUEST MAY TAKE MORE THAN 24 HOURS TO RESOLVE. THANK YOU FOR UNDERSTANDING."
Well, "more than 24 hours" seems a bit arbitrary.  That could be 25 hours.  It could be three months.  Basically, what they're saying is "we'll get to it when we get to it."
Which wouldn't be a problem, but for the fact that I'm losing out on a LOT of investing potential here.  It's frustrating, to say the least!
GateHub seems like it could work, but it asks me to "add an extra layer of protection to your wallet by verifying your phone" as if to imply that it's an option.  But it's not an option!  It's required.  Fine!  Here's my number!
But the verification code never arrives.  Literally a dozen attempts to verify my phone number have resulted in ZERO messages from GateHub.
Bitsane apparently USED TO have the ability to accept wire transfers for cryptocurrency purchases, but decided suddenly to stop them.
Changelly had offered XRP on its' exchange up until the point where I decided I wanted to invest in it, whereupon it was arbitrarily removed from their system.  Though I'm sure that even if it WERE listed as an option, there'd be some other obstacle(s) to making a purchase.
So, what do you think it could be?  What unseen force is out there, preventing people from participating in the cryptocurrency craze?  I could understand if one or two of the exchanges were having issues, sporadically.  But ALL of them?!  ALL of the TIME!?
I have to ask myself how cryptocurrency is going to gain any mainstream popularity and be seen as a legitimate, convenient means of conducting business, if the process to obtain it is so outrageously complex...  