@_author: ulz57
@_date: 2017-06-05 16:25:45
My guess is risk/reward. People know there is a risk, but if things pan out, there is also a huge potential for reward. I personally took the advice to not invest more than I'm willing to lose, so even if there are issues and it goes to 0, I'm okay with that. However, there is also the possibility things go off without a hitch, and in that case it is better to be involved before the issue is settled, because afterwards I would expect prices to rise.
@_date: 2017-06-09 16:28:08
I know monero has gained traction as the truly anonymous currency for dark net markets, but what are people actually using ETH for on a daily basis? I've been interested in ETH for awhile, much like I was/am with bitcoin, but I refuse to put any money into a technology I don't really understand. Bitcoin took me awhile to get on board, but I understand it now. However, whenever I try to research what makes ETH unique, or what people are actually using it for today, all I find are sites with a lot of buzz words and predictions about future use cases.
I've heard AlphaBay accepts ETH, but aside from that, are there any retailers or businesses that actually use ETH? I've seen it top a $500 million market volume on days, but is there any way to see how much of that is peolle actually exchanging ETH for products or services, as opposed to just speculative investing? I only ask due to your first sentence implying that ETH isn't primarily speculative investing.
@_date: 2017-06-09 20:45:01
It wouldn't be as secure, because a hardware wallet by definition has much less functions and enables far fewer vectors of attack. However, if you're just doing cold storage, a pi that you keep disconnected from the internet and just run wallet software on is probably pretty secure. I certainly wouldn't have the pi be multipurpose though (e.g. storing bitcoin AND running it as a media center or email server)
@_date: 2017-06-08 21:44:09
Im sure there is nuance I'm missing, but my understanding of the argument against bigger blocks is...
Bigger blocks = larger increase in data = more storage required = higher costs in hardware/bandwidth = pricing out individual users = eventual centralization as companies become the primary organizations able to afford the hardware/bandwidth costs.
Note, this isn't my argument, just what I picked up researching. Although I tend to agree with the idea that running a full node should not become cost prohibitive for the individual.
@_date: 2017-06-07 15:39:45
Despite what you might read here, most of the big exchanges get it right 99% of the time. I've never had any issues with coinbase, but of course some dissatisfied customers will come here to complain. Its just like reading reviews on amazon; people who have a poor experience are much more likely to comment than someone who had no issues.
Also, often times it seems the issue people have aren't even with the service they're complaining about. A bank canceling or holding up payment isn't the exchange's fault, its the bank's, but that wont stop someone who doesn't understand what is going on from claiming they got scammed.