@_author: umuri
@_date: 2014-03-29 00:19:25
Am I the only one who finds this law pretty fair and just?
How dare your income from mining be taxed as income?
How dare your gains from the investment in the currency be taxed as an investment(capital gains)?!
I mean seriously, You bitch no one is signing it, but maybe, just maybe, that's because the bulk of users are the silent majority who actually enjoys paying their taxes fairly and equitably and understands that it affords them roads/etc and isn't trying to just dodge taxes on their income because it comes from a non-normal source.
How dare bitcoin be taxed as everything else is! It's an outrage it's treated like a proper commodity (which it is) and that when money is made it is treated as income! Scandalous that we don't get special treatment!
Also, as for "onerous record keepings", for any business or individual, it's trivial to say, "Bitcoin bought for $xxx at yy/yy/yyy" and "bitcoin sold for $xxx at yy/yy/yyy" and everything else is a simple spreadsheet calculation. You probably do more work calculating your deductions.
@_date: 2014-06-26 13:37:48
You might consider lowering the minimum bounty to 5 or 10 mBtc.  I understand you want to avoid spam, but i can think of quite a few art/quick help bounties that could run in that range. Especially when btc hits $1000 again. 
 Also, the one day deadline for funding is way too short to be effective for crowdfunding. Consider making it specifiable in the bounty creation, or at least extending it to a week.
Other than that looks great for a start!
Edit: 2.5% is a bit high, especially if you are trying to do large bounties and you take it even if the bounty isn't successful. You might consider charging only tx fees (or double them) on returning unclaimed bounties. And putting a cap on that 2.5% or a graduated fee reduction as bounties get larger
@_date: 2017-09-29 08:41:00
Do not pay off your student debt if it is anything close to reasonable rates at anything more than your monthly payments.
Bitcoin, even at its worst, pays FAR more in interest.
Anything below 7% i'd just keep making your payments, pulling tiny bits out when you feel its highs to cover the next 6 months of payments, then slowly chewing into it.
This goes for other interest such as mortgages, always ask if the money you could use to pay it off early, could earn more in your standard investments.
@_date: 2017-10-10 19:33:39
I will note this is one of the first humble bundles in months that allows bitcoin purchases.  
They keep saying a solution is imminent however no work has been visible on them re-implementing bitcoin into their normal bundles. 
@_date: 2013-07-08 18:47:06
I've played this for over a year, and in that time have won  a couple hundred btc, so i thought i'd answer any questions people have, as well as provide some examples of the various forms of play available.
The game has several options to play with little or no deposit on your part.  It offers soldiers,  which work like tiny bitcoin facets, currently giving around 10-30ksat but sometimes btm or even hundreds of btm if you get super lucky.  It also has herb gathering, which is basically like a giant fetch quest without the quest.  Herbs randomly spawn throughout the game world, and if they are found, they can be picked for btm if you have the license. Although if you don't, you can usually call out in chat that you've found one and someone with a license will pick it and give you half value (or 100% for a 1 btm herb).  Herbs range from 1 btm up to 1 btc.  There is also a few social aspects of the game, such as when people smoke cigars(a common method of celebrating big wins), you can stand near them and get whiffs, which impart you a small portion of the cigars value.
Now for the gambling portion. There are two types of game, luck games and skill games. Luck games have just luck components, examples in contemporary gambling would be roulette and slot machines. Whereas skill games have some logic to their play that if you figure out, you'll do better on. Skill games adjust their price based on winnings/losing, so if you learn a skill game and can play it better than anyone, you can win off it, until the price adjusts up to meet your skill level, then other peoples play will lower it back down. 
The game also features a rakeback system, that goes up as you level up.  For example, I currently earn about 2.15% of my bets back in rakeback (called Dragon Treaures), and average rakeback for most players is around 1-1.5%.  
Finally there is a mentoring system. Players are encouraged to mentor new students, and so you'll always be able to find someone willing to help you out when you join the game. The house pays a small portion of its own rakeback to mentors(mentor level - student level), and most mentors split 50% back to the student who earned it. This costs the students nothing, and basically it means by having a mentor not only do you have someone who will help teach you the game and help you avoid losing money, but that it actually pays you too. 
Tldr - Played the game awhile, it's highly possible to make money on by being skilled, game has rakeback, AMA.
@_date: 2013-07-09 04:30:01
I actually did not deposit, but i know most people will not want to do this method, as it is slow, and tedious.  As is always said, it is easier to make money if you have money.
I made a good chunk of my initial money via finding in-game herbs, if you get good at it you can make a few hundred btm a day. But it takes effort.  For reference: 
Herbs provide a LOT more money than soldiers, if you are willing to put in the time.  Without deposit? Your first day or two of soldiers hsould get you to level 2 or so, and then rice fishing is the first skill game it has you do, which is a really easy game to learn (its kind of like draw poker).
@_date: 2013-12-08 09:05:29
To be fair, our state is fairly dry on spendable bitcoins.  Tulsa has 2-3 spots to my knowledge, norman has 1, okc has 2.   
Focus more on spreading the news of why it benefits people to accept it, and you will see more people care about the use rather than the value.