@_author: unapologeticalyalive
@_date: 2014-03-14 17:31:40
To say bitcoin will do well is to admit the dollar is weak. Warren Buffet benefits from a strong dollar so of course he's going to downplay bitcoin.
How can anyone say America survived the collapse of 2008? American *borrowed* the money needed to prevent the economy from collapsing immediately, and hasn't paid it back yet. What do you think is going to happen when we do? Or if we never do, what do you think will happen as a result of that? 
Most of the money was "borrowed" from the federal reserve because no sane person would lend the money at the rate the banks needed. That means is was printed. If the money isn't later paid back and destroyed, that means there will be too many dollars in circulation and the dollar will collapse.
It's inevitable. Either the economy will collapse from paying off the debt or the dollar will collapse from not paying it off. 
@_date: 2014-02-25 16:38:24
Banks fail. They always have and they always will. It's the nature of the business. The US government's backing of the banks doesn't prevent them from failing. It just makes everyone pay for it when it happens. It creates the illusion of stability, which incentivises people to keep pouring money into the system despite its failures, and incentivises bankers to keep taking more risks with their depositors' money, which ultimately leads to bigger failures.
@_date: 2014-02-25 16:32:48
Similarly, since almost every American bank is insured by the FDIC, when big American banks fail the US government goes bankrupt. 
@_date: 2014-03-10 19:04:26
The question here is not when it will be okay for **you**, the subscriber to to use bitcoin. Obviously most people here already do. The question is when it will be okay for Joe Sixpack on the street to start using it.
And to be honest, I'm not convinced by the article. The author seems to think people will take their paycheck and convert it from dollars to bitcoins just so they can go on Amazon and spend those bitcoins. Wouldn't it be easier to just leave your money in dollars and spend it without the extra step?
No, bitcoin won't gain mainstream popularity until one of two things happen: either employers start paying their employees in bitcoin, or retailers start refusing to accept dollars. Only then will bitcoins be more convenient than dollars.
@_date: 2014-03-10 20:56:27
Paypal's the most convenient method of transferring money online to someone who can't accept credit cards. 
Bitcoin is definitely useful, and in the long run I hope it will prove to be a more stable currency than any fiat currency. But the most important feature of any currency is its convenience. Mainstream acceptance depends on that more than anything else.