@_author: uncle_putin
@_date: 2018-01-07 07:08:28
Good for you. 
@_date: 2017-11-21 11:12:11
So you make up 8000 tether and buy a bitcoin with it. You send this bitcoin to another excange and sell it for bitcoin cash. The guy that buys the bitcoin sells the bitcoin for ethereum. The people that buy the ethereum sell it for ... etc etc.  Because it's really really easy to get crypto on and off exchanges in comparison with fiat like the euro and the dollar by far most people trade on the big exchanges with crypto for crypto. So you have a situation where it's doable of getting fiat in the system but where it's hard to get fiat out of the system. How does an exchange prevent to many people from asking for fiat, that the exchange does not really have? Well if the volume is high and the price keeps rapidly increasing then who is going to sell their bitcoin for 5000 dollars when they can sell it for 6000 dollars in a month? And so the high prices lead to a situation where more fiat comes in then fiat goes out, exactly what a exchange that does not have enough fiat to pay everybody would want.  This is a classic bank run scenario. In fractional fiat banking this is a bit different. In fractional fiat banking money is created when sombody takes a loan but when that load is deposited on another bank account now even more money can be created. And so the creation of 1 dollar can lead an additional 100 dollars being created. This ratio used to be controlled by laws but in the build up to the 2008 financial crisis these laws became less strict and strict. In the old days the problem would be with certificates for actually gold. If banks would sell these certificates without the gold actually being there ... then this might work until everybody brings in a certificate and demands there gold at the same time. To avoid these types of bank runs there are central banks that make sure that each bank always has enough fiat so they don't dry out during a bank run.
Now back to crypto exchanges. Nobody knows if there is on some bank-accounts the exact same amount of dollars available as there is tether. What if there are only 60 million dollars  but 600 million tether? Nobody knows. Just that tether is being created, send to various exchanges and then crypto is being bought for it. The other way around, selling crypto and then getting tether for it and then getting usd for those tethers is not possible. Or at least not for the normal user, and again it's not transparent so nobody has a clue.  So what do you think would happen if you can buy unlimited bitcoins with money that you can make up yourself. What happens when the people that sell you those bitcoin all want to get usd on their bank accounts at the same time? That's not going to work unless fiat money in and fiat money out is equal. If this is not equal then the current price of all crypto is inflated. Why all crypto? Cause crypto is mainly both with other crypto. It's almost a closed loop system. Yes there are plenty of small places where fiat goes both in and out. But with 35% of the volume, this is not the case as that volume is generated on exchanges that have no more acces to regular banking. Do you see the problem that can happen when people try to cash out and get actual dollars on their bank accounts? But they won't as long as the price keeps ricing. And the exchanges might not want people to cash out cause they know they can't pay for it, so the only option they have to is blow up the price so that nobody wants to cash out. This works until it stops working cause the  belief changes direction. It might just have stopped working or maybe people stop believing that it can work, that's the exact same thing in this example. 
@_date: 2017-11-21 05:27:34
A rope that bitcoin uses to go to the moon. 
@_date: 2017-11-21 14:16:14
Yeah that's more technical correct. 
@_date: 2017-11-21 05:26:11
Oh are worried the value of your precious coin is going to tank? What the matter, can't bitcoin survive a bitfinex bank run? Is this not good for bitcoin? 
@_date: 2017-11-16 14:14:31
The amount of people here that don't understand that without moderation this sub would turn in to an absolute shitshow ... 
@_date: 2017-11-21 05:32:06
If tether has been printed magically out of thin air without there actually being USD to back it then the bitcoin price is inflated cause tether is accepted at various exchanges and has been used to buy bitcoins. If bitcoins are being bought with tether that was suppose to be 1 on 1 with the USD and if that's not true then Bitcoin has been bought with ... thin air. If that's true then a part of the bitcoin price is there because of thin air. Now the last think Bitcoin hodlers (at least not those how  got in to bitcoin at a price over 5000 dollars) wants is an exchange bank run so we will see how they will react. 
Anyway a massive correction is long overdue. Anything over 5000 at the moment is just not realistic, not with the state of the community and the network and all the drama. Being valueable because you are valuable is not a good formula for a long time stable price, it's a formula for a bubble that pops. Not the end of bitcoin but it might be a couple of years after the correction before Bitcoin reaches 5000 dollars again. Just my 2 cents. I already got goxed once, last think I want is to get stuck in the middle of a exchange bank run having to pay really high fees because the mempool is clogged. 
@_date: 2017-11-16 15:31:16
Good idea! 
@_date: 2017-11-06 07:09:22
is right. This will never work. 
@_date: 2017-11-21 05:21:48
Ever heard of fractional banking? Do you know how much market cap you can generate with 600 million on a unregulated magic black box exchange? 