@_author: unclegary01
@_date: 2017-02-10 23:14:03
The aspect of lightning networks that I don't understand is the context they'll be used in. If the closing of a channel is what actually commits the payment to the blockchain and completes the transaction, how will these be useful outside of situations where people are exchanging multiple payments over extended periods of time? If you having channels opening and closing every time someone wants to make a single transaction and verify it on chain, won't you be giving just as many transactions to miners as you were before?
@_date: 2017-03-11 02:08:45
I really like Gemini. It was also up the entire time.
@_date: 2017-01-11 17:49:19
What exactly is the connection between this and the drop in the price? Is it that exchanges in China that won't pass muster/don't want to be investigated are selling off all their btc?
@_date: 2017-01-28 22:10:31
This may or may not turn out to be true. If at some point in the future cryptocurrency sees widespread adoption, the 99.9% of people who have no BTC and thus no inherent reason to choose it over any big name altcoin are going to choose the most technically sound/secure/fast whatever coin. Bitcoin is not magic, and first move advantage always wears off eventually. We already see a competitive marketplace emerging with other currencies, and if you look at it though that context, no one has ever said 'our business is stronger because we're less agile'.
Yes, being resistant to change makes you less susceptible to frivolous/unwise changes, but it also makes you much less able to meet the needs of the market, as we see now.
@_date: 2017-01-27 15:00:07
Bitcoin holdings are laughably concentrated; less than one percent of wallets/people hold significantly more than half of all BTC. You would be trading one problem for a much bigger one. 
The mechanism you're talking about is mining without ASICs. In an ecosystem where people can get reasonable hash power out of CPU mining or GPU mining rigs, the number of users that would be be incentivized to mine and thus would do so, in theory beats/makes unprofitable almost all attempts to centralize hash power.
@_date: 2017-01-28 03:38:35
Those figures are fairly generous, the numbers I've seen are far more slanted than 1200 addresses for 50%, and it's far more likely that those who own large amounts of BTC have more than one address, rather than multiple people using a shared address.
Given the current state of mining, the only reason why that's still preferable is that miners in pools at least have the ability to leave the pool and revoke their hash power if the pools leadership tries to do something catastrophic. If voting was just done on coins, there's nothing anyone can do.
The idea you're talking about was supposed to be hash power and the ability of a majority of miners to choose the 'correct' chain, but ASICs and pools have destroyed that notion, at least for the foreseeable future. There's no incentive for a large portion of users to mine, so they aren't mining. Distributed was the key word in the idea of bitcoin, which it no longer is.
@_date: 2017-01-28 03:28:40
The ASIC resistant algorithms that are being used outside of bitcoin are being mined primarily by GPU rigs properly equipped to deal with memory hard problems. IMO that is the happy middle ground between what you mentioned and centralization via ASICs. 
Also I didn't say the miners did anything unfair, I suggested that what they're doing negates a large part of the innovation behind bitcoin, and that is causing problems and will continue to do so in the future. 
@_date: 2017-01-27 05:59:29
The space that bitcoin is in right now where the only people with even remotely relevant hash power are "miners, who invested millions of personal wealth" seems so antithetical to the whole premise of bitcoin, and it appears to be bringing all the problems you would expect from traditional power structures.
The future of a healthy bitcoin, or any cryptocurrency for that matter, demands ASIC resistant mining algorithms. If changing the mining algorithm is trivial as Sztorc says, why hasn't that been done yet? 