@_author: unclesaamm
@_date: 2013-12-23 08:50:11
Yes, which is often patronizing, cloying, and pretentious
@_date: 2013-12-23 05:29:37
Yeah, it is a common form of argument. That's why by writing it so explicitly, you're play-acting academic, which is pretentious, and like I said, useless and showy.
@_date: 2013-12-23 06:00:45
I thought your explanation was very clear.


That speaks for itself. Let's say there are two cases.
1) the reader does not understand that this speaks for itself, and after reading this, still is baffled by why you would refuse payment. would your following sentence about "decision-theoretic verdict" really be comprehensible to them? I don't think so--they are likely the kind of person who is intimidated by jargon. if a) you were trying to be helpful, then you failed. or, b) you were not trying to be helpful, you were just trying to show off the existence of this term, then I find that to be bad, for the reason I listed in the edit in the parent comment.
2) the reader does understand this speaks for itself, in which case, you are again naming things that don't need to be named, which I wrote about in the edit in the parent comment.
Statistical analysis is very different than analysis. I don't actually care what you're doing with your time, but if I did, telling me you're doing "statistical analysis" would be very different than saying you're doing "analysis". Real analysis? Analysis of blood samples? On the other hand, a decision-thereotic verdict is literally a decision. The reason decision theory exists is to help us make *decisions*, not "decision-theoredic verdicts". Making a decision by a theory is still a decision.
@_date: 2013-12-23 05:42:16
Uh.. using 'statistical' in that sense is *not* useless, showy, and pretentious. Assuming that I would use it in every situation, is, in fact, a slippery slope, which is a conclusion based on the premise that if A happens, then eventually through a series of small steps, through B, C,..., X, Y, Z will happen, too, basically equating A and Z. So, if we don't want Z to occur, A must not be allowed to occur either.
Also, I should clarify, I think *using* a specific unusual and counterintuitive form of reasoning is interesting. But, it does not require *naming* unless someone is confused and requires clarification. Naming a form of argument without cause is a way of falsely bolstering it, making it sound more intimidating, and difficult to argue back against. Applying formal logic to actual conversations is a hairy process, and I dislike how hastily you chose to do so.
@_date: 2013-12-23 05:11:08
Clearly not a matter of "can't afford to ignore weirdo messages" when you take the time to teach them PGP and play with them like spiders.
Also your entire style is filled with useless, showy phrases like "decision-theoric verdict". You mean "decision", right?