@_author: undersurface
@_date: 2017-12-08 07:41:59
No, that would be SHIT for the price because big money *has already bought up* actual bitcoins, and *they* are going to dump the hell out of them to crash the price, make a fortune, then make a fortune on futures shorts. Think about it. Big money and big finance doesnt want Bitcoin around anyways. They are going to fucking cripple it with this move and make a fucking fortune doing it. Everyones uncle bob and grandma betty isnt going to bear the burden of a big money dump and float the price. It is going to fucking TANK.
Dude. This is like the biggest fucken setup ever, its blatantly obvious whats about to happen and people like yourself are just in some other world of pure denial. Get out while the profits are huge here, imo. I mean, or dont, but dont act like you werent warned if you get fucked into submission this month. BTC will not recover from this crash because as understanding spreads, which it already is, it will be outed as a second or third rate coin vs newer alternatives and nobody will see a reason to pursue it over others. If this isnt absolutely the best time in the history and future to take profits with BTC, I will be extremely surprised.
@_date: 2017-12-08 07:58:17
I probably come off as aggro and rude so sorry. Guessing youre from BC since you spoke of hydro. As a fellow BCer I just want you (and other people who are way up right now) to make mad cash and not miss out on it due to sketch af manipulation thats going on right now.
You know how everyone makes fun of the_donald because of it being a massive echo chamber that ignores reality if it doesn't suit their outlook? Ya.. that's the same as here, with bitcoin. I NEVER said that at any point in bitcoins history, I've never said I expected it to fail or that 10k was impossible, I never dumped on it when most people did, even though I didn't buy in. But this time is different because ultra rich, ultra powerful motherfuckers are about to go nuts on an unregulated market with no checks or balances, and know how to abuse that for THEIR benefit - not yours, not any holders, not new moneys. Theirs. They are the ones with hundreds of billions to throw around here - not us. Do you realize how much money they stand to gain by pulling a dump/short stunt? A metric fuckton. Why exactly would they pass that opportunity up? It's braindead easy money for them.
@_date: 2017-12-08 07:24:45
I've already read about LN. 
Try turning your bitcoin into jewelry or electronics. Gold has uses beyond being a store of value, it does a lot of stuff humans like. It's shiny and purdy and it makes computers do cool shit. It's valuable beyond being a "store of value". 
What did I just say? Being a store of value is not a trait exclusive to Bitcoin when it comes to crypto. It's not a fucken selling point if it's more or less a fundamental quality of crypto in general (Yes yes, I know some cannot serve that purpose at all). Store of value is a bullshit classification. Ethereum could be a fucking store of value, and you know it. Awful "selling point", try again. You are fkn nuts if you think it's going to be a "global currency", and I'm not the type who has ever talked down to bitcoin holders or claimed moon was impossible. It's just that global currency status is almost certainly impossible. Because it's already crapping out and ultra expensive to use with a 400bn market cap.
@_date: 2017-12-08 08:14:58
I read +-20 earlier.. 
@_date: 2017-12-08 07:19:13
Dude. It doesn't, won't ever, EVER be world currency. Ever. It would be a step backwards for currency if we adopted this slow expensive garbage instead of one of the competing coins that are simply fucking better across the board at currency stuff. 
Do you want to spend insane amounts on fees and wait hours upon hours to process your transactions? Gimme a break. Everyone who has read about bitcoin knows that it ain't gonna be a world currency - that's why the spin changed to "store of value, like gold"...remember? And let's not get into how being a "store of value" is not a trait exclusive to BTC when it comes to crypto.
@_date: 2017-12-08 07:32:38
I should have said it's a bullshit selling point  because it makes it sound like that's something exclusive to Bitcoin, when the reality is that *cryptocurrency in general* can be a store of value. So now Bitcoin basically has nothing special going for it, as it cant be world currency and because any crypto could be a store of value. All it has is first mover advantage, name recognition, and pretty much alpha build tech compared to the 2.0 and 3.0 crypto out there now.
"The weight of the network"? You mean how it's going to consume more power annually than the entire fucking globe in 4-6 years at this rate? Ya.. ya that is pretty heavy man.
Give your head a shake. Get off this hype train while it's near peak here before futures shits all over the price and then invest in a fucken crypto with actual fundamentals and genuine potential. 
Sorry, I really have nothing against crypto or bitcoin, it's just that it's obvious  btc has gigantic flaws that are more or less insurmountable that prevent it from being "the world currency". This sub has become some cult shit with insane blinders up. And yes, I do have a rick and morty tattoo, and no, you cant see it.
@_date: 2017-12-08 08:10:40
I don't think the new users are either. Rich people and big money in general have been buying for months, when they were cheap as hell in comparison to now. They can smell an opportunity like this a mile away. The very nature of Bitcoin was probably blood in the water to them the past cpl years. Nearly anonymous. Global. Unregulated. Any average joe can buy some easily. Even without futures the potential for massive profit with price manipulation has always been huge, if you have the $$ to manipulate.
The cap is also 20%, not 10. And this runup is beyond reasonable. It's gone vertical. The manipulation upwards has already happened, that's why the price has gone insane. It's not going to take much to make it crash back down. 
@_date: 2017-12-08 08:18:24
Well good on ya and good luck. I'm going to play around with $600 soon but taking the opposite approach.. figuring I can always FOMO back into crypto if futures doesn't tank them immediately/very quickly and the price moves up. 
If the opposite occurs and I'm in crypto while it happens, I'm just going to lose probably 30-50% or more of my stack right away, is my outlook. I don't care about losing it but I'd rather avoid that when possible lol. It is honestly a really shitty time to buy in right now for a number of reasons.. 
@_date: 2014-10-12 22:54:34
I bought mine on poloniex.
@_date: 2014-10-17 17:08:31
It is though... It's the only platform as far as I know that can hold funds in escrow and automatically release when the criteria are met. There's no middleman.
@_date: 2014-10-17 08:16:01
[Counterparty has one!]( The framework is already there and working. Granted theres no volume, but it's there to be used.
@_date: 2014-10-15 06:09:11
[M'12steps](