@_author: undertheiceberg
@_date: 2016-05-06 03:01:23
David was indeed employed by the FBI.  You will understand.  Please look into the [FBI's InfraGard](  He was a Sector Chief for IT, governed by the same IP assignment contracts as regular employees.  Please PM me if you'd like.
@_date: 2016-05-06 03:49:59
You'd be surprised (or maybe you wouldn't) how far they have reached when they realized what's at stake here.  Please keep an eye on your inbox.  I will send you some research documents.
@_date: 2016-05-06 02:09:44
I have said this once and I will say it again: it has been increasingly harder for me to bear the harsh, uninformed insults that have been directed at Craig. I cannot say that I blame the reaction of the Bitcoin community however; things have developed in a way that is stranger than fiction. It is for this reason that I believe some explanation is owed. I must say it is quite ironic, though not so surprising, that for a technology inspired by distrust of centralized systems, things have played out as they have today. Suffice it to say: David Kleiman was employed by the FBI and, as a common condition of employment, 'governed' by what's known as a confidentiality and invention assignment agreement. I will entrust you to connect the dots.
@_date: 2016-05-06 01:16:01
These days it has been increasingly harder for me to bear the harsh, uninformed insults that have been directed at Craig.  I cannot say that I blame the reaction of the Bitcoin community however; things have developed in a way that is stranger than fiction.  It is for this reason that I believe some explanation is owed.  I must say it is quite ironic, though not so surprising, that for a technology inspired by distrust of centralized systems, things have played out as they have today.  Suffice it to say: David Kleiman was employed by the FBI and, as a common condition of employment, 'governed' by what's known as a confidentiality and *invention assignment agreement*.  I will entrust you to connect the dots. 