@_author: unfurl
@_date: 2017-12-15 12:17:25
Legit has like 70k upvotes on the front page right now... reposted immediately and not even anything to do with bitcoin.
Edit: now 164k
@_date: 2018-02-27 08:10:34
Is mining even cost efficient anymore? I thought the electricity bill from mining costs more than the bitcoin is worth. 
@_date: 2017-05-29 22:11:43
My concerns are:
1) currently not nearly as convenient as using a debit/credit card for most transactions. I know a lot here "hate banks" but I think if you avoid services that cost a lot of money, you can appreciate the conveniences they give you.
2) complication. It seems overly complicated to the average person to buy, store, and spend bitcoin.
3) safety. Bank accounts are typically protected from fraud. If your bitcoin are gone, they are gone, from my understanding.
4) weird one, but with such a limited supply to btc compared to other currencies, you are seeing people with 0.0000134 bit coins, spending 0.00047256 bit coins on a transaction (random numbers), the prices just seem a bit complicated with all of the digits, and owning that little of a currency just feels a bit odd to me. Most average Americans wouldn't have even 1 bitcoin but might have thousands of USD otherwise. 
5) another about separation from banks, we need banks believe it or not. Your bank account alone isn't going to get most people a car or a house or let you go to college, if the Goal is to separate from banks then how will we get our lending?
6) I don't see most common people adapting to it unless something dramatic happens to government currency
7) if government sees it as a threat to their currency and banks, they might step in and regulate it (hurting value) or straight up banning it (really hurting value)
8) with such a limit d global supply , bitcoins will get lost and never recovered (lost wallet info, death of the owner, etc), over a long enough time I think It can really effect it.
Edit: these are the thoughts keeping me from currently getting behind it. If the price drops enough I might buy some to invest, because currently it does seem like a great investment option. My concerns are about its long term usage among common people, and maybe I don't know enough of it yet, but the benefits don't outweigh the concerns to me so far. I think a lot are buying bitcoin because of the investment, but not because they actually care to use it and ditch banks.