@_author: unguided_deepness
@_date: 2017-03-25 05:25:45
"I don't always test my code, but when I do, it's in production."
@_date: 2017-08-05 03:17:14
see section 6 of the TOS, I am afraid you are screwed.
6.  ASSUMPTION  OF  RISK, LIMITATIONS ON  LIABILITY &amp; INDEMNITY
6.1.  You accept  and acknowledge that  there are risks associated  with  utilizing an  Internetbased 
Bitcoin wallet  service including,  but not limited to, the risk  of  failure of  hardware, software  and 
Internet  connections,  the risk  of  malicious software  introduction, and the risk  that  third parties 
may obtain  unauthorized  access  to  information stored  within  your  Wallet, including,  but not 
limited to  your  Wallet  Address and Private Key (as defined below at  10.2.)  You accept  and 
acknowledge that  Blockchain  will  not be  responsible for any communication failures, 
disruptions,  errors, distortions or  delays  you may experience  when  using the Services, however 
caused. 
6.2.  We  will  use reasonable  endeavours  to  verify  the accuracy  of  any information on  the 
Website but we  make  no  representation  or  warranty  of  any kind, express or  implied,  statutory 
or  otherwise,  regarding the contents  of  the Website,  information and functions made  
accessible  through the Website,  any hyperlinks  to  third party websites, nor for any breach  of  
security  associated  with  the transmission  of  information through the Website or  any website 
linked  to  by  the Website.  
6.3 In  using the Website or  the Wallet, you may be  offered services, products  and promotions  
provided  by  third parties.  If  you decide  to  use these third-party services, you do  so  at  your  own 
risk  and are solely  responsible for reviewing,  understanding and complying with  the associated  
terms and conditions. We  expressly disclaim  any liability for the third-party services  and are not 
responsible for the performance of  the third-party services  or  servicers.
6.4.  We  will  not be  responsible or  liable  to  you for any loss  and take  no  responsibility  for and 
will  not be  liable  to  you for any use of  our Services, including but not limited to  any losses, 
damages or  claims  arising from: (a) User  error such  as  forgotten passwords,  incorrectly 
constructed transactions, or  mistyped  Bitcoin addresses;  (b) Server  failure or  data  loss; (c) 
Corrupted Wallet  files;  (d) Unauthorized  access  to  applications; (e) Any unauthorized  third party 
activities, including without limitation  the use of  viruses,  phishing, bruteforcing  or  other means 
of  attack  against the Website or  Services. 
6.5.  We  make  no  warranty  that  the Website or  the server  that  makes it  available,  are free  of  
viruses or  errors, that  its content is  accurate, that  it  will  be  uninterrupted,  or  that  defects will  
be  corrected.  We  will  not be  responsible or  liable  to  you for any loss  of  any kind, from  action  
taken,  or  taken in  reliance  on  material, or  information,  contained on  the Website.  
6.6.  Subject to  7.1 below,  any and all indemnities,  warranties, terms and conditions  (whether  
express or  implied)  are hereby  excluded  to  the fullest extent  permitted under Luxembourg  law.  
6.7.  We  will  not be  liable, in  contract, or  tort  (including, without limitation, negligence),  other 
than  where we  have  been  fraudulent  or  made  negligent misrepresentations. 
6.8.  Nothing in  these Terms excludes  or  limits  liability for death or  personal  injury  caused  by  
negligence, fraudulent  misrepresentation,  or  any other liability which may not otherwise be  
limited or  excluded  under Luxembourg  law.
@_date: 2018-03-17 06:22:58
the world is not anymore the way it used to be, mmm mmm, No! No! No! They are coming and are coming in waves.
@_date: 2017-05-29 07:19:54
SegWit your mother if you want SegWit
