@_author: unhungsero
@_date: 2016-06-15 20:09:46
Hop rate is critical here- want to be within 1/e of the Kangaroo constant for your local network segment, or all you will get is skips.
@_date: 2016-07-30 00:27:34
Doesn't the 'gas' functionality prevent arbitrary length execution? Most serious programming languages are Turing complete and therefore undecidable, but don't have any computational limits built in other than the capacity of the underlying hardware they run on- gas theoretically prevents things like infinite loops and stack explosions by resource limiting computation at the moment of origination.
You're right that verifying that Ethereum apps work correctly is a problem without a perfect general solution, but I don't think that dooms the system. Really, I think a lot of the problem is that a lot of early Ethereum apps (like the DAO) were excessively complex for the early stage that Ethereum is at. Escrows and the like aren't very sexy, but they can be verified by inspection and black box tested and still potentially serve a purpose. It's the nature of the Internet economy for a plan by the Right Brothers to break the sound barrier is easier to get funding and attention for than a plan to build a working wind tunnel.
@_date: 2016-07-30 23:45:34
Actually, I think that there are a number of possible use cases for Ethereum. I just think that in putting the DAO front and center they've made it clear how different Ethereum is from Bitcoin... Bitcoin is something akin to an Internet protocol. Ethereum is more like an IPO that anyone can join as an investor or an employee, but the DAO membership clearly has quite a bit of leverage over its future direction. 
@_date: 2016-07-31 00:31:21
I think if you're going to invoke economics you have to acknowledge that intangibles often determine success rather than being the optimal technical solution. It's also the case that existing solutions for some of Ethereum's use cases are encumbered enough by cost and infrastructure requirements that it is very difficult for new players to enter the market. It's still very early for Ethereum and I don't think we really know how things like ASIC-resistance and Bitcoin dependence will play out in the long term.