@_author: uninterestedbarber
@_date: 2018-01-02 11:18:54
Bitcoin is far more decentralized and secure than any other coin. You can't compare coins on transaction time and fees alone. You may disagree, but I guarantee you that Bitcoin would be able to withstand a much more powerful attack than some "XRB" or whatever coin you can come up with based on some arbitrary criteria.
As it currently stands, Bitcoin is evolving into something resembling an immutable, unassailable, decentralized, sovereign digital asset. I'm sorry that it's not efficient at buying frappucinos, but it solves many other problems. If your use case is using it as a payment gateway, you'd be much better off with Paypal, Venmo or Visa. For my use case (storing millions of dollars of value, completely trustlessly and out of reach of shady actors), it works perfectly.
The value of a crypto asset breaks down into the following components:
- speculative value
- store of value value
- transactional value
- merchant adoption value
- security and decentralization value
Not every coin/asset can be good at satisfying all these criteria because some of them are mutually exclusive and come at the expense of others. Claiming that Bitcoin is dead because it doesn't satisfy some arbitrary criterion you came up with is solipsistic and arrogant. There are legitimate use cases beyond those that you immediately perceive.
@_date: 2018-01-02 11:55:34
Bitcoin is an immutable, decentralized, censorship-resitant, sovereign digital asset. It works just fine. Use something else to send chump change, or wait for LN to come online in the following weeks.
@_date: 2018-01-02 11:57:26
Gold is clearly a failure since it can't get me in the subway.
@_date: 2018-01-02 10:15:44


Nice attempted jab, and completely unnecessary. Neither was I, FYI.
Bitcoin is an evolving, living, breathing system. Right now it's evolving toward something that best resembles a sovereign digital asset. You can try to use it for buying frappucinos if you want, but I think we can both agree that it's not its best use case at the moment.
You're like an angry person in the early 1900s who is complaining that airplanes are useless because every person can't own one at home and use it to get to work.
@_date: 2017-12-31 19:29:35
You seem to mistake Bitcoin for a payment gateway of some kind. That's not what it is. Bitcoin is an immutable, decentralized, censorship-resistant, sovereign money. It also happens to be constrained by certain parameters that are needed to guarantee decentralization (which creates sovereignty, Bitcoin's principal raison d'etre), which is causing it's on-chain fees to be a bit high at the moment.
For my use case (storing millions of dollars of value out of reach of any single political actor) it works perfectly. So Bitcoin is indeed "useful" and "fulfills an actual need" for a certain class of people.
If you want to pay for coffee and "get rebates" and "dispute charges", you're advised to avoid cryptocurrencies and take a look at credit cards, Paypal and Venmo. I'm not trying to be snarky, you really won't benefit from cryptos if that's your main use case. You'll benefit more from other solutions and everyone will be better off for it.
@_date: 2017-12-31 19:19:05
The protocol is not "maintained" by anyone. The "core devs" are simply developing one client, called Bitcoin Core. The widespread consensus dictates the protocol. If any "core devs" attempt to modify the protocol without getting sufficient consensus, their modification will be rejected and they will end up with a useless fork.
You really seem not to understand what Bitcoin is or what decentralized protocols are or how they work.