@_author: uniquezoe
@_date: 2017-07-05 13:41:13
Hey AnderKey! I've been a 100% ETH hodler up until these last few days. I recently took out a grand or so to dump into ANS. It seems like it's a Chinese-centric version of ETH. Similar coin supply (ultimately), smart-contracts, etc... Curious to hear thoughts of folks in here. Thanks!
@_date: 2017-07-04 13:57:23
A revised Rule 41 would allow the FBI to use a single warrant to hack an indefinite number of computers anywhere in the world. To hack a computer today, the FBI requires a warrant issued by a court with jurisdiction over the location of the targeted machine. After December 1, the FBI can quietly get a warrant from any federal judge and hack not merely a single computer but all computers connected to it…and so on and so on.In theory, a single warrant issued anywhere in America would allow the FBI to control millions of computers on a botnet whether or not they were located in the United States.Tor and its equivalents are a prime target, as evidenced by the recent shut-down of KickassTorrents and the arrest of its owner Artem Vaulin. (Although the arrest occurred in the Poland, it was driven by a complaint filed in the District Court in Chicago, and Vaulin is being extradited to the U.S.).The change to Rule 41 is designed to attack Tor through its user base. To justify the single warrant required for mass surveillance, the FBI merely needs to show that someone tried to cloak his computer’s location. The FBI could then pursue the user and all of his computer connections.
@_date: 2017-07-04 13:39:52
Bitcoin.com examines what the bill means and how it could affect Bitcoin with Special Counsel at Anderson Mori &amp; Tomotsune, Ken Kawai, who has held numerous speaking engagements on the legal issues of virtual currency regulations in Japan.
Since Bitcoin’s inception, its legal position in Japan has not been clear. The first bill containing provisions for virtual currencies including Bitcoin was submitted to the Diet last Countdown: Bitcoin Will Be a Legal Method of Payment in Japan in Two MonthsMarch. It amends the existing Payment Services Act and the Act on Preventing of Transfer of Criminal Proceeds.
@_date: 2017-07-18 12:46:54
Awesome news!