@_author: uniquelylost
@_date: 2018-04-26 07:20:59
**Well that's just FUD. There are currently over 100+ businesses using MCC and the API has processed thousands of payments perfectly fine. Using MyCryptoCheckout you can use the same wallet and automatically detect unique payments from an endless amount of customers all at once.** 
There are other ways of detecting unique payments besides being forced to generate a new address for each payment. Not to mention a lot of altcoins don't even have HD wallets currently available to do that.
And if you really don't like the idea of using the same wallet there is also a setting in the plugin that lets you rotate however many wallets for the same currency as you'd like.
Also, any customers underpaying won't result in any orders being marked as paid anyways. No store will let you pay whatever you want for the products!
@_date: 2018-04-26 09:15:42


**Incorrect** 
Customers do pay the exact amount for the products since a unique coin amount can be generated many many times with less than .01c difference. And your "usecase" above is illogical since if you claimed you've paid for my order and my order has my order details, name, address, and so on, what is that going to do for you exactly?
In a given timeframe no orders will tell the customer to pay the exact same amount of crypto coins due to an algorithm we created. In other words every order has a unique amount to be paid in a given timeframe. This is achievable due to the deep divisibility of crypto coins while having a negligible effect on the actual price.
And again, if you really don't like the idea of using the same wallet for multiple orders there is also a setting in the plugin that lets you rotate however many wallets for the same currency as you'd like.
@_date: 2018-04-16 06:17:12
Thanks :)
@_date: 2018-04-16 23:41:16
Great instructions on how to auto convert crypto to fiat! Will add similar instructions to our docs for anyone else interested. In addition to exchanges, we have been exploring various methods of making auto exchanging crypto to fiat easier to help businesses avoid volatility such as: partnerships, adding stable coins, and so forth. Hopefully in the future there will be an array of options to choose from to accomplish this.
@_date: 2018-04-16 06:17:45
Nice :) 
Should you have any questions or comments let us know.
@_date: 2018-04-16 22:31:20


Hi, we are adding new coins all the time, in the next day or so we will take a look at Nano to see how there blockchain works and the feasibility of adding it :)
Typically when adding new currencies we have a list of requirements they must meet:
* The currency must be decentralized
* The server must run on Linux
* There must be a blockchain explorer so that currency processing can be checked in detail (addresses, amounts, etc).
* Needs to exist on coinmarketcap