@_author: unity100
@_date: 2017-12-18 21:32:31


Are you kidding the prevailing economic regime is already trying to take over bitcoin. 
@_date: 2013-04-11 16:46:24
dont blame people. everyone needs money. some need money for survival, some for families, some to send their kids to school, some to take care of sick/elderly. and in the kind of economic system which takes more from the poor and gives it to rich, everyone is in dire straits, or fearing their future. it is human nature. instead of belittling or despising them, pity them. 
@_date: 2013-04-11 16:44:21
NOONE could have guessed something like what happened in cyprus ( bank robbery ) would happen, and people would escape into virtual currency. leave aside operators of any exchange, no single rational person would predict such an event. but it happened. and the accompanying media hype, pushed the demand even higher. 
it is NOT easy to run a web service for financial transactions under HUGE demand. london stock exchange put millions of dollars into setting up new trading software running on linux. and it took years.
what mt gox is doing is not different - it is functioning like a stock exchange with users setting up pre-set sale and buy orders, which kick immense number of transactions when certain buy/sell orders coalescing in certain price points are met. 
hard to blame mt gox, if you are an individual which is affluent in web technology, or working in web development / server administration field. 
but of course, they could do better than to use one powerful single server to run their gig. at least a cluster, some decentralization would have helped.
@_date: 2013-04-11 16:31:31
avalon asic miners should bring you ~$4-5 k every month apiece from mining already. you dont need to quit your job - they will do their job themselves. for now, you didnt do a bad investment. but, you should immediately cash out and convert the bitcoins you get from asic miners at the end of the month to dollars, so that you can recover your investment and be safe. 
@_date: 2013-04-12 16:20:20
im wondering why the hell you didnt spread your operation to a few clustered servers protected by at least a modicum amount of ddos protection.
@_date: 2013-04-12 16:27:42
Man, if it takes your datacenter freaking TWO weeks to prepare you 2 servers, you are at the wrong datacenter. look at respectable datacenters like softlayer, hetzner, liquidweb. 
@_date: 2013-04-11 16:40:37
media may forget, investors do not. going over $1 bn cap and also proving high volatility have basically showed that bitcoin platform was equal to small, emerging economies in 3rd world which the investors like VERY much to invest and make huge amounts of money through speculation. because such countries' market caps are small, investors from bigger countries can bring big clout to speculate their market. and then they push it up and dump and rinse and repeat. of course, we are talking about serious, sizeable investors. i am living in such an emerging country, even if it is not 3rd world.
and, bitcoin has shown that HUGE money could be speculated in the past two months. from this point on, speculative investors wont let it go. they will keep playing with it.
this is bad in some respect - it will be huge volatility. but it is good in a respect that it places bitcoin firmly as something serious financially. this will bring credibility to the platform - even if it harms its value as a currency to use, it will keep it respectable as an investment platform. which could help it to be adopted by mainstream as a currency, in the long run.
@_date: 2013-04-12 16:48:55
read it again, and you will see. bitcoin is not stock market yet. if nasdaq flopped, there would be other indexes, if all flopped, there would be london stock exchange or other exchanges around the world. now, we are trying to prove the world that bitcoin can work. kill 1 emerging exchange, you kill half of credibility of bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-04-12 16:28:12
yes but those bot accounts wouldnt be able to withdraw any money to bank accounts.
@_date: 2013-04-12 16:15:00
this isnt a commodity, securities, exchange matter. this is a matter regarding the future of a ground-breaking technology. and for that, for the better or for worse, exchanges like mt gox are needed, so that the public at large can actually engage in this technology and make it mainstream. if, a measure of people who want profits NOW more than their profits and freedom in future, sue it out of existence, this will harm the technology to no end. 
there is nothing wrong in trying to make quick buck over a financial technology. but not only everything being wrong with harming it to extreme by lawsuits and shit, it is also extremely stupid to no end.
Those who used bitcoin as a 'get rich quick' investment tool, did that in their own peril. And if they start blabbering about 'lawsuits' that could damage the technology and community at large, everyone here has the right to tell them to fuck off. 
@_date: 2013-04-12 16:22:50
"Fine" ? Try BLAZING. This publicity have propelled bitcoin to mainstream. Now people will just keep coming in.