@_author: unitrij
@_date: 2018-10-02 04:07:21
That depends a lot on the mortgage and your own personal wishes for the future.
Many people get themselves in to a lifetime of debt that they're never able to pay off because they fell in to the trap of believing that it's somehow more sensible than paying rent. It isn't. If you're going to get a mortgage, make sure you do the maths on it beforehand to make sure you can really afford it and pay it off in a sensible timeframe.
I personally do own property, but I bought it much later in life and I don't actually live in it. The property I own is somewhere I don't particularly want to live but can make a good return on when I feel like it's time to sell it. I pay someone to manage it for me and they (as well as rates and other ongoing costs) are paid for out of the rent I charge the tenants. It's a desirable location in a university town, so it's never been unoccupied for more than two weeks out of the ten years I've had it. It roughly equals out to me earning "nothing" from it but also paying "nothing" for it, while the value appreciates and it is kept well maintained. I rent a house where I do live, because I probably won't stay in it for more than a few years at most because I really don't like being stuck in one place.
If however you're the kind of person who will be comfortable living in one place for a long time and have a sensible mortgage, then maybe buying is going to be a good idea.
Note that nowhere in the above did I compare it to buying Bitcoin. Bitcoin is a very risky investment, and while I do think it will appreciate significantly in the long term, I'm far more interested in simply using it as money than in speculating on its value.
@_date: 2018-12-17 14:38:45
There are no winners or losers in bitcoin until you sell.
Paper gains don’t count as profit or wins until it’s realized.
Not everyone can cash out at the same price due to supply and demand.
This is basic economics 101.
@_date: 2018-12-17 14:41:00
Bitcoins characteristics make it the hardest money ever created by mankind and from all I know about economics, thus it's only a matter of time until it will be the world reserve currency.
If bitcoin is the next global money (after gold, not even the dollar is a truly global money), then that's a multi deca-trillion USD asset. Or, even if it's only for store of value, it's also a few tens of trillion USD market cap.
The road from zero to 10 million per bitcoin, which again, isn't extremely outlandish within the next 10 to 20 years, is going to have extreme volatility.
In fact, if it weren't as volatile, it would feel manufactured, unreal.
These extreme ups and downs are completely normal and expected, if not welcomed, for something that is establishing itself as a truly a-political, sovereign world reserve asset.
@_date: 2018-12-17 14:37:01
You sold your apt &amp; bought bitcoin on the day the mkt topped? Real estate market moves super fast where you are. Can't tell you how many ppl there are with a story like this. I mean, they see something went up 10k in 10days, call a real estate agent, that comes over in an hour with a bag of cash, ppl go the bank 5mins later, the bank has no problem whatsoever with someone immediately wiring their profit, (I mean, no clue how much equity OP totally had when he did his 1 hour sale) to a cryptocurrency exchange (before wire cutoff mid-day) and market bought a top.
