@_author: unlikelytobeyou
@_date: 2014-04-07 11:40:05
You would be amazed at how many people get malware from trying to download firefox, google has had an ad for a fake version of firefox as the top search result for a long time.
On linux this doesn't happen, because you are using trusted package repositories (and if they are going to screw you over, they could just do it in a kernel update, you already trust them). 
@_date: 2014-04-07 11:31:43
Depending on the laptop that is a really dumb recommendation, trisquel can not (yet) run properly on all hardware. For example on my laptop it can't talk to the wifi card. I would recommend either debian and then doing your own hardening, or finding some distro designed for security.
That said, it is my opinion that Debian, without more hardening, is secure for all but the most sensitive information (ie very large bitcoin wallets), so long as you watch what software you allow to run. The most important part of computer security (even to an extent including windows) is to not run software you don't trust with everything on the computer. 
@_date: 2014-04-07 16:12:32
Yes, software has bugs, we all know that. Package managers don't get rid of bugs, that would be ridiculously amazing, but probably impossible. What they are good for in this context is two things, keeping software up to date, patching security wholes on your system faster, and (what I was talking about in my above post) making sure you get the official copy of the software. Not what you would get by clicking on the first link for firefox in Google. This mitigates what I would speculate is the most common source of malware, of people installing things not realizing they are actually malware (and not just vulnerable pieces of software as in your examples). 
I know I'm in and supposed to be advocating for decentralized authorities instead of centralized authorities. But I would rather a central authority who is working to keep my computer secure then a central authority who doesn't even try to (called googles search engine). 