@_author: unparalleledleaf
@_date: 2017-12-05 18:10:30
I've jokingly refer to it as Shrodingers Hard Drive, ~~but at the moment I lack the funds to have the plates read.~~
I just checked prices around where I am at the moment (Bay Area) and found that it is cheaper than where I was previously. I'll be looking into this, but I am worried that because the data is just a couple wallets what is stopping them from taking the wallet and running off with it as their own? The price I pay pales in comparison to what they could obtain, if say, they weren't "able" to recover the data.
@_date: 2017-12-05 17:45:49
I understand his pain and I'm sorry for your loss. I have my own story of economic loss attached to bitcoin. I'll tell it here for those that would like to hear it.
I mined in college when I was studying as a method to focus on studying (GPU mining) as to reduce/prevent me from gaming. This was from about 2009-2014. I roughly 1000 BTC (to be fair I did buy some as well when they were really cheap.) In the summer 2013 I had began mining other coins, as I thought a diverse portfolio would be beneficial, so I did one of those miners that would feed into a pool and spit out whatever coin was most profitable at the time by some algorithm. 
I was able to build a nice nest egg, it contained some dead coins, but overall it would support me if I ever needed it to. Being young and able to work I chose to begin working and simply stored my cryptos on an external hard drive that I kept on a shelf in its enclosure. 
I figured waiting for bitcoin, litecoin, doge, etc to grow would be the best bet, so I hodled. I was working, and didn't need the money, and was pursuing other things at the time.
Then my Mom was diagnosed with Cancer in August('16) of last year, as I was having a budding relationship with a woman I thought I'd spend a significant amount of my life with. Well long story short on that, my Mom I would like to proudly say kicked cancer's ass, and that woman was terrible. I stayed with her for too long and was depressed nearly the entire time. Most of which I accounted to my Mom being ill and watching her go through chemotherapy and trying to help her in anyway that I could. I never disclosed to the woman, who will remain nameless, that I had a a hard drive with potentially millions of dollars on it. I like to live my life not worrying about money. So she had no clue that I had anything like that stowed away in case of anything. 
Well my Mom's insurance premiums went up and I talked to her over coffee/tea and said I could potentially cover all the medical bills without going into debt. She was excited, as her chemotherapy treatments were winding down and her energy was coming back. She was making an excellent recovery. 
After coffee I went home to find the woman I was dating cleaning. Not a big deal, I had let things get messy in my moodiness and it needed to be done. I went to grab my external hard drive off the shelf and found the enclosure had been cracked. She said she had dropped it. I attempted to plug it in, and it did not work. I took the enclosure off the drive and plugged it in to a SATA port, to no avail. I asked her to leave at this point. Our relationship never recovered and a week later we broke up. 
I had to go to my Mom and tell her that I would not be able to pay what the insurance did not cover. I fell into a depression for a few months. I quit working, and was  an inconsolable asshole to most the people around me. 
I eventually came to terms with my losses a couple months later after talking to a few of my old professors. Their advice was to take it as a measurement as to measure all my other economic successes by. They assured me my earning potential is far higher than what I had done simply as a college student trying to force himself to study instead of playing games. I still don't know if they were right, but it got me started again. I owe a great deal to those who taught and mentored me, as it got me out of my depression. 
I was deeply burned by the loss of my crypto-portfolio, and I doubt I will ever regain any of the levels that were obtained during those years. The difficulty has increased so much, that mining with my hardware would likely net a loss for quite a long time. 
I can say I have not given up on cryptos, I recently began tapping faucets to build a small portfolio. I also have determined I am going to teach, because my former teachers helped me so much and the only thing I can do to honor them would be to help and teach others. I may never be as affluent as I once could have been but I think my life will be rewarding in other ways. 
I wish your brother had people like I did that got him more pissed off than depressed. I know I was lucky to have who I had that spoke to me in the way they did. I don't know where I would be today without them.