@_author: unphasedguy
@_date: 2018-03-10 03:10:26
First Post ever on Reddit, Let me start off. I invested in ATH. Slowly added more every few weeks. My Portfolio is Negative and it was all my savings working a low paying Job. Am I one of the few that wants bitcoin to crash? Look at our world today, If u work a low paying job after being highly Educated. U will understand. System is broken. House prices keep increasing and inflation is at a all time high. Don't u want equality? Do u not crave for freedom from a system that has marginalized those that struggle while rewarding the greedy. I invest in Bitcoin and Alts for my future, for the future of all of humanity. I want each one of u. Following the price to step back. Look at what u have really Invested in. Not about the $ but the significance. As a average man or woman with Debt and struggle. We need change, we need to find our place in world driven by profit. I will not sell and I will buy more. Even when it reach's 1$ a coin. I will support bitcoin and Cryto's i believe in. We need this, U need this. Poor or Rich. A Change is required. Believe in what u invest or leave. Don't care if u crash Bitcoin prices on your way out the door. We will be stronger after.  
@_date: 2018-03-10 03:49:08
I really admire your answer, my struggles are tiny in the grand scheme. I believe that the Block chain is a technology that will forever change the world, given enough faith and support from a dedicated community. Bitcoin is just a gateway and thus will remain a staple, an innovator that introduced the world to new age of Fintech. I have no doubt bitcoin will become a storage of wealth eventually, even if the overall worth is less than what people predict. I want to support this movement. It is a change in the global landscape that i hope people can see. It is not a get rich quick scheme. Rather a change, in the way wealth is distributed and managed. A hope for people towards a better future. This is my small way of contributing. I admire each one of those that have invested in this movement not just for gains, however far something greater. 
@_date: 2018-03-10 04:17:16
Thank you very much, I appreciate your advise and this is something i have been experimenting with. I know you are right, I work 2 jobs and often write down ideas in my "book" of what is in demand that i can sell or create a business out off. I will never give up. However, My crypto is a investment in the future. A hope and faith that my tiny bit of investment will feed innovation that will disrupt a industry that has bled countless innocent people with no alternative choice. I only wish that people don't just view Crypto as a vehicle for monetary gain. I will take Ur advise to heart. Every moment is a learning opportunity. 