@_author: unsafereload
@_date: 2019-10-11 15:53:42
The Man loves hearing people talk like that knowing you have zero privacy and they can track how you make and spend your money.
@_date: 2019-10-11 16:47:34
Brainwashed to the max. Sound like a communist too. Most transactions are not public and shouldn't be. Very few are like real estate sales. It's not about what you have to do it's about what you \*want\* to do, privately. Not everyone is a wage slave who works on "salary" either. It's no one's business how pother private citizens make or spend money other than the tax authorities. You must live a really boring life if you have no secrets. A person who wants no privacy for themselves or others simply can't be trusted.
@_date: 2019-10-11 16:29:13
How did they brainwash you? You're fine with having every transaction you make traceable for your entire life? You never want to spend money or buy a good or service that you aren't comfortable having everyone potentially know about and embarrass you? Gambling, strip clubs, sex, nothing?
@_date: 2019-10-12 20:40:37
Most transactions are not made with Bitcoin and generally aren't public. I like Bitcoin and it has its place. I made some nice money with bitcoin as many people have and I use it to facilitate certain types of transactions. But it's not the be all and end all of money or currency. Cash, debit, credit cards and even occasional paper checks are useful for other reasons and have other benefits that Bitcoin doesn't. Privacy for cash transactions is one of them. I realize that in today's world a lot of privacy that people used to have has been eroded away by law &amp; technology, with some benefits as tradeoffs.  I find it strange how some of the people in Bitcoins subreddits and forums want to form their whole identity around Bitcoin and have it replace all other currencies.  Maybe you want your money to be traceable and don't mind giving up your privacy in that way, but other people don't agree with that. It's nice to have freedom of movement and anonymity to a certain extent to be able to do things privately and secretly.