@_author: unseenviolence
@_date: 2015-04-27 17:04:54
You made the argument that SR removed violence from an entire industry without backing it up.  That's broad enough to cover all of the industry surrounding the illicit drug trade.  You literally made an argument with no basis and are now telling us we need facts and figures.
  
@_date: 2015-04-27 16:25:26
Can you tell us how you quantified how much violence was removed from the industry?  Are you assuming that some blue collar not having to leave their house somehow removes violence.  Keep in mind that some of the worst violence comes from supply and distribution and the silk road did nothing but put pressure on those systems to produce more.  
@_date: 2015-04-27 17:19:22
If you're limiting yourself to the consumers and distributors, I'll assume you mean local distributors or street dealers.  Then show me the numbers there?  This goes both ways.
  
We can apply logic here and objectively look at the Silk Road and who they served.  They served everybody.  From consumers to distributors.  So using your same logic, that violence removed because one person didn't have to go outside, we can also assume a new "distributor" was enabled because they didn't have to go find a source.  It was right there on the internet.
  
So it was easier for people to buy on Silk Road and then turn around and sell it on the streets, thus making more distributors trying to turn a profit.  More competition on the streets means more violence.  More people cutting the drugs with other things and possibly harming others because they want more profit.  We can go around in circles all you want, but it always ends up with silk road doing more harm than good.  If anything, it really just made the lives of the most advantaged easier while still hurting the very bottom of the system, from production to the streets.  Enabling the most advantaged is a common theme in the US.
@_date: 2015-04-27 18:55:21
I think the argument can also be made that most of those users weren't at risk of street violence to begin with.  Most users probably came from blue collar backgrounds where the education you need to overcome the barrier to entry into the silk road market can be overcome.  You needed to be able to acquire bitcoin, have a computer and know how to connect it to Tor and that wasn't always easy and certainly not free.  
@_date: 2015-04-27 18:13:54
That study does not back up your statement that "it's safe to say that the silk road reduced the risk of violence for casual users".  It is safe to say that people where enabled and drug dealers had a reliable source for the street product they pushed.  Even if you count each buy as a single individual(highly unlikely), that's only 146k people in a market serving 20 Million+ consumers(marijuana).  
  