@_author: unspy
@_date: 2014-01-01 06:53:21
Krugman calls Bitcoin Evil, and then I'm told that Pen Jilette is jumping into the crypo-currency... I wonder if there is a connection, Jilette being an immoral Pagan that he is... yes, the message is clear, bitcoin is evil, just like those atheist libertarians who support it. 
@_date: 2014-01-01 06:57:56
What I waiting for is the Gobal Open Money Revolution to toppel those bastard in the ivory towers atop the corrupt system of centralized power. The days of Empire are over... the legacy banking system is obsolete and when enough people know it, government will have reinvent itself. This my friends, is how we take our power back and make government serve the people instead of itself. 
@_date: 2014-01-02 01:15:56
yeah, like Krugman saying Bitcoin is evil 
@_date: 2014-01-01 07:04:08
Everything of value should have a BTC address attached. Just think if Google did that when selling ads based on best selling keywords. The old game of supply and demand would reap Google big profits and boost BTC through the roof at the same time. They could become the single greatest hold of coins (next the FEDs who got DEAD Scott Roberts wallet). Will Google do this? No. But someone else could, say StartPage. That would be a huge profit center for them, or say CraigsList, just charge Realtor to post on their site in BTC would create a big bump in the value of Bitcoin... those kinds of bumps are coming, you can be sure of that. 
@_date: 2014-01-12 21:18:38
Correct. And in both cases they are false authority. True authority flows from the autonomous individual. When anyone (or any thing) attempts to coarse or otherwise manipulate others with a threat of violence (or undue influence), then their actions become evil. Why are their actions evil? Because they have set themselves up as a "false authority" which denies the rights of the individual. What we need most is self-government and individual responsibility. Al Gore was right when he said "Regulation of money supply needs to be depoliticized... especially as it applies to virtual currencies."
Mr Gore also said, "I think the fact that within the Bitcoin universe an algorithm replaces the functions of [the government] … is actually pretty cool." I agree. Money has always been the ubiquitous control architecture for every political system. It works best when people under such false authority remain ignorant of how they are being manipulated.
This is true of every a political structure, including the religious variety. In much of monotheism, sin has always been equated with a debt to God. Under the surface of faith, the real fiat currency of the church is guilt, and so the fear of hell became every priest’s stock and trade. The OP got it right, "Banks and governments ARE like religions: They propose protection and paradise until you graciously decline their offers, at which point they threaten you with scorched earth and damnation."
@_date: 2014-01-12 21:35:27
Apples and oranges buddy. Wealth disparity is inevitable, its only bad when its done parasitically. North Korea is as far away from a free market is one could possibly get. Bitcoin, on the other hand, is the only true free market in the world. Indeed, it makes Wall Street look like North Korea.  
@_date: 2014-01-01 06:50:20
Inflation is used as a monetary tool for redistributing. What you said is correct because the rich will recognize inflation and continue to profit despite the change in value. A similar technique was used during the Cold War.
Maybe we are in the early days of the second civil war, only this time rolls are reversed. What makes this time different is all the strong centralized governments of the world are all going to experience that same reversed civil war at the same time... that is what I like to call the Global Open Money Revolution. 
It will be a bloodless coup that will topple the ivory tower of the false authority known as the Federal Reserve system. The FED charter is up effective midnight (if I'm not mistaken) only ten minutes from now....so let that mark the date that the New World Order of Anglo-American power began to lose control of us. The ubiquitous control architecture for every political system is doomed with the rise of Bitcoin
@_date: 2015-03-06 16:15:23
Yes, according to the article I read. The plan is to expand to other funding sources in the future, but Coinbase is the default during the launch phase. 
@_date: 2013-06-29 18:15:30
This is from JOG's "End of Ordinary Money" (1995) [link](


@_date: 2013-08-08 16:53:10
"Akamai is one of the world’s largest distributed-computing platforms" ...okay, so does this mean MtGox will no longer be just an easy victim of denial-of-service (DDoS) attacks? If so, then this a good thing and should help stabilized the market. 
@_date: 2013-09-06 00:57:43
Thanks for the update. Didn't see that. 
@_date: 2013-08-26 00:07:02


First, if you define "fiat" as that which has no intrinsic value, then you could call Bitcoin a fiat currency, however that is not what the word fiat really means. Second, Bitcoin does have value apart from it utility as a currency, therefore it is wrong to claim it has no intrinsic value.  


It was those tasked with oversight that created this problem in the first place, is it reasonable to expect them to fix it? I think not. Two top IMF officials and the former Vice President of the Dallas Federal Reserve have all warned that the U.S. has been taken over by an oligarchy. 
If you want to know how this mess got started, read this:
@_date: 2013-10-26 03:55:47
Whenever Stossel interviews Ron Paul, you know it's going to be good. 
@_date: 2013-06-09 23:19:38
If your willing, I'd love to get in on that action. In fact, I just joined reddit (after lurking for years) just so I could give you my BTC address: 1DdeC4sQmgdKndLKYiN2LmYeiCGAwgy9bW
@_date: 2013-08-25 06:16:16
Good point. You are correct. 
The issue here is not separation of Bank and State, but rather the separation of money and State. Remember the Occupy Wall Street movement? Within days the  movement spread all over the world with one unspoken demand: full stop to political corruption and economic injustice. Leaders of that movement said they wanted to get money out of the political process, but they just didn't know how to accomplish that goal. Nevertheless, that message seemed to resonate with a lot of people, and it still does...
Many in the  movement wanted to believe they could force their political "leaders" to reform the system from the top-down. This, of course, is pure folly. Change only comes from the bottom-up and Bitcoin is the answer that the  crowd could not articulate or imagine. Many still don't "get it" because they cling to a BELIEF, namely the BELIEF that a bad tree "should" give them good fruit.  
Gustave Le Bon said, "The beginning of a revolution is in reality the end of a belief.” 
Bitcoin is changing the world and nothing Congress does can change the fact. In the end, it will be government itself that will have to change. Yes, the time has come to demand honest government and that means we must demand honest money. Bitcoin didn’t ask for permission to exist, and in the same way we need not look to any false authority like Congress for permission to spend it. Make no mistake about it, open source money is a revolution but in this revolution the only death will be our false BELIEFS about money... And as fiat money dies so will those systems of false authority that use it to control our lives.
@_date: 2013-12-13 17:34:40
TruDat... actually no one can sell in this new category... not yet anyway... I just tried and got this: "Listings are not permitted in this category at this time. Thanks for your attention to this matter. {e44874-786329x} " and the Insertion fees: $9.95 --- WTF ????
@_date: 2013-06-10 17:56:52
Yeshua said that...and he was really saying "give to the Kaesar what is Kaesar's (but nothing more)... then give to EL what is ELs. If you don't do the later (give to God), why do the former (give to the IRS)? 
@_date: 2013-09-05 17:33:53
Correct, the Pope makes the assumption that "common good" must be determined by the Powers-That-Should-Not-Be, namely the State or the governing authority (which the Catholic church once was). So we can see the such false authority is opposed to "absolute autonomy" of the individual because they deem themselves to be the administrators of righteousness in this world. When money is controlled from the top down then you get this OLD WORLD point-of-view. It is time for a change---it is time for the New Age of Man. 
Max Keiser: Satoshi Nakamoto is the name of the developer who released Bitcoin in 2009. I call them the “Cyber Christ” because, potentially, it is so much of a game change at this point. It’s such a quantum leap away from the Federal Reserve system that is killing economies around the world, that we are going to have a massive, global, coming-to-an-understanding, a revelation, that finally we’re going to escape the nightmare that is the central bank system. 
@_date: 2013-09-05 17:46:59
I can't speak for Billy Bob Bit, but America has quietly become less free in many ways than nations like Cuba, China and even Venezuela. At the same time, China is beating the US  own game. Consider this: 
@_date: 2013-06-10 17:04:53
Learn more here: 
A virtual limited liability company (VLLC) is a type of legal entity that does not require a physical presence or in-person board meetings. The company type was first legalised in Vermont, USA in 2008 and in 2010 the Icelandic Modern Media Initiative began drafting legislation based on the Vermont law which would allow virtual companies in Iceland.
@_date: 2013-07-17 18:07:33
Yes, that is obviously true, however Ericsson is pushing their own version of Ripple called "Open Money" and therefore they're watching the bitcoin market very closely.... it's logical to assume Ericsson is paying attention to what BEX.io is doing, and may even see an opportunity form them to graft in their "Open  Money" product with these new exchanges (i.e, in the same way Ripple could do).  
@_date: 2013-07-16 20:48:00
It is good idea because it allows the BEX client to focus on their core business and everyone does what they do best. This is the way to change the world at warp speed. Those who operate in the USA may be "brightly painted targets waiting to be shut down" but the smart money will operate outside the USA. 
@_date: 2013-08-08 16:26:38
Bottom line: Bitcoin is now money as defined by the US legal system.
Shavers argues that his bitcoin investment (Ponzi) scheme was not under the jurisdiction of the SEC because Bitcoin is not money, and is not part of anything regulated by the  the Securities and Exchange Commission or the United States legal system.
Wrong. 
So says, Judge Mazzant in a four-page order the US Magistrate found that federal securities law gives the court subject matter jurisdiction over the case. "Bitcoin is a currency or form of money," the judge wrote. Mazzant added in support of his finding that investors expected a profit and that a common enterprise existed.
@_date: 2013-11-04 02:36:51
...will this be a Dark Wallet? er... no, far from it. If they ever do launch a product like this, it will good for the value of bitcoin (pushing the price up), but I won't be using it.  
@_date: 2013-09-05 18:23:14
In the early days of eBay and PayPal (when there were two separate companies) those people  highest level were very much aware of the "Alternative Currency" issue. They were very much aware that even in those early days they stood on "sacred ground" which could be used to leverage a new money system. 
Think about it: If you create a new money system, in order to make it successful you also need to create a market place for that new money. Of course, the founders of eBay were aware that they had a the perfect marketplace for a new money system, that is why they grabbed PayPal (x.com) and later Skype. At every step they have done what it would take to create (and monopolize) an alternative to the Federal Reserve Notes we call money. 
The question is why did they not move forward and take over the world? The answer is simple, a "higher authority" placed them in check. That power above them could also see the "sacred ground" upon which they stood and demanded worship. Those at the top of eBay fell on their face and said, "Yes, my LORD and my GOD, command me your servant." 
I for one did not expect those who worship and fear the government to one day loose their religion. It would be good for humanity, good for eBay, but bad for G.O.D. (Government Ordained Delusion). This is the real reason eBay will not accept bitcoin, they know it offends their god. 
Yes, it is sad, but on the other hand is also a blessing, because it allows those of us who reject this false god to move forward, establish our space in the market, and do so without the gravity pull of behemoths like Amazon or eBay. Screw those government worshipers, who need them? 
@_date: 2013-08-19 14:27:32
I have a good friend that I've known for years who argues with me about bitcoin, he maintains the view that being anonymous is never a good thing, and the when it comes to money, everything should be transparent. My own view is very different. While my friend trusts government I do not. He strongly feels that government must curb the free market and solve the problems in the world. Again, I hold a different view.
Bitcoin is changing the world and nothing Congress does can change the fact. In the end, it will be government itself that will have to change. Bitcoin didn’t ask for permission to exist, and in the same way we need not look to any false authority like Congress for permission to spend it. Make no mistake about it, open source money is a revolution but in this revolution the only death will be fiat money and those systems of false authority that use it to control our lives. We are moving toward a future where money and state are separated, this will mean less power for the state and more power for the individual I view this as a good thing.
@_date: 2013-09-06 01:31:06
I think that would perfectly fine. They should go for it, why not? The point is the company knows they can profit and yet takes on action. To me, this suggest a hidden agenda on the part of someone. My guess is the Feds have made it known that if "the Big Boyz" of the Internet jump on the bitcoin bandwagon, there will be hell to pay. 
@_date: 2013-09-01 18:32:53
Iceland is another place to watch.
@_date: 2013-12-30 20:19:48
Decentralize everything! But start with money.
@_date: 2013-09-06 01:25:03
I appreciate the thought, but many "conspiracy" website have been cut off by PayPal without warning and no explanation. They seem to pick and choose what political free speech they like or don't like. I find this strange because PayPal obviously makes a huge amount of its cash from the porno industry. It's not like they have the moral high ground to sit in judgment on anyone else. Yet they do. 
Is it really such a stretch to suggest they are being pressured by government "regulators" to take these actions? We know that was clearing the case with WikiLeaks, I'm just suggesting that the problem is more widespread and eBay is very careful not to offend these Federal Regulators who could shut down their cash cow. Hell, they might be giving certain agents kick backs/bribes etc. This happens all the time with Federal "regulators" in just about every industry.  
@_date: 2013-07-15 22:14:58
Technology makes true 100% democracy possible, however, our founders did not hold democracy in high regard, that is why they gave us a Republic. 
"Democracy... while it lasts is more bloody than either aristocracy or monarchy. Remember, democracy never lasts long. It soon wastes, exhausts, and murders itself. There is never a democracy that did not commit suicide." --John Adams
@_date: 2013-07-16 20:46:09
I'd like to see Bex.io support the NameCoin project. Although Namecoin can be used as a currency, it is mainly intended to be used as a decentralized DNS system. 
The Internet uses the Domain Name System (DNS) to associate the names of computers with their numeric IP addresses and with other information. The top level of the domain name hierarchy, the DNS root, contains the top-level domains that appear as the suffixes of all Internet domain names. The official DNS root is administered by the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers (ICANN). In addition, several organizations operate alternative DNS roots, often referred to as alt roots. These alternative domain name systems operate their own root nameservers and administer their own specific name spaces consisting of custom top-level domains.
It seems to me this new network being created by Bex.io could "kill two birds with one stone" (as it were) by building out the NameCoin Internet Architecture at the same time they deploying their own Bitcoin exchange network. 
Both of these things could change the world for the better. 
@_date: 2013-09-01 18:06:21
In 2009 Iranian banks accounted for about 40 percent of total assets of the world's top 100 Islamic banks. Bank Melli Iran, with assets of $45.5 billion came first, followed by Saudi Arabia's Al Rajhi Bank, Bank Mellat with $39.7 billion and Bank Saderat Iran with $39.3 billion.
Iran holds the world's largest level of Islamic finance assets valued at $235.3bn which is more than double the next country in the ranking with $92bn. Six out of ten top Islamic banks in the world are Iranian.
In theory, Islamic banking is an example of full-reserve banking, with banks achieving a 100% reserve ratio. However, in practice, this is not the case, and no examples of 100 per cent reserve banking are known to exist in practice. Nevertheless, it does seem like that best place for a bitcoin bank to operate (outside of the Federal Reserve system).
@_date: 2013-07-17 18:20:58
And you ask what this has to do with anything? My answer: Ericsson is biggest company yet to jump into the alternative currency market, AND they have the pulse of the mobile market. That is news worthy. Why? Because they have vast resources backing them up and their new "Open Money" will function like Ripple, working in tandem with bitcoin. This is big news because what Ericsson does with OM is likely to cause more "ripples" than the vapor-ware by the same name. 
Ericsson  (a.k.a. Telefonaktiebolaget L. M. Ericsson) is a for profit publicly listed (NASDAQ OMX Stockholm and NASDAQ New York Stock Exchanges) Swedish technology company with 110,000 employees,  $33.8 Billion in Revenue and $2.15 billion in Operating Income for 2012. 
 
@_date: 2013-06-10 17:29:04
More and more entrepreneurs today are choosing the "virtual company" business model instead of loading up on costly infrastructure. One of the companies that have been successful in deploying the virtual company business model is Provectus Pharmaceuticals Inc. When interviewed the CFO of Provectus said, "[Our] Company... needs to be very flexible in its use of cash. The best way to be flexible with cash is to have as few fixed expenses as possible. The virtual model is ideal for limiting fixed expenses since it minimizes overhead."
@_date: 2013-09-06 01:12:37
So you think eBay submitting to higher authority is bullshit. I agree, but they do it. Consider how PayPal was pressured to stop funding WikiLeaks, this is not a conspiracy theory, it actually happened. Why? Because there is a "higher authority" and because PayPal is basically a bank and therefore must conform to the FEDERAL regulators rules/requests. In the same way, eBay and Amazon are very reluctant to make a move in to the realm of alternative currency even though it would be in their best interest to do so. 
@_date: 2013-08-25 04:37:02




I'd say it looks like both, but in either case I think we can all agree it is no more Federal than Federal Express. We might also agree that it is the seat of power and false authority behind the Almighty Dollar. Calling it a "temple" has more to do with this fact than its Greek architecture.  
People can judge that for themselves....
here is the Google street view: 
The term "temple" was made popular by William Greider's "Secrets of the Temple: How the Federal Reserve Runs the Country" (1989) which Nancy Pelosi said was required reading in her day. "The fact is that the American people want to know more of the secrets of the temple," said Pelosi, referring to the William Greider book. 
Source: 
A must read for anyone who wants to understand the workings of the Federal Reserve System is  "The Creature from Jekyll Island: A Second Look at the Federal Reserve" (1994). This book by G. Edward Griffin details the history of the Federal Reserve, "revealing how the American government has used the Reserve as a way to deceive taxpayers and control the global economy and explaining how the Reserve influences the flow of money between citizens, businesses, banks, and the government." (quote from Google Books). 
@_date: 2013-07-16 20:45:36
I just had a look at their website; "Bex.io uses Elixir, which is a dialect of Erlang. Erlang was originally written by Ericsson to deal with highly scalable and concurrent applications such as telecommunications networks and is highly suitable to Bitcoin exchanges."
Perhaps you might be familiar with some of Ericsson’s Mobile Phone offerings? Sony Ericsson was joint venture between Sony and Ericsson that began in October 2001. Sony acquired Ericsson’s share in the company in February 2012. 
"Ericsson is beginning to connect banks, money transfer organizations, payment service providers and Internet service providers to form a more flexible, interoperable ecosystem that we like to call Open Money. It is our vision that one day everyone with access to a mobile phone will be able to spend, send and receive money as easily as sending a text via SMS."
 
A few weeks while most of us were distracted by a Patent Application by BitBills, there was another Bitcoin related patent application that was filed by Ericsson.
@_date: 2013-09-01 18:29:18
I wondered about that myself.. and in my view, what people do with their money (cash or bitcoin) is not of any concern to the bank. Why tell them what you use your bitcoin for? or more particularly how could the bank determine that, even it they wanted to do so? I think the concept is called privacy... not sure that it still exists in the West, but perhaps there is more respect for the privacy in the banks that function under religious law. 
@_date: 2013-06-09 23:47:52
I think this drop is just basic supply and demand effecting the market as they are expected to.
See: 
Interest in bitcoin is dropping over time as the media bubble hype subsides.  That's basic economics, not foul play.
@_date: 2013-08-08 16:31:52
If bitcoin is money, you can bet the IRS wants to take a bite. 
"Beginning in 2007, the IRS assessed the tax compliance risks from virtual economies, and in 2009 posted information on its Web site on the tax consequences of virtual economy transactions. However, the IRS has not provided taxpayers with information specific to virtual currencies because of other priorities, resource constraints and the need to consider the use of these recently-developed currencies, according to IRS officials."
@_date: 2013-07-17 18:38:04
"Ok Roger, this is what you are going to do: Read from this statement and try to appear as natural as possible. If you don't, you can kiss your 1,000 BTC with us goodbye"
@_date: 2013-09-04 20:33:10
The Pope said free-market capitalism had created a “tyranny” and that human beings were being judged purely by their ability to consume goods. Money should be made to “serve” people, not to “rule” them, he said, calling for a more ethical financial system and curbs on financial speculation. Countries should impose more control over their economies and not allow “absolute autonomy”, in order to provide “for the common good”.
But wait a second, what is this talk of “absolute autonomy”? Isn't that the promise of Bitcoin? And the Pope is saying that the State should not allow “absolute autonomy” because it is a bad thing. Yes, he said that but not in the context of the bitcoin. Clearly he was talking about the “absolute autonomy” of the State, or did he mean the Bank? Okay, I confess I don't get it. 
@_date: 2013-08-25 05:08:33


Boromir: One does not simply walk into Mordor. Its black gates are guarded by more than just orcs. There is evil there that does not sleep, and the Great Eye is ever watchful. It is a barren wasteland, riddled with fire and ash and dust, the very air you breathe is a poisonous fume. Not with ten thousand men could you do this. It is folly. The world of men will fall, and all will come to darkness.
Satoshi: Let it fall. When fiat currency plunges into darkness, you can cling to silver and gold, but will that save your from the chaos? You speak of folly? Clinging to the past, that is folly. Yes, in the past there were only two forms of money, fiat and commodity backed, but now there is a third. Know this: it will be math-based currency that will save men from that darkness of which you speak. We will not walk into Mordor my dear Boromir, the Great Eye has no power but the power we give it. Why struggle to abolish the Fed when you can just transcend it instead?  
