@_author: untouchablec
@_date: 2015-12-02 19:09:34
I'm sorry while all of this is great... there is no product available right now so you can't be the first?
Ive been hoping for one bit, you guys or whoever to produce a release quality, public available NFC payment system. But reality is... like your competitors, this is vapourware at the moment. Hype is always nice but my attention span won't last until release candidate and this isn't even alpha.
Again, love the innovation... good luck.
@_date: 2014-11-25 19:42:10
Considering the amount of value Bitcoin has lost, its posts like this that just re-affirm the circle jerk to me. I swear some people think 100 upvotes ups the value or something.
@_date: 2014-10-12 08:32:58
I think that's what frustrates me about this subreddit. 
There are a lot of people in here that think that posting and circle jerks relate directly to the price index....
People have made valid points [of view] in this subreddit but are downvoted as it looks at bitcoin harshly. Like oh my god you are going to damage my investment...
 Its only 2 hours in but we'll see.
@_date: 2015-01-31 14:58:55
Sorry my bad for jumping down your throat. Not a horrible joke, it's just sarcasm is lost in text. 4/10
@_date: 2015-01-06 12:28:01
Wolf of Wall Street says those accounts are there to keep your money invisible while the brokers run off with commission in cash.
But yeah, it's interesting to see two completely different views on the work exchange.
@_date: 2015-01-31 10:14:26
Please tell me you're joking...Google won't buy you're coins
@_date: 2018-03-03 20:27:34
Damn I didn't realize a simple question would get you taking everything personally....actually I did.
Dinosaurs realize reddit has internet value, spams every few hours....hmmmm wait a minute......
@_date: 2018-03-03 20:06:36
did you just respond with "I know you are but what am I?"...dude why bring ego to the internet it isn't worth anything
@_date: 2018-03-03 17:24:56
how long ave you been a part of this 8 year crypto project for&gt;?
@_date: 2015-10-29 12:48:57
By clamping down on kidnappers. But don't think securing bitcoin is going to suddenly make kidnappers throw in the towel
@_date: 2015-10-30 21:28:11
Oh man I though we were there. I know that's what you were saying I totally appreciate that. We agree on that. But the departure lies in "leave crypto alone" because of it...why? I dunno, I did think the baseball analogy was dope and I don't think I can explain properly. Sorry. But I still stand by the statement.
@_date: 2015-10-30 13:56:47
 I'm just trying to get you to answer a hyperthetically similar situation to what was presented in the article and what was presented in the comments...you've come full circle and I think we're in agreement how silly it sounds to try and make change on a product to solve unrelated societal issues like being hit in the head or kidnapping.
Which is why it is best, with examples like kidnapping, to just leave cypto (like bats and shit) alone...not really gonna solve anything is it? Like making baseball bats bendable to prevent harm, altering crypto to reduce kidnapping just sounds ridiculous. 
@_date: 2015-10-29 23:41:46
You literally didn't even try to give a rebuttle dude. Your argument holds no weight. Nobody is saying this is not an issue. We're just saying that its not a crypto issue. A solution would be to stop trying to fuck with the chain and maybe put some serious work on the political corruption and organised crime networks that allows these kidnaps to take place
So some dude invades your house and cracks your head with a baseball bat. Are we going to ban baseball bats because they make it more convenient to crack peoples heads open. You are going to ruin the essence of baseball if you do something like that. Like I seriously want to hear a rebuttle on this.
Instead of pretending like crypto is the sole cause and motivation of kidnaping, we should focus on the root of the problem to find more long term and permanent solutions.
@_date: 2015-10-29 11:53:30
Nah...its a people problem
Its like saying a drug addicts issue is with obtaining drugs...we need to get rid of meth. Like they wont just move on to Heroin.
Its like saying all these pedo's we need to monitor everyone on the internet to stop them. Like they don't already kidnap kids.
 issue.
The issue of laundering illegal money anonymously is a money issue.
Just because these issues exist...doesn't mean we should tear down the appealing features of crypto to sedate these issues
The issue of Ransom is a people. Should it be discussed...certainly...failsafes? Maybe. 
But mutilating bitcoin (on a wide scale) is just fix the other ills of society is not a good way to go.
It would be better off to fix the issues. Leave crpto the fuck out of it.
@_date: 2015-10-30 15:57:13
Nah you just being stubborn. But its all there in black in your user when I was spitting other similar hypertheticals.
I'm not saying crypto doesn't help kidnappers. Im saying changing anything about crypto for kidnappers is stupid. Just like you see changing bats for attackers is stupid and troll worthy.
All the things you said helps the kidnappers helps are features of bitcoin.
We really are on the same side of the coin here. You just don't want to admit it.
Leave crypto alone and I'll leave baseball bats.
@_date: 2015-10-30 06:54:28


So why must we change crypto in an attempt to change the kidnap game...the cause and motivation comes elsewhere, so would changing crypto really have an impact on kidnapping? Or would it be a way to stop including crypto in the blame for kidnapping? or a something else?
....ok fair enough with thhe stawmanning with a few examples be you see the direction.so I will rephrase that one to something closer to my other non strawman examples (there was another one)
Would you allow baseball bats to bend on impact? Preventing head cracking heads on impact, violent people have a tendancy  baseball bats when intimidating captors. As opposed to knifes, guns, they offer a less permenant way of damaging opponents without warranting lengthy prison sentences ? You see thee point of my hypotheticals you see where I'm coming from...you are strawmanning my strawmanning right now if we being pedantic.
The effect of changing a product or implementing legislation around a primary, secondary, tertiary purpose of the product to in an attempt to resolve/reduce abuse from a pre-existing, long term societal issue...I just don't understand the logic
@_date: 2013-04-13 13:19:49
My nigga GZA try telling me to diversify my bonds
So I mined a rack of bitcoins; sold out before the price bombed
now its on, doubled up on BTC that same evening
suddenly my phones heaving, from this cash I can't even see kid. 
my shit aint rooted either my nigga there aint no breaching
and the only address I'm receiving is to the spot where your girl living 
currently so she can comfort me while I count multiple currencies; online shopping for luxuries.
Won't get caught up in this fuckery,
So fuck with me,  put your face up on the darknet, 
title reading 100BTC for James Cropcho death.
Personally I think BTC will open a brand new category of rhyming lexicons for unimaganitvie rappers. No way you're coming close to me, I'm 1BTC your a Satoshi. My Hash rates on a hundred, thousand, trillion. Might have to wait for 6 confirmations for you to send me that bread; but I only need one confirmation out the back of your head. Sweet jeesus I could go on all day with this. Fuck robbing a bank with ski masks and glocks, when I can threaten a few nerds to DDOS Mt Gox. I never tip a bitch, only my transactions, 6 confirmations thats a chain reaction.
@_date: 2013-04-27 10:51:33
I've always seen it as "I could care less [but I don't care to]" (translation:IDGAF how much I care about a certain matter because I haven't thought about it that hard) and "I couldn't care less" (translation: I thought about it and I give zero fucks).
So he could care less about it coming in a plastic crate, but really hasn't/won't give that much thought to it due the the hash rate promises.
yeah I am obviously diverting from some more important things in my life.