@_author: ununoctiumtesticles
@_date: 2015-12-14 08:23:21
jarederaj, nullc (Gregory Maxwell), and Szabo fail to understand Turing-completeness. Craig Wright apparently does.
Before you downvote, make sure you read my entire thread about Determinism and unbounded entropy. Because you are wrong. Period.
Preventing Turing-completeness is damn hard to accomplish. Idiots think they have.
Craig Wright may or may not be a fraud. I do not have an opinion on that aspect. I am just referring to the allegation about who is correct about Turing-completeness.
Edit: Although I think my explanation on my thread is more insightful on why, I found this which explains that it is very difficult to not have Turing-completeness:
@_date: 2015-05-25 02:49:04
[More discussion](
@_date: 2015-05-25 01:34:20
All of the user's sensitive data should be encrypted with the user's password, thus capturing the password hash should not reveal these unless the password has been cracked. If necessary to compare these other data points before comparing the validity of the user password, then a hash of them can be compared.
Also a site with such level of popularity and profit should be using servers that can only be accessed biometrically or physically.
An additional precaution would be to run the database server as a hidden service (although Tor appears to be compromised), so it is difficult to find the server.
@_date: 2015-05-25 01:54:58
It means storing forum messages in a decentralized blockchain, where replies (and edits I guess) are sent as "transactions". Centralized servers could mirror this blockchain and forward posts. Each post would be digitally signed so that only you could post under your public key. Names could associated with public keys by placing name records into the blockchain. PMs could be encrypted messages stored on the blockchain. Presumably this would not be free and would require micropayments, since blockchain miners do not work for free.
Bitmessage has some facility for decentralized discussion lists but it is crude and wouldn't scale any way. Also it is bundling anonymity that should be orthogonal to the serving of a discussion group.
@_date: 2015-08-01 20:30:26
I am AnonyMint (Shelby Moore) posting under one of my other usernames. I currently post on Bitcointalk.org as TPTB_need_war.
Armstrong is predicting an acceleration of the sovereign debt contagion as of October (2015.75) outside the USA. This will drive a stampede of safe haven seeking capital into the dollar and the USA stock market, creating a bubble in both that will peak by the next turn in the ECM 2017.9. In the interim until October, the capital has been moving into the short-end of the sovereign bond yield curves, which is setting up the final peak in sovereign bonds globally by October. After that, it will be all dollars, USA stocks as the goto investments. Gold and other private assets (ostensibly including Bitcoin) will finally bottom in Spring 2016 with egregious lows (e.g. &lt; $700 for gold) as everyone piles on short. The bottom for private assets will be due to short covering at these blood-in-the-streets levels.
Armstrong doesn't seem to understand that Bitcoin was designed by the DEEP STATE to help institute electronic currency worldwide, and TPTB love Bitcoin (heck they created it) because it is entirely trackable and will be part of their economic totalitarianism campaign wherein terrorism, money laundering, and tax avoidance will be the excuses to expropriate all private wealth in the their coming global smash up by design to bring the world to a NWO monetary reset and system of top-down control.
Thus Armstrong incorrectly sees Bitcoin as a threat to governments, but Armstrong doesn't even agree TPTB have such power to organize. Please see the Martin Armstrong thread in the Economics forum at Bitcointalk.org for more discussion about MA's myopic on TPTB.
I also believe Armstrong subconsciously resists any grass-roots solutions, because:
1. He wants to push his proposals for collectivized equity-for-bonds swaps, which I have criticized for being both impractical and also since investments are not fungible, his proposals resolve basically to more centralization of power amongst the fat cats. His retort has been that the best we can do is cooperate with the politicians and fat cats. Of course I disagree. Fuck them. Let's reset the world in a new grass-roots Knowledge Age instead.
2. His clients are very high networth and I don't think they could fit their existing networth into crypto-currencies. There isn't enough liquidity yet. The generative essence is that these old world investors can't really invest in the Knowledge Age. They are too fat, not nimble enough, and too lazy to learn the technologies involved. Armstrong is in his upper 50s and is a baby boomer. I am X-gen. It is time for those dinosaurs to step aside.