@_author: upboatofficer
@_date: 2018-01-03 09:55:10
Check my other comment reply above, I think that is a specific speculative use case, which is just one use-case of bitcoin. Arguably a minor one. What % of population actually use it to really store value versus speculative use? What % of population actually use it beyond store of value, as a cash/payment system or the other use-cases it provides beyond all this? I think we are not even scratching the surface here. Depending on how much faith we have on the future of bitcoin, we could barely be in the early adopter phase. 
@_date: 2018-01-03 10:00:12
Possibility for remote work or is it required to be Vienna?
@_date: 2018-01-03 12:03:23
Correct. I googled around for a plot of the log of s-curve and found [this]( from this [thread]( where you can find a whole bunch of such estimations based on the log curve. 
The predictions are surprisingly accurate given that these graphs are made as early as in 2014!
you might want to have a look at the above links.
@_date: 2018-01-03 05:25:27
You can check your wallet in read only mode on a computer (any OS) or mobile phone connected online without risks using the xpub or public key of your hd wallet seed. You can use the latest version of electrum on a computer connected online or an app on a mobile phone (bitwallet is the only wallet on iOS that does this). This way you don't need to use tails and wrestle with an old version of electrum and associated installation problems or related tails issues. 
If you don't have it available you can get the xpub in electrum (offline for security) under the option public master key or use an offline version of  (download the site by saving the page and you can use it offline). The site only works if you have a BIP39 seed and not a proprietary electrum seed. Electrum can use BIP39 seeds if you generate it with that site or another BIP39 seed generator.
Also this way you don't need to use tails and an old version of electrum to do transactions. You create a transaction on the read only electrum, save it and sign it on an airgapped computer running a livecd such as ubuntu and a downloaded version of electrum on a USB stick (In the USB stick I keep the downloaded .rpms and a script to install it, so all I have to do is stick in the USB stick and run the script and get to run electrum offline). You can then transfer the signed transaction to the read only electrum on the computer connected online, by loading the transaction there and broadcasting it. The only risk is virus through USB stick, but using a mix of OSes such as macOS as your online connected computer and a lived based Linux on an airgapped computer this is a very low risk. Also as long as you never connect the airgapped computer to the internet there is very low risk. 
 If you have a camera working on the airgapped computer, you can point it to the qr code of the transaction supplied by electrum on the online-connected computer and vice versa (point the online connected camera to the qr of the signed transaction of the airgapped computer) for ultra high security, but that is overkill imho. Alternatively you can use your phone to take photos of the unsigned and then signed qr transactions supplied by electrum if you only have one computer and use it to switch it between online and offline use (and using a livecd for the offline use) by pointing the camera of the computer to the photo of the qr in the phone. However in my experience the Linux version of electrum has shaky camera implementation and also it's implementation on macOS doesn't work. 
@_date: 2018-01-03 05:47:08
Straight line in a log graph serves to interpret the theory of network adoption effect which is exponential. 
@_date: 2018-01-03 08:26:15
Interesting. It really depends where you start from. I think it can be argued that early adoption has a lot of fluctuations which impedes finding an accurate rate of increase. Another debate would be where exactly does early adoption begin and are we even there yet (tech adoption =/= speculative use). Are we even in the *geocities* phase yet?
@_date: 2018-01-17 10:51:50
In your opinion, how much of this downward trend can be attributed to the upcoming cboe settlement? 
@_date: 2018-01-03 08:01:05
According to that best fit it looks like the price should be around 4.400, right? Implying that we are indeed in a bubble?
@_date: 2018-01-03 09:50:05
Isn't the S-curve on the non-log scale though? From what I understand the log scale should show a straight gradient.
Depending on what we envision bitcoin to be, I think it is actually questionable whether we are even on the first adoption phase, or earlier. I think it is safe to say that the use-case beyond store of value is not adopted yet by even a minority, and I think most of us agree that bitcoin is much more than just a store of value. On the other hand can we even consider that the use-case of store of value is in early adoption phase? What % of such users are actually using it for speculation/trading compared to hodling? Speculation and hodling being distinct use-cases here.
When I see the valuations around, I only see valuation based on store of value / currency, but what about the technological aspect of it and the use-cases it provides? I just seems as if it is undervalued even considering such valuations.
@_date: 2018-01-03 08:18:19
Lightning is DAG.
@_date: 2017-12-24 09:05:39
The ideal solution would've been emulating the Linux world as you say. Although Linux=Bitcoin and others using/copying it would be like Redhat Linux=Redhat Bitcoin. Linux is a registered mark and Linus owns it afaik. Bitcoin should've  been registered long time ago however the owner would have to have been as lenient in sub licensing it as Linus has been - which would solve the situation with bcash where they would've not been able to solely use the name bitcoin to misrepresent.
@_date: 2017-12-22 23:36:47
Looks like we are the only two in this thread who watched this until the end.
@_date: 2017-12-24 16:24:01
Someone should photoshop the text below to say "Now with more SPAM!"
@_date: 2017-12-24 11:43:12


So you assume all tech people or people who would like the idea of bitcoin but who haven't looked into it were onboard already? First time I played around bitcoin was when it was less than 100$, I didn't look too much into it, didn't read the white paper, and thought of it as something impractical and unworkable ("who is going to use this?"). I even got some small amounts of BTC playing those click games which rewarded a small amount. This was years ago. I lost that wallet, but it could probably be less than a few bucks anyway.
I took a second look at BTC a few weeks ago thanks to all the noise. This time I read the white paper, I watched some of Andreas' talks and read a bit more. I bought a small amount and am keeping it regardless of the short term fluctuations of the price. I have some concerns but they are not related to the block size "debate". 
There is a network effect, I am one, and I know there are others.
@_date: 2017-12-24 11:13:17
It's simple. The people joining in only because of the price increase are the ones contributing to the bubble. The ones which join and/or stay for the tech and its future are not contributing to the bubble. A correction such as we saw should have helped get rid of most of the speculators who don't care about bitcoin. Basically:
People joining in because of the news surrounding the price increase and in the process discovering what an amazing thing bitcoin is do stay. I'm one of them.
Bubble = speculators who will never care about bitcoin - (bitcoin believers + new bitcoin believers who joined because of all the noise)
There is a network effect going on.
@_date: 2017-12-22 23:19:06
I think the FAQ is addressing non-segwit non-online wallets and not online wallets, online wallets are never recommended.
So unless you want to trade with your coins (on an exchange) it is best to move them out of online wallets and into software (or hardware) wallets where you have the private key.
@_date: 2017-12-24 09:15:21
The problem is how does this model work in the face of spamming attacks with the intention to degrade the network in order to push a fork or a replacement from a competing system as we're witnessing today? I understand that resources for spamming are limited, but what if they have so much to spend making the network slow down for a long time, enough for their "bcash is fast!" to actually convince people who know little about bitcoin?
@_date: 2017-12-24 11:53:17
Only if you can time the market. I attempted to do this and lost a bit. It's basically gambling. So I learnt my lesson: HODL.
@_date: 2017-12-24 12:10:04


However that depends on the amount of money one can afford to throw at an idea one believes in. How is this any different to people who spent money and/or time in helping develop early technologies they believed in? Obviously those who look at this as an investment "get rich quick scheme" are part of the bubble.
@_date: 2017-12-24 14:14:45
Yes but that is not the point. The point is what if someone stores a copyrighted material in the block chain which is then hosted by nodes?
@_date: 2017-12-22 23:10:29
As a newcomer who has been reading almost everything in this sub and elsewhere for the past weeks, I just found out about [the coinbase March 2016 blog post you posted]( for the first time today. 
Why isn't there a sticky or a post in the sidebar, or constant reminders about this? It is a vital piece of information given the state of affairs with coinbase and bitcoin. After reading it can anyone question that coinbase and bcash are not in effect one and the same? Is there more material on this subject showing a clear link between the two which hasn't been posted lately around here?
@_date: 2017-12-24 13:19:06
Price is "high" -&gt; about to go down -&gt; SELL! -&gt; Price goes higher! -&gt; FUCK!
Price is "low" -&gt; about to go up -&gt; FOMO! BUY! -&gt; Price goes lower! -&gt; FUCK!
Morale of the story:
