@_author: upholdofficial
@_date: 2017-12-04 17:35:07
You can easily buy any amount $5US and up in BTC on Uphold. If you have any questions, feel free to reach out to us! 
@_date: 2017-11-14 15:34:26
The Uphold team has been in contact multiple times with OP. You can find our full response above. However, OP failed to provide factual information. He did not have an approved business account, he was never approved to conduct transactions as an exchange and he fails to respond to numerous requests from our team to resolve the issue. 
@_date: 2017-11-14 16:13:04
This is correct, and the issue which flagged compliance protocols. The OP was never approved as a business, and we do not support exchanges. OP was operating against terms of service and has failed to provide requested documentation. 
@_date: 2017-11-14 15:18:50
OP, your claims of non-response are incorrect. You have in fact been contacted multiple times by our compliance team, and requested to provide the necessary documentation - as you were NEVER an approved business on the Uphold platform. 
@_date: 2017-11-14 15:08:15
While we generally do not respond to Reddit threads, we felt it imperative in this instance to share these additional details and clarify misinformation as the OP’s post was inconsistent and misleading in what information he provided. 
At Uphold, our focus is always on the safety and integrity of our members’ and their funds. Accordingly, as with any regulated financial institution, if a member account transacts an abnormal or higher than usual volume their account may be temporarily suspended and additional due diligence conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. 
Recently, an Uphold member triggered these compliance protocols with a substantial uptick in volume in a less than a 24-hour period.
After careful consideration and reviewing the post and subsequent comments, we believe it imperative to clarify misinformation and factually incorrect statements made by the OP.  
Our team has been and remains in frequent contact with the OP.  
The OP has NEVER been approved as a business to operate on the Uphold platform. He did have a brief discovery call with our team to negotiate discounted fees, along with an unannounced and unscheduled in-person meeting with our dev team. NEITHER of these meetings satisfies our due diligence process. Additionally, after multiple requests, the OP continues to refuse to provide required documentation to our compliance team. 
The account remains suspended due to serious regulatory concerns. Our team uncovered that OP / Nexchange fails to perform - require KYC or due diligence on their customers.  This, along with a number of reasons places OP and any account he has with Uphold in direct violation of our terms of service. As such, the member's account will remain suspended until such time as they are able to provide the requested documentation to satisfy our compliance requirements and regulatory obligations. 
Once OP has complied with our requests by providing the requested documentation, and our legal and compliance team are able to satisfy the additional due diligence required from a regulatory standpoint we will evaluate the relationship and either allow the member to continue in the platform or return the funds in a method consistent with regulatory obligations and close the account. 
