@_author: upholdsuxthrowaway
@_date: 2017-02-08 16:08:28
I got the same response as well. I actually used Bitwage (a wonderful service!) and they have unfortunately partnered with Uphold (formerly Bitreserve) without letting customers know the nightmare that this partnership brings.
Receiving bitcoin as a portion of your paycheck via Bitwage, if not distributing to "Bitcoin Network" and choosing "Wallet", it goes to an Uphold account - where it is held until you provide many forms of identification (SSN, DL, selfie, etc) that seem far beyond those of other AML/KYC regulations used on other exchanges. Even BTC-only, without touching USD, it's a one-way street and the customer is not informed.
First of all, they do not have a phone number that you can contact for support, nor do they explain everything fully in a way that is easy to understand. As OP suggests, and actually there is a bit of nuance in the wording - I was informed that Uphold *CANNOT* close or delete your account, as this functionality is not currently available and there is no ETA on when it will be. *FROM THAT POINT* in the future when it does become an option to close and delete your account, your data will be kept AT LEAST 5 years.
I have a sizable amount locked up, and am debating what to do in this situation. Logically, I see the following actions available to me:
1. Provide identification, at risk of this data being compromised, in order to unlock my funds and withdraw them from being held up.
2. Leave the funds for dead, knowing my personal data is safe.
Possible outcomes:
1. Uphold is perfectly safe for the next 5+x years and deletes my data according to their current policy that is outlined.
2. Exchange is hacked - either my held up BTC are lost, or my SSN.
Combinations of the above:
1. Provide ID, everything is fine, withdraw immediately, Uphold holds up their end of the bargain and in 5+x years they delete my data.
2. Provide ID, withdraw immediately, Uphold gets hacked in the next 5+x years and my sensitive data is compromised and now worry about identity theft.
3. Do not provide ID, Uphold is not hacked, my BTC are still upheld.
4. Do not provide ID, Uphold is hacked, and my BTC are lost but my identity safe.
Any suggestions on what to do from others in similar situation? I think I would rather lose a few coins than worry about and deal with identity theft. It fucking sucks to throw away several bitcoin just to keep your identity safe.
@_date: 2017-02-08 16:23:16
Personally, I have had a terrible experience where I am faced with a choice to either put my identity at risk for 5+x years or leave quite a few coins upheld. No USD involved. I was not informed of this situation before BTC was deposited to Uphold via Bitwage.
See other post, here:
@_date: 2017-02-08 16:43:39
AVOID Uphold unless willing to provide full identity.