@_author: upnflames
@_date: 2018-11-25 16:22:45
The difference though, is the type of pullback. Previous declines were due to a lack of confidence in bitcoin and recovery was due to investors successfully dispelling those doubts. This is not the same thing. Bitcoin has never been through a general market pullback. We’re due for a global correction. It is coming and it’s not a bad thing. But when markets decline, speculative money is the first to leave. And there is still *a lot* of speculative money in bitcoin. Bitcoin will decline a lot more before it sees the floor. No one really knows what the true value of the currency is because it’s impossible to tell who is speculating with it and who has confidence in it as a currency, but holders should be prepared for significant future declines as big money heads for safety. 
Recovery is another thing that may be unlikely for bitcoin. Can it survive 2-3 years with prices on the floor? While it had previous recoveries, that is because it was still the shiny new thing with low volume driving high prices. It only reached five figures because big money decided to jump in. When they come back to play in 2022, will those same people be interested in bitcoin? It’s possible, sure. But I think it far more likely that there will be another, more popular speculative investment for big money to play with. Maybe it’ll be another crypto. Maybe it will be space tech or AI or who knows. 
My only point is that bitcoin did not hit $10k and $20k from people buying half a coin at a time and holding. It hit that amount from rich dudes deciding to throw millions at it and soccer moms remortgaging their house to get rich quick. Not from true investors.  So for it to recover, all that money has to come back into play from somewhere. I don’t think it will ever be as popular with the general public again and I doubt it will still be a good speculative play in three years. So unless it sees a massive increase in use from people who believe in it (which doesn’t seem to be happening), I think it far more likely that it will stay well off its peak for a very long time. Hope I’m wrong for all the people holding it as I hate seeing people lose money. But it just doesn’t look good this time around. The context of this drop is very different then previous ones. 