@_author: upsetpush
@_date: 2018-05-08 13:42:00
We knew that. Didn’t need some coat on CNBC to validate what we already know. That’s common sense and simple fact.
@_date: 2018-06-21 17:17:23
Great point about Greenland. A project like TFD I look to for the potential to solve a real issue using blockchain technology and the idea as you stated  begs the question, who will own the data. For me just from a layman’s perspective data can never truly be decentralized in its usage thought we can try. Processes will have elements of decentralization and other elements may place degrees of centralization within the over all process. With that approach I can see the value of projects like TFD especially when we have such a tainted or prone to being tainted food supply. My understanding is limited Btc a few million and that has to impact the mining process at some point. But you made some really valid points and it will be interesting to see what those other nations do ... mining farms?
@_date: 2018-06-20 23:13:13
Yawn.. I own Btc and eth etc etc do people really believe one coin is God because it was the first. Even I didn’t drink that loyalty kool aid.  Yawn!!!
@_date: 2018-06-23 22:32:25
@_date: 2018-06-21 12:32:31
I hear that but I realistically ask myself is Btc truly decentralized. The mining process alone puts power in the hands of a few today. I guess in my view I changed my vision of Btc. I see coins like TFD and a few others as serious project no matter the tech they are integrated in their markets in full use out there. I guess my love for Btc is equal to my realization that every king is challenged that’s fact and, when I discard the myriad of crap products a few rise to the top. Do I think they will dethrone Btc... maybe not at least not today lol. You are one of the few people who respond to this type of post in a cool way that spurs real convo. Thank you.
@_date: 2018-03-01 03:01:12
Yes i read about that and much more. It looks like they were able to raise some funds I followed their ICO. Even the registration of the parent companies were questioned. But I am not one to spread too much FUD. Again people need to do their homework. However crypto. Is gaining major traction in the continent. Time will tell.
@_date: 2018-02-20 17:30:03
You made some very poignant and interesting claims. I have to agree to some degree and it’s not something that BTc holders want to necessarily face. We can defend a position but truth is glaringly obvious. Btc has been an incredible vehicle and the best asset in the market that cannot be denied. Over the past year there has been a level of increased volatility injected into the currency due to high speculative moves as the Coin became viewed not as currency but mainly a value asset to be held. To be utilized in the real world there must be more stability it’s naive to believe otherwise. Who right now holding Btc will want to trade huge amounts to secure anything knowing perhaps tomorrow that three Btc will be worth 15k etc. newbies are buying not a coin but a value to hold. If that was its purpose then so be it.
To be regarded as currency and to replace fiat yes there needs to be stability in value. This does not mean value does not rise over time as Btc has demonstrated, but the wild swings 19k-6k-11k in a matter of months that has to ease: remember we are still a small fraction of the financial world. Where is the incentive to utilize this as a primary currency right now not much. However the incentive to buy and hold for many is there. Currency needs a stable trading point if not we consider the system unreliable or in real fiat world failing. Yes that’s not Btc (failing) but to find greater utility Btc has to find its place as less volatile. Right now it’s new and the gold rush is on. That’s just the cycle of market penetration. Not complaining about the gains.. but realistically no merchant or consumer will depend on a vehicle of value for goods or services where the value is prone to wild swings. Well unless you in Zimbabwe or Venezuela then you have no choice: 
@_date: 2018-02-14 17:41:09
It’s naive to believe trust is not a factor and the CC MARKET will positively grow without it. Any transaction business in the material or cyber world is built on trust. Why would serious investors with the capital potential to grow and expand the CC MATKET ( not speculators) invest in a place where hard earned digital assets vanish at a swipe of a hackers hand. Even for use in transactions why when your assets are subject to dishonest behavior. What universe makes that right. 
Yes we need educated individuals but a heist is a heist a thief is a thief. Ethics are a paramount construct for positive healthy growth or we risk becoming Hobbes behemoth, or the serpent that devours all then turns on itself. There is volatility and dishonesty in all markets yes, but CC MARKETS hopefully will address this issue somehow. Try operating and growing any project without trust either it will fail or it remains stagnant.
We are still a small portion of the global money markets though growing slowly. The lack of trust and the idea that it’s ok... that is what will hamper growth and erode stability. Markets need the friction but they also need some stability and trust to grow.  I thought banks were the ones we did not want to emulate.  
Thank you for that post.
 
@_date: 2018-02-11 17:09:01
The G20 summit will address the issue and perhaps begin some serious steps to regulate the crypto world. There are many facets which set this platform and it’s holdings apart, and therefore I see regulation as something that will not be achieved over night. We trade and hold adding value to these currency, digital assets, whatever you name them. It is negligent to sit back in this industry and allow individuals’ hard earned dollars to vanish through hacks and other mail intentions. Or allow an avenue for human trafficking and easy crime if it can be reduced. If we as a new valuable engine must be taken seriously, we have to agree to some form of regulation it is negligent to grow by trillions and risk people’s investments. 
I am not for big government intervention. We know our markets best why not create the instruments for regulating ourselves. Our best minds engineers and financiers...the crypto round table solving our issues. Then we can integrate with some form of government regulatory board specifically for crypto. That means our framework for monitoring comes from in house. 
I know, believe me I do l, that regulation is not popular in crypto world. But there are some bad bad people and actions out there I would hope we don’t want to indirectly fund. It’s coming regulation either via our hands first or via the government’s: it is inevitable. So yes when they say Bitcoin they mean all crypto. And to those who believe Bitcoin, if it fails, will take the entire market with it... that’s pretty fatalist. MySpace yahoo and many other too big to fail entities have gone and a new leader rises: crypto will suffer if that happens (yes yes die hards I hear you it won’t). But experience has taught me a vacant spot is always an opportunity for the next in line after carnage settles. Anyway, not trying to start an argument just discussing possibilities.
@_date: 2018-03-02 16:24:55
Seriously everyone on the continent is impoverished? You believe that? 
@_date: 2018-03-01 02:04:02
They already do.. we do huge huge business with African nations this is one of the biggest misnomers. You are probably talking about the rural areas where connectivity is difficult. Many nations younger people have already embraced some form of crypto they are pushing into the space. It’s still new but there is huge traction because all they use are cell phones for daily life management sending payment receiving  billions from the diaspora from western union and other money services. Some places trade bitcoin and other coins.  Not all African nations are equal but I have to say crappy governments have left huge gaps in wealth distribution. However especially in Kenya and SA crypto will and is playing a huge part especially in the business of money transfers.
@_date: 2018-02-15 12:33:54
That’s incredible news everything (financial for individuals) on the continent is done  via mobile. Difficult in the rural areas but the majority of the population is near capitols and towns. They have been utilizing mobile money transfers for a long time. That market will expand rapidly and one reason will be the billions of dollars sent into Africa from individuals in the diaspora that number is insane. Glad to see the platform is being created. Bitcoin is already used in some areas as transaction currency there. 
I love all emerging markets the populations are in billions and a fraction of that can really impact the penetration numbers for crypto. Kenya Uganda Nigeria and SA AND SOME others are going to lead the charge. Outstanding.
@_date: 2018-03-19 12:12:52
Why am I laughing at my losses this is so needed thanks you.. lmao the best in this market.
@_date: 2018-03-01 13:13:27
Thank you
@_date: 2018-02-28 22:55:37
I have been saying that Africa will adopt. When questions of a more stability are answered in crypto world then most governments in these nations will be willing to accept without any fuss. From SA Kenya Nigeria they have been using crypto some places more than others. Plenty young millionaires in SA. These are people with direct connection to their phones. They are no strangers to mobile connectivity and that’s how they live bank pay bills and move money. 1 billion people. the rural areas will be last but they are already beginning adoption  at larger  numbers in the urban areas young people are hungry for change. NURUCOIN started with that idea and many say it’s a questionable African coin. I guess we will see with greater adoption how this all rolls out. 
@_date: 2018-02-11 16:41:31
Pretty awesome video. The contrast in market cap and value is what I have been talking about. There is room to develop and grow—crypto is yet at the early stages. The market will eventually act like all organisms and shake itself (through correction) of all sediment and the cream will rise its a foundational principle of markets. The illustration really brings it home how large the other markets are in relation to crypto and Btc —Cash is king but I believe once crypto settles and finds new homes and utility things will move forward exponentially. Great presentation thanks.
Africa Asia billions of potential young users. These continents have some bright young minds and digital currency and virtual transfers are a way of life for many average citizens so it’s not a leap. Once there is full or significant market penetration in these places we can see nice global spread and rise. Well done. I believe in crypto, but I absolutely find balance looking into the companies vested in the utility of blockchain tech. 
@_date: 2018-02-28 22:57:19
Yep way more believe it or not. When it’s cheaper to dry your hands with paper currency than spend it on a soda yep. Alts rule.
@_date: 2018-03-19 12:14:30
@_date: 2018-02-11 23:05:57
Let them say what they must. All crypto is in the beginning phase remember the internet was also a phase. It’s not really the survival or death of bitcoin but the entire crypto world en masse. Not gonna die not gonna happen...wishful thinking. Blockchain and the tech surrounding these currencies is revolutionary ..who in their right mind wants to go back to the old way en totality after one experiences the rapidity utility value and look to the possibilities of crypto lead by Bitcoin. 
@_date: 2018-02-20 17:05:40
Someone has created an African crypto for intra African trade. I don’t know if it’s legit but remember Africans SA, Kenya Tanzania Uganda they do transactions in crypto they have crazy mobile networks set up already. It’s a matter of time for the broader explosion lots of crypto millionaires in SA. 
The coin is called NURUCOIN it’s in its ico phase some question the motives and the guy doing this. Read lots about it red flags. Anyway that’s as much as I know.
@_date: 2018-03-01 13:13:04
Thank you so much
@_date: 2018-02-15 13:08:24
These are older guys experienced seriously hard working guys and they have functioned in a system driven by paper. Old school if you must. It’s impossible for some of these minds to conceptualize CC and it’s value or purpose. Yes the idea is a threat to them old money plagues their portfolio. They are not stupid not at all but see a world that can’t be drawn with borders and funky demarcations which fiat does. 
Reality we are still behind in terms of market share dollar and market cap wise compared to the old systems. It will take some time and we must inject credibility and a level of security in our market if we want to grow. That’s just fact like it or not. But this brings us back to the older heads they are thinking “what the heck is this crypto thing.. fad scam trend fake scheme?? We simply keep answering with our success, hodl and support the  products which add value to the market. Anyway, some people just won’t get it and we can’t pay them to not gonna happen. So for those people horse and buggy it is. 
For the record crypto is permanent.. blockchain is permanent, regulations are coming either at our hands or the hands of others, and the integration of many core aspects of our market with the banking world is inevitable (sadly). The technology will dictate the future not us not anymore.  
@_date: 2018-03-19 13:08:25
Are those the same people who were wrong about the crypto world from the jump. Whatever Btc will do as Btc does. Now we have big shot analysts to listen to. Where were they through all the up years and down years. We know our markets we don’t need that crap. 
@_date: 2018-02-15 12:52:28
Hypothetically 