@_author: uptrenda
@_date: 2016-08-04 04:17:09
Yes, a soft fork.
@_date: 2016-08-13 02:44:14
Illegal or not: this is still awesome. Out of the box thinking + blockchain technology will lead to a very interesting future. 
@_date: 2016-08-03 17:11:24
I wrote about the same idea near the start of 2015 in my timechain paper which was ignored for similar reasons. IMO, Bitcoin tends to be a bit of an echo chamber and if you're not already among the few experts in core it can be quite hard to get your ideas noticed above all the noise.
In this case: there's a lot of ways that the Bitfinex hack could have been avoided and most of them don't involve a soft fork. For example, you could acheive something similar to the vault design with time-lock encrypted ECDSA keys and rotate the money, but I admit a blockchain approach is a much better solution.
Someone needs to publish a BIP for clearing-house transactions / vaults.
@_date: 2016-08-06 02:42:44
It will be interesting to see how Bitsquare evolves to meet the needs of investors. It's a good vision - I hope Bitsquare continues to prosper. 
@_date: 2016-08-18 02:40:13
Sidechains are really cool. You can actually expand Bitcoin's consensus rules with a sidechain without asking for cores permission and then tie that all into Bitcoin directly. It's an epic idea (and one that I could already use for many things.) The distributed signing makes me nervous though. The signers could still collude in theory and if there's a large amount of money locked up that's at least a larger, more rational incentive than whatever fees these signers would earn by staying honest. That's my main concern with distributed oracle systems like this and it kind of does resemble the way that banks manage money, with the corresponding middle-man, and fee structure (which Bitcoin was suppose to replace!)
We could argue that the signers colluding or being hacked is improbable but it still makes me highly nervous. I think sidechains will definitely still play a part in innovating Bitcoin and I know its possible to remove these centralization limitations but like you said: sidechains and lightning very much fall outside of the problem definition. 
@_date: 2016-08-08 09:07:27


This isn't about risk mitigation. It's security through obscurity. You're still 100% screwed if the private key is hacked because transactions in Bitcoin aren't reversible, so the focus on hardware wallets solves nothing in this context.


Because this worked so well for Bitfinex. The problem isn't the exchanges. The problem is private key management in Bitcoin and the fact that a single key gives the owner the ability to spend all the coins straight away.


That must also be why the price of Bitcoin crashed every time from the issue that I'm talking about. The market seems to agree that these exchange hacks are pretty bad. What would be less shitty is if we could stop them from happening completely instead of pretending that a shitty hardware wallet will make a difference (it doesn't, private keys are still the next Mtgox waiting to explode.)


As oppose to expecting everyone to use priority hardware wallets. The measure I'm discussing could be a new address type that works just as easily as multi-sig. Exchanges wouldn't have to do anything except switch over to the new op code and they would be able to prevent all theft. This is a much better solution than expecting us to be able to 100% secure our private keys and then crying when we can't.
@_date: 2016-08-07 04:19:03
Without a way to force a public clearing phase for the movement of coins, the fact that transactions in Bitcoin are irrevocable would have made any risk monitoring systems put in place totally moot. At best, you could have setup such a system and connected it to a distributed network of oracles who then sign off on transactions with multi-sig, but I argue that if anything - this hack shows that such an approach is totally inadequate.
Nobody wants to admit it: but Bitcoin needs a way to allow transactions to be conditionally revoked. Ironically, you can meet this requirement without opening up merchants to the risk of charge backs simply by forcing coins to have meet N confirmations before being spendable and allowing them to be sent to a new destination before that time.
After the clearing phase -- merchants would treat the coins like they were just sent and then wait for a further ~8 confirmations, but the fact that the coins were forced to require a clearing phase will make it possible to cancel them if fraud is detected. This is needed because without such a precaution in place, there's no way to act on the knowledge that a transaction is fraudulent since by the time its detected the hacker has already moved all your coins into a new TX and then its down to luck whether it can be over-ridden. 
Bitcoin is completely broken without being able to clear funds in this way but the good news is that we can easily fix it. We're discussing what the best approach is now on the dev lists, so hopefully if people think its a good idea we will be able to incorporate fraud prevention into existing FinTech services (and have it mean something.) 
@_date: 2016-08-03 17:30:36
The problem is key management. With Bitcoin: the existing design means that N private keys (or secrets) are enough to authorize the movement of funds and once a transaction has been broadcast its mostly just luck if it can be reversed.
The idea in this case would be to have a settlement period required for transactions signed from a special address so even if an exchange is hacked an attacker wouldn't be able to use the keys to move all the money straight away. This is a much better solution than what we currently have and couldn't be done any other way.
I also don't see how lightening would work for this as a centralized exchange needs complete control over the money to enforce order execution. That's always been the problem with traditional exchanges - you -need- to keep some funds on the exchange if you want to benefit from high speed execution -- which isn't possible with a decentralized design.
@_date: 2016-08-26 02:57:19
Why do so many people in the Bitcoin space view alt-coins as such a huge threat when so many of them have completely self-contained Eco-systems that don't compete for any of the same benefits that Bitcoin does? It makes you all look like you're afraid of innovation when really you should be welcoming it.
As an example: Have a look at the more specialized coins like the coins being used to store meta data and files. You can certainty use Bitcoin for that but you probably wouldn't want to because of 1. confirmation times for Bitcoin are relatively high and 2. blockchain bloat 3. And fees; As for the notion that sidechains ought to be used for all future currencies -- I don't agree with that.
There's going to be people who just want to do their own thing with blockchain technology and have very little to do with Bitcoin in general -- and that's okay. These people are still going to innovate and find new use-cases for the technology that we haven't thought of so its not fair to try label every alt-coin as a "crapcoin" simply because some people choose to work on different things to Bitcoin.
I find it ironic that so many of the views that people now share here are perfectly in line with the banks but that's another topic for another time. So much for decentralization, huh. I guess its only convenient when people are pumping your favorite currency but that's not what Bitcoin is about.
@_date: 2016-08-03 17:32:18
I imagine this is where smart contracts come in.
You could specify that the recovery key can only send the coins back to a specially designated address (another vault, multi-sig, etc.)
@_date: 2016-08-22 10:55:35
Not bad, not bad. I wish resources like this existed when I first got started.
@_date: 2016-08-03 17:40:02
A centralized exchange needs access to the private keys to handle withdrawals. You could keep the keys offline and generate a series of nlock timed transactions in advance that were pre-signed by the key but where exactly are you suppose to send them to without knowing which customers need to withdraw? 


That's the idea. But where it differs from something like nlocktime is a private key compromise wouldn't give an attacker the leverage they need to move all the funds straight away. Special clearing addresses would enforce a settlement period so transactions could be revoked to a fail-safe address if anything went wrong.
@_date: 2016-08-12 19:53:22
The only way Bitfinex isn't going to be hacked again is if they took the time to implement a threshold scheme + hardware module for their hot wallet and I **guarantee** you that they haven't done this because there's no way they could have written (and tested) that amount of code in only a few days.
You'll notice that all of the major exchanges like Coinbase have actually put serious thought into their security practices and know that handling Bitcoins is extremely dangerous because there's currently no good way to recover them if something goes wrong [0]. With the few days that Bitfinex have had to get their platform online, there's **absolutely no way** they could have had enough time to revise their platform security and opsec to prevent something like this from happening again.
My opinion so far is that all of this has been a big dance to try and reassure people that they're on top of things when almost nothing they've done is substantial (and reads more like things that you would say to impress someone with no background in tech or security - no offense.) Their behavior is exactly the reason why they've lost so much money -- because they're not doing what's best for their customers -- they're doing what's best for their bottom line by getting the platform up again so fast, when really they should take everything offline and do a through code review and security audit, as well as segregate powers over private keys [1].
Trade at your own risk people.
[0] My opinion is that Buttfinex could have been prevented with a new optional address type that forces coins to undergo a public clearing phase before being available at the destination - before which it can be moved to fail-safe address if the owner changes their mind. You treat coins as reversible until + 6 confirms after the clearing phase to have the same behavior as we currently do only now you can detect and reverse fraud before its too late. I suspect this idea will be added to Bitcoin eventually as other people also think its a good idea.
[1] Ironically, manually signing withdrawals offers more opportunities to screw things up because now you're having to trust people completely -- there are protocols to prevent this kind of thing.
@_date: 2016-08-03 07:08:51
The problem is coins in Bitcoin are either sent or not with very little middle ground, meaning that after the transaction is broadcast nothing further can be done (ignoring a fork, 51% attack, replace by fee, finey attack, etc.)
There's a few easy solutions to this:
* Have a new way to lock coins up in an address that requires an N-block settlement phase. After N-blocks, coins from this address can be moved to another location as the settlement phase has elapsed. But before N-blocks, one can cancel the transactions with a special recovery key. This would need to be added directly into Bitcoin because the main thing you're trying to avoid is giving private keys the power to spend coins straight away to avoid the problem of bad key management -- all existing schemes can't easily solve this problem because transactions are designed to be sent straight away based on proving knowledge of a secret.
* To build on the concept of time-delayed settlement -- you could probably also make it so that coins that are in the settlement phase have been cryptographically backed by an owner, with his / her account balance / signature. This would not interfere with the exchange operation in any way and these owner keys could be kept by the owner, but it would more be like saying: these coins in settlement have been authorized by an owner which corresponds to these keys. So you could do provable, cryptographic accounting for a centralized exchange with almost zero drawbacks (like reduced trade execution.)
* Use a decentralized exchange. There are many algorithms to do this but lets be realistic here: the reason people use centralized exchanges is to trade in micro-second times and because its easier. Even though we currently have good p2p exchanges I suspect that the majority of volume will continue to stay on centralized exchanges so having a delayed clearing phase like outlined above would honestly help a lot.
All other solutions I can think of rely on trust or are too inconvenient for the majority of users.
@_date: 2016-08-04 01:03:55
So you would open up a channel with the exchange who would route coins between other channels as part of selling and withdrawal? Doesn't this mean that users need to be online to move money down the channels? And if they don't -- after they assign money down the channel and go offline can't the exchange still do whatever it likes with the money once it clears? Are these transactions visible while they're time-locked?
Sorry for all the questions -- I'm not an expert on Lightening and its been a while since I looked at the paper.
@_date: 2016-08-29 23:44:31
This is where things get a bit vague.
If your business model is to invest in Bitcoin and improve the currency then it would be in your best interest not to screw it up and you can easily prove your investment stake by signing something unique from an address with an investment stake.
On the other hand: we have no idea what motives the market may have for investing in Bitcoin so assuming that Blockstream's intentions are good simply because they're in line with the market is a fallacy. For example, maybe the price of Bitcoin starts to rise because its heavily implied that Blockstream intends to push corporate advertising inside the core client causing massive influx of new corporate investment, or perhaps the IRS promises Blockstream in secret that they will invest millions in Bitcoin if they make it easier to track taxes owed by Bitcoin users.
Corporate interests aren't necessarily in line with the goals of Bitcoin so you've put yourself in quite a bad position taking so much VC funding. It's also not like that funding doesn't come with significant strings attached. Those investors are going to be putting a huge amount of pressure on you to give them a return (and you won't have been able to raise that much money without a business plan which you've spoken very little about), so essentially you have two masters now: the VCs and the Bitcoin community.
How do we know that your support of small blocks hasn't just been so that Blockstream can create a fee marketplace to tax Bitcoin users by using lightning channels? (This is hypothetical, politics are depressing.) Maybe you are a man of principle but now people are always going to wonder: is money pulling the strings behind Bitcoin or is consensus still an open process -- and honestly I no longer have a good answer to tell them.
@_date: 2016-08-04 21:31:56
Only day traders don't care about buying Bitcoins. They're there strictly to speculate on volatile, low-latency price movements, not to stock up their Bitcoin wallets.
You've literally ignored everything I said and downvoted me for it before proposing something that won't solve any of the problems I mentioned. Ironically, its your inability to understand what people want by trying to decentralized everything (when it doesn't make sense to do so) that will actually end up damaging Bitcoin more in the end.
@_date: 2016-08-09 09:08:18
Australian here.
I wouldn't get too worked up over this. Australia is very set in its ways and is still behind in a lot of things. We also have some bizarre laws on top of that, and trust me when I say that we are usually the last nation on board when it comes to any significant amount of change (towards anything.)
When half the world's population are using Bitcoin the average Australian will still be surfing Yahoo on dial-up modems (if our Internet even still works by then. I imagine the powers that be will probably have managed to pass an act in parliament to only allow football and cricket websites.)
The rule of thumb in this matter is usually just to do the opposite of what Australia decides most of the time, to be perfectly honest.
@_date: 2016-08-04 01:25:21
Maybe he's having some kind of mental break down and actually believes he's Satoshi? I read some of his papers when we were discussing the "proof" originally and they seemed like quite careful, logical works -- the complete opposite of how he's acting now. A personality change could be a symptom of mental illness, although according to some of those initial news reports he's apparently a douche bag in real life too so there's also that ...
@_date: 2016-08-08 11:05:38
Yes, though other people have also thought of the same idea before that paper was published.
@_date: 2016-08-24 05:36:20
It must be so exciting working on OpenBazaar ... gradually watching new merchants adopt using Bitcoin and running their own stores for a practical purpose. Kind of reminds me of the early web before things rapidly went down hill with rampant ads, spying, malware, and centralization. 
We've almost come full circle now:
* Viaweb "create an own store on the Internetwork with viaweb!"
* Ebay "create your own store but !@ you if you don't like what we tell you to do"
* OpenBazaar "create your own store and run it however you want"
@_date: 2016-08-05 00:11:56
I don't envy the core developers sometimes. Bitcoin is probably one of the craziest open source projects out there at the moment ... it's essentially an open source consensus protocol, currency, financial system, etc, with investors all over the world. Working on Bitcoin in that sense is like working for a company controlled by Anonymous psychopaths, with stake holders that are free to stalk your every move, and no matter what you do or say: at least someone is always going to get upset by it.
Bitcoin development is crazy so thanks devs for putting up with it. 
@_date: 2016-08-06 02:49:03
Complete non-sense. Notice how they never talk about the security of the hot wallet? Because they know that if the hot wallet key is compromised they're completely fucked and of course they're not going to mention that. All they're really doing here is talking about how building large walls around a chest of electronic gold is a good idea and then hoping that no one can ever climb over - but we know from bitter experience that it can happen. The question is, how much risk exposure can we expect when it does? A 3% risk exposure is still a huge-ass amount to lose. I.E. if your Fiat bank lost 3% it would be a monumental hack in the billions, but every exchange just kind of glosses over this fact.
Why? Again, because there is no solution; The exchange needs access to the private keys on the server to sign withdrawals and doing everything offline would require too much time and resources to vet (so nobody would end up using it.) To stay in business the exchange must paradoxically put itself at great risk in order to profit. Whether or not it does is determined mostly by luck and how tall the walls are ... But I guarantee you -- Bitstamp can still be hacked and so can every other exchange. Every system has a weakness and to assume otherwise is sheer folly.
Anyway, I'm not blaming the exchange for this. I've known about the problem now for years and have tried to think of solutions but given what I know now, I think the only way to solve this realistically is with a time-delayed clearing mechanism for Bitcoin which would allow the exchange to "unspend" withdrawals during a certain time-frame. This is possible to implement today on Bitcoin but it would require a soft fork.
Step 1: stop pretending that there isn't a problem so you can keep duping more customers. Your multi-sig isn't shit. Your hot wallet isn't shit. Fuck you.
Step 2: help us discuss the ideal design for this on the Bitcoin dev list -- see BIP clearing house addresses.
Step 3: we fix the actual fucking problem for once and these exchanges can stop losing all their money.
Step 4: ?????
Step 5: profit.
@_date: 2016-08-14 10:52:57
"TL;DR: If Xapo’s hot wallet were hacked, Xapo would cover the loss from its own reserve of bitcoins."
We'll take your word for it, Xapo ;). After-all, Bitcoin has always been about blind trust in the good nature of people to carry through with complex, high risk financial agreements. It was never about cryptography - what even is that? Sounds like something a nerd would say and you're not a nerd, right?
Edit: why don't we just replace Bitcoin with IOUs? I'm not sure why I never thought of this earlier. 
@_date: 2016-08-26 01:34:30
If you need to buy Bitcoins because you're using them for something beyond speculation: give BitSquare a try (and if there's still no liquidity there you can always try something like Local Bitcoins.)
Things are a little different if you're a trader. The only choice that you currently have is to use an exchange that receives full ownership over the coins. Avoid exchanges that don't use hardware modules for their hot wallets; They're not safe and if the server ever gets hacked (which it will eventually) anyone can drain the coins without restriction.
At least with a hardware module you can program logic into a fixed circuit that says that only a portion of coins can be signed daily so there's always an upper limit on any hack. If the hardware module is implemented incorrectly (i.e. doesn't generate random enough numbers, private key was written to disk before-hand, memory can be overflowed, timing attacks, leverage used from fail-safe keys to side-step signing, etc) -- you're still screwed but at least its far less likely to occur than if you don't use hardware modules at all.
Unfortunately, most traders don't have access to even that because most of the alt-coin exchanges are still run by amateurs. Things will probably improve in the future (if "Bitcoin vaults" are ever implemented) and we'll have even better ways to mitigate fraud but until then you're still mostly having to gamble every time you trade.
@_date: 2016-08-29 20:31:57
Strange coincidence: I was reading up on all this stuff the other day after coming across the term in a Szabo paper (Szabo was insanely far ahead of people even back then! He almost predicted everything that would happen.)
By the way, there is also the idea of "partially" blind signatures where the signer retains a certain level of control over the underlying message. You could use this to only sign certain forms of a transaction which could have applications in select smart contract protocols (most of my existing smart contract ideas that use zero-knowledge proofs could probably be replaced with a partially blind signature scheme.)
If anyone out there thinks this is possible and knows how to do it with Bitcoin ECDSA signatures -- it would be a huge asset for you to write the code for it! Arbitrary, partially blind signing of Bitcoin transactions would be very cool, though the math for this is obviously far beyond anything I could come up with.
There are so many other cool papers out there that seem to improve on various aspects of Bitcoin but which will probably never see the light of day simply because the authors never released a production ready library. It seems a shame to let so much academic work like this go to waste simply because not everyone has the time and skills to interpret these papers into code :(
@_date: 2016-08-05 08:35:08
I admit: what you said about privacy is something I never thought much about and its a key benefit to a decentralized design. There are also plenty of reasons why a normal person might want to avoid having to send passport photos to these services or having to associate their exchange transactions with some kind of identity system. That is something I've always hated about current exchanges too because its always such a painful, horrible process getting "verified" (and plus, if the exchange is ever hacked = possible identity theft on top of your already massive potential financial losses.)
I'm sure you've noticed that identity problem too (come to think of it: its kind of crazy that there are no solid startups specifically tackling the passport validation problem and assigning some kind of universal token (I looked recently, people are solving digital identity validation like Facebook but so far no one is validating passports!)) Then there's the possible benefits of lower fees / resilience which isn't going to happen when the exchange is acting as a middle-man. That's another huge benefit that I think most Bitcoiners will approve of.
Other than that: I don't really have much more to add that you haven't already said. My main point here was basically that even with more secure exchanges (like Bitsquare) there are still legitimate reasons why people would want to use centralized exchanges, so we might as well try fix the withdrawal problem for these traders by introducing a proper clearing mechanism. At least then they might not get screwed over every few months ... Obviously, hacks are still going to happen but hopefully with a fail-safe (with cryptographically signed withdrawals and transparent accounting records) they won't be as severe as what they have been.
As for obtaining Bitoins: I definitely think things like Bitsquare and LocalBitcoins have their place among regular users who are simply trying to obtain the currency. Bitsquare's liquidity is improving all the time, and its a private, safe, and easy thing to use. Plus, there's is also a killer use-case for decentralized exchanges that I'm leaving out on purpose (since people often have strange views on privacy), but lets just say that both these types of exchanges have their place in the current eco-system and serve the needs of two very different types of customers quite well.
@_date: 2016-08-12 19:44:33
The only way Bitfinex isn't going to be hacked again is if they took the time to implement a threshold scheme + hardware module for their hot wallet and I **guarantee** you that they haven't done this because there's no way they could have written (and tested) that amount of code in only a few days.
You'll notice that all of the major exchanges like Coinbase have actually put serious thought into their security practices and know that handling Bitcoins is extremely dangerous because there's currently no good way to recover them if something goes wrong (there could be soon but I won't go into that here.) With the few days that Bitfinex have had to get their platform online, there's **absolutely no way** they could have had enough time to revise their platform security and opsec to prevent something like this from happening again.
My opinion so far is that all of this has been a big dance to try and reassure people that they're on top of things when almost nothing they've done is substantial (and reads more like things that you would say to impress someone with no background in tech or security - no offense.) Their behavior so far is exactly the reason why they've lost so much money -- because they're not doing what's best for their customers -- they're doing what's best for their bottom line by getting the platform up again so fast, when really they should take everything offline and do a through code review and security audit, as well as segregate powers over private keys.
Trade at your own risk people.
@_date: 2016-08-03 16:17:34
This wouldn't work for an exchange since they couldn't know ahead of time what transactions would need to be nlock timed for the withdrawals and afterwards -- it still creates a condition where the funds can be spent straight away. There's no context in exchange security where nlock time would help since it doesn't solve the key management problem inherent in every transaction. 
@_date: 2016-08-03 07:22:27
Nobody cares about security until its too late, unfortunately. As I see it - there's really only a narrow window here to try fix this problem before people stop caring again and that means proposing new protocols, software, marketplaces, wallets, etc that might help while we still have their attention ...
@_date: 2016-08-03 18:23:27
I just posted the idea to the Bitcoin mailing lists (pending moderator approval) and made sure to mention that the idea to use a blockchain for this wasn't my own. Hopefully if people think this is a good idea we'll be able to get it added to Bitcoin and these kinds of ridiculous hacks will be a thing of the past.
Edit: 
@_date: 2016-08-03 07:19:52
I feel terrible for you OP. I wish there was something that could be done to recover those coins but the only technical approach would be a hard fork and I doubt most people here would support that.
@_date: 2016-08-27 13:24:08
I remember way~ back in the day I sold several K worth of Bitcoin on eBay not realizing that the buyer can charge back via Paypal after receiving the Bitcoins for an easy 100% profit. Fortunately, this never ended up happening to me (incredibly) and the buyer had a good experience getting his first coins. Others haven't been so lucky though and I know that people have been scammed this way (which is the main reason why you won't find people accepting Paypal for Bitcoin purchases.)
Interestingly, there used to be a service ages back called CoinPal that was designed around doing exactly what the OP asked but they shut-down. There's a thread on Bitcointalk that goes into how CoinPal avoided Paypal fraud that is quite an interesting read. It shows you how much effort the owner had to put into verifying peoples identity and that kind of thing to avoid scams. You can read it here if you're interested (
tl; dr, Reversible Paypal + irreversible Bitcoin = bad for the seller. No legitimate seller is going to do this unless they're incredibly naive like I was or they're running some kind of scam. 
@_date: 2016-08-11 04:09:49
This has been posted here before but I think it deserves more attention. Essentially, it allows packages in a p2p postal system to be routed anonymously between **untrusted individuals** in such a way that **the most rational choice is for the participants to cooperate** (i.e. not scam each other.) This would solve the collusion problem in existing deep web marketplaces where a seller who builds up a reputation (and decides to drop out of the business) is incentivized to burn their reputation to scam as many people as possible for a quick profit (or maybe they get hacked -- who knows.)
The key realization here is that the contract to sell an item on a deep web marketplace isn't just between buyer and seller, by numerous other parties who deliver the package. When you add those parties to the equation and create a chain of collateral, it becomes possible to lock the success result of everyone in the system (successful delivery) to winning (getting back their collateral), so that everyone is rationally driven to comply. Essentially, responsibilities and trust are distributed among participants and formalized to allow this awesome result with game theory (very much like Nick Szabo's paper on formalizing relationships  -- which I thought was really quite clever.
The caveat is what happens if the package is lost accidentally. I.e. en route to the destination as a result of some act of nature or some other failure. It's probably possible to work that into the system so that the nodes who break the chain are penalized and the contract elapses for everyone else (or maybe distribute the loss between everyone as insurance -- open problem perhaps.)Interesting idea at least and shows where we might be going with future smart contracts. Of course, the idea to use game theory to incentivize cooperation has been proposed in numerous contracts like double-sided deposits (David Zimbeck), currency exchange, and certain lottery contracts, but its still very interesting seeing it applied in a multi-hop p2p postal network like this. 
Edit link to write up:  I'll try see if they have a solution to accidental damage / loss.
@_date: 2016-08-04 04:25:43
Here's a link to the discussion happening now on the Bitcoin dev mailing lists for this idea: 
So far, TierNolan's idea to create a new OP code for white list restricted outputs is extremely elegant and could see vaults implemented in Bitcoin with minimal changes needed.
@_date: 2016-08-03 07:41:28
I've historically been a big advocate of decentralized exchanges but I think in this case the problem is actually much deeper. Here, we have an entity that -has- to manage the state of coins based on real world outcomes as part of their value offering (which is something many merchants have to do, whether they be stock markets, exchanges, and many kinds of other businesses.)
In my view, what's needed is a way to lock coins to a new address type that forces a delayed clearing process for all coins transferred from that address. Transactions could then be revoked by the owner during the clearing phase which would become progressively less likely as the clearing phase progresses. This would be a very simple way to detect fraudulent transactions before its too late, as well as to allow for the creation of cryptographically provable accounting records (with browse-based signing) to be tied to the clearing process for withdrawals.
In English: this would allow an exchange to detect when something doggy was going on with withdrawals without imposing the same limitations of a decentralized exchange (like low liquidity and poor usability.) It would be the best of both worlds which would be great for not only exchanges but all kinds of merchants who are forced to handle Bitcoins directly as part of their business practices.
@_date: 2016-04-06 22:50:18
A real exchange requires deposits so the customer loses control over their money. The smart contract approach gives the owner of the funds partial or total control over their coins so there's no "exchange" to hack. The problem is: if the traders have full control over their funds then by definition no exchange can enforce that the funds are moved as part of the trade (if they're on separate blockchains) -- so the traders can easily back-out and collect a refund. You can solve that problem by taking away some of their control but now you've reduced security which was the whole point of using smart contracts. I suggested that identity verification + legal contracts was a very simple way that decentralized exchanges could use to encourage honest behavior without needing to reduce security / control which is currently the approach that multi-sig oracle style decentralized exchanges use (e.g. B &amp; C.)
@_date: 2016-08-10 05:28:33
Hello Coinbase, I always considered your company one of the leaders in exchange security or at the least I know that you're not a drive by exchange being run from some kid's bedroom. 
My questions pertain mostly to the security of your hot wallet:
* You mention an insurance policy for the hot wallet. How sure are you that this would be covered in the event of some massive over-sight on your part? I mean, insurance companies seem to always find a way out of the policy and we saw something similar happen recently with BitGo (who was apparently "insured.") So really no offense but what guarantee do we have that this insurance policy of yours isn't one giant marketing ploy?
* How do you protect the security of private keys on your hot wallet? Are you using any kind of hardware modules for signing withdrawals? I suppose you can actually use a distributed mechanism for signing with the hot wallet -- e.g. a separate ECDSA key on multiple segmented servers who each have a copy of signed withdrawals / account balances / sane limits put in place, and sign from multi-sig. Do you guys do anything like that?
* Does it worry you that the hot wallet is still fundamentally insecure? As in, if an attacker gets the keys and signs a transaction there's usually very little you can do. Do you have some kind of code in place designed to double-spend your own coins if you detect a suspicious transaction cleaning out the hot wallet? Obviously this would be unlikely to work but its better than nothing.
* What do you think of the idea of adding some new OP_CODES to Bitcoin that allow coins to only be moved to a new transaction with an output that can only be spent after N subsequent transactions or spent before then to a recovery address? This would be like a clearing phase for coins and would allow you guys to have a separate fraud prevention system from your hot wallet that could be used to cancel coins before the settlement phase has elapsed. That way -- if a private key is ever compromised the settlement phase is still in place to protect coins. Is that something you guys would support for your hot wallet if Bitcoin allowed it? Is this a good idea?
* What do you think of using Lightning-style channels to protect your hot wallet? Users of your exchange would route coins down the channels to other users as trades were matched so that the exchange would require virtually zero custodianship of customer funds. There's a debate on the mailing lists at the moment whether this would be a suitable alternative for traders. I argued that it wouldn't be because it would force traders to keep specialized wallets online, burden simplicity of using a website, and vastly slow down the trade engine, not to mention that certain complex contracts like margin trading would be much harder (or impossible.) What are your thoughts on this as an exchange who obviously understands your customers better than I do.
* Most importantly: what is your favorite Pokemon? 
Sorry for all the questions, by the way, and thanks for the AMA.
@_date: 2016-08-03 17:20:14
The idea is actually pretty simple: you have a clearing house for transactions and allow them to be revoked during the settlement phase. This would help mitigate the key management problem that exchanges face by giving them the option to detect and revoke fraudulent transactions before its too late. The community could also monitor these transactions and see if they were authorized by their respective owners so even if the exchange missed something there would still be the opportunity to alert them to any problems.
@_date: 2016-08-29 21:07:40
How does Blockstream intend to make a profit from Bitcoin?
This is an important question that could help clarify OP's question.
@_date: 2016-08-29 21:06:15
That would be amazing. I hope you can find the time and motivation to do something more with this.
@_date: 2016-08-13 12:19:36
I honestly don't think I'd even know what "money" is if it wasn't for Bitcoin.
@_date: 2016-04-08 19:38:00
Thanks for the reviews everyone. It seems like the protocol itself might actually work but the security assumptions for the timechain are less ideal than hash-locking + CLTV. I'll try think of a version that doesn't require time-locked ECDSA keys for the refunds. It's probably possible to remove them while still staying true to the original aims of keeping this compatible with older blockchains.
At the least -- I still consider this a better alternative for a company to run an exchange on than having a hot wallet that accepts centralized deposits, but we'll see. Ideally, the leverage for the contracts should be contained entirely between the individuals trading coins and since the timechain contradicts that requirement I definitely need to remove it from the current scheme.
@_date: 2016-08-08 08:38:19
**Tl; dr, Another exchange incorrectly assumes that building larger walls around private keys will magically solve all security problems with Bitcoin (which is the entire problem.)**
The article also incorrectly compares Bitcoin exchanges with the banking industry as a rational for adopting strong hardware modules (which we should still do) - but completely ignores the fact that transactions in Bitcoin are irrevocable (so the same logic with banking doesn't apply.)
With banking, there are layers upon layers of measures that allow transactions to be revoked and cancelled between banks, making it highly unlikely that a single breach could ever destroy the entire banking system. But with Bitcoin -- that nightmare scenario can still happen because private keys can quite literally sign blank checks. 
You can cover these private keys up in trusted computing modules all you like but until there's a way to lock coins up to force a reversible clearing phase, you're still just preying that your private keys never get hacked (which may be possible to do with various side-channel attacks.) This kind of discussion is useful but I consider it a huge distraction from the fact that Bitcoin in its current form is completely inadequate for banking, eCommerce, and currency exchange.
What we really need is a way to A. Lock coins up for a certain number of confirmations and B. Allow those coins to be moved to a recovery address if that confirmation number hasn't been reached if we change our minds. Transactions would still reach the blockchain but this approach **would allow coins to be reversed if fraud was detected without opening up merchants to the risk of charge backs and is a cornerstone of modern banking.** (Most of the OP_codes needed to do this already exist but we need a new one to force output scripts to be a certain way.)
@_date: 2016-08-19 08:42:06
Gwern wrote an excellent essay addressing just this question. The essay can be read here: 
@_date: 2016-08-03 16:48:40
Exactly. This key management thing this is complete snobbery and misses the real world reality that certain centralized services require deposits to acheive their benefits. 
I feel bad for the traders who are being blamed for this when it has nothing to do with them. If anything, we've failed them for not having better tools available for exchanges to secure Bitcoins and help mitigate fraud before its too late. 
@_date: 2016-08-11 02:48:27
This made me remember when Mtgox found 200k Bitcoins in an old wallet. It still amazes me how incompetent they were. It truly was the stuff of legends. Like the CEO was the only one in the company with commit access when there were multiple other developers working there... It's almost hard to imagine what a nightmare it must have been to be a developer working at Mtgox in those days and probably any security engineer would have resigned on the spot if they had of realized what was happening.
Sorry for getting side-tracked. But wow - there's been some really crazy sh!@ that's happened in the Bitcoin world.
@_date: 2016-08-04 20:27:46
I can think of a few problems with this idea that would make it less than ideal for the use-case of replacing a centralized exchange:
1. As far as I can tell the traders would have to remain online to facilitate these coin movements between channels when trades were matched. This would mean installing and running special software on the user's machine which would reduce the simplicity of using a web-based system and make it harder to compete with websites that don't require that level of complexity. One of the benefits of a traditional exchange is that all the complexity is handled by the exchange and now the user will be expected to have to manage that.
2. Because users are required to be online to match trades this is potentially a huge barrier for liquidity. For example, on a traditional exchange the exchange ends up with complete control over all the funds so it can easily match trades from say -- Australian and American customers. But with this design some of the users won't keep their computers online all the time and thus this won't have the same liquidity seen in a regular exchange. This makes the software a lot worse for day traders.
3. Execution speed for the trade engine would be vastly increased since you're introducing orders of magnitude more latency by having to move tangible assets between lightning-style channels over the Internet for every trade instead of doing this with database-style derivatives on a single machine (which would take ~micro-seconds.) This may completely destroy the use-case of a centralized exchange for high frequency trading, as well as day trading, which is a huge use-case for an exchange.
4. Many more complex contracts would be much harder to do or outright impossible. How would you short Bitcoin or reliably do margin trading with such a design?
Your idea does solve the security problem, but IMO doesn't account for all the reasons why these websites are so attractive to the average person in the first place. For those reasons I don't think such websites are going to go away any time soon which means that if we don't at least try fix the withdrawal problem under realistic assumptions they'll just keep being more hacks until we do.
@_date: 2016-08-04 01:10:25


It's more secure because coins signed with that key can't be moved straight away because of the clearing mechanism. Unless you're talking about the revocation key which can only be used to move coins to a designated address which is offline anyway.


It wouldn't matter. If a key is leaked an attacker can only sign transactions that take multiple blocks to confirm, giving people enough time to detect the intrusion and move funds in the clearing phase to a new address.




Except being able to revoke a 100k+ Bitcoin withdrawal in the settlement phase on a public blockchain. Why would anyone want to ever do that?
@_date: 2016-08-04 20:47:47
I posted this in another thread but I'll summarize here. There are several reasons why people use centralized exchanges and virtually none of them have to do with security:
1. Simplicity -- No need to install or manage your own wallet. All complexity handled by the exchange. All you need is a web browser.
2. Liquidity -- Centralized designs can provide better liquidity than a purely peer-to-peer approach that requires traders to leave their computers online all the time.
3. Execution speed -- Hosting the trade engine on a single machine means that trades can be matched in milli-seconds and with a centralized design you can give bots, high frequency traders, and day traders much better latency than any decentralized exchange.
4. Complex contracts -- Centralized exchanges allow for margin trading, bonds, p2p lending, shorting, etc. These would be very, very hard to provide using smart contracts and still wouldn't offer the same benefits as a centralized design.
If we don't understand why websites like Binfinex are so popular to the user then we'll end up proposing something that doesn't fit their needs. In this case, I think the area that we can improve in is strictly in **the security for withdrawals on a centralized exchange** -- because even though we can solve the security problem with various algorithms -- it still won't appeal to the same users so they'll just get hacked again using something that will.
**A very simple way to solve this problem is to introduce a clearing house mechanism to Bitcoin.** How it works is simple:
1. You have a special "address" that you send money to (the new hot wallet design using clearing houses.)
2. Coins from this address can only be sent to new transactions which can be spent by either A) a relative time-locked destination output (the settlement / withdrawal) or B) a fail-safe recovery output (spendable with a special off-line key)
3. When the time-lock expires the destination can redeem the coins (owner of the coins) but before that time the transaction can be redeemed by an offline recovery key (exchange fail-safe.)
This would allow centralized exchanges to create decentralized fraud monitoring systems, and we would actually be able to see which transactions were "pending" for withdrawal before it was too late. The Bitfinex hack could therefore have been prevented if even one user noticed a 100k+ Bitcoin withdrawal in the settlement phase and reported it to Bitfinex -- but presumably we could also write systems to record a list of digitally signed proof-of-withdrawals + proof-of-deposits from the owner which could then also be cross-referenced with pending withdrawals.
This approach would allow for all the benefits of existing centralized exchanges and would have prevented the Bitfinex hack. Also, here's a link to the discussion for this proposal on the Bitcoin developer mailing list: 
**Disclaimer:** not trying to put decentralized exchanges down. I worked on one extensively myself and think they offer superior privacy and security benefits, but IMO: there's still a lot of things they're not good for and a proper solution needs to acknowledge that.
@_date: 2016-04-27 00:04:21
Atomic cross-chain trading works its just that it doesn't work very well for trading every cryptocurrency because:
1. Not all cryptocurrencies have OP_CHECKLOCKTIMEVERIFY support (required for fail-safe refunds after both sides deposit into a multi-sig) and
2. Not all blockchains support non-standard transactions (meaning you won't be able to confirm your smart contract TXs which could delay the trade indefinitely) and
3. Not all cryptocurrencies are anything like Bitcoin (so the algorithm won't work on all of them.)
4. These contracts aren't enforcible so anyone can waste anyone else's time and make trades that they don't follow through with. This makes it very hard to estimate prices in order books and do anything you would typically associate with an “exchange” (most smart contracts currently suffer from this and if they don't they're probably using oracles.)
5. Bonus section: its hard to start an exchange without liquidity, good UX design, and money for marketing. An exchange is a serious venture that needs proper funding and so far there has been no one willing to fund a serious FinTech startup for cryptocurrencies.
I was probably the first person to implement atomic-cross chain trading and had a working prototype as early as 2013 but due to these problems I ended up switching to micro-payment channels since it doesn't need non-standard transaction to run. Unfortunately, micro-payment channels still don't solve the refund problem which is why I wrote about using "timechains" / time-lock encryption to do refunds with time-locked ECDSA keys. 
Timechains allow you to encrypt information and have the plaintexts released at arbitrary points in the future without the need for a third-party to play any role. So you could use timechains to create a chain of time-lock encrypted ECDSA private keys and then use them directly in smart contracts and a third-party wouldn't be needed to hold any keys. But I now believe my particular implementation of time-lock encryption is less than ideal because there doesn't seem to be a good way to ensure that the timechain is always broken at an optimal rate (even using incentives) – a problem that can lead to “clock skew.”
There's been some recent developments in improving time-lock encryption using the Bitcoin blockchain + witness encryption but I'm not sure how practical that is for smart contracts. I think future smart contracts will use something completely different but I won't reveal yet exactly what that is ;)
Regarding a P2P ShapeShift: there's no exchanges yet that are 100% trustless. Mercury uses a third-party key for fail-safe refunds (so collusion and theft are still issues), Block &amp; Chains use a network of oracles to move coins (so you instantly lose control over your money), and any exchange that relies on collateral to do anything is less than ideal and doesn't account for irrational actors.
I released an exchange that doesn't suffer from these problems called “Coinbend” in 2014, but that isn't strictly true since micro-collateral is still required and timechains aren't full secure yet, but recently I've been thinking that it's possible to create an exchange with the same properties as ShapeShift using zero-knowledge proofs and a few other innovations. It's even possible to do things like gambling and other financial contracts between strangers without the need for third-party trust.
It's a lot of work though, and I still need to put the ideal team together and find investors.
@_date: 2016-04-30 03:29:46
First impressions as a dumb user:
1. Starting up: beautiful splash screen, nice logo, typography, etc.
2. Syncing with Tor: impressive attention to privacy. Startup time is a bit slow but I'm assuming its downloading the order book? At least there is a loading bar. Not that slow overall, I guess. It's quite clear to me that based on coding (what I assume is) a decentralized order book you clearly care a lot about doing this right instead of taking short cuts. This is honestly rarer than it seems in the Bitcoin space so you have my respect for doing this.
3. App opens: wow. This looks incredible and has clearly changed a lot since I last used this. The software looks very intuitive and I can immediately see what I need to know. There is almost no learning curve for using this app.
4. Lets try sell some Bitcoins. A list of offers starts showing. Are these the buy orders I wonder? Very interesting how you've structured this. The user can start to fill demand, I honestly like how you've done that.
5. I go to try sell and it tells me I need to create some kind of account. There is almost no input validation for creating accounts. Might want to at least add some address checks here as that could be problematic for contracts. Overall, nice UI - I have to say.
6. A huge strength of this design that didn't immediately stand out to me before is how easily it can support a huge number of currencies (and payment options.) Since you're using collateral to enforce trades with Bitcoin, there's no smart contract code needed to be written for every special currency (which may not be possible anyway.) To highlight this -- the software supports both Ethereum and Dogecoin using the exact same contract code which are both completely different. So long as you can get a send address -- things can work from virtually any wallet, too. This is definitely quite interesting and reminds me a lot of BitHalo-style game theory.
Overall, I am quite impressed. I've never particularly been a fan of using collateral for contracts like this but I do see the benefits of doing so. Very nice work. Bitsquare may just be the ShapeShift of p2p currency exchange.
Edit: obvious downsides -- Bitcoin is needed for every trade to serve as collateral. This means that if the user doesn't already have Bitcoin (quite likely if they're trying to purchase Bitcoin!) then they won't be able to trade. So this does make the software quite a lot harder to use and potentially inconvenient.
Unfortunately, so far there's been no easy way to integrate USD/BTC without requiring the person to send their entire passport to some exchange to get "verified" and this might just be the nail in the coffin when it comes to adoption ... I really have no good suggestions for solving this problem. Looking back, this was one of the many reasons why I've tried to avoid using collateral in my contracts but maybe it won't turn out to be such an issue for alt-coins traders (many of which probably already have some Bitcoins stashed.)
@_date: 2016-04-06 23:10:21
They can't recover the coins as they're locked up in a multi-sig using the opposite sides keys. Unfortunately, thinking about how refunds would work brings up bigger issues. I'll have to think about this scheme some more.
@_date: 2016-04-26 01:38:01
There are smart contracts that would provide the same benefits and usability as a ShapeShift-style setup if properly executed with sound engineering. Who says you have to trade usability for security? 
@_date: 2016-04-07 07:53:36
Yeah, that's definitely not ideal. I spent some time thinking about a solution for the refund problem today and think I've almost solved it. If I get it finished tomorrow I'll post a revised version because obviously having a race condition for refunds isn't the way to go.
@_date: 2016-04-08 09:04:15
You understood it fine. The problem is -- there's hundreds of cryptocurrencies at varying levels of development, forked at many different points in time and a lot of them haven't been updated in years (Litecoin comes to mind.) So updating every blockchain's op codes to add CLTV wouldn't be practical for all of them.
Also, what do you think about this scheme applied to fairly custom blockchains? Could be used to exchange assets across quite different blockchains without needing any particular op code support (or lock-timed outputs) since it works on the TX level and not on the blockchain / consensus level. Might lead to new smart contracts.
Edit: cross-blockchain smart contracts?
@_date: 2016-04-26 01:31:41
I was using withdrawal as an analogy but excellent attempt at a character assassination. Are you by any chance a shill for ShapeShift come to show everyone how "secure" it is? Yes, I think we have a winner over here folks!
In answer to your misleading remarks: I quite clearly stated the only possible way that ShapeShift could work based on providing instant withdrawals and settlement. If you imagine a regular exchange for trading coins, normally it works like this:
1. Both sides deposit their coins.
2. They place compatible trades.
3. The exchange matches their trades.
4. They withdraw.
But since ShapeShift provides instant settlement regardless of liquidity for other pairs it implies that trades aren't matched strictly based on other user's deposits (and in fact this is the best way to scale the service up.) In other words -- ShapeShift isn't actually a currency exchange -- it's more like a broker.
Here's how Shapeshift actually works under the hood:
1. ShapeShift has a number of assets stored in hot wallets.
2. A user sends a base currency to an address associated with a given trade.
3. ShapeShift waits for N confirmations (maybe N is based on size of money so smaller payments have less of a wait as they have reduced risk when considering double-spends.)
4. After N confirmations -- ShapeShift sends back the quote currency -from its own money- NOT another users "deposit."
5. The user receives the quote currency. From the perspective of the user -- they just magically exchanged one currency for another with very little wait time (this is similar to TransferWise style routing so nothing new here.) When you think about it - this is in fact the only possible way ShapeShift could operate how they do otherwise during periods of low liquidity users would have to wait for their trades to match against other users funds and since that's not the case - I can logically deduce ShapeShift is acting as a broker.
This means that by inference -- ShapeShift needs to keep around a huge amount of assets in their hot wallets to match future expected volume -in addiction- to the pending / clearing funds that their users "deposit." Hence why I said the risk for this is actually higher than if they waited for deposits to clear so they could be matched against other users. Because now: not only are they risking the user's funds for clearing (which may be in cold storage – I guess that's one way to do that) but they're also risking their float.
Please explain how else ShapeShift could operate while retaining the same benefits? I'd love for you to show everyone how any of this is in my imagination.
@_date: 2016-04-26 00:34:50






No actually. In order to process withdrawals your exchange needs to have access to a certain amount of coins on an Internet-facing server to process the volume. Those coins by definition aren't secure since the exchange needs to keep ECDSA private keys around on the server to sign new outgoing transactions (which anyone can then steal if the servers are hacked.) This is obviously much less secure than the alternative that I and others have proposed.
In this case -- you claim that no customer's funds were lost so your model “works” - but that is honestly quite a misleading statement. You acknowledge funds were stolen, putting aside how much was recovered from other exchanges -- absorbing the internal loss for a hack so that the customer doesn't have to pay doesn't change the fact that funds were stolen (and that your security model is flawed.)
In fact, even if you never get hacked again in the future -- it still doesn't change the fact that you're using a needlessly broken security model that only exists because of your own incompetence, laziness, and corporate greed to implement anything better.
Edit: just realized something even scarier about ShapeShift. The evidence seems to point to a design where you have a huge amount of float in a number of wallets so that transactions don't need to clear prior to matching them for someone else. This would imply an even larger risk for hot wallets since you're not strictly matching customer's funds but floating the volume with your own money. That would be the reason why "no customer funds were lost" -- you lost your own float / money! I don't know why, but I always assumed the liquidity algorithm was more sophisticated.
Anyway, you don't know what the hell you're doing. Fuck this shit, I'm out.
@_date: 2016-04-08 05:09:35
Quite sure they're just using normal atomic cross-chain transfers which are broken due to TX malleability and require non-standard transactions to work (so it will only work with a few cryptocurrencies because it requires miners to ignore standardness when validating TXs / to have up-to-date patches for what "standard" means across every cryptocurrency you want to trade. Translation: not realistic.)
The zero-knowledge + timechain approach will work with every cryptocurrency that supports multi-sig (a lot) and since you're not actually relying on any inherent property of a specific blockchain (like special op codes) for it to work -- the general idea could also be used to stitch together completely unrelated blockchains. Kind of like a two-way peg but without the need for a hard-fork.
@_date: 2016-04-06 08:55:51
Mercury implements Atomic Cross-chain Transfers, i.e. cross-chain contracts v2 and as such doesn't work for trading arbitrary crytocurrencies. It also doesn't solve the refund problem without the use of a third-party (since the refund TX suffers from TX malleability.) The zero-knowledge approach would solve these problems since it doesn't require non-standard transactions and unlike using micro-payment channels -- has no counter party risk at all. 
Mercury is a cool project but we're not discussing the same thing here.
@_date: 2016-04-26 01:47:35
It depends on what kind of exchange you want to build. Existing contracts wouldn't (easily) fit the liquidity requirements but when you think about it: ShapeShift is basically just acting as a poor mans hub in a bi-directional micro-payment channel scheme only without any of the cryptography to protect the money.
If we assume that the Lightning network will be successful then this problem is easily solved by future wallets with cross-blockchain payment hubs.
@_date: 2016-04-25 23:09:51
What's depressing to me is that we've had the technology to do trustless cryptocurrency exchange since 2013 and nobody cared. I even wrote a working prototype for trading most cryptocurrencies with micro-payment channels without the need for a third-party but it never gained even the slightest amount of traction. I probably would have worked on it long enough to make it as user-friendly as ShapeShift if anyone gave the slightest damn about having a secure alternative but since a company like ShapeShift can just claim that they're secure and everyone believes them - I honestly have no incentive to work on this.
What I find amusing about this is that even after this company was hacked literally 3 times people are still praising them for their "transparency" and "hard work" rather than asking the hard question of whether this is the right security model to be using for cryptocurrencies. You people are honestly everything that's wrong with the Bitcoin space at the moment because you all believe everything that's put in front you by companies without question and then pay them for it - which is honestly the exact the same mentality that lead to the development of a flawed, centralized banking system that's exploited its unthinking customers for centuries.
Can I ask what incentive a company has to be secure if they can just claim to be secure right up until the point of being hacked and straight after it happens - just concoct some elaborate story stating they've "addressed" the issue and you all buy it (literally)? You've all put money down on the table to make this happen and so long as you keep doing that -- companies like ShapeShift are going to continue to get away with releasing sub-par products since its already been market-validated that customers will pay for it. Why not get rich from releasing crap if its faster and easier than the alternative and people are guaranteed not to notice it? 
How many more companies in the Bitcoin space need to exist before you all realize that we've essentially just reinstated the same old banking system using Bitcoin as a novel proxy? At this point, I'm genuinely not sure if there will ever be a proper, venture backed FinTech company (of any kind) that is secure by design (using smart contracts) and isn't just a quick grab for cash. We have the technology to convert almost every use of Bitcoin to a trustless smart contract (assuming no external state.) Yet the cycle keeps repeating and all you have to blame here is yourselves.
Feel free to down vote this post all you like ShapeShift. I'm sure all the millions you have can afford you plenty of shills. I am also sure that enough people are blind enough to believe you. But just know you haven't fooled me and Satoshi is coming to clean up every FinTech company. It's just a matter of coding the right smart contracts. In the mean time, continue to profit from your “innovation” of using 2-of-3 multi-sig. Absolutely genius invention ShapeShift.
@_date: 2015-06-22 12:45:30
Well /bitcoin/, our brief moment of Reddit fame has now ended and we must now crawl back into the dark corner of obscurity. I thank everyone who contributed feedback; We read every comment and we intend to fix the issues raised with our paper and do our best to release a prototype for timechains in the future.
@_date: 2015-06-21 22:58:59
That isn't the claim being made here. The claim for escrow is that if it were to disappear the participants in the contract still have a way to get their money back without having to trust each other so the process adds more reliability and security to external state escrow. And your analogy here with centralized exchange doesn't really make sense: it's obviously in every businesses best interest not to be hacked and lose all their customer's money but you can hardly blame them if no one in the world knows how they can do it without exposing themselves to a massive amount of risk. We've suggested the timechain as one possible way to help these businesses stay secure without having to rely on humans or software (which can easily fail) but there are definitely better ways to do it depending on context.
Even though you do seem a bit critical you have given us valuable feedback and we made changes to our design based on what you said (to help solve the double-spend problem) - v2 of the paper coming soon. If you have any more ideas I'm definitely interested in hearing them. 
@_date: 2015-06-23 05:54:54
I'm really terrible at communicating things - sorry about that.


Definitely. Ideally the whole thing could be done without any trust at all and who knows - maybe you could do some form of multi-party computation to generate the required information for the entire timechain in such a way that no single entity was in control but they could check that the integrity was sound.
I would speculate there is a way to do that now but this is something the right people will have to build upon - one of the many benefits of open collaboration.
@_date: 2015-06-21 16:41:27
This code definitely isn't ideal but I was trying to keep things simple to explain the concept.
@_date: 2015-06-21 22:17:30
The main problem the timechain addresses is not trust but security: the timechain allows being able to throw away ECDSA private keys and have them released reliability after a certain time-frame without having to rely on a third-party to enforce this functionality. No private keys or moving parts = nothing that can be hacked. It's a system that can improve the security of a number of services.
If you're concerned about the trust problem there is nothing stopping multiple timechains from being used to form contracts and keep information safe. Companies are free to generate their own timechain which will allow them to enforce basic functionality for their customers without the inherent risks associated with server compromise. This is a huge improvement for security compared to the way funds are currently managed and in particular for smart contract and oracle-based systems.
@_date: 2015-06-21 23:21:35
Btw, we didn't invent hash-based time-lock encryption. It occurred to me that new people are going to think we invented this whole thing from scratch when we're building on the work of Gwern Branwen -  (original inventor of hash-based time-lock crypto, parallel chains, and more), Peter Todd -  (incentivised time-lock encryption), and many other people.
I did mention them in the paper and linked to their pages but maybe citations would have been better?
@_date: 2015-06-21 16:35:43
One possible way to solve the double-spend problem is through the difficulty of the IV nonce puzzle. If the difficulty is high enough it should give the first person enough chance to confirm a redeeming TX in the blockchain before someone else cracks the nonce puzzle and starts racing to break the link. However, when participants see that a person has broadcast a claiming transaction it is in the participants best interest to start working on the next IV as soon as possible: why - because in all likelihood they might not be able to double-spend (which still requires being able to -start- with a correct nonce -and- do the 5 minutes of hashing when they do.)
So the competition here is really what makes the timechain attractive to participation and unattractive to cheating, but in reality the length of the time-lock and even the currency might need to be adjusted to avoid this problem. I mean Peter Tood did recently convince F2Pool to accept replace by fee which makes this proposal potentially less rewarding - however the timechain's native currency isn't effected by these issues because its based on signing with the private key which is only available if you break a link and replace by fee won't work with this custom currency.
3 second propagation + rejection for later signing with same key + hash-based proof of work = a blockchain simultaneously protected by the timechain -and- normal hash-based mining.
As for the -if they keep the private key part-: the answer is smart contracts. With a 3 of 4 multi-sig account where 2 of the keys belong to the owner, 1 to the recipient and 1 that is one of these "exchange" private keys - even if the exchange kept the private keys they could not use it to steal any money. So unless the exchange was also starting these contracts they would lack the leverage necessary to steal coins.
In a nutshell: there's no economic advantage to the exchange to potentially sabotage its future business by keeping keys around to be stolen when it can be empirically proven there is little benefit to doing so (with exceptions mentioned in the Uptrenda paper with a rogue exchange - but the general business logic still stands.)
@_date: 2015-06-21 23:40:37
Working title.
@_date: 2015-06-22 15:13:53
The solution you propose doesn't work for secure cryptocurrency exchange. If two participants are both generating their own time-locks for smart contracts then this implies that they have 100% leverage over the funds which opens up a window for double-spends. Multi-sig escrow also doesn't work because it relies on an active dispute system which can be hacked or manipulated. My approach allows for an exchange to provide a secure refund service for smart contracts without having to keep ECDSA private keys around for signing so the exchange itself can't be hacked and currencies can be traded directly between users. (Btw, the leverage problem listed here also applies to other smart contracts.)
If you're talking about time-released plaintext - then yes - there's little reason not to do it yourself providing you have a super computer (depending on the time-frame) and the resources to be able to constantly (and reliability) break the chain - most people don't. The main advantage to the timechain is that it allows information to be made accessible at arbitrary points in the future by anyway without requiring them to manage cracking or resource-intensive computations - and the killer use case for this is smart contracts (but there are many other benefits.)
@_date: 2015-06-22 14:14:45


I think you're still missing the point of the timechain. The idea is that a reputable agent securely builds a timechain and that after release - there is no way to disrupt the basic behaviour of the timechain even if the reputable agent were to be completely controlled by an attacker (or even disappear entirely.) So timechains only need to be generated security **once** and their basic behaviour is guaranteed for an entire *year* or longer depending on how long you make the timechain. Contrast this to an existing system: how would you do it? You would have to keep private keys around on a server and perpetually provide an active function to ensure those keys stay safe - could you guarantee it wouldn't be hacked for an entire year? Well the timechain can because it removes the need for third-party involvement by converting third-party trust into a deterministic data structure based on a chain of hash-based time-lock encryption keys - which is genuinely a huge improvement in security. 
As for the trust problems: you're 100% right. This system does not offer verifiability. It's designed specifically to be used by reputable agents for their own services in order to keep their keys safer - however using the approaches I described in my paper can allow third-parties to use timechains and reduce the impact of trust by using multiple timechains to encrypt plaintext and threshold schemes for contracts. The trust problem still isn't solved but its impact is greatly reduced.


I can't speak for every exchange out there but one of the reasons I'm building the timechain is so I don't have to worry about having my refund system hacked. I can simply build a timechain on an offline GPU cluster, stitch the links together myself, discard the keys, and use that structure to provide a reliable refund system without having to rely on oracles to provide that functionality (whose private keys would otherwise have to sit around on servers the *entire* time.)
If an exchange wants to act incompetent and keep keys around unnecessarily that's up to them - but it isn't a counter argument for why timechains aren't a useful data structure or why they shouldn't be used - especially given that the systems that would most benefit from timechains require trust anyway.


You also have to trust that the companies you do business with every day aren't going to run off with your money. It's the exact same thing: there is no reason to keep keys around with the timechain and having the possibility of services misusing it isn't an argument against the timechain itself. It's an argument against human stupidity which is ironically the main problem the timechain can avoid.


And I appropriate it. It's not always fun having to receive negative feedback but its beneficial since that's how you learn and improve your ideas.


The last time I looked into homomorphic encryption it was literally too slow to do anything with. There's a lot of cool stuff in cryptography at the moment that would make the timechain obsolete if it were practical today. Things like indistinguishably obfuscation, for example, would allow you to create DACs that run themselves and do everything from use human bank accounts to hiring staff - and you could allow anyone to run such a DAC without trust ... but that's a long way away. I'll take a better look at your suggestions when I next get chance (but I'm convinced it won't provide the same benefits as the timechain because I've looked into this already.)


You could have said the exact same thing about the probability of having functional p2p money in 2008 (and in fact many people at the time did) - but the ingredients to build Bitcoin were available for years before it was built and cryptographers missed it entirely. So why did they miss it? Because not many people were focused on the field and not many people brought the same perspective that Satoshi did to the problem. Had an actual cryptographer tried to solve the problem - they probably would have ended up going no where because POW is considered very ugly by most cryptographers. So in answer to your question I think its perfectly possible the timechain could work and there's nothing novel about the crypto - it's quite literally just hashes, hash chains, hybrid crypto, and digital signatures.
Granted, I admit the odds aren't in my favour for the crypto being bulletproof and I'm certainly no cryptographer - but much of what I'm doing is not without precedent. Hash-locked contracts have been around since 2014 for example, and there's no problem there. In fact one of the ways Bitcoin protects public keys and redemption scripts is with a similar hash-based approach to my own ... but obviously the overall system will still need to be vetted by people far more knowledge about cryptography than myself.
@_date: 2015-06-21 14:56:19
My attempt at an ELI5.
What is the timechain? The timechain is a chain of encryption keys that can be used by anyone to encrypt information for a certain period of time - exactly how long depends on how far up the chain the keys are as each key is spaced 5 minutes apart. The timechain is also a DAC or decentralized autonomous corporation - it gives financial rewards to participants for breaking links in the chain which simultaneously releases the secrets needed to decrypt information.
By breaking links in the chain you consume 5 minutes of computing resources to be able to derive the encryption keys - which is what keeps information encrypted for a certain amount of time. When a link is broken - it also releases a puzzle to the rest of the network. The first person to solve the puzzle receives what input to use for their 5 minutes of computing resources - this is what keeps the process fair. If the first person to break a link receives the starting value for the next link then they can just keep breaking links and steal all the currency. The timechain solves that problem with mining - a very similar process to how Bitcoin does it. So our native currency with the timechain is Time (physically - since its a real cryptocurrency and ah metaphorically too.)
Why does this matter? Because as it turns out you can solve a number of important problems with the timechain. For example, if you want to do smart contracts like micropayment channels, cross-chain contracts, or anything with a refund protocol you actually can't in Bitcoin because of tx malleability - and even if you fixed that you're still screwed for alt-coins.
And what about security? We all know exchanges and wallets suck - even with multi-sig. Keeping private keys around all the time just isn't a good idea. A much smarter idea would be to store money over time. If money wasn't all available at one point in time it would be much harder to steal. So the timechain is all about making smart contracts possible today and opening up new possibilities for how we can keep our cryptocurrencies safer. Plus, there may be new uses we haven't thought of yet and that's kind of exciting.
@_date: 2015-06-22 14:31:51
A use case I listed is a new type of wallet based on time. The idea is that you would split your money up across rotating time slots based on your average spending. To make payments you would schedule payments to occur as your future money becomes available in one of these time slots and you would use a multi-sig so your wallet keys + the future money were both needed to make payments (because you don't trust the timechain 100% - I don't expect you to.)
The wallet would also use time-locked refunds which would enable you to double spend your own payments before the future money becomes available - that way - if you ever think you might be hacked or have a bad feeling - the attacker would have to wait for the future money to become available, giving you plenty of time to use your refund and cancel the money in that time slot.
It's basically a way to have unhackable wallets by using time to inconvenience attackers since attackers need to be able to jack your coins as fast as possible. The obvious downside is it also inconvenience you but perhaps if you get the timeslots right and the right quantities you could strike the right balance between security and usability.
Just an idea. And the vault idea works too, btw.
@_date: 2015-06-22 14:38:43
TX malleability will probably always be a problem on old school alt-coins. Virtually every alt-coin forked from Bitcoin doesn't have malleability patches and there's hundreds of them. So if you're talking about Bitcoin: ideally we would have a patch in soon for TX malleability. Practically: I can't say how long that will take since developers can't even seem to agree on how to agree ...
@_date: 2017-02-12 09:47:41
There are many ways to integrate fiat transfers into a decentralized exchange. If you're using micropayment channels you can trade cryptoassets for fiat-derivatives without the same risk as if the exchange had to accept crypto-deposits. It also should be possible to do this just as fast as with a regular exchange if you use a custom payment channel design.
Another way to accept fiat is to produce cryptographic proofs for SSL-type content so you can prove that a transfer to a destination happened. This could all be done in a distributed system to make peer-to-peer payments through online banking websites without the need to ask the bank for permission.
IMO, the problem with decentralized exchange is a complete lack of funding. It's an extremely demanding technical problem to create these exchanges and it requires significant resources to do that. Currently, Bitsquare is the only real group left trying to solve this problem. All other companies have either run out of money or given up (I myself was working on this problem too but sooner or later I realized it was impossible to do so without resources.)
Now try pitch this idea to an investor:
Entrepreneur: "I'm trying to build an exchange that's more secure. It's decentralized and uses magnets n' shit."
Investor: "What benefit does that offer to the customer?"
Entrepreneur: "Well, it prevents them from getting hacked. Again, magnets. I'm going to need 'bout 1 mil in seed to build it and it will take months if not years to do so because its so complicated."
Investor: "Ah... So you're saying as long as a centralized exchange doesn't get hacked there's no distinguishable difference between the two of them? And it's also going to cost far more to build your design, be harder to market, and remove your ability to make money from fees afterwards since the customer is in complete control of the product. Let me get my check book out."
Tl; dr: It's easier to make money with a centralized exchange. That's the real reason why we're unlikely to see a good decentralized one soon. But there are also a lot of very smart people out there and many investors in this space understand the tech quite well. So maybe we will eventually see a well-funded company in a better position to tackle this massive and daunting set of challenges.
Until then, my money is on the big exchanges because again: this isn't purely a technical problem that can be solved by writing better code. A lot of it is financial and without that you're not going to get very far.
@_date: 2017-02-14 01:00:18
So every token has a value relative to BET as part of its offering / pegging, and based on this relationship you can do:
Currency A -&gt; BET -&gt; Currency B
ALGORITHMICALLY, based on the price relationships WITHOUT there needing to be a particular order that exists to sell currency B for currency A beforehand.
If that actually works then let me just say: DAMN. That is pretty cool. This system will allow for universal liquidity between currencies. You'll be able to even purchase obscure assets and the price will be automatically factored into it using smart contracts based on fluctuating reserve quantities, no order book needed.
A++++++++, would read again. Also, that white paper was impeccable. My cynical first thoughts:
1. Well, this blog sounds cool by there's no white paper so its just more buzz words.
2. Ah ... there is a white paper, lets read this now.
3. Well, that sounds cool but how would that work in practice. There's no examples.
4. Wait ... there are the examples. Great.
Absolutely nailed it. If this works as advertised then I'm honestly impressed. 
Edit: By the way, you can also use this system to stop ICO scams since you can use it to control the price and code in rules to describe how low reserve rates can dip over a given period of time to stop IPO pump and dumps. (This isn't my idea, it's David Zimbecks but I thought you would find that interesting.)
Edit2: I think the idea will work but I have a feeling that Mastercoin and Counterparty already work this way for their exchange though I'm not too familiar with their systems. I know the idea to do exchange this way has existed for a while but I haven't heard of the reserve idea until now.
@_date: 2017-02-24 08:26:19
It feels like it's 2013 again and we're all just watching the charts like hawks as it gains dollars before our very eyes. I haven't felt this excited in a long time but lets keep in mind the fundamentals here - and that's that the tech still has a long way to go.
If the price is spiking that much from the ETF news then this is almost entirely speculation. Because from a solid tech perspective very little in the actual protocol has changed since around 2013 (some view this as a benefit, others a curse, it has its pros and cons.) Sadly there is still a lot of stuff that has been disabled in the blockchain and I get the feeling that some people would like to see it limited even more (the OP_CODES I mean. Bitcoin's semi-powerful Scripting language is a huge barrier to adding MimbleWimble support.)
I think Bitcoin is shaping up to be an excellent store of value though it won't be that ideal for developers in the future (unfortunately - and it isn't really now.) I can think of several very good reasons not to use the blockchain for most applications but I mean that doesn't mean that Bitcoin doesn't have a value. It's value at the moment seems to come from the fact that it was the first and became the gold standard within the space. But I still think that with only minor changes the blockchain could be made to accommodate the majority of use-cases.
Anyway, lets see what happens first. I am sure that the software has many more surprises left to show us.
@_date: 2017-02-12 23:26:31
There's a few exchanges you can try but I'm not sure if they're still running.
Coinffeine is one you can try and Bitsquare is another. As for how they work: 
Bitsquare uses collateral to make the trades happen so you already need to be holding some amount of Bitcoins to do it (kind of annoying.)
Coinffeine on the other hand: lets you deposit your fiat money at a regular exchange where they give you a balance on your account. This balance is then traded incrementally with other users in exchange for Bitcoin. So maybe you give them $1, they give you like 0.00001 BTC, give them another $1, etc ... until you have all the money (It's done using special payment channels so you don't need to wait for the blockchain every increment.)
So yeah, give these exchanges a try and of the two of them Coinffeine sounds like like what you most want at the moment. I suppose there are also other exchanges that use multiple signers to hold money (B &amp; C exchange is a good example) but I honestly have no idea if that's even functional yet. They managed to raise a crap load of money a few years ago but somehow they were incredibly slow to release what I consider to be quite basic software. So I honestly wouldn't recommend them.
Hope this helps. I know this kind of thing is painful at the moment but that's because we're still in the early stages for a lot of this. It will be a few more years before the average joe doesn't want to kill someone after trying out this process.
@_date: 2017-02-15 20:39:12
It blows me away how thorough some academics are. They're literally building models of the Bitcoin network so they can test the performance of various protocols on it.
Their scientific approach to Bitcoin has always impressed me about their work.
@_date: 2017-02-02 02:08:46
Reminds me of this: 
The two of you should team up and write the Bitcoin equivalent of Alice In Wonderland. Would read / 10.
@_date: 2017-02-18 00:30:26
I've seen quite a few companies try to promote themselves here in a very misleading way and when I pointed this out I was promptly downvoted.
I do get why they're doing it though. It's incredibly tough when you run a company because you have to compete with so much noise in the online world (and to add insult to injury most of it is garbage.) Consequently, you'll do just about anything to get your product in front of real users. 
The problem in this case arises when marketers get frustrated and make repeated low-quality attempts to misdirect people's attention. Just be transparent with what you're working on, why it matters, and the issues you're having and you might just find that people start to give a damn. There is no need to manipulate.
@_date: 2017-02-22 04:53:38
Yeah, that's controversial of you to say but I actually agree with you. The rationals and logic that R3 presented in their white papers for the benefits a blockchain provides / whether or not to use one are sound. But don't expect to get much respect for that idea here.  People like to hate on "Bitcoin's enemies."
@_date: 2017-02-18 03:09:57
I feel the same way. It's purposefully misleading.
@_date: 2017-02-16 11:26:55
Does the idea of favouring science over politics terrify you that much? Because I think a lot of people here would prefer cold hard data to the kind of low quality squabbling and name calling that has become so common in the Bitcoin world lately.
I may not agree with your opinion on the block size debate but I at least respect it. Perhaps you can try to do the same without resorting to trying to assassinate anyones character who disagrees with you and that also applies to "too.
Just FYI: Not everyone who disagrees with you is necessarily a troll. A lot of people think that smarfbanking is a sock puppet, shill, etc, but the alternate view is that he's just an individual who really cares about the technology and has his own idea of how things should be done in Bitcoin.
As I see it both sides have some good points. That's why I frequent bitcoin, btc, and even buttcoin, and read papers by people with opposing views. We can all learn something from each other but only if we keep our minds open. The moment you choose a side in a debate you've already lost because the debate can only end in the opponent validating what you already believe.
I'm not going to do that today. Instead I challenge you to read the data.
@_date: 2017-03-29 00:08:01
This is a really silly analogy for several reasons.
1. The first flight by the Wright brothers took place in 1903. That's more than 100 years worth of work to uncover the science of flying. In comparison blockchains are a relatively young science and while their properties are well understood by some people there is still a lot of unanswered questions.
2. To the extent that there can be experts in this field the first premise means that they can't by definition know very much at this stage. Thus it is still possible for outsiders to make valid contributions or to understand new things that they've missed.
3. There is a huge difference between "blockchain engineering" and "aeronautical engineering" in that a guy is unlikely to go out and build an entire god-damn plane in his backyard (it's certainly possible - but lets ignore that for a moment.) Whereas anyone can create a blockchain in their spare time with nothing more than a text editor.
4. Blockchains have a lower barrier to entry and experts police themselves. If I want to be a pilot I have to go to a special school to study for years and if I pass they certify that I'm qualified to fly, that I understand the scientific underpinnings of what I'm doing, that I won't crash the plane and kill all passengers.
On the other hand: if I want to be a blockchain engineer all I have to do is learn C++ and study how PoW consensus works, and as long as I can fit in with existing devs on IRC suddenly I am a Core "Expert.  
As you can see from this: there is no one who is certifying that a given person necessarily is qualified to "fly the plane" (other than themselves - do you see the problem here.) And I argue that based on premise 1 we cannot know that information with absolute certainty at this stage (hence the idea of a "blockchain expert" is extremely arrogant.)
Based on point 3 I can surmise that there is no inherent special quality about being a "Bitcoin" or a "blockchain" expert other than dedication to the project. So basically, they are normal developers like you or me who happen to take an interest in blockchains (why should their opinions matter more than yours?)
Trying to make out that this is an impossible achievement for other people is honestly quite insulting and many people within the community already understand these systems just as well as core developers do (and sometimes better.) 
**It's also not all about technology**
There are various aspects of a blockchain system that have nothing to do with computer science. Social, economic, political, business, psychological ... If we accept that core really are the indisputable experts whose *technical* opinions somehow take priority over everyone else's (include yours, dear reader) then it is still unlikely that they are also experts in all the aforementioned areas that blockchains intersect.
Finally, I'll leave you with another thought: An interesting quality written about experts is that after a certain point in time new ideas about a field are actually less likely to come from them. This is because their thinking has become so colored by existing work that they cannot contribute past their own narrow and specialized understanding of the world (citation 
I'm not sure how valid the above idea is any more but its something to keep in mind.
@_date: 2017-03-25 03:01:52
There's definitely potential for Bitcoin in the gaming world. Just off the top of my head you might be able to use it as a trustless mechanism to do competitive online matches where everyone pays to enter the competition and the winner takes all. And other people have used it to put game items on the blockchain which is cool too.
Projects like yours are exactly why this thread exists so don't apologize for "self-promotion." What do you see as the main problem that Bitcoin tipping solves for Twitch streamers? I don't use Twitch or game that much myself but is there some kind of unfilled need there?
@_date: 2017-03-25 00:14:17
Maybe I'm wrong about this but I haven't seen a project now for a while that's made me think "gee, that's a really damn cool idea." Back in about 2013 it seemed like every week you would hear about a new and excited project and there's been so many cool things done since then like:
* OpenBazaar, DarkMarket, and deep web marketplaces
* Storj, Sia, FileCoin, notarizing services, etc
* Steemit, Yours, etc
* Namecoin, Blockstack, etc
* Prediction markets like Augur
* Trustless gambling, lotteries, etc
* All kinds of asset exchange protocols, colored coins, etc
So many cool projects were released. But now its just like completely dead. You do hear about people working on new projects but they are mostly working on variations of ideas that were already discussed like 5 years ago.
It depresses me to think that maybe this is the peak of what we can expect from blockchain use-cases. It seems like all the low hanging fruit have already been picked and ended up becoming respectable companies and now we have nothing but years of  obscure scaling papers to look forward to.
In that respect, I am honestly interested in hearing about anyone who is working on something new for the blockchain (or even just new decentralized tech.)
@_date: 2017-03-29 04:05:58
Yeah, you're more right than you realise. Why even bother. 
@_date: 2016-06-02 07:19:01
Updated with a vague idea of a possible algorithm. Just throwing thoughts out there at this point.
@_date: 2017-08-04 15:39:41
There's actually no way to force miners to include transactions at all. If every miner wanted to they could simply mine empty blocks and there's nothing we could do about it. But I think the idea is that fees provide an incentive so if we assume miners are mining to make money (mining is expensive) then any miner who rejects a transaction will lose out on the fees to another miner in the future. Hence, it makes more sense to work on as many high fee transactions at once as the protocol allows so if you do win the lottery you make the most money.
@_date: 2017-01-25 04:55:18
Since you asked: its a part of how the transaction system is designed. I dont know how much you know about Bitcoin already but in Bitcoin private keys have the power to write blank checks with no way to limit those powers, meaning that if a private key is ever compromised it can be used to write a blank check to an attacker.
In the case of a centralized exchange everyone has to deposit their money into the same place where the exchange then takes hold of the customers money. This is necessary to match orders and allow customers to withdraw their balances whenever they want but it also introduces a single, massive, terrifyingly large target to an attacker who can steal private keys from the exchange and use it to take customer funds without any way to stop it.
One idea to fix this is called "Bitcoin Vaults." Basically, Bitcoin vaults let you flag money in Bitcoin as requiring a special time-delayed clearing phase. So now if an attacker steals a private key he cant just write a blank check - that check must first clear publicly on the blockchain giving the original owner a chance to cancel a fraudulent transaction during the settlement phase. At first this might seem like a contradiction to Bitcoins aim of non-reversible transactions but the idea is that transactions that are Bitcoin vault protected would be treated as non-final until settlement clears. So its basically a way to restrict how a set of coins move to limit the powers of a private key.
In my opinion this is the most necessary change to Bitcoin at the moment and it isnt safe to do finance in the Bitcoin world without this basic technology. How many banks would find it acceptable to say to a customer (if they were hacked) that "sorry, theres nothing we can do, the protocol doesnt allow recovery" because currently thats standard practice in Bitcoin. With Bitcoin vaults you solve this problem and also get to keep 100% of the same power, openness, and integrity, of the blockchain. The only difference is now youve added an addition security mechanism so you have a fail-safe for an owner if everything goes wrong.
@_date: 2016-06-27 12:58:35
I tried to submit some papers there a while back and was told to reformat them in an academic style. In the end it was too much bullshit for me to go through with when I can just self-publish my thoughts and put it up for other people to review.
I honestly don't think an academic journal is right for Bitcoin since most of the people contributing aren't academics anyway and the whole process is extremely closed. We have people here from finance, software, law, eCommerce, and a whole range of other fields and the progress we're making is mostly transparent. 
As far as I can tell: modern journals are mostly just for researchers to jerk each other off using obfuscated mathematics behind horrible paywalls. There's seriously a huge shortage of quality papers in cryptography and computer science that even have any code attached which makes me think that half of this stuff doesn't even run ... Maybe that kind of closed model for publishing in Bitcoin isn't ideal and something similar to the BIP process would work better:
* Make sure the paper is readable
* Make sure it has a good tl; dr / summary
* Submit it to Github and people will review it, no lengthy edits or approvals needed
* Open to everyone, regardless of bias. Any bias is clearly noted but all ideas are given thought.
* Don't spam the Bitcoin dev mailing list for feedback like I have numerous times.
* Feel free to self-publish.
It's really that simple. 
@_date: 2017-01-25 01:33:24
IMO, the biggest issue with Bitcoin is security, not the block size. There are actually people out there right now who are trusted with protecting millions of dollars worth of other peoples money by being trusted with their private keys on major wallets, exchanges, merchants, etc. The people in the know will be using hardware wallets to do this but there is no guarantee that those devices wont contain backdoors, software bugs, vulnerabilities, or be misconfigured.
The solution to this problem is to use something like Bitcoin vaults to allow for an optional time-locked clearing phase for transactions so that the centralized services that have to exist dont have to play Russian roulette with other peoples money. But everyone is still so focused on the block size and scalability issues that theyve failed to notice that every major price crash so far hasnt been due to the blocksize but because yet another centralized service has been hacked (and more will be hacked in the future)
It honestly terrifies me that people are talking about a Bitcoin ETF like its a good thing without understanding the private key issue. Nothing worries me more than yet another major institution being trusted with investors money when Bitcoin hasnt been upgraded to deal with this level of centralized risk (multi-sig and secret sharing shards certainly help but they still dont solve the problem at hand)
If it were up to be Id be putting on hold every major exchange until these security issues were fixed but I predict instead we will see even more hacks before the problem is fixed.
@_date: 2017-01-26 01:11:02
Yes, if all the other keys are stolen you're still screwed but there are a few important differences with this approach:
1. The recovery keys don't need to be connected to the Internet. They can be stored securely in offline safes where they won't be as vulnerable compared to a hot wallet (or Internet-facing wallet.)
2. The design of vaults allow the recovery operation itself to be restricted. I.E. you can set things up so that coins can only be sent to a certain address [when coins are being recovered]. This is a useful concept because it means that theoretically you could outsource the process of checking for fraud to a third-party allowing for specialization in fraud mitigation that is of far greater sophistication than if every merchant were to roll their own solution.
You still need to be careful with the recovery keys but the overall approach gives you a fail-safe if the main keys are ever compromised (which, IMO is a far better approach than relying on defense alone and preying that you never get hacked.) 
@_date: 2017-08-10 03:40:03
Paging and other Bitcoin experts.
What do you think of their paper? It seems to me that most scalability improvements have made trade-offs on an existing process where the easiest thing to relax is usually either the security or flexibility.
The Lightning network for example made the trade-off of requiring a commitment to lock up funds before they could be used and then another transaction to settle but since settlement can be deferred its a similar trade-off to just sending money directly with the added disadvantage that the recipient also needs to be using Lightning (simplified, but good trade-offs compared to the benefits.)
My guess is this scheme is not as secure but I'm not up to date on scalability research. Thoughts?
@_date: 2016-11-20 05:25:45
It occurs to me that the response is probably going to be "sidechains" so if that's what the plan is, I am also curious how that's going to work in practice? Because doesn't that mean that you're going to have to commit more transactions to the Bitcoin blockchain anyway (lock and unlock?) I also don't see how that's going to be efficient (or viable) for the majority of one-time N party protocols I listed.
@_date: 2016-11-21 04:52:48
This will only work for centralized services like exchanges, online wallets, and merchants.
What I am talking about here is the entire point of using a blockchain: to form complex, trustless (or strictly defined) agreements, all of which depend on being able to use the underlying consensus system.
There are a huge number of projects on top of Bitcoin using its consensus system so if Lightning channels are the only way to use the blockchain, there's going to be even bigger problems in the future.
@_date: 2017-01-13 00:22:38
This seems to be the exact same idea as my "decentralized atomic cloud storage contracts" I wrote about back in March (
To summarize, the idea is based on paying to store and retrieve information on an untrusted host in such a way that:
1. The integrity of the original file is guaranteed and
2. The payment for this service is based on said integrity, consequently:
3. No side in the agreement can be cheated.
To do that you can adapt ECDSA public keys to encrypt files and use a HMAC for verification. The ECDSA pub key can be used as part of an additive public key scheme between both sides so that neither side has the full details of the key. The secret (the host's secret) is then released as part of a special smart contract prototocol that ensures that when the person storing the content claims payment for his services he also releases his side of the secrets so that the user can decrypt his original stored file.
Every step in the procedure can be verified. Interestingly, you don't actually need to extend Bitcoin to add new op codes to do this. My idea was based on creating a chain of transactions and then reusing R values in the signature which can then be validated with a zero-knowledge proof (since Bitcoin uses SHA256 there are already libraries that support this.)
The linked paper doesn't solve auditing, by the way. It's not enough to do atomic storage contracts alone since a host can just lie and say they still have the information. For that, you will need an audit protocol in place to check that the information still exists. This seems easy enough to do with a hash-based challenge response protocol and numerous transactions.
Edit: Looks like the linked paper also uses the same ECDSA hack for their scheme ...
Edit 2: Their implementation won't work on Bitcoin. OP_AND is still disabled. I came up with the same idea of using various op codes. The ZK-proof approach was only used because Bitcoin Script is too limited
Edit 3: Amazing. Every single idea presented in this paper is something that I and others have already written about months before and not a single word of credit has been given. It's hard to tell if this was independent mistake or actual plagiarism since the work is so similar.
@_date: 2016-09-26 11:47:00
Gee, I sure do wonder who said this quote:
"Long before the network gets anywhere near as large as that, it would be safe for users to use Simplified Payment Verification (section 8) to check for double spending, which only requires having the chain of block headers, or about 12KB per day. Only people trying to create new coins would need to run network nodes. At first, most users would run network nodes, but as the network grows beyond a certain point, **it would be left more and more to specialists with server farms of specialized hardware.**"
Or did you really think you could run a global financial system on your Laptops forever?
@_date: 2016-09-10 02:15:14
It's mind blowing that this course even exists. It feels like it was only yesterday that we were discussing whether or not multi-sig was a good idea and how it should be implemented between ~like max: 10 people. Now Bitcoin is this massive affair with educational institutions teaching courses on it and 100s of millions being spent on funding new Bitcoin companies.
I guess if you have to get a degree -- you could certainly do a lot worse than studying cryptocurrencies and blockchain tech when the whole industry is exploding. 
@_date: 2016-09-16 01:01:13
Addresses on envelopes are built for people though and they don't include large strings of meaningless characters. For this reason, Bitcoin addresses are suppose to include a checksum to detect a mistyped address but in the past wallets haven't checked this so many people have lost large sums of money from a simple mistake.
Contrast this with Internet banking: your bank will have proper input validation in place to detect mistyped accounts (because its extremely basic) and if you type an account number in that's valid but non-existing the funds will bounce back within a week (protocol enforced.) This is expected behavior by most people and if people really lost all their money from a mistyped account how popular do you think such a service would be with its customers?
I don’t know how people here expect to achieve mainstream adoption by providing arguably a worse, less-intuitive experience than the competition. This also isn't strictly about trading security for convenience. I think with current technology we can still provide a secure, decentralized currency that’s superior to the competition, but obviously not if we’re going to keep defending such a terrible user experience. Bitcoin’s tech elitism has almost become as bad as its censorship and Bitcoin maximalism, and ideally all three of these things need to stop. 
As it stands, I would be incredibly reluctant to recommend Bitcoin to any regular person knowing what happens here … It pains me to try imagine my poor old grandma using this currency and then being abused by all the loud mouths in this community who think that decentralized consensus protocol algorithms should be required knowledge to use the software … I can imagine my grandma trying to send the same money 10 times because her funds aren’t showing up due to the block size and then thinking that its broken. Worse still, this is now standard UX for most wallets and apparently “the majority” see nothing wrong with this.
@_date: 2016-09-10 01:58:39
Was it worth it? Did you learn anything new?
@_date: 2016-09-02 01:33:46
God damn it infuriates me seeing all these people use the word "blockchain" as if it were some bizarre mass noun when it should be used as a regular noun or an adjective:
Examples: 
* The blockchain (noun) is a distributed ledger for recording ownership of assets without requiring a trusted third-party.
* Blockchain (adjective) technology is changing finance.
* Maybe *the* blockchain really does have magical powers: Bitcoin.
These journalists don't even have the most basic clue what they're writing about. 
@_date: 2016-09-10 02:54:43
D) It can be programmed. Want to add a sophisticated security system to your Bitcoins or perhaps use it as part of some trustless protocol for gambling -- you can do that with cryptocurrencies but not with regular money.
The fact that the currency can be programmed is fairly ground-breaking and makes it hard to estimate its future value (it will obviously be a lot -- its a very useful feature.)
@_date: 2016-09-22 10:35:42


Got to say: I like this guy.
@_date: 2016-09-04 23:57:57
Downvoting for likely scam. Buying Bitcoins with Paypal = not a good idea. Also,  those payment methods can be double spent :/
@_date: 2016-09-08 09:34:21
Looks like Bitwala are shilling again
@_date: 2016-09-22 20:15:00
I think most people are probably missing the general context that banks want to use this technology for in that it's essentially going to be used as a settlement layer for inter-bank transfers. Now in the past this couldn't be done because:
1. There was no good way to do it.
2. Banks didn't see the benefit.
3. Such a system would need immense cooperation.
4. It would cost a lot (still will.)
But with Bitcoin, it effectively served as a proof-of-concept for why the problem matters and how it could be solved in a financial environment.
I can hear you all now: "but a blockchain is suppose to be immutable" and I agree with you. But still consider the immense benefits that a good consensus system like a blockchain would have for banking. Suddenly, firms will have a standardized way to trust each other, to form agreements, to verify agreements, to improve privacy and security, and to create complex new asset classes.
But what about the immutability? Well, I'm presuming that this is going to be like some kind of M of N multi-sig scheme between the member banks and financial regulators where they can modify the financial records in the worse-case scenario. This is probably still going to be very difficult to do and will require agreement of several of the banks to do it (you could even have some of the keys stored offline for added "security".)
But the general idea here seems to be that a "blockchain" in this context is still useful where the banks don't want to have to trust and verify transactions from other branches the majority of the time but still want a way to do so under a worse case scenario. This might seem like a contradiction at first but actually makes a lot of sense for banking when you think about it.
If you guys are interested in how banks are thinking of applying this technology you should checkout some of the stuff by R3. It's obviously not that compatible with a lot of the views here but it will give you some indication of where things are going with "permissioned" or "private" ledgers. 
Edit: I should also mention that if the intention here is to revoke coins that have been mistakingly sent during a hack - then Bitcoin Vaults are a much better way to do this than editing the "blockchain" directly. But this would also require a timed settlement phase which banks might wish to avoid.
@_date: 2016-09-15 16:43:33
There are no solutions presently that are comparable to a block size increase in its effect for current users.
* Lightening doesn't increase the base on-chain scaling and assumes that everyone will magically switch to it for it to achieve any benefits which is an incredibly unrealistic assumption somewhat akin to assuming that everyone using the web will someday switch to using the same web browser. Not to mention there are other problems with Lightening that are far too controversial for anyone here to discuss without derailing this entire thread, but I predict this will happen anyway.
* SegWitness is the same.
* MimbleWimble is the same (and last time I checked sidechains elements currently uses an insecure, naive threshold scheme to achieve consensus which is vulnerable to collusion among signers -- though this may have changed by now.)
The problem with the block size debate actually isn't technical at all. It's business / real world -- whereby people assume that the real world is going to bend to how they themselves want to use Bitcoin which is a classic mistake in business (and something I see a lot of Bitcoiners make.)
Have a look at what happens whenever someone here gets hacked on an exchange, sends coins to a mistyped address, or sends a transaction without fees. They get blamed for it by Bitcoiners, because god forbid anyone try use Bitcoin without a background in blockchain engineering, wallet design, and information security. It's just ridiculous how out of touch some of the people here are, I really mean it. 
If Bitcoin succeeds at all (mainstream adoption) it will be in spite of the average Bitcoin user, not because of them.
@_date: 2016-09-13 11:41:50
OP you've inspired me to buy Andreas new book. I'm on ~page 10 or so and loving it already.
@_date: 2016-09-25 21:06:19
* 7,000 TXs per second *on-chain* scaling using an open network of dedicated servers and cloud providers
* ~200 TB storage required per year
* 1000 MB sharded blocks; 10 gbs uplinks between networks (ideally more)
* A network of logically partitioned farms of cheap nodes run by a single entity, in a single data center
* A proper node incentive for running said farms; Running a full node is now an attractive passive investment
* Open participation of anyone for becoming a "full node" -- blocks can still be downloaded from any full node
* Strong commercial support backed by every major tech company who now have such a large stake in Bitcoin they can't afford it to go down
* A company that now ships the blockchain to a new location using freight services to help bootstrap a new entity becoming a full node (and data center support for hooking up new hard drive clusters now offered as an attractive feature for outside investors)
* Total cost of running a full node per year at max capacity: (15k (storage) * block years) + 50k (bandwidth)
* All resources like hard drive space and bandwidth will increase as technology advances and costs will decrease so by the time anyone is using 7,000 transactions per second it will still be efficient enough to run a full node
* Result: Bitcoin is now bigger than Visa (we currently use 7 transactions per second) and there is proper technical design and incentive to scale to any transaction level
Edit: Imagine that all the full nodes in this scheme became adversarial and colluded to replace the TX history with E Corp Chain. What's cool is that we might still be able to have individual users produce compact proofs that they had a given balance at a given block height and then prove that at no future point in the chain did a transaction ever exist in any block that spent from this balance.
So now you kind of have distributed fact checking built into every wallet so even if you fear having more dedicated network resources -- people can still independently recreate the most of the blockchain under a worse case scenario.
@_date: 2016-09-03 09:26:46
Distasteful character assassinations. Is that what Bitcoin has become?
@_date: 2016-09-17 02:51:13
Nice. Now people will have much greater privacy when they host a store. I don't give it long before the press starts saying this is for drugs though.
@_date: 2016-09-08 00:10:44
I'd really like an elaboration of the consumer wallet that Brian envisions. Will it be something specifically for running DApps? What business problem does it solve? 
@_date: 2016-09-17 02:56:26
OpenBazaar is like a peer-to-peer ebay and in a peer-to-peer network, nodes have to view each other's IP addresses to connect. So to view other people's stores would require giving out your IP address to other users. To fix that you can run OpenBazaar behind Tor and the IP address will be hidden thereby greatly improving  privacy for home users running the software.
It's a great idea but since the media likes to paint anyone who likes privacy as pedophilic pirate terrorists, we can expect to hear some negative things about this in the future.
@_date: 2016-10-27 06:30:41
This is an interesting perspective but highly misleading. You spoke about the government attacking alternative currencies -- which is true -- but the way you've phrased things makes it sound like the government are arbitrarily doing it because they're the big-bad-government and that's just what they do (lets not go into that for now.)
Revisiting the history of currencies like Liberty Reserve there were some very good reasons to try ban the currency in its early days. Some of those reasons included the fact that the currency was being used by hackers, carders, fraudsters, drug dealers, and the underground as a more untraceable means to move money. So saying that Liberty Reserve was being used for "money laundering" was technically correct (and this criticism also applies to Bitcoin even today to a lesser extent, but you can also say this about regular money too.)
What you've neglected to mention is that Bitcoin already passed this point years ago. And yes -- having a monetary system that you can't completely control is always going to be a terrifying prospect to a tradition financial system that has relied heavily on regulation to “keep us safe.” But now I think the Bitcoin economy has matured past it's initial shady upbringing so that today things like OpenBazaar stores ... and even whole stock exchanges can flourish on top it.
Or in other words -- we've grown up, put on our big boy pants, and played by the rules to bring this technology forward. And as long as people keep paying their taxes the government shouldn’t have any problem with Bitcoin. But lets assume I’m wrong and the government wants to monitor and watch everything, to control all of the money. They would probably be very happy with something that cryptographically controls supply and replicates all transactions in a distributed, public ledger … kind of like a blockchain or something? 
Your argument boils down mostly to fear mongering (appeal to emotions) and cheery picking (making invalid comparisons to something that isn't even remotely like Bitcoin.) It's also somewhat ironic that you're worried about how fragile Bitcoin is considering it can barely handle 7 transactions per second.
I've said this once and I'll say it again but there are still no off-chain scaling solutions that don't depend on at least some on-chain scaling and since your argument also depends on increased adoption it will still become necessary to increase the block size -- even if its only enough to support coin locking in Lightning Channels.
I will commend you though. You actually managed to distract me so much by your faulty logic that I almost missed the glaring and obvious false dilemma that you’re implying here. And here’s that false dilemma spelled out plain and simple:
1. Increase the block size and Bitcoin dies from attackers.
2. Don’t increase the block size and Bitcoin might not die.
So its very black and white thinking that makes it seem like there’s no middle-ground, like say – increasing the block size only a little bit and scaling up conservatively to handle some of that crippling TX backlog … but thats definitely not the tone of what you’re saying here.
**Tl; dr: appeal to emotion to distract audience, pseudo-reasoning with cherry picking / half-truths, and a coup de grace of a false dilemma to really bring home how logical and rational the OP is being.**
Edit: I forgot the most important part of this comment. Now pay attention because here comes the fun part and you can actually follow along with me at home. So basically, what you do is, you take everything I just wrote and completely ignore it if it doesn't already adhere to your favorite side in the blockchain debate.
OP was right when he said Bitcoin is political and that is not a compliment. The social consensus mechanism is totally flawed just as social consensus in politics is flawed and can easily be compromised by something as trivial as a smear campaign. Satoshi had no solid plan for the human-side of consensus (and the fact that you're all so easily swayed by an invalid argument is proof of this.)
@_date: 2016-10-17 08:32:21


@_date: 2016-05-02 09:05:13
This is just really bizarre. Why did he go to the trouble to write that post on "verifying" the signature without providing a valid signature any where on the page? I first thought the base64 encoded string at the top was the real signature but all it decodes to is: "Wright, it is not the same as if I sign Craig Wright, Satoshi."
Simple code to show the sig is the same as the sig in TX: 828ef3b079f9c23829c56fe86e85b4a69d9e06e5b54ea597eef5fb3ffef509fe:
import base64
import binascii
x = base64.b64decode("MEUCIQDBKn1Uly8m0UyzETObUSL4wYdBfd4ejvtoQfVcNCIK4AIgZmMsXNQWHvo6KDd2Tu6euEl13VTC3ihl6XUlhcU+fM4=")
3045022100c12a7d54972f26d14cb311339b5122f8c187417dde1e8efb6841f55c34220ae0022066632c5cd4161efa3a2837764eee9eb84975dd54c2de2865e9752585c53e7cce (which is the same sig used in  -- which can be decoded here  -- note the input script hex)
This outcome is just incredibly strange. Did he expect to convince us with that article or that no one would notice? Not sure what's going on here but I'd really like to know ...
He apparently gave cryptographic proof to multiple different people. Where is said proof?
Edit - other possibilities:
1. Gavin might have been hacked.
2. The article might not have been intended as proof but a protocol for journalists to verify his claims (though its strongly implied that he's signing the Sarte text but maybe the sig in the article was intended as an example.)
3. Gavin might have been tricked (but the post seems to imply that he at least verified the signatures himself - so where are they?)
4. Gavin is a liar (I'd like to believe this isn't true.)
Update: Gavin's commit access just got revoked. It seems I'm not the only one who thinks Gavin might have been hacked. 
Update: I hate to say it but its looking like Gavin was tricked. 
@_date: 2016-05-04 04:05:50
What I'm expecting to happen next is that Wright is going to move some early coins (or produce a signature from some early coins) some time soon, but this is only going to fuel the speculation even more because it won't be a definitive proof from a GPG key or a genesis block.
I'm guessing the reason why Wright will be able to do this is because he found out about Bitcoin from Kleiman from the cryptography mailing lists (which we know Kleiman was a member of.) We already know that he mined coins early on so it won't be that much of a surprise when he moves coins. But as has already been pointed out by other people -- this also doesn't prove anything -- since Bitcoin was released -publicly- anyone could have mined those coins (or he could have simply purchased access to the private keys of any early block.)
If I had to speculate: I'd say that in all likelihood neither of them are Satoshi. Kleiman's work was on digital forensics which means he was focused on doing things like scrubbing memory dumps for meta-data to find files pointers and then using them to find hidden files on disk. It would have required fairly low level programming to write the tools needed to do this (so its plausible Kleiman had the skills to code something like Bitcoin but still highly unlikely given how expertly the original source code was – so I'd be surprised if the person(s?) who created Bitcoin didn't have a background in software.) 
Consider that Forensics is also quite a specialized field and that a person participating in it wouldn't necessarily have needed to know anything about digital signatures to do their work. Hashcash-style proof-of-work in that regard is even more esoteric and I'd expect to see a lot more interest in general cryptography (and economics) if Kleiman was actually Satoshi. But if you look at what he replies to -- he's only really interested in forensics and talking about his own work. I think it's far more likely that the two of them were early adopters / miners who were intimately associated with Satoshi in some way (possibly they corresponded at some point via email like a lot of people at the time) but weren't actually Satoshi themselves. 
My profile for Satoshi is a lot closer to the group of people currently involved in the Bitcoin-space, to be honest: people who find cryptography interesting (but aren't necessarily cryptographers) and enjoy programming (but aren't necessarily "software engineers" by trade.) This would make a lot more sense since all the pieces needed to produce Bitcoin were in place for years before it was invented: digital signatures, hash functions, and proof of work – so at the least I'd expect some kind of evidence of an interest in those areas.
Tl; dr, I think Wright was just in the right place at the right time and that Kleiman was unlikely to have had the skills, knowledge, or time to have invented something as massive as Bitcoin even being an “expert” in digital forensics. Both Wright and Kleiman strike me as men who were more interested in building up their respective careers as “experts” through academic channels and the press, rather than people who are genuinely passionate enough about economics and crypto to have invented Bitcoin in their spare time. 
FYI: I doubt that Satoshi was a full time student or working full time because he wouldn't have had the time to create Bitcoin. Unless they were being paid to work on Bitcoin ... or it was part of some thesis, but so far we've seen no proof of that.
@_date: 2017-05-02 15:04:11
I was just about to come here to warn you guys about this. The account they mentioned was my username on Bitcointalk forums so perhaps they just got the email from when the site was hacked (numerous times.)
Be careful though, definitely don't open it.
On a more related question: how the hell does a Word document with macros in it make it to a Gmail inbox? Isn't that like the oldest trick in the book so shouldn't it be flagged as spam instantly? I've got no idea how they bypassed Gmail's filter which is usually really good.
@_date: 2016-05-03 05:32:59
1337 post, tbh.
@_date: 2016-05-03 05:50:04
I want to believe. 
@_date: 2017-05-06 03:56:01
Originally people in Bitcoin used the term "smart contract" to describe highly specific protocols that allowed you to pay for some product or service without trust. So think things like swapping coins with hash puzzles, claiming bounties for specific math problems, proving that you can compromise a software system, proofs of information retrieval, and so forth -- all can be done without trust.
But then Ethereum came along and needed to sound cool. So now apparently if you're an Ethereum user who believes all the hype then literally anything you're doing is a "smart contract." They even use the term for any kind of transactional protocol regardless of whether it depends on thirty-parties or not -- and like stated -- a lot of the use-cases don't even make sense.
To answer OPs question the best thing I can come up with is that presumably with blockchain technology you can rely on multiple oracles for running prediction markets whereas with a website only a handful of people are trusted with running it. So this makes the system more secure (well ... in theory -- decentralized reputation systems are still problematic.)
IMO, it's misleading to claim that an oracle system == to trustless / unhackable contract by calling it a "smart contract"... But people have been abusing the term for so long now that it might as well be what smart contract now means. A similar thing happened with the word "blockchain." Journalists have started to use it like the word "email" so they say things like "how blockchain will change the world" which is kind of infuriating (and you'll see the same behavior form marketers when they use "peer-to-peer" or "decentralized" to describe centralized services.)
@_date: 2016-05-02 09:37:40
I was going to say: lets play devils advocate here and assume that this post was used as some kind of instructional to verify a proof that was released through other means. As in: here you go, read this to verify it. But the article strongly implies that the message being signed is the article here:  because of the file names used in the signing and in the commands. 
Interestingly, when you arrange the article listed above and run the same commands on it: it doesn't even produce the same SHA256 hash shown in the images:
ba8c100881b19e23029183e3676a0915569da686172cf85839cfbde1a6640327, ab2ed58c9225d4e8804cd3f9724267a6bb03bb0b9ebfc0d5c20e9ebb79291c63, or 5632f92609e76c65461c840fa8b1854a5e75f3fcca466e30f7ccbdb6be93efe9 depending on where you place new lines (instead of 479f9dff0155c045da78402177855fdb4f0f396dc0d2c24f7376dd56e2e68b05.)
I also considered that maybe he had somehow found a collision in SHA256 for that Sartre article and that's why the sig was valid but ... that's just not the case here (already reaching at impossible straws here.) Maybe his intention is to laugh at how gullible the press are in the Bitcoin world? But then why would Gavin have gone along with this? Maybe there is an actual proof that was shown to the reporters + Gavin and we're all jumping to conclusions ...
Will stay tuned but its highly likely this is bullshit.
@_date: 2017-05-09 08:41:24
Please bookmark the suicide hotline
@_date: 2016-05-01 02:12:49
Wouldn't this also be an anonymous / fairly objective way to deduce what other people think of you? For example, maybe you think that getting fired is a big deal and your life is over. You reveal said information publicly but your personal stock only drops by a small amount. The market has priced in the information and objectively decided that your future is still fairly positive (all things considering.)
Quick - someone make a website for this and integrate Counterparty for the stock options. OP is onto something.
Alternative thought: wouldn't such a stock quite literally lead to people stalking you? I can't decide if this is dystopian and creepy or innovative and awesome. 
Edit: how would you address insider trading?
Edit 2: if everyone in the world had their own stocks, it would be hard for the market to always be efficient enough to stay up to date with recent developments. This could be a good thing for investors but like I said -- basically incentivises mass stalking -- either by individuals or government bodies. Definitely leaning towards this being dystopian ... Technically, this would be a very simplistic way for governments to measure power and influence amongst citizens ... OP, what have you done ...
Edit 3: I imagine that employers will stop accepting people whose stock falls bellow a certain point. People will use the value of a stock to measure an individual's potential, to measure whether someone is worth befriending (or dating) - even as a basis for approving loans. It just keeps getting worse the more I think about it, not to mention people born into richer families will naturally have higher stock values than those born to poor people.
ITT: OP invents an idea that's capable of enslaving the entire human race as well as increasing socio-economic divide even further than what it already is. This thread is NSA certified diamond standard. A++++ would read again.
@_date: 2017-07-17 12:43:14
Edit: Deleting my rant for now. 
I'll leave the thread with a thought experiment: to what extent can we achieve the same security benefits of a blockchain without sacrificing speed (do we need to choose?) Obviously this trading firm is full of themselves but I'm curious to see what other people think.
@_date: 2016-05-02 10:21:15
Hand writing matches. Confirmed.
@_date: 2016-05-02 11:48:00
When I read comments like this I have to wonder what's really going on in the Bitcoin space. It almost seems like someone has paid some marketing company a massive amount of money to discredit Mike and Gavin at every possible occasion because the level of hatred shown towards these men doesn't seem justified. From my perspective: Gavin wanted to increase the block size for Bitcoin which was based on what he thought were sound technical arguments. Whether you believe his conclusions or not - I think both Mike Hearn and Gavin were acting against the ultra-conservative nature of Bitcoin Core who collectively couldn't get anything done at the time which eventually lead to the price crashing long-term.
Doubtless to say, this won't be a popular post on which seems to have become but just recall that they were once very productive and well respected members of this community and Gavin was also one of the first people to work on Bitcoin period. For that - I think the man deserves our respect regardless of whether you agree with his recent actions or not and that further - the level of hatred he's received is both unjustified and frankly quite suspicious. Feel free to downvote this. The modern Bitcoin community is basically just a circle jerk / echo chamber so I don't expect anything less.
(FYI: segregated witnesses + Lightning does little to solve the immediate blocksize problem and instead relies on some incredibly unrealistic assumptions about long-term migration for every possible user of Bitcoin. This is fact, its just a question of how optimistic you choose to be in how you weigh up these technologies. I'm obviously siding towards less optimistic that not enough people are going to switch to Lightning for it to matter. But if they do then I guess it will work.)
@_date: 2016-05-15 03:01:51
Gee, if only we had micro-payment channels for trading cryptocurrencies for fiat-backed USD derivatives so that a third-party wasn't needed to handle cryptocurrency deposits. Oh wait, we do, and have for years. Fuck Gatecoin, use Coinffeine or Bitsquare.
@_date: 2016-05-03 05:58:39
So this proves that whoever "downloaded" the binary on Apr 7th (in the UK -- assuming the WAN wasn't on a VPN) didn't bother to check that the origin of the binary was actually from Electrum. But I do see issues with drawing that conclusion since you can easily argue that caching servers messed up the data or even that the binary was downloaded from another "trusted" source that also had signature mirrors. I admit this is unlikely though + highly suspicious. 
Also, do we know for sure what the dates are suppose to be?
@_date: 2016-05-05 21:40:50
What worries me most about this is that he leaves it completely open to carry out another scheme like this in the future since he never directly admits that he's a con artist ...
Can't wait for 2017 when Craig has managed to round up some early block keys and starts the whole process again.
@_date: 2017-05-09 09:09:25
(((Might want to add a note to the chart not to mortgage your house for it. New users seem confused how this works.)))
@_date: 2017-07-02 10:12:10
It would be funny if he was talking about tree signatures since that's provably not his work
@_date: 2016-07-01 08:22:34
Just keeping up with all the white papers that are out at the moment is hard work and that's excluding all the new tech projects that you only hear about if you're an investor. There's just so much innovation that's happening at the moment but its well worth the effort to keep researching, learning, and thinking like crazy.
We're a part of history and in a few years we'll be able to look back on all this and say "remember when we spent 10k Bitcoins to buy a pizza from that one shop in the city that accepted them?" And people will look at us and think we're crazy.
@_date: 2017-06-14 01:00:13
It's been a crazy ride, that's for sure.
Who remembers how in 2012 people would post these cool transaction protocols to [Bitcointalk]( oblivious that they were inventing the future of finance? I bet they wouldn't have believed you if you told them back then that there would eventually be million dollar companies built around using those ideas!
Look at what happened with [Micro-payment channels]( alone. I think it was originally described by Mike Hearn in 2012 as a cool proof-of-concept... Well the same idea turned out to have many useful properties for solving trust problems between strangers; You can use it to trade cryptocurrencies ([Coinffeine]( To pay for data in decentralized storage systems ([Storj Labs]( To pay for seeding in torrent markets ([JoyStream]( who would have thought?
Man... so many of the ideas today can be traced back to earlier ones. Like [Merkelized Abstract Syntax Trees]( which allow for cool things like [permissioned access-control systems for millions of people]( as a single 32 byte merkle root... Or how about [gigabyte off-chain contracts]( between linked [state channels]( with minimal on-chain footprints.
I know everyone knows all about [Lightning]( [MimbleWimble]( and [SegWitness]( but IMO without all those early forum posts made back in 2012 they would have never happened. For all the hype: MimbleWimble was still built on earlier ideas like Greg Maxwell's [confidential transactions]( which built on ideas like [CoinJoin]( (also Maxwell.) [Ethereum]( was built on the idea of [Script]( from Satoshi, which built on the [idea from Nick Szabo]( which borrowed even more ideas... And Lightning was built based on micro-payment channels and hash-locked contracts.
So yes, its been crazy and we all owe a huge debt to the early [cypherpunks]( whose ideas have helped make it all possible. To the people who helped do it - we salute you. To everyone else who doesn't yet realise the potential - we'll wait for you to catch up. To the holders: keep holding [your favourite asset](
[Still holding, we moon now](
@_date: 2016-07-24 14:35:23
A decentralized Twitter is much harder than just writing the code to run it (which is actually quite easy.) The real problem is getting enough people to use your service for it to be useful to the majority. After-all, Twitter isn't just a specialized website - its the entire community who goes there to share things, without which -- you don't have a Twitter even if you do somehow manage to write identical software.
This is also the reason why we're probably never going to see successors to many behemoth Internet companies (like Reddit, btw.) Because the success of these services is in the utility of their networks -- their number of users. So even if we had perfect replacements for all these services that had much better features (and in many cases we already do) -- nobody would end up using them because of the Network Effect. 
Essentially, its a loop:
1. Find out about a new service.
2. See that it's a ghost town compared to $competitor. 
3. Boring, stop using it.
4. Go back to step 1.
... You'll also see the same forces at play with decentralized currency exchange. Because with currency exchange - the utility lies in providing liquidity from its users so an exchange that first starts out ends up with few users, and therefore few people to sell - and thus few buyers to want to change that. These are the obstacles that projects like BitSquare are still struggling with, so show them some love the next time they post here :)
@_date: 2016-07-01 03:28:43
It's interesting to consider what other kinds of DACs might be out there and by DAC I mean something completely decentralized, akin to the blockchain which is a DAC that rewards participants coins in the system for producing a valid proof-of-work. There must be other structures like that which can't be cheated and don't reply on a central authority or external state to function. 
@_date: 2017-06-05 09:51:16
You sound very upset friend
@_date: 2017-06-16 23:58:08
I don't follow any of the dev progress so forgive me for this: but to what extent can the ordinary SPV-proof checking mechanism from the sidechains paper be added to Bitcoin today? Would that need to be done as a hard fork?
Also, why do people bring up multi-sig when they talk about sidechains? I thought the paper mentions that two blockchains can validate SPV-proofs from each other to trustlessly commit to locking and unlocking coins for a 100% trustless 2-way peg between supported blockchains.
What am I missing here?
(Also, Drivechains are cool. I guess it answer this question with their approach but I am wondering how it works with Sidechains)
@_date: 2017-06-05 10:30:44
I know what you mean. I still care about Bitcoin a lot but over the years I've grown frustrated, tired, and eventually apathetic to the situation and I don't see things changing any time soon. 
The most I can say is to just ignore all the drama. It's all just stupid politics designed to suck you in and cloud your judgment with emotions. There are people here who do nothing but get sucked into these debates and I can't see that as a very positive influence.