@_author: uqbarb
@_date: 2017-09-18 22:43:43
Yes bud, your criminal government filled with neocons that have called for Assange's death is surely a more neutral party than the UN, which has ruled in favor of Assange.
@_date: 2017-09-16 19:56:52
There is no need for rebuttal, there is no evidence of Russia/Trump to begin with. No documents. Americans have this weird notion that their neocon institutions like the CIA and NSA should be trusted by default. That's not how journalism works, plenty of respectable people like Glenn Greenwald agree. Wikileaks specializes on actual documentation and leaks, not spin and propaganda which presents no evidence. 
To see how bogus the Russia/Trump hysteria is see [this]( Wikileaks has a spotless record precisely because they rely on hard evidence.
The closest thing is the Trump Jr email. Assange himself talked with Trump Jr to convince him to release it for the sake of transparency, after he knew of its existence near the time the New York Times was writing a story.
Meanwhile, the very same people that want to smear Wikileaks as biased blindly trust and endorse corrupt US media like the New York Times that has censored reporting about Bush warrantless wiretapping for a full year before a key election. The very same media that promotes illegal wars all over the globe with the aid of anonymous government officials, which they use as valid sources. The very same media which behaved like utter sycophants when Obama was assaulting civil liberties in an unprecedented manner, or expanding his murderous and secretive drone war.
Bottom line, what even means "flew right on wikileaks' radar"? Wikileaks only publishes what they receive, they don't hack or create information out of thin air. This argument shows a very low level of rational thought. It reads like a tantrum.
These smears are very obviously coming from disgruntled americans that have the childish idea that democrats are not corrupt and that they should be protected. In their mind, journalism should censor itself to protect a neocon like Clinton. The opposite of what journalism should be doing, and the opposite of what journalism has historically fought for. Both parties are rotten and Wikileaks has exposed both, there is no conspiracy but the plain reality visible to anyone reading more than US media. 
To support that, see who are the sources that we know: Chelsea Manning (disgruntled american who rightfully saw the criminality of US wars); Edward Snowden (disgruntled american who saw the criminality of mass surveillance); Phineas Fisher regarding the Turkey leaks (notorious spanish speaking hacker). Regarding the Stratfor leaks, Barrett Brown, another disgruntled american, has also been targeted for being instrumental.
People really need to start defending whistleblowers and transparency like Wikileaks instead of defending the rotten status quo by embracing unsupported conspiracies pushed precisely by that very same establishment, which is undeniably the biggest source of injustice. Fearmongering seems to be incredibly effective at making americans side  with establishment, no evidence needed.
