@_author: uqobp
@_date: 2017-12-11 13:23:04
The Fed is very open about the fact that the dollar will lose value over time. Calling it stealing might be more relevant if the Fed decided to unexpectedly inflate the dollar dramatically. 
Bitcoin might provide value, but that value is not the same as the market cap of bitcoin. (Just like the value that the dollar provides is not the same as the face value of all cash in circulation). Deflation transfers wealth to those who hold currency, and inflation transfers wealth to those who do not. The mechanism is exactly the same in both cases. Neither deflation nor inflation create or destroy wealth in the long run, because of the neutrality of money.
@_date: 2017-12-11 09:20:36
Why was the USD less stable when on the gold standard? Since the 1980's and  inflation targeting, the USD has been historically speaking very stable.
The price of bitcoin will always be based on expectations of its value in the future. Because there is no one to guide those expectations, the value of those expectations are susceptible to vary wildly.
I know pretty accurately how much a dollar will be worth in 20 years. No one here has any idea how much a bitcoin will be worth.
@_date: 2017-12-11 09:00:08
You're right. The macroeconomic instability caused by replacing the current currencies with bitcoin would increase unemployment and make people poorer. Poor people consume less.
I would however prefer better ways of accomplishing this.
@_date: 2017-12-11 10:36:46
No. Unemployment isn't increasing, and technology isn't going to lead to increased unemployment.
Even if it were, bitcoin isn't going to make things better. It will not lead to resources being used more efficiently. The instability it would cause will lead to resources being used inefficiently. If the energy use of bitcoin will increase as its use increases, it will cause a huge waste of resources.
The solution to environmental issues is to tax pollution, not cryptocurrencies.
@_date: 2017-12-12 14:33:41
There's a reason central banks abandoned the gold standard: inflation varied wildly and caused instability in the economy. Now central banks are able to keep inflation predictable and smooth business cycles. You know about how much a dollar will be worth in 20 years and you can use that information to plan for the future. You have no idea how much a bitcoin will be worth in a few years. Bitcoin would be much more unpredictable than gold or the dollar.
@_date: 2017-12-11 12:50:39
If inflation is theft from those who hold fiat money, then hodling a deflationary currency is also theft from those who are too poor to buy bitcoin.
An early adopter of bitcoin could have millions in dollars, but being an early adopter didn't create that value. The early adopter is now owed by the rest of society millions worth of goods and services, which makes the rest poorer.
@_date: 2017-12-11 14:26:36
Storing your hard earned savings in cash isn't a good idea regardless of inflation. Investing beats inflation. 
Inflation is not rampant, it has been very stable at about 2% from the 1980's. Inflation may  proportionally have a more negative impact on the poor (but it is by no means a major reason for poverty), however, the money that gets "stolen" ends up with the government, which uses money proportionally more to help the poor.
If the Fed suddenly decided to stop printing money, what would happen? The value of a dollar would increase dramatically, and anyone with large amounts of cash would become richer. However, the amount of wealth in the world and the production capacity (workers, factories etc.) would stay the same. This would mean that the people who didn't have cash would become poorer.