@_author: urbanzenmaster
@_date: 2017-11-25 00:44:11
I hope this works out for you, but be prepared for that not being the case.  You should have “signed the papers and waited for the ink to dry” before going public or contacting Coinbase Support regarding this.  In all likelihood you were handed a lottery ticket through and automated process, and you brought it to human attention by doing two things: 1)posting on reddit and 2) contacting the support team.  Surely Coinbase employees read reddit and this would have come to their attention before you finalized the transaction, however you decided to go the extra step and alert them of the situation.  Whoever you talked to likely saw the amount and sent this up the chain, and you can bet they sent this further up the chain.  You can bet.... well actually you already did bet, you bet 50 BTC that the person whose desk this lands on has your best interest at heart and not the best interest of Coinbase.  Surely some higher-up will find some ammunition to shoot down the ‘un-paid’ transaction that you never supplied the funds for from years ago now that you put it in their crosshairs.  Like really dude...  I hope this works out for you and I hope that you don’t regret not taking a chance and funding the transaction for the rest of your life...  what was the worst that could have happened?  You only end up with half a bitcoin and still make money vs 50 BTC?  Well, if it doesn’t work out for you at least you learned a lesson, “scared money don’t make money’, and if it does you got 50 BTC...
@_date: 2017-11-30 20:01:39
Um, correct me if I’m wrong but in the context of this thread, you saying that you’re unattached to money these days is a contradiction and not in context.  You seem very attached to your $4K, so much in fact that you valued it over a 50BTC profit.  Also, If you’ve lost 301 BTC in the past, one might assume it wasn’t your whole load since no one keeps all their eggs in one basket, and that if that was true a mere $4k risk is nothing but chump change and worth the risk for potential gains.  On the flip side, you possibly did have that kind of loot once but kept it all in one wallet and not have it now...  You did after all contact Support in this case and notified them of the bank error in your favor. (It may have even been completely legit and comply with their policies, but common sense dictates that no one will just let go of that kind of money...c,mon).  Then you posted on reddit about it just like that kindergarten student that runs home to mom and dad to proudly display the test they got back with a grade on it, unable to comprehend that the big fat letter ‘F’ written in red indelible ink is not a good thing.  One might say you are “very attached to money these days”, otherwise this thread would have never been written, right?
@_date: 2017-11-30 19:37:26
@_date: 2017-11-30 21:15:18
I’m not hating on you or anything, just trying to be brutally honest with my thoughts, they offered you terms of a transaction, you asked them, “”are you sure?”  Then they rethought it...  Wouldn’t you?  Plus you know they gotta have a metacrawler that constantly searches RSS feeds and reddit for their own company name... wouldn’t you?  Hopefully what you learned from this experience you can use in the future - it won’t be on Coinbase though, you know they plugged that hole and threw an if then statement on whatever bit of code extended that offer.  
 We all learn lessons the hard way about security and convenience...  For the rest of my life the term mtgox will stir no positive emotion in me...  I even went to the extent of discarding all of my Magic the Gathering inspired art that once adorned my walls because of the mental association.  Now I’ve gone and mentioned that which must not be mentioned.... but you learn from it, don’t trust any one exchange and don’t just use one wallet.... redundancies... redundancies..  redundancies...