@_author: urbanabydos
@_date: 2014-03-06 08:10:40
Not to make light of your problem but I took note of the title cause I have a 50GHz BFL Miner myself and then had to laugh. The funny thing is---and this brings me some relief hearing your story---I keep mine in the fireplace! :)
The 50GHz is freaking LOUD and I live in a loft apartment with no doors anywhere. Don't use the fireplace and there's a computer not far away, so I just stuck it in there and blocked up the front so you couldn't hear it anymore. Cooler than the rest of the apartment too.
Apparently the best place for it!
@_date: 2014-03-08 03:31:47
Myself, I'm a little mystified how confident everyone is one way or the other on the basis of such little, *unreliable* information. I don't know where I would stand percentage-wise; but one thing is sure, I have not yet seen evidence that is conclusive either way (and I have been following them).
The two that come closest to convincing me "not" are the differences in writing quality between SN and (allegedly) DN's. However, it's definitely not conclusive in my mind (and I am a Linguist by trade and my best second language is Japanese). It's easy to get people to proofread things that you think are important. It's also easy to fake bad writing.
DN's English in the interview I saw was far better than the e-mail I saw and the e-mail did not look to me to be consistent with the kinds of language mistakes that ESL Japanese speakers make.
Which really means nothing. Spaces mean nothing, Oxford commas mean nothing --- ALTHOUGH, there are far more sophisticated forensic linguistic tests that could be applied to writing samples; tests that hold up in court for determining identity.
My point is that nothing that's been said so far has enough credibility for anyone to be confident in anything. He might be or he might not be and right now there is no way to tell.
@_date: 2014-03-07 22:24:29


Ironically, Dorian Nakamoto does show up there now. ;)
@_date: 2014-03-08 03:13:00
I agree with you. For better or (definitely) worse, we have a crappy, horrible culture around the news and journalism and what has happened---whether he is the founder of BitCoin or not---is neither new or surprising. It is just how news happens. Sure it should be reformed; but that happens on an institutional/cultural level, not on the basis of this single story that happens to touch our community directly.
It's like yelling at telemarketers---complaining to or punishing people embedded in the system doesn't do a single thing to shift the system where you want it. If feel like people in this community should understand that better than the general public...
@_date: 2016-03-31 01:25:57
Mm. The proof of work they are suggesting is not like blockchain proof of work. They're suggesting pushing CAPTCHAs to the browser (client side) rather than on CloudFlare's side.
But blockchain-style seems kind of like an interesting idea; more traffic you want to send to the network, the more computational work you need to do? Food for thought...