@_author: urbanstigmata
@_date: 2018-01-26 12:12:51
well - if I collapse the price of physical BTC... then try to **unwind my futures contract early**... that BTC price reduction is already factored in... so no-one in their right mind is going to buy it off me. 
**Who's going to buy a short futures contract when the price just dropped 20% in the last 5 minutes? (Not me!)** - or you're going to have to pay me a very large adjusted premium to take that contract off you -- which kind of negates all the work you did in longing physical BTC over a period of months... so you could sell at the right time and profit from your short contracts.
Whereas on settlement date -- there is an automatic expiry - in the money of any short futures contracts... i.e. I don't need to find a buyer to buy early.. coz the mkt maker on the other side of the contract already committed to giving me money when i dropped the price.. (but of course a mktmaker like Cifu... netted that short contract with another buyer that was long futures. So they aren't losing any money!)
So maybe people are not as ignorant as you think???
@_date: 2018-01-26 15:01:43
if my short futures contract is in the money.. then i receive that cash on maturity date of the contract.
on SD -1 date.. if I decide to sell all my physcial BTC to crash the price... It's going to be difficult for me to then sell my short futures contract to someone given the price just tanked! The exchange will just stop being able to match prices... coz no-one will buy a short futures contract off me for strike (price - current price)*contract size*number of BTC in the contract.
If they do, they are nuts. Prior to settlement date, on seeing the BTC price crash, mkt makers would change their offer prices as soon as they see the BTC price crash to pretty much the same if BTC price is X or X-20% &lt;-- with that 20% being the sudden crash.. 
Whereas on settlement date --- my contract simply expires in the money and I make a shedload -- or the strike price of the (contract - settlement date price) *contract size*number of BTC in the contract.
At least for CBOE.. believe that CME have asian type option fixings over a number of days.
@_date: 2018-01-26 12:03:03
@_date: 2018-01-27 01:52:25
Shouldnt be too confusing for u then.
Expiration/settlement/maturity/fixing..  u know what they all mean and which asset classes they refer to.
Of course i was being lazy. It's a reddit post. But u get the message right? That's the main thing.
a futures contract can at any point in time be resold... providing liquidity available. And when you resell it u have to pay a premium or be paid a premium (ha) and resell can mean netting with another contract or closing out and premium has the same effect even though futures are settled every single day with cash moving depending on tgat day's underlier price cs the price u agreed on tve expiration date... but it results in the same net effect... so extrapolate that to in our out of the money. And on settlement date you either get paid or have to pay cash to settle.
And the spot price of the underlier on settlement/expiration/maturity date - that's the analogy with strike.. it's just easier to write 'strike' than all that. It would be like saying 'forward price'... which would br equally wrong.. and  yet still convey the message.
@_date: 2017-12-30 01:00:45
I have it back. No further action required.
Thanks for reading.
Looks like it just took a couple of hours for the wallet to catch up and then recognize the new address.
@_date: 2017-12-07 17:57:03
Anyone got any thoughts on why the below is wrong.. I don't really undertand it fully, but it seems to me that a flash crash of bitcoin is the most likely scenario on the settlement date of the new bitcoin futures contracts...
I'm wondering what is causing the big rise in Bitcoin at the moment.
It must have a correlation with the Bitcoin Futures release...
But why such a huge change.. it is literally billions?
I reckon the reason is below:
The futures market is regulated.. but the cryptomarket is not.
The futures contracts have a fixed settlement date, and settlement is in cash.
Is Manipulating the crtypto mkt illegal, given it is unregulated?
Manipulating the futures market is illegal definitely.
To flash crash the price of Bitcoin  -- you only need to sell the number of bitcoins that have open orders on a number of exchanges (those listed as fixings for the futures contracts). 
This represents &lt; 0.5% of the total bitcoin mkt cap. (yes yes... get a link to this data point)
So are some very wealthy people/organisations (let's call them Donald) going to take out massive short position on bitcoin futures (say 2Bn)... and stock up on the physical bitcoins (say 1Bn)?
Then on the day of settlement, sell all their physical bitconis on the exchanges, and flashcrash the price at exactly the fixing time/date.
They'd make ~1Bn by doing this. And the average Jo holding bitcoin would lose big time, if their stop loss orders get triggered.
I think the effectiveness of this strategy depends on the Market Makers (Let's call them Jill)
Now Jill took the futures order and is 2Bn long bitcoin futures ... if the price increases by the settlement date, she's made money.. but if it falls, she's lost.
So Jill decides to hedge. (Jill is a mkt maker, so makes her money from the spread betwen the buy and sell price of the futures contracts)
Jill needs to sell physical bitcoin (2Bn worth to hedge her 2Bn long futures contract).. so she goes to a physical exchange and enters a 2Bn short position.
So the bitcoin price here (physical) is net very down by 1Bn of exchange orders (Donald 1Bn buy... Jill 2Bn sell). But we have to think about timing too.
1) In the build up prior to buying the futures contract, Donald is buying 1Bn.. the price of Bitcoin is skyrocketing
2) Remember -- no futures contract yet --- so Jill has not hedged
3) When Donald sells the futures contract (and Jill Buys)..  Jill sells 2Bn physical bitcoin... the price of Bitcoin falls to a lower point than previous...*
And on time of settlement everything gets back to net flat... right?
4) Donald dumps his 1Bn physical bitcoin at 1 minute prior to the fixing time on a number of different exhanges - bitcoin price decreases to 10 USD
5) Jill is long 2Bn futures and short 2Bn physical (net flat). The futures is about to settle 2Bn out of the money... and the physical is 2Bn in the money...
6) The futures contract settles and Jill quickly unwinds the long position whilst the price is 10 USD.. otherwise she's lost a lot of money!!
Right.. so all is rosy in this perfect world.. right?
1) The avg Jo is buying bitcoins during the uptrend.. making money, and covering with stop losses
2) The stop lossess get triggered on the flash crash. The avg Jo loses all their money.
3) In this perfect world.. all exchanges are working perfectly all the time... (oh dear).
4) The timing between Donald dumping his 1 Bn physical and Jill unwinding her 2Bn physical position needs to be exact otherwise, a mkt maker has just lost a hell of a lot of money
5) BTW A mkt maker exposed or losing this amount of money introduces systemic risk to the financial system 
6) Is Jill going to perfectly hedge her exposure as all good market makers do?
7) Is Donald's network working well at 1 minute before the fixing
Of course the above scenario can have exactly the converse too.... but the sudden price rise, indicates that the big crypto short play by Donald is the most likely at the moment.
Is this a good thing?
The liquidity on futures contracts will be significantly higher than on the physical exchanges... and mkt makers will think they are net flat.. no skin off their nose...
In the above, Donald can equally represent the net of the positions taken on all futures contracts and assumes mkt makers are willing to have a net directional exposure to futures hedged by an offsetting position in physical.
@_date: 2017-12-30 00:55:24
thanks for responding.. but not sure i follow..
If I paste in the first address into: 
The balance is 0.
If I paste in the second public address.. then I see a balance.
But I don't see a balance in BitCoin Core... which I get, as the block chain is not fully downloaded...
However I would expect that I would be able to see both addresses within BitCoin Core...yet I only see the first one.
How do I view subsequent addresses in the wallet that were generated.?
@_date: 2018-03-08 16:35:11
you miss the point..
why should we condone an action that has set crypto ccy adoption with the masses back by 1 year..
The whole initiative has lost credibility due to this.
And here's the things....
Crypto currency adoption by the masses needs to be fast and quic.
Otherwise the powers that be will subvert/subjugate it.
This is very very damaging.
@_date: 2018-03-08 17:03:19
I'm talking about something that you may have missed.
Cryptocurrency adoption as a means of currency by the masses.
It has to happen fast and quick - with a couple of killer apps for both avg people and retailers...
Or the powers that be will get in and legislate and turn it into another tool for funnelling money to the top 10% as usual.
NOthing to do with price deltas since 1 year ago.
This is to do with avg Jo confidence in Crypto -- which was high in Nov/Dec.. word was spreading like wildfire...
And then all the newbies got burnt... so they told all their pals they got burnt.. scaring people off.
You gotta understand the bigger picture.. not just quote 10x whilst dribbling on your beanbag bro.
@_date: 2018-03-08 15:21:46
So how are you going to sell this to the 50 million people that were about to buy BTC and other altcoins.... on the recommendations of their friends who bought in Nov and doubled their money in a month...
but then lost it all when the price crashed?
Tough Sell Bill... tough sell.
@_date: 2018-03-08 16:50:52
you miss the point.. why should we condone an action that has set crypto ccy adoption with the masses back by 1 year..
The whole initiative has lost credibility due to this.
And here's the things....
Crypto currency adoption by the masses needs to be fast and quick.
Otherwise the powers that be will subvert/subjugate it.
This is very very damaging. It has delayed global adoption and given the old age institutions time to catch up and make CryptoCurrency their bitch.
@_date: 2018-03-08 15:27:55
hmmm. the 17th January..
now what happened on the 17th January
was this the first date ever that the CBOE BTC futures expired?
@_date: 2018-04-26 12:12:20
This may already priced in... a day in lieu.... a new technique for mkt manipulation...!
What if there is one large buyer that agreed 3 days ago to buy Mt. Gox's 16K BTC and BCH.
They then put in lots of buy orders on Bitfinex at 60% of current Mkt price. Then sold heavily - with a mkt order, flashcrashing the mkts in several coins.
They then swept these up with their discounted buy orders.. and are already 40% in profit from these -- as the price rebounded straight away.
And the Mt. Gox move today, was bought by them on a Dark pool.
Net result --- They have the same amount of BTC and BCH... but lots of additional coins from buying the flash crash.
This way Mt. Gox can sell without crashing the market --- "it happened a day before your honour".
Right -- off to uncover more mysteries now!!!