@_author: urgentreminder
@_date: 2017-05-26 02:11:03
You're right, it would require segregation based on locality or whatever. Not even sure if this is what segwit does/is... not a regular, no, but I am saying that as more utility is made available, the price rises due to demand. It's an attractive thing, and maybe it will never work on transactional everyday level due to the fees, but with network and storage innovations, and a system of segregation, it could one day happen also.  
So I guess the next pointer to watch for is a huge giant in the corporate world, or a country, becoming bitcoin friendly. Currently Japan is a great catalyst, but the price is sure to be face bad days for current owners, sure.
@_date: 2017-05-26 01:23:53
People are buying it before the utility has manifested.
Another patch of acceptance is revealed (Japan) and people around the world go crazy, but they are not necessarily able to circulate the coin at the level needed to keep the currency in motion.
Now is still before Amazon and other giants incorporate it. Its sister site overstock.com accepts it... and Amazon is no fan of the US gov, it will use BTC as leverage.  
You want to buy it before the ecosystem matures, where people can buy with BTC at the corner store and also get paid in BTC, and the landlord has a BTC address. When that time comes, it will be much too late, and the coins are limited in number... it's like gold except it will end up being 1000 times more practical to use. Right now we have to make trips to the bank, wait a few hours for stuff to move etc. it's like gold but maybe 10% faster.
If you're a hodler, close this page and come back in 10 years to collect your winnings. If you don't have skin in the game, buy now. If you are scared or have too much invested that you can't lose, sell sell sell.
@_date: 2017-05-26 03:09:29
I believe it also. It was first, it has the name (like McDonalds), and when it spirals into $10k, $100k territory, we'll be talking about buying in 'bits' or 'mbtc'. Both easier to pronounce than the Chinese renmnenbeeye.   
It's going to take off when the next major country becomes bitcoin friendly.