@_author: urizen
@_date: 2014-03-31 12:11:50
This being Tedx and not Ted says more about TED than it does about bitcoin, I believe. Are there any TED talks on cryptocurrencies at all? 
@_date: 2014-02-02 05:53:00
I'll jump in and say: "[cultural constructs]( That is what a country is the next time you're asked. It's like asking if religion is real. Yeah, it's a real concept. It exists in culture.
 "Imagine there's no countries, it's easy if you try."  
I think both you guys have wasted a lot of words and neural activity on this. You are both right.   
@_date: 2015-07-15 22:12:56
I don't consider a superbug a viable threat. Or, no more viable than it already is under the current global system, I should say. Resistance is inevitable over time. The solution isn't to leave people sick and suffering in the meantime on the off chance a superbug may evolve. Rather, the solution seems to be developing new and better antibodies. Which afaik is precisely what we've been doing anyway. I would think one person's misuse of antibiotics is inconsequential in the grand scheme of things. And it's not like drug seekers want antibiotics, so I don't foresee widespread abuse or misuse. Especially as information technology further saturates our lives. 
I understand your point, and it is valid, but my concern is the people with the power to withhold medicine from the sick will inevitably abuse that power to enrich themselves. They don't and won't draw the line at antibiotics, as you would. 
Perhaps the companies that make and distribute the antibiotics  is where you'd want to focus any laws or regulations. Rather than enforcing antibiotic laws on individuals.  I mean, you said you'd keep antibiotics from someone for five years if they didn't take it properly. I'm guessing your not imagining poor kids in Bangladesh, or somebody with a severe infection screaming in agony when you say that. Surely you wouldn't let someone suffer because they didn't have permission from the authorities.
@_date: 2015-07-15 20:44:38
It was for my wife who is a nurse. She had the same issue before and remembered what they prescribed last time. And seriously, antibiotics is where you draw the line? What you suggest is why I had to turn to the dark net in the first place. Do you realize you are advocating using force against me and my wife for taking antibiotics? 
@_date: 2015-07-15 14:44:26
I've had to go to the darknet for fucking antibiotics. It isn't that they are that expensive in the U.S., rather the $100 cost of a doctor visit for a signature was what we couldn't afford at the time.  
IMO, fixing healthcare and dark web markets go hand in hand. 
@_date: 2015-09-30 17:07:20
It is a factor, but I don't that is the revolution. Most people already realize their paper currency is not really worth anything outside of our minds and society. They may not understand what gives it value, but they understand it is an illusion. I'd say the real revolution that bitcoin has unleashed is the blockchain. It can change everything. Not only can it be used for currency, but any transaction that needs verification. For example, the blockchain could be used for voting in democracies and could alleviate voter fraud. 
@_date: 2015-11-09 17:41:21
I'll save this for future reference. The next time somebody ask why me why Bitcoin and cryptocurrencies are game-changing, I'll point them here. Exciting times!
@_date: 2013-12-06 20:59:23
This may have happened on a very small scale, but for the most part this is a historical myth.