@_author: urmumma
@_date: 2018-11-19 14:20:51
At the end of be day, calling yourself a libertarian means as small a government as possible, a very very limited role of government in the economy, the least laws and regulations possible
The reason it lacks credibility as a real world position on real issues for government is because its stuck in a soup of theory and nuance and cafeteria pickibecause there's a lot of fairweather folks who like to call themselves libertarianism because it sounds tough.
I'm not the one gate keeping. You're essentially saying "I'm a communist but I also think private property and the ability to accumulate wealth is a good thing that should be allowed".
Can't be both ways. if you think it can, you simply don't understand the ideology you're labelling yourself with.
The fact that you think ones attitudes towards the free market are somehow seoerable and distinct from libertarianism strongly suggests this.
"Im a libertarian who supports a government that confiscates and redistributes wealth in the name of fairness and regulates business and the market in the name of the collective good"
Ok bud.
@_date: 2018-11-20 13:52:01
You literally just described politics 
@_date: 2018-11-17 22:52:04
So the crux of your libertarianism is that you like freedom where it ought to exist?
That's nice. So does pretty much everyone else in the west
And if course, there's no such thing as a libertarian who supports UBI. It requires consider state intervention in the economy where it takes on a physical wealth distribution function
That is like saying you're a vegetarian but also like chicken
People who do that usually like the way the label they are giving themselves sounds coming out of their mouths, far more than whether or not they're actually sincerely one
@_date: 2018-11-17 17:22:06
You have a very fictional definition of "voluntary", and a very naive vision of kts prevalence and what it can accomplish 
@_date: 2018-11-17 18:45:50
Hahah usually when forecast a predictable and cliche response,  you're not supposed to make the predictable and cliche response in response 
@_date: 2018-11-17 18:49:57
Are you saying people voluntarily done degrading vests to work a shit part time job with 0 future and 0 benefits? At minimum wage?
Lemme guess - "if they don't like it, they can quit"
To go find a similar gig, cleaning up like for 7 bucks an hour at McDonald's.
Clearly all voluntarily. People choose to live in shit bottom tier economic conditions that disgrace themselves. They work these jobs without any chance of happiness or upwars mobility because they want to.
And the homeless love being outdoors and sleeping under the stars. Bless them and their free choice.
 
People voluntarily live in squalor. And the market provides them exactly the life they deserve 