@_author: ursadropsus
@_date: 2014-04-11 22:31:07
It was arguably a key contributing factor to why the failure itself was so large and its knock-on effects so sweeping. Reductions in regulatory surveillance for example were certainly a factor. 
It's a debated point, of course. Some sides will say it was regulation itself that contributed to the failures and their effects. There is merit to both sides of the arguments. Saying, however, that the lack of regulation was not a significant factor (as you're implying) is a little bit dubious. 
A good article on the role regulation (and lack thereof) played: [Link]( Although note the closing paragraph re: regulation. It makes good points about its limitations. 
And to support your own point and present a balanced perspective, a counter-argument stating that regulation itself was a contributing factor: [Link](
@_date: 2014-02-27 03:44:23
I'll ignore the crass stereotyping you've indulged in re: anarcho-capitalism and stay on the topic of Bitcoin being apolitical: Satoshi himself (that is, Bitcoin's creator) has stated that the currency is "attractive to the libertarian viewpoint" on the proviso it can be explained properly, and although also having said cryptography itself cannot be a solution to political problems, has equally espoused its ability to provide certain forms of economic freedom (in itself at least a partially political issue). 
I'm simply taking issue with your notion that Bitcoin (or indeed any currency) can exist in a vacuum outside of political discourse and function. It's pure fantasy. You needn't introduce silly straw men arguments about anarcho-capitalist Bitcoin utopias. 
@_date: 2014-03-05 17:21:46


just loves bringing up this comparison, but it is a dubious one. Just because a technology in the past took on an exponential adoption rate despite early skepticism doesn't mean that Bitcoin will, and the rise of a technology like the internet is only partially (at most) comparable to the rise of a new currency. There are many important differences, historical contexts, and unique circumstances surrounding each thing. I see this parroted around this echo chamber with a nauseating frequency. Please stop. 
@_date: 2014-02-26 21:03:44
Trying to separate economics from politics is a losing battle, as they'll be inextricably intertwined in the majority of cases. As for anarchism/anarcho-capitalism and its relationship with BTC, there are many areas of common ground. Some ACs believe in shifting economic structures into areas that are unregulated by central governments (see the overlap?), others believe in only limited government involvement. 
For good or bad, there's a political element to BTC that will remain. 
@_date: 2014-04-11 09:36:25


No offense mate, but that's pure hyperbole. 
@_date: 2014-03-06 10:30:07
Fair enough mate. :)
@_date: 2013-11-26 01:49:02
I found the top-rated comments below the article to be highly interesting and would love to hear more about the idea that BTC could be a "cure for consumerism". 
Here is the basic conversation:




Anyone have any thoughts on that or know of other places that have discussed the topic of how BTC could impact consumer culture?
@_date: 2013-12-21 00:25:09
Fascinating question, but I think it risks ignoring the sad truth; that some people can be manipulated into supporting things like wars. Misinformation and "lies of omission" can mislead even the best of us down paths we didn't intend and I'm not sure that is something Bitcoins alone can fix.
@_date: 2013-11-25 23:59:59
I freely admitted to not knowing anything about the core topics underlying BitCoin (crypto, finance, etc). I also freely admitted that the point I was making was pedantic.
You have dozens of other people replying about non-trivial concerns right here in this thread, who clearly have a better understanding of the core underlying topics. 
If you're going to defend the paper, you're going to "have to offer something better" yourself. Specifically, I'd recommend not going after the self-described layman offering trivial observations and answering to some of the other actually meaningful and informed concerns raised here. 
@_date: 2013-11-25 14:41:55
I'm a sci-fi writer and enthusiast who has been eagerly researching Bitcoins for the last few days, basically starting from zero knowledge. I have no background in any relevant fields like Cryptography, finance, networking, etc. my interest lies in the "story" elements everywhere, from mysterious founders to black markets led by pirates!
So I have nothing of substance to add. However, my inner proofreader couldn't help but notice that this supposedly serious research paper misspelled the word "introduction" in their introduction.
Pedantic, for sure, but I found it amusing. 