@_author: ursusarcanus
@_date: 2019-05-07 17:18:44


A visa/mastercard pre-auth locks an amount on your debit or credit card, regardless of type, until released by the merchant. There is no "above and beyond" amount.  How the merchant complete the transaction and closes out the preauth - settlement - varies with the merchant, the issuer, and the processor.


Again, you're conflating LND protocol, basic accounting, and magical thinking. An obligation to merchant A does not infer a probability to magically begin paying other merchants with the same channel before that first obligation is taken care of.


  
Using Amazon as an example, the cross-over between Prime customer payments and gift-card users is very small. People just don't use gift cards this way as a normal course of retail payments.  Starbucks has had more success in this area because it's a popular gift, not because it's more convenient than my debit card.
@_date: 2019-05-07 10:43:29
Likely not.  Going by recent history, Bech32 addresses contain a bit less than 1.2% of all BTC and wallet adoption was extremely slow. Many popular wallets still aren't using real segwit but still wrapping them in p2sh.    
But this is the great thing about soft-fork. For those that can make use of the new tech, it doesn't impact current users and it doesn't result in a catastrophic partition of the network.
@_date: 2019-05-06 08:36:05


  
Even without those measures, using visa/mastercard is about the same as painting a radioactive tag on your back and being tracked from LOE satellites.
@_date: 2019-05-07 08:40:25


From the perspective of the business, you mean an account receivable. 


In crypto terms, this is just a fancy way of making a bank wire. Invoices are marked "paid" when they are paid. Nothing new here. 


You don't need lighting to send an invoice. You just need email. 


From the customer's perspective, this is like putting a visa hold on your bank's checking account for an amount higher than the expected invoice, a pre-auth, similar to what happens when you rent a car. 
The fantasy here is that people are going to lockup their money in LN channels while waiting to the last minute to pay an invoice. Unless they're earning interest on that amount, there is zero incentive for them to do so. 
Receivables and store credits infer a long standing, identity based  relationship between buyer and seller.  LN is unsuitable for these scenarios as the amounts for a typical net30 invoice easily justify the network fee on the base layer with significantly less hassle.
@_date: 2019-05-07 09:11:24
I feel ya but I think its unlikely. Salaries and remittances will hit harder for adoption. The speculative upside to getting paid is a bigger mental incentive than the thought of $10,000 television consequences of using BTC in retail. 
Fiat/btc split salaries could easily become the norm. Fiat covers monthly expenses and mortgages, the rest going to bitcoin as a savings account.
@_date: 2019-05-07 08:48:31
Taproot will facilitate the trustless automation of the world's financial system. Along with Schnorr threshold signatures, these are seismic upgrades to bitcoin's abilities.