@_author: us_dept_of_defence
@_date: 2018-01-16 20:44:30
Honestly, I ultimately see either a gov't allowing for bitcoin exchanges in a way that legitimizes a standard level of exchange (a la gold standard) or a power group of investors setting the market price at a certain level and keeping it there.
I can't fathom a public interest in a non-usable currency that lacks any regulations that prevent market manipulation in any meaningful way along with any consumer protection laws.
An example here would be a group of wealthy investors who want to set bitcoin at a certain price (probably much lower than the current price) to use for actual good exchange (to bypass general laws around prices, taxes, etc). For all the other investors, they're in it for a good ol' fashion pump-and-dump which is 100% not illegal for bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-01-16 20:49:11
... What issues will they face far bigger than slavery? What is worse than a war on the enslavement of another race entirely for profit justified using religious text and "freedom"?
@_date: 2018-01-18 14:34:56
You sound like you don't understand even to a fraction of how global economics works and only understand some black and white terms rather than the complexity of the economy and how even things that westerners have done decades ago is causing what is happening now. Instead you go for ad hominem attacks
@_date: 2018-01-16 15:21:46
The bubble price being that its made of people who want to get rich vs protest against fiat currency.
Bitcoin has no real value and can't really be backed by a country's GDP. There definitely is some value to the concept, but as we can see with anyone who makes a Crytocurrency, bitcoin is slowly becoming just another face in a crowding sea.
@_date: 2018-01-18 13:27:44
Yes, but its corruption and power lusts in 3rd world countries that is killing the poor. 
How would cryptocurrency fix that? If we approved of crypto, then gave that crypto to the 3rd world government to fund whatever they had to, how would we keep them accountable? 
@_date: 2018-01-17 14:40:05
Yes... but fiat currencies are also backed by a military, industry, production, and land. Crytocurrencies are backed entirely by consumer confidence and consumers are emotional by nature- quick to panics.
Also government debts are more complex than "debt bad, no debt good" which goes into why the USD is an international standard, how it compares to other currencies, and how strong the economy is as a result.
To give an example, let's say that a new country forms in Africa. While they have no debt, they could fund public works by borrowing. Of course, they borrow from the US who approves of it. By building the public works, the country increases the local potential of the economy while by telling the US- "We owe you, but we're paying in our own currency", it legitimizes that currency if the US accepts the proposal.
Because the US either gives or "owes" a lot of people in the world, the USD tends to be an international amount.