@_author: usagohome
@_date: 2019-02-08 13:40:50
I dunno about the redsheilds, but the quote in itself isn't particularly sinister, which is probably why they used this particularly Nosferatu M. Burns looking image to make their point.
Probably Nosferatu here isn't into the sort of technological concepts and language we're into here, where words like "decentralization" are pretty much Sacred Words with very specific meanings and ideals for us. No all powerful head to attack, capture or subvert, no dictatorial center, no bottle-neck of political corruption and so on.
Nostferatu's words wouldn't have triggered anyone on this forum had he said "fracturization" or "factionalism" are a bad thing. Had he said "contentious forkism is bad", coiner people might even say "Now I don't usually find myself agreeing with a Rothschild..."
As for this "social darwinism" stuff you mention, well that's a discussion a little further down the hall and on the right, as it were.
@_date: 2019-02-08 13:55:31
National socialism was actually quite popular when that Austrian got going, the idea being to utilize socialism but only for ones own nation... which doesn't really hang together as a concept because either the Workers are in solidarity with eachother across the board, or their socialism will just be outflanked and crushed by outsourcing. It's like the Prisoners Dilemma, the winning strategy of cooperation but only by specifically not cooperating with the other prisoner... silly game theory.
Also how do you make a bourgeois turd factory like fascism seem appealing to the working people other than to make it sound nice. "Socialism... well if it's got socialism in it, maybe I'll sign up!" I can come up with that myself, "Conservative Justice and Blood Party", "Elite National Functional Democracy Group", "Free Nursery and Education for Working Parents Fascist Front"... everyone still alive signed-up? Good, now let's invade Poland and seriously attempt to wipe out an entire minority.
@_date: 2019-02-08 13:35:20
I dunno about the red-shields, but I do know that the quote in the picture is not in itself very sinister. That's probably why they had to use a picture of this particular red-shield in full on evil leer Monty Burns/Nosferatu mode.
@_date: 2019-02-08 19:05:22
it's worth reading, you might learn something.
@_date: 2019-02-19 18:39:03
Damn noble of you old boy. Raises glass.
@_date: 2019-02-07 22:20:59
"I think a lawless radioactive wasteland dominated by cannibal biker-tribes in a permanent state of perfect competition of violence with each other is a step backwards for humanity, I'd like to see rights for everyone on Earth where everyone is equal before a legal consensus of the people and everyone enjoys a high standard of living even though there are billions and billions of us because good management. Muahahahahahah."
@_date: 2019-02-18 17:14:25
@_date: 2019-02-08 19:11:23
Actually this article is very much worth highlighting, people talk about Venezuelan hyper-inflation as if the United States has nothing to do with it, then they buy into the diagnosis provided by the attacking party that all these economic issues are because of socialism. See how it works? It all too often "goes without saying" that these means and others are employed.
In fact I'm not sure even Maduro realizes the full extent, I'm sure he can be criticised for his methods in trying to address the economic issues, but if he did not understand the scope and power of the campaign waged against the Venezuelan economy then nothing he did would have stood a chance anyway, all this assuming the guy is less mediocre than most politicians usually are at the best of times.
@_date: 2019-01-31 15:27:22
In fact you could describe bitcoin as a true eco-coin, not to mention the "true cost of the now" anti-consumerism of its deflationary nature (divide the total exergy of modern society into 21 million slices, and don't include the projected profits of business plans yet to unfold).
@_date: 2019-01-11 20:43:37
Well money could certainly be done smarter, somehow. Bitcoin is sort of like the economic use of gold done smarter.
In my opinion, whatever way we do money, it's really about how power works in society, that's the difference between a good idea being a good idea or a good idea being rammed into the face of the world repeatedly until bloody and bent. Capitalism, Communism, if human beings were... I dunno, *better* than we are, I'm sure we'd have done brilliantly with any of em. Even Fascism probably, with better human beings (not Aryan Master Race better or something, 
I just mean like- Really Cool People) then even Fascism would probably be that way of life where people help the weak and always try their best to be cool to one another, or something. Monarchy would automatically imply a wise philosopher king and we'd have resorts on the moon because even though Monarchy we'd just be so fucking advanced and kick-ass because even Monarchy we could make work. In fact fuck it, Holy Goat of Governance ruled society using fist-fulls of leaves for money- even that would have us sipping Moscow Mules on Europa I'm sure of it. Goat would be more of a figure-head position in that scenario obvs.
But anyway human beings aren't better, or Really Cool, we're basically just chimpanzees with an industrial base, so the only questions that really matter with any system we come up with or any form of money we take to are questions like who knows who, who carries the big stick, which angry mob one has become associated with, which god one does the displays of submissiveness to and which big blobby ass one kisses, stuff like that. 
Bitcoin won't change the world, it'll juts make some aspects of it a bit more swooshy. Angry working (and not-working) people marching the streets and demanding change- that'll still be happening fifty years into Bitcoin history, and wealthy capitalists will still look at them and sneer "socialism", failing to understand why these stupid little social animals called human beings insist on needing each other or something, to live.
@_date: 2019-01-08 17:08:08
The United States is not a working class household, the United States doesn't have to 'balance its books' like a struggling single-mother single-handedly holding down three jobs while raising four kids. When the USG decides on a policy and wants to fund it, what does it do? It prints the money it needs. What's the limitation? Inflation is the limitation. What are taxes for? Are they for having a friendly whip-around because Uncle Sam wants to build more nukes or something? No, taxes are a means of controlling inflation- which is the only limiting factor to how much money the US can make because the US dollar is the world reserve currency that all commodities (like oil) are traded in.
Make more dollars, taxes are used to mop them up again and maintain the dollars value. Nobody with any knowledge gives a crap about some "debt-clock", as if a couple of burley men are going to come knocking on the door of the US and threaten to remove goods because non-payment of bills outstanding. All that sort of talk stems ultimately from American angst that government spending might be used to help black people or something, or do socialism, or not be as maniacally right-wing as the Great Rightwing Regime of the West typically likes to be. All this because Sith politics rules all over there.
And by the way, US debt are at the same time private savings. Hey, it's the system world capitalism insisted on all this time, enough with the gas-lighting already.
@_date: 2019-01-08 16:58:07
mises.org or something.
@_date: 2019-01-11 17:30:25
"Why are we wearing these skulls?"
@_date: 2019-01-10 17:08:44
Well, you say "coercion money", but the same "men with guns" people are always complaining about around here also protect your property rights, you don't complain much about that sort of thing do you. And in any case, "fiat" is actually a pretty cool idea in principal. I think people say "fiat" wehen really they mean something else, policy, capture by insiders, that sort of thing. You don't say "wheels suck!!!1!", when you mean "drink driving sucks". Currently, a parasitic rentier class rules the economy and influences government policy, and yes that's a problem. 
Banging on about lumps of yellow metal for example won't address any of the problems we currently have with fiat in my opinion. In fact I would have thought all those fork-scandals would have shown there can be insider-factions of bad actors even in crypto. And yes I do like bitcoin, and see it as a reaction to states decision to bale out the banks after the huge bubble that financial deregulation created in 2008, I don't see it as even an attempt to replace what we use fiat for. Frankly if you'd lend your bitcoin out to someone on the expectation that their business plan will pay off over the years to come, I'd consider you foolish because even if the plan is good, bitcoin is deflationary. Borrow fiat, pay taxes in fiat, save and do your own thing in bitcoin. Why do we need to limit ourselves to just one way of using just one form of value?
Anyway, just my two satoshi.
@_date: 2019-01-19 13:57:09
More poor people struggle with debt than finding a way to save. Inflation steadily wears away the weight of debt. It's good though that there is now a way to save that doesn't get worn away by inflation. Assuming of course they've the time to see an effect either way of course.
@_date: 2019-01-31 14:34:24
I agree with the article but also take chrisrico's point. If anything, bitcoin mining now makes it make more sense for the Chinese to flood more landscape to generate wattage. 
However, by the same token bitcon mining makes it more sensible to build more sustainable energy infrastructure. Bits of sustainable energy infrastructure that previously found itself caught just hanging around now has ready access to "a day job"- anywhere and anywhen. Which overall is a good effect on the sustainable energy industry going forwards (not including things like hydro-damns or heavy kitten-reactors of course).
@_date: 2019-01-11 18:06:17
They are working people sick of the neo-liberal bollocks that has taken society back for the past thirty or forty years. No I doubt they would be much interested in Bitcoin ideologically, which is in my opinion just the latest liberal revolution in a long line of liberal revolutions whos brave helmsmen tend not to give two fucks about the problems of working stiffs. "Socialism" they'll sneer with scorn, like it's bad or something.
Thatcher, Reagan, and pretty much all the Western politicians since than, deregulate, slash wages, disintermediate, disrupt, there is no such thing as society etc. Why on Earth would the class of people that have to run around in increasingly tight circles to pay the dues of a neo-liberal rentier class want to spend their time talking up the concepts and preferences of mises.org or something? It would be like turkeys voting for christmas, and I say that as someone who thinks bitcoin is pretty cool. A sort of internet-gold, though cool for its own reasons, is not a social policy, in fact it's not even a new politics- and won't in itself be much use to the working stiffs in and of itself. Might help challenge the power of banking insiders I would hope.
@_date: 2019-01-19 13:33:12
Yup, bitcoin is more like TCP/IP than... MySpace for example.
@_date: 2019-01-11 17:48:04
Odd aside, our governments (well, the West) is actually pretty cozy with actual straight up nazi's, like the ones they rescued for Project Paper clip, and the counter-insurgency skills they brought to all those dodgy South American regimes during the cold war (and maybe again now that Bolsonaro is here), even  as street-fighters in the Ukrainian coup just recently- dripping with actual no-shit nazi's. Turns out they're just as good as jihadists for loads of things, less useful for attacking islamic countries though. And not so much use anymore if it's rocket-nazi's you want either, but we know how to make rockets now, so...
But yeah, if you need some useful right-wing supremacist brutality for the win, I say go old skool, contact Nazi's on gab, they accept bitcoin now and are Klaus Barbie approved.
@_date: 2019-01-19 13:48:12
It's all that mises stink you get around here. The key to this sort of politics is to convince the 'little people' to see the world in a way that goes against his or her own interests. Down with socialism (except for the wealthy, military industry, bankers etc) Down with democracy, so we can create a kind of neo-feudalist rentier corporatocracy that we are then encouraged to call "the free market" and then "physically remove" (ala Pinochet or other South American fascist regime discourse control using helicopters) anyone who is a Keynsian!!!1! or Social Justice Warrior!!!1! or Socializt!!!1!
Personally I think bitcoin is a nice addition to the forms of wealth communication available in the world, one more tool in the mix and over time a good way for even us non-millionaire investor-class small folk to save over time. But be aware of the darker side of some of those who are keen on it. I'm sure when corned-gunpowder first came out, the aristocracy of Europe were certain that the domination of the world by feudalism was now assured. Black-swan technologies confuse everyone at first, so who knows how it'll all turn out.
@_date: 2018-12-08 18:59:59
My main concern is CME, CBOE, NASDAQ etc shorting and dumping bitcoin flat with their endless bottomless sea of money because the Dollarchy cannot be allowed to be challenged.
@_date: 2018-12-08 19:23:36
Great post, sums up 'hodl culture' perfectly.
@_date: 2018-12-18 10:16:10
Not *never* sell, only for stuff more important than money.