@_author: uscuul
@_date: 2017-08-28 00:28:20
I lost nearly £1000 with Paypal!!!! 
( trading on localbitcoins ).
I sold bitcoin through localbitcoins website with payment method ( Paypal) for couple of  weeks that's suddenly everything changed and became nightmare for me.
One day in the morning received email from Paypal. someone ask for dispute money...!!!
When I tracked by reference and ID number iv seen that I had trade with the guy for £200 bitcoin and he had a verified account with over 30 positive feedback !!!
The first thing came to my mind to withdraw all money from Paypal!! But that is impossible cos as soon as someone ask for dispute usually:
1-You not allowed to withdraw 2-not allowed send money 3-spending money 4- remove your bank account or any card you link 5 - not even close account!!!
Basically your accounts get frozen while investigating and ask you to send the 1-proof your invoice 2-Proof of your ID 3-proof your ad dress 4 proof your business information and a lots more....
The problem is you NOT allowed to sell bitcoin through PayPal, how can I show the the receipt from localbitcoins.??!!
It just totally headache and wasting time to trying get your money back from Paypal.
In only 1 month 3 scammers ask Paypal to dispute money.
So , I lost £1000 BUT this happened make me more determined, I hope one day bitcoin or any other cryptocurrency become the main currency.
It's ridiculous these banks,credit card companies,Paypal or other M F suckers that ripping off our money by different ways.
Just think for a moment, you work hard to get money, than when you want to put the money in the bank they ask you lots of question ID verification,proof address and other crap things just to put your money there,when you you want take it out other problems !! If you put more government get involved and tax ....
The way they treat you is look like a beggar!!!
Begging to open account-begging to withdraw your own money.
I LOVE bitcoin cos you own the money and you have the control how to spend.
Last word FFFFF....CK Paypal.