@_author: usefulcontentonly
@_date: 2017-01-05 20:40:00
dollar cost averaging
@_date: 2016-12-26 21:08:49
it isn't fraud, but isn't really so nice either. 
@_date: 2016-12-27 09:17:57
You have a fair point, but we both must agree that, because you do this, there is possibly 1 less host on airbnb, and customers miss out on a good deal, creating a less "competitive" airbnb market. 
I am looking at it from the big picture and how it affects everyone, rather from a personal view.
From a personal point of view, I agree with you.
In the big picture, it does affect the company, customers and hosts if many people did this. 
@_date: 2016-12-27 00:55:35
Nah, I just believe if someone provides you a service worth the price, why not pay for it to support businesses? 
Even pirates mention that if you really like the game, hobbit it to support the developers. By doing what he does, he screws over everyone, including himself (but he doesn't really feel it) 
If everyone does it, it just won't work. 
@_date: 2016-12-26 21:49:55
It is because you used Airbnb to find hosts with good prices, good locations and so on and made a back end deal, removing a valuable host from providing the services he gave to you, to other customers like myself so you can save a bit of cash.
Basically, by doing this, you harm airbnb's business by preventing them from making possible revenue, and you harm customers like myself, who could be interested in travelling to taiwan and want to use a secure service, i.e airbnb for your own personal gain/the hosts.
If everyone did this, airbnb would just go bankrupt, and you would have to take a riskier route with couchsurfing, craiglist or other websites. 
In short, you are screwing everyone over for your own gain, and because not everyone does this, airbnb survives. 
@_date: 2016-12-27 09:07:55
Yes, facebook can connect people, then why did why did you even bother with airbnb when you could have so "easily" found your hosts with no problems in facebook groups in Taiwan.
We both know that Airbnb is a very convenient way to reach people interested in your place, and with people interested in hosting you. 
Denying that is like denying that we need oxygen to live. 
Or would you rather go back to the old way of facebook groups where you say " pn " with other 100 users trying to get a place in heavily populated taiwan, not having the security that it is not a scam, and taking alot of time out of your day to find a convenient place, when you could just go to airbnb, book, talk, and then it is done. :) 
@_date: 2016-12-27 09:27:24
If it is a long term stay, then I would say no.
Short term stay, preferably yes. 
You don't have to do either, it is just courtesy.
Which is why I said it is not so nice, nothing else. 
@_date: 2016-12-27 09:02:46
I am not saying people do it because they are nice.
It should just be given, that if you like a service, and it has helped you alot, then please do continue using it so they can provide their service to more people. By trying to save money a bit of money, you screw over everyone else who is interested in the service. 
@_date: 2016-12-26 22:09:50
Yes you do, but you also pay for their website, their marketing, their reach that provided you a platform where hosts COMPETE for customers through means of either having a highly valued estate, good location, or a good price and a friendly host. 
By using airbnb the way you use it, you basically create less compeition on the website, less hosts who are willing to give a percentage of their possible revenues to airbnb for their escrow and providing them with a platform to advertise their estate and reach potential customers, and instead would rather have some of that extra money with them, in turn making airbnb less competitive, more costly for users, and reducing their profit margin for helping you relatively permanently (assuming you stay in touch with the hosts for a long time).
So in other words, instead of using it as an escrow service, you use it as, if you would call it " lead generation " to provide you with hosts that you know are willing to host you and are good, screwing up their business model and customers in turn.
I would like to wager it is similar to piracy, by pirating, you screw over the producers of movies, actors and everyone who worked hard to provide entertainment for you, but in this case, you also screw over your fellow "movie watchers" by forcing production companies into bankruptcy as many people pirate their movies, leaving them with little revenue. In turn, less movies are produced, providing consumers or movie watchers, including yourself, with less choice and purchasing power. 
That was an exaggerated example, to give you an idea of what you are doing, and if many people do it, what it would cause. 