@_author: useforoneyear
@_date: 2017-06-12 18:43:25
Real Talk:
Because a lot of people in the crypto space are weirdo technolibertarians who view these things as an expression of their belief system and not as an investment. Any other coins in the space is viewed as a threat to their belief system rather than an alternative investment.
People who trade stocks are not hung up on Apple vs Microsoft vs Google vs Nike vs Adidas vs Coke vs Pepsi vs Whatever. Their ideology is to make money. 
There are still people in cryptocurrencies who believe that these things will change the way the world works - and they might be right, but the thing they overlook is that the layman does not care about your ideological purity or silly Austrian Economics. They see these things as investment vehicles. If you think that some Joe Blow in Kansas is buying Bitcoin so he doesn't have to use a Visa to buy the newly announced Xbox One X, you're delusional. 
The sooner people realize that in a world of 7 billion people, more than one currency can be a dominant currency, the sooner they'll be able to come to terms with this.
@_date: 2017-06-19 02:21:12
I have a pretty recent tale of woe. 
I bought 1500 worth of Komodo at $0.08 cents or something really low like that. Komodo's only wallet right now is called Agama. Agama has this crippling bug that occurs whenever you create a new wallet. The address it gives you initially is not the real address and the private key generated is not associated with that address. It's a legit address that you can send and receive things from it but since you don't know the private key it's worthless. To get your actual wallet address, you have to log out and log back in again with your private key. Of course I don't know about this bug and send the 1500 Komodo to the first address. It's lost forever. 
It is last I checked current around $2.50. The currency seems legit for the most part; it's another privacy coin akin to Monero. I haven't seen it get pumped or anything since I lost my coins, just a slow gradual climb with 10% here, -5% there, 20% another day. It fucking kills me how well this coin is doing now.  For those of you thinking about checking it out, the wallet still has the bug. This is actually the one coin that I'd trust to leave on an exchange over the wallet. 