@_author: username_number_bot
@_date: 2017-11-30 17:21:50
And Facebook contributed greatly to the growth of all social media. Doesn't make Facebook a good or trustworthy company. 
@_date: 2017-11-29 13:03:38
MADISON RIVER:  In 2005, North Carolina ISP Madison River Communications blocked the voice-over-internet protocol (VOIP) service Vonage. Vonage filed a complaint with the FCC after receiving a slew of customer complaints. The FCC stepped in to sanction Madison River and prevent further blocking, but it lacks the authority to stop this kind of abuse today.
COMCAST: In 2005, the nation’s largest ISP, Comcast, began secretly blocking peer-to-peer technologies that its customers were using over its network. Users of services like BitTorrent and Gnutella were unable to connect to these services. 2007 investigations from the Associated Press, the Electronic Frontier Foundation and others confirmed that Comcast was indeed blocking or slowing file-sharing applications without disclosing this fact to its customers.
TELUS: In 2005, Canada’s second-largest telecommunications company, Telus, began blocking access to a server that hosted a website supporting a labor strike against the company. Researchers at Harvard and the University of Toronto found that this action resulted in Telus blocking an additional 766 unrelated sites.
AT&amp;T: From 2007–2009, AT&amp;T forced Apple to block Skype and other competing VOIP phone services on the iPhone. The wireless provider wanted to prevent iPhone users from using any application that would allow them to make calls on such “over-the-top” voice services. The Google Voice app received similar treatment from carriers like AT&amp;T when it came on the scene in 2009.
WINDSTREAM: In 2010, Windstream Communications, a DSL provider with more than 1 million customers at the time, copped to hijacking user-search queries made using the Google toolbar within Firefox. Users who believed they had set the browser to the search engine of their choice were redirected to Windstream’s own search portal and results.
MetroPCS: In 2011, MetroPCS, at the time one of the top-five U.S. wireless carriers, announced plans to block streaming video over its 4G network from all sources except YouTube. MetroPCS then threw its weight behind Verizon’s court challenge against the FCC’s 2010 open internet ruling, hoping that rejection of the agency’s authority would allow the company to continue its anti-consumer practices.
PAXFIRE: In 2011, the Electronic Frontier Foundation found that several small ISPs were redirecting search queries via the vendor Paxfire. The ISPs identified in the initial Electronic Frontier Foundation report included Cavalier, Cogent, Frontier, Fuse, DirecPC, RCN and Wide Open West. Paxfire would intercept a person’s search request at Bing and Yahoo and redirect it to another page. By skipping over the search service’s results, the participating ISPs would collect referral fees for delivering users to select websites. 
AT&amp;T, SPRINT and VERIZON: From 2011–2013, AT&amp;T, Sprint and Verizon blocked Google Wallet, a mobile-payment system that competed with a similar service called Isis, which all three companies had a stake in developing.
EUROPE: A 2012 report from the Body of European Regulators for Electronic Communications found that violations of Net Neutrality affected at least one in five users in Europe. The report found that blocked or slowed connections to services like VOIP, peer-to-peer technologies, gaming applications and email were commonplace. 
VERIZON: In 2012, the FCC caught Verizon Wireless blocking people from using tethering applications on their phones. Verizon had asked Google to remove 11 free tethering applications from the Android marketplace. These applications allowed users to circumvent Verizon’s $20 tethering fee and turn their smartphones into Wi-Fi hot spots. By blocking those applications, Verizon violated a Net Neutrality pledge it made to the FCC as a condition of the 2008 airwaves auction.
AT&amp;T: In 2012, AT&amp;T announced that it would disable the FaceTime video-calling app on its customers’ iPhones unless they subscribed to a more expensive text-and-voice plan. AT&amp;T had one goal in mind: separating customers from more of their money by blocking alternatives to AT&amp;T’s own products. 
VERIZON: During oral arguments in Verizon v. FCC in 2013, judges asked whether the phone giant would favor some preferred services, content or sites over others if the court overruled the agency’s existing open internet rules. Verizon counsel Helgi Walker had this to say: “I’m authorized to state from my client today that but for these rules we would be exploring those types of arrangements.” Walker’s admission might have gone unnoticed had she not repeated it on at least five separate occasions during arguments.
The court struck down the FCC’s rules in January 2014 — and in May FCC Chairman Tom Wheeler opened a public proceeding to consider a new order.
In response millions of people urged the FCC to reclassify broadband providers as common carriers and in February 2015 the agency did just that.
@_date: 2017-11-29 16:51:56
Looking at your post history all you post is "fake met neutrality."
Be less transparent. 
@_date: 2017-11-30 17:20:49
Read the post, they literally gave a list of exchanges.
@_date: 2018-03-22 03:05:10
You can easily google this and find the tax table for this stuff. 
@_date: 2018-03-16 14:55:32
If they have to do it, it should be done up front with a warning and not playing catch up locking up funds of unsuspecting customers who don't know what XAPO's internal rules are. 
@_date: 2018-02-01 17:10:06
Wrong. 
As U/eqleriq put it:




2. you can only buy BTC from cash (at a % loss from basically every other exchange).
3. you cannot use the cash debitcard or get a realtime valuation of $$$ to use with the BTC you bought from cash. You'd always have to sell it first to add to your "cash" (at a % loss, again).
4. You must have a debit card to use this app. You could link a bank account, but that's apparently only for withdrawals. You can only "add cash" to it via a linked debit card. 
5. So, to recap, you'd have to not only cover the % loss from buying the bitcoin, you'd also have to cover the % loss from selling it back to cash before you can ever "use" it within cash.  They clearly have some sort of direct arbitrage where they make money off of every single BTC transaction bought or sold at any pricepoint.
6. In other words, you are not USING the Bitcoin, you're just buying from some corporation that hoarded bitcoin at a premium and selling back to them, at again, a premium. 
7. The only sane use of this (partially sane, that is) is to buy on cash and move it out to a different wallet. Except why on earth would you ever do that, they have the exact same regulations that other exchanges do, with a bigger fee. 
8. They obscure this "fee" by showing you one valuation of BTC derived from some sort of mystery bullshit, but when you purchase you do not receive the amount you bought, you receive it minus this cut. This is borderline misleading as it should be showing you the amount you'd be receiving for what you're paying for BEFORE the transaction occurs.
9. This is essentially a glorified localbitcoins app wank, where the seller is saying they'll buy/sell all bitcoins at X% off of whatever some exchange is offering, oh but you can only sell the bitcoins you bought from the seller back to them. Wow, really? Gosh, thanks!
 
TLDR: Fuck this dumb shit