@_author: username222
@_date: 2017-12-22 10:20:56
I wish you luck 
@_date: 2017-12-24 23:36:27
Yes, i do see....
@_date: 2017-10-20 07:46:37
Honestly, yes. Kinda. Not exactly as you meant it but I believe yes. Metals will come back in a different format.
@_date: 2017-10-20 06:23:37
Not impressed by his arguments, For someone who is supposed to be an expert on the economy he seems to fail to realize the basic fundamentals of humanity and value creation. So he prefers gold, silver etc for value storage, but what gives those metals their value? People give value to them because they agree to buy that asset and consider it valuable. Technically gold has no use for an ordinary person, despite the unique characteristics it has because average people will only probably use it for cosmetics.
So here is my comparison.
— Value Storage —
Gold: Has the lead because more people are willing to consider it as more valuable than bitcoin at this specific moment. 
Bitcoin counter argument: Buy gold right now and try to use it. Then come back and report on your experience. I own precious metals, its a headache. Its basically useful for billionaires and multimillionaires that will buy it, ensure its safe and never come back to it. First, buying precious metals its pain in the butt, bank wire transfers, secure delivery and most difficult saving the metals in a secure location. Then comes the selling part, which is even a bigger hassle. Not to mention in the real world it has no value to people, Average people don’t know about precious metals and don’t care about precious metals, Go to your local grocery store and tell them you want to pay in gold, most likely you’ll leave empty handed. 
Example:   
So even gold, silver etc might be winning the value storage part at the moment in my opinion cryptos will eat over 40% of the market in the next 5 years. Probably more but because its a new technology and people are skeptical i will say around 40% for now.
*Gold Vs Cryptos.*
Ease of investing - Winner: Cryptos
Ease of liquidity - Winner: Cryptos
Chances you’ll be able to trade and buy something in the market today - Winner: Cryptos (Its extremely time consuming to trade metals for fiat, people don’t want the hassle)
Maximum Quantity allowed - Winner: Cryptos. Only 21 million bitcoins. (Some decades ago miners reported discovering substantial amounts of gold in Antartica or something, it made the world crumble, not possible with bitcoin).
Portability - Winner: Cryptos. Try transporting metals and see. Also, you can’t really transport metals from one country to another, normal people are not really “allowed” to do that. First, the government tracks everything. Second all bullions and non jewelries have a limit and taxation at the airport.
Safety from robbery and inflation - Winner: Cryptos. (Remember 1913?? When the US government decided to knock on every door and demand from people to surrender their gold for $24?? Probably not, well they did. Let them try the same with Cryptos.) Also, don’t forget history. If you could go back 150 years and ask people fiat or gold they will all say gold. Back then people really suffered from the monetary abuse of governments. Governments were demanding from people to use and accept those papers the government was printing as temporary payments (notes), then again and again those papers will get devalued, people will loose the pay of their hard work and government get free labor and goods. In some cases the government was not even accepting its depreciated notes as debt payments. People kept going back to gold and silver and then the gov will print a new note and demand from people to use it again, this was happening for decades, until one day Nixon decided to take away peoples safety net and true financial freedom by disconnecting USD/Gold. From then on people kinda became slaves to the system and the government.
I wont get dip into analyzing everything but a lot of shit went wrong with fiat currencies.
Blockchain and Bitcoin are 2 great technologies (that are still new and need improvement). In my opinion Bitcoin is more valuable than gold in our society now, it has a practical use and many noticeable benefits. Is bitcoin a safe investment? Hell no, a nerd finds a bug tomorrow on the Blockchain and he can bring Bitcoin to its knees, making it worthless. 
Should you invest in Bitcoin? Absolutely. Its a glimpse of how  the future can be and its big and bitcoin is currently leading the way. But never never forget that tomorrow your Bitcoins can worth pennies. 
Is bitcoin competing with precious metals?? NO! Gold is gold, silver is silver and bitcoin is bitcoin. Ideally you should own all 3. Bitcoin is competing with fiat currency, and its has a very good chance taking over right now;
We are talking about a big shift from the norm, we are talking about shifting power and influence from governments and banks to a “Network” of normal people. So you must understand the magnitude of the situation here. Will the banks and governments try to regulate it and try to destroy bitcoin? 100% YES. Tax problems, anonymity, loosing market, people, society influence etc, its a nightmare for banks and governments, even for baby boomers who are extremely confused and have no clue what is going on right now. 
Even though i would hate to see that happen, I believe bitcoin will be heavily regulated and pushed back into the darkness by the current powers. Its a great idea, it proved to have a valid code base but the damage that can cause if not properly handled and the uncertainty behind this new idea will most likely kill it. At least until the baby boomers start loosing control over the system. Can it succeed? sure it can. It can go 10,000, 100,000 +++++++++, it does have the fundamentals and potentials to accomplish many and great things, But understand this, if bitcoin goes lets say $500,000, that money will come from somewhere else. Bitcoin has the power to bring down the stock market and big financial institutions, which will eventually pop anyway but bitcoin can do it sooner. This is not a joke, if the stock market fails everything will follow. The failing economy and policies of the government did this, people can’t understand this but 2008 Obama went all in and played all the cards, so far he lost all bets, so the failure this time will be the last, the government has no other cards, 
So while everyone thinks that bitcoin will be $500,000 in 2 years and everyone invested will be reach, just step back, look at the real picture and reconsider everything again. Is owning half a million in a post apocalyptic planet really worth it??
Embrace the new technology, study it, innovative on it, try to solve people’s problems but also be conscious of your surroundings, world and society you live in. 
This is what finally everyone will realize and agree to take the bitcoin/Blockchain project more seriously and maybe delay its growth to provide more piece of mind.
This guy has no clue seems like, its like listening to a 12 year old describing the economy.
If your only concern is making money they there are many other opportunities you can invest that can potentially be even more beneficial. My personal favorite is Silver, it trades around $17 today and I estimate silver to reach around $800 in the near future. The system will fail, the lies can’t continue anymore, the global economy needs a correction ASAP, the more we wait the worst it would get. Fiat currencies will make a correction in the near future,
Stay away from the stock market, invest most of your cash in silver, bitcoin, gold, ether and leave cash just for your basic needs for a year, and some cash for the days that you wont have access to the bank.
Silver is my opinion the most valuable investment at the moment. I wont go into why but feel free to research my opinion.