@_author: usgovthater
@_date: 2017-08-24 03:19:25
said the man who got shot because the people in power represented the opposite.
@_date: 2017-08-24 17:01:56
unfortunately, though I expected success for altcoin as a tech geek/programmer/InfoSec guy, I am very poor, I never had an opportunity to mine or invest in any altcoin. I certainly would have if I wasn't at the absolute bottom of the social rung though.
it really explains my utter hatred of the system. I believe intelligent people should get a free pass to the upper class, by opening the elites up to competition from the bottom and taking away specific class advantages through alternative changes to the education system and finance systems.
@_date: 2017-08-24 20:31:09
I might be able to get in by contributing to the source or something. not sure if it would do much but id be interested in trying once I get a little more experience under my belt purely out of an academic standpoint. I'm in info sec right now, only because I could not pass advanced math but am very interested in programming in general. its been a hobby and self-study since I was a child. started messing in web development/scripting languages/BASIC at like 10/11, so even though I'm a 90s kid I got that classic retro computer thing going.
then I decided to learn visual basic, got bored with its lack of power and no explanation of low level machinations, and moved to learning C/C++, python, Linux/BASH, tck/tk, and others etc. I was trying to make games when I was like 13, but I didn't have the experience trying to straight up code my own engines FROM SCRATCH which is how I insisted upon doing it. I hated tools like game maker, flash and rpg maker lol. felt too amateurish for me. I wanted to know how my heroes did it, originally. to learn from the ways of people who came before me on a professional level.
I ended up giving up for awhile, but decided to go back to school and try anyway. I'm doing well in the classes, at the top of the comp sci ones without even studying just because I'm about a decade ahead of other students.
but it has limitations, I only know the beginnings and little of the intermediate waters that ive treaded as a hobbyist. still I know a bit about ASM, Debugging, low level languages, which is more than some who start, and I know I have limited understanding AND the passion/dedication/enjoyment of puzzle solving required for this work... Ive seen a wide variety of the variants of work in this field.
so I really do plan on trying to work hard to contribute to open source software, hopefully make a name for myself (my real name lols) and maybe get to work in that field instead anyway down the line
on the bright side, I get a degree FAST without math (I already took stats), since ive had so many majors, I only have 6 classes til associates lol. so hopefully within like 3 years i'll be able to at least do something with a bachelors. and not be impoverished for life.