@_author: usofmind
@_date: 2018-01-17 02:42:00
I feel the same way.  I was buying and selling bitcoin in 2013 and 2014... made a couple hundred bucks a couple times and sold.  I was watching how it was used on darknet markets years ago... I understood the general concept of blockchain and a bit of the math behind bitcoin.  As I saw it climb higher and higher at different times over the years I felt a sort of regret like “I was watching this with interest when it was much lower and less publicized than today and all these people made money and I missed the boat.”  Every time it made a run I thought I missed the run up and that it was too late to jump in.  And then it would run up again.  I had read stories in the past about Isaac Newton and the ‘tulip bubble’ - that he bought in and sold for a modest profit and stayed on the sidelines... as he saw everyone around him getting rich he decided to jump in so he wouldn’t continue missing out on the gains.  Turns out he bought at a peak and as the price tumbled he bailed at the bottom and lost everything... right before it went back up. Market psychology can get the best of the smartest of the smart.
I came to the conclusion that sure I was into it before it really took off and I had an understanding of the technology and knew it was new and novel... but if I had bought and held would I really have been any smarter?  I would’ve been luckier.  Understanding the technology and potential applications is an altogether different thing than understanding the market for it.  I had too many doubts that I still wonder today.  What is so special about bitcoin over other crypto currencies or over potential future crypto currencies?  Is it the name?  The fact it was first?   Does that guarantee it’ll end up the dominant crypto currency or even an important one as the technology evolves?  The vast majority of the value of bitcoin isn’t coming from people buying it because it’s useful and easy to spend places, they’re buying speculating on its value alone - in the long term that speculation would seem to be a bet that it will become useful in an economic sense beyond just speculation.  It isn’t so cut and dry as just understanding it’s a revolutionary technology... if I’d bought and held in 2013 it would’ve been more a function of my mood at the time than of my keen market sense.  In all honesty I just didn’t understand what fundamentally drives the market and stayed away.  I don’t regret it anymore.
During the 2008 recession I remember being just out of college and hearing the government was going to bail out the banks by purchasing bank debt and preferred stocks of the big banks.  The preferred stocks of major banks were selling at a 10-12% yield in many cases while treasuries were next to nothing.  I thought ‘simple! just invest alongside the government- their investments won’t fail because they won’t let them fail and I’ll be buying a super high yield asset at a time when the market is starving for income.”  It was successful I did very well and saw my money multiply many times over.  I was just out of college and felt that I bought something with low risk high reward and that I killed it and profited from the recession.  Any experience like that makes you feel smart and it’s hard to resist that feeling.  I became overconfident in my abilities and went on to make what I thought would be brilliant investments that flopped.  A famous investor once said you aren’t as smart as success makes you feel, but you aren’t as dumb as failure would make you believe either.  Market psychology is a powerful thing... I’m glad for everyone that’s had success with bitcoin but there are a lot of people that are getting carried away it’s pretty obvious as an outside observer.
@_date: 2019-02-16 02:34:05
A friend of mine learned how to duplicate the Stone of Jordan in Diablo II before it was widely known this was possible.  He sold them on eBay and made enough money to buy his first car.
@_date: 2019-01-06 13:51:26
I believe in the potential of cryptocurrency... but why bitcoin in particular? What’s stopping another crypto with more features from replacing it?  Is bitcoin a sort of recognized brand name with the first mover advantage?  What does bitcoin have that the others don’t - or why will it continue to be the most important and valuable cryptocurrency?  You can’t create bitcoins on demand like you can fiat currency, but what’s stopping 100 more cryptocurrencies from popping up?  That’s my biggest concern - and I don’t know if there’s real cause for concern but that’s my personal hang up.
@_date: 2018-12-29 15:46:38
The app won’t scan my drivers license for some reason.  It scans the front of it fine then it asks to scan the back and no matter what angle I hold the camera at it won’t scan it