@_author: usoutpost31
@_date: 2017-12-13 23:00:02
What a fucking waste!  You donated millions to meme charities like 'Universal Healthcare'?  HAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHHAAH
@_date: 2017-12-22 11:15:28
You're way ahead of me.  
But it's got a godammned long way to go before I lose my buy-in price...
And did I mention I have recovered 100%+ of my initial?
I'm ridin this bitch.
@_date: 2017-12-22 11:12:38
Shit, I'm all in for profit.  This could drop to $0.0000000001 and it's still a profit.
Hell cryptocoins even just dumped money on me for no good reason I can figure out.  One day I got an email that said "Do steps 1-3, here is more money"  I did those steps: Bang, like tens of thousands of more dollars just appeared on my smartphone?
Who the fuck is not enjoying this?  
@_date: 2017-02-07 17:51:08
Thread so old, but...  
Do you believe the money would flow through BTC?  I seriously doubt that.  The US has already gone through Stage 1 of BTC regulation.  
It certainly would increase interest in BTC though.  Like Silk Road did.
@_date: 2017-02-07 17:45:32
Another: Yeah, no.  LOL
@_date: 2017-03-09 14:41:39
Not by me, but that's what I'm experiencing.  
@_date: 2017-03-07 22:21:20
Even 5 years ago I would hand-wave you away as a nut.  
Given the configuration of ignition, throttle, steering, and braking, it would be *impossible* to assuredly cause a car to get out of control.  The experiment done by those two guys and the Jeep is totally invalid.  
That vehicle has a hard mechanical link between steering wheel and the rack, and a hydraulic ps system.  The brakes are mechanically linked, with a booster.  The throttle may be fly-by-wire but there is a mechanical ignition interlock you can control regardless of any computer.  There is a mechanical transmission linkage which can be controlled (put in Neutral) regardless of a computer.  There is a mechanical parking brake independent of the braking system which is completely independent and not electrical at all.  
As of today, the only thing I am sure of is that there is a mechanical rear parking brake on American automobiles.  All other assumptions are off: they in some way can be controlled by computer.  
So now, you're correct.  This is *very* recent on recent new automobiles, though.
@_date: 2017-03-09 14:26:07
I'm pulling my initial investment out.  I have enough to run on profit of there is a moon.  The manufactured squabble has only just begun damage.  
If there was an etf I'd  be shorting my socks off rite now.   
The fork drama has already destroyed BTC as a credible currency.  We have a few bumps to go before the crisis is over.  
@_date: 2017-03-07 22:18:22
It did not based on the mechanical configuration of the car.  Ok, the possibility is vanishingly small. 
@_date: 2017-03-08 01:10:54
Throttle, transmission, and ignition are by-wire with a computer interface an no mechanical or even independent electrical connection not interfaced by a computer.  
Electrical power steering is increasingly controlled by a computer.  Some have variable-effort: the effort of the steering is controlled by a computer.  In these mechanically-linked, variable gear systems, you can only reduce power assist so that the car is difficult to steer.  It *may* be possible to influence steering by providing 'negative-feedback' or pulses of weird assist power to confuse the driver and make the care difficult/impossible to control.  You might do this in conjunction with other inputs like crazy throttle and brake pulses on various wheels.  I.e. you could heavily brake the left front wheel, and power assist to the left rapidly, causing the car to veer left, then lock the rear wheels in a few hundred milliseconds and initiate an uncontrolled spin.  
*Some* systems from Audi and Lexus have no 'real' mechanical linkage between the steering wheel and rack.  There is a 'variable gear' of some type which depends on an electrical motor to engage in a variable way.  It seems possible to actually control the steering on these.  
Now, are these systems able to be influenced from a single or 'workable' multiple points of entry?  Do their OSs have enough variability to be controlled outside of some safety parameters, or even passive safety just given nominal specifications?  Is the network robust enough to carry variables outside of normal 'bandwidth'?  
These are technical problems that would be highly specific to each model of auto.  However, with the resources of a nation-state behind the effort, I see no reason that these cars can't be brought into an uncontrollable situation, *theoretically*.  
If the technology continues apace, without more conservative regulation, I see no reason why a car won't be vulnerable to complete remote control at some point in the near future, *theoretically*.  There is a lot more to 'hacking' than just cracking a code or accessing a comm point of some type.  There are built in limitations due to cost and complexity, regardless of whether the engineers or safety regulators mean to prevent some type of 'hacking'.  
The question then becomes, given the increase of automatic safety features like adaptive braking and lane-change control, and the incipient self-driving mode already featured, and the big efforts by GM and John Deere to 'take control' of the operating software, do automobile manufacturers present a target like we've seen with the Google, FB, MS backdoors?  
The answer has to be yes.  If it is not yes, then our intelligence agencies are incompetent and committing an oversight based on their objectives.  
I'm not saying it's good.  I think this is a firm negative, something I don't usually commit to on reddit.  There should be no way for a manufacturer or government or any entity to control an automobile outside of a normal human's capacity to mechanically control an automobile at base 1969-level (as an example of a mechanical car).  
This is a regulation issue that needs to be addressed.
@_date: 2017-01-25 02:26:59
I'm beginning to think so!  
This will show up on wired or buzzfeed or something.  Guarantee it.  
@_date: 2017-01-25 02:26:22
@_date: 2017-01-07 15:13:50
RemindMe! 24 hours
@_date: 2017-01-10 01:48:50
Pretty clearly a money-laundering operation for OP's grow but I wasn't gonna say it first, haha.  
But you notice something about these weeders.  Not that all Weeders are this way, just the ones who think they're smart.  They're smart to people who are *high*.  
Not to us, haha.
@_date: 2017-01-11 01:58:54
I'm still interested.
@_date: 2017-01-25 03:09:12
Trying to start a business which I'm not going to reference with this account.  No thank you, too many inflammatory posts everywhere around reddit.  
As a method of attracting attention and controversy, you're pretty good.  That's expensive equipment with lots of investment in that shed.  I know LEDs have come down in price but someone went whole-hog with that setup and the economics do not make sense for food that has to be transported cool (I know a thing or two about Logistics.)  
You, maybe your dad, someone, has convinced somebody to buy premium-priced food based on Green Energy and something else.  Another thing: growing sterile is just asking for disasters.  Plants are life, they grow best with a microherd, and the Organic Dope Growers already have that figured out.  
To me, this looks like a low-headroom grow op.  But, all I've done is peruse the grow forums years ago.  If it's dope, it makes economic sense.  Nothing else does.  Which I think might be part of the hesitation on your part to reveal too much more.  
You claimed to be running a current BTC mining farm with solar energy in CA.  Then you said there were only a few miners thrown in and now that makes more sense.  Recuping cost on some downtime/surplus makes sense.  Making profit doesn't really, and the math on mining is really accessible.  
So, interesting, but about what I expected.
@_date: 2017-01-07 15:16:34
50k a year without a job to go to is a LOT more than 50k/yr from a job, and taxes don't matter either way.  You're paying Cap Gains, Income, *something*.  
@_date: 2017-01-10 01:08:46
Here are the indications that something is going on:  
Calls his business 'biotech' yet clearly is not biotech.  Biotech is about as esoteric as it gets.  It's the same as Computer Tech in 1976 right now.  Clearly OP is not in Biotech, but calls it Biotech for some reason.  Is it nefarious?  Probably not.  If you run a MJ farm you can call it Biotech.  Technically, this is correct.  
Now, does the above mean anything?  No.  But neither does OP's claim of Biotech.  Selling seeds ain't Biotech as he means us to understand it.  Disingenuous off the bat.  
Second, I deal BTC with Chase, BofA, Comerica, Huntington, and Flagstar.  Now, I don't wire to Exchanges from all those, but I personally walk in and make deposits buying BTC from all of those, some multiple times.  The banks don't like it, but they do it.  All have varying degrees of regulation when depositing into someone else's account, usually a business account is required and then some form of ID or credential from the Depositor is required.  
*Anyone who deals BTC knows this*.  
Third, OP claims he had problems at one bank, then repeated the situation and ran into problems at the next bank.  He ain't going to be in business long, he is into something illegal, or he is making up a story for some reason, I am guessing right now as a shill for some BTC-based app which will exchange BTC (for a small fee) above and beyond what you can already do.  
Fourth, OP claims to be 'running a mining operation in the Southern CA Desert.'  Hmmm.... nahhhhhh.  Nope.  He doesn't.  You run a mining operation in one of a very few locations in the US, and you are currently opening shop in China.  *Everyone who has been in BTC for a while knows this*.  
Fifth, everything you said about banks and fucking around stands.  *Everyone who has had a business account at a commercial, retail, or CU bank knows what you said is true.*  
Sixth, Chase is the bank which takes pains to take every State's EBT deposits, welfare deposits, VA deposits, SSI deposits, because they are mass-scraping pennies out of retail banking right now.  Chase is *the* generic go-to bank for small-time retail transactions because that's their business model, right now, and it hasn't changed.  I just dealt with Chase a few days ago and they are the same Chase they were in 2009 when they went basement retail.  Chase will send money to the Zetas right now if they can get a 0.0001% fee off it.
Epic shitpost by OP but interesting to talk about nonetheless.  
Kid shitpost for kids, and you nailed it.  
Or, OP is a Bitcoin-mining-in-Southern-California Tycoon with special ties to the PG&amp;E for special rates on Electrons who is also a nascent Biotech Billionaire with VC from 23andme and Elon Brin, the famous Moon Millionaire who is funding a Bitcoin-Biotech Incubator from the Mountains of Madness.  
Or, shitpost.  
You make the call.  
BTW, I have 1.0057 BTC for sale for $1676 right now if you think OP isn't a cistern overflowing with turds.
@_date: 2017-08-30 22:07:46
All I can say is I am getting out of it all, due to the *extreme* difficulty in getting money out of BTC.
My BTC is sitting on bitquick right now, no one buying.
Crypto itself is a scam when you can't even make any exchanges at all.
@_date: 2017-01-25 02:18:52
I think you're the guy I wrote a big response to ridiculing the idea of a solar BTC mining op, and your 'BioTech Biz'.  
If so, I stand corrected!  Course I wouldn't bet anything.  
If this is a marketing ploy for whatever you are attempting to get VC for, good job!  
Was that you?  Cause if so, you have my apologies.  When I'm wrong I'm wrong.  I feel you trolled us a bit with those comments, though.  
Edit:  Nope, you're full of shit.  I'm not corrected.  Nice marketing drama though.
@_date: 2017-01-08 20:49:31
RemindMe! 48 hours
@_date: 2017-09-20 09:22:05
The PRC wants to dominate crypto, seems obvious enough and is well talked-about.  
@_date: 2017-05-13 19:14:01
If you've been down that rabbit hole, then you should have the answer.  
The USD, or any currency used as a convenient international ruler, is a convenient and efficient informal agreement to trade goods and services.  The US could make all kinds of laws about how the world must use a 'Petrodollar', and even take out Dictators like Quack-daffi and whatnot, and if the other big economies didn't want to follow, they wouldn't, and the USD would be destroyed.  
But they don't do that.  
The US is not actually holding a military stick over Russia, China, the EU, Japan, etc.  Those nations agree to a USD standard for a variety of reasons (that's another rabbit hole).  
If the explanation wasn't boring and well-known... then this 'Fiat sucks muh crypto hue hue hue' bullshit would actually be real.  
As it is now, it's just one of many segments of freaks, geniuses, idiots, hopeful wisers, and other scum who invest in BTC, like myself.  
The 'Petrodollar' idiots are just like the old '100mpg Carbuerator' idiots from the 1970s.  They're not quite as dumb as 'The Earth is Hollow and Inhabited by Nazis' psychotics.  More like 'I'm Just Smart Enough To Fuck Up My Computer But Good' idiots.
@_date: 2017-05-20 10:56:34


Uhhh, diamonds have been a 'fad' for a good couple-thousand years.  
Diamond Jim Brady was a Gilded Age tycoon.  
Diamonds probably reached their peak 'real' value around 1910.  In 1850, a diamond is a no-joke rare piece if it's large and high-quality.  
By the time you got steam drilling and mining equipment and dynamite, not so true.  
@_date: 2017-06-06 01:26:04
It'll only take him 2 years and $587,000 in transaction fees to sell half of it.