@_author: utilid2
@_date: 2017-01-31 00:23:50
Litecoin blockchain consists of a cricket riding atop a tumbleweed...it's purpose is to be bought and sold against bitcoin on an exchange... it doesn't actually need a blockchain to do this.
Bitcoin has a testnet, segwit doesn't need to run on a 'live' system for a bounty. The whole purpose of this thing is to fool people into buying litecoins.. I must advise against being the greater fool here...
0 day exploits are often kept for the right time or the right price... potentially exploitable segwit transactions on a network with no volume is peanuts compared to a network like bitcoin with full blocks... think about it... the incentive is not there to use a potential exploit on litecoin...
@_date: 2017-01-31 00:24:27
Viabtc used defective spy mining (also called validationless mining and SPV mining) software which used the block height of the prior block in their coinbase, which is a violation of BIP34.
The interesting thing about that is that mining a single block on testnet or regtest would have shown that the code was wrong.
@_date: 2017-01-31 00:22:54
I'll vote for whichever political party is against this law.
Also, if they want to force us to use banks for basic needs (like buying food), then service should be totally free of charge. No account maintenance, CC anual fee, transaction fee, no nothing.
I belive they know as well that this is wrong and that majority of people don't want this so I'm wondering why they are pushing it? Is there a crush due so they want to trap us in the system when it breaks? Is it a control? Is it that they don't want to have any base money in system? Is it really because of the taxes?
@_date: 2017-01-31 00:23:47
Accidental fork would be rejected without doubt or glitch by todays economic full nodes. It may present a danger to SPV (smartphone) clients of today though. Their model could do with improvement. Some wallets today have a better model which is a semi-trusted fullnode maintained by the wallet author, spot checked with p2p fullnodes. Some connect to a few p2p fullnodes and could be chance be surrounded by invalid block accepting nodes and provided information showing them transactions that may never be accepted on the main chain. In the chaos some may seek to defraud SPV users via multiple confirmation double-spends.