@_author: utis_khan
@_date: 2017-12-11 14:41:35
I like that people understand that bitcoin is pretty worthless. At least some people.
Everything you said is spot on. To add to that, most of the arguments for bitcoin are actually arguments for cryptocurrency in general. Cryptocurrency is a great technology and it is almost certainly here to stay. But bitcoin looks more like the prototype than the real deal.
The entire idea that money doesnt need to be backed is entirely fine. But a currency that is backed by something is always going to be stronger than one that isnt. This is the key to the future and why I believe bitcoin will inevitably crash.
The US constitution has rules on who can print money. It says that basically a federally controlled centralized institution is the only thing that can print money for the US. The importance here is that a major government is interested in who is allowed to print money and they dont like it when they dont have control over it. Its a bit of a stretch,  but bitcoin can be considered unconstitutional and illegal in the US because the federal government doesnt have control over who prints it. It makes sense really, its not like you can demand anyone to take your japanese yen or euro in the US and that makes the market stable. In the early days of the US banks and states all over the country issues their own currency and that caused an unstable market with constant fluctuations. It looks similar to what is happening with all the different cryptocurrencies available today. So the government banned all Banks and states from printing their own money and started the US mint (im really glossing over this detail). All of those random bank and state currencies then became worthless.
The same thing is going to happen to bitcoin. The focus as to bitcoin becoming a viable currency is its adoption by society. People think that US banks will one day do transactions in bitcoin. But why shoukd the chosen currency be bitcoin? Well it wont for the same reason that the US government  doesnt let just anybody print money. The government wants to control the money supply as it sees fit and it has absolutely zero control over bitcoin.
So how would the US use this new found technology called cryptocurrency? It would develop its own cryptocurrency backed by the US government. Lets pretend this cryptocurrency is called the Amero and It enters the market replacing the dollar. You cN exchange all your current dollars for ameros and gain all of the benefits of a cryptocurrency.
Well where does that leave bitcoin, an unbacked rogue currency that is moslty used for darknet purchases. Well it leaves it in the trash. One BTC could be selling for $10,000,000 and it would crash to pennies overnight as everyone begins panic selling in order to convert into a governnent backed cryptocurrency. 
And that is really the future of bitcoin. The instant any government issues its own cryptocurrency bitcoin is going bye bye
