@_author: utopiancomplex
@_date: 2014-11-24 23:18:46
Parody falls under fair use and lets you break copyright.  This isn't a slam dunk as falling in that however because it is promoting Bitcoin.  I honestly think it would fair better if it had a multitude of free ways to transfer money... like bitcoin, google wallet, doge coin, snapchat, square cash... as it would not be promoting just one.  However it might be okay as is.
@_date: 2014-06-10 01:36:27
Okay, so I like lowering transaction costs, and I like the Coase theorem.
However the point of the Coase theorem is that transaction costs DO exist, and when they exist the most efficient outcome will not be the one that occurs.  Even if legal costs go to zero, and financial transaction costs go to zero, you still have time costs for making the decision.  If you get rid of these time costs then the person is no longer a rational actor as their is no way they will ever have anything close to perfect information.
Additionally won't their be strategic concerns to having an issue where one person is doing something that hurts 1,000,000 people very slightly?  If you use the Kickstarter method, which is very in line with the Coase theorem, (produce something where everyone can pitch in what it is worth to them), How do you prevent free riders from not accepting the settlement not because they do not see the value but because they suspect others will do it for them?
Here is an example: Currently when a new grocery store or high traffic building is constructed the city charges them to update the road intersection and build a traffic light or whatever is necessary. Cities generally place this cost as conditional to the permit to build on the developer.  How does this cost get allocated under a decentralized system where transaction costs are assumed zero?  
I think even a simple every day transaction like this becomes a complex web of collective action problems very quickly.
@_date: 2014-06-10 00:48:04
When people say this at first I assume they mean it is akin or analogous to theft.  However the fact that you keep repeating this as a literal statement makes me feel the need to push.
How is it theft?  Theft's definition requires that it be against the law.  Taxation is legal. It can be wrong, it can be bad, it can be like 'theft' but it is not literally theft as it is legal, and theft by definition is not legal.
@_date: 2014-05-04 23:21:23
That is interesting, and I like the way you described currency as a loan.  However I still don't understand how even thinking about it this way it isn't a problem if it is the best interest of everyone to sit on cash.  That seems inherently problematic at its core.
Even if you are right and deflation is the market determined interest rate for low risk loans, I don't see how that changes the fears of what deflation could do to people stopping spending. Whether or not you can philosophically excuse deflation is a completely different matter than whether it is disruptive or not to the economic system.
I don't think this makes bitcoin bad, it just means that it is destined to be a commodity not a currency.
@_date: 2014-11-25 19:54:30
i just saw this comment.  Fair use is an affirmative defense for copyright claims.  When your quote says ordinarily, it means when there are not exceptions.  The largest of these exceptions is Fair Use.
Like I said, this isn't a slam dunk for being parody or satire that would be protected.  
There is also a long line of case law surrounding comparative advertising and what is and is not okay when doing this.  From the little bit I read to write this comment this sounds like a grey area that could go either way.  I am sure there are  cases directly on point that would give a better answer than that, but it definitely isn't crazy to think it might be protected.
@_date: 2014-05-04 19:02:48
If Bitcoin were the only used currency, and not treated as a commodity as it is now, and hits its limit in amount that can exist, won't a deflationary spiral take place?
Also, don't we want dollars to devalue over time?  Isn't that good in that it encourages spending and consumption by encouraging investment into non-currency.  If we got into a deflationary spiral because there were no new bitcoins, it would make everyone want to hold onto their money and not spend because their value would likely go up over time.  This was part of the problem with Gold and Silver as well.
And how can he say gold and silver hold their value over time, show me the gradual chart of the value of the dollar going down over time, and I can respond with a chaotic chart of gold jumping and dipping all over the place.
I think crypto currency is great, but I really think that the gold bug economics behind bitcoin will lead to it's demise.
@_date: 2014-06-26 18:13:16
Yeah!  Why didn't they use generic corporate speak and sound nice while not saying anything!