@_author: utosu86
@_date: 2013-04-10 23:43:56
Coins just came through and as I expected....they fucked me
 - No explanation for the additional transaction fee that was taken out of my deposit
 - Charged the rate last night of $238 despite not being able to effectively use them until this very moment
 - No apology or acknowledgement of the problem via email or here
 - No compensation for costing me thousands of dollars
Fuck you guys, you outright scammed people into believing you were something you weren't, and it seems never will be: a reputable company.
@_date: 2013-04-14 02:35:31
Still no response from these con artists. 
I did get a nice email telling me delays and overcharges were "the nature of the beast" with bitcoin and I should expect no correction or compensation to my account...
@_date: 2013-04-10 20:43:37
That's great, but they shouldn't have marketed themselves as what they were if they weren't ready for the big leagues. Feels like they wanted to jump in on the mania, and lied/exaggerated to gain business before they were ready.
I wouldn't be so upset if they had at least said SOMETHING to me in the past 2 days. Even if they couldn't resolve it, an email saying "hey man, we know we cost you thousands of dollars, our bad, we'll work on it and throw in an extra coin for the delay," would have went a long way.
Sorry if this sounds dramatic, but losing money is frustrating :(
@_date: 2013-04-11 20:12:47
Yep, appears they may have not been just under prepared, but an outright scam. If they're not, then whoever is being paid to handle complaints on here is doing a piss poor job and should be fired.
In the thread this idiot starts, multiple people have outright accused them of deception and theft, and this guy doesn't respond for 22 hours.
Still no contact, whether an apology/explanation/compensation through here, email, or their livechat feature.
Until I see some sort of attempt to reconcile these issues with me and others on here, I will do my best to spread the word about these con artists. I hope others do the same
@_date: 2013-04-11 20:09:47
I've contacted them through there, as well as multiple other avenues. No response.
I am starting to believe Bitinstant is not just under prepared, but perhaps an outright scam. There was additional money missing from my purchase that they thus far refuse to explain.
If Bitinstant wants to help resolve this matter, perhaps I'll recant my position. Until then, I will do my best to spread the word here and other forums I'm a member of, that they appear to be con artists.
@_date: 2013-04-18 05:04:34
I private messaged you my order details and other specifics.
@_date: 2013-04-11 20:52:26
Charlie, you're a con artist and a coward. Go fuck yourself.
@_date: 2013-04-19 03:47:43
Just so everyone knows, I contacted the bitinstant rep on this thread about an issue I was having. Specifically, that additional fees were taken from my deposit above what was posted on their website, and that there was a long delay in receiving my coins yet I was charged the price at the time I sent the Moneygram.
He dodged the question about the missing money(I even gave a breakdown of exactly what dollars I thought were missing above their posted fees to make the question as simple as possible) by saying "a new website will be up to explain that soon." And then asked me to file an official support claim for the issue I have already filed about a dozen requests about.
These people are not interested in helping reddit users, they're interested in pretending to appease us to, momentarily at least, contain the large amount of negative reviews they're receiving.
@_date: 2013-04-11 00:37:44
Yes, in addition to the 3.9% and the moneygram/zipzap fee, there is just random money missing from the final total. I emailed and contacted "livechat" about this immediately after the transaction and have yet to hear anything about it, much less what they're going to do to compensate me for not having access to my coins like I was supposed to during the ups and downs of today yet STILL being charged the price when I sent the moneygram.
I'm sure there are those in worse shape, so sorry if I'm being dramatic. But to not even be contacted with an update on the status/apology/much less compensation for their lies is so insanely frustrating. 
@_date: 2013-04-10 22:07:19
You've got to be kidding. You have time to post in here because people start giving you bad public reviews, but haven't responded to my email and livecontact messages for days?
The delay in receiving my bitcoins in my wallet has cost me significant amounts of money due to my inability to sell off, and they have not even attempted to reach out and apologize, much less try and solve it or compensate me for their error.
@_date: 2013-04-17 23:20:02
I have been in contact with a member of your support staff named Seth, who condescendingly told me delays were "the nature of the beast" with bitcoin and I should expect no correction or compensation to my account.
I have asked him three times now about what the extra charges to my account were for and he has yet to even address that specific question despite finding the time to reply to my other concern. Which is that despite being charged the price of btc at the time I sent the moneygram, I did not receive them until a day later when of course the price had already fallen $100+
@_date: 2013-04-19 03:48:48
Just so everyone knows, I contacted the bitinstant rep on this thread about an issue I was having. Specifically, that additional fees were taken from my deposit above what was posted on their website, and that there was a long delay in receiving my coins yet I was charged the price at the time I sent the Moneygram.
He dodged the question about the missing money(I even gave a breakdown of exactly what dollars I thought were missing above their posted fees to make the question as simple as possible) by saying "a new website will be up to explain that soon." And then asked me to file an official support claim for the issue I have already filed about a dozen requests about.
These people are not interested in helping reddit users, they're interested in pretending to appease us to, momentarily at least, contain the large amount of negative reviews they're receiving
@_date: 2013-04-17 04:44:02
You overcharged me, have yet to respond to THREE separate emails asking for an explanation about why there was additional money taken out of my deposit as a fee above the posted rate, and best of all, ou or your rep told me in an email that delays were "the nature of the beast" with bitcoin and I should expect no correction or compensation to my account.
You have a pattern of starting these threads, crediting a few people, acting like everything is alright, then disappearing. See the thread you started last week where everyone is basically pointing out that you're a con artist that you ran away from and have yet to respond to.
AGAIN, FOR ANYONE SKIMMING, WARNING, DO NOT FALL FOR BITINSTANT'S SCAM. THEY OVERCHARGE, AND DO NOT GET YOUR COINS TO YOUR WALLET NEAR THEIR CLAIMED TIME. THEIR CUSTOMER SERVICE ALSO EITHER IGNORES YOUR REQUESTS, OR IS OUTRIGHT DISRESPECTFUL WHEN THEY DO RESPOND.