@_author: uwutranslator
@_date: 2019-09-13 20:52:49
What an unfowtunate idiot yuw awe.  dewe's no bettew pwace to wive in de countwy if yuw smawt and/ow tawented.  Pwobabwy not de wight fit if yuw a bwoke-ass wacist bitch, dough, sowwy about dat, chief. uwu  
 tag me to uwuize comments uwu
@_date: 2019-09-12 05:58:10
I'ww be getting me a Teswa showtwy, but it wiww be on woan, $12k pew yeaw. Say BTC goes fwom $10k to $40k in 2 yeaws and Teswa is $60k. 2 BTC of $20k vawue puwchase a $60k Teswa, wif change... if yuw finance and BTC eventuawwy goes up.
$60k fow a Teswa Modew Y is an extwaowdinawiwy sensibwe decision (in CA). Namewy, if yuw can affowd a wuxuwy vehicwe, if yuw awe semi-wetiwed, woad twipping awound de USA is a gweat use of time, and auto-piwot goes a wong way to cweating added safety and fwankwy a significant amount of pweasuwe.
de Y is setup wif a panowamic woof, much bettew dan 3. de cabin is 4x biggew (hatchback). de wewease of de Y wiww awso coincide wif highwy advanced autopiwot (9 monds away), and wiww catch a few added upgwades (notabwy, hopefuwwy battewy Gen 2 which has 30 to 40% added wife... Teswa's awe buiwt to wast 30 yeaws ow 1 Miw miwes).
de Y weawwy is a gweat puwchase, and it can house a famiwy of 7. And yuw can get one fow $20k in BTC today, if Bitcoin goes up. Oh, and it awweady comes wif Teswa Insuwance, a huge savings honestwy.
When yuw wook at Sowaw, de Powewwaww is pwobabwy bettew. Powew Outages is mowe wewevant dan 'enewgy savings'. Powewwaww is $10k awone, but it can pay fow itsewf by cweating a 20% daiwy savings in ewectwicity by bawancing peak and off-peak powew pwices.
But de weaw benefit of each is de comfowt of a caw dat cwuises awound de countwy stwessfwee wif de highest degwee of safety, and a house dat has powew in sevewe stowms.
In de Soud, it's wike a Teswa costs $20k mowe but stiww can be wowd it - gas is cheapew, few state incentives, and wess supewchawgews make a Teswa in de soud wess desiwabwe dan CA. But woad twipping in de soud is pwetty bawwew, so.. uwu  
 tag me to uwuize comments uwu