@_author: uxnomad
@_date: 2017-12-20 13:38:11
Yes, it’s true. 
They left the price of BCH on the GDAX exchange side at $9500.
It still says that now.
Trading is still suspended, however, on the GDAX home page BCH is $0.
The motivations seem obvious to me.
Social engineering and market manipulation at its finest.
Follow the volume.
BCH trading on GDAX crashed and was suspended at that price at 8:30AM Beijing Time, 9:30AM Tokyo/ Seoul/ Beijing time.
What a coincidence.
Everyone in Asia is at their desk and ready to pile money in the game.
Aside from the coordinated attack, the 9500 BCH GDAX price sitting open, fueling further speculation in Asia.
Coinbase retail folks may end up picking up the slack and getting dumped on.
This is an irresponsible, reckless and possibly criminal rollout by Coinbase.
There’s ZERO education or proper user on-boarding of BCH on their site. All the retail money piling into Coinbase must be utterly confused. 
I can see new retail investors piling into BCH thinking they are buying “Bitcoin”, BTC.
I wouldn’t be surprised if people buy BCH and send it off exchange to BTC wallets.
And, there’s a strong possibility there will be a lot of retail investors burned and left holding the bag on this one.
Then there’s Brian Armstrong’s hollow shat out crisis relations firm doctored Medium article regarding Coinbase’s “Employee Purchase Policy” - this hit at 2:30AM EST:
“The policy prohibits employees and contractors from trading on “material non-public information”, such as when a new asset will be added to our platform. In addition to trading restrictions, it prohibits communication of material non-public information outside the company. This includes to friends and family.”
Ok everyone, so, don’t do it. ;)
How is that enforced and tracked exactly?
Details please.
What a load of corporate mouthpiece bullshit.
The mere secrecy and games behind the rollout dates fuel acting against this policy even more.
All the API and on site smoke signal shit they’re doing to further fuel speculation on coin additions is reckless, irresponsible and destructive to the overall arc of this movement.
Clearly, Coinbase are acting with malicious, self-serving, hostile intent.
They’re now a serious fail point in this movement.
If retail investors pile up BCH and get dumped on, this could spark a large regulatory overplay and damage the movement.
Finally, people dump on the common person, the retail investor just getting in, if this movement is going to go anywhere, it takes all.
This kind of bullshit seriously dampens retail enthusiasm.
So yeah, fuck those crooks at Coinbase and fuck the ideological BCH clown squad who all may put a serious dent in the adoption rate of the inevitable and no, I don’t mean just BTC. That’s the gateway drug.
Make it a movement.