@_author: uytiutyiuy
@_date: 2016-03-10 13:58:55
The bitcoin magic is losing its Midas touch
Henry Farrell
The currency’s advocates are right: money is a confidence trick, a form of frozen desire, writes Henry Farrell
A collection of bitcoins stand in this arranged photograph in London, U.K., on Friday, Jan. 29, 2016. The International Monetary Fund extolled the potential benefits of virtual currencies and said they warrant a more nuanced regulatory approach, at a time when the future of bitcoin, the most well-known example, is in doubt's. Bitcoin traded at about $379 on Jan. 20, about a third of its peak in 2013. Photographer: Chris Ratcliffe/Bloomberg©Bloomberg
itcoin, the decentralised, mainly digital currency that is neither issued nor guaranteed by central banks, has always seemed like a magic trick. Rather than spinning straw into gold it transforms wasted computing power into money that people will actually accept as payment.
Radical libertarians have desperately wanted to believe in it because they hope it can resolve the following dilemma. They prefer markets to politics and they violently distrust states. But modern states in effect have a monopoly over the currencies that markets need in order to work.
ON THIS TOPIC
Inside Business Digital world faces two key tests
Bitcoin threatened by software schism
Masters’ blockchain start-up raises $50m
Use bitcoin technology for NHS, expert says
IN OPINION
Law and Justice rewrites Polish history
In praise of power stations
Meghan O’Sullivan Saudi oil policy
Robert Manning China, US and North Korea
Bitcoin, if it became broadly accepted, would challenge states’ dominance of the economy. It is designed to prevent monopoly by states or other entities, building a new currency based on shared information and making it hard for any entity to gain control. Politics disappears and a combination of technology and cryptographic proofs is conjured up in its place.
Unfortunately, the magic is wearing off. Some of the technological innovations associated with bitcoin will stick around. The political project will not. Rather than overcoming conventional politics, bitcoin is succumbing to it.
The biggest fights are focused on the most innovative element of bitcoin: the “blockchain”. This is a decentralised ledger of transactions using bitcoin. Bitcoin “miners” compete with one another to solve computationally hard problems. The winner receives new bitcoin but also validates a “block” of queued transactions, which is then added to the ledger and shared with the community.
This system was designed to replace third-party regulation with decentralised authority. For technical reasons, it is starting to fail. Each block is small, meaning the system can handle only a few transactions at a time. As more people have started to use bitcoin, the system has grown more unreliable.
The problem is that coming up with a fix requires political agreement. Because there is no centralised authority within bitcoin, there is no one who can impose a mandate. Bitcoin’s creator, the pseudonymous Satoshi Nakamoto, apparently vanished years ago, leaving big decisions to an increasingly quarrelsome community.
Some influential members of the bitcoin network want to change the currency’s protocols to make the blocks bigger so that more bitcoin are released at one time, speeding up transactions. Others have responded with outrage, claiming that this would destroy bitcoin. A fundamental change to the protocol would “fork the chain”, potentially creating two different currencies with irreconcilable records, one for those who embraced the fix and another for those who refused it.
Others want instead to move crucial parts of transaction handling away from the block chain, relying more on “side chains”. Again, this idea is disputed: side chains could turn bitcoin’s unified approach into a stew of quasi-compatible proprietary solutions.
The leading proposal to fork the chain would require 75 per cent of the bitcoin network to agree to the proposal before it was fully implemented. However, no one is empowered to stop people from swaying opinion in illegitimate ways. Companies that favour changing the protocol, such as Coinbase, a bitcoin “wallet” and exchange business, have been targeted by distributed denial of service attacks intended to knock their servers off the internet. People on both sides have withdrawn from the bitcoin network after receiving threats.
Technology: Blockchain key
 
Financial groups race to harness the power of the bitcoin infrastructure to slash costs
This free-for-all demonstrates the main problem of technological libertarianism. It does not escape politics but temporarily displaces and conceals it. As bitcoin has become more successful, it has also become potentially more lucrative. Ideology is giving way to fights over who gets what. And it turns out that libertarians are not very good at figuring out how to resolve these political clashes.
As these fights become more publicly visible, they will hurt bitcoin outside its core base of enthusiasts. The advocates of bitcoin got one thing absolutely right. Money is a confidence trick, a form of “frozen desire”, as the writer James Buchan describes it. We only believe in it because everyone else believes in it. So if bitcoin believers believed hard enough, and convinced other people to believe, they had a shot at making it generally accepted.
That is now going to be far harder. The apparent value of bitcoin depends on a suspension of disbelief. It is hard to see how the illusion can work when the magicians are punching each other out on stage.
The writer is associate professor of political science and international affairs at George Washington University