@_author: vaginabutterflies
@_date: 2017-12-08 01:34:04
Oh yes, I plan on getting into it still with a partial coin;  I just really really wanted to be able to still buy a full coin.  Just sucks/is awesome at the same time how fast the shit is rocketing up now.
Sucks cause I own nothing, awesome cause I knew I Was right about at least one thing in life.  That bitcoin would be a great investment.
Side note, a few of my friends I talked to about bitcoin before it was even close to this high all brushed me off as some idiot druggie (Well I added the idiot druggie part, I'm sure they just didn't trust my investment advice, even though I Told them to read into it themselves.) who are now calling me telling me about it and saying how they want to invest now, but don't know how.  
@_date: 2017-12-08 01:22:24
17.5 k  Was higher before, I'm so disappointed in myself for never investing still since I'm now unemployed and was addicted to heroin for years.  
I really feel like I missed out on my opportunity, I'll never be able to afford a full bitcoin at this rate.
@_date: 2017-12-11 21:04:21
Clearly about semantics of church/temple.  This is still reddit, after all.
@_date: 2017-11-09 23:41:37
I'm an idiot, I thought the whole keeping bitcoin on an exchange was the same as like a wallet/key thing?  I'm kind of just starting to read into all of this because I'm kicking myself in the ass for not investing fucking years ago (mainly due to being a fucking opiate addict up until recently, and that is where all that money went.)  trying to find something so when I do take the plunge (thinking in the next few weeks, gotta pay bills and shit before I can invest anything in anything) to store somewhere safe, I also didn't like the whole idea of an exchange holding my shit, but I thought it was the only option.  Something that made me backout a bit ago when I was sober for a bit was whenever Mtgox happened, that scared me off.  But I've been lead to believe exchanges aren't the only ways of storing your coins.
If there is a thread you could point me in, I'm just about to read the sidebar and double check (I Think I checked it before, but I'm not positive) and see if there is anything that may answer my question.  I constantly get pointed in the direction of coinbase, which I'm fairly certain is an exchange.
EDIT:  I'm even more dumb than I originally thought.  Sidebar has this information.
@_date: 2017-11-10 03:10:31
Thanks.  I like how you edited my post(well your quote of my post) to say dumberer, when I didn't.
Also trying to stick with the whole not doing opiates thing.  Doing fine thus far, thank you for the well wishes.
@_date: 2017-05-20 16:53:30
Not parent here.  I wanted to get in around $40ish when I first found out and researched it.  Didn't, drug addictions put priorities in funny places.  Still haven't gotten in, regretting all of the times I've had chances to get in when it was below $1000 but kept putting it off.  Now no money to spare, I feel this will be one of those major "what the fuck was I thinking and why didn't I follow through buying up shit every check like I initially intended when I saw the value they could have" type of things.
@_date: 2017-05-21 05:57:16
I did first hear about bitcoin in relation to silk road, but I felt there was more potential to it than just for drug transactions on the darknet.  Especially since I do believe I had seen legit businesses already adopting it online at that point.  Not sure if my timeline is right but that legit business thing may have been one of the times it jumped up and I kicked myself for not investing sooner, I do that every time it jumps up though.
@_date: 2017-05-21 05:55:46
I don't feel as bad now (I'd italicize the as but don't know how to on reddit.) at least there's another person who could have gotten in and would have made bank for it.