@_author: vagrant_charlatan
@_date: 2018-01-17 17:14:27
Fair enough, I just think that high negative vector needs to be taken in context with the high positive vector that immediately proceeded it. We're obviously in a highly volatile position right now with new money, more media exposure, and easy on-ramps for both long and short positions in both traditional and retirement accounts.  
A long view will always capture the most investors possible. Anyone that invested more than 2 months ago is still over 25% in the green, that's very significant considering how long Bitcoin has been trading for. Also market cap doesn't equal amount invested. For $2 million right now you could raise the price on GDAX by $148. Of course arbitrage would likely bring that down a little, but at the same time people are irrational so it could spur a similar price increase in other markets if people think the U.S. is buying up. That $148 change in price is a $2.5 *billion* change in market cap that only cost $2 *million* of buying up limit sells. 
@_date: 2018-01-25 18:03:12
I honestly believe Lightning will be actually "released" this year, I'm just saying it's not "ready" right now and there is no guarantee it will be released this year, especially considering we've been hearing "soon" for years now. The devs themselves state they still lose money in instances, which is obviously completely unacceptable.  
As far as Schnorr, I'm just trying to put it in perspective compared to Lightning. Do you feel it's closer or farther away than Lightning?
@_date: 2018-01-18 19:23:12
Investing 101 would tell you portfolio and asset class diversification as well as hedging are important. A small investment in Bitcoin is not stupid. 
@_date: 2018-01-17 15:23:27
Shorting Bitcoin is so much dumber than buying Bitcoin, the downside is unlimited and we're talking about an asset that regularly has 500% gains. The market can stay irrational longer than you can stay solvent, just ask the guys that shorted in November's bull run, they're still in the red. You must have been sweating bullets at 20K lol, this crash came just in time. I hope you're hedged. If not, make sure you are next time.
@_date: 2018-01-25 06:33:26
Of course there are speculators in the market. As far as price, volume is now as high as $10-$20 billion USD changing hands every day through Bitcoin. You know how much PayPal processes a day? $1B. Venmo is like $60 million. PayPal is valued at $100 billion. $200 billion is tiny for a currency.
Bitcoin's market cap is definitely pumped, but it's not uncommon for revolutionary tech or companies to be valued several times what they should be due to their expected potential. There are thousands of businesses, both small and monstrous in size all based around Bitcoin. The network has value, whether you think its a pack of idiots or not.
@_date: 2018-01-17 15:06:44
Not the worst comparison, but the current "crash" is across the whole crypto market, it's not just affecting the top coin.
@_date: 2018-01-19 18:50:08
No problem, always happy to have civil discussion.


Higher usage of any currency will make the price go higher. You also have to keep in mind that one of the major purposes of Bitcoin is to escape our inflation based economy. It's a currency, a bank account, and a retirement/investment account all at the same time. Bitcoin is deflationary on purpose, people want the money they don't use to go up in value, not stay the same. At peak adoption, think risk free treasury bonds, slow passive income that isn't so high as to prevent you from spending it.  


Again it appears you don't fully understand supply and demand. Aside from the fact you can't just "increase the price", your alternative doesn't make sense because increasing the quantity would decrease the price as there is suddenly more Bitcoin available.  


Who decides how much Bitcoin is available, how do you distribute it? A formula? What happens when the formula issues too much Bitcoin due to some wild swing. How do you know how much Bitcoin will be available in x years? There are so many holes in your idea it's not even funny. This is why none out of the 1,500 cryptocurrencies do anything like this. How do I decide how much 1 BTC is worth right now if I have no idea if there will be 21 million or 21 billion Bitcoin in 2050? 


Dollar value has varied wildly over time, and it's a national currency where the FED's objective of maintaining about 2% inflation is clear and understood by everyone.  


Gold can be mined, but there is a definitive limit to how much is discoverable on earth, which has always factored into its price. It also can't just be instantly mined, it takes a lot of time to extract, refine, then sell.


You don't understand, you can't ever just stop producing Bitcoins, miners would stop mining and the network would cease to function. That's my point, you can increase the supply, but you can't take away coins you've already spit out, and if you issue too few coins, people will stop mining. If demand spiked and the formula doubled the Bitcoin supply, you can't get that Bitcoin back. If suddenly people don't want Bitcoin as much, too bad, the supply is doubled now and the price will severely depress. Also, Bitcoin is distributed to miners, so you'd just be incresing inequality and making the miners richer while making regular Bitcoin holders poorer. If you somehow distributed Bitcoin to all accounts, it'd be meaningless while also making miners stop mining. You don't understand how little this idea makes sense. Fixed supply rates are necessary for *trustless* cryptocurrencies.
The release of new Bitcoin, in order for buyers, sellers, and miners to make the right decisions, needs to be predictable and formulaic. Inserting more chaos into the situation only increases uncertainty and volatility.


Exactly, having a currency with steady inflation like the dollar is pointless.  
Again, what's your formula to somehow produce a perfectly linear price increase for Bitcoin? And how is it better than the current predictable [slow release]( of Bitcoin that everyone can use to decide on the appropriate price?
@_date: 2018-01-24 19:48:03
Sure, want to throw a number out there? Also, what percent of people do you think would pay taxes if it was not legally required?
@_date: 2018-01-24 18:24:14
The government already provides tangible benefits to people. Certainly we would like to reduce waste, but donation based taxes would destroy the government completely. Anyone that proposes a donation based system isn't doing it because they believe it would function better, they propose it because they want to opt out of paying taxes... like everyone else would if such a system existed. Everything else in your comment is mostly unrelated to our tax structure.
@_date: 2018-01-18 21:27:46
I said small investment, anyone that throws their life savings in one basket is an idiot...
Of course it's attracting speculators, you can't kickstart a **global currency** without a meteoric rise in price, which will naturally attract speculators.  
Is Bitcoin overpriced? Hard to say, because part of the inflated price compared to the current state of the technology is due to confidence in the development team and a general belief in the future value of Bitcoin. You know where else we have seen valuations far exceed the true intrinsic value? Facebook, Amazon, Apple, Google, and every other company with high potential but currently low earnings.  
Bitcoin has become more stable over time, as higher price and higher market cap make it more and more difficult for any single person or institution to meaningfully impact the price. Bitcoin is at 2.5% the size of the Gold market, it's still early, it's not hard to see why the price currently fluctuates so much. As it gets closer to Gold, you'll see more stability as the risk of buying or holding Bitcoin decreases (currently obviously high risk).
@_date: 2018-01-17 17:59:32
Yes you can, the liquidity is there in the form of limit buys and limit sells, nevermind the algo traders.   
Look at the depth chart on GDAX, $2M will buy up all the limit orders up to $10,480, unloading $2M will soak up all the buy orders down to $10,000. The orders are already there, they just need to be filled. I've seen whales/institutional investors buy up entire sell walls of over 200 BTC. It happens, as did last night when tons of them sold all at once (and yes, there were buyers ready).
@_date: 2018-01-24 18:21:17


That's your opinion, but there is a need for a global decentralized currency that is not tied to any one particular country over others. There's a need for anonymous, instantaneous, low fee transactions without intermediaries. There's a need for a bank account that can be accessed anywhere in the world with a simple memorized phrase. There's a need for a deflationary currency to protect yourself from the inflation that devalues your money. 
Bitcoin currently doesn't function well as a currency because it is still so young, $200B is tiny compared to the institutions it is intended to work with or replace. That being said, it still does function as a currency, and can even function "well" if you use it in certain ways. For example, several services allow merchants to accept Bitcoin without having to hold Bitcoin, they convert immediately to USD.  
As far as the meteoric rise in price, it's impossible to avoid when you're starting a global currency starting from $0, there's no way around that. Of course it will attract speculators, but the value proposition is still there. Bitcoin may not stay the  cryptocurrency, but cryptocurrency itself is here to stay.
@_date: 2018-01-24 17:38:39
I see where you are going but unfortunately it would never ever in a million years work. Why should you donate if nobody else is, what incentive is there? A general feeling that you are helping the community? No company cares about that, and most people would rationale that people richer than them should pay the taxes since they can afford it. Also not all roads and infrastructure have clear and calculable benefits. If I start a digital company that only remotely employs people outside the U.S., it'll be very easy to convince myself I don't need to donate. At the end of the day, a donation based system would provide significantly less revenue, I'd honestly guess up to 10% of existing revenue max. Our government would crumble.
@_date: 2018-01-17 20:09:34
Speculation is necessary to grow the market rapidly to a point where it will stabilize. By definition a meteoric rise is necessary, how else do you get from $0 to $1M? You think anyone wants to invest in a global currency that will take 40 years to get there? No. Regardless, fixed supply with limited release over time is necessary for both a growing and mature cryptocurrency, supply certainty helps shape demand. Much of the current supply shortage is actually from people holding because they believe in the currency long term. As the price stabilizes at a much higher level, you will see less "holding" and more spending.  
You're assuming demand will continue to skyrocket, but it will taper at higher levels. It can't go on forever. Imagine if gold just started trading for the first time like 4 years ago, would the market be any different? No, you'd have the same volatility all the way up. 
 
We can't introduce a variable supply, that would be insane. **You can't take back coins**, so a sharp decrease in demand like today would cause an even sharper decline due to the overextended supply. 


So what market mechanism do you propose? Be specific, give us a formula. Maybe you should make your own cryptocurrency with said market mechanism. Actually, something already exists. It's called [Tether]( Tether is created or purchased by the Tether company in order to keep the price as close to $1 as possible. It's great for switching between coins or even for working as a bank account or as an actual currency, but you have to trust that Tether is doing what they say they're doing. Hint: a lot of people don't trust them.
As far as supply in-elasticity, the Gold market is doing just fine. Bitcoin is intended as a deflationary currency, though it actually operates as an inflationary currency initially. You do realize Bitcoin is still under $200 billion, right? That's like 2.5% of the size of Gold. We're still in the stage where J.P. Morgan can buy half the limit sells on the market then turn around and dump it at the peak. It's a lot harder to do that at $7.8 trillion like Gold.
@_date: 2018-01-17 15:36:57
That's true, but people are very confident because many of us have weathered far worse crashes in the past, and a good number of us are still very far from being in the red. Crash is relative, we've really only erased one month of gains... and the market is still in its infancy. 
Crypto is here to stay, the cat's out of the bag. Which one will be on top? Who knows, but BTC (and I'd argue ETH) are still the top contenders by a large margin.
@_date: 2018-01-25 17:59:49
Uh we are literally talking about government running off "donated" taxes rather than regular taxing authority. That's the definition of removing the legal requirement to pay taxes. Nobody would donate.  
I'm guessing your original reply was specifically just about taxes being too high right now compared to "what you get", but the comment thread you replied to was discussing a donation based taxation system, which would obviously not work. As far as taxes being too high, hard to say, we have lower taxes than most other countries. Could we be more efficient? Yeah, but government and even businesses will always have some inefficiencies that can't be completely worked out.
@_date: 2018-01-17 18:06:07
There will always be buyers, the question is just at what price will you get out.  
My point was just that market cap does not equal amount invested. You can move the market cap by a multiple of the amount you invest if you're a whale. An easier way to think of it is this: Pretend Bitcoin gets "hacked" and suddenly becomes worthless. Market cap goes to $0.0001, but that doesn't mean there were $170 billion in investments sold. Same for the upside, if there are only buyers and no sellers, the price and market cap will rocket up much faster than the total money invested.
@_date: 2018-01-24 17:15:58
A government running off donations would fall apart immediately. It's also not hard to get people to pay their taxes, even if they have all their money in Bitcoin. Aside from Blockchain analysis, most people have their taxes withheld by their employer. It's also not difficult to tell when someone is underpaying capital gains.  
Taxes are not extortion, they pay for the roads and sidewalks you walk on every day, among 1 million other pieces of infrastructure we take for granted.
@_date: 2018-01-30 17:09:05
Thanks Watson
@_date: 2018-01-17 18:39:32
Uhhhh, I don't think you understand how supply and demand work. Never mind that Bitcoin has a fixed supply with a set inflation rate that eventually tapers into deflation.  


  
If supply keeps decreasing as demand is high and increasing, price will rise meteorically, which seems to be the opposite of what you imply. In fact, that's exactly what has been happening with Crypto. The supply is relatively fixed (BTC has ultimately 21M coins, slow release over next 100 years).  


That's exactly what has happened with Bitcoin, demand repeatedly oversteps supply and then corrects itself, as it did today.  


Uh, what? This is literally babble. Are you saying demand can't increase without an increase in supply? Because that's wrong, things go out of stock for a reason. Are you saying you can't raise demand without an increase in price? It's the other way around, demand increases will increase price, assuming slower supply.  


Duh. Again, how are you supposed to grow a global currency from $0 to $1,000,000 or whatever target without 1) attracting speculators, 2) doing so in a smooth and predictable fashion with minimal volatility? It's impossible. If it's predictably going up, people will overbuy it (as has occured), at which point it will crash to correct.   
Zoom out on Bitcoin and put it on a log scale, the price has been fairly steadily increasing each year despite periodic booms and busts.
@_date: 2018-01-25 16:23:00
Lightning is not "ready" yet though, and there's no guarantee it will be "ready" by the end of the year.  
Are Schnorr signatures scheduled for a particular month or quarter?
@_date: 2018-01-17 15:09:32
Global untethered currencies can't just appear out of thin air at a stable market level, it's impossible. How did you expect this to go down?   
Bitcoin and crypto in general are still very much in their infancy, stability comes at much higher levels where whales and institutional investors can manipulate the market less.
@_date: 2018-01-17 16:39:56
In 2014 from Nov to Jan we saw a 60% decline from peak to trough, then in Nov 2015 it went from 480 to 308 in less than a week. This past January the price went from a peak of 1.2K to 760 in like 10 days, in December we went from 20K to 12K in a week, then back to 16K. Yes this is one of the largest and most rapid declines, but we saw massive increases less than a month ago. I think we're finally seeing the volatility from the new money and futures.   
Two months ago the price was 25% lower than today, gotta put it in perspective. Crypto is crazy volatile, it's why we stress the "don't invest what you can't afford to lose" motto so hard. I consider the money gone, evaporated. If it moons, lucky me. If it disappears, oh well, I'll live. I feel you on the long-term loss holding though, my regular portfolio has a few of those that I still believe will recover. Some did, some won't. I think some Cryptos will never recover, but the market itself is not going away.
@_date: 2018-01-17 16:10:41
The 2013 crash was much worse, and the years since have been littered with 50% gains then 50% declines. We saw massive gains over the last two months, it's not surprising we're seeing such a large pullback after so much new money poured in.
@_date: 2018-01-26 16:00:54
Because it would seriously shorten the life of your PlayStation for negligible gain, while also meaning the game would need to have shite graphics. It would actually be unprofitable with the energy costs of most major cities.
@_date: 2018-01-24 17:20:40
It's almost like high demand correlates with price, and media coverage increases with volatility!
@_date: 2018-01-25 15:55:32
What's the progress been like on Schnorr Multi-Signatures, is this an upgrade we might feasibly see this year? Or is it like Lightning where nobody can even guess.
@_date: 2018-01-17 16:05:19
Likely, though many people shorted CBOE at around 16K on launch day (12/10). The two and three month contracts have not even expired yet.
@_date: 2019-07-17 16:17:55
Okay maybe you are a little racist.
Minorities tend to be poorer on average due to centuries of enslavement, genocide, and systematic oppression, which has led to minimal or no wealth transfer between minority generations up until the most recent few. So yes, I kind of did.
@_date: 2019-07-17 16:41:12
I never said that, you've made a classic straw man argument to feed your prejudice.
Frankly, we don't know what the third world would have been like without slavery and collonialism, they were violently robbed of that opportunity. What we do know, is many of these places were the locations of multiple great empires, where great advancements were made in medicine, engineering, and mathematics that are still used in or influenced modern applications. The modern first world was often the third world during these times. Things could have been different, or maybe not. We'll never know.
@_date: 2019-07-18 00:55:19
Your callous nature is evident in all your interactions, it's easy to see in your post history and in our thread. 
If you're a true christian, as it seems you believe you are, you should worry about how He will look upon that, and your lack of introspection and compassion.
@_date: 2019-07-17 18:48:16
Your posts on black people's intelligence say otherwise.
@_date: 2019-07-29 02:03:23
The poor need every percent they can get in order to drag themselves out of their situation. An extra 1% on Jeff Bezos won't make a difference to him, and would pay for more services than hundreds of working class families. Your view ignores the reality of the situation and the human cost of a tax system tilted towards the rich. I'm not upset at rich people, just the tax structure. I don't see why I should pay a lower percentage of my income than a poor person who needs it more than I do. 
Whether you want a small or big government, some level of public services are required. For that, a percentage system on all benefactors of the service (like well maintained roads) will always be fairest.
@_date: 2019-07-17 22:29:29
Yup, I usually try to keep a cool head, but find it so difficult when you encounter willful ignorance on that level. I also question whether it's possible to make headway with either approach when it comes to certain users. 
Looking at Trump supporters for example, it seems snark and bravado is all that gets across to that group, but it also makes them double down just as often. On the other hand, a softer approach can lead to introspection, but also can get taken advantage of, as they hide the darker rationales behind their beliefs. I used to consider myself Republican pre-Trump, and I now understand how much I used to argue in bad faith. 
Additionally, I find that without bait, they often won't continue the conversation (hence his "Nah" after my earlier comment). It wasn't until I made him upset that the racism really showed. Then again, I probably could have teased that out with a more thoughtful and drawn out approach. Unfortunately, we all have limited time and willpower. I think you handled it well though, I'll try to keep my cool next time.
@_date: 2019-07-30 16:54:42
Incorrect, which according to you makes your entire argument invalid (not how discussions work). The top 10% paid 69% in 2016 - as per multiple articles and the IRS spreadsheets.
More importantly, the IRS notes top 10% *household* income including capital gains was $139K that year, so about $70K each in a household with two workers (the new norm). This is average to above average in high population centers like NYC, SF, LA, etc, and only slightly upper middle class in the south and midwest. It's **far** from rich. You don't break $500K (high paid doctor or lawyer etc.) until you're *past* the top 1% of filers. The 99%, aka below $500K, pay 63% of taxes and the top 95%, aka below 200K, pay 42%.
All of this is tangential though, the tax rate is what matters, as the percent paid by each bracket is more indicative of income inequality than anything else. To understand this, imagine a world less equal than ours, where 5 people controlled 99% of the wealth and income while all others made like $1 a day. Horrible, I know. Would you say the tax system was fair if those 5 were taxed 5%, which amounted to 99% of income taxes, while those with $1 salaries paid 20% or more, but only made up 1% of all taxes paid? I'd hope not.
Your statement was that percent of income is an unfair way to look at taxes, I don't think you've addressed that since. It's pretty obvious to most people that the rich should pay at minimum the same percent as the poor, and ideally (as is the current case) they should pay a higher percentage than the poor. While I think taxes are not high enough in general (on almost all brackets), my original point was not that the rich don't pay taxes at all, just that each percent of taxes paid by the poor is more painful for them than the rich. As we can see from the data, the poor have so little income that they barely contribute at all, which further proves my point that taxes hurt them more than it helps the government. The opposite is the case for the rich, though obviously there are limits, as you mentioned with your 80% hypothetical. People of course disagree on what that limit is.
@_date: 2019-07-17 19:15:16
I explained exactly why your examples were invalid. White people lived in and controlled South Africa as early as the 1650's, while Apartheid ended in 1948. Living in Africa for 3 years, or even a lifetime, does not mean you're incapable of prejudice. Prejudiced people continue to live in and visit the developing world, as do non-prejudiced people.
Centuries of slavery, pillaging, colonization, and control have a much larger effect on the path of a country than the destruction of two cities 75 years ago, and 50 years post industrialization, in a historically more independent and isolated country.
@_date: 2019-07-29 11:39:32
All I was saying is percent is fairer, I didn't say Bezos should pay 80%. I don't know what the perfect scale is, but all else equal, Bezos shouldn't be paying 10% if a guy flipping burgers at mcdonalds has to pay 30% (examples, not actual brackets). That's all I was saying.
It doesn't matter that Jeff started an amazing company, he benefited and continues to benefit from all our services just the same, and so does his company. Many of those benefits, like Houston's great schools, paid for like most things by taxing the rich, are part of why he was able to do what he did. 
A reversed tax bracket system (which we are not far from due to numerous tax loopholes) promotes wealth inequality as it takes more from the poor, who have nothing, and less from the rich, who have everything. It's hard to "pull yourself up by your boot straps" when you can't even afford community college and a single series of xrays can make you miss your rent and spiral into debt. This is compounded over time when the poor have no generational wealth to pass on. Your view of taxing the poor at a higher percent is equivalent to taking the rungs off the bottom of the ladder and putting them at the top. You'll only end up with a handful of super powerful people and a whole country of poor indebted people.
@_date: 2019-07-17 14:44:47
Not saying OP or you are racist, but it doesn't work that way. It would still be racist to walk around a minority neighborhood with a megaphone telling them they're poor, even if it's true.
Edit: nvm, above commenter thinks black people are inferior, per prior posts and convo much farther down.
@_date: 2019-07-18 01:05:25
Yeah, they always throw their hands up and say bye once you've logically cornered them or ask them to explain something that can't be explained without revealing the clear flaws in reasoning (or racism in this case). It's incredibly frustrating. 
I've had some success reducing the discussion to one point at a time, so they are forced to confront the issue. Often though, they'll respond as he did by ignoring what you said and bringing up something else or exiting the conversation.
@_date: 2019-07-28 18:32:54
Percent is the fairer way of looking at it.
Also, many rich people do pay less in dollar terms because they have access to tax havens, tax incentives, and better accountants and representation. For example, there are ways to fudge loss carryforwards to not have to pay taxes for years, which is what trump did.
@_date: 2019-07-17 20:28:29
Thank you. Finally. It saddens me how much racism and misinformation I see in this and other crypto subs.
I mentioned something similar in another comment chain regarding the great discoveries of ancient empires in what are now "developing" countries. I found out I was wasting my time when I saw prior posts from the user where they adamantly claimed black people are less intelligent. You really can't get through to that kind of person with a Reddit comment. They just cherry pick and ignore all context and nuance.
@_date: 2019-07-17 21:23:11
Wow. Just wow. None of that is even remotely comparable, and I suspect you know that. You emanate so much anger and hatred. Do you think Jesus, a poor middle eastern jewish man, would agree with anything you just said? And you think I'm the sinner, the racist? Truly unbelievable, maybe purposeful ignorance. I'm sure the Romans loved talking about how the jewish people were responsible for so much of the crime. Obviously "culture" was the problem. /s
You ignore all context, nuance, and scale. Black people are one of if not the most discriminated against, most enslaved, most oppressed races in human history, and you compare their experience to being a white man in modern Japan? Try being black literally anywhere, including Japan.
You'll cherry pick whatever you can just so you can call them lazy and feel superior, not counting all the advantages you and your ancestors had over them. Black people have excelled amazingly in the face of people like you who call them lazy for not accumulating the wealth and power white people did over thousands of generations in just 4-6 (yes, slavery in the U.S. was that recent). And yes, impoverished people tend to commit more crimes, and are more likely to be convicted. Unbelievable lack of perspective.
@_date: 2019-07-17 17:49:04
Living in Nairobi for 3 years doesn't mean you aren't prejudiced. I've known many a Christian missionary that was prejudiced or even straight up racist, but they felt the work in Africa was their duty or their means to a cosmic reward. **Not saying that's you**, but your comment was incredibly dismissive of the horrors and hindrances inflicted on minorities that stunted growth in the developing world for centuries.
In 1944 we leveled two cities, not the entire country. We didn't enslave them, and they were already an advanced industrial society. You picked the worst possible example. Nevermind that one outlier does not disprove the pattern.
@_date: 2019-07-30 00:39:58
You argued percentage based taxes are less fair, and that it should be looked at in dollar terms. This implied to me that you either feel poor and rich should pay the same dollar amount (so higher % for poor and lower % for the rich), or you feel the rich should pay a lower % of income than the poor (this is called a regressive tax system for a reason).
I know plenty of rich people too and most don't pay anywhere near that much, especially not the ultra wealthy. Effective tax rates are much lower than the brackets, often topping at 30%. It's not hard to get deductions when you have cash for a good accountant, and stock compensation isn't taxed until you sell, which for billionaires is never since they have more money than can realistically be spent by a family. The lower to upper middle class pays the bulk of taxes, not the rich.
Frankly, every year I understand less and less how rich people feel they are taxed too much. I'm nowhere near the top bracket yet, but I already have everything I could want, and much more than most hard working american families I grew up around. American greed knows no bounds. Our *effective* taxes are some of the lowest in the developed world, I'd gladly pay more in exchange for health care that doesn't bankrupt you if you get cancer.
@_date: 2019-07-17 16:48:46
Agreed, that's why I said I wasn't calling OP racist. It's good to question whether those types of assumptions are though. My point was simply that "something true" can still be said in a racist way. Same with blanket assumptions based on these "truths". You could argue OP made such an assumption, but they acknowledged the issue with that and were only using context clues.
@_date: 2017-12-12 20:45:01
Until people go "oh, it was 17K and now it's under $1, fuck that". Can't cure ignorance that easily. Ideally news anchors would say "A Bitcoin Bit is now worth xx", but they'll probably just default to "Bitcoin is now at xx".
I honestly feel like we should just create more coins and distribute them evenly, like for each Bitcoin you get 10 more. This problem is only going to get worse, I can't imagine what people will think if BTC hits 100K or 1M.
@_date: 2017-12-12 21:20:57
You post a hell of a lot on for someone that doesn't believe in it. The price has literally tripled since you started posting here. I think you might just be railing on it as some sort of misguided FOMO. Do yourself a favor and buy $100 as an experiment and just hold it for like 5 years. If it's a bubble, it'll be fun to watch it disintegrate before your eyes, the validation alone will be worth it. If it's not a bubble, you might have 10K on your hands down the road.  
Btw your argument makes absolutely no sense. The price of a new currency or limited supply commodity/asset will naturally rise as adoption increases. That doesn't make it a game of musical chairs. Bitcoin is still in its infancy, you can't compare its usability and stability to the most powerful currency the world has ever seen (the almighty dollar). How else would you see a global decentralized currency emerging, out of thin air at a perfectly stable price?
@_date: 2019-07-17 19:41:16
You really think racism and oppression towards Italians is comparable to the centuries of enslavement of black people, and the continued racist climate they experience? Are you really that delusional? When did Italians get separate shitty schools just for them that led to entire generations (still alive today) that never received a proper education? That was only 65 years ago for black people, Italians went to regular schools.
You speaking another language is not relevant, that's most minorities. If black people hadn't been enslaved (as opposed to coming here the way Italians did), many would still speak african languages as well. That died out as they were mixed with Africans from all over the continent, much how most 3rd generation+ Italian Americans I know can't speak Italian or anything other than English. Never mind that slave owners mostly prohibited speaking African languages.
I'm racist? Quote the exact words I said that were racist.


What the actual fuck? What sins have I committed?
@_date: 2017-12-12 21:49:47
It's possible through a hard fork, though I'm not sure if it would be possible to distribute it evenly based on BTC balance. Isn't Bitcoin Diamond doing that though? Makes me think it's possible, though unlikely.
@_date: 2017-12-12 22:06:42
Increasing divisibility would have no effect on the price, the issue with the price is the total number of Bitcoins in circulation. Adding a half penny does not change the value of $1. What I'm proposing is that we take every bank account and multiply it by 10 or some other factor. The market would immediately react and drop the price of Bitcoin by the factor, though everyone's wealth would stay the same. I know this is unrealistic though, as it would be very disruptive and could cause a market crash beyond the original price.
@_date: 2017-12-13 16:55:43
Unless the last buyer was just throwing in their first $10 between blunt hits, in which case your cringey over-dramatic prose will not be an apt description at all, and "this sight will, perhaps, contain absolutely" nothing.
You do realize this shit happens all the time in the regular stock market right? Idiot newbie investors shorting some stock that goes up like 800% the next day? Happened to [this guy]( two years ago. The max you can lose buying Bitcoin is 99.99%. Is it safer than the stock market? Hell no, but everyone knows it's extremely speculative.
It seems you fancy yourself a writer, but you're trying too hard and forcing it. Your writing completely lacks subtlety, you're just smashing the reader on the head with trope after trope after trope. It's like the fantasy writers that go "and his blade shone with a glimmer in the pale moonlight, like the gleaming silver hair of a fair maiden". Just stop. Don't. Subtlety, learn it.  
Edit: lol you've been shipping altcoins and ICO's for the last month, literally telling people they'd "get rich quick". Did you get burned so hard you're gonna blame Bitcoin now?
@_date: 2017-12-18 18:24:35
They said earlier their position was 1/3rd, and that they bought in 2013 - 2015. It's likely Bitcoin started as less than a tenth of their portfolio, it's just grown so much it's almost eclipsed the rest of their investments.
@_date: 2017-12-19 06:47:19
True, but they mention they plan to limit their exposure or hedge their bets (since they also admit they won't be selling).
@_date: 2017-12-12 23:12:09
The goal is moving the comma in the price to be more palatable. The suggestion has always been to make the talking point about the price of a small fraction of a Bitcoin. My suggestion is to move the comma, since I think people will never get over the psychological aspect of a Bitcoin being millions of dollars (and the FOMO of knowing they could have bought at 200, 1000, 10,000, etc).
@_date: 2017-12-08 17:47:32
You are still liable to pay taxes on "lost" investments. If you at some point start spending your "lost" investment or one which you did not report, it will be fairly obvious to the IRS. This is literally their job, figuring out which people have more income/wealth than they report.
@_date: 2019-07-17 21:48:56
It's definitely getting worse. I never thought our countries, our world, could regress so much and so fast. 
If you don't mind giving yourself an aneurysm, read [this comment]( It really is 10x easier to spew BS than it is to refute it. It is usually at this point that I realize how fruitless the interaction is and give up. Probably should have earlier when he said I was a sinner that was going to hell.
@_date: 2018-08-23 07:01:33
No problem! Glad someone appreciates it. Haha usually it feels more like I'm pissing into the wind when it comes to this sub. Everyone loves a good scapegoat.
To be honest, I'm not sure how much block chain tech will change our social structures. It's pretty unclear right now, but one concern I have is that it will further increase wealth inequality with early adopters hoarding such insane amounts and the developing world having little to no access until it's too late. 
I'm hopeful that a currency which has compound interest built in will overall be beneficial for the poor though (most currently have no savings), but there are just so many variables it's hard to tell how this will all play out. Thankfully, there are always ways to improve the currency and the downstream effects.
@_date: 2018-08-19 09:13:22
No they are not required to, but they open themselves to massive liability if they do not because they explicitly advertise a pledge to do so, even showing that they calculate the fair value by removing some fees from the BTC price and multiplying it by .005. You can also redeem the BTC directly if you so choose.
Of course, there is always counterparty risk, but that is no different from buying bonds or equity in any company, as any company can lie to you.
@_date: 2018-08-17 15:08:58
So he provides a source and you have an... opinion.. that you feel unnaturally certain about?
Bitcoin processes between 100k and 300k transactions a day, not counting trading on exchanges, thousands is peanuts in comparison. Not every study agrees on how much dark money flows through Bitcoin, I've seen 1% and as high as 44%, but they all agree the percentage compared to total volume is only dropping. Most is moving to Monero and Zcash, they're more private.
Either way, it's natural for fringes of society to adopt new technology faster, they're more fluid. You see it with porn too, they pioneer new film and internet tech, and now very many accept Bitcoin as well. Other early adopters are people that live in countries where their own currency is shit. Hell Venezuela had to ban it. It's easy for them to see the value in an unseizable, scarce, digital currency/bank account.
@_date: 2018-05-30 14:18:11
The fact that you still think blocks are full and that transactions are taking forever just shows how little you actually pay attention to the space.   
Let's be real, you're just here to ridicule, you don't know anything about the tech, don't care about it, and don't keep up with updates. If you did, you'd know blocks are empty right now and transactions are dirt cheap.   
As far as dominance, it always goes down on bear runs then grows on bull runs, but it's not an important metric since the crypto space is growing every day, up to almost 2000 currencies from 1000 not too long ago. If every other currency is at 1%, is 30% not dominance?   
Apple, the largest company in the SP500, is only 4% of the total market cap...
@_date: 2018-05-01 15:40:05
Who cares how many dollars they have to print to reimburse you in Bitcoin as long as you get your Bitcoin. More likely though you'd just get the equivalent USD value and you'd have to convert it yourself.
@_date: 2018-08-16 18:41:53
The top alts have been decently stable, and have grown by very large amounts.
It's not about getting lucky, it's about eliminating the luck factor. If you have tiny amounts of money in every major "decent" project, you will always do well regardless of what coins grow or disappear over the next 10 years. If BTC is the only coin left 10 years from now, again, I'm fine. It's startling you don't seem to understand this basic tenant. 
**Also when did I bring up daytrading?** You're projecting your general view of altcoiners onto me, which is why this discussion will never go anwhere.


So said investors/owners in AOL, Myspace, Blackberry, Netscape, Dreamcast (literally vastly superior tech), and more. You can do all the calculations, read all the whitepapers, understand all the tech, and still get screwed over by the market. The only way to protect yourself is to hedge. This is very basic personal finance and investing strategy. 
I'm not telling you BTC won't be the king 10 years from now, I honestly and wholly believe it will be, but there's no harm in throwing down small amounts on promising alts. If they disappear, oh well, I didn't put anything significant into it, but the risk/reward ratio is very compelling compared to BTC (if you already own lots of BTC). No risk (because the amounts are insignificant), but potential huge payouts and some level of security in case BTC gets dethroned.
@_date: 2018-08-23 08:44:46
The problem is code can be brutal. Thankfully it's flexible code, but we may one day find out that no longer holds true. It could very well become a monstrous cold machine of guaranteed inequality, too large and institutionalized to be changed without drastic effects. Also, scarce resources have never been fairly distributed, our social structure may adapt to ensure this.
Banks and shitty regulation may have caused our economic collapse, but the Fed and the stimulus bill helped pull us out. Such a feat may not be possible with Bitcoin, we may be subject to a true natural cycle (deep deep brutal depressions, times of unimaginable and unsustainable excess)
@_date: 2018-08-23 06:59:51
No problem! Glad someone appreciates it.
To be honest, I'm not sure how much block chain tech will change our social structures. It's pretty unclear right now, but one concern I have is that it will further increase wealth inequality with early adopters hoarding such insane amounts and the developing world having little to no access until it's too late. 
I'm hopeful that a currency which has compound interest built in will overall be beneficial for the poor though (most currently have no savings), but there are just so many variables it's hard to tell how this will all play out.
@_date: 2018-08-16 17:12:46


Not historically, I made small investments in ETH and I'm still up like 1000% there. I paid insignificant amounts, they became significant amounts. If they disappeared, so what? It's insurance, as simple as that, and cheap insurance at that. 
**BTC is so much bigger than every other coin.** If you *already* have substantial BTC holdings, it doesn't make sense to be throwing thousands to increase that holding by only a small percentage, when you could instead throw a few hundred at decent small cap coins where you can get 1-10 BTC equivalent in that currency for pittances.
Fictional example:
10 BTC, that's $64,000. If you only have $1000 to invest in the year, does it really make sense to up your stake to 10.15625 BTC, or would it be better to get the 10BTC equivalent in Monero? It makes more sense to get the 10XMR (about 10BTC) of Monero. If BTC moons and Monero disappears, that 0.15625 is going to make very little difference compared to my 10 existing BTC, I'll be a millionaire no matter what. If the whole market moons and Monero moves up a few slots, my new 10XMR is going to get me a hell of a lot farther. If BTC somehow disappears (very very very unlikely), and Monero moons, well shit, no difference to me, right?
Diversification is simple application of game theory.
@_date: 2018-08-16 17:57:41
Altcoin growth from 2015 to current day has been very strong, at least among the reputable coins.
It's a scam in your opinion, but the market strongly disagrees with you. I am insured by plenty of "safe investments" outside of BTC. It's ridiculous you can't even imagine throwing like $500-$1000 spread out over several decent alts. That's a cheap buy in for what is usually a significant portion of those coins. I'm not afraid to lose that money, but it's not going to do much for me in BTC since I made the bulk of my BTC investment a long time ago.


That is a ridiculous statement. My BTC investment is not affected by what I put into other coins. 10 BTC, 5 BTC, whatever is still the same 10, 5 BTC if you also happen to own Monero. You're trying to make the point that it hurts the ecosystem, but that's just your opinion. Bitcoin can succeed whether there is competition or not, and competition is good, it keeps people on their toes.
Being a maximalist is stupid when it costs so very little to diversify. Even a 95% BTC 5% alts distribution greatly increases your security without materially affecting your future BTC wealth. If BTC moons and you have more than 1 BTC, you will live very comfortably regardless.  
Diversifying is the principle of investing, if you don't know that, then you shouldn't be handling your own money to begin with. Do you think Warren Buffet picks the one stock he thinks is most likely to grow the most or "survive" the longest? No, he makes a significant investment in that company and divides up his investments among several other small companies. 
While crypto is all very much tied together right now, that may not be the case in the future, and gains in other coins may outstrip gains in BTC, even if BTC always remains king. The fact of the matter is we don't know, nobody can predict the future. If you think you can predict the future with 100% certainty, than you need to rethink your life and your investments. Put all your eggs in one basket and they might all get smashed at once. We live in a crazy world, I mean hell what if Roger's propaganda had worked and Bitcoin Cash had flipped and overtook BTC? It's not outrageous to believe his ignorant populist view and propaganda could have worked on the masses, it worked for Trump after all. **The best technology doesn't always win**, for a wide variety of reasons that you often cannot predict. I'm betting it will, but I've got a few pennies on the side in case things go astray.
@_date: 2018-08-18 22:26:21
They explicitly state they buy BTC on a per share basis to a ratio of .005 BTC per share. Issuing debt wouldn't do anything since Bitcoins price varies and the debt would not. It would also dilute the BTC per share. The BTC per share can be redeemed through them, though I imagine there is a fee.
@_date: 2018-05-30 16:23:17
Downvoting and insulting me won't make me wrong.   
The OP indeed said that the transaction prices are higher than they used to be, which is true of Bitcoin at **any** point in time **since transactions used to be free** and only went up from there. That makes the statement rather pointless, you need some form of context. Like how long do we want to look back, and are we not going to consider inflation and increased adoption? 
While I agree OP likely meant "in USD", I agree with the other commenter that "in dollars" sounds pretty disingenuous when fees are in cents.   
I wouldn't say gumball machines are more expensive in dollars than they were 5 years ago, it doesn't jive with the fact that gumball machines are like 25 cents, you never use more than a dollar. Say USD, or cents as is more applicable.
His statement (with no timeframe) also feels off because the fees are also much lower than the fees we typically saw in 2017, in fact they are around the levels we saw in end of 2016.  
As far as why I complained about log, it makes the graph difficult to read with more than half the vertical axis completely useless, it makes it look like there's a large difference between paying .003 and .01, when both are phenomenal prices. Also 17 cents, where we are at right now, is near the top of the graph, making it look like Bitcoin fees are crazy high at first glance.
@_date: 2018-05-24 18:13:22
Pretty much every trader works on a Bloomberg Terminal, so no.
@_date: 2018-05-25 13:26:22
Sure, just like the college freshman serving me fries at McDonald's that told me the company is changing the fry recipe is truly a representative for the McDonald's Corporation, a $128 billion company. Why didn't McDonald's Corporation tell anyone else? This should be public knowledge! How unfair to pick and choose who they tell this to!
The government is entirely a separate entity from the people who comprise it, do you think they are slaves or something? That they all even agree with everything the government does? Maybe you can argue high level people "are the government", but then again Eric Schneiderman seemed to think he "was the government" and where is he now?
@_date: 2018-08-16 16:37:27
Yeah, but diversification in crypto is cheap. Some now have enough BTC that they can no longer meaningfully increase that position, so they look to alts. There are some decent projects where even $25 gets you significant amounts of that currency, so doesn't hurt to dip your toes in. Hell, since people keep bringing it up, 5 XMR is under $500. Pretty good insurance in case people start valuing privacy more.
I'm not advocating for throwing thousands after alts, BTC should be at least 50% if not 80% or 90%. There's nothing wrong with a little hedging and small cap exposure though. ETH is a fairly safe bet, and I'd say it's worth putting in a *small* amount into most other top coins.
@_date: 2018-08-23 04:52:53
99.9% of "bankers" are just nerds that work a 9-5 (or 7-7, or 7-10...) greasing the wheels that keep our global economy going. 99.9% of them have little to no influence on the company's grander decisions, have little to no avenues to which commit fraud, and would be too chicken shit to do it anyway.
Banks are just companies, like McDonald's Exxon and others, where the CEO and the board run things. Some lower people occasionally commit fraud, much like the occasional engineer takes a kickback or cuts a corner, but it is not something the larger population participates in. 
The vast majority of wrong doing is honestly just incompetence, the stakes are just higher. Much like how an alcoholic doctor can kill hundreds of people with mistakes before people notice, a banker can make a mistake or commit fraud that affects thousands or even millions depending on their position. True for Pharmaceuticals, food distribution, engineers, safety regulators, and other critical industries.
Sorry, just tired of seeing these naive generalizations. I've worked in banking and still reside in the financial sector, providing a valuable service to the market. The vast majority of the people I work with are excellent people with strong moral compasses. Nobody likes working with assholes (except mergers and acquisitons, fuck a good amount of those dudes).
@_date: 2018-08-16 20:06:52
Focusing all my efforts into Bitcoin? I already did, a long time ago, it paid off well but has grown to a size such that I cannot ***meaningfully*** increase my Bitcoin stake without entering into significant financial risk. You just. Don't. Get it.
Altcoin investments are about reducing risk, exposing yourself to the pontetial for large gains, all while understanding that yes, it's a gamble, as all financial investments are (including Bitcoin). While ideology is great and is what has propelled Bitcoin forward, it and it alone cannot protect your money.
My last fictional example so you understand the stupidity of 100% bitcoin maximalism:
If Satoshi himself has $1,000 of USD to invest into cryptocurrency, what is more likely to protect his already enormous wealth? Adding that $1,000 to the same stack of $6,400,000,000 he/she has in Bitcoin? Or diversifying the tiniest bit (0.00000015625% of their crypto portfolio) into a different or multiple promising projects? Of course, assuming he *already* has a substantial middle-age size portfolio of other safe investments outside of cryptocurrencies (S&amp;P500, bonds, etc.)
If you think he should put that extra $1,000 into even more BTC, then you simply don't understand statistics, financial planning, hedging, game theory, or the simple idea that the future is not predictable and is in fact chaotic and ruthless (e.g. Trump). If you don't understand this basic concept, there's no point in continuing the conversation. This isn't about ideology, or even whether we think BTC will forever be king (or even the last standing) of cryptocurrency....  it's about smart personal finance, something you apparently eschew in favor of platitudes.
@_date: 2018-08-16 18:23:27




Uh, let's not get carried away, he could just have a bearish view on the need for electronic decentralized money. It's not exactly a viewpoint held exclusively by the elite.
I think he's wrong, just think you're assuming too much about him/her and their motivations. You're filling in the blanks with what you hope them to be.
@_date: 2018-05-24 19:16:30


Stats? If you mean retail adoption, that's pretty meaningless at this stage anyway since people buy and replace. The lack of retail adoption does slightly increase volatility due to lower liquidity though, which is what we've seen recently.  


That's simply not true. Volume at 2K was around 1B (often much lower), today it's around 6B, 4B on lower days, big difference. Just look at the volume chart on coinmarketcap.


Yup, more people have bought BTC, we are now at pre-bull-run levels so I'd say those bag holders are either still here for the long haul or more likely already left. The BTC purchased at those levels is a small perentage of total BTC held though. I calculated it once and I think 80-90% of BTC was purchased before 7K.


Institutional investors are still a small portion of total volume right now, but the ability to short a market doesn't inherently put downward pressure. In fact, too many shorts can cause a short squeeze as liquidity dries up and people have trouble covering their shorts, thus causing a bubble. Many suspect this is what caused the run up to 20K, as people kept shorting at 10 or 15K. Shorting provides liquidity. Every short creates a long. 
Institutional investors would more likely short on the futures market anyway, which is cash settled.
@_date: 2018-05-01 16:08:13
Convert immediately back to BTC, done.  
We are also talking about the USD, currency of the free world, it's not going to see rapid inflation without some kind of global economic collapse on a scale we have never seen before. Inflation would be the least of our problems.
@_date: 2018-05-30 14:04:15
Who says you can't buy your Bitcoin from a "bank" or exchange that operates almost exclusively on Lightning from their large single transaction funded account?   
It's possible that one day only banks and exchanges will be using on-chain transactions.
@_date: 2018-05-19 08:10:36
This is very naive, the IRS literally spends all day looking for people doing this... and they find them. You do NOT want to fuck with the IRS. They will not play nice and you very well could go to jail in certain cases.
@_date: 2018-05-25 13:17:30
I don't see how that is relevant?
@_date: 2018-05-01 15:43:43
What do you mean? That if FDIC insurance is used to recoup Bitcoin losses the USD will inflate to high heaven? Who cares, as long as you either get paid your Bitcoin back or the USD equivalent (inflated or not, just convert it back to BTC immediately). 
It'd only happen if there were mass Bitcoin losses (like a whole bank losing all deposits), or if stupidly Bitcoin was allowed to be pledged as collateral.
@_date: 2018-05-30 15:47:18
Why would you use log? that makes no sense and makes it look way worse than it [actually is](  
In what world is a 17 cent median transaction considered significant or even "in dollars"?   
On even a $5 sandwich it beats Amex food merchant fees.
@_date: 2018-08-17 09:48:54
The goal is to never have to sell it (just use it directly), or for it to at minimum be similar to gold: a part of your retirement portfolio that you slowly liquidate as needed after a certain age. 
There's no reason why everyone would need or want to sell after the last one is mined, the price would continue to increase as population increases and coins are lost.
@_date: 2018-08-16 18:25:15
Yes, wish this was said more often. Mental illness is not funny, especially to those that are impaired but close enough to the middle of the spectrum to be able to read this thread itself.
@_date: 2018-05-22 17:03:10
You are an unbelievably toxic individual.   
Who even advertises a credit card by showing it upside down, in a larger picture about a completely different subject, posted within a niche subreddit? Like not even one person is going to sign up for a Santander credit card because of this photo, you're ridiculous. This would be a massive waste of time for their marketing department, a basic Google adsense ad would have better ROI than this.  
Even if it was a credit card instead of an access pass as OP mentioned (and you can tell he's right, look closely), it's on his phone and next to his car keys because surprise surprise people often empty their pockets when sitting down or after dropping off large pizzas that required said objects previously held in the pockets.  
Also bankers are not some inherently evil class of people that are prone to lies, it's just a job, stop fear-mongering and generalizing large groups of people like it's 1935.
@_date: 2018-05-25 13:33:56
Nice, thanks for checking. I still think it's more likely that someone else heard through word of mouth or that it's coincidental, Bloomberg staff writers and the company itself wouldn't risk it, especially when they're publishing an article specifically about BTC price manipulation.
@_date: 2018-05-24 21:31:40
There's no way for the government to find out who disclosed this, and we don't know if Bloomberg paid for the scoop or if it travelled by word of mouth or simply loose lips, both of which are common sources of news. It's Bloomberg's job to search where people like us don't, and there's nothing immoral about doing what you can to get relevant information out to the public. They report on tons of stuff that's positive for bitcoin and I doubt you complain then.
Bloomberg released all information publicly on their terminals, used by every major company and investor in the world, and on their freely available website. Nothing immoral about that, you're just upset this is negative news for Bitcoin, so you're shooting the messenger.
@_date: 2018-05-01 13:26:13
Call me crazy, but I want my Bitcoin FDIC insured.
@_date: 2018-05-24 19:04:54
Backing this up, Bloomberg Crypto [tweeted]( the article at 4:05AM EST, the article timestamp is exactly 4AM, so the news hit Bloomberg Terminal likely 3:45ish as it's often stated news hits the terminal 15m before Bloomberg.com.  
Even then, it's not like Bloomberg is the only publication/person with government sources. Someone could have sold after hearing the news second hand before Bloomberg even started typing up the article.
@_date: 2018-05-30 16:49:26
You claimed I can't read, while I obviously can, do you really not consider that an insult?
When referring to OP, I meant the original parent comment.
We're arguing semantics at this point, this discussion is not worth it. I wouldn't say measured in dollars for something measured in cents, it's stupid. Like I said, I wouldn't say I paid in dollars at a gumball machine. If you're referring to the currency as a whole, USD is the better fit. Technically it's all correct though, so again not really worth arguing. I also don't argue that in dollars the fees are lower than they were 7 years ago, but as the other guy mentioned the satoshi are more important since the hope is for BTC to be a full currency of its own.  
I do agree the other guy was out of line saying you're lying. 
@_date: 2018-05-25 13:19:14
Bloomberg is not the only source of news. This scoop was likely exclusively found by Bloomberg, but that doesn't mean other non-news entities aren't aware. I'm sure plenty of hedge funds have friends of friends that are at the DOJ and CFTC.
@_date: 2018-05-24 18:12:48
Bloomberg is not part of the government, they just created technology that allows them to disseminate information to traders faster than anyone else. You're welcome to come up with your own trader information platform, plenty already exist, some of which are even free.
@_date: 2018-05-24 18:24:08
What's your valuation method? Or is it just "price moved too much from X price and that sounds scary"?   
What's your valuation basis for $2K? Why not $1K, or $500 if we're just throwing out numbers here.
@_date: 2018-08-23 06:05:23
Happy to read better stats if you have them. 
You're overestimating criminal behavior due to confirmation bias. When we do our job well and legally, you'd think we didn't do anything at all. People write articles about Bernie Madoff the ponzi schemer, not Trish the VP working her ass off writing research on renewable energy companies, often for less than STEM pay.
99.9% is an exaggeration (though would not be surprised at all), but if criminal behavior was high, the industry could not operate. As well, the vast majority of bank employees don't even have the access to wreack havok. 
Banks, like any other company, are a pyramid where only a handful of people rule over an unbelievable amount of lower level employees, statistically the percentage of "criminals" must be low since most people at banks are low level office workers and support staff, all with extremely compartmentalized access. 
We are highly regulated as well, I'd argue not enough, but we are. Where I work, my investment portfolio is under a microscope, I need to report everything I buy or sell and need to hold securities for defined periods of time. The data they have on us and our activities is immense, they will reach out to you at the slightest hint of anything odd, and won't hesitate to report you and let the SEC work shit out. As much as banks get off easy when they mess up, they're never happy about the person who did it. Someone can easily cost the bank 1000x their salary, so they've heavily increased their oversight.
Btw, lots of us love Bitcoin and can't wait to perform our transactions with it. Allocation of capital and risk will always be around, even if lower level and bloated functions get eliminated. There's always a doctor behind the robot performing surgery, we can't wait to have better tools, better money. Not everyone is ready, but you bet your ass the percentages are higher than the general population.
@_date: 2018-05-01 16:46:53
So what, that has nothing to do with FDIC insurance. A portion of the FDIC funds could be held in BTC, but the government has the ability to reimburse you with the current exchange rate at any given time if your bank loses your funds anyway, they literally can print you the current exchange rate.
@_date: 2018-05-24 18:20:57
The web article says 4:00AM, so wouldn't that mean it hit terminals at 3:45AM or earlier? I guess the article time stamp could be the time it hit the terminal, but that doesn't really make much sense.
You also have to consider that Bloomberg were likely not the only people/publication aware of the announcement and that some could have dumped BTC while Bloomberg was still writing up the article.
@_date: 2018-05-01 14:55:08
I don't think you understand how insurance works. Or government for that matter.  
FDIC insurance is a U.S. federal government liability, you're claiming the U.S. federal government wouldn't be able to repay in the case of a financial crisis, which is preposterous and contrary to what we saw in 2008. Not only is the U.S. government well capitalized enough, they can raise taxes and print money.
@_date: 2018-05-24 19:03:50
Bloomberg Crypto [tweeted]( the article at 4:05AM EST, so I think your sources are wrong and that the news hit Bloomberg Terminal before 4AM, likely 3:45ish as it's often stated 15m before Bloomberg.com.
@_date: 2018-05-25 17:37:34
You could try explaining your odd analogy, that's normally how communication works.
@_date: 2018-05-24 19:08:47
It's likely not "the government" that "sold" the info, it's likely that Bloomberg pesters several government officials for news early in the mornings and someone let it slip. The government is not in the business of selling information, people that happen to work in the government (or anywhere else important) are.  
Bloomberg is a news source. It's their job to report the news, and they did.
@_date: 2018-05-25 13:30:08
You think the government doesn't investigate leakers? Shit leaks from every level of government on a daily basis, it's a never ending game of whack a mole except that 95% of the moles will never be caught. It's not hard to leak information discreetly.   
When someone leaks that the government is planning a 51% attack on Bitcoin and Bloomberg posts it, surely you will complain about that too, right?  


Oh really, it was an official announcement from the DOJ and CFTC but was only distributed to Bloomberg? No, it was a rogue individual that will likely never get caught thanks to stuff like Telegram and Signal.
@_date: 2019-03-30 23:23:23
Yup, some of them. There are also organized and sophisticated criminals at the top of companies related to pharmaceuticals, oil and gas, military defense, agriculture, real estate, insurance, payday lending, etc. It's not a grand conspiracy, people are just shitty, infinitely selfish, and need to be reigned in by a government with teeth.
@_date: 2019-03-29 18:40:43


No, which is why I know you're just parroting that phrase as well. The first thing people often reach for is the response that is dismissive and that requires the least amount of thought.
There's nothing wrong with condensing information so long as it retains substance. Banksters is just childish and makes your opinion (and the community) look childish. The term "bankers" already carries those same negative connotations (very few banks even use that exact title). Banksters just further demonizes them into some kind of comical boogeyman, as if they are the source of all problems.
"Banker" is just a job, and the real problem is typically located far above the low level bankers and is concentrated in the executive level. This is true for every other "cartel", such as pharmaceuticals, universities, oil and gas, etc. The vast majority of people in these industries, even most "bankers" are fellow "wage/debt slaves" as people who use the bankster term like to say.
It's not even catchy, it's cringey as fuck, and implies bankers as a whole are the problem when they are actually an essential component of even a Bitcoin based economy. The real problems run far deeper than that, and lie with the lack of corporate and CEO accountability, lack of smart and adaptable regulation, and the ability for massive companies to pool their already inordinate amount of resources in order to lobby and bully the government into bending to their will. The problem is not even "too big to fail", it's that there is no will or ability to reign in these titanic companies, whether banks or not.
@_date: 2019-03-30 23:16:12
Didn't say they were blockchain or computer nerds, usually something more relevant to what they do, like finance or marketing/pr. What's with the double parenthesis? I'm assuming that's just for emphasis, or is that an echos reference?
@_date: 2019-03-29 16:33:15
The point is that it is a childish and binary platitude that reflects poorly on the Bitcoin community. He expands on it more in another comment, but the childish meme obsessed nature of the communuty is a huge barrier to adoption. A lot of people see us as paranoid conspiracy theorists with limited actual understanding of banking, lending, and econ. This doesn't help, and I see it more and more here.
If you can't think of a good counterpoint to the term "banksters" being childish and cringey, then maybe it just is.
@_date: 2019-03-30 09:10:02
Gangsters? High level bankers are just unchecked power hungry sociopathic nerds.
Call them banker cartels, or almost anything else. Just dont combine the words. It just doesn't work, and sounds absolutely ridiculous. Most prominent politicians may be sociopaths, but that doesn't make politicopaths a good or persuasive word.
The real problem is it implies a limited understanding of the financial system and/or a general hatred for banks. A Bitcoin economy would still need and benefit from banks. Everyday you use infrastructure financed or facilitated by banks - roads, bridges, power plants, water lines, libraries, etc. Banking is involved in every industry, it just allocates capital, it's the lubricant in the giant economic machine. Yeah it can gunk up if left unchecked or misapplied, but it's not inherently evil, gangster, or bad. Nearly every major business in the United States started at a bankers desk. The problem is a lot more complex than "bankers is bad!", and fixating on that and trying to push that point with childish insults makes us all look very ignorant and look possibly very wrong about this whole "new money" thing.
@_date: 2018-10-05 13:08:10
You should. Whether you like it or not, the U.S. president affects you no matter where you live.
@_date: 2018-10-05 15:58:42
lol. If you think those guys are bad, watch out for the Accountantsters, Realtorsters, and Engineersters.
Whether bankers affect your or not (they do), it doesn't change the fact that the most powerful nations in the world (U.S., China, Russia, even Germany) and their leaders affect the lives of everyone in the world, both directly and indirectly. It's delusional to think otherwise.  
Btw it's easy to hate on "banksters", like lawyers, but when they're doing their job right, like responsibly lending capital to promising new businesses and individuals with low liquidity, *you wouldn't know it at all.* You're generalizing a huge group of normal people over the actions of a few. It's also over generalizing the financial crisis, which was the culmination of a wide variety of factors and mistakes in various industries, not just banking. In reality though, you're just parroting what you've heard elsewhere.
@_date: 2019-11-28 03:20:40
True, I was more responding to the above comment about an "educated" response. Either way, depends on who attends your thanksgiving! Mine's a bit of a mix between both audiences.
@_date: 2019-11-28 02:28:44
Fair enough, but your sister isn't really my target audience. Sadly the majority of people have almost no investments. Rich and/or highly educated people hold the majority of the wealth that needs to move into Bitcoin. The Reddit demographic overlaps well with that group, just slants younger. If you convince the holders of wealth, they convince everyone else. Your average Jane or Joe doesn't have much to put into Bitcoin and often can't/shouldn't take the risk anyway. They'll change their mind when they see it become more mainstream.
I work in the financial sector, so telling coworkers it's digital gold just makes them go "yeah, but gold is stupid too" (and they're right). The above detail makes more sense to them as the industrial and commercial applications of a highly reliable and cheap transfer/store of value become more apparent. Even then, it's a tough sell as it's not stable yet.
For the average person, I'd use your example of digital gold with programmable features. Essentially, gold that can be easily teleported anywhere and converted into any currency, with simple storage on a smartphone or piece of paper. Though smartphone storage is not advised much here.
@_date: 2019-03-29 14:53:15
Do you fear the evil accountantsters as well? Rail on bankers all you want, but call them "bankers" so you don't make the rest of us look like complete idiots by association. Cringey name calling like this makes us all look like crazy conspiracy theorists that don't understand basic econ, lending, or *nuance*. Demonizing an entire group of people with a lame nickname is just lazy and shows you aren't engaging with or understanding the problem on anything but the lowest level. Your comment embodies this, you responded by parroting with a lazy low-effort meme instead of addressing the points raised.
It's significantly more persuasive if you call out the problems by their name, not their title. Saying politicians are evil is an absolutely useless platitude (and is too blanket to be correct). Saying congressman Steve King is evil because of x,y, or z is a lot more persuasive, provable, and effective in identifying and tackling a problem. 
If you hate bankers, call them out by name, call out what they've done. Giving them childish nicknames just hurts your cause, and encourages normal people to dismiss your opinion full stop.
@_date: 2018-10-24 18:53:01
6 is decently rare. Most traders at banks have 2-4 screens. Edge cases exist, but 6 is pretty rare and 9 like OP (not counting the tablets) is extremely rare.
@_date: 2018-10-24 18:40:22
Isn't that a false equivalence though since Bitcoin is still a tiny fraction the size of the USD money supply, and even a small fraction compared to gold? The energy usage of the Bitcoin network will only go up as adoption and price increase.
There are other factors that even it out though, like ATM energy usage, real estate costs/electricity etc. There's no perfect way to calculate it, too many variables, unknown effects, and uncertainty in speed of or scope of replacement of current institutions.
@_date: 2018-10-31 14:09:24
No, his fame just relies on him being able to call bubbles, and Bitcoin appears to him to be an easy target. He's likely upset because he called it so early it makes him look like an idiot ($58).
Not everything is a conspiracy, some people are just arrogant, closed minded, one trick ponies.
@_date: 2018-10-31 14:03:52
NYU Stern literally has **courses** on [Cryptocurrency Investing]( and [Crytpo/Blockchain Tech]( It's a very progressive and technology driven business school.
Schools, their professors, and their students are not homogeneous in their beliefs. 
I hate how this sub's knee jerk reaction is always to assume everything is a conspiracy. You know what they say about assuming right?
@_date: 2018-10-24 18:46:09
[Actual trading floors are very different]( They do typically have 2 or 3 screens, but it's pretty rare to have more than 4. You'll find places that will give a senior people 6 screens if they want it, but it's still rare. 
Also, remember when googling that they're going to be showing you the more "impressive" desks in the forefront, aka the senior traders with more screens. Last trading floor I was on I think I saw 2 screens for most people, 3 for a handful of people. OP's setup is definitely overkill, but whatever works for them I guess.
@_date: 2019-11-28 01:19:35
Many ask why Bitcoin has value, but really they are asking why is it worth $X amount. Even predictable profit producing companies have people disagree with how much they are worth, but asking why Bitcoin is worth anything at all is pointless. Even toe nail clippings have value, even if just for weight and not the miniscule amount of gold. That infintisemally small bit of value is just not enough to be worth a fraction of a fraction of anyone's time.
**Bitcoin has some level of value** because it allows immutable and verifiable transfer of value that is "settled" faster than traditional banking, all on a decentralized payment network with effectively 100% uptime. There are no charge backs, and paying someone once does not allow them to charge you again, as is the case with credit cards. Furthermore, the inflation rate is reasonable and safe from government control, with a known total issuance. It also has value because at least one idiot (myself included) thinks it's cool, but most care about the former argument.
Even when fees are high and transactions are slower due to congestion, the advantages remain for large transfers of value, providing a base value for the network. Eventually, second layer solutions will help alleviate the temporary spikes in network congestion, or maybe they won't. Either way, there is *some* value in the network, even if that value eventually only amounts to $1 per coin.
I hope the above somewhat answers your question.
@_date: 2018-06-05 22:57:45
My mind is my own, and I change my opinions on important topics all the time. It's obvious you don't.  
I agree with the "mainstream" on some things, vehemently disagree with the "mainstream" on others. 
Discarding someone's opinion wholesale because you disagree shows a lack of wisdom and maturity, among many other things.
@_date: 2018-06-29 22:35:33
People die as a result of money going to cartels. Involving yourself in that and making their business easier and more profitable is immoral by any measure. That's the big picture.
@_date: 2018-06-04 20:18:02
How is Bill Gates a bad person? How is his foundation bad?
I've done tons of research on them, would love to hear if you have something additional to offer.
@_date: 2018-06-05 23:08:19
Flouride has been[ naturally occurring]( in water and food sources since the dawn of time, at both harmful and not harmful levels depending on geography.  
Do you drink tea? Tea leaves contain large amounts of fluoride, even [FluorideAlert.com]( agrees, and tea has been popular for millennia. Even the low fluoride south american tea Yerba Mate has some fluoride. Fish are also pretty high in fluoride. Pretty much anything you can ingest has fluoride, it's near impossible to escape it.  
How exactly is it a mind control chemical anyway? How, specifically, does it make me do one thing instead of another? If you argue it makes you more "suggestible", "malleable", etc., why is it that you are not able to convince me? Perhaps because you've offered 0 proof.
@_date: 2018-06-29 06:16:38
Wow. You really are a sociopath, nothing I say will ever make you care about the people that died for your weekend binge.
You don't care if your money goes straight to a world wide billion dollar cartel, at a higher profit margin, like their fucking Amazon instead of human traffickers, torturers, and murderers. DPR profited on making cartels rich through vertical integration and the efficiency of selling direct to consumers.
As if buying drugs was that unsafe, you'll find them at every middle school in America. 
Meanwhile, my family on the other side of the border is having their schools shot up by cartels aiming to kidnap and torture the children of politicians, rival cartels, and anyone that just happens to be near by. They sent my friend's father his other sons finger just as proof they had him. They took the home of my grandparents, they barely survived. My grandfather still has buckshot in his leg. Sometimes, on the morning drive to work or school, my cousins will see someone hanging from the bridge, and they'll know exactly why. They live in a major city, it is much worse in the countryside. The opiod crisis is sad, but pales in death toll and absolute brutality. Not that you care, you just want to get high.   
Buying from the Silk Road won't make drugs legal, you only say that to wash your hands clean. Buying from the Silk Road makes you a participant in this blood economy that has destroyed the home of my family. Again, not that you care.
@_date: 2018-06-05 12:55:15
Thank you!
I used to feel exactly the same, then I realized our government is tiny compared to other developed countries, and our services and infrastructure suffer as a result. In an increasingly automated economy where jobs are quickly created then lost, we need better safety nets and more economic support through job programs etc. Also this whole thing with Trump just illuminates how uneducated and apathetic our population is, our education system is severely underfunded.  
I considered myself a Republican until Trump, now I don't think I'll ever vote for them again. It's embarrassing what they've done to us and our political discourse. 
If you still feel the same about small government, we could use your help pushing social issues and common sense *basic* levels of regulation. It'll happen over time, but I'd like a sane Republican party before they blow us up on the next rightward pendulum swing lol.
@_date: 2018-06-05 22:54:31
We both know "you win" is just your cop out to claim superiority by closing the door on discourse that might challenge your beliefs.
Go ahead, stay in your safe space.
@_date: 2018-06-29 21:05:39


That's all that needs to be said to explain why Ross deserves a double life sentence. You have no fucking idea what these cartels do to people.
SR made buying drugs imperceptibly safer in America, but improved margins for cartels more than enough to cause a magnitude more suffering on the side invisible to willfully blind people like yourself. This isn't rocket science, you just refuse to acknowledge it.
Just because slavery exists doesn't mean it's okay to become a slaver, to fund them, or build them a better trading block. You have to be completely morally bankrupt not to see this.
The Silk Road indisputably added to the human suffering of my people and others unlucky enough to be on the other side of the supply chain. Legality has nothing to do with this, nobody forced DPR to make a more profitable black market that handed more cash over to the cartels that are destroying my country. He made a choice to engage with businesses that trade lives for cash, and he paid the appropriate price.
When you participate in a blood economy, that blood is on your hands too, you funded it, you own it. Drugs are not essential, and there are plenty of morally neutral ways to get high.
While the magnitude of suffering is different, conceptually it is no different from a market place of human trafficking, the people suffering per transaction are just less visible. Each dollar going to a cartel is a dollar towards human suffering. There is NO defense for facillitating that.
@_date: 2018-06-05 14:58:14
Happy to have you prove me wrong and provide some kind of shred of evidence.
I don't have firm opinions, what have you provided to change my mind other than insults? You have provided nothing of value.  
Poor health, poverty, desperation, no real relationships? That's a lot of assumptions. I'm in the best shape and health of my life, am financially very well off for my age, have plenty of close friends, and a history of fulfilling and intimate relationships.  


So you're only here for people that already agree with you? What were you saying about being closed minded? Man, the hypocrisy with you never ends.  
Here, let's start with two easy questions: What do you eat and drink to avoid fluoride? What is one source of information on fluoride (or more, but one is fine) that you trust?
@_date: 2018-06-05 13:53:36
Give me one or two points on why he or his foundation are bad and I'll gladly research them on duck duck go.
@_date: 2018-06-13 18:22:03
The bond market weathers cycles better than pretty much every other class. There are also plenty of very safe bonds that are likely to emerge unscathed following any debt collapse, you can easily diversify among them.
@_date: 2018-06-28 18:35:05
That's a pretty weak defense... for anything really.
@_date: 2018-06-19 13:57:03
Pretty pictures won't make people suddenly buy more BTC than is being mined/sold off, belief and thus demand in BTC will.
@_date: 2018-06-29 03:25:13
You can't see past your own foot, stepping on the blood of my people. You wouldn't praise the creators of a "libertarian marketplace" if you were the one with family dying just so rich foreigners can have a chill weekend, you lack broader perspective. They have no say in what our government does, but we have the ability to stop supporting black markets and not open more efficient and more 
anonymous ones. And yes, maybe one day we can make it all legal, but that's not our current reality and our current reality involves people dying to feed an unnecessary and addictive thirst. Maybe we can't stop it, but we don't need to actively work towards making the murderous machine more efficient. After all, it only adds to the government's argument for why it shouldn't be legal.
DPR objectively increased human suffering, there is no adequate defense to that. If such a marketplace was even slightly delayed in appearing, it would have decreased actual human suffering. 
Black markets exploiting real people will always exist. Partaking in them makes you just as guilty. They only exist because of the selfishness and willful blindness to the human cost from consumers in richer countries that have the luxury of distance from the supply chain.
Not once did you sincerely address the human cost, in fact you hand waive it as unavoidable and flash a smile. You are a sociopath with little to no human empathy.
Dont kid yourself. DPR was in it for the money and didn't care where it came from, and you don't care if poor people die because they live across the border and you liked the drugs. Maybe you'd feel differently if it was white American children dying in the poppy fields.
@_date: 2018-06-04 20:38:54
I stated facts, I was literally reciting the top budget categories for mandatory and discretionary spending. I also have a bit more than a civics class education on the topic, but it's not necessary to see that the federal government provides a wide array of useful services.
"Ungodly" amounts? We have some of the [lowest effective taxes]( in the [developed world]( as a result our essential services have suffered.  
Okay, so we both agree military spending is too high. What's your solution, to stop paying taxes? If everyone did that, we'd have no federal government and we'd be the ones getting bombed and invaded, in addition to our current foreign election interference, cyber attacks, etc. Not that I think we should be doing those things to anyone else. We'd also lose all the services and protections a federal government provides. As much as we bungled Katrina, you think Louisiana could have taken care of that by themselves?
What have you done to "speak to the people that matter"? Are you an active member of one of the major political parties? Have you pushed your concerns in town halls and meetings? Have you set up any political websites or organizations to spread the word about what you think needs to be changed? Have you considered running for office? These things don't change quickly, but they don't change at all when you do nothing.  
You've essentially rage quit.
@_date: 2018-06-04 21:15:36
That's great, but completely off topic from what we were discussing:
Taxes are necessary to provide essential local and national services.   
As far as not being able to change the system, well the system does change over time, military spending is much lower as a [percent of GDP than in the past (note the blue line)]( The same is true as percent of [federal expenditures]( Unfortunately only far right groups argue that military spending is too low, so most graphics are coming from such sources. Happy to look at conflicting information though.
If you're suggesting we decentralize taxes so each person directly decides where their taxes are going, it's going to be a shit show in terms of yearly planning (looks like NASA is less popular this year, cancel the missions!), accounting, and of course execution (as everyone glosses over national programs like social security, medicare, veterans affairs, etc. and neglects the less sexy funding like the United States Office of Government Ethics.
I don't know what your non-profit did or how you've used your degree, but you've offered no solutions, only problems. I'm experienced on the budgeting side of things, so happy to hear your political solutions to the budgeting issues.
@_date: 2018-06-05 05:46:58
Haha wow you believe the whole fluoride shit? Try bringing it up to an actual scientist, they'll laugh you out the door.
So what's your grand idea? No taxes, and thus no police, firefighters, roads, etc.? Maybe we can go back to an agrarian life style. Raping and pillaging included.
@_date: 2018-06-05 17:15:52
I've done the research, fluoride is safe in small doses. Like many chemicals, it can cause issues in high doses (like mercury found in nearly all fish), which is why we have strict guidelines on how much is allowed in the water. Some water sources **naturally** have higher fluoride content than the EPA guidelines, and local municipalities have to defluoride the water to fit within the guidelines.  
You're the one that is disagreeing with the global scientific community, the burden of proof is on you. 
Answer one question for me:
How did you find out about the dangers of fluoride?   
Let me guess, you found out in some magazine, on the internet on some blog, or someone told you in person. You're just parroting too, the only difference is 99.99% of the scientific community disagrees with you.
@_date: 2018-06-29 23:36:00
I never argued legalization wouldn't help, you just keep bringing it up because you have nothing else to try and justify the human suffering caused by the Silk Road. When your collateral damage involves the death of human beings, you're in the wrong business, and DPR knew exactly what his business was enabling. Maybe someone else could have made something similar, maybe not, but he wanted the blood money for himself, and he got the blood money punishment as a result.
The Silk Road caused an increase in human suffering by making cartels more profitable and more efficient, DPR got exactly what he deserved.
@_date: 2018-06-05 15:27:53
You wax and wane a lot in the beginning and end to flatter your own ego, so I won't address it since it's not relevant.  


What foods do you eat? Nearly everything naturally has flouride in it, whether you grow it or not.  
What country is your water from? Pretty much all water has naturally occurring flouride, though yes some U.S. municipalities increase the concentration by a tiny percentage within recommendations approved by hundreds of thousands of scientists.  
Statistically speaking, it's likely you ingest almost as much fluoride as I do.
You say you don't want to debate, but we've already been debating. You just choose to do so without evidence, only supported by how you feel about the topic.
Let's also address the basics: why do you think flouride, of all the terrible things we ingest from cars and factories etc, is responsible for reducing cognitive ability? How do you also reconcile this with the fact that I'm perfectly able to contest your points, whether you agree with them or not? If fluoride is so bad, wouldn't I be some brain dead zombie, barely able to type responses?
@_date: 2018-06-04 17:46:18
Ridiculous. Taxes pay for the roads you drive on, the schools you go to, the police that protect you, the fire department that saves you.  
Do your taxes sometimes go to things you disagree with? Yes, but things you may disagree with may be things others do agree with, you don't get everything perfectly the way you want it in the world. If you don't like where your taxes are going to, speak to your representatives, create awareness or action oriented political groups, etc.
@_date: 2018-06-04 20:13:21
The federal government provides funding for many of the above local projects as well, in addition to sovereign actions and programs that benefit all citizens within the country, like the post office, social security, medicare, veterans affairs, transportation, regulatory bodies, public housing, energy and science (NASA etc.), and of course international diplomacy and the military (which is also a major source of employment, income, and local economic stimulus through bases, airfields, ports, etc.)
Don't get me wrong, I wish the U.S. spent less on the military, but the federal government is essential and provides services that affect you every single day. If you don't like how those taxes are allocated, speak up to the people that matter, not on Reddit.
@_date: 2018-06-19 14:21:32
I hope we don't get to that point, there will be strong resistance almost the whole way down. Problem is, at a certain point people start to lose faith and will just cash out on any future upswings. We're seeing that now, every upswing is almost immediately followed by a sudden even larger sell-off.   
We're now at pre bull-run levels, which I imagine is why we are seeing support here, but who knows what will happen once/if 6K or 5K are broken and older hodlers start seeing red.
I'd hope 2.5K would be an absolute bottom, but it's possible reaching that price point itself would trigger an even larger fall.
@_date: 2019-08-13 21:44:04
His point was that "fiscal conservatives" lambasted Obama's golf expenses, which is hypocritical since Trump has spent way more per year and they don't bat an eye. Even worse, he golfs at his privately owned courses, where the US government must pay market rates for rooms and golfcarts for secret service and WH staff. This directly makes Trump and his family richer, a violation of the emoluments clause in the constitution. 
The actual expense is indeed minimal compared to the total budget, but is still a huge waste of taxpayer dollars. By your logic, Presidents should spend as much as they want, as it'd likely never seriously impact the budget. I don't think it's a big deal, but it shows a lack of respect for taxpayer funds.
@_date: 2018-06-05 14:25:48
I didn't ask you to, I said give me one factual statement that I can research. For example, you could say:
Bill Gates has an enormous mansion that wasted millions in lumber and other materials, and likely consumes more resources in a year than most people do in a decade. It's hypocritical considering his evangelism. 
To which I could say at least it's relatively sustainable and he and his family do enough charity to outweigh he impact, **but that I would agree with you and think it's a fair and valid criticism.**
@_date: 2018-06-05 14:28:49
So what do you eat and drink to avoid flouride then oh great unpoisoned one?  
I'm docile and do as I'm told, what, because I disagree with you?  
Infowars is a conspiracy theory site run by Alex Jones, he peddles supplements to gullible conspiracy theorists and riles them up with hard right wing ideals. I was wondering if that was the source of your information since most flouride conspiracy theorists cite them. Just giving you an idea of the company you keep.
@_date: 2019-08-13 21:57:04
The benefits were small and disproportionately  went to wealthier taxpayers, with the lowest brackets getting almost nothing. The tax cuts are also only permanent for the top brackets, with lower income breaks expiring in 2025. Personally, my income is decently high, yet the tax cut for me was still a complete joke.
Regardless, it's just bad fiscal policy, especially since US *effective* tax rates are the lowest in the developed world, hence our underfunded services. Conservatives always complain about deficits, then proceed to run even bigger ones once they're in power.
@_date: 2019-08-19 20:53:44
This is a quick way to get into a very expensive lawsuit with your landlord.
@_date: 2018-06-04 18:00:27
You're welcome!  
I don't want to tell you how to vote, but your friends are right in that the vote is wasted in the sense of "determining the victor". Of course a protest vote or ideological vote is a valid reason for voting, but the actual effect on political parties may be marginal. Your vote does signal that you would like a political party to take up Libertarian ideals, but many would argue there are better ways of doing that - like getting involved in one of the two major parties and pushing your ideals into the platform, or campaigning to change our first past the post system so that 3rd parties are viable.  
You're correct that 2016 had some of the best 3rd party numbers in a while, but your friends may also be correct that it's possible these high 3rd party numbers directly led to Trump getting elected since those votes tend to get siphoned from would be Democrats, not Republicans (who are more firm in their beliefs).
@_date: 2018-06-28 18:52:06
None of the copycats were or have been as successful.  
Either way, it doesn't change the fact that he provided an anonymous off-ramp for cartels, biker gangs, stolen goods, stolen passports/ID's, etc. People say SR was victim-less, but that's not how this economy works. There were also a lot of sketchy hard drives for sale as well...  
The indictment against him in Maryland for hiring a hit man still stands, though it's unlikely to be prosecuted since he's serving a double life sentence and one of the detectives tried to keep BTC for himself, thus tainting the evidence.
@_date: 2018-06-04 18:19:04
You could be more specific instead of speaking in *drivel*.
@_date: 2018-06-19 15:22:50


The financial sector isn't parasitic, it's symbiotic at worst. Finance makes the world go round, much of the luxury in our current lives is due to the financial interconnectedness of the world and the high availability of credit and capital for new and risky businesses.  
Calling the financial sector parasitic is like calling lawyers or merchants parasitic, they are there to facilitate connections, processes, and allocation of resources. Without them: no public defenders, no international goods, and in terms of finance, no funding for your new business, no funding for your new house, no management of your assets, no safe place to store your money, gotta stuff it in your mattress and hope nobody breaks in (or in BTC's case, hope nobody finds your seed... or uses the $5 wrench attack on you).  
If Bitcoin makes it big, the only change you'll see is markets and loans being denominated in BTC instead of USD. Doesn't matter what the currency is, everyone needs funding, everyone needs credit, everyone needs a safe place to store their "private keys".
@_date: 2018-06-09 02:04:11
More importantly, it doesn't account for the fact that Bitcoin is a tiny fraction of the size of those other systems, and that BTC doesn't necessarily get more efficient with scale (until widespread LN use).  
I believe Bitcoin will eventually be the most efficient system, but no way are we there yet. Especially with the energy cost per transaction, it's estimated a single transaction consumes enough to power 30 US homes for a day. LN will solve that.
@_date: 2018-06-05 15:38:18
So you've got absolutely nothing.
@_date: 2018-06-28 20:19:38
Ideas are cheap, execution is not. Do you provide the same reasoning for cartels? After all, someone else would be doing the murdering if it wasn't them, right?
It was pretty much anonymous for buyers/sellers, DPR was discovered because he was an idiot.  




Plenty of people say this, go to any of the major threads on here about DPR.  


This is like saying Amazon reduced the risk of car crashes from picking up merchandise at a store, it ignores the fact that the vast majority of negative external consequences of products (legal or not) occurs early in the supply chain, where people are often forced into labor, threatened, or killed. There's also the hard drives I mentioned, where people profited and exchanged in the product of the suffering of women and even children.   
My family is from Mexico, so unfortunately I'm all too well aware of this.  


The government found him with his laptop open. They probably didn't even need that anyway, it would have been as simple as stalking his favorite starbucks/library location (he went to the same places over and over) and doing a man in the middle attack on the wifi. He was arrogant and apparently did very little to protect his identity. Regardless, this guy belongs in jail.   
Being Pablo Escobar behind a keyboard doesn't make you any less Pablo Escobar, and it doesn't mean your actions don't hurt people and have consequences, whether directly or indirectly.
@_date: 2018-06-05 16:54:33
I'm open to having you change my mind. Go ahead.   
Can you say the same?
@_date: 2018-06-28 23:23:44


Yeah they do, and they sold the drugs they killed people over on the silk road, where large amounts of people financially supported their murderous enterprises with nearly untraceable currency. Do you not think beyond the drug right in front of you? Hey, I love weed too, but recognize that before legalization and regarding other harder drugs, a lot of blood was spilled to get those drugs in front of you in hopes of parting you with those sweet sweet USD (they don't keep the BTC...).
DPR welcomed their business, you can read his emails offering people he thought were members of a biker gang better distribution through his website.
You claim government policy would fix these issues, but aside from that being a gross and naive simplification, it's not the current state. The Silk Road knowingly made murderers rich, that's a fact whether government policy could have prevented it or not.
I'll happily link several examples of people claiming SR only furthered victimless crimes if you promise to admit you're wrong when I do so. You could always use the reddit search function yourself. I'm on mobile. So I'll link later if you're still interested.
There's no evidence he allowed others to use his moniker, it would be incredibly stupid. Regardless, he tried to have a whole family killed and his actions enabled a global market place of murderers and inspired copy cats that operated in even worse markets, though I don't fault him much for the latter.   
As someone from a country where people are actually murdered and beheaded every day right in the middle of the street, where politicians can't even say the word "cartel" without getting killed, where innocent people like my family can and have gotten caught in the crossfire, it's hard to believe people are so blind and selfish as to hide behind excuses and platitudes like "well it should be legal".   
Look at the very real and tangible human cost, nobody forces us to support "businesses" that kill people. **Those of us on the other side of the equation for "happiness" don't have the luxury of hiding behind ideology and a keyboard.**
Just buy locally grown weed and smoke with a clear conscious.
@_date: 2018-06-04 17:40:31


Bisq can totally become popular and people should use it.  
Just for clarity about the third party argument though: This argument is based on the legal way our system (first past the post) has been constructed, not only on the feasibility of gathering a large amount of votes (though the system does make it very hard). 
  
Essentially a 3rd party winning will make it likely to become the "2nd" party and the 3rd party will then absorb almost all votes of the 2nd party. The system encourages consolidation into two major parties, which is what we have seen. For example, Libertarians could replace the Democrats or Republicans, but it's very unlikely it could be a force on its own. Most likely, it would replace the Republican party and Republican traditionalists would become the small 3rd party.   
People understand that under a winner takes all system, their best chance of getting representation is through supporting the largest party with the most similar views. Can a 3rd party win? Yes, but statistically it's nearly impossible. Trump vs Sanders vs Bloomberg could have maybe worked (likely would have handed it to Trump), but Bloomberg knew Hillary running would assuredly demolish his chances, they'd siphon from each other.
@_date: 2018-06-04 18:39:51
I see you chose more drivel.   
You're all talk, no bite.
@_date: 2018-06-05 14:11:56
You have had plenty of time to comment much about nothing.  
You've had ample opportunity to present even a single piece of research to back up your claims, and have had ample time to present a fact I could research on my own. You have neglected to do both, and yet have already "made up your mind" without giving me anything to debate with. How am I supposed to change your mind, or you change mine, if you refuse to even provide a shred of evidence?
I have an open mind, but you have provided no evidence, only easily debunked conspiracy theories. The truth is, you're just tired of losing these debates. You've already made up your mind, everything is a grand conspiracy that is holding you and your ideology back, and you're tired of people trashing your opinions with actual research and facts, so you've resolved to stick to your guns and refuse to engage.   
It's sad. People like you that refuse to engage in critical discourse are why we are where we are today. Like many of your ilk say, it's **feels over reals**.
@_date: 2018-06-05 13:42:34
Flouride occurs naturally in many water sources, humans have been drinking it for millennia you dolt. You know what else has flouride? [Raisins, lamb, carrots, potatoes, tomatoes, spinach, and pretty much every other vegetable, fruit, or meat.](
Give me your best piece of research, come on. Back your points up with research, or are you just an Infowars "repeater fool"? Your nicknames are hilariously childish by the way.
@_date: 2019-08-09 17:56:56
What are you talking about? The subway in Manhattan is often much faster than taking a car, it's full of highly successful traders and fund managers every morning, some of whom may even own some Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies. Hell, financial companies are already running trainings on Bitcoin and blockchain tech, and those guys take the subway too.
@_date: 2018-06-05 14:33:42
I wouldn't say superior, I just think it says a lot about you if you're so passionate and confrontational about a topic yet are unwilling to support that with any tangible evidence.  
For one, it shows a closed mind, you're not willing to debate because you don't *want* to change your mind. It also shows you value how you feel over what the evidence displays, much how many think gluten is bad despite evidence that shows only people with celiacs disease have negative effects from it.  
You're exactly what you accuse me of being, a "repeater", "closed minded", "programmed", you're just on the other side of the spectrum.
@_date: 2018-06-05 15:41:03
You're closed minded and afraid of having your core beliefs challenged.
I didn't school you, because you're not willing to learn... or teach for that matter. You're set in your beliefs, and discussing them scares you because then you might encounter the debilitating force otherwise known as doubt.
@_date: 2018-06-13 17:41:59
Or it could be worth nothing as people flee speculative and volatile assets in favor of safer investments like bonds. 
I say this as someone incredibly bullish on crypto btw, just saying we don't know how the crypto market will react to a downturn.
@_date: 2018-06-29 12:09:57


So how is creating the worlds most advanced, efficient, anonymous, and decentralized black market in the world, thus drastically improving cartel margins by allowing them to sell direct to consumer, supposed to shrink the black market for drugs and cause cartels to shrink and move to other industries? It only made their jobs drastically easier, risk free, and **even more profitable**, leading to **even more murder** to protect that sweet revenue stream.
Using the Silk Road black market doesn't legitimize the industry or help make drugs legal, are you dense? It's just a platitude you tell yourself so you so don't have to think about the fact that the sausage in this product isn't made from some mistreated beef but from actual human suffering. 
You're literally arguing that creating a bigger and more efficient black market will somehow... combat black markets. The supply chain is where 99% of the human suffering occurs, and the Silk Road fueled that in ways nobody thought possible.
**Whether legalization would change that or not is irrelevant to reality and what we are currently discussing.** 
While I wish as much as you do that we all lived in some fantasy land where drugs are legal, we live in a real world where buying drugs from an online black market funds real terrorist organizations that spill real blood of real people like my family. The Silk Road made that process significantly more efficient, less logistics, less smuggling, less middle men to take cuts, all profit direct to the cartels. It's simply amazing you don't see how this causes more harm than good.
@_date: 2019-06-13 14:11:57
Lol not only is that a blatant lie you fell for, but never have I heard the phrase kill all white people in public. On the other hand I've heard it multiple times from white people about other races because people assume I'm *only* white (so on the same team or whatever). Mostly boomers, but young white millennials too.
There's no way an employer told you they had to fill a quota, I call bullshit. It doesn't even work that way, they'll reach out to universities with lots of people of color to get more diverse applicants, but at the end of the day, companies in our ultra competitive capitalist society just want the best person for the job. I've been on the hiring side for a top US company that is considered "diverse". We reach out to diverse universities along with the standard ivy leagues etc, but hiring decisions are made by the relevant managers. Their jobs depend on getting the best person to work for them, not the most diverse. As a result, we are still mostly white people, as white people have the best resources to pay for high level education, so are often more qualified and so get the job. Either way, the percentage of people "racist" against white people in those positions has to be statistically super low compared to those racist against black people and other minorities, considering most of those managers are white themselves.
Even if that happened to you, welcome to the club. Many of my friends have tried to apply for even basic retail jobs, only to have them say they're not hiring. Later, they'll walk in and see some new white girl manning the register. Sometimes they'll outright say it, though usually it's implied. What are you gonna do as a poor black person though, get a grand in debt suing a small business when you have no money and no physical evidence? Grow up, you have it good and you know it. There is no way you would trade places. 
Regarding being called racist? It's what happens when you say racist and ignorant things, like when you essentially called black people lazy for not getting to the wealth white people have accumulated over thousands of generations in just 5. Like when you say they kill each other, ignoring that white people are the leading murderers of white people as well, and that by very nature and necessity itself, poor people commit more crimes. Rich people don't kill people, but when they do, it's other rich people. Same for poor people, though the nature of crime means the poor will kill more rich than rich kill poor, this isn't rocket science. A change in wealth distribution through better and affordable education will solve this, which is what affirmative action is trying to accomplish.
@_date: 2018-06-05 16:46:35
Who says I use google search? You assume a lot of things for someone who claims to be wise and enlightened.  
Opinionated perspective? I've done nothing but ask you for your perspective, which you refuse to provide out of what appears to be a fear that your beliefs will be challenged. What makes you think you don't have an opinionated perspective? You say you are open minded, yet refuse to engage in any kind of dialogue with me that might lead to you changing your mind.
Factual: You are older than I am.  
Opinion: You believe you are wiser than I am.  
A wise person listens to people of all points of view, understands that everyone has their own perspective, and ultimately arrives at the truth by challenging their own beliefs. You've done none of those things in our discussion, especially the latter. If your beliefs can't stand the fire of criticism, then they're wrong.
It's quite remarkable how well you type out paragraphs that say absolutely nothing at all, yet you somehow leave the discussion feeling wise and superior.   
In all our discussion you have presented 0 facts, 0 research.
@_date: 2019-06-11 12:56:25
That's more about investing philosophy, not economics, but he could word it better. I think the point he makes is that Bitcoin won't be much of an investment once it reaches critical mass and achieves stability. He's also cautioning against going all in, not so much buying it at all.
I don't think he had much money to invest, but he probably also wanted to maintain a neutral perspective. It's hard to be impartial and objective when you have skin in the game. People would also call him a shill.
@_date: 2018-06-06 13:51:10
U.S. capital gains taxes on each transaction make it not worth it in my opinion. Tracking and reporting my pitiful amount of transactions was annoying enough last year, had to fix multiple errors while importing exchange transactions as well. 
I'll wait until there's more stability in the price (so delayed buy and replace doesn't screw me) and until there's a debit card that handles the tax side. Ideally, a debt card could also do buy and replace for you automatically. This would make it a no-brainer whenever you see a small discount for crypto, which eventually should be ubiquitous at at least credit card fee levels (1-3%).
@_date: 2019-08-09 21:15:57
Warren is a good investor, he's not an infallible god. The quote is a quip about being careful who you take your advice from. It's ironic considering Warren takes pride in his middle class home and middle class car, yet is still generally worth listening to. He himself is evidence highly successful investors often use modest forms of transportation.
Frankly, it's a dumb quip, as fund managers will ride the subway to chelsea piers where their rolls royce is parked. Never mind that an oil magnate will still need investment advice from someone who rides the subway, just as they need plumbing advice, construction advice etc from "subway riders". It's also possible to be a great investor without being ultra rich. If you start with $100 and get that to $1,000,000, you're still not riding to work in a rolls royce. Especially if you made those returns for someone else's company, not your own portfolio.
Also, the guy in the vid is worth $100 million and can afford multiple rolls royces, helicopters etc., so warren would consider him an investor worth listening to.
@_date: 2018-06-05 13:41:38
You're afraid of actually trying to debate me because you know there is literally nothing to support your claims.   
It's sad watching you deflect, maybe the flouride in your grape juice is messing with your brain. Your insults are childish and lack "original thought", it's almost like you're "preprogrammed". The hypocrisy is palpable.
@_date: 2018-06-05 14:16:43
I don't care about winning, I care about critical discourse, it's how civilization advances.
@_date: 2019-06-13 04:07:03


Wow, you really are ignorant and delusional. You think a race that was enslaved five generations ago (3 in some other countries) now has more rights and power than their former owners. Nevermind it was legal to descriminate against black people only 55 years ago. You think the civil rights act was a magic wand that got rid of racism and black poverty? Again, would you chose to be born as a random black person, where you are highly likely to live in a poor area with parents that make 30K or less *together*, where you can get shot over a speeding ticket, where people like yourself will judge you for not climbing out of abject poverty despite objectively shittier schools in your areas, where many will choose not to even consider dating you just for the color of your skin? **Be real with yourself, the answer is no.** Racism is alive and well (and holding political office). It's something you'll thankfully in all likelihood never experience.
It's not hard to find racist shit on T_D. A lot of it gets deleted, but there's enough that plenty gets left behind. Just search monkey, or read any thread on Obama or his family, and you'll find stuff like [this "song"]( and [this entire thread](
This is pointless. It takes 10x as much effort to disprove racist bullshit than it takes to spew it, I'm not wasting anymore of my time.
@_date: 2019-06-11 07:11:19
Andreas doesn't really fit with the other characters you mentioned, he's knowledgeable and makes no outrageous promises. 
I do agree with the sentiment though, but it's really the fact that the tech is still so new and volatile, and nobody knows how to value it.
@_date: 2018-06-30 00:53:10
You're a fucking idiot, that's no different than saying "someone else would have murdered them, so I might as well have". "If I hadn't bought those slaves, someone else would have". Unbelievably idiotic line of reasoning, are you 14 or something? DPR earned over 50 million from running a cartel infested black market, there is 0 justification for that if you have even a basic understanding of cartels. He even offered a biker gang distribution though his site, he knew he was profiting off death. 
The cartels were not operating an online, anonymous, escrowed Amazon for drugs, that was DPR's invention and it most definitely had an impact. 
The largest cartels rake in a few billion a year, the smaller ones a few million. The Silk Road processed over $1 billion in transactions and was growing rapidly towards the end of its life, that's not a blip and all transactions for cartels on that site were at a significantly higher profit margin, a key point I keep repeating that you keep skipping over.
The scale is irrelevant. If you contribute to the death of 1 person, it's still immoral. The Silk Road also had tons of identity theft and hard drives for sale that quite possibly contained CP, though the latter could only be verified by a buyer since it was technically forbidden to advertise it.
You're the one putting libertarian ideology over human lives, I just want less of my family members getting shot over recreational drugs you sick fuck. The cartels existed before SR, and they exist afterwards, but DPR temporarily made them even more powerful, and that's an unforgivable crime.  
Grow a conscience and maybe educate yourself on what the cartels do to people in Latin America. They also kidnap tourist white women and sell them into slavery, so maybe you'll care more about your silk road purchases funding that.
@_date: 2019-06-12 22:32:19
Low grade manufacturing will never return to the US. You want Americans putting Nike shoes together, or you want them designing them? The latter won't keep happening so long as Republicans and Trump's secretary of education keep sabotaging public education. The only major industries we still manufacture for are automobiles and aerospace, but that's because of transportation costs and the minimal need for actual hands on labor. Even then, much of the high end manufacturing is done in western countries with lower wages. Americans are too expensive for assembly lines, and that is good. Trump hasn't changed any of that, aside from sabotaging solar (which has more american jobs than coal). We should be modernizing and leading the charge in green energy, but instead we are falling behind as Trump pretends 99% of scientists don't know what they're doing. Hell now we know even Exxon has known climate change is real for decades. You're defending a bald faced liar and it is pathetic.
JFK was a womanizer, as were many presidents of the past, including Bill Clinton. It wasn't acceptable then, he was held accountable, **it isn't acceptable now**. Obama didn't do any of that shit, but his family still got raked over the coals. To this day, T_D still call them monkeys, call his wife a man, and his daughters sluts. Meanwhile, Trump married a nude model (nothing wrong with it, just hypocritical), and he practiced nepotism by hiring his family for government jobs. He currently makes money off the presidency by having the government and foreign governments buy rooms in his private, overpriced hotels. Somehow this is okay with the right after years of harping over nonexistent payoffs to Clinton.
The right didn't lose their minds under Obama? Haha omg okay, he couldn't even use Dijon mustard without getting called an elitist. The S&amp;P500 went up under Obama an average of 16.5% a year, 235% in total, but republicans pretend it never happened. 
The left got "equality", hahaha would you honestly choose to be reborn as a random black person (possibly woman) in 2019? Would you roll the dice? Nevermind the constant racism, generations of slavery have left them economically crippled, with minimal education. Many black people's parents and/or grandparents went to segregated schools, this isn't ancient history. No property to pass on, no stocks, no college funds, they started from 0, negative if they needed a car or wanted to start a business etc. Their ***median*** household income was 39k in 2016 compared to 61k for whites, and it gets exponentially worse when you look at wealth accumulation over generations due to what I mentioned before. Objectively this was the fault of white people in the past, but the point isn't to punish them (us) in the present, it's to get them to speak out against the racists that still exist, to get them to recognize the issues, take them seriously, and address them. Seeing as how the republicans in power are like 95% white old men, we kind of need them to do it, or it won't happen for generations.
As for expectations for Trump, "not crashing the market" is pretty low, and few people in finance or economics really believed that would happen. As one of them, I can say many are changing their mind about that considering recent actions. It takes a long time for presidential actions to affect the economy, but we are now seeing the effects, and they are **not** good.
@_date: 2019-06-12 20:56:36
When did JFK say he likes to grab women by the pussy, put up anti free market tariffs, shit on our allies, and write angry misspelled twitter attacks during his 3am shit? 
Don't get me wrong, JFK wasn't perfect, but you're delusional if you think they are comparable. The market has gone sideways since Trump's policies have gone into effect for a reason. Look at how the SP500 has moved since Jan 2018. We should be on the largest bull run in our history, and instead we get this sideways crap with even higher volatility. The market literally dumps whenever this idiot tweets about policies we don't even know if he will act on because it increasingly shows how much of an arrogant moron he is. The right lost their minds under 8 years of Obama, for obvious racist reasons, nevermind he brought unemployment and the market from the literal brink of collapse. How convenient the right doesn't look at 5-10 year trends. This is why I left the Republican party.
@_date: 2017-11-06 19:47:02
Undelete and Recuva may be able to help. 2 re-formats means probably not, but it's worth a try.
@_date: 2019-06-13 05:09:19
Your argument is ridiculous. Rap did not destroy racism, it's alive and well. I showed you examples, there are plenty more every day in the news when black people are discriminated against in the work place, at restaurants, and in the courthouse. 
Show some self awareness, what's the worst "racism" you (if you're white) have personally experienced, in the real world?
@_date: 2019-04-22 13:50:34
How the hell is Medicare for all and free basic college education any more socialist in America than it is in the Nordic countries?
"Those countries aren't socialist"
"Okay, let's adopt those policies then"
"Hurr that's socialism!"
If you're complaining about taxing the rich, the rich (and everyone else) all pay higher **effective** taxes in the Nordic countries. The US system is riddled with subsidies and loopholes that make it easy to reduce your tax burden if you're rich. I'm not loaded, but I know I pay less taxes than many lower income friends because of my ability to use my own high consumption to reduce taxes (donating excess old shit), and because I get to tuck away more money in pre-tax Roth (since I don't need it to survive/make rent). As you get richer, more and more options open up to reduce your tax burden.
@_date: 2019-04-22 13:54:12
All he's saying is that they are a market economy with socialist safety nets. This is literally what people have been asking for in the US for years.
@_date: 2019-04-22 13:58:08
Yup, they're market economies with socialist safety nets supported by slightly higher taxes (with less loopholes/incentives like the US). I'm not his biggest fan, but that's literally all Bernie and others have been asking for.
@_date: 2018-11-05 16:44:02
Show me the proof. You're getting angry, which is why you got banned last time.
@_date: 2018-11-07 16:28:13
Oh trust me, I always recommend credit unions if available, but they aren't always available, and don't handle the same volume or scale that banks do. It's the same with many other industries, the local co-op has better prices and fresher produce, but they don't provide the same variety and couldn't handle a large volume of customers or a large business account.


Not sure what your criteria is for that, but you could argue almost every large company in the world is run by corrupt people. The other 99.99% of the company work force are just normal people.
Calling people not human and "lizards" is a little far though. Not every CEO is a bad person, I'm pretty okay with Bill Gates. I also don't think 19th century capital punishment (via hanging like OP mentioned) is the answer to corporate "corruption".


This is true of every for profit company in the world. Every for profit company is trying to extract as much money from people as they can in order to deliver it to the owner(s).
@_date: 2018-11-05 15:53:25
Greatawakening had lots of hateful speech, did you ever open it? It was way worse than T_D has ever been, and T_D breaks the ToS on the reg. I don't believe you were a Democrat for a second based on your comments. I was a life long Republican until 2016, but I never spent time on those fear-mongering type of subs. Every time I hear "I was a Democrat", a quick view of the profile shows the complete opposite.


Demographic trends. Only 21% of [Reddit users]( identify as conservative, only 19% among the news subreddits. I see tons of conservative viewpoints in etc., but they often get downvoted by the moderate and left leaning majority.
@_date: 2018-11-01 23:08:56
I've never heard anyone argue that twitter or other social networks are censoring left wing views, and the rest of your comment confirms that.
I never considered myself a "Republican Republican", it was just the way I tended to lean. I disagreed with them on a lot of things, and feel they have moved further right and left me behind. Associating yourself with a party, or even just voting for members of one, does not mean you can't think for yourself or that you are limiting yourself. I now lean Democrat, so obviously I wasn't limiting myself before if I'm able to change my mind about such a long held association.
As far as who is controlling the flow of information? Fox News, a single company, constitutes the vast majority of right leaning viewership/readership. How is that not control? Ever see the Fox News homepage after a major Trump scandal or arrest? One of the other largest right wing publications literally had its co-founder as an adviser to the president. What about the Koch brothers, the Mercer's, Murdoch, and Sheldon Adelson? Is that not control? I'm all for a more distributed press, but the left and center have tons more media options than the right, which indicates much less "control" over narratives.
If you think the left is socialist, you don't understand what socialism is. We have always had some socialist policies in the U.S., like Social Security, public education, libraries, public infrastructure/energy etc., but the left wing of the U.S. is conservative in every other major country. Even then, socialism is not inherently bad, that's just tribalism as you decry yourself. I say that as a rampant free-market capitalist. Aspects of socialism have worked really well for many countries, as it has worked poorly for others. Same can be said for capitalism. Implementation is key.
I really mean no offense, but you're repeating pretty common right wing talking points. I know we didn't intend to get into this type of conversation, but I had to address that because you seem to claim you're not right wing and that I was wrong to assume so.
@_date: 2018-11-01 20:54:26


And yet you did.
Claiming superiority over anyone is incredibly vain and arrogant. There are a lot of dumb religious people out there, but there are also many incredibly intelligent people that are spiritual or religious. Hell the father of evolution, Charles Darwin, believed in a god. Are you superior to him?
@_date: 2018-11-01 22:16:02
That's not what I meant, the population of Reddit is left leaning, hence why its trending topics will almost always be left leaning. The largest enclave of right leaning individuals is hosted on Reddit. The company itself may believe in left leaning social issues, but they have allowed several right leaning echo chambers to flourish on this site, even when they break the rules. They haven't shut down TD simply because it would "look bad".
I still haven't seen any convincing evidence that Jack, or Twitter, are censoring conservatives intentionally. Occam's razor would suggest it's more likely that conservatives have broken the TOS more often. That may not necessarily be for negative reasons, could just be that it's more aggravating being a conservative in a social network where most other people are left leaning.
Anyway, my point is there is no solution to that problem that doesn't lead to some introspection about the value of conservative beliefs. I say this as a former "moderate Republican" (RIP 2016).
@_date: 2018-11-07 19:42:47
When argument fails, you go straight to the ad hominem.
@_date: 2018-11-01 13:50:44
You know what they meant, don't be obnoxious and derail for the sake of mocking something completely unrelated.
@_date: 2018-11-07 22:00:44
Yup, I think Hal is more likely though. Nick's persona feels different, Hal's is very similar to SN.
@_date: 2018-11-09 16:05:21
Yeah of course, just saying we are nowhere near that right now. This sub is still primarily libertarian/right wing.
@_date: 2018-11-14 18:48:37
Name calling with the NPC meme is literally the most "NPC" thing you can do. You're just parroting repetitive insults you heard elsewhere at over generalized strawmen. You know, like a non-player character...
@_date: 2018-11-07 18:17:35
lol okay dude, guess there are no innocent police officers or bankers since at least one police officer and banker in the world has done shady shit. And god forbid anyone try to change a system from the inside.
Do you feel the same about all the bad apples using Bitcoin as a tool to hurt people? You know we're providing liquidity for them right, the guilt is just more distributed.
@_date: 2018-11-01 21:27:00
Trending topics from Reddit will always be left leaning because Reddit is left leaning. Followers disappeared because they deleted tons of bot accounts. Jack is the CEO of a $25B company, he doesn't have the time to personally enact any of this. Maybe he has people do it, I just don't see any evidence of it, and he's got bigger problems to deal with (like how Twitter sucks).
If you don't like the private platforms that exist, you either have to make your own, or concede that either you're wrong about those platforms, or your beliefs are simply not popular enough to have garnered the creation of a platform. 
I don't know what to tell you. The options are: government regulation, create your own network, try to get people to move to your network of choice. Social networks rise and fall all the time, the larger ones just have a better chance at sticking around. Why do you think Facebook bought Oculus? They saw the writing on the wall, new tech will make most current social networks obsolete.
@_date: 2018-11-05 16:42:11
That's not passion, it's clear and direct **anger**. You broke Reddiquette, and as the sidebar indicated would happen, you were banned.
Your true beliefs also shine through a little by calling Kaep a "fake black kid" and saying "white people did this for you" even though black men and women sign up more for the military proportionally than any other race/ethnicity (as the military is often their best option due to decades of socioeconomic oppression that are only just now ending).
@_date: 2018-11-05 16:13:35


Again, you have no proof of that, it's just something you like saying.
Reddit's audience has always been left leaning, it's like showing up to a hippie convention and getting upset that nobody wants to hear your rant on illegal immigration.


This epitomizes current Republican thought.
"Who cares if I'm hurting people, I want to win" 
"Who cares if the planet's dying, it's dying slowly, I won't be here"  
"Who cares if nobody likes what I'm saying, I'll just say it louder"  
"Who cares if the facts are wrong, it makes me feel good"  
"Who cares if he lies all the time, we won"  
I saw toxic and outright hate speech on greatawakening all the time, and places like that have led to the recent string of right wing domestic terrorism.


Where? I almost never see that, and mods in left leaning subreddits get rid of it almost immediately. The few times I've seen something hateful before it got deleted, it was massively downvoted. Meanwhile on T_D Obama is getting called Obongo with [3.7K upvotes]( 
@_date: 2018-11-05 16:19:40
You have no proof conservatives are disproportionately banned. It's literally just your feelings, which you seem to be losing control of right now. Maybe that's why conservatives tend to get banned more?
@_date: 2018-11-05 16:23:51
Hahaha it's so obvious why you got banned. I'm assuming this was the comment?


Tbh, you might have gotten banned for the anger and vitriol more so than your opinions, but whatever.
@_date: 2018-11-07 17:18:37
You're supposed to drink the kool-aid, not chug it.
Are you including the accountants too? What about human resources, they're co-conspirators, right? Why stop there, marketing? How about the bank's clients? They knew who they were dealing with, right?
@_date: 2018-11-14 20:09:48
Not bothered by it, just over it, evokes the groan response you know? Like if we're going to devolve to insults over dialogue, let's at least rise above playground level name calling? Maybe come up with something new?
Surprised you agree, just glanced at your post history and it's what I expected. We're all human though, and humans are complex enough to cross divides to crap on common denominators ;)
@_date: 2018-11-05 15:41:33
Freedom of expression goes both ways. If I'm a website hosting user content, I don't have to feel the need to host hateful rhetoric. Social Media isn't a utility until it gets regulated as such. Even then, exceptions for hateful rhetoric will likely always exist.
Still haven't even seen any proof of this grand conspiracy to censor conservative thought.
@_date: 2018-11-14 20:51:39
Not gonna open the can of worms regarding left wing philosophy, but I don't see the link to printing more money. The right wing is currently causing increased deficits and ballooning debt, in a time of prosperity where we are supposed to be doing the opposite so that we are well prepared for the next economic shock. The direct result of these policies from the right wing will likely require an increase in money printing in the near future.
The NPC meme is a little funny, but it's harmful. It puts slogans/memery over critical thinking and discussion. It ironically encourages one-sided thinking and it dehumanizes people with differing opinions. It also dismisses all criticism of right wing ideology by implying that people disagreeing must be brain-dead, brainwashed, or just incapable of forming a unique opinion. I'm not going to outright say it's fascist, but it's easy to see the parallels with dehumanization and demonization of perceived "opponents". It's a definitive mark in our declining ability to step outside our comfortable bubbles of people that agree with us and tell us what we want to hear. I know you agree with that to some level, just laying out why I bothered to respond to this all in the first place.
@_date: 2018-11-05 15:59:53
It's not hard to make a new account, nobody enforces those rules. Where's your evidence? Or is it just a gut feeling? Or is it just something you hear repeated in your ear over and over and over again by conservative circles on this website that can't grasp the fact that almost the entire website audience leans left.


That's not a response, you provide no solution to the paradox of wanting your "free speech" on a private platform without regulation. Saying "you just don't get it" doesn't accomplish anything and just shows your frustration with the fact that your argument makes no sense and is just rooted in frustration over being one of the few conservatives that accesses more than Fox News and Breitbart. Conservatives have corralled themselves into safe spaces, and get upset when challenged outside of them.
@_date: 2018-11-14 19:58:43
I responded to an emotional insult with a logical critique and somehow I'm the one that's "triggered"? Haha okay.
Speaking of repetitive, don't even have to click your username to find out where you picked up the "Snowflake" insult habit. Make up your own material.
@_date: 2018-11-15 02:44:16
YouTube and Facebook are companies, not part of the Democratic party. Libertarianism would have you let companies do what they want. I'm all for the return of the fairness doctrine (in some shape or form), but I honestly have not seen convincing evidence of that suppression on a wide scale anyway. Either way, they don't speak for all liberals, they're companies. I'm fine with some intervention, but Fox News needs to stop feeding bullshit conspiracies too.
I know the border exists. I'm from a border state and have family across the border. I know how bad that area can be, and why good hard working people make the difficult decision to risk everything to escape their situation.
The left is still mostly run by white males, what are you talking about? I'm a white male, the plight of the white male is ridiculous. Would you honestly take the chances of a re-roll? You will likely wake up as a Chinese peasant. What do we honestly have to complain about? Even if you are lucky enough to be a rich minority (very very tiny chance), you will always experience racism. You will always be under represented in media. It hurts, and it negatively affects your outcomes in most aspects of your life at varying levels of severity.
The NPC meme is insulting, it says you don't take the person's ideas seriously, that you think their ideas are stupid, or the result of some grand conspiracy. The left is just as capable as the right of thinking for themselves. We're all people, the NPC meme gets in the way of that. 
@_date: 2018-11-01 23:54:18
Haha true that, agreed and thanks for keeping it civil.
@_date: 2018-11-01 17:42:44
While I haven't seen convincing evidence of this, I don't entirely doubt it.
Thing is, it's a private platform. If you don't like what their censoring, make some noise on the platform and get people to quit. Or just stop using it.
What's your suggestion, to have the government approve/disapprove what they choose to remove? This same standard would have to apply to all social networks, and it would likely be very costly for the government.
@_date: 2019-01-09 18:24:17
Haha okay dude, you're living in a fantasy world over there. There's no point in continuing this "discussion", clearly you have a lot of underlying issues that neither of us have the time to unpack, and views that we are never going to agree on. I'm not gonna quote text battle an immovable object, or really anything for that matter considering I'm on mobile. You do you, just do us all a favor and stay on Gab.
@_date: 2018-11-07 17:43:37
Or just people that are unaware of the corruption. I don't know what people are doing in marketing. Most banks are strictly separated in functions for regulatory and strategic purposes. Also, idk about you, but I don't know exactly what my co-workers are doing. If I'm a police officer and my partner does shady stuff while I'm not around, how am I supposed to know? What if he's not even my partner, how am I supposed to know what other people do?
You've taken an incredibly simplistic view that has largely been influenced by the popularity of hating on banks, combined with the Bitcoin community's disdain for banks. You've elevated them in your mind to super-villain level, when Occam's razor would suggest that some people are just shitty and ruin things for everyone else. 
@_date: 2018-11-07 14:54:46
That's what test nets are for. The real test is to send it to the first person willing to try your technology.
Not that Hal isn't SN, I think it's very likely.
@_date: 2018-11-07 18:51:20
Lots of ransomware (not just personal, city infrastructure etc.), dark-net trades in everything from drugs to human trafficking. Mixing is easy, and a trip through Monero or Z cash can provide further anonymity. A lot of that has moved to privacy coins, but BTC is needed for the higher liquidity and convertibility into fiat. Also doesn't change the fact that BTC was the currency used during the silk road years, hell it's what DPR used to pay his "hitman".
I'm not saying BTC is a corrupt system, but technically people have been harmed through BTC (as with USD), which by your definition makes everyone supporting that system guilty.
@_date: 2019-01-09 19:02:41
Good for you, youre probably doing it right then. 
Personally I'll stick to rooms with less Nazis, but you do you.
@_date: 2018-03-02 16:14:27


It doesn't, it just makes me laugh because it shows you get your information from hacks like Alex Jones that exaggerate and make up faux issues to rile you up, all just to line their own pockets. Rage = ratings = money. In Jone's case, he even uses it to sell snake oil pills. 
It's hilarious you think that this is somehow a serious issue compared to all the real issues both domestic and abroad, and that you even think this is a widespread issue when it is clearly not.  
Education is extremely localized and you will only find gender and similar topics discussed in liberal enclaves and highly metropolitan areas - as local educational policy tends to reflect the constituents. You will not find this shit in Kentucky, although a Louisville school did allow a transgender student to use a women's bathroom. That's not what you were talking about though.  
The handful of places that do bring up gender identity don't preach 50 genders or whatever bull you read, they teach that gender identity is a spectrum between the two genders, aka you don't mentally have to identify as a 1 or a 0, you can be a .5). They also stress that genders don't tie you to specific behaviors, like playing with dolls or trucks, which is indisputably healthy since a curious child should play with whatever the hell they feel like it (as long as it's not forced). Biological gender is not disputed.
Also how is this a bigger issue (or even different) than deep red states and bible belt states (like where I grew up) having very poor education and even teaching religious theories like creationism in publicly funded or tax payer reimbursed schools?  


Your premise is objectively wrong then, "Millennials" is **literally** just another word for Gen Y (the successors to Gen X), the wikipedia page for Gen Y even redirects to Millennials. Look up the age ranges, they are the same (70/80's to late 90's). Google Gen Y and all you get are articles about Millennials, often actually stating "Gen Y or more commonly known as Millennials". Know what's even funnier? The magazine where the term "Gen Y" was coined had this to say about the term "Millennials": 


All that aside, the idea of generations is purely marketing, in fact the terms are coined by marketers, and they compete to make up the names just like with Gen Y and Millennial. It does not make sense to have breakpoints in a global culture that is so quickly evolving, but it's not like Gen X was born in the industrial revolution or something, the overlap is quite large.  
If you truly believe education is the problem, how is that Millennial's fault? Why would it be a Millennials fault that they were **taught** about gender by presumably someone from an older generation that you somehow seem to respect more? What is it about Millennials that you think makes them different? You seem to imply it's something inherent about them, like a genetic issue that makes them have negative traits, which has to be the stupidest thing I've ever heard.
@_date: 2018-11-07 15:13:39
It's log scale, used to be able to better visualize exponential growth. 
Otherwise all of 2014 is a flat line compared to the height of 2017, even though fortunes were made and broken during that "flat line".
@_date: 2019-01-09 22:05:17
I didn't censor you, just exercised my free speech right to laugh and avoid interaction with what's possibly an unstable individual. 
I don't know if you were censored for your views or for how you expressed them (more likely), but I do know most people don't have this problem and for very good reason. I also know Gab is a shit alternative currently full of literal no exaggeration Nazi propaganda. Call me when there's a decent free speech social network that isn't 90% Nazi and far right cooks, I'll be all over it.
@_date: 2019-01-09 21:14:16
Only if everyone else has already written "stupid bitch mirror" on it, in which case it might just be one.
@_date: 2018-11-07 19:22:29
You can look up his correspondence, and there's no point in prosecuting someone that is serving a double life sentence. One of the agents in that case also bungled it by keeping some of the Bitcoin, so it wasn't worth the trouble considering he's already never getting out.
Silk road had a lot more than that, hard life destroying drugs, stolen goods, identity theft, never-mind the questionable hard drives. There were and still are other less restrictive dark markets that allowed for fire arms and stolen credit cards. The silk road was also an off-ramp for cartels and gangs, which do hurt very real people, including my own family.
This is off topic, but my point was that your view is incredibly simplistic. Perhaps intentionally, as it's a lot more satisfying than nuance.
@_date: 2018-11-05 14:42:49


It's possible to make a conservative leaning social network without creating a haven for hate speech, just like it's possible to have left leaning social networks without said hate speech. Speaking of conservative values, GoDaddy refusing to host them is just "the market" speaking. There are other domain hosts.


You're right, but don't be surprised when the significantly larger left leaning audience doesn't agree with your views. Conservatives have always been on Reddit and Twitter, but have never been the majority, even as they were "built". If you want to be surrounded by a right leaning audience, find one or make your own. There are a few safe spaces here on Reddit, but the rest of us aren't going to agree when stuff said there starts leaking.
@_date: 2018-11-14 22:05:44
Thanks for the detailed response!
IDK if he's being malicious, I think it's more likely that he is going in with prejudice, and so is likely to find the issues he wants to find. That doesn't mean he will do much investigation further into what mitigates those issues.
@_date: 2018-11-07 14:58:28
His point is you shouldn't assume anything at all. 
I don't think there's anything wrong with using "him" to discuss a male pseudonym, but you have to acknowledge "they" is the better pronoun for a person or persons we don't objectively know the gender of. 
You can argue that it's more likely SN was a male, but it's not relevant. Women also have a history of using male pseudonyms to be taken more seriously, and to better protect their identity. Hell, I think I would have chosen a female pseudonym just to throw people off my scent even more.
@_date: 2019-01-09 16:34:20
The vast majority of us haven't had any problems exercising our free speech on social networks, probably because our speech doesn't involve denigrating others or breaking ToS's.
Show me a social network ToS that discriminates against sex, race, or religion. You can't, because that's a classic strawman argument, the only example might be Stormfront, which isn't helping your case.
Believe whatever you want, Gab is a safe haven for white nationalists and that's likely all it'll ever be used for so long as they keep catering to them. Their own statements indicate they see themselves as a home for extremist conservative users. Perception matters. Afghanistan could try and crack down on terrorism and embrace capitalism, but that doesn't mean I'm gonna want to visit it or that my opinion of the country will drastically change.
@_date: 2018-11-14 21:52:18
That's a characterization that is simply not true, and lacks nuance. It's like saying right wingers want to kick out all Mexicans, maintain white superiority, and install state media (Fox News). I'd say that's mostly untrue, even if I can cherry pick examples of right wingers calling for all three.
There's nothing wrong with border control, but there are also ethical ways to handle it, and building a giant fence won't be effective and will cost inordinate amounts of money from the imminent domain lawsuits alone. We also don't need to treat people that were born here and have known no other country as if they are trespassers that need to be evicted to countries where they don't even speak the language. We also need to acknowledge the awkward fact that illegal immigration props ups much of our economy, and is the reason why our produce is so affordable. We can fight illegal immigration by cracking down on their employers, but also need to accept that the loss of cheap labor is going to hurt us too.
Not much to say about villainizing white males, it's a strawman argument, very few people on the left "hate" white males. It's easy to cherry pick though. Our culture still disproportionately features white males as the leading protagonists in our stories/cinema, and so are seen as more desirable in life and sex. They (we) also still hold the majority of positions of power, propelled by generations of wealth collection derived from ownership and legalized superiority to other races/ethnicities. It's possible to acknowledge these issues and try to reverse some of the effects without "hating" white males. It's tough seeing change that is trying to reverse the effects of these issues, but it doesn't mean people are trying to "erase" white males.
Liberals don't hate free speech, they just disagree with you, and are voicing that disagreement as loudly as they can, as is their right. The NPC meme, if anything, embodies the right's recent move to try and diminish the value of and limit that free speech. It's an attempt to dismiss that free speech, instead of engaging with it. It's a lot easier to do the former than it is to do the latter, so people choose the path of least resistance.
@_date: 2018-11-01 22:47:19
Darwin isn't the only example, there are highly intelligent and sophisticated people all over the world and all throughout history that believe in some from of a god (individual, collective, whatever). You are not superior to all of those people simply because you do not believe in a god, whether you are right about that fact or not (and we truly will never know, possibly even in death).
I comment for entertainment purposes, as you said you do. Your earlier comments were passionate and... cringey, so I challenged them. The added benefit is that maybe others reading will be more tolerant of other people's beliefs in their own future discussions. 
You sound worn out, and I'm pretty over it myself, so this isn't fun anymore. We'll have to agree to disagree then.
@_date: 2019-01-09 21:22:04
I just assumed your comment was what it looked like, a failed attempt at wit.
Gab is not the second coming of the Nazi's, they just choose to congregate there. You can easily verify it by scrolling through their popular feed. Call it whatever you want, but most people are going to see the Nazi content and call Gab what it is, a Nazi and far right version of Twitter. If one day that changes and it's 90% My Little Pony fans that "happen" to congregate there, I'll call it a My Little Pony version of Twitter.
@_date: 2019-01-09 19:50:40
Like the other guy says, I'll stop using Firefox they day I see it covered in Nazi propaganda. I'll also quit Facebook and Reddit the day they do the same, or start mass censoring non-hate speech.
The fact of the matter is that Gab is full of Nazi's, you can literally verify that by just scrolling through their popular feed. This is who they attracted. I'll visit the next free speech social network that isn't 90% far right and Nazi propaganda.
@_date: 2019-01-10 04:38:56
Because there are like 20 users.
@_date: 2019-01-09 18:55:42
Keep telling yourself that. Free speech advocates don't get banned from literally every social network, free speech advocates that use hateful rhetoric do.
Free speech means the rest of us have the right to ask owners of private companies to remove people that spout hate on their private networks. Free speech in action!
@_date: 2019-01-09 19:53:06
Yeah, those exist, they usually throw out Nazis though. 
If I visit a regular bar full of Nazis though, I'm calling it a Nazi bar, not a regular bar. I see tons of Nazi's on Gab right now, so I'll call it what it is, a far right white nationalist safe haven.
@_date: 2019-01-09 17:29:16
Uh what thugs of mine are going to beat people up on Gab? I just visited out of curiosity and found Nazi propaganda on the front page as the third most popular post. Not interested in visiting it anymore.
Yeah, they've only reached out to right wing nuts, as you've just admitted. Well, why not keep the theme and broaden it to Islamic far right groups as well? Their "free speech" is pretty heavily persecuted. Then Gab can become a regular terrorist haven instead of just a domestic one. Throw in some crazy left wing groups in too and you've got a stew going!
@_date: 2018-11-07 15:54:02
Banking is just an industry, the vast majority of bankers are normal people trying to make a living to support their family.
It's easy to hate bankers, just like it's easy to hate lawyers, or insurance companies, but they all serve an important purpose. 
Bad apples exist in every industry, we see nurses and doctors intentionally killing their patients all the time, but certain industries by nature have an impact on more people. For example, a good politician can turn a country around and make it more prosperous and peaceful, or they can start wars and oppress. Bankers don't have as much power, but yes, enough that bad apples have used it to cause a lot of damage. On the other-hand, just about every small business in the united states started with a loan from a bank. Every mortgage to buy a home comes from a bank. Every retiree had a banker manage or direct their funds so they can now live out the rest of their lives independently.
You forget that we are all human, and are generalizing an entire group of people off the mistakes of the few. When you start typing in all caps and bolding things, it's typically a sign that you've let your emotions override your reasoning. Rethink your position.
@_date: 2019-01-09 18:28:21
It just rolls off the tongue nicely.
@_date: 2018-11-07 16:17:56
True, but someone's gotta try, right? Or not. Maybe not.
@_date: 2018-11-08 18:38:09
Most people on this sub appear to lean right to far right, so I doubt that's the issue.
@_date: 2019-01-09 23:07:59
They're really not simple, talking about any of the three will lead to lengthy replies that I'm too tired for at this point.
Idk why you got banned, but Politics can be a little testy. I'm not a fan of how much power mods have over subreddits (The_Donald is the worst example of mod censorship I've ever seen). Not sure what the fix is, but that's why new subreddit clones crop up all the time.
I'll check it out. Sounds like it may be a little too complex for mainstream adoption though. I'm sure we'll have mainstream decentralized social networks at some point though.
@_date: 2019-01-09 18:18:01
You should get your eyes checked, the post I'm talking about is still on there as  more Nazi propaganda below it at  Nearly everything else on there is regular far right stuff, often being posted by the same people who post the white nationalist junk. Go ahead and pretend it's some free speech utopia where everyone is welcome though.
Next you'll tell me Nazi memes and propaganda are rare on 4chan and 8chan...
@_date: 2019-01-09 19:45:08
Oh boy.
Enjoy Gab.
@_date: 2018-02-15 18:23:20
"Waaaah I want the benefits of living in a country without having to pay for the share of expensive communal infrastructure and resources I use every day."
@_date: 2018-11-01 23:57:05


I just don't agree there's much evidence to support this, and at minimum there's not much to support that it is wide spread. The other stuff is more polarizing, but I think we can both agree that the size of some of these social media companies is concerning because of the power and influence it grants them. You are right to be skeptical of them, and I think we can close on that.
@_date: 2018-11-14 21:16:40
Thanks, is there a time gap between retries? I remember seeing a graph where certain amounts had a high % chance of failing to find a path. If they can keep trying, and can do so quickly, then that's not as important.
@_date: 2018-02-14 21:35:43
Duh. Are you saying 500% gains in a year are somehow bad?  
Look at Bitcoin's history and zoom in on every spike, we've had crashes that were much worse. Frankly I thought it was highly possible we'd level out at 4K or 5k and not get near 10K until later in the year.
@_date: 2018-02-14 16:10:39
Except everyone from those 8 years up until November is still up by a lot. Downvoting me won't make that untrue, just makes you petty.  
Looking at the number of unique wallets created during the recent pump and dump, you can estimate that around 83% of people are in the green.
@_date: 2018-03-01 02:23:56
I never said there were more than 2 genders, you simply inferred that because it's what you wanted to believe. I think 90%+ of millenials would agree there are only two genders, in fact a poll showed that only 4% of millennials said "don't know" to the idea of two genders, with 46% saying 2 and the rest saying it's a spectrum between the two, much like you're not poor or rich but often somewhere in between (though obviously most people fit into a binary feeling of gender). Of course biologically there are only two genders, the question is in terms of mental *identification* of gender. Your fixation on IQ obviously comes from a feeling of inferiority, but I'd be happy to compare qualitative measures if that's what you'd like.  
Btw you recognize you're a millennial if you're Gen Y right? Asking because you did not appear to grasp that in your first post.
@_date: 2019-01-09 15:06:12
Yeah, but if you own a bar and the only people that show up are white nationalists, you're a white nationalist bar, whether you're called Stormfront or Applebees. 
Bars that don't want a label like that will try and make the bar appeal more to other groups, or will outright refuse service depending on TOS. If you choose to not "manage" your customer base at all, *then you are your customer base*, whether that makes you a college bar, a gay bar, or a white nationalist bar. You can't have it both ways.
@_date: 2019-01-09 18:40:24
Except Gab is not currently a mix of coke, milk, and other stuff, it's 90% far right content created by Nazi sympathizers. If that ever changes, maybe I'll consider Gab something else. For now, I call it what it is and what they advertise as, a far right safe haven which currently mostly harbors white nationalists.
@_date: 2019-01-09 18:12:11
They can shout over you, which is what would happen on Gab. Attacking people is illegal, the online equivalent would be doxing, which absolutely will be attempted on Gab.
The bar example is to understand that the people that attend a lounge or "online room" define what that room is about, not the sign on the door, unless the bartender or moderator decides to moderate. With absolutely no rules, a place just becomes a glass of whatever water fills it, whether that's 90% white nationalist water or 90% LGBT water.
Also they advertise themselves as a far right platform, so not exactly welcoming to others anyway.
@_date: 2019-01-09 18:45:36
Angry much? Dare I say... hateful?
It doesn't matter what your views are, your venue is composed of who you've attracted to it. I might be straight, but if I run a regular bar that is 90% LGBT, it's a gay bar. Me being straight and my bar being "regular" do not change that it became a gay bar. If I don't like that, I can try and attract a more varied audience. So far, Gab seems content with keeping their audience 90% far right and white nationalist.
@_date: 2019-01-09 18:51:26
I use Reddit on my PC as well, but I'm not going home and quote text battling a believer in the globalist conspiracy against the far right, it's not gonna go anywhere.
@_date: 2019-01-09 17:01:44
Okay have fun visiting the white nationalist bar with the "totally not a white nationalist bar" sign out front. The rest of us will see it for what it is and move on.
Maybe Gab should reach out to other persecuted and ostracized groups if they want to change their image. So far, they've advertised themselves as a far right safe haven, and that's the only user group they've attracted.
@_date: 2019-01-09 19:47:15
Gab advertises themselves as a haven for the far right (and also free speech). I also see lots of Nazi propaganda there. Therefore, it's a home to far right "free speech advocates" and Nazi sympathizers.
If that ever changes, I'll change my opinion. Currently though, it is what it is.
@_date: 2019-01-09 22:13:54
This is r/Bitcoin, not r/Politics, not going to discuss any of that with you, especially considering the depth and complexity of each the issues. They're nuanced topics, something I find you and extremists both fail to recognize.
Thanks for the link, I'll check it out when I get home. Any estimates on the user base?
@_date: 2018-11-14 22:06:06
Excellent, thanks!
@_date: 2018-11-07 15:07:42


This is not the sign of a stable individual.
Don't dehumanize and demonize your political opponents, calls for such violence make you objectively worse than them. We don't need this kind of toxicity in the BTC community.
@_date: 2019-01-09 18:59:30
I seriously doubt that, the vast majority of people don't get censored on traditional social media, and in fact prefer that the Nazi's and other hateful people get pushed off. Censoring regular harmless people is bad for business, not that they're perfect (see Youtube).
I do look forward to decentralized social networks, but they'll probably be shunned at first by most, much in the same way that 4chan and Gab are. It's like subway cars, nobody wants to be in the one with even just one crazy naked dude, plenty of other more pleasant cars to be in.
@_date: 2019-01-09 17:24:54
Literally the third post under Popular posts is someone claiming Hitler was good and that we fought for the Jewish bankers. The first comment on it uses hate speech and calls for the return of Nazi Germany and eugenics.
Would you show up to a bar that was 90% filled with Nazis?
@_date: 2019-01-09 23:15:11
Because they're all private networks, just like Gab. Gab just chooses to allow literal hate speech. Twitter does not advertise as a free speech platform, none of the major networks do. They don't censor the vast vast majority of political, religious, and otherwise peaceful yet controversial content though. It's not a coincidence that the only free speech social network is just full of all the hateful idiots kicked out of the regular social networks.
@_date: 2018-11-01 23:19:57
Mature, I'll take it.
@_date: 2018-11-14 18:43:18
That's a 20% annual return assuming stable stock price. No way any stock is paying that high of a dividend, at least not consistently. Maybe one of your stocks paid a higher than average dividend from repatriation of cash or the tax cuts, but that's not going to be a constant.
@_date: 2018-02-14 15:12:55
Oh no, 2 months of gains lost after 8 years of gains! I'll gladly take a -50% after over +1000% any day of the week.
lol why do you even bother posting here?
@_date: 2019-01-09 18:43:14
12.5% Nazi is a lot of Nazi, especially when 80% of the rest of the content is far right propaganda created by the same people making the Nazi propaganda.
To your last question, yes, the internet is in large part (30%) a sex technology. Currently Gab is mostly (90%) far right propaganda created by Nazi sympathizers.
@_date: 2018-02-14 16:15:44


I didn't suggest anything, I asked a question. I both agree and disagree on the importance/validity of some of your points, but I wanted to hear opinions on this and I appreciate your input. I'll take time later to watch the videos you linked.
@_date: 2019-01-09 23:00:19
Curiosity, it's a human phenomenon.
I don't hang out there, just check in whenever the topic is brought up to see if it's any different. It never is.
@_date: 2018-02-14 22:32:40
Ah fair enough. I think most people investing understand that though, Bitcoin buyers or otherwise.
@_date: 2018-03-28 19:50:35
True true, but I felt you were implying a college education is somehow comparable to the gamble taken when buying Bitcoin. Obviously a college education is a much better investment, as long as you go to a school you afford and study something with high job placement.
@_date: 2019-01-09 16:24:05
If a bar opens across from a soccer field, it's probably gonna become a soccer bar, whether they try to appeal to them or not.
If 99% of posts are about BCH, is it a BTC sub as they claim, or a BCH sub? You tell me.
@_date: 2018-02-27 18:30:48


Ha. Are you serious? You're deranged and delusional.   
Why aren't you blaming the boomers? They raised us, they put us on "brain chemistry destroying medication", they took our country into pointless wars, they created the current hyper-partisan circus media, they invented the devices you claim poison our minds. It's alright to hate the new generations, every generation does it, well at least the stupid part of every generation. Btw, you say you're "Gen Y"... Gen Y [**are millennials**.](
Never-mind that everything you just said is absolute lunacy, how do I even address such wild, overly generalized, and completely baseless claims? You think medication doesn't work? That media shouldn't reflect the views of the people creating and consuming it? You think an anti-war generation is somehow pro-war or ignorant to war despite constant protest against the war that defined our generation? Where do you pull this crap from? And what exactly do you find different inherently about this generation that doesn't somehow come from how we were raised by older generations? Like what, you think we have inferior DNA or something?
You're on the wrong side of history bud. We'll move on just fine without you.
@_date: 2018-02-14 15:48:36
Upselling how? Be specific.  
Bitcoin is at a higher price than it was on November 24th. The SP500 is 1.8% higher than it was on November 24th after its own recent crash.   
Bitcoin got pumped and dumped, but the vast majority of long term owners are still very far in the green. February 14th **2017** the price was $1,005. That's over 800% return in one year despite the recent crash. We've seen this shit over and over again the past 8 years.
@_date: 2018-11-01 13:47:36
Twitter has never been advertised as a censorship free platform, they're just one of the few social networks that allow adult content. 
In fact, they advertise the opposite, that they remove content they deem harmful. It's a private network, that's their right. If you don't agree with their definition of harmful, find it to broad, or find it inconsistent...  just don't use Twitter.
@_date: 2018-11-01 18:31:33
Again, I've seen no convincing evidence of said censorship. Every time I see one that looks convincing, further investigation proves there are other issues at hand (like prior tweets that were against TOS). Not saying you're wrong, just that it doesn't appear to be a widespread issue.
Either way, you can't have private platforms without some of them choosing to questionably censor things. You can't have it both ways. You either get the government involved with all the negatives that brings along, or you pick a platform that better aligns with what you want/believe.
@_date: 2017-10-12 20:39:28
Correct. Also the U.S. is able to withstand higher levels of debt than other countries, and has been able to borrow at an incredibly low rate compared to other countries.
@_date: 2018-11-24 10:38:11
It's onchain, but most of that is exchanges moving money around. The stats are not comparable, but it's impressive nonetheless that so much money is moved or can be moved by Bitcoin.
Estimates appear to be between 4B and 25B or so, the latter likely poorly estimating change addresses.
@_date: 2018-02-14 15:05:21
Curious, what's your argument against Ethereum, blockchain bloat and centralization? I feel like that's what I usually hear, and I can at least agree with the first part.
@_date: 2018-02-14 19:36:12
It's because that thread got brigaded by WallStreetBets.
They're correct about deflationary currencies not being practical for country wide use though. The counter to that is that Bitcoin doesn't need to be a national or international currency, it can serve a purpose more akin to gold or a savings/investment account, with fiat still used for taxes, transactions, and wages. Also crypto doesn't have to be deflationary, Bitcoin could be replaced by an inflationary crypto.
@_date: 2018-11-07 16:15:12
You don't know many people that work at banks do you? Do you hate accountants too? The accountantsters if you will.
Easy to hate what you don't understand, and people you don't know. Banks will exist in a BTC economy, they will adapt. Have you ever received a loan from a bank? One day you'll likely need one.
@_date: 2018-11-14 21:13:55
I don't think there should be any axes. The world is fluid and ever changing, you might find one day that the country needs more authority, or less. Maybe it needs to move more to the right, or maybe it went too far and needs to go left. 
My whole life I considered myself a moderate conservative, but I feel the conservative parties (Republicans for me) moved so far right I'm now firmly in the liberal camp. Suddenly Democrats are fighting for free trade, international clout, fiscal responsibility, and responsible but limited regulation. Feels odd.
I don't care too much for labels, but it's important to be able to relate where your beliefs most closely align. I'm always open to change my opinion though, just depends on what's going on and what candidate or party I think is overall the best choice at the time. Just feels like in this particular point in time, the choice is more obvious than it should be, in many ways that aren't even politically oriented.
@_date: 2018-03-23 15:10:42
It's a basic investing rule. Historical data can be indicative of future trends until suddenly it isn't. If it were always perfectly indicative of future results, investing would be easy. Property is a scarce asset with tangible and intrinsic value, housing prices pretty much had never crashed... until they did.
Nothing in the universe is guaranteed, there is always a small likelihood that even the most assured thing will not occur or will occur in the opposite way that you expect. You shouldn't ever be so sure of an investment that you dump everything you have into it. This is basic investment philosophy, and really more like basic common sense. Nothing wrong with investing everything you're willing to lose, but you need to be aware of the risk you are taking and willing to suffer the potential (even if unlikely) consequences.
@_date: 2018-02-14 16:23:19
I kind of agree, I think off-chain is better. I do think there are decent arguments for cryptos with everything on chain though, including smart contracts. I agree that the market leader is unlikely to be one of those coins though, it's just not efficient.
@_date: 2018-03-13 15:06:32
Not really, Bitcoin is zero sum with other currencies like USD, but it's theoretically possible for everyone that ever bought or sold Bitcoin to have done so at a profit if the price never declines (which is obviously not the case). The loss in this situation would be with holders of USD and other fiat currencies, but the Bitcoin market is so small you do not feel the USD or other currencies declining when Bitcoin gains, at least not yet.   
You also shouldn't be counting opportunity cost (or loss of potential gains), since that's a neverending game of "what if". There are an infinite amount of opportunities that would have net you more than even a 1000% gain in Bitcoin, in which case you could say everyone "lost" compared to the guy that shorted and went long at the exact perfect inflection points every time and netted 5000000%.
@_date: 2018-11-14 20:43:01
A little confused about this criticism seeing as how lightning payment routing seems to be working pretty well currently. Maybe not perfectly, but well.
@_date: 2017-10-17 18:05:21
There's no reason to believe the keys were destroyed, he's never given an indication as such, and he could easily just send them to the delete BTC address. I and others would assume he still holds around 1 million coins. Proving it with an address that holds a smaller subset of coins would only further reinforce to me the idea that he's hiding a large and accessible wallet. 1M coins is 6% of the current market, larger considering other large early wallets that have been lost. It would have a profound effect on the market.  
Part of me really believes he disappeared in hopes the value would rise in his absence to a level where his massive store would be both too small a percentage of the market to cause panic and for Bitcoin to be at a point where it's "too big to fail". He'd instantly become the richest person on the planet by a very large margin. If Bitcoin ever crashes to a point where it might actually disappear, I wouldn't be too surprised if those coins start moving.
@_date: 2018-03-28 19:23:05
Isn't applying for a job a gamble? If you don't get it after the interview, you just lost round trip bus fare!
@_date: 2018-11-08 20:24:46
The latter is true, but I disagree about the former. The rhetoric in this sub is much more consistent with right wing or libertarian views. I don't see much discourse from the left here, or at least they don't inject their political views into their comments as much maybe.
@_date: 2019-01-09 18:48:40
Yup, and the audience of Gab has chosen to make it a hub for far right and white nationalist ideology, so that's what it is.
@_date: 2018-02-14 16:01:45
December 14th. Why does that arbitrary date matter, is that when you bought Bitcoin? The SP500 is 3.7% lower than it was one month ago, January 14th. Does that matter? No, the SP500 is up 13.5% from last year. That's what people care about.
Literally everybody that has purchased Bitcoin before December, over a total of 8 years, is still very far in the green. This is a blip. You can't judge a security by a 2 month time frame when there's 8 years of unprecedentedly strong over-performance.
@_date: 2017-10-12 19:44:44
If you'd prefer the pornography definition (I know it when I see it), I'd say 100% volatility within a month counts as gambling.  
All investing is gambling. Technically going to the store puts the value of your time at risk in case they are not open, so yes it's a gamble too, but the stakes are much lower. You can argue that's a stupid definition, and that's fine, but putting real money on the line is unquestionably gambling. The lower the risk and volatility, the easier it is to defend something as "not gambling". A digital currency that experiences 100% volatility in both directions within one month is most certainly gambling. Understanding Bitcoin won't prevent the price from going up or down.
@_date: 2017-10-12 18:55:51
I said you need to put it in context, throwing out a big scary number is just fear-mongering. The news does it all the time just to get ratings. Our national debt is currently "high" as a response to the great recession, which we have done an incredible job of recovering from. Much of that was thanks to the monetary policies you are criticizing.    
Compared to GDP, we're about in line with post-war America from the 50's, but beginning to wind back down. The interest rates on U.S. debt are incredibly low (pretty much the lowest they've ever been) and are very close to the rate of inflation, allowing us to be levered higher than we've been in the past without much increase in interest payments or actual additional risk. Even printing money to pay down debt at a mild pace leads to very little additional inflation. 
National debt is a large and lumbering beast, when issues begin to arise, we will first seem them in the price and interest rates at which people are willing to lend to the government. That being said, even at our peak, our national debt has never been "scary high" by any reasonable metric, and we have several unnecessary expenses (like half the military budget) that could be cut to pay for debt service. The U.S. has never missed a debt service payment, and there's no reason to believe it will any time soon.   
Most economists are not concerned yet, but fuck them right?
@_date: 2018-02-27 15:50:44
We don't need more education in this matter, our tax laws just make it very impractical since you need to calculate gains and losses on every purchase you make. The decision to not use Bitcoin for daily transactions is an easy one to make.   
Bitwage is still possible, but you're better off just buying BTC with your paycheck and maybe using it for big ticket items. It's not like exchanges are hard to use, and GDAX fees are $0 when using limit orders. I'd rather have the flexibility to buy large dips, hold off on large spikes, or just buy weekly to even it out more. Hopefully these tax laws will change, but that is the current state in the U.S.
@_date: 2017-10-13 18:10:35
Brand recognition is powerful, but there's a point where something can be so objectively better that brand recognition can be overcome. It's possible we'll never have such a coin, but it's also possible such a coin will exist. AOL hit a $220B market cap at one point, people thought they were unstoppable, the gatekeepers to the internet. They're worth under $4B now. The truth is we don't know how this industry is going to develop or who will come out on top, but we do know that there are much more variables in play that could destroy your Bitcoin investment compared to actual safe investments, and that the industry is still young.
If that's your definition of safe, then Bitcoin still doesn't fit it. We're all here because we believe it's going to go up, but you're mistaken if you don't think we're being speculative. The high return is because we're willing to take the risk while others are not. That doesn't mean we are right, we just think we are right. Nothing is guaranteed. 
You really think Bitcoin is indestructible in its current state, and that a devastating attack could be overturned with a simple patch? The loss in trust of the network alone would mean Bitcoin would never recover. If the governments of the world struck it down multiple times, the average person would give up on the concept. I'm not saying this will happen, just that these types of things are *possible*, while the same cannot be said about most other investments.  
If we get hit with nuclear missiles and the whole stock market implodes, Bitcoin could quite possibly be the first thing to go. What use are electrons in a world where not even money is useful? Will people keep their money tied up in speculative digital currencies that are not accepted by most retailers when their lives and families are at risk? What a weird argument to make, there is simply no way that government bonds and the SP 500 are less safe than Bitcoin, you're delusional if you think otherwise. Look, this is great technology, but it's only worth as much as people think it's worth. The general public doesn't give a shit about the blockchain or how it works, they just care that it does work and that it currently has value. When the shit hits the fan as hard as you speculate, they're not going to care about open source forking.
@_date: 2018-02-27 15:43:38
That's true of cash as well then, and places do give cash discounts all the time. Perhaps that's against the card contract, but it's very common since that's not very enforceable. Additionally, the idea is that eventually you could pay with a BTC denominated credit card through Visa or some other service.
@_date: 2017-10-30 18:59:28
Losing your coins doesn't mean you don't have to pay taxes on them.
@_date: 2017-10-12 20:31:38
Whether your gamble pays off now or in 10 years doesn't change the fact that you put up money in hopes of it going up instead of it quite possibly, even if unlikely, going down. You said it yourself: "**Betting** on long term future is a different thing."  
Bitcoin off-ramps like Coinbase could be outlawed tomorrow or in 10 years and the price would plummet. Unlikely, but could happen. Or people could suddenly think Ethereum is better and Bitcoin could drop to nearly worthless levels. Nothing is guaranteed.
@_date: 2018-02-27 15:59:36
Yeah, just like playing doctor, engineer, banker, etc. for 8-10 hours a day.
This is such a stupid point to make, of course working makes you more money a week than any investment in the history of man could. Compounded interest can one day exceed your wages though, depending on how much you save and where you put that money.
@_date: 2018-02-27 16:19:05


See my [response]( to Drygord, this has literally been said about every young generation ever.   
As far as innovation, Millenials have been responsible for creating some of the most powerful and rapidly growing companies in the U.S. Here, let's take a look and see if you can spot what Millennials happen to be so good at. Keep in mind Millennials are 18-34, so plenty of time left to succeed and "innovate".   
So let's, start: Facebook, Instagram, Lyft, Oculus VR, Mozilla Firefox, Spotify, Groupon, Wordpress, Mashable, Pinterest, Dropbox, Airbnb, Tumblr, Quora, Stripe, Tinder, Y Combinator, Palantir, and much much more.
@_date: 2018-02-14 19:23:16
No problem, I had a feeling it was rhetorical, but wasn't sure so thought I'd make it clear I'm just looking for answers. People get very passionate about this subject after all, myself included at times.  
Thanks again for the detailed response, some good points raised.
@_date: 2018-02-14 15:55:26
Do you not consider technology valuable? What do you think the price should be for access to the Bitcoin network, for the ability to send money anywhere in the world instantly, at low cost, with no oversight and nearly complete anonymity? $0?  
Nobody agrees on how to value Bitcoin, but if you're shitting on it without having an estimate yourself with some kind of basic analysis behind it, then you're just parroting. Parroting is not the sign of a smart individual.
@_date: 2017-10-12 20:25:49
107% of GDP is not dangerous when you're the most powerful country on earth, can borrow short term for free, and for 10 years at under 3%.  
Socialized losses were inevitable, but were severely reduced by the stimulus. Did the wealthy recover more than the poor? Yes, but that is an entirely separate issue rooted in the structure of our society. And yes, our tax structure is entirely fucked and needs to be redesigned. Again, separate issue from the national debt, inflation, and the beginning of this conversation: Bitcoin, like stocks, is gambling.
Inflation forecasts are still fairly low and healthy between 2%-3%. It's funny you complain that interest rates are rising with no signs of stopping, yet you also complain that they lowered interest rates to stimulate the economy. Damned if you do, damned if you don't. Interest rates are not projected to increase by large or rapid amounts, the FED has been fairly conservative with their increases.  
Again printing money isn't a bad thing as long as it's controlled, in fact it's completely necessary. Mild inflation is an indication of a healthy economy and it promotes consumer spending and investment. The lack of wage increases is a separate and much more complex issue, and also does not account for unquantifiable increases in standard of living. We have a lot of progress to make on this front and are definitely lagging, but I'd still rather be poor in 2017 in the United States than in any other period in human history and anywhere else in the world. Separate issue though.
 
Don't get me wrong, I think we're due for another recession, especially with the idiots in power right now, but it won't be the end of us and it won't be because of our monetary policy or national debt. Also economists generally disagree with me on that, with [most]( believing that a recession in the next two years is unlikely.




Sure, straight from the [IMF](
 and the more easily read article [summary](  


@_date: 2017-10-12 21:16:20
Buying a house is a gamble, but it's a very safe gamble, like buying the SP 500. Still, if you took out a $2M loan when you only make 40K a year and buy a house, that's most definitely a gamble and is part of what caused 2008.  
Buying a small amount of Bitcoin is smart, putting your life savings into it is stupid. There's nothing wrong with gambling, as long as you're being smart about it and not putting too much of your money in risky assets.
@_date: 2017-10-30 18:57:32
Recuva and EaseUS Data Recovery Wizard are two great recovery tools. I've found super old files using those programs. I think EaseUS is better, and it lets you specifically look for deleted photos.
@_date: 2017-10-25 14:39:21
I mean I agree both subs are annoying and close-minded, but this thread was just a joke about how absurd it is for any one person/company to decide what "BTC" is, especially based on a single factor.   
Sure the sub has run out of topics and is repeating itself over and over again, but at least OP injected some creativity into it. You are welcome to create your own new and unique topic.
@_date: 2017-10-12 18:04:32
Holy wall of text batman, you couldn't condense your argument to like 2 or 3 small paragraphs?  
I'm **not** saying Bitcoin **will** disappear, merely that it's a new, volatile, and unproven asset. That doesn't make Bitcoin a bad investment, it just makes it a risky one. If you disagree with that, you know nothing of investing or basic personal finance.   
Also your giant tirade against inflation, capital gains, etc. reeks of an elementary understanding of economics. Inflation is not inherently bad and is critical to the economy when well controlled. Deflationary currencies cause people to hoard and only spend what they need, causing less consumer spending (not just investments), less investment in new companies/technologies, less innovation, and overall less economic output. I'm not going to even touch the rest of your crazy thesis.
@_date: 2017-10-25 14:01:03
Dude. He was joking. This whole thread is satire.
@_date: 2018-11-01 15:53:03
Good for you, but "x is not a bible/religious text" is a common phrase denoting something being seen as prophetic, unchangeable, etc. For example, people note that the constitution is not a bible, it can and should be changed, especially when it is no-longer 100% relevant in recent times (like the old testament). In many ways, the phrase already implies the bible is "out of date" or not "important" as you say.
You know what it means, and your comment only derails the discussion so you can feel some kind of superiority over religious people. Your opinion on the bible is not relevant to this discussion and only alienates and insults the people who "need to hear it most".
@_date: 2017-10-10 14:11:18
[**He tried to have a man and his entire family murdered...**](  
Likely the only reason he wasn't charged for it in the initial case was because the investigators [bungled]( his case with their own corruption (and will probably serve jail time for it).   
Maryland [**did charge him**]( for a separate hit though, and the doc shows he wanted the guy tortured and killed, and wanted pics or videos of it as proof.
Even if he didn't actually order those, his site allowed people to provide those services for quite a while and other services that are FAR worse. At best, he was the benevolent runner of a cartel, but a cartel nonetheless.
@_date: 2017-10-12 23:58:32
Many of the core aspects of Bitcoin cannot be changed. What if someone comes up with something as revolutionary as the blockchain and it blows Bitcoin away in a way that would require an impossible or arduous redesign? You can't predict these kinds of things, especially with bleeding edge technology, nevermind bleeding edge *financial* technology. This is one of many risks, hell many of the risks we have not even discovered. We only have like 4 years of actual Bitcoin popularity, we'd be foolish to think we can predict the next 30 years.
A safe investment is one that is extremely likely to grow in value or at least retain it. One that you are comfortable putting your life savings in. Bitcoin is not that safe yet. If you think it's that safe, you need to seriously rethink what you know about personal finance and investing. No matter what happens, the SP500 and treasury notes will be here in 30 years. Bitcoin? Maybe. If it is, we are both making tons of money, but I'm sorry, it's not guaranteed no matter what you think. If it's worth pennies, who cares who holds the private keys? Bitcoin is only worth as much as people think it's worth. That's fine, but it needs to grow a lot more before it's "safe".   
The question is, would you bet your life that it'll be here in 30 years? Like a time traveler puts a gun to your head and says they'll shoot you if you say yes and your wrong, give you 1M if you say yes and are right, or let you walk if you say no. I'd say no, because there's a small but possible chance it will not be around. I'd take that bet in a heart beat if they said SP500 or treasury notes though. That's the difference. Why would you treat your life savings any differently?
@_date: 2017-10-11 01:32:26
Im confident in the services I saw on the silk road, I'm confident he created one of the world's largest drug empires (selling heroin and meth etc.) and profited immensely off it, I'm confident he broke U.S. laws in innumerable ways. The fact that there are two separate state investigations into his separate attempted uses of a hitman shows an obvious pattern. Also why would they falsify the information and not even charge him on it of not out of an attempt to follow proper policies and procedures? Why even frame him anyway, the evidence against him was absolutely overwhelming. He was getting life in prison off just the drugs alone, you don't sell meth and heroin in industrial quantities over the internet and get a slap on the wrist.
@_date: 2018-02-27 16:09:01


Said every generation since the dawn of man. To quote **Socrates**:


@_date: 2017-10-12 15:31:31
Gambling is not defined by the risk percentage, it is defined by the action of placing money at risk in the first place. Also [**"past performance is not indicative of future results"**]( is a cornerstone of basic investing. There's a reason even the strongest and safest mutual funds are required to say this. 
If you had put your life savings in Bitcoin at the height before the crash in 2013, you would have been down 80% for the next 4 years!! What if you suddenly needed that money, due to sickness, unemployment etc? I believe in Bitcoin long-term, but we should not be advocating people put their life savings or "more than they can afford to lose". Advising someone to put a small amount they can afford to lose is fine, but we should be upfront that it's a gamble (that we think will pay off) and that the price is very volatile.
Bitcoin is part of a young asset class with **very little history** and **lots of volatility**. Those two facts are undeniable.
@_date: 2017-10-16 14:58:01
I think the opposite, he holds way too many coins that have been assumed lost.  
It's assumed he has about 1M BTC, which is a huge amount of coins being injected into the market (whether he sells any or not). The value itself is equivalent to around $5.5 billion.
@_date: 2017-10-12 20:36:56
An asset that changes in price by over 100% within a month is not "safe". Like I said in another comment below, if you had bought in at the height in 2013, you would have been down by 80% for 4 years. If you put your life savings into it and suddenly needed that money because you or a family member got sick or lost their job, you would have been fucked. Hell, same can even be said about those who bought at last all time high of 5K then suddenly needed to pay for a 10K funeral when the price hit 3.2K. This is not a safe investment, and we should not be advocating it as such.
His tirade is highly economically misguided. Yes there are problems with our economic system, but inflation, stocks that don't pay dividends, and national debt are all not inherently bad for society.
I can see Bitcoin becoming a major currency one day, but it's not guaranteed. Nothing is. When it comes to money, it's important not to misrepresent potential gains as guaranteed when losses are very much possible.
@_date: 2017-10-12 22:07:10
Bitcoin is not guaranteed to be here in 10 to 30 years. A crypto that demolishes it in every way could appear today just as easily as it could appear in 10 years when we've had time to understand the tech better. Off ramps and exchanges could get shut down, or the network could fail to withstand a coordinated government attack. There are a wide variety of risks associated with Bitcoin and cryptos that are beyond the scope and scale of risks found in traditionally safe investments.   
Look I'm very bullish on Bitcoin, but as a finance guy I can't call a currency/investment this young and volatile safe **yet**. It's getting safer as adoption increases, but we are still in a very vulnerable stage.
@_date: 2017-10-12 20:43:50
I'm long Bitcoin, but in the case of a major global recession, the last place I want my life savings is in an incredibly volatile digital currency. My bet is that Bitcoin would actually benefit, much like gold has in the past. I wouldn't bet my subsistence or retirement on it though (but I'd increase my disposable income stake in it). 
  
It's quite possible that people would panic during a recession and exit Bitcoin, seeing it as a speculative investment and choosing safer investments like government or corporate bonds, maybe even suddenly cheap shares of an S&amp;P 500 index fund which is more guaranteed to recover.
@_date: 2017-10-13 21:20:43
The point is we can't imagine what might replace bitcoin anymore than we could have predicted bitcoin in the 70's. It seems we are in agreement now though on the other topics. Thank you for the interesting and civil discussion.
@_date: 2018-02-28 05:06:45
Brainwashed? How convenient that you can disregard opinions that disagree with you because they come from people that are "brainwashed". You don't even know my views other than that I think generations and generational divides are stupid. They're arbitrary, we didn't even care about them 200 years ago, its just marketing you "brainwashed" dumbass.
Do you read your own posts? **Sheeple?** Holy shit I thought that term was a joke, you sound fucking ridiculous. You sure you're not Gen Z? I wonder who taught you that term, who do you listen to that says it? Kind of ironic.
Go ahead, let's go one point by one point since you want to go after dense topics and large generalizations, give me your best one issue argument. Is it the 50 genders one? I'd love to hear it so I can tear it down like the big bad strawman it is.  
You listen to Alex Jones "entertainment" news or something? Grow up.
@_date: 2017-10-13 05:04:18
Assuming you don't lose your job and the value of the house doesn't decline to the point where the sale doesn't cover the mortgage. This happened to a lot of speculative and normal home owners in 2008. Still a fairly safe bet of course, just noting it is indeed a bet of some kind.
@_date: 2017-10-17 18:49:32
Fair enough! I think there's a good chance he's just dead, but I think it's more likely he's laying low. Doesn't mean he has access to those coins though of course. I guess we'll find out if Bitcoin moons and he moves them!
@_date: 2017-10-12 14:39:54
It's still gambling. Crypto is here to stay (probably), but Bitcoin could turn out to be the AOL. Stocks are gambling as well, but they're much safer bets and have lower volatility. Also national debt is not inherently bad and the exact dollar amount is entirely meaningless when you don't provide context like GDP or assets.
@_date: 2017-10-13 20:10:27
The comparison isn't perfect, but the point is that "guaranteed" technologies fail or get replaced by better versions all the time. Diversification or government backing is the key to a safe investment. Much like open sourcing and decentralization, it means your investment has no single point of failure. When you have all your eggs in one basket, you are taking a big risk. Bitcoin's open sourcing and decentralization is great for protecting Bitcoin from bad actors, but it doesn't protect it from failing to gain ground or from being replaced by drastically better or drastically different technology.  
You're wrong about my view, I view Bitcoin as an investment that is likely to become a real and usable global currency. Thing is, we are not there yet. You can wax and wane about the inevitability of Bitcoin's success based on its tech or political ramifications, but that's not how life works. **The best technology doesn't always win**, and **people will not always choose what is best for them**. People, and the world as a whole, are irrational - after all, Trump didn't win because he was the best candidate or the guy with the best ideas/policies. You've drunk too much of the Bitcoin kool-aid. I love this stuff too, but Satoshi, his vision, and Bitcoin itself are not infallible or inevitable.  
Venezuela has not switched to Bitcoin, usage has gone up for sure, but it's still a very small percentage of people actually using it. Venezuela's fiat is worth shit because the government has mismanaged the economy and the money is worth shit because it's money backed by a corrupt and inept government. Not a very good example of fiat, much like the DAO tokens, ICO's, and Dogecoin are not good examples of Cryptocurrency.   
In the case of nuclear war, the whole world economy is coming crashing down, and Bitcoin won't save you. If it really goes to shit, we'll be trading bread, not money, and certainly not worthless digital money when there's no electricity to claim it. In that situation, you'll definitely prefer to trade the money backed by the group of people with guns.   
Anway, this whole conversation was supposed to be about whether Bitcoin is a "safe" investment. I think the real disagreement is what constitutes a "safe" investment, not whether Bitcoin will succeed or not. I'm telling you that Bitcoin does not qualify as a "safe" investment today. That's a fact, you can't put your life savings into Bitcoin today and expect it to be there tomorrow when you find out you have cancer and are going to be 100K in debt. That's not "safe", even if it will be safe as adoption increases in 3, 4, 10, or 30 years. Safe means it's not going to drop 20% in value tomorrow because a CEO said the wrong sentence. When volatility decreases, it will be "safer", but safe investments are the kind that you can both rely on to be there when you need them (so always) and that you would feel comfortable recommending to your parents on the verge of retirement, who are about to invest all the money they've worked for over the past 60 years. I'm not saying Bitcoin won't get there, but it's not there right now.
@_date: 2018-04-17 15:18:54
You're forgetting that to pay your loan early you have to lose a large lump sum that you otherwise would have invested for 25 years. You instead give up that large sum for smaller sums received yearly/monthly. Your example makes literally 0 sense. Let's simplify our example to 5 years, pay now or pay later at 200 a year:
* I pay $1,000 now to pre-pay my loan. I can now invest 200 more a year and can expect 7% returns on the balance, so I end up with an additional **1150.15** at the end of 5 years that I would not have had if I had not pre-payed the loan.
* If I keep the loan and instead invest the $1,000 I would have used to pre-pay, and receive 7% a year on the balance, I have **1310.80.**  
It gets more complex depending on when you pre-pay and how much interest or principle you've already paid, but the gap is so large it's unlikely you'll make up for the loss of potential investment returns with the minimal savings on interest when the rate is so low, especially since early payments go more to interest than principle (reducing the benefits of pre-paying).  
Also 10% is a ridiculous assumption for average market returns these days.  
"SMH"  
Regarding OP. As you mention, he has no money, so this is his only choice. The principles of pre-paying said debt when he does have the option are still the same though. If the interest rate is low enough, it's not worth pre-paying.
@_date: 2017-10-26 14:27:16
He's the GOAT, "greatest of all time" banker. The Michael Jordan of bankers if you will. That's why people care about what he thinks.  
Like others at J.P. mentioned though, he doesn't know shit about Bitcoin and shouldn't talk about it. He's not even really a trader, trading is just one small portion of the banking business. People say Bitcoin will destroy banks. Nah, they'll just be denominating their deals in Bitcoin instead of USD. Maybe. Bitcoin doesn't have to replace USD to be wildly successful.
@_date: 2018-04-17 17:37:00
Your are not making sense whatsoever. Payments made on the debt go mostly to interest on the loan first, making pre-payment even less attractive, which was a big part of my point. Are you under the influence? Put your math where your mouth is and show me what you're talking about.   
If the government offers him a 2.5% interest rate on his payment plan, at no point does it ever make sense to pre-pay assuming you could invest that pre-payment amount and get consistent 6-8% returns. I'd love to see math that shows otherwise, but it doesn't exist.
@_date: 2018-04-17 14:36:25
You really think poor people are the best people to blame for our problems?   
As I told OP, aside from tax havens, the U.S. has one of the lowest tax rates in the world, especially on high income earners.
@_date: 2018-04-17 19:24:38
Your example makes no sense in so many different ways it's hard for me to even explain it to you.   
You are not comparing apples to apples, how the hell do you not see that? First, why does the non-prepayer have a $100 fee, and why does the pre-payer not have a $100 fee? I'll ignore that and continue. If you pay an extra $20 a month, you don't pay $220 a year for 5 years, that's $1100 which is more than you owe, you just added the $100 to how much you "owe" and spread it out for no reason.   
Instead, in this hypothetical, you would pay $220, then your pre-payment of the principle leads to a lower monthly payment of say $195, but you add $20 to that so you pay $215, after-which again your next payment is lower at $188+$20=$208, etc. until you actually don't need to pay your final extra $20 and have a final payment of $158. Either way, you're now comparing an investment (1000x5 to debt payments. The correct way to look at your example of pre-payment would be to see how much money you're saving by pre-paying, which will always be higher the earlier you pre-pay (*meaning $20 extra a year is worse than pre-paying $100*). In practice it makes more sense to pre-pay earlier than later, since early payments are mostly interest. Let's lay it out in bullets so it's easier to understand:
* 100 x 5 years of growth at 7% = 140.26
* extra $20 saved each of 5 years at 7% = 123.07
I don't know how else to explain this to you, it's pretty basic. Why don't we look at it on a cashflow level:
**I have $100 I can either use to invest in the market and get 7% back or to pre-pay a loan where I pay 2.5% interest. Each and every time it makes more sense to use the market interest surplus to pay the regular 2.5%. By pre-paying, you are losing the opportunity to get an extra 4.5% each year. This is super simple stuff. No matter what you do, the spread between the rates is 4.5%, which is significant.**  
It is shocking how little you understand debt after being so high and mighty about it. The only thing I agree with is that I wouldn't want to be in debt because of taxes, and I imagine OP was exaggerating on how low interest the payment plan is. Also being so close to default is not good period. If you're so close to default though, you can't afford to pre-pay.
@_date: 2018-04-28 18:29:43
There are benefits identifiable to non-libertarians.
@_date: 2018-04-17 17:20:26
Yeah I almost quit a few times there. At first I thought he just wasn't bothering to fully read my comments, but it's more likely he just doesn't (and won't ever) get it. 
@_date: 2018-04-17 15:31:27
I make a significant amount of money and pay a significant amount of taxes. What's with you and unfounded personal attacks? 
 
The fact remains that people in the United States pay less taxes than almost anywhere else in the developed world. As a result, the services our government provides suffer.  
Blaming poor people for your problems. Wow.
@_date: 2018-04-17 15:27:13
I have a financial background, this is literally what I do. Why do you think companies raise debt in the first place? You think Apple needs money? No, they have tons, but the interest rate they can get is too good to pass up. 
I gave you hard math, show me where I went wrong.  
* $1000 invested now over 5 years will be worth more than:
* $200 invested each year over 5 years.  
[Time value of money]( is one of the most basic principles of finance. At higher interest rates you'll see savings, I'm too lazy to do the math but say 4-6% you should pre-pay. 1%? You'd be crazy unless it's a large debt, it's practically free money.
@_date: 2018-04-17 22:00:55
I doubt people would choose financing for $1,000 owed in taxes.  
My point was that low interest debt isn't worth paying off early. If he had to pay some kind of fee because he couldn't pay at the time, that fee is a sunk cost he can't get back, so it's mute and not worth talking about.   
If his remaining debt is low interest, like 1-2.5%, it's not worth paying off early at any point other than to just feel better about it. I don't know if their rate is high enough to be worth paying down early, but I've heard they are very flexible.  
The conditions are "perfect" on average, which is what counts. There are also plenty of very safe bonds between 3-5%. People don't do this instead of working because nobody offers loans that cheap, aside from the government in specific instances like student debt and an inability to pay taxes.
@_date: 2018-04-17 21:27:07
We were talking about an existing loan, not taking out a new loan where you decide on an imaginary, arbitrary fee that closes the gap. What sham of a place charges you a 10% fee to take out a loan? A real loan's fees will be small compared to the principle, about 1%, and the longer length (30 years) will make that 4.5% spread make it even more of a stupid idea to pay down your loan early.
Where is the $220 coming from if you're supposed to be paying that loan? I don't think you even understand what we are discussing, or loans in general. Are you suggesting you don't even get the loan? First of all, that's not always a choice, but a 2.5% loan is definitely worth it considering average market returns of 6-8%.   
No place/government entity will make you pay an up front fee equal to 10% of what you owe, you just pulled that out of nowhere to make your horrible math work.  
The real comparison is this. Your buddy says he'll give you $2000 and expects $2050 at the end of the year. You know the market will give you around $2140 if you invest that $2000 immediately. Do you make the bet? If you can afford it regardless of what the market does in that specific year, yes, you absolutely should. The problem is when people are over leveraged, but we're talking about normal student/government debt here. If you have too much debt, that's a different problem.
@_date: 2018-04-17 18:12:06
If you already paid down your loan to 900, then your 5 years of payments won't be 200. I can't believe you missed this. Any change to the loan changes both scenarios... obviously. Your corrected example would be:
$900 invested 5 years @ 7% compounded annually = 1262
**$180** year x 5 years @ 7% compounded annually = 1108
@_date: 2018-04-17 14:48:23
It's simple math. If the federal government is fine with "loaning" you money you owe them and only charging a 1 or 2% rate, you can take the money you would have used to pre-pay the loan and put it into a well diversified index fund or even just the SP500. On average your market returns will pay for the interest + some of the principle. Of course, it's not wise to take out large loans to do this, a market event/crash could leave you hard in the red. On the other hand, 10K of student loans that only require 200 a month at a 2.5% annual interest rate? Yeah not worth paying off early.
@_date: 2018-04-17 16:33:33


Nobody ever said this, just that low interest government loans are not worth paying off. If you have access to low interest loans aside from government debt, you're likely already a billionaire. The rest of us get 10% personal (unsecured, not mortgage) loans from a bank, maybe 5% at best, which are obviously not worth taking for the purpose of investing (which is normally against loan terms anyway).
**You're not reading my posts are you?** OP did not specify if they had the funds to pre-pay or not, but it's only worth arguing if we assume he has the cash and instead took the debt because he felt it was "worth it", not because he "had to". If he had to take the debt, then it doesn't matter, no point in arguing.  
So again, show me where this math is wrong:
* $1,000 invested now over 5 years at 7% = **1402.55**
* $1,000 spent to pre-pay loan, $200 in savings each year compounding at 7% = **1230.66**  
That's a 171.89 spread, which easily out weighs interest savings on pre-paying a 2.5% loan.  
I'd happily take a mid size 2.5% loan... except I can't, because banks understand Time Value of Money (unlike you) and often won't lend money out to even an individual with outstanding credit at less than 10% interest. The government isn't a bank, so they're willing to charge less interest on their debts.  
Mathematically there is an interest rate that is "too good to pass up", no? Say the interest rate was .00001% on your 30 year student loans, would you want to pre-pay? Same holds true for the real life rates of 1-2.5%, market returns are on average good enough to make that a solid gamble.  
Since you're not willing to check my math, why don't you find me a study that shows pre-paying **low interest** debt is worth it over investing those same sums?
Edit: Was using beginning of 5th year balances, changed to end of year, but the point is still correct.
@_date: 2018-04-17 14:39:59
Number of people doesn't mean much. It's economies of scale, but despite more taxes, you have to provide more services.
The United States has one of the lowest effective tax rates in the developed world. Hell one of the lowest rates in the world period aside from tax havens.
@_date: 2019-05-13 21:36:42
Bitcoin was $973 on January 1st 2017, so you're underestimating the gains. Even the lowest point in 2018, at around 3200, was a 329% ROI. 
We shouldn't discount the losses of those that bought at the top though.
@_date: 2019-05-28 16:29:08
Yes, he is orange. Yes, he is "bad" in almost every way.