@_author: valente317
@_date: 2018-01-31 04:13:52
Troll account. If not, needs a prompt psych eval and treatment with lithium +/- risperidone.
@_date: 2018-01-31 15:42:23
I heard she got the tip from her uber driver
@_date: 2018-05-24 09:25:44
It shot up $1000 without an obvious driving factor mere hours before the announcement by Islamic religious authorities that cryptos are acceptable.
Another rapid rise occurred at the outset of consensus, even though that conference doesn’t provide the sort of exposure that would drive the price up.
Even a blind man should be able to see the light here — supply and demand alone doesn’t explain some of the larger short-term price fluctuations. Whether anything can actually be done to prevent manipulation is another issue altogether, though.
@_date: 2018-05-05 05:01:22
That it facilitates the process of bypassing federal laws designed to protect people from causing harm to themselves or others? I’m not sure that’s a narrative that should really be lauded here.
@_date: 2018-05-05 14:53:21
Regarding many laws, I might agree with you, but I don't think there's any reasonable or rational argument to be made that prescription drugs should be available to the general public without a professional involved. It takes 10-20 years to put drugs to market specifically because of the substantial harm they can cause.
I'm glad that the OP has had a positive experience, but I don't think that lauding the use of BitCoin to skirt laws and potentially cause self-harm is a good way to legitimize the commodity
@_date: 2018-05-02 16:18:52
What portion of bitcoin advocates are bullish on the commodity due to its financial merit, versus those who are bullish because they have a vested personal interest in the price going up? How can I tell the difference? Can the two even be mutually exclusive? Why does nothing in the financial world make any sense?
@_date: 2018-10-06 18:20:32
What about the bitcoin that has been lost and is no longer available to the circulation pool? How could you differentiate between coins that have been parked, and those that have been lost?
@_date: 2018-06-11 19:01:46
Hot take: “panic buying and market manipulation are the primary reasons of bitcoin rise”
@_date: 2018-06-04 16:46:29
Could someone give me the TLDR of the argument that bitcoin can become a solitary global currency that replaces fiat? Since it’s capped at 21m coins, even factoring in that transactions could be conducted in units of single Satoshi, how could there be enough supply to cover the needs of billions of people across the world? 
Surely, it would have to be adjusted based on the earning power of individuals in countries with the “weakest” economies, as people in wealthy nations would not pay the same for a commodity as those in the poorest nations.
@_date: 2018-06-18 01:56:02
The reason I disagree is because, in the event that they sign Tavares to 11.5m, and Seguin out-produces Tavares, they’ll have real trouble getting Seguin extended for a reasonable amount.
It would be fantastic for the team this upcoming season, and something that Nill would without a doubt explore, given his position on the proverbial chopping block. However, I’m not sure that having $30m+ invested in three forwards for the next 5-7 years is the way to build a long-term contender.
@_date: 2018-02-01 23:18:05
That is the entire issue here. From an investment standpoint, the BTC denomination and blockchain have nothing to do with each other, so long as it isn’t possible to gain a stake in blockchain as a technology or service.
Cryptos right now are like asking people to invest their cash in Dave and Buster’s tokens, rather than buying stock in the company itself or any one of the suppliers involved in their operation. The one reasons you do it are (1) you need to make an immediate transaction that can only be made in D&amp;B tokens (sorry, Silk Road is gone), or (2) you heard from some guys who are knowledgeable about D&amp;B, and they told you that you’ll totally be able to sell D&amp;B tokens for more cash in the future.
The other problem is that Gametime and three other arcades just opened next door, and they each have their own token. Sure, D&amp;B is the standard right now, with the best games and most volume, but who knows how the landscape will look in 10-20 years.
No one is doubting that adult entertainment centers are a good idea, nor are we saying that the technology that lets them operate isn’t impressive. Just pointing out that maybe there’s a difference between putting all your money into D&amp;B tokens, rather than investing in the technology, IP, and other assets that make the entire idea valuable.
@_date: 2018-02-02 03:08:29
It won’t be bitcoin in its current form that poses a threat to the USD. The ability to issue debt and create new currency is an essential and necessary part of an interconnected global economy. There’s no chance that a crypto token capped at 21 million full units, the vast majority of which have already been distributed, is ever adopted as the standard. Also, a switch to a “dollar crypto” would (1) be centralized, and thus defeat the purpose of crypto, and (2) necessitate that there would be an exchange from the physical currency to the crypto. So, yes, while old clipped currency that has been removed from circulation isn’t worth more than the paper it’s printed on, that doesn’t mean it suddenly became worth $0 while still in circulation.
@_date: 2018-02-01 16:43:12
From an outside perspective, it’s extremely optimistic to think that Lightning Network will affect BTC in any substantial way. It was mainstream interest that drove the price up last year, and the mainstream isn’t interested in BTC as a currency. BTC is clearly trending toward a “store of value” medium in the likely best case scenario, and that’s where the majority of public interest lies, not in the decentralized technology. The vast majority of the western world has no need for yet another method of “online payment,” which is what BTC is to the general public here.
People who lost a lot and have become disillusioned will dump at a loss at some point. They won’t buy back. Those who still believe will hold, not suddenly start spending an asset they believe will appreciate greatly. There just isn’t a feasible population, particularly in NA, who would start using BTC as an everyday currency, regardless of lower fees and faster processing.
On the other hand, LN combined with widespread adoption across the world and less volatility would make all the difference in the world — but that’s a long term outlook for years in the future.
@_date: 2018-02-02 00:37:58
I think you should get the one-month depo shot of your antipsychotic at your next psychiatrist visit, because you clearly haven’t been taking your oral meds.
@_date: 2018-02-02 02:46:45
You’re absolutely delusional. For the USD to “hit 0,” something absolutely catastrophic would have to happen — as in, the end of civilization as we know it. Either there is no longer a need for currency, or the apocalypse has come. Either way, a banana and a loaf of bread will be worth more than all your crypto currency combined.
@_date: 2018-02-03 18:17:03
@_date: 2018-02-10 17:46:14
Harassing a teenager on the internet isn’t really ethically defensible, but lying, cheating, and possibly even stealing also should not earn praise. Play stupid games, win stupid prizes.
As a society, we really shouldn’t strive to send the message that immoral actions are praiseworthy if you fit a certain demographic.
@_date: 2018-02-01 23:42:02
Again, the fallacy is that the COINS should hold the value at this point in time. I accept the value behind blockchain, and I can understand why something like Civic blockchain technology is useful and should be valuable. I cannot understand why the TOKEN that is made by their technology is valuable, right now, today.
Until there is widespread adoption and the crypto currency can be used in routine transactions of some sort, the value of BTC and other tokens should be essentially 0. The only thing propping up the value is speculation. People are buying tokens because they believe that the tokens are inherently valuable and/or can be flipped for a quick cash gain.
There isn’t a way to reliably invest in the actual technology or the services it will enable, at least not yet. The marketplace isn’t mature enough yet.
When the global economy was first maturing, of you were able to identify that International and electronic fund transfers were going to become essential, you would have been making a huge mistake if you turned all your cash into PayPal credits or WU money orders rather than investing in PayPal or Western Union itself.
Yes, I understand that the cryptos are “immune to inflation,” and it can’t hurt to stash some away in case the value goes up when the technology matures. The coins themselves are not an “investment” at this stage, though. They’re speculation. And there’s the very real possibility that someone forks off your blockchain, and suddenly there’s another crypto with the same core technology and no scarcity, which accomplishes the same goal, and you have no investment in the underlying tech or service. Why should your coin be worth more than the next coin?
@_date: 2018-07-26 13:08:46
Billionaire investor explains why bitcoin will hit $1million in 2138 after thermonuclear war of 2138 collapses all society as we know it. For real, this time. But maybe not. Who knows.
@_date: 2018-02-01 22:59:00
You don’t see the fallacy in your own logic? There’s no accurate comparison between the Internet and bitcoin. People invested in companies that leveraged the internet — the utilities companies, the tech companies that own IP, services provided through internet connectivity — not in the internet itself. When you invest in crypto currency, you aren’t gaining a share of any of the services that leverage the valuable core technology, and you haven’t gained an interest in the IP behind the technology.
It wasn’t buying up internet domain names that made most people wealthy, it was all the other goods and services that were enabled by the core technology.
@_date: 2018-04-13 01:22:36
Say, hypothetically, the price of a commodity unexpectedly jumps significantly in value overnight, and the next day, it’s announced that 1.5 billion more people are allowed to purchase that commodity. Wouldn’t it greatly benefit a party with a significant holding in that commodity and early knowledge of the announcement to inflate the price, then sell to the new consumer population after the announcement?
I’m not trying to say that wealthy middle eastern individuals and the sharia law announcement have anything to do with this, I’m just wondering if you think it is at all plausible. If so, would that sort of activity be illegal with a regulated market commodity? I’m actually curious.