@_author: valectar
@_date: 2017-11-30 16:36:00
For one, this isn't really a solid proof or reason that bitcoin isn't speculation (or that speculation is a solid investment), since it effectively just say "what about stocks?". It doesn't attempt to explain why something could be a solid investment and not a bubble even if there is no inherent value to anyone, it just says that stocks are just as much of a bubble.  
Secondly, there is clearly a fundamental misunderstanding of stocks. Stocks are a share of a company, a percentage of ownership. Even if that ownership doesn't pay dividends or even grant voting rights. In the worst case scenario of a company going bankrupt, you own a portion of that companies assets, and will be able to collect a percentage of their assets after debts are paid. Yes, stock prices can fluctuate independently of the companies profitability, because people speculate on stocks as they do any other investment, but speculating that the companies profits will go up is completely different from speculating on something with no inherent value. Speculating on a companies value can be an informed decision based on facts that the company will grow, and it can be right most of the time for everyone who speculates it because the whole economy grows and each individual company grows with it. Speculating on something without inherent value is what's called a bubble, you are speculating only that "some greater fool" will be willing to pay more than you did in the future, and is inherently unsustainable because eventually, when there is no greater fool with enough money to meaningfully effect the price, all the people who only "invested" in speculating that others would pay more will sell, since that was their intention all along. There is no point at which such a thing would happen for a companies stocks unless the company went bankrupt, in which case stockholders are at least entitles to a percentage of the companies assets and so there is still a price floor to which the stock will drop.  
All of this is not to say that bitcoin is a bad investment, to be clear, this is just a particularly bad argument for investing in bitcoins. Bitcoin does have inherent value for trading, but if you believe that the majority of bitcoins valuation is speculation on bitcoins valuation, you should recognize that that is a bubble (which seems like a pretty sound hypotheses to me given its meteoric rise in price which I would guess is primarily caused by a scarcity caused by people investing in bitcoin, but I don't know the actual transaction rates and thus demand for BTC as currency which is inherently valuable)