@_author: valendr0s
@_date: 2014-12-18 02:42:38


Again, this doesn't make the system wrong. Look toward the more socialist-leaning countries (Scandinavian countries, the better European countries) for an example of the virtues of a better controlled western economic system.


It's true our economy wasn't crafted or maintained by god. But neither was Bitcoin.


If by 'immediate' you mean the last 3-400 years being the absolute best in terms of nearly any measure than the time before it... That's the last 10 generations living in an objectively better world than the generations before, and each living better than the generations immediately preceding - so much so that 'having it better than your parents' is so cliche as it's outright expected.
@_date: 2014-01-09 17:13:27
If I told you I'd give you one troy ounce of gold for a widget, would you be okay with that?
It may not be akin to porkbellies or FCOJ. But it certainly is very relatable to precious metals and rare stones. And when you're in the industry, you certainly can and do purchase grain with porkbellies and vise-versa.
Further. When you purchase something online for bitcoins, are those prices static? Or do the fluctuate with the dollar value of the bitcoin at that moment?
Bitcoins function exactly like all commodities except for how you transfer it. The only difference is that the digital commodity can be transferred digitally.
But when you compare BTC to currencies, there are tons of qualities that don't apply. Mainly the very qualities common to all modern currencies that BTC is attempting to break; Their value isn't dictated by government fiat. They are not controlled by a central banking system. They are not able to be counterfeited. Their exchange is not controlled by foreign exchange markets. They have no physical borders of acceptance. Their value is not determined and tightly controlled by a currency regulatory commission (FED).
Gold, on the other hand, can't be counterfeited. It has no physical borders of acceptance (it's accepted worldwide). Its value isn't dictated by government fiat. It is not controlled by a central banking system. It is mined at a steady rate with effort. That effort, combined with the rarity, and public demand control the worldwide value of Gold.
BTC is far more akin to Gold than USD.
Come back and tell me it's a currency when you can buy a Video game from Steam using a fixed price in BTC. "$50 USD, €35 Euro, ฿0.05 BTC. And that price doesn't go up or down when the BTC value in USD raises or lowers by 50%.
@_date: 2014-02-26 00:35:26
Quick moves, sure. But A million dollars worth of BTC on mtGox? Really?
@_date: 2014-01-24 15:19:49
Why invest in anything if I can make more money by simply not spending it?
People see the popular acceptance of bitcoin as currency as a good thing. But seriously think about it. You currently have a very strong incentive to invest and grow your USD money rather than to simply save it.
You're right to show that the price of all goods slowly rise. The result causes a reason to buy today and not save for tomorrow. Think about all the things you buy every year. Would have bought half of them if you knew that had you waited even a day or a week that you'd be getting more value for your dollar?
People hold off on buying electronics for this very reason. In something like a computer you can measure the benefit of having a faster, cutting edge computer today rather than waiting 12 months and buying it at vastly reduced cost. In something like a TV you don't really get this - there isn't much benefit to having the latest &amp; greatest TV. So people just wait for prices to come down...
No imagine if instead of this being only true for luxuries like TVs and Cars if it were true for literally everything you bought. You'd be strongly encouraging extreme thriftiness in even purchases of consumables like gas, or services like restaurants. People travel less. People are far more picky in eating. They hold off until the absolute last minute to purchase everything they possibly can.
This is perhaps a bit of a standard when it comes to the illogical spending habits of the non-economist populous. But now imagine if governments and corporations had the same inclinations. Why expand you operation today? If you hold off for a year, you'll necessarily be in a better position. Why invest in a new technology today? Why research new advancements? When you can simply wait for your value of your current currency to rise on its own?
Inflation and Debt keeps the strive for growth high. It keeps companies looking for an edge (or, as is increasingly popular, a monopoly).
This is just another of the many reasons why it's far easier to see bitcoin as a commodity to invest in than a currency to drive an economy.
@_date: 2014-12-18 00:25:25
Many people live very long, healthy, fulfilled, safe, and entertained lives because of that economic system you demonize.
@_date: 2014-03-25 20:07:18
Because it's not a currency...
@_date: 2014-02-25 12:19:32
It's not too big to fail because it's not the foundation of worldwide finance. This is like if turkey burgers suddenly were unable to be sold on any menu anywhere. Some businesses may fail, some people may be out of work. But the majority of the population wouldn't really notice.
"Too big to fail" wasn't talking about a particular player in a specific industry. It meant its interconnections. People point to iceland allowing its banks to fail and locking up its bankers... But icelandic banks are ants compared to the likes of the big US &amp; European banks.
Yes, this is a big player in the world of bitcoin, and it'll be interesting to see how the market reacts. But 'too big to fail' simply doesn't apply here.
@_date: 2014-12-18 01:40:56


This doesn't make it bad.


All I'm suggesting is that our current economic system, while far from perfect, when implemented with restraint and controlled properly via reasonable regulation (e.g. places outside the U.S.) can be extremely beneficial to the vast majority of citizens that live under it. It is far more beneficial to society than any economic system in the history of human civilization.
Any system that is claiming to cause greater societal well being needs to be sussed out thoroughly and examined extremely carefully before it can even begin to claim to be superior to our current, albeit flawed, system.
It's like Democracy. Democracy is the worst form of government... except for all the other forms of government... The modern western economic system may be a horrible economic system - but it's working out for those societies that implement it in rational ways, and it's better than the other systems that have been tried.
@_date: 2014-02-25 12:24:01
I'm actually pretty shocked to hear that people just left coins in MtGox... I didn't get into the whole system because I didn't have time to set up a good, secure personal wallet. I never dreamed that people would use an exchange or even an online wallet with the problems they've had over the years.
@_date: 2014-01-24 18:14:26
Debt brings in another level to the problem.
Loan me 10 bitcoins.
How do you determine how much my interest should be? Say it's a 5 year loan. That 10 bitcoins has gone from being worth $5 to $1200 in 1 year. If you set it at a 5% interest rate, I could have it paid back to you in a month just by sitting on the money. This makes you look like a fool, and gives you no reason to give anybody loans.
It's impossible to determine how much my interest needs to be unless you compare it to a stable, government-controlled currency (like the dollar). This is the exact same problem you get with loaning gold or any other constantly fluctuating commodity.
I'd suggest that's the basis of a fiat monetary system (as long as it's not hoarded by the rich), works far better for growth simply because you can predict to a reasonable accuracy a steady rate of inflation, and a decently steady rate of economic growth.
Deflation in general, but especially unpredictable deflation, kills the loan industry which is the backbone of our economy.
Of course the fact that they can't simply magic money into existence likewise kills the loan industry, but that's a whole other problem.
@_date: 2014-01-09 15:09:42
Bitcoins ARE a commodity, not a currency. Tax them like any other commodity.
@_date: 2014-12-18 02:53:31
The bottom line is that I think you're taking my skepticism of your economic concepts as condemnation. I'm not saying our current system is perfect. I'm not saying a system that is closer to your ideal wouldn't be feasible. And I'm not suggesting that our current system isn't volatile. It is. It always has been. And it may even be disastrously volatile and un-maintainable in the next few hundred years.
But for you to suggest that the economic system of the last roughly 400 years isn't directly involved in the absolute explosion of economic, scientific, well-being, and sociological progress we've made in that time verges, frankly, on willfully ignorance. And that attitude does make me seriously question every other conclusion you've drawn here (which, to be honest, is far less pro-deflationary / anti-spending incentive - and far more anti-current system for the anti-current system sake).
@_date: 2014-02-11 20:15:08
Well... That which does and doesn't kill Bitcoin makes the digital crypto commodities to inevitably come after Bitcoin stronger.
I have no doubt that Bitcoin will be destroyed in the next few years. Either by a 51+% attack, or by a systematic flaw such as this one, or by the cryptography itself being broken by ever-faster computers with newer technology (qbits etc).
But what will arise from its ashes will take everything learned by Bitcoin's mistakes and be far stronger.
@_date: 2014-02-27 20:52:48
Maybe I'm misunderstanding the situation a bit...
Can't wallets have multiple transaction keys? Can you not set up temporary transaction keys? Isn't that the basis of the anonymity of bitcoin?
Couldn't they have set up temp keys and emptied the wallet?
@_date: 2014-02-25 12:29:42
Explain this to me. Maybe I'm missing something.
A couple years ago I looked into getting some BTC. I saw my options, online wallet, partially online wallet, or personal wallet. I realized that with all the attacks on online wallets, the only way to really do it is a well-protected personal wallet.
I saw the trading sites as somewhere that you'd send cash/coins to, trade them, then send it back to your wallet/bank account. I see now people have been keeping the balance of their entire wallet on a trading site? Why would people do that?
I'm sorry, but if you had more than a few hundred dollars worth of coins or cash on mtGox, I just can't have sympathy for you. Why would you do that?
@_date: 2014-12-17 20:21:32
I have a retirement fund because (on the whole) today it's worth more than it was yesterday. In 10 years it'll be worth more than any cash I happen to keep in a savings account will be worth.
Hoarding BTC is the same thing. If somebody out there is sitting on millions of dollars worth of BTC, they could cash it out now, or they could sit on it and be richer tomorrow than they are today.
I could buy a copy of Microsoft Office with 100$ worth of BTC. Or I can buy it with 100$ USD and leave that BTC in my wallet where it will be worth 200$ in a few years (when the 100$ USD will be worth 70$).
This is the problem with deflating currency - there's no incentive to spend it.
This is also why we're seeing more outlets accepting it in exchange for their goods. It's like accepting stocks or a commodity that is consistently growing in value. They won't be exchanging it on the market immediately - they'll take the BTC and sit on it while the value grows, using inflating currencies to do their daily business.
The incentive to spend a currency comes from constant inflation. You know that tomorrow your USD in your pocket will be worth slightly less than it is today. It behooves you to save a little to put a down payment on a car or a house, sure - but the general trend is toward spending, especially spending on things that will increase in value over time (houses, investments, etc).
And to be honest, it's why I personally don't see BTC as a currency as much as a crypto-commodity. Something more akin to an easily-transferable form of gold than any major currency in use today.
@_date: 2014-12-17 23:30:19
Your meaningless spending is what western economies use to thrive.
@_date: 2014-02-26 00:40:49
Technically no. Banks create money every day out of thin air using a system called the 'fractional reserve' system.
Ever wonder why you have to put money down on a loan? It's because banks use that money as a deposit with which to magic into existence the rest of your loan. (Even better, since the fractional rate can be upwards of 9/1, your 20% down payment works to serve as 1 other guy's deposit).
Educate yourself a bit [here]( It's not perfect and it absolutely has an extremely well-defined bias, but it has very few wrong parts.
@_date: 2014-02-25 14:35:17
Tell that to banks
@_date: 2014-03-01 03:17:34
Quantum computers exist today. You don't think governments have QBit computers?
@_date: 2014-12-18 01:03:03
You're an idealist, I get it. The world needs idealists. But to be knowledgeable of the ways of the world and its history is needed in order to be a useful idealist.
@_date: 2014-02-25 14:35:03
While I don't doubt the government does bail out certain industries, I personally don't agree with bailouts unless the system failing will have a severe ripple effect to other industries. Or, as in the case with the banking/insurance system, all other industries.
My personal feelings is that if any system needs to be bailed out, it shouldn't be allowed to exist in the first place.
@_date: 2015-09-01 15:43:33
When I was writing I thought the same... Especially the "(with a lot of other perks)". I think it's because I just moved and had to research the differences between the options in my new area. I was very close to going Comcast Business, but I eventually decided on CenturyLink Residential.
@_date: 2015-09-01 20:46:45
You're being a bit irate here, so I'll try not to poke the bear or anything, but you're being silly.
If you're talking about you, a customer, on your residential ISP service, attempting to use a VOIP service via a 3rd party VOIP company, then yes that needs to not be blocked as it would be a violation of net neutrality. And that can be easily remedied by your VOIP carrier or port forwarding... And if the port IS blocked, then somebody probably set it up on a known dangerous or off-limits port.
But the way you stated it, it sounded like YOU were trying to run a VOIP business out of your residential ISP account, which should be blocked. You would need to purchase business-level services for something like that.
There's a huge difference between a company throttling data or preferring one data type over another, and a company requesting that you pay extra for business-level services... This is that commercial account vs personal account all over again - hosting commercial servers on residential services is just not feasible.
But to suggest that NO ports should be blocked, that's just ridiculous. You want somebody to be able to host a SMTP server, or when your grandmother hooks her PC up to the modem without a firewall that her drives should just be available for anybody to browse? Comon.
Reasonable restrictions for safety, security, and a distinction between a residential account and a commercial account (which is all of $20-30 extra) isn't a violation of net neutrality.
As many people have suggested here, if 8333 really is blocked (which I'd highly doubt given the OP's level of familiarity with IT - it's more likely his own ignorance in his way - and given the way you speak about these issues, I'd suggest that's likely your problem as well), then AT&amp;T probably had a good reason. If they didn't take that up with them or the FCC. But he could use a VPN, he could rent a VPS, he could pay for a business account...
Port Blocking doesn't necessarily mean a net neutrality issue. Your ignorance notwithstanding, there are legitimate reasons to block certain ports on the modem.
@_date: 2015-09-01 17:59:56
@_date: 2015-09-01 11:06:10
443 is probably blocked by the ISP too.
@_date: 2015-09-01 13:26:23
Like I said elsewhere, blocking 8333 is probably either the OP's ignorance or AT&amp;T receiving so many problems that they had to close it. OP can use a VPN or get commercial service or learn what is wrong on his network... But really somebody needs to reconfigure the blockchain to be less dependent on a single port.
They aren't blocking your minecraft server or your personal FTP server you've set up on some random port. They're blocking ports that cause them, their customers, or the rest of the internet problems. Ports that are used for intrusions, ports that viruses use to communicate, etc.
As for blocking 443/80/21/etc... If you truly want to host a website and it's not worth spending an extra $30/mo, then you probably don't really want to host a website very much.
@_date: 2015-09-01 20:26:31
Businesses... on residential service? I think I might have an idea where you went wrong.
@_date: 2015-09-01 14:15:37
If I had to guess, I'd say that there's probably a lot of intrusion or DDOS attempts on that port, or as a result of that port (IP 'x' is on the blockchain, target that IP) - people trying to get into wallets and such.
As for 443. If one of your customers is paying for a residential account then trying to utilize services that are typically more commercial, you might block it so that customer will pay for the commercial services. Especially since you don't guarantee uptime or bandwidth on residential that you do on commercial.
There's plenty to get up in arms against Comcast and other ISPs. But selective port blocking (within reason) isn't one of them IMO. Just the fact that they haven't completely blocked Torrents yet should show you that they aren't generally just blocking ports willy-nilly - they usually have a valid technical or legitimate business rationale. Maybe 8333 is overstepping that line, you'd have to ask them.
@_date: 2015-09-01 16:01:03
My city government has a sewage pipe coming from my house... and a water pipe... and a power cable... and a gas line... Why is a fiber line going to my door also not part of that suite of services?
And while hacking up a power, water, gas or sewage line so I can choose my provider isn't very feasible, hacking up data lines is perfectly feasible.
Then your ISP would be more akin to a cell service (though they need to be fixed quite a bit too). You'd have any number of ISP competitors, all offering various speeds, different services, different perks and bonuses and different prices - all competing for your business.
I don't see the need for my city to be talking to Level 3 about switches and whatnot - that should be a private company. But the line from my house to a node, then the line from an ISP to the node should all be managed by the city.
@_date: 2015-09-01 22:46:59
Now that you've explained your previous comment, I can see why you're frustrated. It's hard for me to respond to people when they don't articulate what it is they're talking about, and you have to admit your first comments were exceedingly vague for somebody who isn't already familiar with your situation.
But work in ISP support for a while and you'll change your mind pretty quickly. Why do you think Grandma knows what a firewall is? She doesn't understand how to use the power button. Her over-worked simpleton son set it all up and the limit of his knowledge boils down to "if a cable fits, put it there."
"A public IP and that's it" is great for people who know better. But one might suggest that's precisely what a business ISP account is - get one. You're their market - grandma isn't.
I agree that blocking 5060 is probably a neutrality issue, and it needs to be taken up with the FCC. But your suggestion that since 5060 shouldn't be blocked NOTHING should be blocked is myopic and overly reactionary. It's "This tax is bad, so ALL TAXES ARE BAD" kind of mentality, which is simple and puerile. There is a happy medium that keeps consumers safe and doesn't block worthwhile services. There are ports that need to be blocked from consumer-level access.
@_date: 2015-09-01 11:00:11
They put in the TOS that they are going to block ports they deem necessary to protect their network and ensure you're abiding by the terms of your residential service agreement. You attempting to bypass those restrictions is violating TOS.
@_date: 2015-09-01 14:24:07
It was obsolete pretty much the second always-on residential broadband began. But it's not like a commercial account is $20,000 a month - it's like $30 more per month than their cheapest residential service (with a lot of other perks). Anybody who is serious about self-hosting servers/services won't balk at $30.
But for $30/mo there are plenty of hosts out there who will be happy as pie to host your website or minecraft server for you.
As I said elsewhere - there are plenty of reasons to hate on Comcast and other ISPs without hating on their more legitimate business practices.
@_date: 2015-09-01 13:13:32
On residential services... You can run any servers you want on their commercial services. Which isn't all that much more expensive. It just keeps Joe 7th grader from running a porn spam server from the family PC.
If nobody wanted to abuse their $50/mo service to spam the planet, or send viruses to their neighbors, or run a porn server for profit, and all parents were Network Admins then ISPs wouldn't need to block any ports. But we don't live in that world.
As for this specific port being blocked - it seems silly to me, but it also looks as though the OP (of the original comment, not the user who posted it to reddit) doesn't know a hole in a firewall from a hole in the ground - so heaven knows how he's got his system set up.
@_date: 2015-09-01 11:42:05
Wrong direction. It needs to accept incoming connections to the port. Which is why inbound 443 is blocked, so you aren't running an HTTPS server from your residential service.
@_date: 2015-09-01 14:28:16
And some ports it's totally understandable that they block. If only to protect dumb consumers from themselves... Oops, I just directly connected my computer to the router and have my firewall off. I guess all my drives and printers are open to view on the internet now. And feel free to load me up with viruses that have been contained precisely because of blocking these certain ports.
If every consumer were a network admin, ISPs wouldn't need to block ports. But a lot of consumers are your grandmother.
Maybe 8333 is crossing a line, you can ask your ISP why it was blocked - I'd bet chances are good that there's a very good reason (intrusions, attacks, etc).
@_date: 2015-09-01 14:37:38
Port blocking *feels* wrong, I totally admit it. But anybody who disagrees can go work for an ISP's customer service line for a week and come back here and tell me I'm still wrong.
These ports protect you (and your grandmother) far more than they hinder you.
@_date: 2015-09-01 11:04:00
If you require port 25, and you're incurring financial losses, you can upgrade to a corporate account with no ports blocked.
@_date: 2015-09-01 13:09:03
Blocking inbound port connections is valid on residential services. I'm as pro-neutrality as the next guy but I worked for Cox as a support tech for a few years in the early 2000s... Blocking, for example, port 25 prevents a lot of spam e-mail. It may block the 3-4 guys in your service area who want to run a valid e-mail server too - but it's worth it to block the spamers. Same goes for any number of other ports that are blocked (the list is quite long).
If you want a clean firewall on your modem you can either purchase a commercial account - and it's not all that much more expensive - or you can use a VPN. But don't be surprised if your VPN provider hates spam as much as your ISP does.
@_date: 2015-09-01 14:47:07
I got off of Comcast recently. It feels pretty good. Their anti-competition tactics are just so disgusting. Freedom of choice only works when I actually have a choice.
@_date: 2015-09-01 13:05:01
Because hosting servers is a commercial operation. So you need a commercial account... Which isn't all that much more expensive.
@_date: 2015-09-01 14:30:06
Doesn't matter. The ISP will load their firewall rules on whatever modem you choose. And if they see you tampering with them, in violation of your TOS, they will disconnect you and require you to purchase a commercial account.
@_date: 2015-09-01 10:53:06
Any modem will accept port configurations by your isp. And your service will be disconnected of you tamper with those settings.
@_date: 2015-09-01 10:54:52
There are legitimate ports to block. And they block many ports so you don't run corporate servers using your residential service.
This isn't a net neutrality issue.
@_date: 2015-09-01 11:07:42
He can always just use a VPN.
@_date: 2013-04-11 15:49:35
The 30 day volume for all markets combined was around 30% of the total # of bitcoins in existence. And that's counting a lot of sold and re-sold and re-sold coins. So there's at least 70% of the people out there that agree with you...
BUT - There will always be people trying to make money from any system. Even if the vast majority of people shared your view of BTC as a currency rather than a commodity (which it plainly isn't), that's not going to stop people from gaming the system.
Especially when someone with 10,000 BTC can cash it in for 25m dollars, wait for the market to crash and re-buy his 10,000 BTC for a fraction of that cash.
You're suggesting that people not act the way they've been acting for thousands of years. It seems unreasonable, idealistic and naive.
@_date: 2013-04-11 20:38:37
It's not a currency. It's a commodity. Maybe one day... but this fixation of yours on mob bosses, and your username itself are suspicious at best - so I'm just gunna use the exit now.
@_date: 2013-04-11 16:03:41
Your chart is just as unrealistic.
@_date: 2013-04-11 18:00:23
My government protects me from hostile intrusion. They do a decent job to maintain a peaceful environment for me to live in. They could do a better job maintaining an even playing field, but when you look at history it's far better than it ever has been before. They make sure I have clean water to drink, clean food to eat, smooth and safe roads to travel on...
There are things I don't like, of course... but I have far more positives about my government than I do negatives. If I didn't I wouldn't live here. I think we need to take people who do nothing but complain about their government and drop them off in feudal japan or middle-ages Europe or modern day congo - then they can tell me just how horrible their government is.
@_date: 2013-04-11 22:46:51
Seems to me like they put all the risk on my end. Every method they provide is zero risk for them, complete risk for me.
@_date: 2013-04-11 23:09:12
I suppose I understand *why*... but I can't really think of anything else I can buy or trade or gamble that makes it so difficult on my end. There's inherent risk everywhere. People will always try to game every system, especially when there's such risk in what they're purchasing...
The best option I've found is I think BitStamp lets you transfer money from a capital one checking account. But even then I have to go through all the hoops of a new checking account.
@_date: 2013-04-09 14:04:14
I don't think it will ever fall to zero. It's still a commodity of limited amounts that people have valued in the past.
But it's an absolutely unregulated market.  It can be gamed easily, and I think that's what we're seeing here... I look at these big spikes of price with these leveling-off periods. It just doesn't look like any graph of any other stock, commodity or currency I've ever seen - but I'm no expert.
It LOOKS like someone is upping the value on purpose with strategic trades then riding the high price until it dips a bit, then driving the price back up again... It's exactly what anyone would do to an unregulated, untraceable market.
When confidence begins to wane, it will crash and crash hard. Leaving few winners and many losers - and nobody to blame.
That said, we probably have until ~$350/coin until it collapses completely.
@_date: 2013-04-11 16:31:55
All aboard the bravery train...
@_date: 2013-05-31 18:21:46
Price is specific. You have a market price of milk, or of gold, or of stocks, or of frozen concentrated orange juice. But I've never heard of the word 'price' being used as an index the way you are here. The term for 'price' as an index has always been 'value' or 'worth' as far as I've used it. You can have a general value of money (it's starting to look like a nonsense word, I should probably stop the conversation soon). But you can't have a general 'price' of money.
lol - must learn to read corrections more clearly - I think I meant 'spawned', but I'll change it to 'catalyze'.
I think it's easy to sit on your computer on the internet, in your nice house, with functional clean utilities, roads leading anywhere and everywhere, living longer than anyone of any society at any point in history and only think about the negatives of the fractional reserve system.
There are certainly inherent problems with it, and as I said there are probably better ways to do it... but there are far too many positives of the system to believe it's been a net detriment to society. That just seems myopic to me. It may even be immoral, but it's tough for me to look around at our modern society and call it a net failure.
@_date: 2013-05-31 10:32:24
Economics is the study of group **behavior** when it comes to money. Of course the value of money changes behavior. If you can disprove it, go right ahead and claim your Nobel prize.
@_date: 2013-04-11 23:13:40
I guess I always have the option of buying coins direct from somebody in my city, then using that coin to sell for cash to use for trading.
@_date: 2013-04-09 13:14:50
Shhhh, they don't want to be told that the lack of regulation, the 24/7 trading cycle and the extreme susceptibility to untraceable fraud has gamed their system and will ultimately lead to the bursting of the bubble - but only after those who have perpetrated this fraud have made themselves millionaires. I mean unregulated markets have never been a problem in the past, right?
Just let them have this day.
@_date: 2013-05-30 23:29:38
What's wrong with inflation?
It creates an incentive to not hoard your money - to send it out into the world, investing in things you believe in or think will make you money. If currency reliably deflated, you'd have no reason to invest - no reason to buy things other than what you really needed.
Quasi-reliable inflation drives growth and innovation.
@_date: 2013-04-12 19:20:16
It will never be stable. It will be an unregulated commodity just like all the rest in the last 1000 years. No amount of waiting, or raising the price or public knowledge is going to change that.
The price will boom and bust and boom and bust because that's what commodity markets (and especially unregulated commodity markets) DO. And unstable commodities make horrible currencies - it's a big reason reason why the USD isn't tied to a precious metal anymore. It's too hard to control the value of a currency in a debt-based economy.
@_date: 2013-04-04 02:58:13
I guess I'm confused about bitcoins... It seems to me that the total amount of money simply can't rise fast enough to keep pace with more people learning about it and thus driving up demand.
This will force rampant deflation.
Add to that the price for electricity vs mining will become adversely prohibitive...
So what happens? Even if the price bottomed out and people fled, it'd still eventually rebound and have revival, boom, bust, revival, boom, bust... I mean... WHY are people selling coins today at all? What would the point be? Why would anybody buy anything with a bitcoin?
You'd think the only way to keep it stable would be for the algorithm to be smarter than it is, and force a ~3% inflation, just like all other currencies.
What am I missing here?
@_date: 2013-04-11 20:15:52
Yeah, comon guys... when .0001 bitcoin is worth 1 dollar, then it'll be a viable currency!
@_date: 2013-04-10 19:53:26
This was last night - when I saw it I took a snapshot of bitstamp as well... 
The MtGox screenshot and this one were minutes apart. Yet Bitstamp was trading at $235...
Bitstamp has a nice curve of prospective sellers ("nice" is generous here - it's still pretty aggressive, but it's not *that* bad, it's how you might expect a rapidly growing stock to look). There's a few people looking to sell for a decent price, and more looking to sell at ever-higher prices...
With the MtGox graph somebody is just going in and buying all they can, regardless of getting a good deal. They aren't waiting for a good distribution. Worst yet, they aren't looking on any other market for a better price which is why bitstamp still has 235s and 240s for sale.
Somebody's intentionally gaming the system to drive the price higher.
Basically somebody is offering a bunch of sells for $250 - and his buddy (or he himself) is coming in and buying them. This artificially caps the price so people think this is the actual value. More people, not involved, keep buying.
@_date: 2013-04-04 04:13:44
it won't be a viable currency. ever
The simple way it's designed means mass deflation. If it were as ubiquitous as it would need to be to be a 'viable currency', its value would skyrocket. There is no mechanism for it to inflate itself against a mass influx of new users or any way to guard against a bubble. There's no reason for people to spend them (and no reason for people to accept them for their goods/services if it's not a stable currency).
Right now there's very few reasons for anybody to sell (other than for fear the bottom's finally going to fall out). And the price is scaring off potential buyers. It'll lose 3/4ths of its value soon and then it'll be safer for a while - until the next bubble.
Coincidentally, the graph looks almost identical to the major index funds right before the '08 crash... So... there's that to look forward to.
@_date: 2013-04-10 19:29:10
That's just not how a healthy trading market looks. Somebody is intentionally scamming the system when it looks like that.
@_date: 2013-05-31 15:36:52
If you replaced all of your 'price's to 'value' it would be a better argument as they aren't the same thing... But I still would suggest that the words 'inflation' and 'deflation' are more more about the ratio of supply to supply holders than it is about supply itself.
Yes, value and inflation/deflation are no synonymous, but whether you increase supply or decrease supply holders, the effect is exactly the same - inflation. It's a function of how much of something there is and how many ways it must be divided.
I certainly see your point that I am taking a general term 'inflation' that does have a definition of 'raising the supply of something', and tacking on the added baggage of 'which decreases its value'. However, I'd suggest that without that added baggage, there's no way the original article makes any sense at all... Since the article would be saying inflation simply being increasing supply without the connotation of decreased value and would be suggesting its a bad thing.
The fractional reserve system with a quasi-steady inflationary value of money has done a lot for our modern culture (good and bad). It's been around for a few hundred years and has been a catalyst for innovation, exploration, and prosperity for us. I personally would like to see money more directly tied to value than to debt, and/or for our governments to acknowledge failure as a fundamental and unavoidable part of any fractional reserve system (since a bank only creates the principle of the loan, not the interest it's literally impossible for all the loans to be repaid).
There's several failures of the modern system that ignore the very logical concepts behind our system. Such as: failure, risk, fallibility of popular opinion, unchecked growth, unfair practices, etc. Many of these concepts are built into this system (especially when you add capitalism into the mix) and must be countered with logical, well enforced regulations. But I wouldn't call it inherently evil and I certainly wouldn't call the last few hundred years a 'dark age'.
@_date: 2013-04-10 19:22:18
@_date: 2013-05-31 14:03:19
While you're getting into much more specific issues with the real-world concepts, I was trying to provide a general overview of the ideas behind it. The original title seemed to deify inflation as inherently evil, that was the concept I was attempting to dispel.
I think the comment here:


is part of the problem. Inflation isn't simply the total money supply increasing or decreasing. Inflation is about the value of money, not the supply. If 1/2 of americans vanished tomorrow, we'd have the exact same supply of money but money would be worth (warning: upcoming example/heuristic math, not real math) say 1/2 as much. So inflation is about *value*, not supply. Say Value is a function of supply / population (obviously more complicated than this - just more heuristics). Supply is only one part of it.
Stability in the economy is by far the best way to ensure growth, part of that stability is a constant, predictable rate of inflation. And generally, a modest level of inflation (around 3%) has been shown to be nominal to ensure growth because of the aforementioned reasons.
I certainly agree politically in much of your assessment about what's currently lacking in the practice of economies, but I was trying not to turn the conversation away from the original comment that inflation was by definition, evil.
@_date: 2013-04-04 10:59:20
What I'm confused about, I guess, is that it doesn't seem to BE a currency. It's far more akin to tulip bulbs, or coffee beans, or gold...
Nobody on here is saying "oh look at all the cool things I can now buy with my bitcoins." Just as nobody said, "oh, look at all the cool things I can buy with my gold."
The price for all the goods I've seen have been in relation to the USD/BTC index. So in reality people are saying, "Look how much USD I can buy with my bitcoins, and then I can buy houses, boats, cars, bread, etc."
The Zimbabwean dollar was devalued based on what it could buy inside its own country - that's what the inflation was measured by... We only convert it to USD to let it make sense to us.
At the moment, since all the USD value if your BTC is going up and up just by sitting on your BTC, the incentive to SELL BTC or, worse yet, buy anything with BTC goes lower with each 'good day'.
@_date: 2013-04-11 18:25:56
@_date: 2013-04-11 20:30:35
Okay... 'waste' may have been the wrong word... But let me try to explain it to you like this... If I have $93,000 sitting in a savings account I might...
* Pay off any loans I have
* or Put a down payment on a house or pay off my house
* or Put some of it into my 401k
* or Open a safe account for my child's education
* or Buy a reliable used car
* or, if all of those other things are already done... My house is paid off, I have a reliable car, my retirement years are secure, my kid's education is secure, I have decent furnature, a good set of pots&amp;pans, a decent television, hardwood floors, a good bitcoin miner server, an energy efficient washer &amp; dryer, refriderator and am secure in my future ability to purchase food, clothing, and a steady stream of cocaine... THEN I might invest SOME of it in a diverse portfolio, including a few thousand dollars worth of BTC just as a nice fun thing to watch grow and play around with...
You didn't cash out home equity or scrape together all of your belongings and sell them for BTC or sell your last kidney on the black market...
You had $93,000 laying around, and while it might be a significant investment for you, if it went away completely tomorrow you'd be upset but you wouldn't have to live on the street and eat out of a dumpster.
Do you see what I mean?
If I were in your position, I might not worry about selling them either - perhaps watching and waiting for 1, 5, 10, 30 years might not look too bad to me... You're set in your life... But there's a lot of people out there that don't consider $93,000 something to be so frivolous with - and if that $93,000 suddenly turned into $720,000, a rather lifestyle-changing amount, they'd certainly sell.
I'm saying it's not so much of a sacrifice if you're already living a comfortable life.
@_date: 2013-04-11 18:34:51
I should be able to "buy" trade-money from a website. Think about how microtransactions work on games like LoL or PoE today... 
* I buy a certain block of 'trade-money' from a website
* I also 'buy' a certain block of 'trade-BTC' from that website using my BTC wallet.
Using that system I can trade money on that account.
Then I could cash out my 'trade-money' and 'trade-btc', transferring the $ or btc back to my btc wallet... and for USD they could either credit my bank account, cut me a check, send to a PayPal account... whatever.
@_date: 2013-04-12 19:09:03
A better argument would be that a currency IS a commodity. But here's the difference between a currency and a commodity...
Governments and banks have a severe interest in keeping currency inflation steady. We can get into a whole discussion that is the crux of most of this subreddit about if that's good or not - but suffice it to say in its short life so far, the trading of BTC looks a lot more like a commodity than a currency.
As such, it's going to be difficult to get people to use it as a currency.
People keep saying, "Oh wait for the market to calm down... oh wait for the # of btc to be more stable... oh wait for more people to start accepting it"... Gold's been around for a while. There's far more people interested in converting back to the gold standard than the BTC standard - and the price for gold has never calmed down... except when it was tied to currency. Since then it's been unstable and it will continue to be unstable.
BTC has been unstable, and will continue to be unstable.
@_date: 2013-04-12 04:20:32
Is this what you're referring to?
@_date: 2013-04-11 16:29:16
Or less idealistic users.
@_date: 2013-04-11 18:16:47
'conforms' is a strong word... 'is shaped by' perhaps. But even with all the work we've made in forging a fair and just society, it's sometimes very shocking how quickly all of the brutal history of humanity can repeat itself.
I'm not saying that there is no place for Idealism. I still consider myself an idealist - but if there's anything my years have taught me is that you can't ignore reality, history or humanity when making your grand designs.
@_date: 2013-04-11 18:07:36
They could become the low-frequency stable trader... trading for 5 coins or more per transaction. Let the other markets handle the more unstable market traffic... Or voluntarily split themselves up into 10 new markets each with a different specialty.
@_date: 2013-04-10 20:21:43
Higher? Higher than 10x in 30 days?
These people didn't buy at $2 and are looking to cash out. The history of this chart screams of people buying for 30, scamming the system to drive the price to 40, then selling... buying at 35, gaming, and selling at 45.... These people are taking you poor saps for Mister Toad's wild ride, and you're smiling and saying 'thank you'.
Hell, even a modest hedge fund manager with a low-end quant could take this system, turn it on its head and make millions from you guys... And when he's done and the market finally does realize what he's doing, he'll skip away and tell stories to his friends how easily he gamed the idiots on the internet (and all 100% legally).
@_date: 2013-04-09 13:53:59
Why is the price for transfer a fee in the thing being transferred?
Should it not be a fee in the currency you're using to purchase the commodity? Does any other stock, currency exchange or commodity work this way? When you purchase or sell Google stock they don't take a .01 share - they take a set price or percentage.
Transferring bitcoins between people for purchases should be inherently free, but the fee of the transfer should be a percentage of the transfer if it's anything.
@_date: 2013-04-12 18:09:40
It may be a currency one day (although it probably won't be) - but it's a commodity today.
@_date: 2013-04-10 23:19:04
Why would anybody sell 0.0001 bitcoin? Selling 1 US Cent of a bitcoin. How about hundreds of these 0.0001 sells/buys?
The **ONLY** reason to do this is to manipulate the price.
Don't get me wrong, if I had the forethought to sit down and start mining &amp; buying when I first heard about Bitcoins, then I'd be happy as a pig in shit to be buying a house with my winnings right now... But I still wouldn't be sitting here trying to tell everybody that this isn't a system that's completely corrupt.
If I'm not the one who is manipulating the system, why would I trust my money in it?
@_date: 2013-04-03 20:38:49
This SCREAMS of bubble. Though it will probably go up for 6 more months before the bottom falls out.
@_date: 2013-04-11 18:11:41
I'm sorry your government has done so many horrible things to you. How hard are they going to torture you and your family when they find out you've been using the internet?
@_date: 2013-04-11 16:35:19
Just because you're noble or loyal or true doesn't mean you're smart.
You could have sold out at 240 and bought at 70, had the same # of coins, the same loyalty, and been $170/coin richer. Or spent it on even more coins.
@_date: 2013-04-11 17:55:16
Here's the question though. Say Amazon did start selling things with BTC. How do you prevent the price from being dictated by the price of BTC/USD?
Why would I buy a widget from amazon for 1BTC when the same item is on sale for 50USD? If I buy for the BTC price, it's more expensive. And vise-versa if the price was lower in BTC...
Say I see an online store selling an item for 50USD or 25GBP... I could try to convert my USD to GBP, but I don't have a bank that will accept GBP. I don't have any system set up for me to purchase my items for GBP. And if I did, it wouldn't be worth the meager savings.
Not true with BTC. It's instantly convertible, the price fluctuates wildly so you can't have any stable price on your goods. At least with the USD you can be fairly certain the value of the currency won't go down by 10% in one month or up by 20% the next... Let alone the value going up 11x in one month, then down by 2/3rds in 6 hours.
No, BTC would need to be a real currency to be used as a currency. This is why the commodity label works far better for BTC than the currency label.
@_date: 2013-04-14 03:00:22
Translucent money doesn't scream 'security', 'longevity' or 'stability'. Just sayin...
@_date: 2013-04-12 13:47:39
They allow trades of 0.0001 bitcoins... people are manipulating the market with pennies.
@_date: 2013-05-31 10:29:51
I suppose the easiest answer to 'Why I believe inflation does that' is because it's the first thing you learn in economics. Now economics may not be a perfect science as it's largely based on psychology and sociology, but there are things we know. And '3% inflation is maximum for growth' seems extremely clear from the data.
Now, I'm not big on government in general... but one thing the government does do is it keeps a quasi-steady inflation rate. Just look at historical inflation, especially after the switch off of the gold standard. It's almost always 3%. It's reliable, you know that every year your money will be 3% less valuable.
So you have deep incentive to find some sort of investment that is going to get you MORE than 3% return just so you can break even. It doesn't help you to sit on your money. If the rich do anything for the country, they invest their money. It helps when they invest it into something 'real' rather than financial wizardry they tend to throw their money at.
Why do you think during recessions the government pours money into public works projects? Well, because in recessions banks stop lending which is a huge percentage of the new money supply (yes, contrary to popular belief and all basic logic, banks create money out of thin air), so deflation occurs. The government throws money into the supply to try to counteract it.
Likewise, why did Clinton have such a surplus? Sure his policies had a bit to do with it, but by far the largest reason for it is that we had explosive growth in the 90's with the dot-com 'bubble'. Banks were lending like gang-busters and the economy itself was growing quickly. If the government kept spending at a high rate, inflation would have been too high - so they HAD to cut back to try to deflate the currency.
@_date: 2013-04-11 20:50:57
'Bored' would be a better description.
@_date: 2013-04-12 19:30:17
Yes, yes... the ever-popular "I just got into a market system and think it's a brand new idea" response I've come to expect from Don't get me wrong, I think it's a fine system for what it is. The world probably needed a market system that can't be tied down with government regulations. It's fun to play with stock markets, people have done it for hundreds of years. But don't make the mistake of that so many of the people on this board (and many of the non-bitcoin communities listed in the sidebar) make by thinking this is new and special and defies all historical knowledge we've gathered about human behavior.
Even if you made your own country and paid all of your people exclusively in bitcoins, the moment your people found out that they have to buy a laptop in your country for 10 BTC, but if they exchange their BTC to USD and they can get a laptop from the US for 4BTC after exchange fees and shipping they will do it EVERY TIME.
@_date: 2013-04-10 20:15:19
If it's natural, and there's no ill intent behind this, then there's a LOT of people out there not trying to get a good deal, and just willing to buy huge numbers of small amounts of coins for exactly $250 per coin... YET, there is nobody looking to buy for 249.90, 249.50, 249... If this is un-gamed, it looks like no other commodity, stock, or currency market graph I've ever seen - and it's a total anomaly, people are more interested in buying for exactly $250 than they are for getting a good deal.
@_date: 2013-04-11 17:47:54
If I had $93,000 to waste on BTC, I might not worry about selling them either.
@_date: 2013-04-04 04:07:56
This might just be the most retarded thing I've seen on here....
@_date: 2013-04-12 13:41:15
* What's the easiest way to give you guys money so I can start trading?
* Why is it set up to be so difficult? Each method I see makes me feel more uncomfortable than the last.
* Do you think this is bad for the market?
@_date: 2013-04-11 18:09:29
Realism will trample all over Idealism's dreams every time.
@_date: 2013-04-11 18:22:16
That still sounds an awful like a commodity to me...
@_date: 2013-04-10 20:53:36
Let's put it like this. Go into finance laws. See what it's illegal to do the stock or commodities markets... DO that to bitcoins. It's even completely legal.
Hell, maybe you can knock over a somewhat popular and poorly secured web wallet company and start off with some play money.
This market looks exactly like the stock market did in the 20's. People inflating the sells at ever-increasing amounts... then buying small amounts of coins for ever-increasing $ amounts to drive up the prices and drive people into their walls.
Then hang back and wait for your mini-bubble to burst, and go again. Look at the prices for the last 4 weeks.
@_date: 2013-04-11 20:01:05
Seriously - I'm looking and each method looks as shady as the last. Why can't we just pay with a credit card or something?
@_date: 2013-05-31 19:02:20
Purchasing power =/= price. But it is a term we can both agree on. Still unsure why we're quibbling over semantics. What's your beef with 'value'? You haven't really said, just that 'price' is somehow better.
As for correlation-causation... I mean we have a lot of history. Many thousands of years. As a society we really didn't hit the wheelhouse of growth and innovation until we started using a fractional reserve debt-based economic system.
It's also fairly clear from history that the societies that kept their older style economies lagged behind in nearly every measurable way until they switched. And it's certainly not the only reason for the western culture's general success, but it is one of the sails rather than an anchor.
That's not to say the system is without fault - it's a fine line you must walk between 'great recession' and burning money for fuel. That line that fosters maximal growth with minimal public debt.
And unfortunately things that sound heuristically true are actually horrible in the fractional reserve system. "Just print more money" sounds fine when you're first learning about it, but obviously causes inflation... "We need to zero out the debt" sounds perfectly fine but would cripple the economy... "Loans should all be interest free"... "People shouldn't be allowed to go bankrupt"... "We don't need a bailout"... "just let the banks fail"...
Careful control of all of these factors by experts is key in our system. When you let politics dictate economic policy it's difficult to maintain that balancing act.
@_date: 2013-04-11 16:36:56
With mtGox down, it won't take too long for the gamers to re-program their bots for a new market. But it'll probably get to ~$35 before they get back to full-steam scamming again.