@_author: valiant_try
@_date: 2014-12-09 01:05:55
rad :)  
@_date: 2014-12-09 06:32:58
There is a reasonable answer to this Q, but I need to ask the other testing nerd on our team to weigh in. hang tight.
@_date: 2014-12-09 06:16:05
We can see all referral traffic using Google Analytics, about 1% of the traffic to our donation form during this A/B test has come from bitcoin news/forums and reddit. Even if these were a significant traffic source, the traffic is being randomly split by our testing software between the A/B test forms, so the impact, if any, would be spread equally between variants. Also, all of coverage for Mozilla's acceptance of bitcoin in late November published the direct link to our bitcoin form, not a link to our general donation form (the one we're now testing).
@_date: 2014-12-08 23:41:46
Did you try to donate recently? There was an early bug on the button originating with Coinbase that we ID'd and fixed within a couple of hours. Have you had difficulty recently? This is the page:  I just tested using FF 34 and it worked. (Testing started after this bug was ID'd and fixed, so it's not impacting results.) Update: Rather, it won't impact results assuming you're referring to the old bug that has been resolved.
@_date: 2014-12-09 03:57:38
Good point and we plan to test this. We were receiving a few emails per day in our support inbox from the form to accept bitcoin, so that's why we decided to specifically test "Donate with Bitcoin" on the form. We get 3x as many inbox requests for our mailing address to send a check than we do to donate via bitcoin. We will test wording such as "Mail a check instead" or "Donate with Check" in the same location on the page as "Donate with Bitcoin". The tricky thing is that we can't immediately measure the ROI from paper checks, so judging the cost/benefit is more difficult in that case than bitcoin. We can watch our Coinbase wallet real time. We also have a page called "Ways to Give", but it's linked from the FAQ which you can get to from the form. ( FTR i'm not convinced the words matter, it could say "Bunny rabbit poo" and have the same impact on conversion as "Donate with X". Not that ima test that ;)
@_date: 2014-12-09 00:46:09
Just wondering where you are seeing a $15 minimum? We don't have a min. requ'rd donation for bitcoin. Our min for our U.S. donation forms is $2. It would be less, except we do pay a small % in processing fees that make setting a small minimum necessary. Our average donation using PayPal is $8, average CC donation is about $10. Bitcoin donations vary widely so far, from USD $1 to $100+. Update: To your point, we've made a big effort to reduce friction for donors who want to give smaller amounts this year, and we are seeing huge benefits in terms of real revenue (more people donating smaller avg gift = net gain in revenue). Surfacing PayPal has made the biggest impact by far in this regard. We'll post more about this on fundraising.mozilla.org.
@_date: 2014-12-08 22:28:09
"same audience" as in "same source of traffic" e.g. split traffic to A and B versions from about:home, email, homepage links; etc. Optimizely does this traffic cop task automatically. My hypothesis is that your last one is the likely suspect: form is slightly longer / there is slightly more friction on the page with added text. We're running this test a little longer to get the best possible sample. We'll post an update on results.