@_author: valmar33
@_date: 2018-03-22 08:58:40
Proof? I can kind of believe it, but proof? Not just for me, but anyone wondering about your post.
@_date: 2018-03-22 13:31:29
These days, I've been seeing far too many accusations by the US and their friends against the Russian government, accusing them of this and that and everything else, and just piling on the sanctions, regardless of whether there's really any proof for any of it or not.
Is the Russian government innocent, then? Not at all. Their politicians make questionable laws, have weird policies and questionably spy on their citizens just as much as any Western country. Snowden doesn't trust them, but he seems to think they're more trustworthy than his own, which is telling. Snowden has spoken out against the Russian government, but is still seemingly in Russia. This suggests that he's comfortable criticizing, knowing that he won't be assassinated or disappeared.
The real problem is that the US and their friends have too much power. They want Russia to fall into line with what direction they want to take the global community, and if Russia refuses to play the game, the US punishes them severely and ridiculously.
Part of this includes spreading propaganda almost akin to that of "the Russians are everywhere!". Cold War level bullshit.
Russia, regardless of its own government insanity, doesn't seem to be putting bases in almost every country on the planet, nor surround the US with NATO forces, nor slapping constant sanctions on the US for every possible reason, nor supporting terrorists in the Middle East, all while calling them "freedom fighters", nor sending billions to Israel, nor supporting the terrorist government of Saudi Arabia, nor having had a history over the decades of interfering with other countries constantly, whether in their elections or calling their leaders terrorists without proof, accusing them of WMDs, growing Heroin the Middle East, etc, etc, etc.
I don't trust Russia, but I hardly see them at anywhere near the same level of evilness as the US. Russia's timeline of ***cold-hard proven actions*** doesn't suggest that they're after world domination.
What a time to be alive... :(
@_date: 2018-03-22 11:14:07
Again, potential internet sarcasm goes over my head. Seems to be a commonly occurring problem when one doesn't have any additional content to draw upon. :/
"Social" media? Yeah, well... it's lacking in a lot of the nuances that make for real socializing.
@_date: 2018-03-22 09:00:58
Facebook isn't any better...