@_author: vanguard_nxivmdotcom
@_date: 2015-12-06 21:21:23
Thank you for your help. I will pass this along to some of my colleagues who are working on it with me. It seems like there are a lot of options that would allow us to do the transactions face to face and keep it off the block chain. But even if we cannot do it that way keeping it on the block chain is still an option as long as the bitcoins are not traceable to anyone in our organization. That is the main objective.
Because of some of the doubts we have gotten I want to say again it is not for money laundering. Our businesses simply do better if there is a degree of anonymity in a lot of the transactions, especially because it helps protect our members from some of the hostility we have already seen on Reddit today. 
People really believe that we are bad and we are just not. It is hard, however, doing business sometimes when everyone on the internet seems so determined to believe a small set of untruths that have blossomed irrationally. So in a way it is good that some of the reactions here have been what they have.
One of the things that we made a decision to do long ago was to vigorously defend our organization against libel and other vicious attacks. Having money that wasn't directly tied to us would help with that mission a lot.
@_date: 2015-12-06 15:23:33
Hi! There has been some controversy surrounding our organisiations and we are perfectly willing to address those false allegations. Over the years many people have been threatened by our methods but I assure you the things you may see on the internet are not true. I have been friends with Keith and Nancy (our founders) for many years and I have also been a member of NXIVM and other programs (most recently Jness). I can tell you from personal experience that there is nothing shady going on here! As we all know the internet is full of people saying as many horrifying things that they can just to get attention!
People tend to call many things "cult" when they don't understand it--like Scientology, as an example. We are not like Scientology by the way! I'm just using the campaigns against Scientology as an example of the way people react to progressive thought and organizations sometimes.
Our leader, Keith, has been established to have the highest I.Q. in the world. He is one of the most generous and intelligent people I have ever known. He is close personally to some very solid public figures. Here's a short list of some of our supporters and members:
His Holiness the Dalai Lama,
Richard Branson (Virgin Atlantic, etc.),
Kristin Kreuk (actress),
Allison Mack (actress),
Nicki Clyne (actress),
Jim Holland (Olympic Skiier, BackCountry.com),
Antonio Novello (former U.S. Surgeon General),
Emilio Salinas (son of former Mexican President, Carlos Salinas),
Mark Vicente (director, What the Bleep Do We Know, etc.),
Clare and Sara Bronfman (Seagrams Beverages).
I know from first hand experience that these people speak highly of Keith publicly and have close personal relationships with him. I think if you do more research you will see that some of the information about our family is misleading. Our stated mission is completely humanitarian. We have no interest in being involved with activities that cheat hurt or otherwise damage anyone. I want to repeat, if you just look at the material on our sites--along with some of the celebrities and notable people who have and continue to be involved with us, it should be very obvious what our objectives are.
I want to assure anyone who might be interested (and it looks like quite a few of you are already!) that we are not a cult or a scam! Our current level of interest is exploratory but we anticipate that these operations will more than likely go forward.
I want to make sure I didn't mislead anyone about our intentions with bitcoin. We have a lot of legal help and our teams made sure that we will not be breaking any money transmission or money laundering laws. We are only trying to find ways to securely convert funds that can be moved quickly as we expand operations. This money already belongs to our organization (we are very well funded) so we are not laundering anything.
Thank you all for your interest. If we get enough responses here (or on the other media where we are seeking help) one or both of our founders (Keith or Nancy) may come to do an AMA, or at least to answer questions. We have had to deal with these misperceptions for a long time and the last thing we want is for anyone to take some of the allegations leveled against us as serious.
If nothing else our success in court against many of these campaigns should prove that we are legitimate, serious and honest. It is hard to think we would be able to defend our reputation so many times if there weren't a lot of positive things about who and what our family is!
Thank you again for your interest and I will be more than happy to answer any other thoughts you have! I may not be able to check this board for the next few days (I am travelling) but I will do my best to stay on top of the discussion.
@_date: 2015-12-06 15:30:05
My understanding from smarter people than me who understand bitcoin much better is that we would do a face to face exchange, on a USB stick or something like that where we would receive the bitcoins on the USB and we would pay cash to the person for those bitcoins.
From my understanding which is limited as I have said, we would be asking for bitcoin addresses that could be handed over with passwords, like in a wallet. We would then change the passwords immediately and exchange the cash. I hope that makes sense. In the meetings we have had the people who have some experience with it say it would not be any problem at all. And such and exchange would as I understand it, stay off the block chain.
Thank you for your comment. We are just here to learn and hopefully start some dialogs that might lead to long term relationships.
@_date: 2015-12-06 15:30:32
Everything would happen face to face so I don't see how it could be a scam. But I understand your concerns.
@_date: 2015-12-07 16:08:14
Thank you for the suggestion! I will pass this along to the rest of our team!
@_date: 2015-12-07 16:07:38
Before this goes any farther I am going to go on the record and say that this person is not a former member of NXIVM. The allegations in this post are obviously false and meant to discredit us. We have contacted Reddit about this and other damaging posts in the last few days. We are in the process of dealing with it and it should be resolved by today or tomorrow.
Thank you again to all of you who have responded and please know we are taking your inquiries very seriously. If we have not already been in touch we will be shortly. The response has been strong enough that I have canceled my trip today in order to work on it.