@_author: vape_and_plunder
@_date: 2018-09-22 08:36:11
It is worth remembering that WikiLeaks had wide support from the general public at that time. As far as I'm aware, it was never in any danger of being shutdown either.
Further, 3000BTC at that point is $750. It was literally pocket change for an organization with that amount of political influence. Further, "they received more funds in the long term due to the exponential rise of the Bitcoin", is true, yes -- but even if they sat on it for years upon years (and anyway, they didn't I believe -- it was always cashed out), it works out at $20,000,000 at best by 2013, when it was spent. Still not exactly Bond-villain level. And also, this is years before the election.
To put it plainly, WikiLeaks was probably hijacked by Russians at some point, yes, and Russia very likely interfered with the US election, also yes, but to jump from "Bitcoin caused WikiLeaks to survive meaning WikiLeaks caused Hilary to lose the election to Trump" is ignoring all the actual underlying causes in the voting. 
Bitcoin is a public ledger. It's poor on a state-level for covert purposes. It can be used as a tool, as any good tool can be, but it's much the same as a briefcase of cash or a briefcase of diamonds in this case. 
Your quoting structure has a slight chance of being misread also, in that it's not clear the first half is not Satoshi. To be clear, Satoshi's literal last words were:
"It would have been nice to get this attention in any other context.  WikiLeaks has kicked the hornet's nest, and the swarm is headed towards us."
It did not destroy Bitcoin, despite being pocket change at the time, but it's still tainting it, as you can tell from its appearance in this thread...
@_date: 2018-05-15 06:49:34
It's inflation-proof unless you use a non-standard definition of inflation. The only inflation it undergoes is known far in advance, by mining, and that will cease at a certain point.
Inflation can cause the loss of value for an asset, but a loss of value doesn't mean the asset has inflated, they are distinct concepts.
@_date: 2018-08-04 07:00:59
I don't think he's dying, or made the bet because he thinks he won't be around for 2020. I think he made it because he's deep into Bitcoin, the market was incredibly bullish at the time, and he likes the attention of making such a statement, which he probably thinks is quite possible.
He's still active and has new projects on the go, which wouldn't make sense if he thought he was dying.
@_date: 2018-05-10 15:03:15
Nothing. Wikipedia's MediaWiki runs off PHP, albeit with much of it executed using HHVM as the engine rather than Zend.
But I still understand what he means. There were exchanges running that were built by one person and which were either semi-automated (i.e. hardly an exchange), or leveraging PHP to do absolutely everything outside of the database.
@_date: 2018-05-15 12:37:32
The uncontrolled printing of base money led Venezuela to hyperinflation, which is what monetary inflation is -- increasing the money supply. It's exceedingly obvious that this is being used as a contrast and a reference to Bitcoin's 21m cap.
It's not even possible to make sense of the post otherwise.
@_date: 2018-05-15 06:48:14
It is inflation-proof. 
Inflation-proof doesn't meant an asset itself doesn't undergo inflation (it can, e.g. gold mining), it just means that all else being equal, its value when denominated in a currency will rise accordingly in response to that currency's inflation. 


Completely incorrect. The only inflation it undergoes is known far in advance, by mining, and that will cease at a certain point. To be clear, when Bitcoin inflates, it means that the number of Bitcoins in existence increases, decreasing the purchasing power of each one. What they are randomly valued at at that time due is not taken into consideration when talking of inflation. 
@_date: 2018-05-08 11:20:34
I mean, I won't dimiss it outright, the timing is interesting. But the rate of growth at that point, which ironically is why the futures were introduced(!), seemed unsustainable and a correction somewhat inevitable.
@_date: 2018-05-15 07:35:52


Inflation-proof doesn't meant an asset itself doesn't undergo inflation (it can, e.g. gold mining), it means that all else being equal, its value when denominated in a currency will rise accordingly in response to that currency's monetary inflation. Bitcoin's inflation is lower than that of any fiat currency (as far as I'm aware) and so would be considered inflation-proof.
My second sentence and third sentences were not specifically addressing inflation-proofing, which, without being on board with the above, admittedly could mislead (albeit, it would be nonsensical if interpreted like that - as you saw).


Only the first is inflation, the second is a result of inflation.


Currencies can still be deflationary even while printing new money -- the loss of ability to spend a currency contributes to deflation, so it's not unreasonable to consider Bitcoin deflationary, even by a conservative definition, if it's possible to make a case that Bitcoin is being lost or destroyed.
@_date: 2018-05-15 12:25:58


I find the concept of a deflationary day-to-day currency pretty hard to envision. The world as we know it spins due to inflation and debt, and it would be incredibly painful if even possible to alter that in the short-medium term. 
However, Bitcoin right now, even with its ridiculous volatility, is useful. I've been able to run a business that has sent Bitcoin worth well into the tens of thousands to several hundred people, with no regard to the recipients' locations, without having to support dozens of different banking routing systems, and without incurring any meaningful fees. This is an incredibly potent use case, and I don't see it going away in the foreseeable future, and it's made me quite eager to see the technology develop, but what I've been involved in doesn't quite map to 'currency', though it is a transfer of value. Indeed, I would guess the majority of people only kept a small amount of what they received in Bitcoin. I imagine this behaviour can be extrapolated for a long while, and so I think it's possible Bitcoin may continue to never be used as a proper currency, but while it's still valuable, it will still have use cases. I don't feel Bitcoin needs to take over as some 'global currency' to continue to exist; it will bore its own niche over time, especially with the advent of instant micropayments.
I don't see the hard supply cap ever getting the consensus to be lifted. At the point where there are serious demands for that, it will mean Bitcoin will have held value for a long, and to do so would be to compromise what it's shown to be good at.
I do see the possibility of other decentralized cryptocurrencies that do inflate, but use Bitcoin as a reserve, much in the way countries operate with gold and other metal reserves that partially back their currencies. I would also be more optimistic for these currencies' long term survival (on the scale of centuries/millennia) than state-backed currencies because I think there are several reasons to believe hyperinflation would be less likely to occur (if they remain decentralized).
@_date: 2018-05-03 20:24:55
I just learned about this pre-mine (or as they call it, a post-mine) from your post. Very disappointing.


100,000 coins - half a percent of the whole coin.
@_date: 2018-08-04 06:55:46
Everyone is dying.
He's 72 years old. If you look at him assuming he's 45 or 50, which is possible given his dyed hair, fitness, and tan, then yeah, he probably doesn't look great, but he looks very well for a guy in his 70s.
@_date: 2018-05-15 10:55:28
As kindly pointed out by anti09, people in this thread are conflating price inflation with monetary inflation. The context of 'inflation-proof money', even just 'inflation-proofing' itself, means that monetary inflation (the money supply is increased and weakens the purchasing power) is what should be considered, not price inflation (things are more expensive to buy, which monetary inflation contributes to).
@_date: 2018-05-15 10:47:04
Right, and while it would be reasonable to distinguish them in other cases, the context of this in a thread title containing 'inflation-proof money', it's clear people are referring to monetary inflation, because otherwise it doesn't make sense. 
If you googled inflation yourself, the first link states: 


@_date: 2018-05-18 04:02:53
I agree its usage here is ill-advised, and probably not correct. I believe the preceding clause has to make sense on its own. That said...


is a common guide for using a colon, so its usage is correct in spirit, if not technically.
@_date: 2018-05-15 10:54:21
As kindly pointed out by anti09, people in this thread are conflating price inflation with monetary inflation. The context of 'inflation-proof money', even just 'inflation-proofing' itself, means that monetary inflation (the money supply is increased and weakens the purchasing power) is what should be considered, not price inflation (things are more expensive to buy, which monetary inflation contributes to).
@_date: 2018-05-15 22:41:25


Because it means it will rise in value (in absolute but not necessarily relative terms) in response to inflation. The rise in value is considered good, and the general purpose of inflation-proof assets.  As a contrast, cash would hold the exact same absolute value, but its purchasing power has decreased. Note that while I believe it is a good thing, that doesn't mean it's some unwavering support for Bitcoin in general, just that in this case, cash equivalents are destined to decrease in predictable ways. You second question I don't understand - how could Bitcoin (or any commodity) be expected to control the inflation of whatever it's being priced in?




It's not semantic nitpicking -- when people refer to inflation-proof assets, they mean assets that will rise in value (in absolute terms) due to that inflation. Real estate value can fluctuate but it's considered by most as inflation resistant.
@_date: 2018-05-15 11:06:11
Apart from there evidently is a need, sure. Shouting that everyone is wrong is not very convincing.
@_date: 2018-06-06 18:30:20
Hick's Law applied to sales. 
Too many choices is a common way to lose sales, and vice versa. Think of iPhone's strategy vs Samsung Galaxy S5 Mini A4 Euro Form Factor or whatever when trying to decide on a phone. 
@_date: 2018-06-01 18:48:23
I agree, not every single transaction needs to be recorded and distributed everywhere, but right now there are no stable/tried-and-tested off-chain solutions.
@_date: 2018-06-01 19:46:40
I'm excited by the prospects of Bitcoin, but I would temper any schadenfreude over this.
VISA is the dominant payment processor in the UK (70% of transactions I believe), but its payment processing fulfills a purpose Bitcoin or any cryptocurrency is yet to meaningfully challenge. That is to say, in most places I cannot use Bitcoin to directly pay for something because it's not even supported.   
Furthermore, the transaction fee debacle last year could be considered an equal in severity failure of the network. It didn't fail in a technical sense, but it became temporarily unfeasible to use Bitcoin to transfer value under certain amounts, which in the eyes of many normal users is just as bad. This occurrence will probably be a good thing long-term, Segwit and batching are pushing the size of transactions down considerably now that users are being less careless, but ultimately a scaling solution, such as Lightning or Raiden (and others) on Ethereum, need to work and be tested to destruction before Bitcoin or any cryptocurrency can be competing toe-to-toe, before you can be in a position to have any high ground.
Centralised solutions are simple in concept, and so they definitely work pretty well for many people, as you can tell by looking at society in the western world. While they're not perfect, most of their drawbacks are not technical in nature such as the odd downtime like this, but in other areas, such as privacy and ultimately the relinquishing of control to individual entities. Cryptocurrencies, of course, have their own problems.
@_date: 2018-06-01 18:45:07
As a programmer, I feel honoured to receive the vote of confidence, but they most certainly do!
The majority of programming a person sits down to do is a manual process.
@_date: 2018-06-29 01:16:00


While you might have more nods of agreement in continental Europe, the UK is obsessed about property as a means of investment.
@_date: 2018-06-21 20:49:32
There are lots of checks that are made, but yes, that is one check.
However, the difficulty of mining (i.e. finding blocks) is based on what's ultimately a mathematical/cryptographic puzzle that must be brute-forced. If you can solve this/find the answer, then you get rewarded, as the block is valid for real, and there's no need to try to trick anyone. If you submit an answer which isn't correct, it's trivially obvious to check whether it's correct or not.
As an example, imagine a world where you can multiply, but you can't divide (this is similar to how cryptographic processes work -- they are one way). You have to figure out what number multiplies by 3254 to give 252,702,386. So what do you do? You just keep trying numbers till you get the right answer.  If someone says the answer is 2003, you can tell straight away that it's not correct by just multiplying: 3254x2003 gives 650,975 -- this does not get verified.
I hope this gives the general idea of where the difficulty comes from. It's a simplification, but I think it shows the main barrier to forging blocks.
@_date: 2018-06-01 19:34:12
I am aware of what you're referring to, but surely they can in no sense be considered tried-and-tested in comparison to VISA? As you say, they are in development and deploying 'now' or soon'. My wording deliberately excludes these. 
And that is honestly not to say I don't have belief in them, or am casting aspersions against other cryptocurrencies' projects, but as of this instance, VISA and its peers are necessities that cryptocurrencies cannot currently solve with confidence because 1. blockchains don't scale very well, and 2. the payment processing system (that VISA fulfills) can't be like-for-like replaced on a global level  without a great deal of risk, in a sphere where failures are close to fatal, because they are either brand new or in development. It will, at best, take time.
@_date: 2018-06-06 03:45:47
*Clicks profile*


  &gt;  r/btc
I see.
@_date: 2018-06-01 20:08:21
I think we're on the same page, ultimately.
I would add that I think all these factors interact with each other. Adoption of any cryptocurrency as an actual point of purchase currency will require both scalability and sense of stability/a lack of volatility, but, to use Bitcoin as an example, only the scalability can be realistically worked on, and if that problem is solved, the scalability argument stops interacting with the volatility, lessening it, as it removes a risk factor.


The way I see it, a known lack of scalability will hinder adoption rates. Network effects are notorious for creating positive feedback loops, leading to exponential growth, and I think this means that the problem has to be solved. If you are able to outpace the exponential growth of adoption at will anyway, as would be required, why not just solve the problem? If you can't assure that, then there is a risk.
@_date: 2018-06-01 13:17:48


IMO it's definitely risk-on. This might not always be the case, but right now it totally is, because it's a new asset class. Cryptocurrencies, even Bitcoin, are riskier than stocks (generally), no doubt about it. On the bright side, for those with money they are comfortable risking, it can mean a very good return when a low-risk pattern returns, like you see with stocks after economic downturns.
@_date: 2018-06-01 19:08:16
What solutions are you referring to?
Are you referring to non cryptocurrency/distributed-currency networks? Or Raiden?
@_date: 2018-03-31 23:42:57
It's hard to define 'under the radar'. I would consider Bitcoin to have went mainstream in 2013 due to the publicity, but now you consider that under the radar. It's all relative. In any case, people said the same in 2014 (and especially onwards, where it moved sidewards for a long while). As you said, we will see.
@_date: 2018-03-29 07:18:03




This argument applies to FOREX trading as well. It also applies to precious metals and other assets. 
You could have a cryptocurrency locked to another currency, e.g. USD, so you always 'have as much value as you invest in it', but that seems fairly pointless.


I don't think there's a good measure for what is or isn't slow progress, or if a disruptive like Bitcoin is the sort thing that you would expect to follow a linear growth pattern in terms of usage (I'd bet it isn't).
Also, maybe this is location specific, but you definitely have a 'buy' and 'sell' rate when converting currency, and the two prices are shown side-by-side (which is one way to see how much they're gouging you). I see no real difference. I've bought stock and buying bitcoin is much more similar to a currency exchange than the buying stock.
@_date: 2018-03-31 05:27:07
While the outlook till the end of 2018 based on their research is sidewards and downward, the overvaluation it refers to is effectively referring to its growth. It's not saying it's 3-4x the value that it will stabilise at forever. Otherwise the references to overvaluations in 2012, 2013 and 2013 are below the support level they suggest, and that does not make sense.
Would you say Bitcoin early 2014 ($750) was overvalued? Looking from 2015 you'd say yes ($250 - near the support level). From 2017 ($1100), you'd say no. 
It states it's 3-4x the support level (a point at which a 'stock' has difficulty falling below and is tested), and that the market is similar to that of early 2014 (post-Mt.Gox crash). Support is also context dependent, e.g. a support level in day-trading is wildly different from a support in terms of yearly outlook. Although it's not mentioned in this, resistance levels, which are the opposite, exist as well, but it's also not guaranteed we'll see them, e.g. previous ATHs are notorious resistance levels.
It's not a certainty the price will fall to that level, just that that is where it exists. The 2nd 2013 bubble did hit the support level, but the first did not.
You can take from their analysis of predictable bubble patterns that the price will go down, but then adherence to that pattern also implies it will bubble again. That's why linked to it.
@_date: 2018-03-31 05:37:26
I think there's a very good chance Britain will be made an example of, making leaving the EU a more unattractive proposition. If Britain somehow makes out better off in the long-term (which by all measures is seeming doubtful), then the EU will be more precarious.
@_date: 2018-03-21 04:23:57
I think it's important to have a clear definition and understanding of what a store of value is. Quite different assets can be stores of value, each having significant drawbacks. And incidentally, what qualifies as a store of value and what doesn't, is debatable -- both gold and money are not universally considered stores of value for various reasons (although for our purposes I'll ignore that). Realistically, any asset can be considered a store of value in the right circumstances, where there's demand.
The purpose of any store of value is risk management of wealth based on a stable supply and demand of an the underlying asset.
As an asset, Bitcoin's scarcity is well-known, and locked at 21m coins. Demand is the variable, and the driver of the price.
I would argue, contrary to iiJokerzace, that Bitcoin's age actually makes it somewhat ineligible to be considered a store of value (i.e. if I was a financial adviser I wouldn't consider it for recommendation) -- there is not enough evidence to say that it will have reasonable purchasing power in 100 years, while an asset like gold has a much better track record. This means that it may be a great store of value, but we just can't say yet. However, we can analyse the fundamentals of what makes other assets stores of value and apply them to Bitcoin.
There are not too many qualities to consider in what makes a good a store of value. I'll go through five:
Scarcity: This is fundamental --without scarcity, an asset is effectively worthless as a store of value. E.g. You can't use fresh air as a store of value, because there's so much it's impractical to acquire enough to get to the point you'd be willing to pay for it (although there is intrinsic value in it, I'm sure you'd agree).  Bitcoin's finite scarcity is 21,000,000. When fiat money undergoes hyperinflation, scarcity is what is being violated. Assets where it's difficult to define scarcity are often considered speculative assets.
One of the most desirable qualities is predictability in the future, which is what you're taking issue with, as predictability is a close analogue to volatility. Bitcoin's valuation exhibits a lot of volatility in the short term, but in the long term, as much as its short life has allowed, it has dramatically outperformed other stores of values -- it has accumulated value as well as storing. Without a long enough timeline, it's hard to comment on Bitcoin's long-term predictability, but its current valuation history is not a negative at all, and short term volatility is not really relevant (as a store of value -- which is long-term focused). Importantly, it hasn't shown much sign of depreciation, which is closely related. I also feel it's worth comparing gold's predictability via its value over time:  . 
Depreciation is an undesirable quality, but it doesn't preclude something from still being a store of value. All stores of value have a risk of depreciation. Fiat money is a good example of an almost certainly depreciating store of value. It decays a lot, but it does so predictably (a good quality), so it is still useful as a store of value in many situations. That said, you wouldn't want keep $100K in a bank account. 
Ease of exchange is important, to a degree. You can't effectively store value if you are unable to transfer it to others in exchange for something else (realising your value). Fiat money is very easy (though not perfect), given that that is its purpose. Gold is bad in this respect -- so little exists, and as such, small amounts have lots of purchasing power and are impractical to divide. A gram of gold is worth over forty dollars, so it is not very useful for buying milk. One of Bitcoin's unique properties is that its scarcity is in line with go-to options such as gold and real estate, but that it's also easy to exchange and easily divisible.
Durability is another aspect. Gold is very non-reactive, and so is a great choice as a store of value. Bitcoin is virtual, abstract, and so considering its durability is a different proposition. In some respects it's completely impervious to the usual problems, e.g. real estate will crumble to dust over time if not maintained. However, there are existential threats. E.g. Attacks on the network, losing/forgetting key, unprecedented mathematical breakthroughs, solar flares destroying Earth's electrical grids, etc. -- these are all hard to quantify, and the latter two mentioned would be catastrophic to life in general in that they'd destroy fiat money systems too, but they should be considered. 
Overall, in the five categories mentioned, I'd say that Bitcoin's fulfilment of the above qualities is:
Scarcity: Excellent 
Predictability: Unproven (but probably poor )
Depreciation: Unproven (but probably good)
Ease of exchange: Excellent
Durability: Medium
(FWIW, I'd say:
Gold: Excellent, Poor, Good, Terrible, Excellent
Fiat Money: Medium, Excellent, Terrible Excellent, Good
Real Estate: Excellent, Medium, Good, Very poor, Poor
Stocks: N/A, Poor, Very Good, Medium, Very Good
Cattle: Medium, Very Good, Terrible, Poor,
Beanie Babies: Poor, Very good, Good, Terrible, Very Poor )
The problem is, as you noticed, that predictability is tied to depreciation, or lack thereof. This is a bit of a chicken and egg problem to solve. Looking at gold's predictability (which is poor:  it suggests it's possible it might never be predictable, but people don't consider gold a poor store of value. Great predictability but poor depreciation (e.g. cash) is less desirable, to me at least. Real estate appears to be going through large cyclical bubbles. 
TL;DR: All stores of value are just wealth preservation vehicles that are chosen based on risk assessments. All of them have problems - gold, cash, bitcoin, real estate, cattle, etc. Any asset which is generally rising in value will never be truly predictable, it just doesn't make sense, but it doesn't mean it can't be a store of value.
@_date: 2018-03-29 02:46:52
As a currency, it obviously appeals to those of a libertarian nature, but I'd say on the left/right spectrum (which is poorly defined) is too broad-brush to be used to group Bitcoin believers into with any accuracy. 
However, anecdotally (and it could be generation bias), those on the left are more open to Bitcoin for too many reasons to mention. There's also appeal to those who could be grouped as on the right, who are usually a bit more conservative, because of its rather pure capitalistic nature.
Not considering it as a currency, and just in terms of people looking to make a quick buck, that could be anyone.
@_date: 2018-03-29 07:23:42
This question definitely comes under the umbrella of [begging the question](
Bitcoin's current price (which isn't necessarily the same as value) is higher than it's been for 99.1% of its life. It has definitely stored value quite well...
@_date: 2018-03-19 17:13:05
As a poker player, I still live in disbelief that that actually happened, but back then I was never really aware that gambling was already mostly outlawed in the US (save for Nevada and in some charitable scenarios, etc.). But it's worth remembering that this was only the US's problem. The rest of the world moved on, and those companies are still advertising everywhere. In fact, they're bigger than ever. Of course, something similar happening would still be devastating to the price.
@_date: 2018-07-12 20:20:42
In fairness, DVD seems to have beaten both.
@_date: 2018-07-07 04:21:25
I feel like I've walked into a giant sockpuppet ring. 
A guy bought Bitcoin? Well, OK... I guess. Not sure how it's being upvoted though. This is not newsworthy, surely.
He used **Bitp_y**? Really? No alarm bells are ringing?
FYI: Using the brand name in a subreddit related to a subject matter, is great SEO. One of the benefits of making this post.
@_date: 2018-03-31 09:34:55
Damn straight. Current price is higher than 99% of its existence. 
@_date: 2018-07-07 04:01:58
I agree, but it is possible that while the cycle as we know it stops, it could settle into a more traditional 'growth', like you see in real estate, or gold (due to the nature of its fixed supply).
@_date: 2018-07-07 04:26:03
I've apparently upvoted you whole bunch of times according to RES, so based on that, I will bite on good faith. 
What reason?
@_date: 2018-07-11 07:26:28
He's attempting to recover Bitcoin though. It's of passing interest to the community.
@_date: 2018-07-01 16:53:50
And even if he wanted to lose access to the amount of Bitcoin he had accumulated (the usual purported motivation), he could have destroyed them by sending them to an unusable address, instead of destroying his key. 
@_date: 2018-07-20 19:43:09
The absurdity of this amuses me, but if you are concerned that someone is going to acquire your typewriter ribbon to reconstruct your seed, then it is trivial to destroy the ribbon. Fire, shred, grind, etc.
@_date: 2018-07-07 03:51:56
I don't subscribe to it, but it's possible to think the cycle has ended. I can't think of any particularly obvious reasons off-hand, but if someone could make an argument that $19k was the peak, then, sure, it's not idiotic.
@_date: 2018-07-11 07:35:05
You provided a very good analogy.
I am not optimistic about the standard methods producing anything useful either, given two formats and continual usage, but, in theory, it may be possible.
One way of looking at it is from the opposite angle -- how far do people have to go to securely delete data?


@_date: 2018-07-04 01:30:20
I honestly don't care about his illegal firework selling, but if he was good, he'd probably not have been caught!
@_date: 2018-04-06 13:58:39
Increased frequency gets you closer to the average, but depending on how you get your btc, it could rack up more (flat) fees on exchanges the higher the frequency. (Bitcoin's fees itself are negligible at the moment, about a few cents, but might not always be the case.)
Most people I know do monthly -- it's easier to be disciplined about, but you do run higher risk of the price rising dramatically during the intervening weeks.
Basically, the more frequent the better, but take into consideration your buying platform's fees and if you can stick to the schedule (or get it automated). Fortnightly is a possibly a good compromise?
@_date: 2018-04-09 14:28:29
Did you read the comment?
@_date: 2018-04-01 12:53:49
They also made a sequel:
@_date: 2018-04-04 17:12:52
They certainly did! However, I can't remember when I first heard of Bitmain. I don't believe they were particularly prominent in 2013 (when they were founded, and before MtGox went under).
@_date: 2018-04-01 06:17:30
I was referring to McAfee the company (named after John McAfee), not the man himself. He's no longer associated with the Antivirus company in any way, as you can see on this youtube video of him giving guidance on how to uninstall it: 
I believe it's primarily due to McAfee being a US-based company, which means TunnelBear will start having to comply with US laws. i.e. You can no longer be sure of their status as cooperating. Many US VPNs are considered honeypots.
I'm no VPN expert, but that's about the gist of it I believe.
@_date: 2018-04-01 04:13:08
They were just acquired by McAfee, which many people consider problematic. I would look up the torrentfreak yearly reviews as suggested.
@_date: 2018-04-09 15:10:15
If you'd read it, you would have hopefully noticed that I said Bitcoin can't really be considered a store of value due to its age. But I then went on to look at it based on the qualities of known stores of value.
Simplifying definitions down to the point where they're no longer useful is not a solution to over-complication.
The definition you provided, while common, is notoriously vague. It passes the buck to 'predictably useful' -- what assets qualify as that? The very idea of predictability in a scarce asset's value, affects the price, in a recursive fashion. Using your definition, you could come to the conclusion that true stores of value don't exist, or that only depreciating ones (i.e. the predictable ones) do.
This is why I avoided actually delving into a definition and just considered the purpose: risk management of wealth.


So is it a bad store of value, or not a store of value at all anymore?
@_date: 2018-04-06 13:50:20
There's nothing wrong with him buying an amount he's comfortable with.
Seriously, it does no harm, the opposite in fact, and it baffles me to see people being discouraged from getting involved in Bitcoin on a Bitcoin subreddit. So what if his gains aren't go to be up to your standards? It's all relative.
Apart from the fact $1,000 is not negligible, you don't know how long he's going to keep doing this, or how where the value will be, and each variable gives you wildly different outcomes. He could do it for 3 years and it ends up at 10x, which would give $15,000, which when halved it to account for the averaging ends you up at $7500. It's all arbitrary.
@_date: 2018-04-09 13:37:19
What qualifies as a store of value isn't well defined. I've commented on this before so I'm gonna plagiarise myself, but quite different assets can be stores of value, each having significant drawbacks. What qualifies as a store of value and what doesn't, is debatable -- both gold and money are not universally considered stores of value for various reasons (although for our purposes I'll ignore that). Realistically, any asset can be considered a store of value in the right circumstances, where there's demand. 
The purpose of any store of value is risk management of wealth based on a stable supply and demand of an the underlying asset.
As an asset, Bitcoin's scarcity is well-known, and locked at 21m coins. Demand is the main variable, and the driver of the price.
I would argue that Bitcoin's age is actually what makes it somewhat ineligible to be considered a store of value (i.e. if I was a financial adviser I wouldn't consider it for recommendation) -- there is not enough evidence to say that it will have reasonable purchasing power in 100 years, while an asset like gold has a much better track record. This means that it may be a great store of value, but we just can't say yet. However, we can analyse the fundamentals of what makes other assets stores of value and apply them to Bitcoin.
There are not too many qualities to consider in what makes a good a store of value. I'll go through five:
Scarcity: This is fundamental --without scarcity, an asset is effectively worthless as a store of value. E.g. You can't use fresh air as a store of value, because there's so much it's impractical to acquire enough to get to the point you'd be willing to pay for it (although there is intrinsic value in it, I'm sure you'd agree). Bitcoin's finite scarcity is 21,000,000. When fiat money undergoes hyperinflation, scarcity is what is being violated. Assets where it's difficult to define scarcity are often considered speculative assets.
One of the most desirable qualities is predictability in the future, which is what you're taking issue with, as predictability is a close analogue to volatility. Bitcoin's valuation exhibits a lot of volatility in the short term, but in the long term, as much as its short life has allowed, it has dramatically outperformed other stores of values -- it has accumulated value as well as storing. Its volatility has also decreased over time, a trend that suggests it will one day be rare to drop or gain massive amounts in a day. Without a long enough timeline, it's hard to comment on Bitcoin's long-term predictability, but its current valuation history is not a negative at all, and short term volatility is not really relevant (as a store of value -- which is long-term focused). Importantly, it hasn't shown much sign of depreciation, which is closely related. I also feel it's worth comparing gold's predictability via its value over time:  .
Depreciation is an undesirable quality, but it doesn't preclude something from still being a store of value. All stores of value have a risk of depreciation. Fiat money is a good example of an almost certainly depreciating store of value. It decays a lot, but it does so predictably (a good quality), so it is still useful as a store of value in many situations. That said, you wouldn't want keep $100K in a bank account.
Ease of exchange is important, to a degree. You can't effectively store value if you are unable to transfer it to others in exchange for something else (realising your value). Fiat money is very easy (though not perfect), given that that is its purpose. Gold is bad in this respect -- so little exists, and as such, small amounts have lots of purchasing power and are impractical to divide. A gram of gold is worth over forty dollars, so it is not very useful for buying milk. One of Bitcoin's unique properties is that its scarcity is in line with go-to options such as gold and real estate, but that it's also easy to exchange and easily divisible.
Durability is another aspect. Gold is very non-reactive, and so is a great choice as a store of value. Bitcoin is virtual, abstract, and so considering its durability is a different proposition. In some respects it's completely impervious to the usual problems, e.g. real estate will crumble to dust over time if not maintained (though land has inherent value). However, there are existential threats. E.g. Attacks on the network, losing/forgetting key, unprecedented mathematical breakthroughs, solar flares destroying Earth's electrical grids, etc. -- these are all hard to quantify, and the latter two mentioned would be catastrophic to life in general in that they'd destroy fiat money systems too, but they should be considered.
Overall, in the five categories mentioned, I'd say that Bitcoin's fulfilment of the above qualities is: 
Scarcity: Excellent 
Predictability: Unproven (but probably poor ) 
Depreciation: Unproven (but probably good) 
Ease of exchange: Excellent 
Durability: Medium
Looking at gold's predictability (which is poor:  it suggests it's possible Bitcoin might never be predictable, but people don't consider gold a poor store of value. Great predictability but poor depreciation (e.g. cash) may be less desirable to some. Real estate appears to be going through large cyclical bubbles.
TL;DR: All stores of value are just wealth preservation vehicles that are chosen based on risk assessments. All of them have problems - gold, cash, bitcoin, real estate, cattle, etc.
@_date: 2018-04-06 19:07:36
You very eloquently summed up my thoughts. Reading Satoshi's writings, I'm certain at this point he was a one-man driving force, and I've never seen anything to really contradict that.
I recall one of the reasons the theory gained a bit of steam is the (sheer rumour?) that the NSA or some other three letter agency tried to deduce who he was and were considering that it was multiple people. Maybe a technical analysis could suggest that, e.g. VPN usage.
Szabo is a great candidate. There are extra reasons not mentioned to think it's him, but I don't really want to encourage further doxing of him. If it really was him, he's done an excellent job and it's probably worked out perfectly at this point -- he's in a position where he's basically 'got away with it' because there's no smoking gun, but he is given a good amount of credibility because of the possibility (which is not at all to say his own work lacks credibility - just that Bitcoin has taken on a life of its own).
I always feel guilty wondering about Satoshi's identity, because he was anonymous for a reason, and frankly, it's understandable he wouldn't want to bear the weight or be a figurehead.