@_author: vaporsizeme
@_date: 2013-11-25 17:53:42
Even if that's true right now, those numbers are not the industry standard for ATMs in a competitive market. Moreover, the vancouver ATM had a ton of free marketing behind it and the transaction costs the consumer a lot more than your standard ATMs.
However, upon doing more research I realize that Robocoin isn't in trying to capture the ATM market. They are just selling convenience, security, and privacy at a VERY high premium.
The convenience factor of Robocoin is amazing. I don't think there's any method of payment better than it at the moment, and compared to the other choices I'd probably pay a 10-15% royalty just to not have to worry about verifying my bank accounts/being scammed by scamgox, btc-russians and bitSCAMp.
So yeah, for now it's a really good idea and captures a market that never needed to exist before. But if we went by the industry standard in a crowded market, there's no way in hell that this current business model is scalable.
@_date: 2013-11-25 21:39:18
Arguably for now that's a good solution.
The program is now more widely spread by a .pdf.exe because Microsoft hides double extensions and people feel comfortable clicking on PDF files. However, this program could just as easily spread it by a .exe just if they wanted to.
This program is by far the most sophisticated malware I've ever seen (both in its distribution method and in its design.) I don't think the creators are idiots enough that they'd be willing to lose market share just because it's possible to block double extensions.
@_date: 2013-11-24 04:07:22
Private keys are generated by a computer and are encrypted very strongly. But yes, they are "theoretically" possible to steal/spoof and for the NSA to capture your bitcoins that are added to your wallet. Why the hell am I getting downvoted for answering this correctly?
@_date: 2013-11-25 21:13:47
yay my bitcoins are worth more now!
I love you so much!
@_date: 2013-11-24 03:52:57
@_date: 2013-11-25 22:40:48
They could start their own crypto currency and give it a guaranteed par value of $10 usd for each one spent.
After a few months, the currency will be fully adopted and the par value will probably be crushed once it becomes more deflationary...
Oh wait that's what America is going to do.
@_date: 2013-11-27 11:43:59
Altcoins are probably the biggest reason most analysts are comparing bitcoin to Tulip mania.
By saying they're not interesting/lack value, we're already seeing the formation of a bitcoin elitist society, where people are so heavily invested in it that they claim other cryptocurrencies are worthless.
It's interesting, because lack of utility and adoption when bitcoins started was the primary argument against it as well. Now that it's seeing small-scale adoption, people are calling it a valid currency and thinking it's the best thing ever (which it might be).
The truth is, if markets (most likely the druggie market) accept altcoins as a payment option over bitcoin, they'll be valuable. Possibly more valuable than bitcoin.
If they don't, they won't be. It's really that simple.
@_date: 2013-11-25 04:21:14
Revenue sharing and short warranties seem to be very standard in this business, but I think it should be closer to 90/10% until the cost is recouped, otherwise it's a huge risk... Especially when there's already such a huge investment by the buyer.
However, the Terms of Service is really sketchy. It looks like they just copy and pasted it from a video game and Robocoin only bothered to change the name of the company/program.
My Conclusion: Most likely the author of this just copy and pasted a terms of service from their favorite video game, and got a copy of a contract from another ATM company who had these terms and didn't bother to change them.
I'm not sure what that says about this company, but it's pretty standard for small businesses to have these ridiculous stupid errors and get overly criticized by it. I think if you give them a week or two, they'll probably redraft it.
Edit: Just to add to this post: most ATMs that charge a $3 transaction fee make ~$3,500 a year.
IF they take 50% of the revenue, it'll leave the operator with 1750. If they take another 1250, the operator gets $500. This assumes that your machine doesn't break down or anything.
As is, this is a really stupid investment and a complete waste of time.