@_author: varakari
@_date: 2017-12-12 16:14:26
Who exactly are you or the voters on this to give investment advice, to the point where rent payments can get involved?!
This comment's thread is outright disgusting. Someone says he's using a reasonable amount of money for upcoming living expenses, and gets a -32 downvote score for it? And "sound advice" how it should be used for speculative gains instead? What the hell?
If anything goes wrong with the Lightning rollout, BTC value will crash and burn as quickly as it came. BTC is completely overloaded in terms of transactions. Speculating on the upgrades working out is a very high risk investment, and pushing people into very high risk investments is not a morally sound thing to do.
@_date: 2017-12-01 13:03:48
It is scary that this has to be explained.
Have people who "invest" in BTC these days even read the message in the Genesis block? When more people see Bitcoin as a get-rich scheme than as a weapon against statist lunacy, doesn't it become rather credible that Bitcoin is in a bubble? What are the chances that the greedy horde will suddenly become enlightened when prices stop rising?
@_date: 2017-08-27 00:07:34
I know there was one &gt;1MB block, but that doesn't prove miners aren't willing to make more of them. It rather looks like users aren't requesting enough Segwit transactions.
Most blocks do have Segwit transactions, but less than 10. I doubt it's a fee problem; the mempool seems to be dropping rapidly right now. There's simply nobody around who is creating any decent Segwit tx volume.
@_date: 2017-08-25 20:16:13
Yes, but note that in the last days, the average Bitcoin block rate was closer to 4. As I write this, the estimate for the next BTC difficulty adjustment is -33%, which is extreme.
Though I doubt Bcash will keep this up. Their difficulty right now is just perfect for mayhem, at just 9% highter profit. Their next adjustment might not hit that well, or BCH price could fall; either of these improve things for Bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-08-26 22:23:25
Are you aware that the Bitcoin chain would have shut down for most of this week if miners had done that?
The BTC difficulty algorithm is not perfect, especially in combination with the block rewards being still big. Some sanity to not break the system in an instant, just because there's a little money in hashing games somewhere else, is a good thing.
Anyway, I thank the loyal miners who kept Bitcoin running. If you would have preferred if Bitcoin had broken down this week, you're probably on the wrong board here. Yes, we should get economic incentives in line, but that shouldn't mean we should prefer miners who'd join a program called "hash this instead for money, so Bitcoin stops!"
TBH, I wouldn't mind if miners would collude to orphan stupid things like empty blocks. 51%-attacks aren't only for bad guys.
@_date: 2017-08-26 23:47:29
How do you know that? The last BitFury block looks just like the others, and the amount of Segwit transactions is so low that most miners probably can't profitably build larger blocks.
@_date: 2017-08-26 22:07:34
Nonsense! The miners who went away to play block reward games on the *other chain that must not be named* caused the fee spike. All miners on BTC chain right now are mining perfectly full blocks! They are doing their best for all I can tell.
Also, are you using Segwit transactions? Otherwise, you're paying a premium and reducing block size. It's been such a long battle to enable Segwit, now it's time to use it! Get these updates rolling!
@_date: 2017-08-26 23:55:50
Maximum fun: their insane block speed eventually makes them hit reward halving, and the blockrate after EDAs doubles again.
Meanwhile, the screwup reduces price, and that makes it even faster... it could become interesting to see how quickly it can mine blocks without weird side-effects like lots of orphans.
I guess though that before it totally degenerates, some miner who doesn't switch will stop the fun.
@_date: 2017-08-25 20:02:50
Lightning is pretty close to trustless. Read up on it if you're interested; you can basically route a payment over people whom you don't trust because of certain blockchain contracts.
Even without Lightning, using a system that requires more trust for small transactions isn't much of an issue. Bitcoins safety should be used where needed, namely for the big, valuable transactions, not for the spammy ones that buy you a drink or chocolate bar. Or else, the blockchain would have to remember all that noise and would become very hard to handle. That's why fees shouldn't be too low, and why big blockers have a fundamental issue: their block size will never be enough to serve as cash; they'd be increasing it way, way beyond 8MB, and eventually, something might break.
@_date: 2017-08-25 15:06:58
This should be true now. Segwit transactions are now allowed and anyone using them should be able to pay significantly lower fees.
So get these updates rolling! The fee pressure is immense right now, due to a certain altcoin's inflation tricks to lure miners away. The sooner the Segwit transactions get going, the more expensive it will be to keep this mad attack up.
@_date: 2017-08-27 20:01:08
Segwit usage seems to be around 0.2%, up from about 0.1% yesterday. Unless you are using Segwit yourself, I doubt you're seeing any effect of it yet.
BTC currently has the hashpower that is often in BCH mining these days, it is Sunday, and Antpool mined full blocks (except for one). That together sent fees crashing.
@_date: 2017-08-26 22:36:01
Eeeeh, 10 sat/B? You do know the chain that must not be named is playing games with almost half of the hashpower right now, stalling legacy transactions up to 350 sat/B?
I don't know if your transaction already gets a discount, but 10 is really low under these circumstances. And since almost nobody is using Segwit yet, it's anyone's guess how far through the mempool we'll make it until the next EDA game drains hashpower again. You can try to be patient, but it'll take at least until tomorrow and I wouldn't guarantee anything.
@_date: 2017-08-26 23:45:30
Segwit can reduce your fees right away if you use it, and additionally reduces everyone's fees when many people use it. It doesn't do much if over 99% of transactions aren't using it, as is the case right now. Which is probably because many services and wallets haven't upgraded yet.
For all the crying about fees, it's surprising that Segwit seems to be on standby, with just enough transactions to show that it's operational. I would've expected at least some action from developers testing their implementations. But maybe we gotta give them a few more days to get started.
@_date: 2017-08-26 21:56:25
Do you know the transaction's weight? Or at least size? We can't judge that fee unless we know tx size.
Also, in about three hours, a huge amount of hashpower will hop onto the BTC chain, while the *(peep can't say the name)* chain prepares the next round of its weird game. Fees will probably drop a bit during the following 12h.
@_date: 2017-08-27 11:09:16
If wallet devs don't get started in the coming weeks, reminding them might be a good idea. Right now, there don't seem to be many other options.
A little something seems to be happening though. Over one in 1000 txs is Segwit now, which is still tiny but a notable upward trend in the last two days. There have also been three blocks over the old size limit in the last 24h. Maybe we're just a tad too impatient; it's the weekend after all.
Edit: BTW, fees are tiny right now. About 10% of yesterday's. If you need to consolidate, now is the time.
@_date: 2017-08-31 22:10:59
Their block text begins with `5^/NYA/`. Um?
Being ambiguous seems to be a sport now. Also funky: companies being on both the NYA and nosegwit2x lists at the same time.
Why can't at least some people come clean and seek consensus? Doubling or not, either would probably work out reasonably, but splitting in half and conjuring up a giant flamewar about it is a bad idea.
@_date: 2019-01-06 23:44:40
Without any doubt, the financial censorship debate is currently the most important development on the cryptocurrency front. I was expecting this to be on the top; why is there so little talk about it?
This is exactly what Bitcoin was made for. This is the one serious strength it has. This is a real chance for each cryptocurrency to win broad adoption.
Why isn't everyone focusing on this like crazy? We literally just had Jordan Peterson consider adopting cryptocurrency, but shying back mainly for usability issues. This is ultra-relevant. This project has been designed for a moment like this, and been waiting for a decade.
@_date: 2017-09-02 12:33:13
How so? Bank network transactions have roughly a complexity of O(number of users * log(number of banks)). This doesn't change as long as the number of banks you personally want for diversification is a constant.
Blockchain has O(nodes * transactions) just to manage and store transactions, and then there's additionally the miners that constantly burn value for a tradeoff between throughput, fees, and security against reorgs.
What fundamental cost should a banking network have that is this expensive? Transactions are basically just database entries, and trust building is almost always a one-time expense if done conservatively.
Quite the opposite, saying that a central ledger should be more efficient than a network that can marginalize its overhead is absurd. The blockchain is a single point of synchronization that naturally comes at a cost.
A politically sane world would not need Bitcoin. Bitcoin is useful because it helps to fight the destructive tendencies of those in power. That is a good reason to support it, but building an ideology on top is not very sensible.
@_date: 2017-09-03 12:41:41
Bitcoin's ledger has to be kept identical on all nodes. How is that less centralized than, say, a network of small banks?
You're assuming that banks must be extremely centralized, just because we have a legal framework that forces them to be this way. It's like those people who said hardly anyone needs computers, because they are too big. Actually, it's worse, because we already have the technology to make tiny banks right now, and it's only not happening because it's forbidden.
Seriously, what do you need for a bank?
* A trust-building mechanism with a few other nodes/banks (Can be a single person, or a game theory trick with some POW burning)
* A database that keeps track of trust levels, their usage, and active IOUs
* An algorithm/behavior that can route payments and doesn't incentivize breaches of trust
In other words: a raspberry pi and a reasonably smart program that can do some crypto and backup contracts. (Why use a datacenter when you can just put encrypted backups on your neighbor nodes?)
Am I missing something here? This is much, much smaller than a Bitcoin node.
@_date: 2017-09-03 12:13:12
Again, these are banks *in our political framework*. Technically, a bank is little more than a database with entries for trust and IOUs, plus some networking.
Of course the banks we see every day suck. This is obvious. But it doesn't tell us whether all possible banking networks must suck too. In the end, what do all these employees do?
* KYC/AML work that supposedly stops fraud and terrorism. In reality, it's not very efficient, and policing bottlenecks are usually elsewhere. In any case, these costs come from arbitrary political decisions.
* Legal games and licensing that keep the pockets of political cronies filled.
* Lawyer games that are mostly an illusory replacement for rational trust setup.
* Customer service and every little bank constantly reinventing the wheel in UIs and infrastructure. With reasonable protocol standards / open source nodes, most of this stuff would be totally superfluous.
* Weak competition due to a sparse network, caused by US institutions constantly cutting connections, often with arbitrary reasons like "One of your customers sold images of, *gasp*, naked people".
* Dependence on central banking, fiat money, and a bail-out printing press, again because of political games.
Just saying, none of this is essential to a banking network. IMO, banking at its core is a really neat system, but it has been buried under layers upon layers of bullshit. It is effectively a gigantic campaign of sabotage, funded by taxpayers.
We shouldn't forget that there is no law of nature that stops us from building a very wide network of mostly automated banking nodes. Such a system could for example be denominated in gold, so larger sums could use local vaults with direct ownership, while smaller transactions could be just IOUs that can be routed extremely cheaply. It's just databases; the throughput could easily be orders of magnitude above anything we've ever seen. And we could transition smoothly from the current banking system, since there is no requirement for a central point of synchronization. On the contrary, multiple banking systems can naturally adapt to become compatible, much unlike two blockchains, which have no obvious means of merging whatsoever.
@_date: 2017-09-02 12:42:38
Can you be a little more specific?
The whole issue I'm getting at is that "Bitcoin is our way out of the corrupt legacy system" is out of touch with reality. So everyone will just exchange their goods and services for Bitcoin, in broad daylight, and the corrupt system around them will just watch and make an exception this once? The lawmakers and lobbyists and cronies will just throw up their hands and strive for fairness?
There's a difference between advocating Bitcoin's strengths and building an ideology that makes ludicrous promises. Be careful when deciding who is out of touch with reality.
@_date: 2018-03-09 17:28:52
"The Gox hack"?
Please don't imply that Gox's insolvency was the work of some especially 3v1l 1337 haxx0r who suddenly emptied their accounts due to transaction malleability in late 2013. That is not even remotely what happened, an absurd excuse that does not fly in the overwhelming amount of evidence available now.
If you want to see an incredible history of deceit analyzed, search for Wizsec and Kim Nilsson's talk from the Breaking Bitcoin conference.
@_date: 2017-09-01 12:26:42
This kinda makes it worse. A hacker who is able to intercept packages in any way, including but not limited to working at a customs agency, will have this whole mess as cover while potential victims may think it's probably just a routine drug search.
Then again, to someone living in Mexico, this might still not be the biggest concern... from all I heard, in that country, batshit insane is somewhat normal.
@_date: 2017-09-02 00:09:29
Sorry to challenge your enthusiasm, but the world is about a lot more than a value unit, and while Bitcoin may be useful to fight the issues we have, it doesn't aim at the root of them. Even if we limit ourselves to finance, it's a way to mitigate symptoms rather than solve the problem. Remember that in theory, banks are more efficient than Bitcoin. Their network scales and adapts much better and has no arbitrary limitations. Only mankind's collective effort to sabotage the banking system gives Bitcoin a chance in the first place.
The finance sector's laws are created from voters' jealousy, irrational fears, greed, and shortsightedness. The banks we have are exactly what the political framework asked for. And it asked for something completely arbitrary and counterproductive. There is no scientific principle that requires banks to be huge, in bed with corrupt politicians, insanely complicated, and magically exempt from market mechanisms.
Bitcoin is a "solution" in the sense that bombs can be considered a solution to extremism. Better than nothing, but sanity is better still.