@_author: vardythegod
@_date: 2016-08-24 20:53:57
No one is saying the site itself is a scam, just that some of the people using it are shady. Specifically, the "earners", as a number of them are very likely using stolen credit cards, Paypal and Amazon accounts and use the site to convert the dirty stolen money into bitcoins.
The fact that Purse staff seem to ignore this and have taken no noticeable steps to prevent this from happening is what is putting me and a lot of other users off.
@_date: 2016-08-27 02:15:31
Why must someone be a shill if they disagree with you? I wouldn't even be considered a shill by definition. I have nothing to gain from Purse losing business. I am not running a competitor site and have never even mentioned one. As a matter of fact, everyone who HAS mentioned an alternative service has been heavily downvoted in this thread. 
The only person resembling a shill here is you, everyone else was just sharing their experiences while you are here defending the company though you claim you have no stake in it. Even the official employees and Purse account have not made as many posts as you.
@_date: 2016-08-24 18:36:30
I also tried to keep discounts 20% or under and still faced these problems so perhaps sometimes it's simply luck of the draw.
To my knowledge, Purse doesn't actively try to pair you up with different buyers based on your reputation as it's up to purchasers to choose who's order they want to fulfill.
@_date: 2016-08-25 09:19:32
Assumptions such as what? I'll believe Purse's statements when I see them actually taking action against fraud detection and prevention. So far, judging by all the disgruntled users in this thread and how unhappy everyone is with their current methods against fraud, I'd say they have a long way to go. Can you specifically name the work they are doing against fraud or crime on their site? There are tons of shady sites and "businesses" on the clearnet that blatantly break the law but they're not going to get shut down anytime soon either. 
@_date: 2016-08-24 15:11:35
I expected about as much, but about 4/5 posts and comments I've read in the past 6 months about Purse have been singing praises about it. I also really wanted to highlight the fact that the customer support/"moderators" are complete trash and will go to extraordinary lengths in order to hide the fact that a significant number of users are using stolen credit cards and laundering money.