@_author: vasterfar
@_date: 2014-12-05 06:58:18
Late to the party, but here's my attempt to transcribe this essay because it's a great essay and deserves to be read. A few parts are in parenthesis either because I couldn't decipher it or because it was cut off in the picture. Enjoy!
I believe the biggest technological advancement in my future will be bitcoin is a digital currency that is not backed by any company’s central bank or government
Bitcoin was mentioned in a paper in 2008 under the name Satoshi Nakamoto and realeased in 2009. Satoshi Nakamoto is the pseudonymous person or group of people (who) designed and created the original Bitcoin software. My dad, I, and the real person is Nick Szabo a cryprogrepler  (cryptographer?) known for digital currency, but no one can be sure.
Bitcoin has had price ranges from $90.00 to an all-time high of $1216.73. In 2010 Hanyecz Lozla Hanyee purchased a pizza for 10,000 bitcoins which now would be about $380,600. That’s an expensive (pizza?)
The government can’t track of tax it as much as they’d like. It’s a decentralized currency and my dad says that scares the government because they can’t control it. 
I don’t know everything about bitcoin but my dad teaches me what he can and I try to understand as much as I can. He has different wallets which he uses to save for my college, he has one for me to use – I asked for my allowance in bitcoins because I want my allowance to rise. And he has one he uses to tip people on reddit – his favorite social media site. It’s called change-tip and he says soon everyone will be using it to pay for goods and send money to friends, etc. as soon as I have enough. I want to tip my friends on Facebook like my dad does on reddit. He has fun and people seem to like it. 
In conclusion, Bitcoin is going to change the (world?)
Hopefully it will remain decentralized. Many retailers are already accepting Bitcoin making it seem more legit to people who don’t believe in it. So if you have any other questions or are interested in Bitcoin there is plenty of information you can find online. You can buy as little or as much as you want. And that’s what I think will be the biggest technological advancement in my future. My dream is to be a bitcoin Billionaire. Thank you!
Teacher comments: Incomplete, Unacceptable, Bitcoin is a Ponzi Scheme. If you want any credit you will need to re-write your speech on Ponzi schemes and how Bitcoin is included.
