@_author: vazma
@_date: 2017-09-02 09:32:48
Well I found that link:  
Seems that indeed there is at least a "temporary" cancellation, reading the comments at the moment to see the status.
@_date: 2017-09-02 09:37:16
Regards cancellation of DACA Meeting:
Main points from the articles
一场本应于9月2日召开的区块链盛会被有关部门（北京金融局）叫停。 = A convention on Sept 2nd has been halted by the Beijing Financial Department.
DACA is hosted by people from Wuhai (Inner Mongolia). Wuhai has been a big player in BTC mining since it started due to the rich coal resources in that area.
Article referenced Achain (who's creator was attending DACA) raised 21890.47BTC + 10436.34 ETH in 1 minute and 1 second.
The authorities studied a lot of whitepapers and consider 90% are purposefully misleading. They consider maybe only 1% are truly trying to raise funds for their business.
A lot of the people hosting ICOs are people who failed to start their own blockchain project in 2015.
Comparing ICO and IPO are pretty much the same and yet ICO do not undergo remotely the same scrutiny before it is offered to the public.
Personal interpretations:
Please don't confront Da for potentially not telling the truth and used personal reason for not attending. Even if he did use it as an excuse, it showed that he likely had some insider information and also in Chinese culture you just don't tell people "oh nah im not going because i heard the big daddy is getting angry". You just avoid the problem indirectly and give some room for everyone to save face. Who knows, it is also possible that he genuinely had personal reasons and was lucky to be not associated with the whole event. It's terrible to be considered the main face of an event that is halted by the Chinese government.
The fact that I have never heard of AChain and it raised such an astronomical amount of money demonstrates there is still a giant gap between the Western and Chinese communication in the blockchain world. 20k BTC raised in 1 minute is pretty fucked.
This changes nothing fundamentally for NEO. Remember this is specifically cracking down on ICO. Not blockchain technologies and not NEO. Let's not get too worried. If you want to play in the Chinese market, this is something that you must understand and get used to.
The state of dodgy ICOs is likely way worse in China than in the West. It has been a recent phenomenon where a lot of scams are occurring online in China and I have no doubt that it took the form of ICO scams as well. China has been going through an incredible rate of urbanisation for the past decade. There are millions upon millions of young people leaving their hometown going to the big cities trying to make it big. They have nothing but they dream everything. It is these people that are being the easy targets recently.
In fact, Red Pulse did the BEST decision they possibly could now looking in hindsight. Honestly, well done for the team. You just don't know what the exact rules are going to be so why risk it? They will likely raise enough money from everyone else anyway. I am sure future ICO's will comply to whatever regulations are put in place and I have a hunge that NEO will not let any dodgy ICO's go on their platform. This is a benefit of a more centralised blockchain. NEO literally is the middle between the Chinese government and the ultra libertarian blockchain technology.
THIS IS FROM REDDIT MEMBER: NEO5EVA
@_date: 2017-09-02 09:28:39
Can you please give us at least a link which proves all that?