@_author: vcentea
@_date: 2018-12-09 15:06:11
yes i agree on a second look was not so well put into words.
I was thinking of the two paradigms: one is you try to get into the speculation without getting much involved in the inner economy of the blockchain and some others that were involved in crypto economy hands on. In my view actually the second category, the ones which were involved from the start accidentally got a free lunch ticket, they never intended to speculate, they were mining for fun and they were using crypto to pay each other without concern of value against FIAT. When speculators came into the game looking for the free meal ticket, mining became expensive and prices went up and started to be volatile and became just another market place but not regulated. ICOs exploited this free ticket story but in reality just the people issuing the ICO and the investors close to them from inner circle really got a "free ticket" but was actually not free because it involved a lot of work and a marketing plan and a lot of other things. They planned to make the whole ICO and worked a lot on it. The early Bitcoin situation of the ocasional enthusiasts was once in a lifetime. And now we have to focus on organic growth, which involves more than HODLand will bring growth and value but over many years if the economy of cryto starts working. 
@_date: 2018-12-09 15:17:20
Are you thinking of a Lightning network node or bitcoin ?
@_date: 2018-12-08 19:08:57
Very interesting. I think you have a very good approach and you are among the ones which are actively involving themselves in the public blockchains economy. In your circle of friends did you convinced in the last year anyone to enter into crypto in one way or another? 
@_date: 2018-12-08 10:54:11
Hello, It's the same thing Revolut does or eToro does, and most people from the crypto community (including myself) do not find very useful. 
They do buy Bircoin and keep it in a cold wallet. (at least revolut i know they say they do - their CEO said in an interview) In most cases they buy over the counter from Bitstamp or Coinbase or Bitflyer or similar big exhanges possible regulated ones.
I personally think this is not enough... for you how would ideally look something that you would use every day? (we are working on a project and I am very curious how community would like to have it... all the management of digital assets in an ideal case) 
@_date: 2018-12-04 08:53:40
Beautiful personal story. Stories like this might help the adoption. Also examples of people using Bitcoins, using this technology. This will drive adoption. If we will not start paying salaries in crypto and buy products and services in crypto I see little chance of lifting of the ground. If you see Bitcoin as a transaction settlement layer... it must be used as such, many many times, by many many people. And there are a lot of guys, who got involved and build things like lightning or liquid to help bitcoin scale. 
Promote the tech, with real stories, and with real use cases.... and most importantly, by example.
PS: I work on my own project related to crypto, but i will not disclose it hear because this thread is not for advertising. Just mentioned it to be clear i am not a hypocrite  
@_date: 2018-12-09 15:16:04
Yes in order people to adopt bitcoin or other crypto there must be a clear advantage for the users, beside speculation. To me it's the speed of payments, the fact that is global by default and the payments are much cheaper than visa/sepa/swift and so on. For SMEs would be also interesting securitization posibilities (obviously if that will be finally regulated... aka ICOs). And of course other application for bigger enterprises like supply chain and such,..
@_date: 2018-12-08 18:15:20
So you think in terms of education for the people that are not yet crypto enthusiasts. 
Also you say that would be the best if we would start using more Bitcoin as money (as exchange token for goods and services)
And for the people that are already active in this space? 
@_date: 2018-12-03 18:08:08
This is the real beauty about public blockchains, how they re-adjust themselves... best "game economy" to date. 