@_author: vdoel
@_date: 2017-08-23 17:50:20
High risk?  Yes. 
Any attempt at structure or systems being close to impossible?  No.
It's possible to assess fundamentals, and the longer the time horizon, the more the fundamentals show through the noise.  Buy low and hodl.
@_date: 2017-08-23 20:27:22
Imagine that a major mining chip producer, and miners depending on it, were ordered and financed by the Chinese government to direct all of their chip production capacity and hash power to mining a forked chain that only created empty blocks or censored blocks (e.g. blocked transactions from central government blacklisted UTXOs to fight "terrorism" / vice / political dissent).  If that chain built up the highest cumulative difficulty, would you really think of that forked chain as "the Real Bitcoin" just based on that?
@_date: 2017-08-23 17:35:34
The freedom afforded by cryptocurrency is great.  However network effects, safety and branding power are very real and important factors to take into account for anyone with resources on the line, especially other people's resources.
To make choices or plan for the future, it is important to have a way to cut through noise and objectively measure which chain has the best long term prospects of maintaining the most valuable brand, most skilled development progress, most stringent security assurance, and most powerful network effects.
@_date: 2017-05-17 15:38:34
Could there be an even cheaper way for miners to drive up the fee market, which would be to rebroadcast other people's high fee, old, expiring transactions, and constantly keep them stuck in the mempool past the 2 week point?  
Wouldn't preventing other people's valid high fee unconfirmed transactions from expiring - by rebroadcasting them as soon as they began aging out of the mempool - not even cost the miners any fees of their own to do, and thus basically be free / actually keep driving fees up and earn miners more?
@_date: 2017-05-17 15:30:41
But the real fee paying transactions might have to pay a higher fee so the overall miner fee income might not be reduced.
@_date: 2017-05-18 15:25:20


Unconfirmed unexpiring transactions returnable to mempool for unknown lengths of time means unspendable UTXOs for unknown lengths of time?  UTXOs unspendable for unknown lengths of time seem like a problem?
Higher fees mean escalating value gets locked in economically unspendable UTXOs?  Escalating value locked in economically unspendable UTXOs seems like a problem?
@_date: 2017-05-18 17:08:29
CPFP adds yet more transactions to the mempool at higher fees.  Mempool gets bigger not smaller.  More transactions stuck unconfirmed.  Positive feedback loop equals volatile spiking fees!
By the way I support core team, small blocks and layer 2 scaling.
@_date: 2017-05-19 17:38:16
But it's not just his use case.  His UTXO itself is stranded and unspendable.  It will not be long before all &lt;0.01 BTC UTXO will be economically unspendable.  This seems like a problem to me.
@_date: 2017-05-15 23:52:20
Informative chart!  Right now it seems as though spending outputs of less than 1 mBTC is already uneconomic in practical terms, since the fee would be at least comparable to the value sent.  If so, it seems there's a cumulative amount of almost 6000 BTC held in such outputs.  
That's a negligible fraction of the total Bitcoin supply, but it could be a meaningful portion of Bitcoin users. Bitcoin users who couldn't spend their funds might just give up on using Bitcoin; so it seems pretty important to get Segwit in place soon to avoid a shrinking userbase.
For every order of magnitude increase in the fee, it seems the cumulative value of the economically unspendable outputs rises by almost a similar factor.  So if fees continued rising on their current path, this would actually start to shrink the overall liquid supply of BTC in the foreseeable future, and the circulation of BTC freezing up and/or moving to centralized services seems like a very real possible outcome if decentralized 2nd layer scaling is not put in place quickly enough.
@_date: 2017-05-15 18:34:39
Good to know.  So it sounds like an effective response to an acute rebroadcasting attack would be for major recipients such as exchanges, payment processors, etc., to carry out automatic CPFP for stuck transactions where the amount being sent is &gt;&gt; the fee, to push them through.  That would probably clear out enough of the mempool to defeat the attack, and raise fees enough to rebalance new transaction demand vs. block capacity.
@_date: 2017-05-18 05:25:18
Masterful knowledge of the technical behavior of bitcoin nodes is not enough to predict the behavior of the whole system, because human beings are part of the system.  I wonder if you are missing the potential inelastic response function of human Bitcoin users unexpectedly stuck with indefinitely trapped funds, who may get alarmed and be emotionally driven to rescue their Bitcoin at the cost of "irrationally" high fees.  Based on this human, non algorithmic phenomenon, I still suspect the danger of an uncontrolled positive rising fee feedback loop that could suddenly kick in past a certain sustained transaction demand threshold, making fees unstable and prone to periodically spiking to very high non-equilibrium levels.
Most Bitcoin users have been used to dependable transaction confirmation, so long as they paid a higher than average fee.  In the worst case there were reliable periods during daily or weekly cycles when transaction demand eased enough to clear out most of the non-spam mempool.  This seems to have stopped being the case just recently and very different behavior could occur now.
Large numbers of users paying what looks like a higher than average fee for fast confirmation, may now start experience a "mass transaction stranding" type of event during intervals when fees rise even further due to e.g. a slow block.  With transaction demand not letting up, those users would have no reason for certainty that fees would fall back on any predictable timescale to free their funds.
Many of those "stranded" users could become alarmed at the prospect that their funds could end up trapped in limbo for two weeks or longer, and may of them might start issuing new CPFP transactions to free their trapped funds.  This would in turn layer fresh added transaction demand onto the mempool at yet higher fee levels, displacing additional people into a similar scenario.  Self-sustaining positive feedback could drive fees upward in a spiking manner, followed by eventual plunges due to collapsing transaction demand.  The fee flapping behavior could cause many users to give up on Bitcoin altogether, due to inability to meaningfully predict transaction outcomes / timeframes / fee levels.  
I hope this type of fee spiking does not happen.  Maybe the fee estimation algorithms and mempool management algorithms are adaptive enough to keep everything orderly under high stress high transaction loads and alarmed human behavior, but I think it is a real risk that may be underappreciated.
@_date: 2017-05-16 01:54:10
Hmm, ever increasing dust buildup seems like a significant problem then!  New dust is always being generated by transactions, and more and more outputs sink into the dust category as fees rise, and layer 2 solutions don't address the problem, then one has to conclude that always growing pool of bitcoin value will inevitably fall into this unrecoverable state.
Is it technically possible to apply a super high discount factor for transactions that reduce the UTXO?  Could consensus requirements ever allow the unspendable UTXO to get pruned, or burned in order to get equivalent coins on a new sidechain?
Guess instead of speculating, I'd do better to read up on the existing ideas core developers and other brilliant computer scientists have discussed to address this issue.
@_date: 2017-05-17 12:39:47
Wow, first of all thanks for the reply!  And thank you for your contributions and the core teams' work getting Bitcoin to work as well as it does (people don't realize how remarkable it is that Bitcoin actually works).
 I haven't seen many other cases where people contributed as much demonstrable skill, for so little immediate self-benefit, on behalf of the benefit of so many others, and gotten such a skewed ratio of criticism vs praise in return.
I know enough to know that nodes don't suffer from having a full memoool, so the use of the word clogged is language that doesn't add technical meaning.  But my understanding of the Bitcoin protocol is that if the fees are not falling, the old transactions at slightly lower (but still substantial) fees can be kept in the mempool - and outputs used in a transaction in the memool can't be spent again until the original transaction ages out?
I guess the key worry is, could an rebroadcasting attacker use rising fees to keep hundreds of millions of dollars worth of Bitcoin outputs effectively unspendable for unpredictable periods of time?
Perpetually rebroadcasting old higher fee but unconfirmed/expiring transactions wouldn't keep Bitcoin from working overall. But it seems it could drive fees up faster / further than they would otherwise rise, due to requiring CPFP or RBF to "unlock" the funds; and in the meantime would make affected outputs unavailable and "held hostage"?  
Plus if everyone used automated CPFP for stuck transactions, then past a certain level of stuck transactions, would seem to further grow the high fee mempool due to new transactions added to old transactions - and could temporarily make the situation self-perpetuating / self escalating until fees for driven up to exceeding levels.  Eventually fees would rise to the point where new transaction demand rebalanced but my concern is that the equilibrium could temporarily be pushed far higher than otherwise by a cheap third party mass rebroadcasting "attack".  And a lot of users with stuck funds would abandon Bitcoin for alt coins or go back to the old financial system.
Also what is the solution for higher fees making more 
and more outputs economic dust?  Soon 0.01 BTC outputs might not be worth spending. Would something like physical off chain transfer with OpenDime step in?  Is there a trustless coding based equivalent of transferring control of economically unspendable outputs outside of the Bitcoin chain without needing to spend them on the Bitcoin chain?
@_date: 2017-05-15 16:03:29
Yes, it definitely seems that a lot of people using older wallets will need to update to newer wallet software.  The concern is that the funds older wallet users originally tried to send would still be effectively frozen / unable to be spent for unknown periods of time (even though they might learn their lesson and upgrade to newer wallet software after the fact).  
True, if fees keep being driven up, eventually, the fee for their transaction would be low enough versus other prevailing fees in the mempool, that it would fall out of the bottom of the mempool fee ranking and their particular funds would be freed up.  But wouldn't that just imply a higher fee layer of "locked up" unconfirmed bitcoin transactions would need to displace it?
In other words, it seems like so long as blocks are full and demand for Bitcoin transactions exceeds supply of block space, then for very little expenditure, an "attacker" could continually tie up thousands of bitcoins, maybe tens of thousands, putting those funds into indefinite limbo, all while forcing Bitcoin fees for the whole market higher and higher by always replacing an ever rising floor of frozen, unconfirmed, outdated but not expiring transactions back into the mempool.
I am not a technical person, and most likely I am missing some of the finer complexities of how the node ecosystem works that would prevent this from happening.  I'm making the post to get a better understanding of how the system would respond to such an attack, and therefore to learn more about how the Bitcoin ecosystem functions overall, and what the self-regulating feedback mechanisms are that allow the system to come back into equilibrium.  
So far, it seems like the pressure valve for higher Bitcoin fees is having users switch over to altcoins, or non-decentralized distributed ledgers, until Bitcoin usage demand comes back into balance with capacity - but that can't go on for too long without Bitcoin losing its lead in terms of network effects and it's original vision failing.
@_date: 2017-05-17 04:21:37
Is a rebroadcasting attack possible that would prevent old transactions from expiring for long, unpredictable periods of time, thus locking up and holding ransom hundreds of millions of dollars worth of Bitcoin?
In other words, during a period of escalating fees, couldn't an attacker harvest other people's old, relatively high fee / yet unconfirmed transactions, monitor whether they were present in a random selection of full nodes' mempools, and when the transactions dropped out due to age, rebroadcast them practically for free and reinsert them into many nodes' mempools again?
During times of escalating fees, it seems like many many attempted transactions get stuck at what were previously normal fee rates, and many of those users choose to wait until the transaction expires from the mempool before the funds are available to spend again.
Under such conditions, wouldn't a rebroadcasting attack be able to keep the associated outputs in limbo / unspendable for an upredictable period of time?   Wouldn't such an attack permanently keep the average node's mempool clogged with old, yet relatively high fee transactions, and put a permanently increasing floor under the prevailing Bitcoin fee level (so long as new high value Bitcoin transaction demand continued coming in faster than 3 transactions per second)?
I am non technical, and don't know the ins and outs of how nodes handle the mempool.  However it seems to me that unless either A) nodes can somehow detect and reject rebroadcast transactions from the mempool past a certain time after they were first received, or B) Bitcoin transactions incorporate a built in expiration block height, then fees would tend to rise faster than if the old transactions were left to expire.  Then, as fees rose, more fresh unconfirmed high but slightly lower fee tier transactions would be available to keep rebroadcasting and frozen; so it seems to me that such an attack could put lengthy self-sustaining upward pressure on prevailing fees by e.g. exploiting the properties of some wallets' fee estimation algorithms etc.
I tried to understand this at  You are probably too busy to reply, but if not, please let me know what I'm missing?  Does automated CPFP adequately dissipate this kind of attack?  I have doubts because if everyone tries to do this with old outputs, it means creating yet more, higher fee transaction demand, and the overall mempool would get even bigger before it got smaller.
@_date: 2017-05-19 01:21:56
I agree, on its own the mempool doesn't matter.  Large numbers of UTXOs becoming unspendable for unknown periods of time, potentially &gt;2 weeks, matters.  If all the people with the UTXOs try to free up their funds, it sends fees spiking.
I am not saying this to promote increasing layer 1 block size (other than Segwit).   Because with a block size increase, the problem would only reappear after a short period of time.  
However, the potential for transactions to effectively never expire once broadcast but unconfirmed, seems like a really serious problem.  Either the politics has prevented people from openmindedly considering the out of control implications of queuing theory + transaction demand exceeding block space + never expiring transactions, or more likely, I must be missing something.
@_date: 2017-06-26 16:48:40
This sounds like a disaster.  I hate to assume bad motives, but the level of ignorance required to proceed with running Segwit2x code which forces a hard fork in a few months seems too severe to credit for anyone with good intentions for Bitcoin.
I am interested to see how this plays out, but if there is no clever way devised to postpone the hard fork, my operating assumption switches to the prospect that certain state actors recognize how threatening Bitcoin is to their levers of power, are compelling companies to act against their own self interest, and intend to use a contentious fork as a way of buying time and pushing ersatz substitutes to their populace.
@_date: 2017-06-26 16:38:23
Hmm, if it really is true that the major economic nodes believe they would be playing the moderator role to avoid a contentious fork, by following through with an agreement that leads directly to a contentious fork, then we really are going to see two irreconcilable Bitcoin chains and things are worse than I thought.
The technical arguments in favor of allowing both on chain and off chain scaling may be defensible, but the benefits will only be realized if this decision is made through a sound process - one that brings together all important players and involves thorough testing and code review by as many high level developers as possible, and implementation preparedness by substantially ALL exchanges, wallet providers, and other economically meaningful Bitcoin network participants.  That type of process would obviously require many months at a minimum and a lot more consensus building.  Whatever view one has of the technical merits, the Segwit2x process is blatantly unsound.
There are thousands of nodes that actively participate in the Bitcoin network and issue / receive transactions.  There are dozens of miners.  There is zero chance of avoiding a contentious hard fork without a lengthy and open consensus building process that would yield agreement among almost all participants to update their code to the hard fork code.  A three month time frame for a hard fork that lacks uniform support WILL result in a disruptive outcome.
It is usually a bad idea to assume negative ulterior motives to either side of a debate, such as economic interests driving developers that should be driven by non-economic considerations, or non-economic considerations driving miners that should be following economic self-interest.  However, given that a contentious hard fork will damage the value of all branches of Bitcoin, as well as the value of any second layers built on top of any of the branches, one has to attribute the motives behind such an outcome to non-economic considerations, which we would expect of developers, but not of miners.