@_author: vectorpush
@_date: 2014-01-04 20:47:16
This would be simple. Netflix generates a wallet for you when you sign up for bitcoin payment. You send as much bitcoin as you want to the wallet (and vice versa), each month netflix' servers automatically move the appropriate amount of btc from your netflix-account-wallet into their netflix-money-pile-wallet. The best part is no banks or middle-men involved, it's simply an electronic payment between two private parties. 
@_date: 2014-01-07 18:00:01
What GreenFox says is true, but to add some more detail, it is common for professional Linux users (like programmers, sysadmins, scientists etc), to spend most of their time in the terminal where all executable files are clearly labeled, regardless of extension.  For example, in gnome terminal, executable files are usually labeled in green, even if .txt is appended to the end.
On Windows (and other Desktop Environments), extensions are useful because they tell the DE which binary to execute to properly understand the format of the file, thus, you can have a seamless double click to content experience. In the linux terminal, things are much more explicit. Where in Windows you might double click password.txt, which automatically executes the notepad application and reads password.txt, in the linux terminal you'd type the equivalent of "notepad password.txt", which would launch notepad and load the file. For a Windows user, it would be like launching notepad and then opening the password.txt from the File menu, except, terminal users do this for all files and applications. Obviously, this is not convenient in a DE, but in the terminal it works beautifully.
@_date: 2014-03-08 21:36:00
Interesting idea, I like the competitive aspect. I dig your design though I'm more of a Foundation man, myself. 
Also, you need more info about exactly what bitcoin is, most of your recipients are going to be like "oh yeah, bitcoin, that thing that keeps getting hacked or stolen or something", save them the trouble of googling. 
Finally, I agree with the poster below who says send a once a month summary. These people are busy, and a daily e-mail is just going to annoy them. Most companies can't even address their own agendas with daily granularity much less embracing something they don't even understand. A month to month e-mail doesn't trigger the "ignore or filter this because it comes every day" reflex, while also allowing you to form a critical mass of consumer's between each e-mail, making the impact appear more pronounced with each e-mail (rather than a slow and steady build up).
Good luck.
@_date: 2014-01-04 21:00:38
Great post, I can tell a lot of careful thought went into your answers, I appreciate the time spent.