@_author: vegetoe01
@_date: 2018-03-29 10:38:49
It’s interesting how Capitalism thrives and benefits the majority in democratic counties but no let’s blame Capitalism for all the evils in the world. Let’s ignore the corrupt governments, civil wars, war lords, drug cartels, modern day slavery that goes in these 3rd world countries. Let’s ignore the factory workers alternatives of starvation and extreme poverty in these large factories producing for the western world. Capitalism is by no means perfect but it’s extended our life expectancy drastically in the last 100 Years through funding technical and medical innovation. 
@_date: 2018-03-29 12:18:28
The west is bringing wealth and business to these countries where it did not exist before. You realise before industrialisation the only form of income was rural farming for many of these regions. These jobs are benefiting the local population immensely with industry, wages and facilities such as schools and hospitals. The issue is they’re a few decades behind the western world in development so we look down with empathy ignoring how things were before. Take a step back and look at the bigger picture. Capitalism is improving these 3rd world countries. Give it another few decades and their quality of life will have improved drastically alongside their life expectancy. However this all requires a democratic society to function. 
@_date: 2018-03-29 17:32:17
I’ve never implied this, you’ve taken words out of context to try and dehumanise me because you’re offended by the term ‘Third world’.  The dictionaries literal definition of Third world is  ‘developing nations from Asia, Africa and Latin America’ which is what we’re discussing. Resorting to personal insults rather than disputing the facts detracts from the discussion. 
@_date: 2018-03-29 17:59:26
Look up personal disposable income over the last 100 years in the US and you'll see how vastly it's increased above inflation. Then compare average life expectancy from capitalist countries to non capitalist countries and again you'll see that the capitalist countries are living far longer because of their higher quality of life thanks to access to better medical care and standard of living...Thanks to capitalism. Yes I agree things could always be better and we continually push to improve the system since it's not perfect however it's far better than the alternatives which have continually failed. 
