@_author: vendiaphrams
@_date: 2019-05-14 22:24:52
If you have 10k to play with then bitcoin looks like the ticket to wealth.
I mean worse case you lose 10k.
If your buffet, and your playing with 100 bln dollars. Or even 10M.. It makes no sense to gamble it on bitcoin and all the sense in the world to just invest it into safe 5-10% growth COMPANIES.
The best part is if bitcoin suceeds and replaces cash... The company isnt going to die.. Its going to still retuen 5-10%.
The company (the stock index) is going to have a near 100% chance of returning 5-10% per year for the next 100 years.
Thats a 13780x profit. Near gaurenteed.
Its that vs the 50% coinflip that btc will go to $1M per coin. 125x... A mere fraction of the 13780x that 10% compounded for 100 years generates.
The stock index is a no brainer over the long term.
Ofcourse you or I wont live 100 years to reap this 13,000x bounty... But Berkshire will, and that thing is filled with trust kiddies funds that will support their families for generations.
Ie. Buffet is 100% right not to invest in btc.
If you think bitcoin is the secret club to riches and you have secret knowledge/understanding about blockchain that others dont... Wait till you sit down and do the math on compound interest after the elbow of the curve.
@_date: 2019-05-15 13:13:59
Say the stock I'm refering to is VTSAX. It's an indexed fund that automatically purchases almost every stock in America. Always. Every year. No matter what. Some of them go to 0. Some of them go up 10,000% like apple. The beauty of this is.. One day apple will fail. Microsoft will fail, and walmart will fail. But you know what? You'd already have significant holdings in the competitors that dethroned them.
It's this.. 'buy the whole market' approach that can and has returned consistently 7-10%. (depending on inflation), and can do so for decades, possibly even centuries.
You're still looking at stock like you'd look at bitcoin. Basically the only worth bitcoin has is that you hope to sell it to someone else for more than you bought it with or Maybe you want to buy Pizza with it. (Haha... We all know THAT story.. Would you ever seriously consider this before bitcoin hits $1M USD each.. No? Then accept it. You're holding it for capital gains. That's it.)
The stocks return isn't just the sell price divide the buy price. It's also the compounding dividend returns, Over the long run this can be very significant, especially as they are re-invested.
 When you buy a stock what you're essentially buying is a small fraction of the labour efforts and productive efforts of every person in that company. When you buy walmart stock every single employee wakes up early gets out of bed, showers, fights through traffic, puts shit on shelves for 8 hours and then goes home... to make you slightly wealthier. That's the true benefit of stock ownership. Not that you can offload it to a bigger idiot later on for more money.
I can see that you still don't see the magic sauce behind compounding returns over long periods of time. Bitcoin is big and shiny, I get it. Whoa, you made 10,000% in 8 years of forgetting you held the coin. Perhaps you made 100k by buying at $1k and now it's 8k. This is all well and good.
But say you were an actual investor with a career in making money, as opposed to someone who just bought something for the prime reason of "It's going up, and Il'l sell it for 10x profit".
In that case you're not just managing your own meager savings of likely sub 100k wealth. You're managing a multi-million dollar account holding people's pension savings that they trust you to make a return on to put food in their mouths during retirement. You can't gamble in that case. (And that's what BTC is, it's a gamble).
The stock market is NOT a gamble in the same way. By buying the index you are making this single simple bet: "Humanity will continue to be productive into the future". 
For making that bet and holding it.. you are rewarded with on average 7% per year after inflation as long as you hold that bet. But lets face it.. if you lose that bet, money is no longer your concern. The world is collapsing and you need to horde bullets and water not dollars or even crypto.
This is why people wealthier than you or I ever will be, wear suits, and manage capital in company stocks and bonds... Not Crypto. It's not because their old and they don't understand it. It's not because they are slaves to some fiat demon. It's simply because the stock market in the longer run is a better risk adjusted bet. In the long run you'd make more money buying stocks than buying bitcoin on a long enough time frame.. every. single. time.
I say this as someone that bought Ethereum at $2 because I wanted to develop smart contracts for a project back in 2015. I still have that Ethereum to this day, and it makes up 30-35% of my portfolio. (The rest being stocks and bonds).
I don't for a MOMENT think that it will in the long run out-pace stocks and bonds. Just I'm waiting for the stocks to drop more, and the price on Ethereum to frenzy like in 2018 so I can sell it... and buy stocks/bonds... Because I know in the long run even if BTC goes to $1M per coin. By the time I'm 60.. my stocks would have returned FAR higher, with less risk.
@_date: 2019-05-14 22:16:59
Theres one thing people are missing here.
Buffet doesnt invest in bitcoin because buffet doesnt invest in gold.
Buffets whole shit is based on income earning assets. Stocks, farmland, slaves it doesnt matter.
Bitcoin doesnt earn income. The main reason you want to buy bitcoin is to sell it to someone else more expensive.
This is the number one reason buffet doesnt own bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-05-15 08:06:15
Well thats the difference i guess. If Warren buffet was a billionaire he would spend time evaluating the best risk adjusted rate of return for his investors. And it aint bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-05-15 07:07:51
Im telling you thats a near sure fire bet and that if you were managing a 100bln+ portfolio instead of a 5k portfolio... Taking a blind risk on bitcoin when a 4x in 15 years is available is very stupid.
The only reason bitcoin MAY be a better investment for you is you have nothing to lose anyway.
@_date: 2019-05-15 00:19:48
Your missing reinvested dividends.
Also forget individual stocks. Its the indexes that compound at 7-10% in the long run.
Any individual stock will likely get shot down... Over a long enough time frame.
Your argument about time frames isnt risk adjusted. Buying a stock index or a multinational stock index is betting that the world will keep turning. 
You must admit thats an infinitely safer bet than bitcoin regardless of how bullish you are.
Sure with btc you have a chance to 125x your money in 15 years.. But what is that chance.
Keep in mind 15 years at 10% is 400%. And thats more or less gaurenteed if your willing to wait +/-  10 years to cash it out.