@_author: venomspike
@_date: 2016-08-08 15:44:48
@_date: 2016-04-27 17:01:45
Perfectly said, less risk by using leverage and reducing holdings on multiple exchanges.  
Even 3x leverage means I can keep 2/3 of my coins in cold storage, but actively trade 1/3 of my stash as the equivalent of my entire stash..
For those that are new to leverage, just do yourself a favor and stay away from 20x -&gt; 100x. You will get rekt.
@_date: 2016-04-19 14:05:43
This is one area where the financial industry does things right, full background checks. Your issue stems from a hiring flaw I work at a broker/dealer as the asst. CCO and the biggest asset we have is our people.  When Bob was hired, there were a few gaps that stand out:
1. He gave a PO box as his legal address.  Always get a legal residential address.
2. Police Records.  Some searching and due diligence would have uncovered publicly available information to assist you in learning about your future employee's background.  In this case, had you realized he had a police record, the decision to hire Bob would have been very different.  For a small fee, you can also pay to have a more in depth report conducted to background check employees.
Regulatory bodies also require fingerprinting of employees, disclosure of any criminal history in the prior 10 years, as well as disclosure of financial related concerns (bankruptcy, liens).  This is done for the sole reason that employees may have access to funds.  When your business deals with the exchange of money, it pays to be diligent. 
I hope it all works out, ShapeShift is a great service.
@_date: 2016-04-07 12:56:37
Privacy Invasion vs Complying with Patriot Act and AML Requirements, same difference...
@_date: 2015-06-04 14:49:02
Said exactly what I was thinking. Programmer does not equal Economist.
@_date: 2015-12-21 15:53:01
No need to disband it, it's out of funds and will whither and die on its own!
@_date: 2014-02-19 17:36:29
Is LibertyTeller based out of Boston? Reminds me of Liberty NH
@_date: 2014-07-21 19:51:27
Stripe does not get it unfortunately.  We run a data center where we rent access to mining power, your basic cloudhashing model.
Stripe allowed a few transactions to go through before very promptly shutting down our service without an explanation.  After repeated attempts to contact Stripe they explained their banking partners do not believe in mining and will not allow them to work with companies that operate a mining pool... Exchanged several emails afterwards in which Stripe still made no effort to understand our business, the risk, or work to implement controls that would work.
Stripe does not see how mining is integral to bitcoin.  Stripe does not "get it".
@_date: 2014-02-20 00:46:43
I have a few questions after meeting with these guys today that left me uncomfortable.
There is a terms of service you have to sign to get BTC.
When I asked if there were fees, I was told there are none.
However they explained prices are set by them as a "market maker" and aggregating prices across exchanges, including localBTC.  This still created more than a 5% spread from Coinbase prices, not sure how this is not a fee to the consumer...
@_date: 2014-09-30 16:34:57
There's also one at Veggie Galaxy on Mass Ave
@_date: 2014-07-22 01:07:15
Our goal has always been to continue promoting the decentralization of bitcoin and help others participate who may not be able to on their own, or to the extent they want to.  We've had customers on both sides of the fence who already own btc or are getting involved for the first time.  CC processing is a value add service and allows customers to leverage fiat to enter the bitcoin space.  We don't do large sales by CC, it's more for entry level purchases.
@_date: 2014-07-22 00:28:48
Greg I looped you in with your staff on our issues.  If we can be the poster boys for getting Stripe to work effectively in this new space, all the better.
At the least I would love to see Stripe put their necks out here to help your banking partners understand where the risks are.  I don't feel that our business carries the same risk that our competitors do.  My background is AML and Compliance at a Broker/Dealer, I'd like to think that's about as well qualified a partner in Risk and Fraud as you can get.
Looking forward to discussing further.
@_date: 2014-05-07 18:46:25
Why did they move the machine from South Station? Did they get kicked out by management? 
I went by there a few times for my commute and the whole operation seemed awfully sketchy.  I'm really looking forward to someone who can bring legitimacy to bitcoin, we don't need more guys looking to make a quick buck like Liberty Teller.
@_date: 2014-09-23 20:26:30
Feels a bit like braintree payments announcing BTC support for Paypal One Touch... Coinbase has an ace up it's sleeve
@_date: 2015-05-07 15:21:03
Well put.
@_date: 2014-02-27 21:15:14
Insider trading = making an investment decision based on non-public knowledge.   Ryan sold all his bitcoins before he announced the information to the public.  I wouldn't be surprised if he shot himself in the foot with that move.
@_date: 2017-02-27 14:41:51


General thumb of investing supports this logic, but in this case it would be inaccurate. There is a huge pool of money locked up in institutional funds, individual 401ks, pension plans and more that have never had access to bitcoin as an investment.  An approval opens up the door to a new market.
The logic behind this is true "price discovery". When all pools of capital have access to the underlying asset, bitcoin, then the real value is efficiently discerned.  There will be purchasing from these new markets even if it's a fraction of the capital available.
Conversely, there is no ability to short the ETF outside of normal market making activity, therefore no downward pressure on price at the onset of an ETF.
As for the time frame, it all depends on how quickly BATS can list the ETF after approval.
@_date: 2015-01-20 15:18:14
Costs weren't very significant, it's relatively inexpensive to operate an ATM.  There were hurdles though, particularly with our banking partners.  Margins are also squeezed with a depressed price, which wasn't a concern when we were dispensing freshly minted coins through the ATM.  Bear in mind it's still a physical presence that needs to be maintained and have traffic driven to it.
@_date: 2017-02-28 17:13:00
Great counter argument. My underlying assumptions still stand though on the merit of the investment vehicle itself.
An ETF and an IPO in this case are generally different.  An IPO is an initial public offering, where shares are available to trade on a public market.  A portion of the shares are already allocated to equity holders, founders, early stage investors, underwriters and syndicates.  Generally there is an allowance of shares for the general public and an estimated price target, but these are variables that can change during the offering period.  Holders that are no subject to restrictions have the ability to sell the security at market.
The ETF will hold an underlying asset and launch at an offering price.  The fund is required to purchase the underlying asset to back shares of the exchange traded fund. It will not be subject to selling pressure from existing holders.  There may be some margin shorting, particularly from market makers, but for several reasons naked shorting will be far less prevalent in an ETF than it is on an equity that has IPO'd.
Crispr is not an IPO on an island, there are competitive companies that offer similar products, it is not opening the door to a "new market" but rather exposing a private company to public investors in a competitive field.
I would argue bitcoin has little exposure on the public market (outside of GBTC and some public companies with bitcoin exposure) as an "asset". I'm not trying to argue the merits of what bitcoin is, but the fact remains it's unique as a public investment and has had little presence at all on public exchanges.  
The only investors that have prohibitions on holding an asset like bitcoin are large funds, pension plans, government run funds, etc.  
A recent OECD Markets report ( has estimated pension assets alone at USD $36trillion.
These pensions may have had access to Crispr like investments at the IPO, perhaps they had met their target criteria for a % of cutting edge medical tech equity in their portfolio.  What pensions and other funds won't have access to is bitcoin... If even a fraction of funds out there have a partial interest in padding their portfolios with an asset like bitcoin, there will be net buying.
Please note this is purely speculation, because you are correct, no one knows for sure what an ETF approval will do to the price. What I can say is that historically, market exposure for "commodity like assets" through an ETF has resulted in an increase in price.  In 2007 the first US Gold ETF was approved, gold went up in value following that ETF approval.  Yes the market also had a recession around that time, but it stands to reason that there are some favorable odds for price appreciation following a bitcoin ETF approval if it happens.
@_date: 2015-01-14 17:59:47
You have to work to solve the trust issue, and breaking cryptography is work.
Sure, there other "solutions" out there like Proof of Stake.  PoS has many instances of failing, look up Vericoin Mintpal hacking for a great use case.
So yeah, let's research it.  Right now though, by a long shot Proof of Work through mining is the best option.  Give it time for technology to reduce the burden on our resources, and keep in mind it is still incredibly more efficient than our current financial system.
@_date: 2015-01-20 15:47:00
I was trying to avoid details, but BofA suspended our business accounts without cause.  I know we aren't the first or last bitcoin business to have banking issues, but it's incredibly frustrating to be working with a bank without any hiccups just to have service suspended out of the blue.
@_date: 2015-01-18 00:36:43
When the internet of things meets a decentralized exchange, this will be a reality.
Picture the laptop you want to purchase, is hooked up to the internet of things.  When you decide to purchase the machine, you are able to verify it's functionality via it's connectedness to the network, among a myriad of other statistics that it is willing to broadcast.  You are in the market purchasing a working machine, and that is exactly what you would get.
Once you've made your purchase via bitcoin, the ownership of that laptop has now changed hands and will automatically start the processing of moving to your physical possession.  This process is probably similar to the automated warehouses amazon runs, it could be a third party or the actual marketplace you are purchasing from.  You will have to pay for this, of course, but due to the decentralized nature of the transaction this would be a fee you are more than happy to pay to remove the trust involved.
All of this, of course, would be more connected than ever. This purchase might even happen automatically, because your current laptop just died.  When it died, it determined the failure was due to something uneconomical to repair and immediately authorized the purchase of a replacement to fit your needs....
Welcome to the future.
@_date: 2015-01-16 04:30:33
There are a bunch of benefits for Uber.  The biggest is international payment option that won't suffer exchange fees.  Think about taking payments in countries around the world!
Factor in the "no-fraud" factor and proof of funds before most rides end and you have a pretty solid use case for them.  And it's not like your typical taxi driver, who suddenly doesn't have his CC machine working!
Also helps if they can cut down on Credit Card fees on what is a low margin business.
Uber uses Braintree Payments for their processing, so it wouldn't even be a difficult integration. They need some positive publicity right now with all these rape cases going on.
@_date: 2015-01-14 17:35:53
That's pretty good if you are able to get 48F ambient off just 10,000 CFM.     
How many physical miners do you have? If it was all S4's you'd have around 25 machines, but I'm guessing it's more like 40+?
As for your electric, at .043/kwh and a 35kw draw you're operation costs almost $1100/month in electric.  That's assuming of course, you have no supply charge.  Add in your rent + internet and you are looking at $1700/month.  That's not bad if you are able to generate $3200/month on 50 th/s.
Setup sounds solid.  Did you put anything in for security or fire suppression?
@_date: 2015-01-07 14:33:31
The government issues and backs the currency that banks hold and we use everyday.  That gives the government the authority to monitor and control how that currency gets used and spent.  The Patriot Act and BSA regulations make sure that certain activities get reported and your identity is verified through CIP processes.  USD and government issued fiat are not free to use.
Bitcoin is naturally free from this authority.  However, where ever bitcoin interacts with USD and government currencies those entities will impose themselves to construct regulations and force adoption of state policies.
If we want to use bitcoin and avoid imposed authority, it has to start functioning on it's own in an economy that doesn't have to interact with FIAT currencies.
Great post.
@_date: 2015-01-17 14:03:05
My company has a working Lamassu + stand in Boston that we are looking to get rid of.  Already have a relationship with the owner of the restaurant where it is placed who would happily work with the next owner.  If you are interested PM me.
The Lam's are good machines, I also have two skyhooks that work fine, no issues with counterfeit notes yet.
@_date: 2015-01-23 16:38:43
I signed up for this service recently, and was given the $100 credit within minutes.  Was very impressed, and received emails from Jaron himself confirming.
Trading was simple as well. 
@_date: 2015-01-20 17:28:10
Fundamentals just got alot stronger with this type of endorsement.  NYSE now has access to the tools to understand bitcoin better, including developer talent.  Coinbase just got the premiere seat at the wall street party.
If there is going to be a  in the crypto space, looks like BTC is going to retain it's spot for some time to come.  
@_date: 2015-01-16 04:44:01
There is evidence out there linking Karpeles to the actual ownership of the silk road site.  I am not the one who will be leaking it, but it's going to come out soon enough.  Question is whether there is enough there to make the connection.
I will say it's pretty convincing.  Tomorrow is going to be an interesting day.
@_date: 2016-03-07 18:31:54
Give Gavin some credit, what he says isn't Earth shattering and it's completely logical.  Expecting an "Off-Chain" solution to suddenly pop up and absorb the huge number of transaction volume we're seeing is silly.  The rest of the community is spreading FUD instead of implementing simple and logical fixes with absolutely minimal impact.
For those of you who don't believe me, watch for commentators using words like "negligence" and "lightning will fix all our problems".  It's like a cult of anti-bitcoin propaganda, lobbed particularly hard at Gavin and some of the core devs.  Maybe paid shills is more accurate!
@_date: 2015-01-20 14:18:22
The machine works great, and it definitely would be profitable in the right setup.  My company operates a data center for bitcoin mining in conjunction with the ATM.  We shut down the DC in Nov and have decided to fully pivot.
The restaurant owner really enjoys having it on site for marketing purposes.  There is value there beyond the profitability for the ATM owner.
@_date: 2016-03-07 18:25:24
How about it's not an argument at all? When people say it's not one or the other, it's because they believe it's better suited for a particular purpose.  There is no other reason that bitcoin can't act as all these things... Payment network, currency, store of value, settlement and asset transfer...
Personally, the most obvious transition is settlements. I could go through the reasons, but more importantly you shouldn't take everyone's opinion personally.  Most people here have no idea what they are talking about, form your own opinion.
@_date: 2016-03-03 17:06:11
Just slaying noobs
@_date: 2016-03-07 14:30:26
"They are wrong."
@_date: 2015-01-14 16:02:59
OP, what's your total draw? 50th/s is probably somewhere around 40,000w, depending on your efficiency mix.
Also interested to find out how many rigs you have going and the total amount of rackspace they take up.  There are other costs that you might not be sharing here, do you have insurance on that equipment as well?  Did you setup a legal entity for your mining operation or do you just file as a sole proprietor?
Lastly, you mentioned good air flow.  How much CFM is moving through your space and how did you setup intake/outflow? Did you utilize hot and cold aisle, standard vents, or did you have to do custom work to install fans and louvres?
@_date: 2016-03-03 15:58:55
You took my simple, obvious argument and convoluted it with arbitrary figures that you made up.  I didn't say 8gb blocks, and I didn't say we need to compete with Visa.
I didn't even suggest removing the limit. Even the 2mb proposal Gavin pushed would have been reasonable, we can scale into an appropriate solution no problem.
Honestly, it's the folks in your camp that are making this difficult.  For some reason you'd prefer to throw out accusations without any reasonable solution to back it up.  I'm not sure what you're proposing, but I can guarantee you it doesn't solve the immediate problem of full blocks.
@_date: 2016-03-01 13:43:12
@_date: 2016-03-03 19:39:24
Perfectly summed it up.  This isn't overly complicated, let's move forward responsibly.
@_date: 2016-03-03 21:25:32
It's a good point, but it's more dangerous to hit the limit and create a backlog of transactions.  Some smart folks have attempted to simulate the side effects using monte carlo simulations, but it's not clear how egregious the damage would be. 
The most worrisome effects develop when bitcoin is no longer functioning as intended.  Increases in fees, delays in confirmations, lack of faith and general brand damage are hard to quantify, but they are most definitely VERY damaging.  Miners may benefit for a time because of increases transaction fees, but long term adoption would wane (or defer to other chains) and eventually flatline if we can't accommodate growth.
We have had a HF and it would eventually work itself out.  The majority chain would eventually win, as Gavin pointed out. There is no "eventuality" if we can't accommodate additional usage in bitcoin, it's a no growth scenario.
@_date: 2016-03-07 19:14:39
Off-Chain is anything that doesn't lie on the protocol today.  Any solution, lightning network, rootstock, side chains, etc add additional usability to bitcoin.  The fact is though, these solutions don't have traction today, they are highly theoretical and have assumed adoption thresholds.  The problem we are facing today isn't that we have a lack of innovation in off-chain or sidechain development, it's that none of these solutions are proven to be the solution to the transaction problem.
The problem is that blocks are full, transactions are hitting capacity. This was never the intention when Satoshi implemented the block cap.  The fix to this specific problem is to create larger blocks, even if it's a small bandaid for a time.  The next logical step is to focus on the innovative off-chain and side chain projects that could ultimately soak up transaction demand and allow more functional layers to exist on the protocol.  It seems foolish for us to assume that simply pushing this innovation will magically solve the problems we face today.  We are seeing increased use of blocks today so why should we assume that trend would flatline or reverse with these innovations?  Particularly when we can put a simple bandaid in place to make sure that we don't have a transaction problem?
Second, LN is not anti-bitcoin.  My concern is the incredible amount of shilling that is going around these forums.  There are groups of people intentionally causing discord and confusion among community members.  I find the credibility attacks by the community to be infuriating.
@_date: 2016-03-09 14:27:04
There are some interesting calculations you are using here, but generally I agree that the value of the blockchain is in fact directly proportionate to the security of bitcoin.  You will not see valuable assets being secured, or monetized on the blockchain when the underlying value of the securing protocol is significantly less than the asset itself. These numbers go hand in hand.  By increasing the value of the underlying chain, we continue to open the field for additional asset layers.
It's a fallacy to assume that the value of bitcoin has to already achieve critical mass to allow for ANY transfer of value, timestamping, or digitizing of assets.  Transfer of value can still occur, but will be limited to the asset value that the existing currency/chain can support.  
A very simple example is to look at the current market cap of bitcoin, roughly $6.2b.  It's easy to support the purchase of a coffee, or even a car.  Suddenly it gets far more complicated when you are talking about much larger value transfer, for example the purchase of a company.  Could Tesla purchase a tire manufacturer for $2b using bitcoin? The answer would be no.  Would Facebook have been able to purchase WhatsApp for $19b? Obviously not given that the purchase value far exceeds the existing market value.
Take this example to the next level and assume that we have listed equities that settle on the blockchain.  In our hypothetical listing, Facebook is listed via Nasdaq and it's public shares trade and settle on the bitcoin blockchain.  FB carries a valuation of roughly $300b.   FB conducts an all equity buyout of WhatsApp for $19b and existing equity shareholders for WhatsApp receive $19b worth of FB stock which is settled via the blockchain.  This transactions far exceed the underlying value of the chain they settle on and would present ample opportunity for attacker to attempt to disrupt the transaction.  It is entirely plausible that these settlements could still occur, but there is additional risk to settlement on a chain where it's value is far less than the assets as this compromises potential security.
For the meantime we will continue to see the value of settlements and transactions rise as the price of bitcoin rises. These two go hand in hand and create a positive feedback loop.  There is no reason to stop development on one process or another, the value is derived from the usage that the bitcoin and the blockchain can provide.  The more settlements and smart contracts that can occur on the blockchain, the more value that is implied in the underlying currency and the chain itself causing a price increase.  Increased price in bitcoin creates additional trust and security, bringing more settlements and smart contracts.  This will occur in a positive feedback loop until some sort of parity is reached.
Thanks for your analysis.
@_date: 2016-03-03 19:41:39
Great way to describe it.  Security is 100% tied around cost (and benefit).
Thanks for your position, this has become such a convoluted subject. 
@_date: 2016-03-03 14:09:04
Anyone with a little bit of business savvy can see that we need block size increases.  If you want to argue anything else, you are missing the big picture.  Such a silly debate.
@_date: 2016-03-03 19:44:20
That's not true though.  There are a number of metrics we can't measure without real world evidence. We don't know all the real world affects that will occur when we change some variables.
We do know as it's functioning today we are hitting the upper limits of bitcoin's block size.  That's a problem, and it was never intended to be a problem... We know that the right thing is to scale responsibly.  That's it.
@_date: 2017-03-13 19:57:24
I'm not buying what you're selling
@_date: 2017-03-02 11:22:57
Pessimistically optimistic... I am pretty sure that sums it up for me as well.  I'd like to see the ETF approved but I'm always prepared for the fact it may get rejected.  Always take profits if you can, but we are also coming out of 3 years worth of consolidation and breaking ATHs.  Hard not to be bullish with a setup like that.
When I gave the 2007 date I had pulled up an ETF article that I can't seem to find anymore.  You're correct, the first ETF was available internationally only in Australia.  I fact checked myself and it turns out the SPDR gold ETF was available in the US in 2004, in 2007 the first gold "ETF" was finally approved but that was an original application in India from 2003.
More interesting is that the 2004 onward data looks even better... The other interesting fact is that articles from 2013 support the idea that once the Gold ETF launched it was added as an investment inside pension funds.  Capital holders included the Teachers Retirement System of Texas and the [Pennsylvania Public Schools Retirement System](
As a side note, GLD held more gold than most central banks at one point... I'm not sure how that translates into a bitcoin ETF but it could be that it becomes one of the largest holders of bitcoin as well.  
@_date: 2016-03-03 14:08:23
Thanks for sharing that, hadn't read it yet.
@_date: 2016-03-03 16:59:08
Incredible.  Again, nothing you just said answered a single question.  You didn't propose a solution, or provide valuable insight into why transaction volumes aren't a problem.  How does lightning network have any impact on transactions occur on the bitcoin blockchain, today? Do you have some logical assumptions you'd like to share on why those transactions will all magically migrate over to the lightning network?  Or why you believe that existing transaction volume on the bitcoin blockchain is going to magically start to decrease, instead of increasing year over year since bitcoin's inception?
Use some of that innovation you keep talking about and get back to me.
@_date: 2015-01-20 14:47:27
Great job guys.  This is the way to start off 2015.
@_date: 2016-03-03 15:50:33
Only I'm not wrong.  Satoshi never intended the pipeline to remain 1mb, that was a bandaid for growing pains.  Much like he understood that ASICs would eventually be developed, and had a gentleman's agreement to halt GPU introduction into mining.
It's obvious, we need bigger blocks.  We are already at capacity, so unless you think that transaction volumes are declining sometime soon then the proof is already right in front of us.
Maybe common sense is more appropriate.
@_date: 2016-01-05 21:23:44
No one is covering the costs to run it.  Mining is a profit center, the current subsidy per block is the network covering it's transactions costs.   Miners are receiving 25 btc per block, currently worth $10,750.  Your statistic doesn't hold water right now, the network is behaving exactly as it was intended to with low cost transactions. 
@_date: 2016-03-03 16:00:23
Touche.  It's also the same thing as a 12.5 BTC reward at $860 as a 25 BTC reward at $430....
@_date: 2016-03-03 16:34:52


I'm sorry, did you fail comprehension in grammar school?
I don't believe we need to compete with Visa. But, full blocks are absolutely a problem as it impedes further adoption.  The bitcoin blockchain likely has it's best use case as a public, decentralized settlement network.  Today, we are continuing to see growth in transaction volumes, but we may never see VISA style transaction volume given the use of sidechains and alts.
In order to survive as a settlement network, the chain has to have sufficient value to secure it for settlement.  As it stands today, can you really imagine an equity market with $1trillion in assets settling on a $6b dollar blockchain?  What about a large percentage of global derivatives, say $10trillion?  Bitcoin has to continue to scale, the moment we stall because we can only support an average of 280,000 transactions, growth will stall as well.  Kiss your market cap, hash rate, and securing computing power goodbye.
I don't even need to say this, but because you keep bringing it up, you really don't have any idea what transaction volume we "do need to support".  You are merely trolling about your assumptions regarding VISA.  Maybe we do need to get to 500,000 per day, maybe it's 1 million, but I don't need to have any assumptions at all to see that we are already hitting the cap TODAY.
@_date: 2017-03-16 16:48:01
Isn't cash anonymous...
@_date: 2016-01-11 20:16:47
@_date: 2016-03-03 16:09:34
Interesting points. There is still so much value outside of available features on this bitcoin chain. We already have "usage", we don't need to have sudden adoption when we've already been experiencing exponential growth.  Bitcoin has proven that it will continue to scale on every metric, and includes the number of transactions that are happening on chain.
Public, decentralized blockchains are going to have value no matter what happens in the private space.  It seems that bitcoin has really already proved this is an accurate assumption.  So, consider that the value of assets being settled on a public decentralized blockchain really is predicated on the "value" of that blockchain.  The cost of securing that chain, helps determine the value that can be implied or secured on top of that chain.
Bitcoin needs to continue scaling.  There will be public and global usecases for settlement on the bitcoin blockchain, even if we aren't striving for VISA level transaction speed.  To support that type of activity, we clearly need to support additional transactions. There won't be any more growth in bitcoin if we stop the cart here.
@_date: 2016-06-29 16:37:45
Well said, this is a stop gap for normal people to take their bitcoin and spend it in the real world.  That's it!  Enjoy it, use it to pay bills and live your life, nothing wrong with this AT ALL.
Yes, the day when I can pay for gas and my mortgage using just bitcoin will be awesome.  Until then.... BitPay VISA rocks.
@_date: 2016-06-29 16:38:53
Totally agree, this card really is great.  When you want to use it, you select your desired load level with "USD" and then send bitcoin.  From my experience, it took less than a minute or two for the funds to appear ready to use on the card.  Really is awesome!
@_date: 2016-11-02 16:13:37
If you have no experience trading, my first point is to AVOID LEVERAGE.  You have no idea what you are doing and you WILL lose money.  That's my PSA, you can work your way into leverage when you're ready.
Start learning to read a chart.  A great starting point is   Keep in mind that markets behave similarly, it doesn't matter if it's Forex or BTC you will notice patterns with time.
Use charting resources available to you such as bitcoinwisdom, cryptowat.ch, or tradingview.  Tradingview also has a great chat for crypto trading that will also expose you to different charts and strategies.
Find the right exchange.  There are so many options, with different fees and liquidity.  Chinese exchange like Huobi, OKCoin, and BTCChina have the best liquidity and generally lowest fees.  Other exchanges are more friendly to US customers, like GDAX, Bitfinex, or BitStamp.  There's also Btc-e, Itbit, Kraken, and many more.  Do your research first.
Determine the amount of capital you want to risk.  "Trading" is best done with a portion of your liquid capital.  You may want to hold some bitcoin/crypto permanently, and trade the rest.  Segregate assets by storing them in different wallets or exchanges.  This helps with discipline and may help you the avoid the "I just want go all in here!" feelings that you are bound to experience if you day trade.
Take profits consistently.  Great, you have a few good trades in a row. Now you are ready to take more risk! Instead, take some of your profits and put them away, make it a habit to build up your assets.
Avoid the noise.  Everyone has an opinion.  Everyone will push their opinion.  Make your own opinion and analysis instead of letting others sway your position.  Many traders lose money, especially in times of FOMO, because other traders impact their strategy.
Don't be afraid to take risk.  That's what this is all about! Jump in and stick to the rules.  Good luck!
@_date: 2016-11-18 14:47:43
Doesn't help that short term holds are taxed as income.  Which means if you used your coinbase account to buy coffee, food, or a piece of furniture off overstock you generated income.
If the IRS is only looking at coinbase, then you have the added problem of having to supply info regarding transactions across other wallets, exchanges, etc.  This is just a terrible mess that will result in a massive headache and a bunch of ridiculous tax issues for regular users.
Simply a bad idea.
@_date: 2016-11-18 19:14:58
You bring up good points. I think that is the point though, that's why the IRS's internal audit team is pushing a revamp of the department's classification.  There has been zero accountability and frankly, it's difficult for them to enforce in the current state.
@_date: 2015-08-21 20:15:28
Those aren't special use cases? Buying bitcoin is still buying bitcoin, just like spending bitcoin is still spending bitcoin, and wallets are the first form of software that ever existed for bitcoin.
These are the email services for the blockchain, the basic building blocks of something with much more potential.  We are waiting for killer usecases, like launching decentralized autonomous corporations (or Non-Profits, for example), simple to execute contracts, fee reductions in the legal and financial world on all sort of complex products, even asset to asset transfer without settlement times or counterparty risk.  Those are use cases, and they haven't even been fully developed OR launched successfully in the wild yet.  I bet there are quite a few that we haven't even dreamed of yet.
@_date: 2015-08-21 14:06:35
You also can't compare current bitcoin access, services available, yadda yadda without knowing if what we currently have is basically "Email for the Internet" in 1990.  
Once a whole toolbox of services hits the market that is easily accessible by consumers, we can make a healthier comparison.
@_date: 2019-02-26 00:13:39
Nice work, in for one! Please PM thanks
@_date: 2015-08-21 20:11:44
Dirty Mouth
@_date: 2015-08-21 14:09:59
Bitcoin is not Segway, come on!  Who really thought Segway would be an awesome, globally used service?
Paint Nite Bars are the current Segway IMO
@_date: 2015-07-10 15:17:49
Does the customer I refer also get $25? 
@_date: 2015-08-27 19:42:12
This is the exact opposite of inspiring trust.
@_date: 2016-02-20 18:21:49
Coinbase isn't meeting the requirements if that's all they will accept.  Any government issued ID meets the standards of the Patriot Act, BSA/Fincen, etc. They are using more stringent standards than other financial insitutions.
I'm not defending Coinbase either, their customer service really is complete garbage. That being said, you should have known well in advance that any US based exchange facilitating brokerage for bitcoin is going to have to meet these requirements eventually.  
@_date: 2016-02-20 18:29:30
Those aren't solutions. Others already pointed out the problems with PoS so I won't get into it.  There have been numerous security and consensus related issues with other PoS alts.
Consider too that securing the blockchain requires a certain amount of "monetization".  ASICs have had the unintended effect of creating a profits driven arm race, where billions have been invested and reinvested into securing the blockchain.  It's created a profitable and competitive industry that is becoming more and more difficult to attack due to sheer cost and scale.  There is no doubt that this trend will continue into the future.
Changing the system now, when it hasn't resulted in any security related compromise, is completely absurd.  In the future we may even realize that the dawn of ASICs was a blessing for bitcoin.  The majority of bitcoin's issuance is already completed, 15m of the 21m coins have been released.  That's more than 71% of future supply.  Future ASIC industry magnates will battle over 29% of the remaining supply as well as future transaction fees.  
@_date: 2016-09-02 15:29:03
When does the bitcoin portion and bitcoin wallet go live?
@_date: 2019-01-26 18:25:00
It is probably not something that most people will adopt... can you imagine a normal person loading up an LN node and funding it?
As a layer 2 application, we should anticipate that new ideas or concepts are enabled on top of the second layer.  Most people will use an application and probably will have no idea that it's on lightning.  As to how these people are on-boarded is still an unknown for me.  A future solution.
@_date: 2015-04-17 19:28:45
Looks like he deleted the post anyways.  It wasn't directed at you specifically, just pointing out his information was factually incorrect and not genuine.
Either way, thanks for correcting my etiquette, shouldn't have posted this diatribe in reply to you.
@_date: 2015-04-17 14:43:35
He is factually incorrect though. There are no traces on currency.  Zero.  Bitcoin can be traced, sometimes even after a thorough mixing.  Banks have limited recourse and can chase money down within their member network, like a wire between US banking conglomerates.  Move that money overseas, take it out of the banks through some method other than a wire, and the funds are gone.
Also using "risk free" for currency is incredibly inaccurate.  It is backed by the full faith and credit of your government.  It is not risk free.  The primary advantage being that it is recognized and accepted as a means of payment globally (as the case with the US dollar) might imply that it is riskless as a payments method.  Even with that in mind, there is risk of counter fitting and fraud.
Balance those risks against bitcoin would surely be more accurate.  His post needs to be amended.
@_date: 2015-09-29 15:41:12
While I find this ridiculous, it's pretty simple for the bank to disregard the funds using standard "AML" practices.  They are able to verify the funds were deposited, and that they came from a legitimate institution (i.e. coinbase) but they have no ability to rationalize the "AML" criteria that could be used while the funds are bitcoin.  Until banks or FINCEN adopt policies that accommodate bitcoin supervision, this will continue to be the case.
@_date: 2015-09-29 15:52:09
This is a super broad question.  If the bitcoin exchange is in the US for example, and has custody funds on behalf of their clients, they are most likely operating as broker/dealer and are definitely subject to AML policies and procedures.  Generally, if it's a US based exchange the answer will be yes on KYC/ID.  International exchanges are able to circumvent the laws of local jurisdictions and avoid identity verification.  What you will start to see though, is a network of compliant and non-compliant exchanges.  US based exchanges have to know source of funds in order to meet their AML requirements, so accepting a transfer from another exchange that is "KNOWN" to be non-compliant with AML standards creates a problem.  Those exchanges are likely to start getting blacklisted by AML compliant exchanges if the regs stay the same.
@_date: 2015-03-01 13:22:53
Let's call Zhou and ask him.
@_date: 2016-10-06 01:20:13
Best analogy I've read on PoS!
@_date: 2015-03-13 02:02:59
It's a bit ugly...
@_date: 2015-03-17 16:12:59
This is one of the best ways to spread adoption.  Acquiring btc is always listed as a pain point in the adoption process, thanks for speeding this along!
Hope others pass on the tip!
@_date: 2015-03-27 17:50:56
Full Disclosure: I don't own a bank.
Banks have access to the fed window and can take "loans" at a fraction of the interest that we would pay.  In fact near 0% currently. They do make some money on the deposits from their thousand customers, but it's hardly anything.  What they do is keep those funds as their reserve and leverage against it to make income.
The funds they borrow are then loaned back out as mortgages, commercial loans, auto loans, lines of credit, etc. This pool of loans is used to generate income, and might even be repackaged and sold to a third party.  When they issue loans they earn initial fees up front for servicing the loan or closing costs, etc.  Add in fees from customer services like overdrafts and account fees.
Bear in mind that the majority of their funds, and loans, are covered by government insurance.
@_date: 2015-10-23 14:32:01
The current concept is that coins get colored, or tagged to suggest being associated with criminal activity.  This has sort of been the standard floating around the community for the last year or two.  It's an easy concept to understand but it's not how money works today.  Dollars don't get "tagged" once they have been associated with criminal activity. To put this in perspective, it's really about the "identity" associated with those dollars when they are in the financial system.  If I am conducting an AML search, the dollars themselves are irrelevant.  What I care about is who owns those dollars, who owned those dollars before, and who is going to own them after.
Perhaps we need to change this concept a bit.  Instead of giving the coins a tag to comply with existing AML/KYC regulations, we should consider digitizing identities in a way that complies with existing regulations.  
Before you counter on "removing AML or KYC treatment", I have to concede I don't see a way around it. Any financial institution or service provider in the US or a cooperating country that complies with the global AML standard will require some level of AML/KYC.  We simply can't expect these standards to evaporate, particularly with a new technology.  
Also consider that identity will be required regardless in some fashion to truly achieve asset transfer and ownership, digital contracts, voting, escrow services, and the myriad of other services we envision for bitcoin.  It would be far more simple to leave fungibility in tact and focus on an identity layer.  Most future bitcoin users are likely to use third party bitcoin "banks" like coinbase, and it would be relatively seamless to use an identity on wallet addresses.  
There are privacy issues to consider here as well.  How much of an identity is publicly available if at all, who can access or view identity information, how much of an identity can be made viewable or can be restricted by the owner of that identity... Probably many more issues than what I've even started to list here.  Also this would do nothing to counter any private wallet usage, but the requirements are ultimately on the institutions themselves and the type of business a user is conducting.  Moving bitcoin into an existing financial institution might require an ID associated with the wallet sending the transfer, for example...
Just food for thought. Personally I do not believe colored coins will make sense in the future, and I do think impacting fungibility is a bad practice for a currency with a finite supply.  That supply will continue to dwindle if coins are "tainted" and subsequently removed from circulation.  By using an identity approach, we can confidently appease regulators and roll out additional services for bitcoin users where identity is a crucial part of the transaction.
@_date: 2015-03-07 02:19:23
Hoarding btc here as well.  Didn't realize I was on the quest until I started comparing how much I have in bitcoin today versus 2 years ago...  Price is only double, but my coins are about 20x greater.  Proof that my hoarding mentality for bitcoin is in full effect, my savings certainly isn't 20x higher!
One of the best posts I've read today.  Here's $0.50 on me @_date: 2015-03-05 02:08:32
It's great to read this.  After using bitcoin for more than 2 years I continue to become more in love with the technology.  Once you've experienced moving value through the blockchain and using services that are built on this tech, there really is no going back.  I work at a broker/dealer and it is mind boggling to me how inefficient we are.
Thank you for sharing.  Looking forward to the future of finance!
@_date: 2015-02-21 16:07:31
Ok, this one is thrown around a million times over.  You can download a wallet on your phone, on your pc, or you can rely on a web service or exchange.  End of the day, every single option has a possible point of failure.  I prefer to have some coins in cold storage, some stored on my local pc with a backup on my HTPC, and the rest are on multiple exchanges or "bitcoin banks".  The odds of losing them all suddenly become impossible, even if I don't have full control of all my bitcoin money.
At the end of the day, I still have more control than I do of my USD bank accounts, 401k, and brokerage accounts.
@_date: 2015-02-10 14:01:04
Halsey just wants to climb out of his recent failures and be the next big thing.  Without bitcoin, not sure how BitReserve would even be created in the first place.
@_date: 2015-02-28 12:25:00
Use common sense people!  If there is ANY foul play in a business owner's background... STAY AWAY.  Bitcoin has been rife with scams, as any new system on this scale would be.  It pays to look through history, the guys involved with the early scams tend to continue to be involved in future scams.  Do some research first.
Bitcoin was a serious honey pot.  Thieves that stole funds in the $1 price range have made out like bandits.  Even in the event that they are caught and the past catches up to them, the coins they stole are worth 250x more!  What do you think a scamming thief does with all that new wealth?
@_date: 2016-07-18 15:36:48
Seems like this is a pretty common theme with bitcoin actually. I'm in the same boat! I did have a decent investment account pre btc but never had the commitment to save. My discipline improved dramatically with bitcoin.  Seems counterintuitive but apparently I'm not alone on this one!
@_date: 2016-07-15 19:40:17
Because it's an OTC stock.  Google Finance only shows a few days of feed data on OTC stocks.
If you would like to see the full data, visit 