@_author: venomous_dingo
@_date: 2014-10-31 08:23:21
So lemme get this straight. You want bitcoin to be legitimized and accepted as a currency but you don't want any of the trappings that come along with it?
That's... not going to happen. At least not if it's going to take off. Unregulated markets are avoided like the plague they are by serious investors. Want to see bitcoin tank? completely deregulate it. The winklevoss twins will run faster than the flash to dump their coins. Smart money doesn't invest in unregulated markets.  If you want bitcoin to be taken seriously on any level, regulations and oversight are necessary. 
@_date: 2014-04-29 04:42:23
The settlement "go ahead was in relation to swipe fees and the settlement reflected that. 
The judge saying later (as quoted) that retailers are allowed to charge a fee to use credit cards holds no water. There was never and has never been a law against it. As I stated, the prohibition against charging extra to use a card is visa/mc policy. No law was ever drafted relating to this and a judge saying "yes you can violate the terms of your contract" doesn't change anything.
 If you sign on the dotted line that you agree to all visa/mc regs, you're held to that. If a customer complains to visa/mc about your company charging extra to use a card, you will have to answer to visa/mc and they don't play nice. 
@_date: 2014-10-31 18:13:46
So you're telling me that if the winklevoss twins hadn't gotten involved, and bitcoin was allowed to be a wild west style currency, bitcoin not only would be worth more than it ever was, but that it also would have gone "to the moon"?
If bitcoin was still the wild west, you wouldn't have big name retailers accepting it and it would be even more niche than it currently is. With mass adoption comes regulation. Period. No regulation, no mass acceptance. Granted, bitcoin was "worth" more before the regulations kicked in, but only among those that accepted it. Until it is ubiquitous as a payment option we won't see the true potential of bitcoin. 
Unfortunately, for that to happen you'll have to accept regulations. That's just how the big boys play.
@_date: 2014-10-31 21:34:40
Wow. I'm glad you were able to deduce all of that from two posts! So accurate too! Except, you're wrong about everything. But you've made up your mind, so I'm not wasting any more of my time. Enjoy the rest of your friday!
@_date: 2014-04-28 22:15:20
The only problem with that judgment is that it was never "against the law" to surcharge in the first place. It's *against visa/Mastercard regs* which unless I'm missing something aren't affected by this. Yes a judge can say "this is legal" but v/mc can still say "we can refuse to allow you to process cards if you violate our internal regulations" which you agree to when you sign that contract with your processor.
@_date: 2014-04-28 18:42:55
Actually it's the other way around if I'm remembering visa/mastercard regs. It's been a while since I've had to dig into them so I could be wrong. 
Basically, you're not getting charged extra to use the card. If something says 5.00 credit or 4.00 cash, 5 bucks is the real price. The dollar discount is if paying by cash. I seem to recall that charging extra to use a credit for of payment is extremely against visa regs. Unfortunately that doesn't stop anyone because they switched it around to "a discount for cash purchases" which is shady as fuck, but skirts the regulations quite nicely. 
Again, it's been a while so that part could have been completely removed or I could be imagining shit. Lol
@_date: 2014-03-08 04:45:17
Can a phone have an ethos? Someone resurrect Steve Jobs, I'm sure he can handle this one for us. 
@_date: 2016-02-04 20:42:07
Watched the video, and had some initial skepticism regarding the data and his analysis so I did some digging into the FRED data. Looking at the basic charts he provided, he's cherry picking the ever living fuck out of a plethora of data provided, then giving exceptionally simplistic doom and gloom view. Even then, assuming what he's presenting is fact, you can't immediately scream "impending doom". 
His analysis and use of the data is completely irresponsible, and the only explanation is the fact that he's pushing a product, which if you look at the details on the video, he is. I watched the entire video, took notes, and then looked into the situation afterwards, and only then did i notice he's SELLING GOLD AND SILVER. This on its own is not enough to invalidate his analysis, but it does cast the video in a new light. 
30 seconds on google found me this article: 
So, Congress eyeing BILLIONS to finance a highway works project. Nothing sinister there. Except congress being the twats they always are. 
Now, on to the COMEX numbers (the first point he hits), ooo yay... ONE index (granted, one of the biggest) is showing a low in registered gold. In and of itself not an issue. His speculation about WHO the players are is completely unfounded, as that data wouldn't be released yet, if there's a requirement to release that information at all. 
Overall, I stick to my initial conclusion. You won't see the next bomb coming. It sure as hell won't show precursors in the gold market. We know it's coming, we know HOW it's coming, we just don't know when. It's russian roulette, global economy style! Speaking of Russia.... Not to bring them into this, but if the OPEC players don't quit fucking around with oil, we may see a very VERY desperate and angry Russian bear go rampaging. It's a long shot, but a real possibility. 
@_date: 2016-02-04 22:35:50
Through the appropriate channels, i'm sure they have some leverage. It'd take an act of congress though, and I'm sure they'd LOVE to get their hands on that money. 
@_date: 2016-02-04 20:46:37
Probably a MUCH more mundane explanation. =) And a 20 billion dollar spike to the stock market would be infinitely more noticeable than.... well.... almost anything else. The NYSE volume is normally reported around 20 some billion a day. Spike twice that amount and you're gonna have the world going ape shit. Now, that's not to say they couldn't mask it over a week or month, or use dark pools for their liquidity, but 20 billion would be huge. 
There's better markets to make 20b vanish in without a blip on the radar. 
@_date: 2016-02-04 17:24:45
Well, without watching the video. No. And Yes. 
The problem is the financial sector is an absolute clusterfuck of repackaged and barely understood instruments. And they're coming out with new instruments all the time. Add to that investor ignorance and you have a recipe for disaster. 
Back in the TBTF days we were promised reform that would matter and insure that we didn't run into this whole thing again. Which we got. For a minute. Then they slowly rolled back every substantial piece that would give us some protection against a future collapse. 
Then we ended up right back where we began. Last March or so I read an article on one of the big sites (WSJ, etc.) that said "they're at it again" and went on to detail how not only are they doing the exact same shit, but now they're finding even more creative ways to do it. 
So yeah, we're facing another implosion. But no, it's not being covered up, unless obfuscation through complexity is considered a cover-up. 
@_date: 2016-02-04 22:39:29
Ha, thanks. TBH I get bored at work, and I dabble in the financial markets, so I read a bunch of shit each day that relates to the Fed, global markets, etc. So I can usually spot stuff that's dubious at best, and I know how to verify it and where to go, so it's no biggie. There's still so much I don't know, and nobody can ever know anything, but knowing how to research is 90% of the battle. =) 
@_date: 2013-06-13 20:43:46
Kk, thanks. I love reading about the markets and if France is dickin around and it hasn't hit the main feeds it'll be interesting to watch it fall out. Thanks for the invite to Just popped in and it seems like an interesting group. 
@_date: 2013-10-29 14:16:37
I'd actually agree that bitcoin has a greater chance at becoming the world currency over the euro but that's a long way off. The euro is considered by many to be a complete and utter catastrofuck whereas I've never heard that charge leveled against bitcoin.
I do think if bitcoin is going to gain traction there has to be a few more safeguards in place. Backing up wallets and the whole "if you forget x those bitcoins are gone forever" are huge issues that are seen as part and parcel of the bitcoin economy. Eventually enough bitcoins could be lost/confiscated by the government/etc. That bitcoin loses the flexibility to function. 
If nothing else, the bitcoin protocol is a good proof of concept that can be improved upon for a "2.0" that has a lot of these issues fixed.
@_date: 2013-06-13 15:05:30
Interesting, I hadn't heard about any capital controls on Gold in France. I don't really follow XAU or XAG simply because I don't feel like operating in a world without margin trading. =) Gold and Silver are also extremely open to manipulation through the countless talking heads that are out there. I also wasn't able to find anything recent on capital controls in France. Source? (Not being a dick, just curious)
Regarding the link that you posted, it seems fairly credible and grounded in reality. Triple tops happen, and they're well regarded as a solid "chart pattern". The one major problem that I have is the old adage of "The markets will react rationally, until they don't". Then there's "If the market tries something twice and fails, it will try the opposite". Patterns hold every single day, until they don't. That triple top chart could just as easily hang at the "top" for a week (resistance) before punching through and going higher. The other thing about crystal ball analysts is that they never come out and say "I have about a 60% win rate". MSM touts their wins and ignores everything else. After watching The Daily Show and an interview with Peter Schiff where Jon Stewart touted his stellar record I subscribed to Schiff's newsletter. If he was right about all of his calls there would be a smoking crater where the US is right now. Take it all with a grain of salt. 
Placing restrictions on moving gold doesn't seem like all that drastic of a move to me. It's when they start imposing currency controls like Cyprus did that I think everyone should "panic"... In case you weren't watching, the EU imposed capital controls of 150 euro withdrawals per day, and that was after the banks had been closed for a week. Guards were checking at the borders and people who had more than that amount of money, it was just instantly confiscated. Another problem with gold is the fact that most people don't realize they're trading "paper gold", in other words, your gold that you're holding a position on exists only in a computer. You can't take your investment to a bank or other clearinghouse and redeem your trade for hard gold. 
Effect on BitCoins? Anyone's guess. Yeah, the bubble where BC lost a ton of it's value in a few days just happened to occur right around the time of the Cyprus meltdown but let's not pretend there's correlation there. Honestly, if I had to make a call, I would say that anything France does won't have an impact on BC at all for a few reasons. 1. It's not widely known. 2. It's not exactly easy to acquire. 3. It's not exactly easy to spend. The bitcoin advocates are doing a good job of getting the word out, but there's still a great number of hurdles to "widespread adoption". 
Complete side note: I saw elsewhere in the thread someone requested that everything be kept solely on the topic of bitcoin, and away from general economic news. Here's the problem with that view: This little test that everyone is doing in cryptocurrency will wither and die on the vine if there's no "general economic discussion". Bitcoin doesn't exist in a vacuum and can't be considered a real currency until it can withstand a large number of factors both macro and micro-economic in nature. While everyone can be proud of their contributions to this test, without serious investors or economists BitCoin WILL stagnate. Bitcoin *has* to hit the mainstream in order for it to survive, and hitting the mainstream means being lumped in with fiat and other investment instruments. 
@_date: 2013-10-29 00:56:21
For anyone who has a basic understanding of economics? No. It's not. The euro is a solidly established system tying 16 (I think, can't remember off the top of my head) different economies together under one central bank. That right there is enough to shoot that question to hell. 
Add in the fact that the bitcoin "economy" or "ecosystem" is... fragile... at best and that no single economy on the planet is denominated in bitcoin and yoy start to see the full picture. Plus the fact that if bitcoin was anything like the euro you'd be conducting transactions with far smaller increments of bitcoin than we presently do.... 
@_date: 2013-06-13 03:07:45
Uhhhh.... Hate to tell you guys but when this was used in Cyprus, they pretty much came out and said "this is the new template for how we're handling these kinds of things." I also seem to recall reading somewhere that the US is actually the one who developed the idea. 
Welcome to the USA, leading export: Ways to fuck over EVERYONE. 
Just wait until it happens in the US. Wanna watch the world burn? Try it Obama, or Bernanke. Let's see how long shit stays sane. 
Source: Daytrader in the forex world, I eat sleep and breathe this shit on a daily basis. It's fun. =D
@_date: 2013-10-29 17:24:25
I can't say I ever thought I'd be having a rational discussion about bitcoin, no matter the venue. Most believers seem to be the fanatical type who can't accept any criticism whatsoever. I guess the currency really has matured. =) 
I can't say I disagree with you on many of your points, but one sticks out as a possible problem. Bitcoin as a "store of value"... Personally, I don't feel that it's anywhere near proven as a store of value. In my mind a currency would have to go through some sort of crisis (more preferable would be multiple tests) in order to earn the title. Bitcoin hasn't really had any crisis that we've seen. Silk Road being shut down doesn't qualify in my mind. I think the closest we'll get to a serious crisis in bitcoin is when all of these investment wonks get tired of the currency or decide that it's no longer worth their time. Everyone still likes to attach the "bubble" terminology to bitcoin, and I think that shows a lack of maturity not only within the market, but within the investors. 
Is bitcoin promising as a currency? Hell yes. Is it time tested and battle-worn? Not even close. I don't think we can call it time tested until we hit the cap where no more bitcoins will be mined and see what happens at that point. My prediction, a massive spike in price as people now see it as a limited commodity (unlike the US Dollar, or really any other fiat).... 
@_date: 2013-10-29 14:10:05
I don't think I'm being too literal, I think they're asking a stupid question. The more they get away with asking questions like this that have no basis in reality, the more problems people will have adopting the currency. I'd probably call myself neutral on the whole bitcoin situation, but questions like these don't help in the discussion.
@_date: 2013-08-08 14:20:52
When you exchange currencies at a foreign exchange desk at an airport or bank or something of that nature, he's correct in that there's no tax on *that* transaction. However, try trading foreign exchange through a broker in the retail forex market and you're immediately liable for cap gains taxes on each and every trade. 
Source: retail forex trader who lives within the system. Also, my accountant f'n loves me.
As an aside, and more to the point of the original post re: bitcoin = currency. Isn't this exactly what you wanted? To be taken seriously and considered a currency? Did you guys honestly expect to be under the regulation radar for long? Congrats are in order either way. Enjoy the ride!