@_author: venusdemiloandotis
@_date: 2014-10-12 23:22:06
Way to go! Philippines has definitely been leading the charge on bringing BTC remittances home.
@_date: 2015-01-13 00:21:12
How does that change the economics of prohibition?
Popular culture has wisened up about drugs and maybe privacy.....but they don't understand why the prohibition of those things failed....and so they don't apply the lessons learned to everything else.  Centrally, coercively banning (and to a lesser extent banning-lite: regulation) always produce a black market where, all things equal, prices rise, and quality and accountability decrease; violence abounds and justice is denied, and the incentives to buy and corrupt power become irresistable....and always at massive opportunity cost of disallowing a heuristic market process of innovating past the ills caused by the thing being banned.
Good law tends to enforce itself, in large part because of commitment strategy.  No single set of laws can ever be the mout beneficial way to organize a large and diverse society.
@_date: 2015-01-13 03:03:32
Wow. That's generous, thank you!
@_date: 2018-10-17 02:26:48
This, but unironically.
@_date: 2018-10-11 07:49:27
Price stability would be good, yes. And is part of the effects of a token becoming money (and paradoxically, required for it to become money).
But it would be foolish to think that enough has fundamentally changed about the depth and liquidity and maturity of the bitcoin market, since the 2017 insanity (or 2013, 2012, 2011, etc.) such that the price can remain this stable for very long. We've had many periods of relative stability like this before. It will pump and/or crash again.
Without a government decreeing something money, there's a big old fat coordination problem (market failure) creating massive uncertainty around a commodity or token (like bitcoin), which has little non-monetary utility, but which has latent properties to be excellent money...if only it can somehow get distributed and held widely enough, such that those monetary properties can actualize (serve as a medium of indirect exchange, store of value, and unit of account).
But the catch-22 is: who will buy and hold a token with little non-monetary utility, unless everyone else does, so that it can be money? There's an assurance and free riding problem here. Unsurprisingly, high volatility here is inevitable. Surprising (to many) is that volatility itself is a primary market mechanism for overcoming these types of market coordination problems. It acts like a type of lottery, where more people become risk takers are incentivized to widen and deepen the market, despite the free riding (I.e. the people who do not "buy in" because there's no where yet to spend bitcoins/no point in owning).  Its like a futures market where people are betting on whether bitcoin will become money.
Long-term, reliable stability will only be predicated on very high liquidity/market size, and inertia of price expectations through the formation of transaction loops and goods/services beginning to be *priced* in BTC rather than USD/euro/yen/etc.
Hope that helps!
@_date: 2018-10-11 18:28:23
The "good" in question is having a medium of indirect exchange (a money) with bitcoin's particular properties.
So if such network effects *do* develop around bitcoin, those who did not buy any during these early phases, essentially free-rode off of the risk taking of others who did.
The real problem, of course, is not the free riding, but the assurance problem: I know bitcoin could become a really useful money...if it becomes money...but I don't know if everyone else is going to think similarly **and** act on that.
This can be described game-theoretically as well.
@_date: 2018-10-17 02:42:44
I can't cite any sources, but rumor and anecdote have had it for a long time that miners in places like Iceland have been porting their exhaust heat into neighboring facilities, or otherwise putting it to productive use.
Lot's of small-time miners (e.g. with gpu's in their homes) save massively on heating bills when mining in the winter.
@_date: 2018-02-18 19:13:14
Not quite true with tokens (like bitcoin) which have good latent monetary properties (fungibility, divisibility, scarcity, transportability, etc). These are network goods and become highly actualized as their network effect grows (unlike, say, tulips).
The nature of the good actually changes (goods are abstract concepts subject to the serviceability to an individual's ends) from mere token, to medium of indirect exchange and useful network of trading partners. 
Thus the fundamentals do change with adoption, and use as a medium of indirect exchange is a fundamental utility in itself.
