@_author: verbal272
@_date: 2017-12-28 15:22:55
I don't think it will ever be free though. I think is right
There are always fees for opening and closing LN Channels. The only way to get money that has been sent to you is to close a LN channel.
If I understand LN correctly routing through hubs or other people will work as long as those channels have enough credit/money available in them to pass along your transaction. Your money doesn't go to the destination through LN if it routes through multiple channels, your payment goes to the next person, and they pass on money to the next, and so on.
 eg. you want to buy a starbucks coffee but don't have a channel open with them. You have a channel through your friend Sally to starbucks. You would send Sally $1.50 for the coffee. Sally will then send $1.50 of her money to starbucks, but Sally only has $0.50 available in her channel with starbucks. Your transaction cannot be passed along through sally, and you will need to find another path, or open your own channel with starbucks.
In order for these free hubs to operate properly, they will need more money than most people have,  laying around in every channel in order to pass along any transactions they might receive, through all the various channels they've created. 
So in my Starbucks example. You would load your LN channel to Starbucks with $100, this should let you buy $100 worth of coffee.
If other people use your channel with Starbucks to buy coffee, they are paying you through one channel so that they can spend parts of your $100 through the Starbucks channel. Once that $100 has been spent, you and other people will not be able to use your channel with Starbucks until you deposit more money into that channel.  
You haven't lost money, because people have been sending you money through their channels they have with you. It's just that the money they sent to you can't be spent on Starbucks just yet. How do you get that money back into your Starbucks channel? You have to pay a fee to close all those LN channels you had open with people so you can collect your $ and deposit it back into your Starbucks LN channel.
As far as I understand, hubs will need to close and open channels constantly in order to reconcile the funds they have been recieving, and shuffle money around to channels that people often route through or else nobody will be able to route through those channels.
Routing fees are going to be what helps pay to close/open channels or else there is literally no incentive to run a LN hub/node because it will cost you money to run.
This is just a layman's understanding of LN, anybody please correct me if I'm wrong.
@_date: 2017-12-28 18:37:35
I've thought about that scenario. The only problem I can't figure out, is what incentive does Starbucks have to keep a channel open with me if they don't charge routing fees?
 They can't actually use my payment until the channel closes. They can't pay employees, convert to BTC, pay corporate taxes, or basically use it in any meaningful way. If they want to route more than $100 through our channel, Starbucks would need to increase the amount in the channel.
Like if you were to pay your rent or phone bill through LN. The companies  don't fully recognize the transfer of value until the channel closes, so there's no incentive for them to keep it open if they don't charge routing fees. If that makes any sense?
From the way I understand it, routing fees are the key incentive for channels to stay open, and otherwise keep large value ammounts tied up and only used for routing.
