@_author: vergehodler
@_date: 2017-12-29 01:28:46
Greetings, The Green Lake Conservancy in Green Lake, WI needs your support to preserve 40 acres of undeveloped land along Green Lake’s shoreline. Green Lake, WI is a natural beauty and one of the deepest spring fed lakes in the United States.  This heavily-wooded property, operated for over 50 years as Camp Grow, sits on Green Lake’s unspoiled south shore in Dickinson Bay and borders Spring Lake’s naturally rich shoreline. Sponsorship of the Green Lake Conservancy’s Partnership for Preservation means you are joining a select group of local donors who want to prevent development of this last existing shoreline on Green Lake that will EVER be available to protect.  Local residents are trying to come up with $1M to purchase the land and seek another $1M in a Wisconsin DNR Grant.  Today, from my understanding they are $200K short.  This parcel is critical for the Conservancy as it allows all people to experience Green Lakes beauty by permitting open access versus property development (large residential homes).  From  a watershed conservation, protecting every acre of Green Lake’s watershed from damaging nutrient and soil runoff is critical to it’s water quality. The riparian characteristics (land between two bodies of water) make this property especially unique. It helps control nonpoint source pollution by holding and using nutrients and reducing sediment to both Green Lake and Spring Lake. The unique contour of this land also makes it highly vulnerable to severe alteration if it is developed. It is crucial that these bodies of water are protected from development that would have adverse effects on water quality. The property also contains several authenticated ancient Native American Mounds that need to be protected.  Following is a link, I've donated what I could, here is the conservancy link for others.  The town has until 12/31 to come up with pledged funding.  Thanks to all that can support.  Following is the conservancy webpage.  
TIME IS OF THE ESSENCE!
We need your pledge by December 31st, 2017 in order to protect this property so it can continue to serve its environmental purpose for perpetuity. A recent appraisal placed a value of  $4 million on the property. We have applied for a grant under the Wisconsin DNR's Knowles - Nelson Stewardship program. If successful, this grant would be limited to 50% of appraised value, leaving as much as $2 million to be pledged by local supporters. This is your opportunity to create a lasting legacy for many generations to come. Pledge your support before December 31st!
