@_author: vergeingonold
@_date: 2018-01-24 17:46:27
Bitcoin is today’s brand leader in blockchain that most people have actually heard of. It is like IBM was to computer or Hoover was to vacuum cleaner in the past. This doesn’t mean it will be most widely used type of crypto currency in the future.  But with that caveat I think Steve Wozniak is right in identifying the underlying technology as the biggest game changer in how we trade with each other since the invention of HTML and the World Wide Web. Just as there was a dot com bubble, now we have a crypto bubble. It may burst more than once but this doesn’t mean it will all go away.
@_date: 2019-11-07 11:05:27
I’m also in UK and I usually use the Bittylicious web site to order crypto followed by fast money transfer to broker direct from my bank account.
@_date: 2019-08-04 08:37:50
Pleased to welcome you on board as another believer in the potential of blockchain. I’ve been following and researching this space as a hobby for over two years (I’m a retired IT consultant) and have to agree with most of the advice you’re getting to avoid XRP. The only coin that I believe is not a very risky gamble long term is BTC. Most of my savings are still in equities but a small percentage is now in crypto. And of that I always keep 80% of it in BTC. The other 20% I move around projects that I believe have strong potential but my choices in those alt coins have kept changing over the past 2 years. I’ve always held a little of a privacy coin and my pick in that space right now is DASH because although it isn’t performing well in terms of price I think it is now the most secure network, is fast and easy to use on all wallet platforms and has a working strategy for real world adoption. For good concept, technology and growth potential my present tip would be LINK, but I have no loyalty to any one project or community and may change my mind next week.
@_date: 2019-08-15 19:57:13
For my grandchildren
@_date: 2019-12-26 09:43:17
I can’t figure out what could be behind this censorship by YouTube. I’ve been a subscriber to ChicoCrypto for quite a while and am very sad to learn that his content has been taken down. From what I saw of Chico’s channel he was good at warning his subscribers about possible scams and shady things going on in the crypto space and he shared good research he’d done into, for example, developments by members of the EEA (Enterprise Ethereum Alliance) that is about progress in the application of blockchain technology in industry and is not about speculative money making schemes that could harm consumers. I cannot think of any content that contravened YouTube’s guidelines. Just what could YouTube gain from this?
@_date: 2019-12-26 10:09:34
As a subscriber to the Chico Crypto channel I found helpful insights into what is going on in the blockchain technology space such as what the EEA members are developing and what some of the possibly more shady players in the crypto space are up to, scams to beware of, etc.  I never saw any content on this channel that might contravene YouTube guidelines so I can’t imagine why it has been taken down. How can Google benefit from this censorship action?