@_author: veritassapere
@_date: 2018-09-21 14:20:46
It is a play on words from the first law of thermodynamics. Creating Bitcoin through mining burns value. When Bitcoin is lost or burnt, value is not destroyed but moved to all other holders of Bitcoin.
"Lost coins only make everyone else's coins worth slightly more. Think of it as a donation to everyone." - Satoshi Nakamoto
@_date: 2015-12-26 16:25:06
Your reasoning contains a critical mistake. You are treating the pools as if they are synonymous to the miners, they are not. They are for the most part separate entities. The concepts of pool centralization and mining centralization are completely separate concepts. You are wrongly conflating these two issues. Pool centralization is not really a problem unless mining itself becomes to centralized, only then would pool centralization become an issue, however this would only be a reflection of the deeper problem of mining centralization.
Increasing the block size does not increase mining centralization whatsoever. The reason for this is that pools behave in a similar fashion when compared to a representative democracy for miners. It is the people that control the hashpower that have all of the power in this relationship. Furthermore miners today do not run full nodes, the pools do instead. This is why the increased cost and difficulty of running a full node does not effect the miners, simply because the miners do not run full nodes anymore.
Pool centralization is dependent on the centralization of mining, and the miners are disincentivized to allow any one pool to grow to big. This is how Bitcoin works today, and it is working well in my opinion. We should accept that having 10-20 pools is how Bitcoin functions today and that this is how it will continue to function into the future, unless we radically change the protocol and the incentive mechanisms in order to change this, which I do not think we should do. This is not a problem, it only becomes a problem if you think that the pools are synonymous with the miners which they are not.
There are real threats to mining centralization today, however they have nothing to do with increasing the blocksize and it has more to do with economies of scale and centralization of manufacturing. The sooner people realize this, that the blocksize has nothing to with the centralization of mining, the sooner we can start having discussions about the real threats to the decentralization of mining that do exist. 
One of the best things that could happen for mining decentralization today is an increased price. Not increasing the blocksize will lead to transactions becoming unreliable and much more expensive, this would negatively impact adoption and therefore also the price. An increased blocksize allows for increased adoption which in turn allows for an increased price, which will over the long run help to further decentralize mining.
@_date: 2016-09-14 15:40:49
I think that some of the alternative cryptocurrencies are continuing Satoshis original vision. Whereas Bitcoin itself seems to be abandoning this vision. The vision being one of a peer to peer electronic cash system, the Core development team is steering Bitcoin away from this original goal, into becoming a settlement network only, when it could easily do both.
Therefore some of these alternative blockchains are actually continuing and succeeding in making this vision a reality, whereas Bitcoin itself seems to be failing in this regard. Altcoins therefore paradoxically might be Bitcoins savoir, and certainly the savior of Satoshi's original vision.
It would be more accurate to say that Bitcoins present state is disrespectful to Satoshi, because it has not stayed true to his plan for scaling Bitcoin. If you really do not agree with Bitcoins original design it might be better to adopt an alternative cryptocurrency as opposed to attempting to change Bitcoin into something it was never supposed to be.