@_author: veritasbitcoin
@_date: 2018-04-24 20:47:25
Don't underestimate Ver and his cronies. They also have usurped the Swiss Bitcoin Association - see this video here:
[Craig Wright in Switzerland] (
The guy "interviewing" Wright is Luzius Meisser, founder of the Swiss Bitcoin Association and member of its board. He furthermore is involved in many influential companies in Switzerland's crypto valley in Zug.
His father is on the board of Jihan Wu's Swiss company "Bitmain Switzerland".
Whoever underestimates Ver, Wu and Wright is about to make a big mistake. They have a plan, they have the money and they are determined to defraud people.
It is still time for actions.  
@_date: 2018-04-24 01:11:16
Some here mentioned that Bcash is - also - a project of Bitmain. 
Many in this forum underestimate the power behind Ver, Wu, Wright and their group of fraudsters.
Their financial resources are huge. And they are using them. Not for any political or ideological reason. But for centralizing Bitcoin and making more money, thus gaining more power.
Furthermore, they have built a well working network of money-whores all over the world.
Just a little example: Wu has established Bitmain Switzerland. On the board is Christian Meisser. Luzius Meisser (not sure if this is his son, but I was told so on IRC) is his son. He sits in the board of the Swiss Bitcoin Association, on the board of Bitcoin Suisse, is one of the main players in Switzerland's "Crypto Valley" Zug. Just to give you an idea how Meisser and the Swiss Bitcoin Association is crawling into Wright's, Wu's and Ver's asses, watch this video:
These people do all for money. And Ver, Wright and Wu have plenty of it.
Some here argue that no lawsuit should be filed because Bitcoin is against the government. This is somewhere between noble and stupid. If Ver and his buddies are not stopped, it may be that the experiment of Bitcoin sooner or later will become a footnote in the history of cryptocurrency. The only one laughing then will be the governments.
I strongly encourage each and everyone who has lost money, be it by being mislead by these fraudsters, by having lost money due to a pump-and-dump, be it by losing money due to spamming the mempool, be it by whatever other reason which can be tied to Ver, Wright, Wu or one of their companies: File lawsuits. Never mind if they will be successfull: Also send a copy to newspapers.
File lawsuits in the US against CNBC, Coinbase or whoever is involved in the pump-and-dump-scheme and insider trading promoted by Ver or in Great Britain against Coinbase in London.
File lawsuits against Roger Ver in Japan. Complain at the Financial Market Authorities there.
If living in Europe or Switzerland: File lawsuits against Wu and Bitmain in Switzerland. You can also file suit against its directors there (Jihan Wu, Ti Liu and Christian Meisser) or against the Swiss Bitcoin Association for actively participating in a fraud.
But if you think Ver and his buddies will disappear by the sheer superiority of Bitcoin's technology - you may as well send your Bitcoins to me and get back into your bubble.
