@_author: versionthree3
@_date: 2013-04-04 04:52:26
This. Value of bitcoins as a currency in USD is this:
average volume of real purchases in USD * average time bitcoins are held before retraded
Rest is just speculation and relying on other people to sit there holding their coins. It has every mark of a bubble. IMO as soon as silkroad goes the bottom will drop out. From what I can tell SR represents most of the market where people are buying bitcoins to actually purchase things and due to the nature of the market the transaction times are long from initial bitcoin purchase until those same coins are back on the market. Early adopters who are up shitloads will start selling and it will just induce panic selling all the way down from speculators. 
Honestly I don't think that many people are really interested in bitcoins for day to day purchases. I'm never going to pick it over my credit card which offers me: 1. Cashback 2. significant protection against scams 3. instant usage 4. no managing of wallets 5. 30 day free credit
People buying for silkroad don't give a fuck. It's long been shown that demand for drugs is fairly price inelastic. As long as the currency doesn't go down by much in the time it takes them to make a purchase they don't give a fuck so they'll happily keep providing a steady stream of buyers at any price. As soon as it starts dropping though I think a lot of people will hold off on purchases until it stabilizes so even if SR goes down for say only a week that might be enough to trigger a crash.
At the end of the day there is no real valuable underlying asset. You're just relying on everyone sitting around saying "Hey yeah I think these are worth a lot" or significant increases in it's use as a currency for purchasing things.  When you invest in companies you are investing in real hard tangible assets that generate revenue. Here you are investing in the idea of value. 
Maybe all the sudden people start using bitcoins as a day to day currency but honestly I just don't see that happening and I think there will be regulatory movement against the currency if it does start to see more widespread use. 