@_author: versanick
@_date: 2013-11-22 02:00:12
Holy fuck, I installed Aloha for 5 years.
You have to do it as a foreign currency (much like how I installed plenty of systems in Canada, and put in an exchange rate).
I forget if it's in Maintenance &gt; Store Settings and somewhere in there (I'd have to play with Aloha Manager on the back office computer).
Then you have to set it up in maintenance &gt; Payments &gt; Tenders to create a tender, and Maintenance &gt; Payments &gt; (I forget) to set up the right currency.
Under Maintenance &gt; Labor &gt; Job Codes to make sure that if anyone has specific tenders they can use, that it's in there (labor groups have tenders selected, possibly).
Totally possible. I could configure it if I were in there, but I don't have Aloha to play with, so I don't have it in front of me.
100% chance your POS company could do it for an hour of labor (which was $135 in Buffalo, NY) or way less.
Setting it up through the POS is one step. The next step is to use the Zon (or whatever device) to take the payment. 
To have the total (in BitCoin) printed on the bill is possible as well, but it will require some simple customizations to be written. But anyone in Aloha knows how to do that. (if they're worth their salt).
You could list the total price in Bitcoin as well as Dollars, if you like.
Don't know how you'd collect/figure out sales tax though. That's a tougher issue. You can't really pay Sales Tax in Bitcoins, but it will calculate Sales Tax as normal with your currency (tender). So your boss will just pay (in $) the total sales tax necessary I suppose.
@_date: 2013-11-22 02:02:18
The POS industry is like the armpit of software development.
Slow moving, underpaid guys, and people that don't like their job.
Aloha was made in like 1995 and still gets band-aids to make it run. It works best on NetBEUI (that's not a joke). It's a seriously terrible flat-file-sharing-to-write-one-transaction-log-thats-a-text-file piece of shit.
It's a lot nicer than Micros (in my opinion) though less customizable.
The newer POS's will be earlier adopters of the INTEGRATED (on the same POS machine) solutions, BUT, using external payment systems, and tendering them through Aloha or Micros could EASILY be done right now.