@_author: vertach
@_date: 2014-04-28 09:10:57
How does the Bitcoin protocol determine which transactions will form a block? From what I understand, groups of nodes will create multiple blocks at once, and then whichever group finds a hash below the target first adds their block to the blockchain, broadcasts it to the network, and shortly after the whole system starts hashing the portion of the blockchain with their block included in it.
Also, is it true that nodes in the system will gather transactions with priority given to those transactions with the largest transaction fees attached to them? I've heard that adding a transaction fee when you send bitcoins to a wallet will cause it to be verified faster, whereas transactions with no fee attached can take several days to be verified.
Can someone provide some more detail if these are not exactly how Bitcoin works?
@_date: 2014-07-25 16:17:05
If the app wants to make it much harder for sniffers to relate a bitcoin address going over the air to the person who's running the app, they can just use SSL/TLS to encrypt the traffic and then they should be fine. Remember though that it's common knowledge how many bitcoins are in a specific address. You can go to blockchain.info, click on a block, scroll down to the list of transactions and click on one of the tx's output addresses to see the balance in that wallet. Bitcoin is pseudoanonymous, not totally anonymous.
@_date: 2014-07-17 20:43:41
How can you answer Yes to the first question and No to the second, when they are the same question? Why can you add 80 bytes of data using the op return opcode, but you can't include a message in the bitcoin transaction. Can't you use those 80 bytes to send a message?
@_date: 2015-01-04 17:56:52
This is THE BEST visualization for past BTC market depth data I've seen. Thank you for making this. I'm spreading it around the interwebs now.
@_date: 2016-01-24 03:09:39
Can you send an email to support so we can PM each other?
@_date: 2016-01-23 19:21:30
This is Alex, I'm the engineer who you've messaged a couple times through BitGo's support channel. I think I see what your problem is. For a little necessary background, check out the following two images:
Both are BitGo Keycards, but they were generated using different types of backup keys (Box B). Note that the first one is an xpub. This because it's a Keycard for a wallet where Keyternal stores the private key of the backup keypair. The second clip is of Box B for a wallet where you chose to generate the backup key client-side and store the private key encrypted on the Keycard.
Are you using a Keycard of the first type to try to recover your wallet? In that case it will not work because Box B does not contain any private key information; only Keyternal has that. A primary reason we offer this manner of splitting keys is so you don't have to worry maintaining your 2 keys. Now if you lose your Keycard and wallet password, you can still get Keyternal and BitGo to recover your funds for you (whereas in the other way of splitting keys, the only route to recovering your key would be to brute force the encryption on Box A).
So, please reply back with if Box B contains only an xpub, or if it's an encrypted blob with fields such as "iv", "v", and "iter". If it contains an xpub, then (by design) you won't be able to use that recovery tool. If it contains an encrypted blob, then we can move forward with debugging this problem.
@_date: 2014-07-25 16:18:23
Yes. Coinbase will always have the private keys of your bitcoins unless you create another address and then use coinbase to transfer the BTC from your coinbase address to your newly created address.
@_date: 2017-03-03 19:34:10
I know these aren't subreddits, but the best place to find and be a part of technical discussion is on the IRC channel  or the bitcoin-dev email list. Just search for them online and you'll find out how to access them. You can subscribe to the emails and they come once or twice a week.
@_date: 2016-09-23 17:38:02
Is it an HD (hierarchal deterministic) address? If not, then you can just perform the same operations any bitcoin library performs on an EC public key to create the address. See this wiki page for what to do:
If it's an HD address, then you will need to know the chaincode and path used to derive child keys from the master xprv/xpub, and keep deriving child keys until you either find it, or you've derived so many you're satisfied it isn't a child of the master xprv/xpub. Read this to educate yourself on how bip32 HD addresses work:
and then use any well known bitcoin library (such as bitcore or bitcoinjs-lib) to help you derive the child keys.