@_author: veryrationalredditor
@_date: 2015-12-05 16:23:35


Sure, you can say that.
Now why don't you prove it for us?
@_date: 2015-12-05 16:49:46
What a garbage headline.  Just an empty quote with no follow-through in context, part of an interview that's mostly hot air and biography.
I'll care about what he says it can do, when he actually uses it to do it.
@_date: 2015-12-05 16:15:08
It tells me he's a rationally self-interested free market actor, working to maximize his own gains and minimize his losses.
Is there something about that which displeases you?
@_date: 2015-12-05 16:36:56
Transactions have been steadily rising with big spikes for a while now.  I don't necessarily see this as a positive thing.
What I'm more interested in is where the money's going.  Who is giving and who is receiving?  What are all these transactions going toward?
@_date: 2015-11-26 15:30:19
In a free market, why should anybody be concerned about "helping the ecosystem" over "harming bitcoin"?  The point is for producers to make money providing value, and for consumers to use their money to get the most value possible.
Here, the "[undercutting] to make a point" is showing to consumers that the producer's attempt at making money off them might not be biggest amount of value.  I don't see why you're insisting other people "do something".  Nobody's goal here was to do something to "help the ecosystem" (it is worth noting how irrational and emotional that sentiment is in the face of a market) and consumers may not have any compelling reason to want to BE producers.  The goal of the post was to inform consumers of a possible over-priced value: a very fair and necessary thing to have well-informed consumers.
If consumers go on to not purchase anymore, they're making an informed and rational decision based on the idea that they would be overpaying for the value offered.  If the producer does not adapt to this new environment, they fail in the face of better value-production or cost-efficiency.  If that "hurts the bitcoin ecosystem", that's sad to hear, but it's also just basic market forces at work.
@_date: 2015-11-21 16:26:00


I don't get this.  Is it not allowed to say a company's idea is bad and/or impractical, explaining why?  Are we just supposed to universally praise 21 Co because they did something, even if the something is considered bad, useless, or worse?


I have some disappointing news for you.


Funnily enough, I can't find any clues on your reddit account history that you even HAVE a business, much less a Bitcoin one.  Why are YOU commenting?  What makes your input and opinion relevant when theirs isn't?  What valid high horse do YOU ride upon?


This assumes "doing this" is something good in the first place and that it MUST be done.  I think most people would prefer to have 21co's (bad) idea die and move on in other directions.
At the end of the day, your comment really could have been "Oh yeah, well let's see you do better".  At least then, unlike with multiple paragraphs, it would be disregarded and ignored as that empty statement tends to be.