@_author: veryberry0
@_date: 2018-12-13 14:25:36
This is my view of the current bear market. It is highly speculative, and therefore should be seen more as a sci-fi narrative rather than actual reality.
I think we all agree that the first part of the bear market, which corresponds to the $20k-$6k move, was completely organic. It is to be expected that big and not-so-big players started to realize gains after an insane run. The market needed to cool down a bit, and go back to focusing in tech rather than price mania.
A few weeks ago, however, $6k fell after some weeks or months of ranging, which gave the impression of it being the bottom. BCH/BSV hashwar started, and both sides needed to defend their position (BSV attacks, BCH defends), having to burn lots of reserves to this effect. It is known that involved players' pockets are deep enough to cause such controversy in the market, which is concerning.
And this is where the sci-fi kicks in. It would not be unthinkable to imagine that big companies such as Samsung or Intel could be backing BSV's side. They have expressed in the media their desire to get in the ASIC mining market (see examples such as [ for Samsung, or [ for Intel).
The biggest producer of ASIC miners, today, is Bitmain, who is well known as one of the key players of BCH. Apparently, TSMC (Taiwan Semiconductors) is one of their main suppliers, who is at the same time a competitor of Samsung and Intel in the semiconductors industry. It would be much smoother for these new players, who as far as I know have no market share in the ASIC mining industry, if Bitmain and TSMC were out of the equation. Especially when Bitmain has also been growing massively in other fields such as AI, which is a strategic one, where the big Nvidia, Intel and AMD also excel ([
There are rumours affirming that Bitmain has attracted a sizeable debt with TSMC (over $1B, but most of it seems to have been paid and current debt would be estimated in $300M), and is at the risk of losing TSMC as a supplier, which would compromise everything. Bitmain is one of their top 10 customers, generating a representative chunk of TSMC's revenue.
I would believe that Bitmain is the target, and negative price action is the mean to neutralizing that target. When Bitmain released their financials because of the IPO, someone could realize that their weakest point would be the large stash of BCH they were holding. Dumping coins massively, and at a high rate, would constrain their position:
\- Altcoins, the biggest losers, lose interest. It is not profitable to mine them anymore, so they become insecure (see Vertcoin's 51% attack a few days ago). Miners go back to mining either ETH (non-ASIC miners) or BTC (ASIC miners).
\- No new investments in mining equipment. It is almost not even profitable to mine BTC anymore in most countries, so basically big manufacturers such as Bitmain cannot make money selling, and have a big stock collecting dust. It is hardware that will deprecate soon.
\- If manufacturers cannot sell their equipment (no income via sales), and also the value of current coins decrease (no gains via coin appreciation), they cannot invest in R&amp;D, basically putting them behind of new players in the market who have not been affected by this meltdown (ie Samsung and Intel. In fact, Bitmain is closing down their operation in Israel, mainly focused in R&amp;D, this week.
Once BTC and BCH price got to a point (low enough) where it is suspected that Bitmain would not be able sustain their operations (mining and retail), a small mining firm, UnitedCorp, probably related to BSV's team somehow, filed a suit against Bitmain (and Roger Ver (BCH), Jihan Wu (Bitmain, BCH), [Bitcoin.com]( (Roger Ver) and Kraken exchange (Roger Ver is an investor). I am unsure how the legal system works in this regard, but I suppose having a legal procedure open could mean restrictions in terms of cash flow or financing operations BCH supporters could need to bring back the price to a point which is sustainable for them, in order to resume ASIC miners sales and be able to mine coins profitably. Bitmain was trying to do an IPO ([ and Kraken is trying to sell part of his business ([ It could be related.
So, in my view, this is all a shakeout to replace the king in the industry, Bitmain, so a new oligopoly in the mining industry can be established. A coup d'êtat. And when Bitmain goes out of business, if it does, the normal operation of the market may resume. I think current price action is trying to choke Bitmain slowly, and margin speculators and altcoins are collateral damage. The market needed a purge anyway. Bitmain is now bleeding money, they owe a lot, and they could potentially be cut off - they are not in a good condition, and they do not seem to have the resources to keep fighting this war. Someone could think the Chinese government could intervene, being Bitmain progressing well in strategic sectors such as AI or having control of the ASIC mining production supply. Who knows.
Remember the news I linked at the beginning of the post in relation to Samsung becoming the manufacturer (as in adopting TSMC's position in relation to Bitmain) of Squire Mining? Yesterday, Squire Mining established his advisory board ([ and guess who the two inaugural members are: Craig Wright and Jimmy Nguyen, both of them from nChain, the company behind BSV. Someone could think Squire Mining wants to take Bitmain's spot, and Samsung as their ally. Craig Wright also repeatedly wrote on his Twitter feed about how many patents his team has filed, and I suspect they could be well related to the mining industry, to lock Squire Mining's position in the market once they dethrone Bitmain. I think Bitmain is about to release his AntMiner S15 in a few days, which uses 7nm technology from TSMC, and Samsung is expected to release a 10nm one during Q2019. But who is going to buy those S15's in the current market environment?
This is probably all bullshit, far-fetched and overthought, but there are way too many coincidences. At least we could have a new meme to talk about to justify market movements, lol. Probably the whole ecosystem is still very overvalued given its current practical utility and this bear market is just organic.
What do you think about this fiction?
@_date: 2018-12-13 17:12:20
In this fiction, BSV is just a war tool, and it is likely to die when this war finishes. A backing company can just provide funding to achieve a purpose. The confirmed part is that Samsung is partnered with Squire Mining, who appointed Craig Wright (BSV) as founder member in the advisory board, as well as another nChain member. nChain is behind BSV.