@_author: vesperfarms
@_date: 2019-08-16 18:07:57
Thanks for the recommendation.  I ended up using opennode, and it was a snap to setup.  Let's hope it works well!
@_date: 2019-08-15 00:13:42
Hah, thanks, we do too!
@_date: 2019-08-18 14:21:47
Omg, you are awesome, thank you!
@_date: 2019-08-16 18:13:12
Just looping back, we did end up adding Monero support.  Not that either of us are great at spreading the word, we did try to give folks resources like Changelly and MyMonero to get started.  Now to see if I can get the word out in the Monero community.
@_date: 2019-08-14 23:46:42
I'll definitely have to look into those.  Square's traditional online payment won't fly, but if customers could use that cash app to buy btc to purchase on our site-- that could be handy.  As for Coingate, I'd not stumbled on them, but we do use woocommerce, so that would be a good fit.
I like the "heading into the future" concept, but while we're not luddites here in Vermont, I'd say most of our in-person customers have been a bit on the "technically challenged" side of the spectrum.  But I'm sure if we can manage to reach a larger audience on the internet, that wouldn't be as much of a problem.
Thanks for the help!
Edit:  It looks like Coingate doesn't work with US organizations.  Too bad, as it looked like a great fit.
@_date: 2019-08-15 14:34:47
Well, there are many places to get CBD oil online (many with the funding to pay the obscene credit card processor fees), so asking prospective customers to find/use a Coinstar machine, wait days/weeks for the CashApp verification process, etc, would likely just cause them to buy somewhere else, unless they already know how great our product is ;)  I suspect the BTC payment route would be exclusively used by the already enlightened crowd.
As for the legality side of things- it's complicated.  In a nutshell, the 2018 Farm Bill declassified all industrial hemp, and hemp derived products, so they are no longer considered a controlled substance, and are not illegal to grow, produce, and sell federally.  The definition of hemp vs "marijuana" is key (as marijuana is still illegal, and both hemp and marijuana are members of the cannabis sativa family)-- marijuana is classified as any member of the cannabis family with 0.3% THC or greater.  So *marijuana* derived CBD products are still federally illegal, but are often sold within states where pot itself is legalized.  This is why we label and lab test all our products to show they have less than 0.3% THC.   As a side note, marijuana plants actually have a very low level of cannabinoids, so they are not really a good choice for making CBD products anyway.
Further to that, hemp growers and producers must be licensed by a state with proper regulatory frameworks in place for the hemp industry, of which there are a handful (Vermont, Colorado, etc).  So, if you operate in a state with the proper regulations in place, and the growers and producers are all properly licensed, then it is legal to sell your CBD products to anyone, nationally.
Some of the problems/concerns that credit card processors and banks have been citing are the push backs on brick and mortar retail shops in Maine**,** where state inspectors mistakenly ordered them to pull all CBD products erroneously citing them as illegal medication under federal law.  Maine state officials subsequently apologized, and said it was a mistake, but the damage was done, I suppose.
Sorry if that was a bit much, but the TLDR: Hemp != Pot, and Hemp based CBD is legal to grow and sell, if you do it right.
@_date: 2019-08-15 03:42:44
Well, I'm certainly not opposed to a private, fungible currency, especially since up until now, that's essentially how our sales have been (cash only).  I suppose this goes back to the "venn diagram" concern- as long as there are enough people interested in/able to use Monero that also want to buy CBD oil, then great.  However, those overlapping folks might be hard to reach, especially since nearly all online advertising bans CBD too (I digress/complain- sorry).
@_date: 2019-08-17 02:06:43
That would be fantastic- thank you.  If you do end up ordering, put a little note in letting me know.  As for advertising, and making a story of it, well we're better at the farming side of things, but it does feel like situations like these are why there's such a need for crypto.