@_author: veterancock
@_date: 2018-06-22 17:25:36
Im not sure what world you live in, but I am not mag dumping an AR in my own home unless theres a guy literally sprinting down the hallway at me.  Thats a LOT of fucking patchwork youre going to be doing, and you could easily injure or kill your neighbors
@_date: 2018-06-22 18:52:05
Ill use a weapon designed for stopping intruders then, not a rifle designed to create injuries instead of destroy life.  The 5.56 round was never designed to be an effective killer.  A 9MM on the other hand, especially a hollow point will deliver ALL of its energy to your unarmored target, while a .223 makes a .22 caliber size hole clean as a whistle straight through them.  You NEVER want your round to penetrate your intended target, that is wasted energy that is not delivered to the person you intend to kill.
I guess it's more of my training, and growing up with weapons that makes me think differently in such a situation.  I just don't see how spraying 30 rounds from an AR is the best choice, unless it is the only choice, in which case I would ask, why on earth do you have an AR-15 for "Home defense" when a medium or small caliber pistol will be immensely more effective in CQB against unarmored targets.
Your choice of weapon and round should fit its purpose.  You don't buy a Ferrari for getting groceries.
@_date: 2018-06-22 19:25:05
Ok, thank you for your input.
Fun fact, the .223 Remington round (or 5.56 NATO which is nearly identical) that most AR-15s are chambered for is illegal in many states to hunt deer because it's considered not sufficiently lethal. (this, much like your "military saying" doesn't really apply to this discussion but since you got an off-topic point, so do I!)
We can ignore the logistics of swinging a 16" or longer barreled rifle around corners in your house, and ignore the fact that you will be effectively deaf (I don't want to fight an intruder while I am deaf, even if he is too) in the short term after firing a full mag without hearing protection.  I concede, and will begin reaching for my AR-15 when I hear bumps in the night.
Military sayings absolutely do not apply to civilian self defense because civilians aren't engaging armored targets at long range.
This isn't meant to offend, but just because you do something your whole life doesn't mean you are an expert or even good at it.  Have you seen people drive?