@_author: vexhi
@_date: 2015-09-23 23:42:31
Usually I agree with most of what Trace says.  I agree with some of his points in the video about confidential transactions.  But I really disagree with him deeply on what he said about a blocksize increase, and about making people want to pay to use Bitcoin.  People should not have to pay much to use Bitcoin, we want to keep the cost of using Bitcoin as low as possible.  The goal is to get more and more people to use Bitcoin, that is what makes the price rise.  People don't want to pay a lot, they want things cheap.  People will buy Bitcoins to take part in the network if the fees are cheap.  But Trace says that the more people that want to pay fees correlates to the market cap.  That may or may not be true depending how you look at it, or could be correlation not causation, but I think its a mistake to think our goal should be getting people to want to pay higher fees.  The goal should be to get fees low as possible so people can use Bitcoin cheaply, then they will buy Bitcoins raising the price.  Less people will buy Bitcoin if the fees are large, which will keep the price down.  Since it seemed Trace was worried about the price.
Also I think he came across as kind of a dick how he attacked Gavin, and people wanting science experiments.  He also comes across as elitist saying only the big money players matter.  This is an open source project and anybody can write code, and support whatever software they want.  Sure money plays a role in it, but its not all about money especially for open source projects, and especially for ones like Bitcoin that are social technologies.  With a social network like Bitcoin each and every player is a player, not just the big whigs.  Also Trace should realize that Fidelity Investments wants to experiment with using the blockchain, but can't flip the switch on their beta program because it will instantly fill Bitcoin's capacity according to Jeff Garzik.  So if Trace cares about big money coming in to raise the Bitcoin price he should support an increase in blocksize ASAP.  There is a reason this debate is front and center and the most important issue right now.
@_date: 2015-09-24 00:22:03
Honestly all I see in your post are a bunch of strawman arguments.  I do not have enough time to refute all of your BS.  My post above speaks for itself.
@_date: 2015-09-24 00:00:31
He also warns about 21inc taking over Bitcoin with majority of hashing power at 24:30 mark: 