@_author: viborg
@_date: 2014-09-03 03:01:39
I have no clue. Can I get an ELI5?
@_date: 2014-08-30 15:20:01
I don't really get much of value from this subreddit at all, it's so ridiculously divergent from reality. I just want to learn a little bit about what's going on with bitcoin now but maybe I need to have a serious think about whether this is the best source of information. 
@_date: 2014-08-30 14:59:25
This subreddit is downright ridiculous isn't it? Is even so extremely biased that they still consider Ayn Rand a truly valuable thinker?
@_date: 2014-09-03 13:36:26
Ok, thanks.
@_date: 2014-08-11 13:32:54
I'm guessing the mentality being voiced here is that taxes are evil? I seriously doubt Bill Hicks would have supported that idea. 
Quick question for all the folks who really think taxes are evil: if government is such a bad thing, seriously, why don't you move to Somalia?
This is actually the first comment I've made in this subreddit. I joined just hoping to learn about bitcoin. Granted a certain level of sensationalism is a given on reddit, but for some reason bitcoin is a topic that seems to appeal to some of reddit's worst biases. The amount of conspiracy theories, paranoid speculation about the government, and wishful thinking about how bitcoin will take over the world really soon, all of this wacko stuff gets up voted here with an apparent religious fervor. I guess I've probably learned all I can about bitcoin from this forum. I should probably just leave all of you to your uber-capitalist circlejerk. Clearly bitcoin has become a cause that attracts some of the most irrational rightwing firebrands. Not saying all of you are like that by any means but the more sensible of you should be aware of the face of bitcoin being presented to the public by the reactionary extremists here. 
@_date: 2014-09-10 04:37:01
He's desperately trying to deploy the standby "no true Scotsman" defense of private prisons. Or something. 
^^Note ^^to ^^self: ^^must ^^not ^^bash ^^the ^^invisible ^^hand ^^in ^^this ^^subreddit. 
@_date: 2014-08-11 14:28:06
It doesn't matter what the previous incarnation of Somalia was, the only thing that matters now is that Somalia is a failed state and as such has no central government. It's the closest thing to a stateless society we have so it seems like a good model of how a totally libertarian country would function. 
You can play semantic games about what exactly constitutes a stateless society, but basically you're just resorting to the standard utopian ideologue's fallback counter-argument which is based on the no true Scotsman fallacy. Whether it's communists, libertarians, Christian dominionists, whatever, when you point to real world examples of how these systems have failed, the most simple-minded counter argument usually used is that the system was not a "true" example of that system. 
You say these warlords are examples of "small governments" but all they really are is petty thugs. Thugs and bullies exist at all levels of society, calling them "small governments" is misleading because there is no actual consent of the governed given. 
Humans are by our nature violent creatures, so yes governments do employ violence to control people. So do corporations, and yet I don't see the same kind of shrill demonization of corporations here as as the reactionary extremists crying for an overthrow of the government. Of course the standard libertarian comeback is that corporations are enabled by the government. 
While it's true that governments provide the legal framework for corporations to operate in, it's not the governments that make corporations possible. It's the markets. These accumulations of capital would exist even without the state to provide the legal framework. If you're not comfortable calling them "corporations" in the absence of government regulation, let's call them stateless accumulations of capital. 
The point is, governments by no means have a monopoly on violence. Corporations have been shown to be very willing to use violence to increase their wealth and there's no reason to think stateless accumulations of capital would act any differently. The difference of course being that democratic governments are at least nominally representative and transparent. Corporations, etc are not bound by these social considerations. 


This is a completely false equivalence. Where did I say that free markets are inherently evil and need to be eliminated? That's exactly the argument you seem to be making about the government, but I didn't say anything like that about the economy. 
Do you believe in the social contract at all? The notion being that governments derive the consent of the governed for the services they provide to the people. Do you just think that society is simply every man for himself and as such we should all strive to exploit each other as much as possible? That it's impossible to have a governing system that has the support of the citizens and that acts to improve the lives of its citizens? That's really the impression I get from some of these comments.
@_date: 2014-09-21 16:25:28
Well obviously they can't block "all of google" because there are probably hundreds of millions of Android users in China.
@_date: 2014-09-25 21:08:26


You might not be aware of this, but reddit's sorting algorithm has some serious flaws. This is a prime example of a flaw in action. 
@_date: 2014-10-03 19:59:19
The same maxim also applies to corporations, doesn't it?
@_date: 2014-10-03 20:24:51
Yeah, the standard libertarian party line, no surprise there. So if the government just ceased to exist tomorrow, the corporations would also automatically disappear because they're just "lines in the tax code"?
@_date: 2014-09-10 05:35:02


This is meant to be in contrast to what? Some market-based system that's completely undemocratic? 