@_author: vickizhou
@_date: 2013-12-20 15:28:50
Thanks for the encouraging words. I see what you mean, and it's a tricky issue. We'll keep looking into this and try to get a better understanding. Unfortunately, I don't have a definitive answer regarding the tax code treatment. There also doesn't seem to be much/clear tax code information on the treatment of bitcoin conversions/usage (even without the WiseBanyan layer). I don't believe the IRS has issued a definitive opinion on how the conversion would be treated.
@_date: 2013-12-20 00:44:16
Definitely. The funding section is one of the last parts of the account sign-up process. So when you choose to fund with 10 BTC, you have already been recommended a portfolio allocation. During the sign-up process, you do have the option of changing your profile and subsequently changing the allocation; however, I'll refer to this as your recommended portfolio. 
If you choose to fund your account with 10 BTC, you would be quoted a USD amount equivalent to the current value of your BTC. Once you confirm, you would send your coins to either our wallet or the wallet of a third-party entity that will also do the BTC to USD conversion, at which point we would instantly convert the coins to USD. (Coinbase would be a potential a third-party provider. For example, if we were to utilize instant exchanges, the coins would not be sent to our wallet). One of the reasons we would instantly convert your coins into USD is that the accounts have SIPC insurance for up to $250,000 in cash, making it more secure.
Once your the BTC to USD transaction has cleared, we would create the recommended portfolio of index ETFs (exchange traded funds) for you using these funds. The ETFs are traded on exchanges like the New York Stock exchange, so this would occur on the nearest trading day. In your account, we would provide confirmations for the transactions, including the securities purchased, the amount purchased, and the price at which they were purchased at. For the USD to BTC conversion we would also confirm the conversion rate and the amount of USD. 
Once these transactions have occurred, you will have a portfolio of ETFs giving you exposure to different markets and asset classes, including U.S. equities, international equities, and fixed income. You would be able to log into your WiseBanyan account any time to see your portfolio and where it stands. 
In terms of withdrawal, if your request for withdrawal is for more than the amount of USD available in your account, we would liquidate the amount of ETFs needed to meet the withdrawal request amount. Once the securities are sold and you have USD available in your account, we would process the transfer. If you request the withdrawal in USD, we would transfer the funds into your linked bank account. If you request the withdrawal in BTC, we would offer the option of withdrawing your available funds in BTC using a similar exchange method. 
Hope this is helpful. 
@_date: 2013-12-19 23:21:27
To clarify, are you asking about what happens before or after the portfolio investment process?
@_date: 2013-12-20 14:16:52
Thanks for the question. When you withdraw, the amount of BTC would depend on the USD/BTC conversion rate at that point in time.
@_date: 2013-12-20 03:24:28
eof, thanks for the feedback! You have a good point. In your case since you can convert to cash pretty easily, you might consider this feature boring. (As a sidenote, we currently do offer accounts to be funded with checking and savings accounts.) We do want to get a sense of whether others who would find this additional bitcoin-funding feature convenient, especially if it was all through our platform as one part of our streamlined signup process.
Like they say, "nothing is certain in life but death and taxes." We work hard at minimizing tax consequences with our current offering. We minimize portfolio churn and actively chose ETFs over mutual funds in part because of the tax benefits. Due to differences in structure, ETFs typically incur significantly less capital gains tax than mutual funds. Plus, capital gains tax on the ETF happens upon the actual liquidation of the ETF (though you still have to pay taxes on the dividends); whereas in mutual funds, if the manager trades the underlying securities in the mutual fund, the potential tax consequences are passed onto the investor.
We're already extremely excited about what we're doing at WiseBanyan. Thank you for the suggestion too!
@_date: 2013-12-20 15:33:29
Also, good point about the office space or expenses in general. We are are very conscious about being efficient, lean, and scalable - one of the reasons we are able to dramatically lower expenses for clients. It's also one of the reasons we are here for feedback and interest; we want to build features that people really want to use.
@_date: 2013-12-20 03:12:17
Thank you for the feedback. These are good questions. Right now, we do not offer bitcoin-related products to invest in. 
The feature we're proposing is focused on lowering the barrier to investing and we believe it will make WiseBanyan even more convenient for clients. 
We do, however, consistently research and analyze the ETF offerings available, and will continue to do so. As just a part our normal due diligence, there are a number of items we look into and consider, a few of which I would say are very applicable when researching the  Winklevoss ETFs. I'll include these at the end in case it's TL.
I would defer to an accountant/CPA on BTC capital gains. The securities in our investment portfolio are subject to taxes similar to those in other brokerage accounts. However, we work hard to minimize tax consequences. We believe in passive indexing, actively trading the underlying securities, which is helpful. Tax is another factor we took into consideration when choosing ETFs over mutual funds. With ETFs you can minimize tax consequences until the ETF itself is liquidated (which means more money to grow in your portfolio), whereas mutual funds pass tax consequences onto the investor. 
Potential: TL(DR) section 
While I do not know much about the Winkelvoss ETF, here are some items I think should still be considered. Diversification is one area we believe in strongly. Fees and expense ratios are another area. We dislike high fees! (Many of the securities in our portfolios have fees of 0.05-0.10%. Based on the trust's SEC S-1 filings, the trust did not disclose their proposed fee structure, but I believe SecondMarket has a bitcoin fund that charges a pretty hefty fee (1.5% front-end, 2% annual fee, and 1.5% back-end.. 5% in fees). Lastly, security. From my basic understanding of their proposed ETF structure, they are trying to create something similar to a commodity based ETF (like a Gold ETF). The ETF will have a price that tries to mimic the price of bitcoins by buying and holding bitcoins. According to the S-1, the trustee will be the custodian of the bitcoins, which means they will be holding the bitcoins. A big security concern: how secure is the trustee? Especially since they will be holding the underlying assets. "The loss or destruction of a private key required to access a Bitcoin may be irreversible. The Trust’s loss of access to its private keys or its experience of a data loss relating to the Trust’s Bitcoins could adversely affect an investment in the Shares." Also, would SIPC insurance apply to accounts holding this ETF? 
