@_author: victordove
@_date: 2018-10-29 03:58:40
Our goal to increase mass adoption is to allow people to use any crypto to pay less for their purchases in the stores where they usually shop [ contact me if you want to help us.
@_date: 2018-10-29 04:17:24
Our approach to achieve mass adoption is to allow people to use any crypto to pay less for their purchases in the stores where they usually shop - [ \- We finished our MVP and are building our community. Contact me if you want to help us.
@_date: 2018-10-25 10:50:06
Imagine a PayPal like service that grants you a discount on all your purchases and allows you to pay either with crypto or fiat. We combine fiat and crypto in a way that they're not mixed, in other words, if you are buying online and decide to use Valsto as your payment method, you'll have to chose one of the funding accounts that you have previously linked to your Valsto account. So, if you choose your crypto wallet, then our platform works as bitpay or coinbase. And if you choose your bank account or credit card, our platform will work like PayPal. Both ways exist today but a combination of both plus a discount on the top of your purchase is what makes our method more attractive for buyers.
cex.io is one of the many exchanges that our platform can use to convert crypto to fiat which is the only conversion we use. We do not offer cryptowallet, sell cryptocurrencies  or convert fiat to crypto. We only receive crypto from buyers and use exchanges around the world to convert crypto to fiat for paying online stores the products sold. Thus we don't need KYC/AML from members
Let's say that you're buying a $100 USD printer at [bestbuy.com]( if you pay directly with your credit card or bank account you'll pay $100. But if you pay with Valsto, which already has the same credit card or bank account linked to it, you'll pay $90. So my question is, What payment method would you pay with?
That's the great benefit that Valsto brings to the buyers.
We built our platform and it's ready to be tested. You can test driving it at [beta.valsto.com](
If you want to receive Valsto tokens, please support the project at [ with a minimun donation of $25 you can request any amount of available tokens.