@_author: victortayguara
@_date: 2018-02-15 04:17:46
Inkle, I'm not sadly not interested in making that bet, Peter Drucker said, there's the risk you should never run, and the risk you should never give up.
But for me it is too much, seeing from inside a large corporation, I can only see a kind of manipulation of the big players, which in the end will destroy small investors.
Maybe i'm seeing a new real estate bubble, but I'm willing to be wrong.
@_date: 2018-02-15 20:49:57
Wow, excellent contribution, I just had another question.
In that scenario then, in which more currencies would be sustained. The only person who would bring a kind of prejudice would be those who do the intermediation, correct?
Because they all charge to turn printed money or money in bank accounts or orther usual ways into crypto-coins.
@_date: 2018-02-15 04:09:45


Hi Tub, I already read it, but I appreciate the answer. I'm trying to understand why, because I deal with several clients who want to take all their savings and invest in it. And the last time this type of fever happened in Brazil, it was in the crash of savings, where several people even committed suicide, why would not recover their savings.
@_date: 2018-02-15 02:39:19
You need to have a demand, to provide, and an offer to meet a demand. The new generation of marketing has begun to create demands. And in several areas these demands are not healthy. And it is what I am seeing in these crypto-coins, demands are created, so that you can have a growing supply, the problem is the sustainability of this demand and supply.
See that mining practice not only affects the environment, but also the cost of energy, the internet, technology involved in the process, among many others.
Why does Visa, for example, process thousands of transactions per second in its thousands of centers around the world? Because that was the reason for its creation. When we say that crypto-coins will innovate the way we do these kinds of interactions, are not we just trying to "insure," "hide," "facilitate," what other companies already do?
@_date: 2018-02-15 02:26:34
So, but what prevents other people from continuing to create different codes, in different ways, as you said. And if nothing prevents this, how sustainable is this style of business, for both the investor and the planet?
Today there are more than 1000 crypto-coins in the world, all of them to be acquired require intermediation. To be created, they require a high energy expenditure and investment in order to have added value.
@_date: 2018-02-15 02:24:14
Yes, without doubt my knowledge is superficial. But when it comes to the blockchain network concept, that kind of idea is not new.
When you say about the price, unfortunately I can not agree with you. What is making this great price variation is mere speculation.
Like I said, there is no free lunch in the corporate world. Someone will always lose so someone else can win.
I'm not discussing warranties or anything, and I would even like to have a currency not regulated by governments tax-free or outside control. Just see, in order to buy bitcoins, you will always use an intermediary, to sell as well. If you want to mine it will have a high initial cost, outside the maintenance depending on where you live.
If the price were fixed I would even understand you using all that processing power to have a unique sequence that was worth some value. But the doubt is, why use so much processing power in something that is not the end-activity of many people? Could not this energy expenditure be used in any other better way?
@_date: 2018-02-15 02:28:26
I would understand if it had a practical application like you said, but without it it gets difficult.
@_date: 2018-02-15 02:34:03
Bit, no it is not, underdeveloped countries usually have cheaper energy by charging much more expensive in other things. See for example, I live in Brazil, the energy cost here makes small-scale mining unfeasible. What is going on? Several people are taking all their savings, illegally entering neighboring countries and setting up mining sheds, to work with cryptomoedas.
Even if the person researches on the subject, it is not possible to have a clear answer to my question, because this concept, utopian blockchain network, for me, and this is a personal opinion and that may be wrong, would never be accepted by any sovereign government.
One thing was the bitcoin of years ago, which was not to have control, to have privacy and not to be monitored, today this market is no more than speculation, big investors make bets, and people with little knowledge end up losing money, in a very bad mass maneuver.
@_date: 2018-02-15 20:44:09
I do not advise or participate in funds or assets linked to cryptomoedas. I did not say before to not sound like something of business, my doubt is more technical and not so related to the financial profit aspect.
I see them doing this and I try not to get involved, even because, many times I can end up as the villain of history.
The idea blind them, here we have investments that get to aprox 14%/semester of return, without risk of loss. Then the person thinks he knows everything about bitcoin because some famous website said on the internet that this is the best investment and bum bye bye money.
Interest itself is knowledge. And a reflection, including the price increase of several products tied to mining. Cant even play PUBG in 4k because that rise in the prices of the GPU hahahah
@_date: 2018-02-15 02:54:04


If you could answer the main question it would be great, because maybe i dont know a lot of cryptocoin, but maybe in financial and corporate i have a little Knowledge.
"What are the uses for the calculations made by crypto-coins?" in the broad sense, of course, a practical application, for example, several supercomputers make daily calculations, in relation to moving celestial bodies, sending rockets to space, among other physical applications.
@_date: 2018-02-15 04:12:25
Hash, thanks for the reply. I agree with what you said in the last paragraph about freedom. But will not there be thousands of these coins soon enough, and eventually one will be the best of all, for gathering the best qualities, and all the others will fall and take damage to all who believed them?
The concept of crypto-currencies is great, but at the moment I can only see it as mere speculation on the big players.