@_author: vidagenesis
@_date: 2015-03-22 07:38:26
There is a very simple solution to this problem. Simply use a different mining algorithm. 
@_date: 2015-03-22 07:40:38
You can get all those things with a SQL database and be a bajillion times more efficient. There is absolutely no need to mine when you control all the nodes. The purpose of mining is to come to a consensus, and when you have a central decision making body, consensus is a non issue. Thus mining solves a problem that doesn't exist. 
@_date: 2015-03-21 17:26:43
Actually, scratch that. The way I described earlier allows the server to collude by impersonating other players. The way you need to do it is like this:
1) Server and all players generate a random number
2) Server and all players publish the hash of their random number
3) All players publish their random number. Server keeps its number secret. Each player verifies that the random number hashes to their published hash in  This is so that the server cannot pick a specialized random number *after* learning a legitimate players random number. 
4) Server generates random seed from all players random numbers and its own. 
5) Knuth Shuffle algorithm with random seed determines the order of the deck
6) Game is played with generated deck
7) Server publishes its random number. Each player verifies that the hash of this number matches  and each player now has enough information to generate the random seed. 
8) Each player verifies that the deck was generated appropriately, and that the ensuing game used the cards in the correct order. 
@_date: 2015-03-22 06:46:58
Hmm, yeah learning other players strategy after the fact I suppose is problematic, but as I see it, far less of a problem than the fact that the server can scam the players with essentially zero repercussions and risk of being caught. 
You could also reduce the problem of learning other players strategies by only revealing all the information after all rounds have been played, and then by creating anonymous user accounts for each game, so that players can never associate your account with a particular style of playing until after they have finished playing you, and they'll associate that old ID with the one you play with next time. 
@_date: 2015-03-21 17:10:57
Basically the exact same way Just-Dice works. Before each round, the server publishes a hash of its random number. Then, random numbers  of all players are combined with the server random number to create a random seed. The random seed is used in the Knuth Shuffle algorithm to shuffle the deck. After the round is over, the Server publishes the random seed, each players random number, and the server seed. Each player can then verify that the order of the cards was as expected by generating the root seed, and executing the Knuth Shuffle algorithm. 
@_date: 2015-03-22 08:57:07
"Mental Poker" is completely different than what I have proposed. Mental poker attempts to remove a trusted third party altogether, instead of simply proving that the trusted third party has acted justly and fairly as I have proposed.  
@_date: 2015-03-19 07:21:49
His statement is obvious to anybody who actually thinks about it for 5 seconds. 
@_date: 2015-03-21 08:16:46
Is SWC provably fair?
@_date: 2015-03-21 16:48:47
Seems to me that all you need to do is prove that the cards are generated in a random fashion, similar to how [Just-Dice]( works (Go to "Fair?" Tab and read up on the details).
Users of Just-Dice can verify after rolling the dice that the server used the appropriate random seed. It would need to be a little more complicated with poker, but basically you would just publish the algorithm used to determine the order of the deck given a particular random seed, and users could then verify (after the fact) that order of the cards was as it ought to have been. The key point is that the root random seed would include random numbers generated from each player combined with a server random number, this way the only way to collude is to have all players and the server collude together, which would obviously be silly. Obviously players can share information with each other, but there is nothing that can be done to stop that in any situation, not even real life.  
@_date: 2015-03-19 07:12:54
Open Bazaar is vaporware and always will be. The Architecture is a disaster. 
@_date: 2015-03-22 06:52:17


I don't see how learning an anonymous players strategy for a single game is worse than the fact that the house can scam any and all players at any time with zero repercussions and zero chance of getting caught. In my admittedly anectdotal experience, the number one reason people don't play Poker online is because there is inherent distrust in the fairness of the sites themselves, and frankly with good reason.
Besides, if the site generated random user names for each game, players would never be able to associate a particular playing style with a person because each player has a new name every game, and you could simply extend the revelation of the seed information until the end of the game, instead of after each round. 
I would be surprised if people were more afraid of revealing a temporary strategy as an anonymous user than getting scammed by a poker site. 
Also, this entire set of logic could be implemented quite easily with some basic javascript. All we're really doing here is generating random numbers and hashing. I haven't coded up a poker site, but I'm imagining that all the UI work and backend database work would be far more complicated and take significantly more time than implementing this protocol. Both the hashing and the random number generation would be done by open source libraries, so really all you're coding up is a simple state machine of back and forth requests between the clients and the server. 