@_author: viggers619
@_date: 2017-07-30 17:14:45


If the network is congested you pay more to get your transaction in.  The number of people paying high fees is directly related to how long transactions are taking or how full the blocks are.  They're also the transactions that should get confirmed first.  High fee transactions tells you more about the network than you're admitting.
The highest level of unconfirmed transactions in the last few days was around 10K.  Most of April saw that level of unconfirmed transactions.  Are we now saying that the network was congested for an entire month?  If so what about the approximately 4K unconfirmed right now?  Is that also congested?  If so, the network is constantly congested.
Find me another exchange that says there's congestion on the network.  There isn't one because the network isn't congested.
@_date: 2017-07-30 20:45:54


Sure if by 2 weeks you mean they do absolutely no contingency planning for something that was known to be being discussed months ago at least.  BIP 148 was a known event that had the potential to cause a chain split, much like BCC is doing.  If they were properly planning for BIP 148 they'd have had a plan in place for BCC already.
That they need 12+ hours to process transactions now means they didn't plan properly for a known event.


No.  Customers may delay doing anything for as long as possible.  As a service provider you have to be prepared for events that are expected.  If I'm paying fees to send transactions, then they should be able to be sent when I pay for them, not when you get around to it.


Obviously they weren't.  They're the only exchange that is having trouble sending out transactions precisely because they weren't ready for a large influx of transactions, yet it should be an expected event close to the date.
@_date: 2017-07-30 17:39:37


It absolutely is related.  If blocks are filling up you'll pay more to ensure your transaction gets included in a block.  There can be full blocks with 1s/B transactions, but if the network is congested because of completely full blocks you'll pay more to get your transaction confirmed first.  This leads to more people willing to pay more so the level of fees rises.


Then you're also contending that the network was congested between about mid dec 2016 (if not earlier) and mid march 2016 as the mempool size was equal to or exceeded the last few days.
EDIT:  Honestly, look at the all time chart with 50s/B or more in fees.  You'll see when the network is congested and when it isn't.
@_date: 2017-07-30 16:52:49
I absolutely understand what you're talking about.  Filter out everything except the highest few tiers of fees on the chart and you'll see that this number of unconfirmed transactions has existed since early March.  If the network is congested then it has been for months and at a fairly continuous rate.
@_date: 2017-07-30 21:39:37
I both read and understand what you were saying.  But if you actually look at it from a business standpoint they were obviously not ready to handle anything close to this level of demand on their systems.
When you tell people to come take out your funds you should already have the funds to cover any level of transactions up to complete liquidation.  That they didn't means they were not ready.
Why do you keep saying that this is an acceptable way to do business?
@_date: 2017-07-30 20:07:37
No I'm asking you why the biggest exchange with the most customers wasn't prepared for a known event.
@_date: 2017-07-30 16:16:56
It is absolutely not a true statement.  There is no congestion or else the network is constantly congested.  They're lying instead of telling people that they need to move funds to send out the transaction.
@_date: 2017-07-30 21:31:06


Exactly, the results of their actions tells everyone what the facts are.
The plan was to delay broadcasting transactions for double digit hours?  Wow what great service they setup.
They told everyone to take their coins out if they wanted, yet didn't have the funds to send out.  That's awful planning at best.
@_date: 2017-07-30 22:10:49


Which your entire post boils down to.
I never said "instant processing".  I said they should have already had the funds in place.  I want them to be able to send transactions as they are requested, not have to wait for them to get around to it because the funds aren't available.  When I say "cover funding" i don't mean waiting for a day for them to transfer the funds.  I mean being able to broadcast a transaction when it is requested.
Usually their hot wallet can handle it.  This is a special situation and they obviously weren't ready for it.  


I understand that.  But again this isn't like walking into the bank and asking for 30K out of the blue.  These levels of transactions should have been expected by them when they made the announcement.  That means they should have had funds in place already.  Essentially what you're saying is that it's ok because in a fractional reserve system a bank may not have the funds available to you, which is why bank runs are a problem.  Well this is like a bank run in crypto, except it was known in advance and the funds could have already been available.
If we're going to start using what's acceptable for banks to do with what crypto exchanges do then there's no difference between them anymore.
@_date: 2017-07-30 21:52:10


I want them to create whatever number of transactions required so that they can be a useful service.  They allow full withdrawals of funds at any time, so they should be able to service those withdrawals in a reasonable period.  At the speed of crypto double digit hours to even broadcast a transaction is not reasonable.


If they don't have funds to cover all of their customer's deposits and then some they're essentially insolvent.  So yes that's not a good way to run their business, but that's not what I'm saying.  They should be able to cover funding all of their customers for the full amount of their withdrawals at any time unless they're going to start putting daily withdrawal limits, which many exchanges have.
  


Well since presumably coinbase isn't running a fractional reserve system what does that have to do with anything?  
@_date: 2017-07-30 16:03:47
They part that everyone is saying is a lie is the first sentence of the announcement.  There is no congestion on the network, so why would they say there was?
@_date: 2017-07-30 22:17:53
In what way is transfering funds that you expect to need ahead of time not a good security practice?  It's not going to allow unauthorized access to their cold storage since you'd still require approval to move the funds to the hot wallet anyway.  They just would have done it a few days ago and all these people would be happy instead of upset that they're so delayed.
Transfering funds to the hot wallet on each day is no more secure than transfering from multiple cold wallets once.
@_date: 2017-07-30 21:21:43


Yes.  Being able to get to their cold storage shouldn't be easy, but at the same time they told their customers that if they wanted to take their coins out they should.  They literally knew this type of activity on their system was possible yet clearly don't have the ability to handle it.  It would be different if there was some unknown issue in the bitcoin network and everyone was panicking, but that's not the case.  This is an event that is known and should have been prepared for especially given that they announced their plans and told people to take out their funds if they wanted.  They should have had the funds in place before they sent out the email, not after.


And you obviously don't understand that it doesn't matter.  If there is potential for many or all your customers to want to withdrawal their funds, really for any reason, you should be able to handle it.  Just because the two events are not exactly the same does not prevent Coinbase from having means to handle large amounts of withdrawals.  They knew this was coming and now can't handle the volume.  




And yes, it is weekend.
Which is exactly why it should have been set before.  This is literally why contingency plans exist.  Coinbase is caught with their pants down because they didn't setup or execute their plans properly.
BTW it's called being on call.  Lots of companies have policies for this that allow smooth operation.  Coinbase is clearly not one of them.  I wouldn't be surprised to see a lot of customers never come back because of this.
@_date: 2017-07-30 16:38:47


This is a baseline level of unconfirmed transaction that occur constantly.  If this is a "congested" network, then it is always congested, yet only now is there an issue with sending transactions.  


Of course, but that's not the same thing as saying the network is congested.  There's no more congestion than usually exists, but now it's being used as cover for something else, which is unnecessary.
@_date: 2017-07-30 20:57:42


Thank you for reading my post.
I'm disagreeing with that assertion.


It's exactly like the other.  You shouldn't wait to figure out what you're going to do until it happens.  Planning ahead, especially for events that have a known potential to occur is what being a business is about.  Contingency planning is necessary.  If there is potential for a chain split it should be expected that people would not leave their coins on a third-party site.  That the chain split is coming from BCC and not BIP 148 is irrelevant.


Yes but if they think they're going to be able to send out all transactions in 14 hours why can't they do it now?  There's only going to be more transactions as we get closer to the cutoff, not less.


No I mean as compared to their size.  If coinbase can't handle its transaction base then it will no longer have them.
@_date: 2017-06-15 05:36:56
I don't think a check becomes a bearer instrument until it is endorsed
@_date: 2017-07-30 19:56:10
Okay so why is coinbase the only exchange that is saying they're having delays because of congestion?  Network congestion should affect all transactions, not just one exchange right?
Oh and as for their 14 hour guarantee...I'm waiting going on 16+ hours for a transaction to even be broadcast.  It has nothing to do with congestion on the network and everything to do with congestion on their system.