@_author: viking_harold
@_date: 2018-09-02 15:24:56
That's the problem--the reference point. If we're stuck in very bad surroundings financially, we don't think much of other issues or good causes. Being buried in debt means that you have no motive to dig yourself out of it, unfortunately. Every dollar is a struggle to make ends meet.
I'm not sure about the power of Bitcoin to undo these situations because it will struggle to be widely accepted as an alternative to our debt driven fractional reserve system because the banks see it as a threat and will make it appear that way. But even if it fails, at least we know how to do it better next time.
@_date: 2018-09-15 12:51:01
You can't find a direct correlation between any two assets. Sure, you might say that Bitcoin is inversely correlated with stocks, tech stocks, USD, safe haven assets, or the phase of the moon. And you'll certainly be able to find patterns, but you'll also find anomalies. 
Even in well established markets you can never find perfect correlations. The bond market won't signal the next recession, but the Fed raises interest rates to force money out of it and into more risky assets. Tesla is just another speculative tech asset that money flows in and out of. It just happened to follow an inverse pattern to Bitcoin in this (very small) sample.
@_date: 2018-09-21 08:07:24
Yeah I agree with you. We can't ignore it, but we shouldn't be freaking out about it either. I think people are just getting frustrated with endless questions WHENS DA ETF GONNA POP??? from people who don't have any idea what an ETF is, let along how blockchain works. The popularity of Bitcoin attracted an enormous amount of people, but on the downside, a lot of those people aren't serious about it, nor do they have any idea who Satoshi is. So I understand the frustration, but it goes both ways. Institutional investment is necessary for the longevity of Bitcoin 
@_date: 2018-09-05 15:03:55
No, the price is growing for Iran because their currency is devaluing faster than Bitcoin is losing money. The sanctions haven't been treating them too well and they are faced with devaluation yet again to avoid default. 
This is a curious response from Iran to the crisis they are facing. They're basically telling the Fed and USD hegemony to go and shove it. More nations choosing to adopt crypto is good news, if they can do it in a decentralized and fair way. What would happen if China decided to adopt it instead of buying US bonds? The entire US empire would go bankrupt!
@_date: 2018-09-08 16:11:49
Yeah I'd be careful with this. Not good enough news to trade from, but still something to watch. I'd like to see something more reliable than altcoins hitting an all time low as a reason to trade. The problem with most altcoins is that they're entirely speculative and have no real-world application behind them. So they skyrocketed off of initial anticipation, then everyone dumped them when they saw that they aren't actually useful. There needs to be more of a fundamental boost to get this market rolling again.
@_date: 2018-09-06 18:05:08
Haha good analogy. Yes, it's very unlikely at this point that either would happen. China needs to export to survive, and the US enables that. Same with Saudi petrol. The US bond is a stable trade tool that works very well, just like the dollar is the most useful cash to have in your pocket in any corner of the world. 
But that situation could change at any time. Maybe not tomorrow, maybe not in our lifetimes, but it will have to. The US economy is growing based on job data that is falsely inflated by part-time and freelance jobs which is forcing people to work 2, even 3 jobs just to pay the bills. Pensions are struggling, corporations are running out of space for buybacks. So we may not see China adopt bitcoin, but they'll certainly propose an alternative.
@_date: 2018-09-23 10:33:52
Why is it that every institutional trader I speak with about Bitcoin sneers at me and says it's manipulated and unstable? Then when I ask how, they always cite Tether. But no one can explain it. They just say that every time there is a ridiculous move in Bitcoin, it's because of Tether.
But wouldn't that make sense, if you want to buy or sell a boatload of Bitcoin, that you could just do it through Tether... so the "manipulation" they speak of is just a vehicle for transmitting money. The reason the movement is so large is because the market cap is so small. It's like calling the USD manipulative because it causes movements in the Nasdaq.
@_date: 2018-08-31 15:42:19
Yeah like what was that exchange that dumped several million through tether the moment another one closed down for maintenance? Foolish moves like this make bitcoin look like a mafia run currency. 
Not that an ETF would do it any good. It's just one step closer to trying to put a Wall Street leash on bitcoin, which is not possible as far as I'm concerned. These foolish institutional investors who are on the sidelines sitting on their hands talking about how "it resonates with them when clients are interested in bitcoin as a store of value" (GOLDMAN!) should just bite the bullet and get a bloody wallet. It's not that hard.