@_author: vikingberserk
@_date: 2015-10-20 09:01:50
I'm currently doing research on blockchain technologies for a financial services infrastructure provider in my country, and I'll try to quickly type out a post about what I've found so far. Hopefully it will make a bit of sense
At the moment, many (smaller) banks actually do not know much about the technology itself. The big international banks however, are currently seeing potential for massive cost reductions, and that means big money for them if they can figure it out. I believe expectations are a bit hyped at the moment, but it is not unsubstantiated hype. 
As mentioned, the banks are looking into the settlement and securities market, as there are the potential to save billions of dollars in this market. 
But there are also opportunities for real-time payments systems, something there is a massive drive for within the European Union (where I live). Making a system that would allow for real-time settlement between banks (better and cheaper than what we have today) will most likely lead to massive societal benefits (at least that is the dream). 
What bankers do not want, is the anonymity and unaccountability of the open bitcoin network. In the banking world, following regulations such as Anti-money laundering and Know-your-customer, is **massively** important. Failure to follow these will not only result in lost profit in terms of fines, but also they risk losing their banking licenses by the government. The Bitcoin Blockchain is built on the ideal of censorship resistance and (partial) anonymity, which does not fit with the banks modus operandi.
So to try to sum up this quickly thrown together post: I believe there is a nice potential for Bitcoin for fringe innovations. They will make it easier for a small amount of consumers that require anonymity and protection from governments. But for the banks this goes against their position of trust in society (even after the financial crisis), but they still want the benefits of the technology. That's why they are investing and researching in a standard they *all* can follow, because they believe this technology can solve a lot of the problems they couldn't solve when they developed their legacy infrastructure.
TLDR: "Banks want what they believe to be the best parts of blockchain tech, not the rest"
@_date: 2015-10-20 09:11:38
I'm going to quote Vitalik Buterin's blog post about public vs private blockchains here, as he makes a lot of good points: [source](








The point is: Banks/Fintech-startups are taking what they think is the best parts of the Bitcoin/Blockchain technology, and adapting it for their own use. If it's the right decision; only time will tell. I certainly believe so.