@_author: villouros
@_date: 2014-04-03 11:48:12
The link:
Translated as best I could:
Neo&amp;Bee: The fall before the rise
The heavily advertised Neo&amp;Bee whose goal was to conduct transactions with the digital currency Bitcoin has closed.
The reality behind the reasons the, despite everything else, enthusiastic Danny Brewster abandoned the company and country will probably never be discovered. He claims threats against the life of his child and this may be valid since management executives claim that they do not know where capital has come from for the 5 months the company has been operating. As they report, the company didn’t even have an active bank account.
At the same time, D. Brewster seemed to have maintained his excitement over the entire venture, constantly planning the next steps.
Recently, in addition to the 11 people the company had working for it in the management team; they went forward with the hiring of another 14 people to work in the store and at the call-center. The positive thing is that there have not been any transactions through Neo and Bee in Cyprus since the software system was not yet completed.
Exposed by the entire story are the workers that have not been paid for the month of March and some of them bought Bitcoin with the personal guarantees of Danny Brewster as well as company suppliers which have been left unpaid. At the same time, it appears that some of them invested in Bitcoin which were never entered into some type of platform.
LMB Subsidiaries Limited, which appears as the mother company of the entire venture, announced on the Havelock platform, which only deals with Bitcoin transactions, that unnatural activity was noted on the LMB platform. In the announcement dated 28th of March, it is noted that according to the compliance officer of Neo&amp;Bee, this showed a high probability of questionable commercial activity.
@_date: 2014-04-03 14:41:58
Here's another article from today
link: 
 Translation:
Answers to the questions of whether NEO fleeing was a planned or spontaneous move is given by the purchase of a used Bentley, which arrived in Cyprus from London 3 days before his disappearance.
If Danny Brewster had planned on abandoning the island and his business, for reasons we don’t yet know, he would not have gone ahead with the purchase and importation of this car worth 37, 000 Euro to Cyprus.
Unless he wanted to pull the wool over our eyes.
@_date: 2014-04-03 14:48:38
a lot of money was spent on advertising. magazines, tv, they even sponsored some football matches. 
but their is a hint in the article about the people that invested capital. The gossip is that they were not 'legit' businessmen. 
and apparently a bentley