@_author: vilos92
@_date: 2017-12-08 16:58:09
No one is going to have a perfect answer, you could wait for a dip and it may never come. One possibility is to make purchases in intervals, to average the cost you buy in at.
@_date: 2017-12-08 17:35:51
You're not wrong that buying in all at once can make you far more than cost averaging, but that can also bite you in the ass. Cost averaging is for mitigating risk, it doesn't guarantee a higher return.
@_date: 2017-12-15 19:44:29
Thanks for asking this question instead of making assumptions. Also, I would advise you ignore the people responding who claim this should be easy.
It's not. The people saying it could be done in day have never professionally written software in their life. Even if they could do it in a day, you should be concerned about the thoroughness of their testing and the security of their features.
There might be other politics related to delaying the implementation of SegWit on their service, but it should NOT be something which is rushed simply because of community demand. When you're dealing with assets and customers in the millions of dollars, you don't fucking skimp on the little details.
My company has far less sensitive data, including other peoples assets, to deal with. We would never implement a core feature and release it in a day, even if we were fairly confident it works. We would test it, and test it again, and ensure that security is not an issue.
For a company like Coinbase, they need to be even more thorough.
@_date: 2017-12-15 19:38:29
Yeah, that's concerning. You implemented a feature which could possibly have security risks if not properly tested, which could cost people a lot of money. And you did it in one day?
For all the shit Coinbase gets, there are a huge amount of people here who don't understand software development. It's really frustrating seeing the assumptions people make about scaling up services and implementing new features.
You simultaneously want Coinbase to roll out this feature, but also want them to protect you assets without issue. You can't have both, unless you're willing to be patient.
There's obviously the tinfoil theories about them racking up profits from fees, but most of the SegWit outcry towards Coinbase has been in the last few days from what I've seen (at least on the front page of this subreddit). Even if they've heard your concerns, a company can't immediately change directions from other features, nor can they do it quickly without sacrificing thorough testing.
@_date: 2014-10-06 20:03:48
It's pretty damn hard dude. I would be more surprised than if someone hacked my bank account.
@_date: 2017-11-30 21:59:40
Glad I could help! Your sincerest thanks are more than enough.
@_date: 2017-11-30 20:52:47


To address this point, there is a big difference between having enough bandwidth and having your application run properly under load. An application can fail for reasons entirely unrelated to the ISP, and often cases it's usually implementation which is the root issue. 
I've been working in this field for a few years, so I can add a little to what other's have said. Scaling isn't just about increasing amount of bandwidth you have or purchasing more servers, it's more about creating the correct architecture for your software to work properly at scale.
For example, let's think of Facebook. Lets say they made Facebook entirely as one software application, running on a single server. For a few thousand users this probably works great, but what about a few million users? What about a billion? You can't have one server handle all those requests, so you need to split your application up. This can mean having multiple servers running the same software, but there are other issues with this. Now you have multiple servers which connect to one database, and this database can now be the bottleneck. So you need to scale your database up, and do so in a way that maintains consistency in the data between your databases. This scaling solution will work to a certain degree, but with enough users it will ultimately be cost-ineffective while still not being capable of handling significant traffic.
At a certain scale, it becomes more viable to split your application into services. With Facebook as an example, you could have a server which solely handles requests for "Liking" things, or another for requesting a user's news feed. You can even specialize your databases to different information. For example, Twitter could have a server which solely handles traffic related to Donald Trump, along with a database dedicated to those tweets.
With all this in mind, I should also mention that moving to a service based architecture can in many cases mean rewriting a lot of code, or introducing a large amount of new code. It's far from a simple transition, there is only so much you can do by throwing money and developers at the issue. It takes time and serious planning.
The point is, scaling up is entirely possible but far from easy. In fact, I can only imagine how difficult it is to scale up a service like Coinbase while maintaining a strict level of security. Seeing downtime from them may seem unacceptable to the average consumer, but if you've worked in this field you will be a little more sympathetic. It's difficult work, and any company will at some point experience downtime because their implementation could be better.
