@_author: vimpgibbler
@_date: 2018-01-09 23:49:03
The urgent public safety issue is that not everyone is yet safe from the FBI.
@_date: 2018-08-14 16:19:16
Not sure what exactly AfricanMonkeyGod is talking about, unless he meant to say BCH.  The most recent news is that Bitmain has disclosed some accounting information in preparation for an IPO, and it turns out that they've sold a bunch of BTC, and been holding a crap ton of BCH, presumably to prop up the price.
@_date: 2018-08-09 00:53:54
What a fun, fun, time it was.  There was so much developing, so quickly, that there was always something new to learn or catch up on, or communicate.  I had a blast in 2017.
@_date: 2017-11-29 00:52:21
10/10 Wholesome post.
@_date: 2017-04-06 20:30:19
I don't know if I'm an old timer, but I've been involved with bitcoin since around 2011, and yes, it has always been this dramatic.
Human psychology tends to treat current crises as though they are the biggest crises ever, but if you look back through this subreddit, you'll see a lot of craziness.
Once upon a time;
- Ver was loved by the community
- The inter-reddit friction was between r/bitcoin and r/buttcoin, not r/btc
- There was a suicide hotline stickied, to keep hodlers from killing themselves when BTC crashed
- The ideological continuum was bitcoiners-vs-governments/central banks/fiat, not core-vs-non-core, or Bitcoin-vs-altcoins
- The community was somewhat more libertarian-leaning with its preferences.  E.g., "censorship resistant money" was a more significant concern versus "quick, cheap, payments" than it is today.
@_date: 2017-04-05 06:10:46
When a guy named "shitpersonality" is the voice of understanding, it's time to check yourself.
@_date: 2018-02-15 19:34:35
A "full node"  downloads the Bitcoin blockchain from the very beginning, and verifies that all transactions took place in accordance with the rules written in that node's software.
If "Bitcoin," to you, is a 21-million-max-issuance coin with a programmatic inflation schedule and a series of transactions with cryptographically verifiable signatures, your full node will make sure that no more than 21 million coins have been created, that block rewards were generated consistent with expectations, and that all coins have a valid chain of custody stretching back to their origin as a block reward.
It's kind of analogous to having a cash register that audits the federal reserve's monetary policy, and all transactional activity, when it boots up
A "light client," by contrast, places more or less complete trust in the full node it connects to.  If someone forked Bitcoin to remove the 21m coin cap, or give themselves additional coins, a light client might accept transactions from this software, and the heterodox chain it created, as valid Bitcoin transactions.
@_date: 2019-01-16 06:16:38
Your account came back from a yearlong hiatus to express its first ever interest in cryptocurrency, with atypical paragraph construction, punctuation, tone, and length.  I'm gonna go out on a limb here, and guess you're not the first owner of this account.
@_date: 2017-10-05 23:10:07
Thank you Erik.  I still disagree firmly with how S2x is being implemented, but I appreciate your contributions to the community.
@_date: 2018-02-17 21:56:10
Your ownership of Bitcoin isn't related to whether or not you have a whole copy of the blockchain at any point in time.  The blockchain exists to substantiate that certain amounts of BTC are "owned" or "assigned" to certain public addresses, in the same way that a certain value of fiat money can be "owned by" or "assigned to" a bank account number.
One of the things your wallet software will do for you is generate and organize very big, very random, numbers called "private keys."
All of your interactions with the Bitcoin network rely on these private keys.  Your computer will use a private key as an input to certain mathematical operations to create public addresses, and signatures that correspond to those addresses.
The public address is kind of like a bank account number.  Everybody can tell that there's a certain amount of bitcoin stored at that address.  A signature is a piece of data that mathematically precedes the generation of the address.  You publish the signature when sending bitcoin, to prove that you have the private key that created that address.  By looking at the signature, and transforming it into the public address, nodes that receive your transaction can tell that you control the (still undisclosed) private key that originated the public address.
**When we talk about "owning Bitcoin," we're really just talking about possessing private keys for your addresses.**
Those private keys can be stored in pretty much any manner that you'd normally store data.  Some wallets will allow you to export your keys in a file, which it's recommended that you backup and encrypt.  Some Hierarchical Deterministic (HD) wallets generate your private keys using a common seed, which is represented to the user as a string of common words.  In this case, saving those words will allow you to regenerate your private keys using any compatible client.
You'll still need a full node (either your own, or someone else's) to see the balances associated with anyone's addresses, (including your own), but it's control of the private keys that gives you control of the bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-09-12 16:36:25
@_date: 2017-10-31 22:19:06
Upvote this shit, FFS.  The veneration and castigation of celebrities, even if meritocratic, is counterproductive and backward.
@_date: 2017-05-28 06:13:01
Thank you.  I've edited the post to reflect.
@_date: 2017-05-09 18:27:23
I was/am an anarcho-capitalist.  I don't remember when I first heard of bitcoin, but almost certainly through those channels.  I've always had an interest in computer science and economics, so my interest was natural.
@_date: 2017-05-09 18:08:11
The unfortunate fact is that Bitcoin, as it exists right now, is the province of technical users.  I'd love to get my parents into Bitcoin, but I'm having a challenging time explaining
- why they shouldn't leave their coins on Coinbase
- what a chain split is
- what a private key is
- the difference between a key/recovery seed/password
- How political movements in the bitcoin community could change the value of BTC
If someone wanted to buy and hodl a fraction of their net worth in BTC, I'd tell them to pull the trigger the same day.  If they wanted to know the risks and benefits of that investment, and manage it intelligently, I'd have to suggest becoming a technical user.
That said, I agree with the OP.  A lot of us geek out at inappropriate times.
@_date: 2017-05-28 16:59:50
Edited. &lt;3
@_date: 2017-05-28 20:33:19
Maybe I'm missing recent news, but my understanding was that Bitmain was, at various times, in support of Segwit as a hard fork, which would preserve their Asicboost technology, or in exchange for a block size increase, which may have similar, probably lesser benefits for Bitmain.
I think that they've said not-negative things about the Silbert agreement, but it's tough to quantify what that means, specifically, because the "Silbert Agreement" is waaaaay to vague to infer the positions of its signatories.  Several people who agree with Silbert have voiced very different opinions on what it includes, and how it will be accomplished.
@_date: 2017-05-27 17:39:40
People in the crypto space throw the word "scam" around pretty frequently.  Often this is justified, as in the case of a lot of ICOs.  Sometimes it's not justified, and is a lazy shorthand for "I have a bad feeling about this business."  I haven't seen any behavior on the part of Coinbase that is bona-fide evidence of fraud (ditto Bitfinex).  A lot of their poor functionality and customer service issues (which sound terrible) seem like the result of growth in an extraordinarily complex industry, and maybe mismanagement.  They are also comitted to regulatory compliance, so everything you do will be subject to the eventual scrutiny of the US government.
They're a good onramp/offramp, especially for newbies, because they mimic conventions that are already familiar to consumers (i.e. using "accounts," rather than "addresses" and "keys"), and they might even look out for the security of your BTC better than you would.  There are significant compromises made when you use them, though, and you won't have as full control over your coins as you would elsewhere.
@_date: 2017-05-03 21:16:10
I've always thought of crypto as providing an alternative to fiat, not a replacement for it.   Similarly, I think of altcoins as providing alternatives to Bitcoin, not as potential 100% replacements for it.
It's entirely reasonable to assume that many people may choose to use BTC to the exclusion of fiat.  Even if Bitcoin were superior to fiat in every respect, however, I doubt that we'd see universal abandonment of fiat in my lifetime.
My decision to use Bitcoin is based on the fact that I prefer its value proposition, including deflation, to that of USD.  If I need to buy an inflationary currency to take advantage of different characteristics, I will.
While you may be correct about the potential for a deflationary spiral, it's not a problem I'm particularly concerned by.
@_date: 2017-05-28 17:00:45
Thank you.  The comment has been made more perfect as a result of your contribution.
@_date: 2017-05-21 06:59:51
I bought a mattress with BTC two or three years ago.  I'm afraid I had no trouble with confirmations.
I'm willing to perform a test for control purposes, if anyone wants to crowdfund an electric water heater and a package of instant coffee.
@_date: 2017-07-28 03:48:40
I like [Christof Paar's class](
@_date: 2017-07-04 05:32:44
I would control the private keys, as Clorox suggests.  In the aftermath of a chain split, you'll probably want to wait for some solution to broadcast transactions to the chains individually, and with replay protection.  I am not aware of any technology currently that provides this.
So, essentially, own the private keys, and don't transact (sending OR receiving) until tools or workflows emerge to protect you from replay attacks and manage wipeout risk.
@_date: 2017-07-14 20:39:37
Eric, it seems like you assume that everyone in this space, virtually without exception, is acting in good faith.
Can you describe what kind of evidence would cause you to reject your assumption of good faith?  More pointedly: is your assumption of good faith a falsifiable hypothesis or not?
I probably don't disagree with you much, if at all.  I apply Hanlon's razor *very* broadly.  I'm just curious, and thought the question might promote intellectual rigor.
@_date: 2017-07-13 21:30:53
AFAIK, no.  Not publicly.
Signatories to [this]( statement regarding Bitcoin Unlimited presumably intend to follow the same logic for a UASF.
Somebody from Bitfinex (might have been Phil Potter) mentioned in a slack conversation that they would support UASF and legacy coins, as did a support representative in response to my inquiry.  No public-facing announcement of this has been made that I know of.
@_date: 2017-05-28 05:22:16
Miners have until November 15th to signal their readiness for Segwit.  Once 95% of hashpower signals their readiness, the network moves forward with the implementation of Segregated Witness.
Instead of preparing to produce Segwit-compatible blocks, however, many miners, including those preferring emergent consensus and/or Bitcoin Unlimited have withheld their hashpower from this signalling to block Segwit's activation for political, and possibly financial, reasons.  This loose confederacy includes Jihan Wu's company, Bitmain, and some other companies whom are suspected to have a financial relationship to Wu.  Collectively, these actors are instrumental in preventing Segwit deployment.  The majority of the Bitcoin network already runs SegWit compatible node software, and a large plurality of users, both individual and commercial, have expressed their readiness for Segwit.
Upset by the consolidation of power in the hands of what they believe to be abusive and corrupt miners, an effort was recently proposed to implement something called a User Activated Soft Fork.  The UASF is an effective blacklist of any block, or blockchain, that is built on top of a Segwit-incompatible block.
A UASF is essentially users who run nodes saying: "We expect Segregated Witness to have been activated by miners, by August 1st.  Since we have this expectation, we have configured our node software to reject any block that violates the rules introduced by Segregated Witness."
Advocates of the UASF hope that their boycott of obstinate miners will either convince those miners to mine Segwit-compatible blocks (because this will be more profitable, if a significant number of users choose to transact in the Segwit-compatible ecosystem).  Alternatively, these miners may fork their own chain from the Bitcoin network, effectively creating an altcoin that conforms to their preferences.
In any event, the moment of truth is on August 1st, when signalling ends for the UASF, and enforcement begins.
This, among other threads, is a good synopsis of why UASF is significant, and what it hopes to accomplish:
@_date: 2017-07-22 00:30:14
Miners produce the blocks, but all users can reject blocks that don't meet their definition of a valid block.
If a miner produces a block that breaks a consensus rule, say, a block that's 50 MB, or written in wingdings, or whatever, my node will throw it out, and wait for the next that meets the rules my node enforces.
@_date: 2017-07-14 00:22:54
The effect is deflationary, so, yes.  All other things being equal, it should cause prices to increase.  Economics is a complicated science, though, and it's frequently difficult to anticipate how markets will behave in the future.
Most conventional currencies aim to be inflationary, to avoid the effects of the [deflationary spiral](
@_date: 2017-07-22 19:19:09
the counterparty risk doesn't change significantly.  They are equally bad, in the sense that you are 100% reliant on your trust in their service not to mismanage your coins or act against your interests.
No one here has seen the back end of both exchanges, so we wouldn't be able to make an educated comparison of their security propositions.  Other than, "Don't leave your coins on an exchange," you probably won't get a good answer to your question.
Between the two, I would use Coinbase, because I like the shade of blue they use.
@_date: 2017-07-20 20:40:45
When Bitcoin Cash forks off on August 1st, Coinbase will not try to partition your coins between the two blockchains.  They will only honor this legacy blockchain.
If you are interested in preserving the coins you'd hold on the Bitcoin Cash blockchain, you should withdraw your BTC from Coinbase, so that you can hold private keys that will be valid on both coins.  If you don't care about Bitcoin Cash, there's no need to do anything.
@_date: 2017-07-14 22:35:13
I believe it's bit 4, and signalling will begin on July 21st.  This article has a pretty comprehensive discussion of dates:
@_date: 2017-07-14 01:29:50
I'm a fan of the yacht, but my forked implementation of the core hardware will be written in the heaviest codebase possible.
@_date: 2017-07-22 19:08:00
Bitcoin Cash is the proposed hardfork occuring in early August, to include big blocks, but no Segwit.  BitcoinABC is the name of the client software.
@_date: 2017-07-14 00:16:28
This is how you know I'm not Satoshi Nakamoto.  If I had his money, I would construct a yacht, made entirely of smaller yachts, made out of solid gold.
@_date: 2017-05-27 17:24:24
There is a fee that Coinbase will charge, for the use of their services, which is specified [here](  Separate from this is the fee paid to miners to incentivize them to process your transaction quickly.  Coinbase has no real control over how large that fee becomes, but must account for it (and pass it along to the user) whenever you move BTC off of their platform.
@_date: 2017-07-03 16:47:33
It's related to a user-driven reaction to Bitcoin Unlimited (and related initiatives).
BIP 148 describes a User Activated Soft Fork- essentially users opting in to run software that excludes non-Segwit blocks from inclusion in their blockchain.  You can think of it like a user boycott of miners that refuse to allow the activation of Segwit through normal means.
There's a lot of detail that I think is important here, but in the interests of keeping this post topical, just know that August 1st is when enforcement of the UASF begins, and it may cause there to be two different versions of the blockchain: a Segwit-compatible chain, and a legacy chain.
My comment [here]( may help expand on the topic, as well as searching this subreddit for terms like "UASF" and "BIP148."
@_date: 2017-07-22 19:21:06
Different wallets use different methods.  Encrypted backups are still common.
@_date: 2017-07-13 21:07:02
If 1% of an economy wants to secede, and form its own currency that's fine.  If it wants to implement rules like "The people we hate aren't allowed to have any of our coins," and "Bob lost money unfairly, so some of our new coins will be allocated to him," that's arbitrary, and silly, but fine.
This new altcoin, however, couldn't honestly make any claims about being censorship resistant, or decentralized, or leaderless, or any of the other euphemisms we use to describe bitcoin's immutable appeal.
In particular, I think that a lot of the flak Luke, and this idea, are taking, is because Luke's name is simultaneously associated with two ideas: UASF, which has consequential implications for all Bitcoin users, and this joke-altcoin that does not.  This thread doesn't do a great job of segregating those two ideas, but Luke is clearly talking about an altcoin- something completely separate from Bitcoin.
I think the idea is fucking ridiculous, but no more so than Dogecoin or minting an ArbitraryTokenCoin.
@_date: 2017-07-21 23:58:30
Pretty sure he means "user enforced soft fork."
Users have to accept the changes miners activate, by running clients that accept the blocks they create.  It's the willingness of users to accept coins, and what they're willing to trade for them, that gives the coin it's value.
@_date: 2017-06-24 05:40:47
Only if I get scantily clad henchwomen and a badass lair, like all the arch-nemisi.
@_date: 2017-06-24 05:11:06
@_date: 2017-06-15 03:32:37
August 1st is the activation date for the User Activated Soft Fork described by BIP148.  The UASF can be described as a user-by-user boycott of blocks produced by miners that refuse to permit Segwit activation.  August 1st is when BIP148-enforcing clients will begin rejecting any blocks that are incompatible with Segwit, or built on top of a Segwit-incompatible block.
The UASF will effectively force miners to decide between producing Segwit-compatible blocks, or Segwit-incompatible blocks, and may result two sets of miners producing two blockchains.
Proponents of UASF believe that some combination of technical superiority, greater immutability, game-theoritical-advantages, and network effect of that chain will make it a superior alternative to transacting on the legacy chain, or the [newly announced]( Bitmain-led hard fork, helping attract users and miners that have been on the fence.
August 1st is, AFAIK, an arbitrary date that provides enough time for participants to decide how they want to proceed, but doesn't kick the can down the road forever.