@_author: vincenza_baker
@_date: 2018-09-14 21:49:30
Volatility is good for traders, but if you're trying to trade something like the Turkish Lira long term you're going to get burned. The overnight swap will devour your profits if you're trying to sell it, and the president's economic wisdom will do the same if you're trying to buy it. You can see by his well timed comments that he was deliberately trying to set up a price. This was probably coordinated with a phone call to his angel investors in Qatar who dumped another several million in after it touched 6.55, knowing that once the bank releases their decision later that day that they'll exit again for a good 8% 
@_date: 2018-09-17 18:25:47
Can someone explain to me how this is related to bitcoin? Ok, sure, there's a debt balloon that's bigger than this planet we live on, but that doesn't mean that everyone's gonna panic and run to buy bitcoin. The current system only keeps itself alive through inflation fueled growth and free flowing debt. So when the debt gets out of hand, there will be a little "blip" as economists like to say, or "crash" as normal people say, and then the bank will just print a bunch of money, drive up inflation, water down our currency, and make us solvent again! God Bless America!
@_date: 2018-09-20 20:43:15
Great idea, glad to see more apps coming out to make adoption easier, especially those that function with the lightening network. If you see more people using these things, and it's that easy, it will spread much faster. Venezeuala really needs solutions like these in the tough times they are in right now. 
Other good markets would be India, China, Russia, and Turkey. They've all got a particular fondness of bitcoin and would use it more often if it were easier to do. Although in China you've got some pretty fierce competition with Alipay and Wechat.
@_date: 2018-09-18 21:35:50
That was the irony... of course it's all going to come crashing down one day, and the way that bitcoin stands away from the system itself is what makes it robust. 
We've been able to solve the debt slave problem just by creating a digital currency that runs on an algorithm called blockchain, but the next step is implementing it and dealing with all of the negative propaganda that the mainstream media keeps throwing at it. The battle is only halfway over because there is still a lot of work to do to change the public's mind that it's not just a pyramid scheme or a conflated idea that will disappear into thin air one day.
@_date: 2018-09-28 16:52:20
Yeah this looks like another clickbait headline to get a "rah rah rah" out of Bitcoin supporters. Crypto leaders will get power over the financial system, and you'd better look out America!
Regulation or no regulation, people can still use it the way that it was originally intended to be used--P2P exchange, decentralized. None of this swaps, derivatives, futures, ETF bullshit. Just buying and selling coins, from one human to another, no paper involved. Isn't that nice and simple?