@_author: vincent_vancough
@_date: 2012-02-28 06:25:15
I wondering if the argument of forgetting could be used with physical objects too?  For example, if the court was requesting the defendant to give them a key to a safe or something, could the person claim that they forgot where they put it or could plead the fifth by arguing that they don't want to incriminate themselves by saying where the key is?
@_date: 2012-02-24 00:49:08
I'm taking a Business Law class and we just covered the 5th amendment, the right for people not to incriminate themselves.  This includes words and actions, not the body.  This means she could be incriminated from something like a DNA sample, but can refuse to say or do anything that might incriminate her.  I am not a lawyer, but I think this is how this is supposed to work (and what the defendant's lawyers argued).  Under the fifth amendment she can't be ordered to decrypt her laptop.  This should be posted to a law-focused subreddit to get some opinion from lawyers and law students.  This isn't to say that someone smarter than her can crack it and incriminate her though.
@_date: 2012-02-24 01:09:19
Seriously, this should be a black and white ruling in accordance with the fifth amendment.
@_date: 2012-02-28 03:08:50
I see what you're getting at, but I think (and this is purely speculation from an undergrad in an intro law course) that is because it is pertaining to a physical object, which is included in a warrant.  But under that logic, I suppose someone could argue that a password on a computer is physical (the code on a drive).  But then there is a question of whether the coded password is being demanded of the character string (which is in the person's head).  So many questions, and I don't know enough about law to answer you definitively.  I'm also not even sure if asking the person to relinquish the password was the entire issue though.  Maybe there were there other facts to be accounted for.
EDIT: Maybe it's a conspiracy.
@_date: 2012-02-28 03:13:06
No, cops can try to coerce a confession.  It's your choice to tell or not to tell them anything.  You have the right to not say anything, however, you can waive your rights.