@_author: vinnienine
@_date: 2018-09-23 13:24:19
Ban online exchanges. It would be laughable to anyone who knows what they're doing. 
@_date: 2018-09-25 09:04:48
Look how hard it is, dear citizens. Watch this documentary by one of our 'independent film makers'. Bad money. Oh and by the way, it's also banned and you'll be sent to prison if you even talk about it.
@_date: 2018-10-09 13:14:55
Jamie Dimon lol. It's like the establishment's ideal figurehead for economic puppetry over a financial institution. And yet it can never be. 
Google literally cannot understand how a Jamie Dimon type is not the CEO of this structure. It breaks the algorithm. 
@_date: 2018-10-30 20:16:54
If she's sincere here, and is representative of that sphere of influence and of that generation- then Bitcoin has the potential to deliver a hell of a lot of heart attacks. 
Because this is head in the sand stuff, and things move very very quickly today. Nothing's certain and things rarely pan out the way you think they will. But I'd rather know what's on the cards. That means reading things you don't want to hear from people you don't want to hear from. Not the weekly Bloomberg opinion piece on "Blockchain Technology'. A storm's 'a brewin, Janet. Maybe it'll blow out. Maybe it won't. 
@_date: 2018-10-05 10:40:13
They probably did increase it by such a number honestly. Certain countries aggressively tax cigarettes because the governments realised that it costs them a lot of money. Those with public healthcare, that is. 
Either way, cigarettes in Europe is terrible gauge for the value of fiat currency. Their price is heavily manipulated by government. 
@_date: 2018-10-25 23:33:44
Or a tier based tagging system. Similar systems have been implemented in other subs that frequently cite news sources and it works very well. 
For example, Tag sources as: Tier1 (official announcements), Tier2 (reliable), Tier3 (dubious), Tier4 (unreliable). 
I think the mods should seriously consider implementing something like this. There should be a community consensus on categorisation of outlets. Think many people already know the wood from the trees here, but there's almost 1m subscribers and this is a problem that can be alleviated.
@_date: 2018-10-05 15:31:41
One that isn't insolvent to an absolutely farcical degree. 
@_date: 2018-10-17 11:47:12
You're right to be skeptical. The answers you're looking for must be found through personal research, nothing anybody tells you here will give you conviction either way.  
[Here is a short seminar]( from the aforementioned Andreas Antonopoulos: an introduction to bitcoin. Some of the info you'll already know, maybe most of it, maybe not. Even if you have some pieces of info, it's better to go back and fill in the gaps. Start from scratch.
If you have a good picture of what the technology really is, then you can analyse the arguments for and against it and judge for yourself their validity. It's the same as investing in any asset- you do so because you fundamentally believe it will increase in value over time. 
If you don't believe that, you won't invest. But you're shooting in the dark without the basic philosophical and technical understanding as a foundation. If you have that, the price in a year won't matter to you at all. It's irrelevant. What matters is confidence.
@_date: 2019-02-08 15:35:53
It also highlights another axiom: disruptive technology's harshest critics are often those who stand to be disrupted by it. 
This is one of the reasons many un-ironically regard dismissive or negative statements from institutional heads of banking and finance to be genuinely bullish regarding Bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-11-06 22:25:45
♫ Baaaaa-tooooooo, med out (Batto med out) ♫
@_date: 2018-11-16 01:24:25
The implementation is genius but the concept is old as the hills and would have emerged at some stage regardless in my view, an inevitability.  
If anything we should be worshiping the maniac who invented velcro because we'd still be waiting for that one. 
@_date: 2018-11-12 16:38:22
In hindsight it was ridiculous to think Sega been using their best engineers to work on code for video games. We all played Sonic '06.
@_date: 2018-11-09 23:38:49
Hold tight brother
@_date: 2018-11-01 01:36:19
 It's pretty hilarious the way we have all these clueless people essentially now talking about TCP/IP instead of- y'know, what's running on it. 


I could go on but I'll leave it here
@_date: 2018-11-19 12:14:57
Nation States such as China, the USA and the UK certainly do not share your view as of today. Nor do investment groups such as Fidelity with over $2 trillion in assets. Follow the money, because it says exactly what it thinks. Talk is cheap, as they say.
@_date: 2018-11-08 02:08:12
One thing seems fairly certain at this point: Barring something catastrophic, we will all get to see what happens to a maturing (or mature) cryptocurrency during a financial meltdown at some stage in the future. 
Bitcoin isn't going anywhere, and a crash is inevitable at some stage. 
Anybody who claims to already know the outcome of those 18 months is a brave man, because it's not a scenario that has ever been played out in history. There is nothing to compare this coming event to. 
@_date: 2018-11-13 11:45:58
remember many users here have lost 70% of their investment within the last 12 months. This is the mainstream, ground zero of the bubble really. reddit. 
Sold low but kept enough to still be active. Some want the price to tank so they can buy back in, they're already sold on the concept long ago. They just believe they've made trading mistakes. 
And then there's those that are still holding, who see positive sentiment day after day with no results after what seems like an age. 
And there are the people long enough to understand the swings and roundabouts, and people who understand the technology to a degree that layman like myself never will. 
They are aware of the real problems the tech faces and know what news is actually relevant, don't care about price talk (directly, they do but in the form of broad adoption), can't tolerate poorly written articles that miseducate the people they want to encourage and so on. 
So all in all it adds up to the atmosphere you're experiencing, it's a market after a big crash I guess. It's sentiment. 
@_date: 2018-11-23 03:39:49
It really does relate a lot more to the insidious form of control employed in the West, much more subtle. 
1984 is pretty overt. Say what you will about China but at least they're up front with it. Their boys know they are getting cucked. We don't have a fucking clue. Given just enough space to not care basically. 
@_date: 2018-11-01 01:44:31
I know what's in both portfolios. Wether Bitcoin proves to be what it's intended to be is irrelevant. Buffet could well be proven right, if for completely the wrong reasons. 
These changes are happening regardless and they simply explain why a 90 year old person cannot grasp what an educated 12 year old can. Of course they can and do work with people that are tech literate, Buffet certainly isn't going to have any problems in that regard. 
But the fact remains that a large portion of people alive today are terminally illiterate as individuals. Buffet being one of them. So his view on bleeding edge tech is worth taking with a large pinch of salt, even if its function crosses into his area of undeniable expertise.  
@_date: 2018-11-19 13:26:55
Think we're in a situation that has occurred many times throughout history: distrust of a new currency system. It took a long time for people to move from metal to paper as we know. Not hard to imagine how skeptical people will have been during that period. What we're dealing with here is the same principle, but its implications are broader and it's mechanics more complicated. More so than going from using metal, to using IOU notes for metal. Even that took hundreds of years.
So people are confused about Blockchain- the people that are even aware of it beyond the buzzword, and distrustful of its intended use. We can't really believe that it will be the basis for currency, and because it's a 'technology'- there must be some other grand use for it. Recording other things maybe. Can't be for money. 
But it is. Money is the application, that is the invention and that is fundamentally what it will be used for in the future. It's a paradigm shift that people are going to struggle with as we always have during these phases. 
"Blockchain Technology" is a euphemism intellectuals can use to discuss these things without having to be so crass as to be talking about something as disruptive and subversive as an invention that challenges the structure of society. Bitcoin may never even become what it promises to become, but its promise *is* Blockchain Technology. Without it, it's worthless. The achievement of this invention is Cryptographic currency and everything the definition describes.
@_date: 2018-11-19 16:51:21
I broadly agree but you're trying to refute arguments and points that I haven't made. Never said Bitcoin invented Blockchain, and my entire post emphasises the fact that cryptocurrency is the decisive invention here and nothing else.
@_date: 2018-11-13 15:12:11
It's becoming more and more authoritarian in the UK now and we don't have a constitution to point at really. Not in the same way. Weapons aren't the issue, it's speech that's really taking a beating today and vague laws have been enacted that will one day haunt the people that foolishly wrote them. When the shoe is inevitably on the other foot or somebody with real vindictiveness comes to power. 
We are actually at the forefront of blockchain based currency studies and taking a very keen interest in the technology though. 
But as you can imagine, it ain't for the aim of encouraging a decentralised one. We are in a category with Iran and Turkey with regard to our government funding into crypto research and will probably be one of the first to outright ban paper. 
@_date: 2018-11-09 15:21:34
It's good to see more of these kinds of articles appearing in mainstream publications. People who think about monetary policy will read this, and some of them will not have been aware of crypto's intended function. But they'll be more than aware of the problems it's trying to solve. 
No spurious predictions, minimal conjecture on price vs USD. He accepts that it may all never succeed. People want to hear skepticism because they are already skeptical by nature. It's simply laying out the underlying philosophy which is what people really need to understand. 
I think if more people become aware of that- then they become aware of the problems with institutional banking, which creates a desire for an alternative. The two go hand in hand and that's the hook. 
@_date: 2019-01-18 13:16:54
It's an important demonstration that Bitcoin cannot be altered (hard forked) by individuals with huge capital and personal agendas, to be re-established over and over again until it fits the most influential figure in the space's vision. It's hugely important that this happens. 
There will be far more capable, experienced, intelligent and richer individuals coming for Bitcoin over the coming years. This is just one of the many ways these figures will, and have, attempted to subvert it. Wether it be for good reason or not, virtuous or not- it doesn't matter. If it had been this easy to take control, it'd have no chance in the long run. 
Bitcoin has no friends. Wether people want to admit it or not, they're all in competition with one another. It's an all out war. It doesn't matter if miners, developers or investors know it or not. This is the reality and the strongest will survive. As it stands Bitcoin is a hulk and a lot of these coins are going to be subjected to the same things and be absolutely obliterated. 
 
@_date: 2019-01-03 01:29:53
Fair play to the editor running the debt story in conjunction with this ad. 
That's no coincidence. Some wonderful symmetry with the Genesis block and the Jan 3rd 2009 Times front page in Satoshi's message. 
"Chancellor on brink of second bailout for banks"
@_date: 2018-11-01 00:48:12
Buffet in particular is a investment genius and everybody can learn something from him. He deserves his reputation fully.
However, he's approaching 90. The man will never have even downloaded an iPhone app on his own. It's very unlikely he knows how to type. Even without a secretary, his generation simply cannot grasp things that children now grow up with. And it's precisely because they grow up with it that they do grasp it. They are taught how to code in school, they are hacking each other's social media accounts before they've ever had a beer. Many of them don't bother with beer at all. They are on computers all the time. All day, every day. This is the future.
The gap between him and kids born 10 or 15 years ago is enormous, the largest it's ever been in history. It's not an intellectual gap, it's a cultural and technological gap and it's growth looks to be exponential.
Dimon is not even worth talking about. A very driven establishment puppet. The end.
@_date: 2019-01-03 17:15:52
It's been 3 hours and still no noob bugman describing a logarithmic scale as misleading. Surely an r/bitcoin record. 
@_date: 2019-01-17 14:09:28
Satoshi also remarked that open source projects tend to go by dot org. 
People get worked up about dot com and while a certain amount will be fooled, dot com doesn't mean as much as we thought it would in the early days (Porn.com being a good example). 
They're cheap to acquire so many of these domains are sat on to be sold if they become relevant. 
@_date: 2018-11-14 17:46:32
Personally just find the entire space completely fascinating, the uncertainty and the potential, crashes and booms. Interesting ideas and concepts, genuine innovation in a wild west landscape. This is what those landscapes look like at the frontier and it's crazy. 
Right now people are out there trying to be interested in flexible display technology. That era of technology is dead to real innovation. Crypto has the potential to completely transform the structure of modern societies. It's absolutely mind-blowing.
We get to read and think about this stuff before it's all really even happened, and you can punt on it too if you want. But it is a punt. One of the cornerstones of freedom is sound money. Don't spend what you can't afford to spend. Don't cuck yourself with your own damn greed. If you do so, then you really are 'becoming your own bank'.
@_date: 2019-01-09 23:41:47
When I first got into crypto, back in the research phase everyone goes through- I can remember being surprised at how little attention this tweet had received. Why hadn't it blown up, why wasn't this guy lionised. 
But gradually it made sense. It needed to be this way, it had to be. RIP Hal.
@_date: 2018-11-01 02:01:20
Bit of both.
@_date: 2018-12-02 17:33:12
'Countering the Financing of terrorism' 
While we continue financing it ourselves. Weighing wars and arming coups. Designing the very cauldrons that terrorist groups are born within, causing untold misery throughout the globe. 
And then of course the pièce de résistance: distorting the virtually non-existent threat it poses to regular people to cow them into submission at home. 
Fuck every last one of these psychopaths, crypto or not. Will never be forgotten. 
@_date: 2018-12-15 03:35:42
Fragile egos always play the blame game in adversity. In a bull they're geniuses. 