@_author: vintagebazaar
@_date: 2016-12-03 16:56:13
Amazing!  I could see OpenBazaar very interested in this!
Along with many alt coins.
Great work Nicolas you are a true Crypto Guru!
@_date: 2018-02-07 08:49:36
Not yet, we will see below 5k usd, then i will be buying, this is just a bounce to 8k region before back down, so very predictable. 
@_date: 2018-02-17 16:07:34
To add to this as someone living in Slovakia, nearly every single bank will force you to close account if they suspect anything payment to do with Bitcoin.   There is one bank that seem "ok" with it, but i wont mention it in case they get told to block people also.   Banks are trying to make it impossible for the average person to buy bitcoin, they know they cant stop it, but they can do their best to stop people buying it and selling it. Of course in the mean time these fat cat bastards will be buying all they can and they pump it and only when it suits them, allow people to buy bitcoin "at the top" to unload on them.  Time for new "banks" to come along.
Q: Why does Bitstamp not become a bank? What is stopping them?
@_date: 2019-05-14 11:52:23
\+100 Too little too late for Ebay, they thought they could squeeze the life out of sellers and all would be fine... Ebay must be faking Vol like Crypto exchanges, because hardly anyone i know shops on ebay anymore.
@_date: 2017-06-28 13:25:08
Tatra Bank is Slovakia instantly reject anything from Bitstamp.
I had success with another Slovak Bank, Prima bank but today they are also rejecting anything from Bitstamp.
To add blocking anything to do with Bitcoin and Digital currencies. 
Slovakia hates Bitcoin.  Seems the entire bank system here will stop any payments coming from anything to do with Bitcoin and digital currencies.. with NO reason why.
SO.... What i think is going to happen, they still have no clear rules , but safe to say, TAX will come for bitcoin, anytime you deposit cash to bank from anywhere to do with Bitcoin and digital currencies they will tax you 20%+  I think Slovakia is not gonig to ban bitcoin cash deposits, but they are putting a hold on them until they can pass a law to tax it.  I predict banks will Steal 1 to 2% off you for anything to do with Bitcoin (and make up some BS reason for doing so).
So, what will end up happening, everyone in Bitcoin (the new money in this world) will say fuck you to the banker bastards and simply open up accounts with the smart banks who embrace Bitcoin.
