@_author: viperquick82
@_date: 2019-03-09 18:15:56
Bwahaha, well you better tolerate it if your going to keep posting low iq nonsense like a putz, and trying post all big and bad with that cocky attitude with nothing to back it up "well you guys are all wrong b/c my fam is in banking and they told me" "the few of you had unique experiences", you mean the same experience in that situation 99% of the US population would have, that experience? lmao 
You have no clue what your talking about and your imaginary fam in banking. Basically any institution will issue a temporary debit card in 5 min of walking into a bank. Are you serious? You literally just proved how ignorant you are. That's common banking policy, whether Wells Fargo, BNY or countless others, including small local banks.
Unlike your imaginary fam, I've actually consulted and worked on secondary markets for capital and equities, for years, before I sold that business. Has nothing to do with cards, but don't try to bring up "well my fam is in banking and they said....", please son, begone with that nonsense.
Hell I literally just had to do this at an airport. Landed in Denver, went to bank later on and got temporary card issued within minutes as my debit card had charges in UK that alerted my bank who notified me while I was at the airport. Good luck getting any service like that with crypto or if anything happens with your wallet, lost key, crashed exchange/transferring, hacked, where you'll be sol on your coins/$.
Disagreeing with what I said is akin to disagreeing the sky isn't blue, your welcome to think whatever you want, but your still wrong. 
@_date: 2019-03-09 19:42:46
Ok, thanks for the chuckle and entertainment for today. And nope, you have no clue how this works, you can disagree all you want, it's hilarious how wrong you are. Do you also think the earth is flat? Must be an anti-vaxxer as well? Maybe you think we live on Pluto and not Earth? I mean hey, it's your  prerogative to think whatever you want, still wrong though lol. 
Yes you have an imaginary fam in banking as nobody in banking would ever say what you just did, unless by being in banking you mean Tellers. Good lord lol. 99% of institutions large or small private/local will issue a temp card in the US in 5-10 min if walking in.
Only one with the "gay ass remark" is you spouting illogical nonsense, with nothing to back it up, besides "I know how this work, my fam is in banking". Lmao, their not in banking, and you don't know how this works. Unless by being in banking maybe a Teller, or receptionist at a bank? 
Don't try to spout "banking" at someone that has actually worked in the capital and equities side on secondary market and sold a business in that sector. Again has nothing to do with cards, that's just to go against your fam banking mentality/I know how this works.
Immediate temporary debit card issuing is a policy across all banks, except maybe I'm sure there's a podunk Joe Schmoe and Martha Banking joint in middle of nowhere that may not, if that's where you bank, not my problem. I can tell you right now any institution in FL large or small, again I private bank at a local one, will issue a temp card in 5-10 min. Hell I got off airplane in Denver, hit up bank 2 hours later, and walked out with a new card in 10 min at WF.
Ok I'm done, it's been nice schoolin you, so hopefully you carry on what you've learned in this quick banking 101 session. Class is done, you may go to the playground little boy. 
@_date: 2019-03-09 17:19:37
Yes you can you, wtf lol? I've actually consulted on secondary markets for capital/equities for years. So, so much for "oh I have fam in banking so blah blah blah".
You can get an temporary card (yes debit) at basically any institution even small private bank not a Wells Fargo etc immediately. While they mail you the new card out. Hell I just had this happen at airport, they alerted me to fraud charges and blocked the card, when I landed went to the bank a little while later and got a temporary card, half way across US. When I got back home new card was in the mailbox. And I've gotten temporary card same day and small bank here in South FL I private bank at. 