@_author: viralpanic
@_date: 2014-02-16 22:41:46
DGC development has actually been pretty impressive. I can see it becoming a competitor to LTC, which really only has seniority backing it up. 
@_date: 2014-02-17 03:24:58
Give these networks time to grow and they will. Litecoin wasn't the first cryptocurrency to use scrypt, it simply had a clean launch so that every participating member received their fair share. Digitalcoin has done likewise, and also seems to be taking an initiative at gaining real value against traditional currencies. Seeing as bitcoin's potential is still being explored and coexisting alt currencies have proven to be a working concept (duh) there is plenty room for any cryptocurrency to grow.
To put it bluntly, there is actual development work being done, it is listed in the sidebar on the subreddit. I advise you check it out.
@_date: 2014-01-30 16:16:16
The same thing happened to me, I talked to their live chat people and showed the person the address I sent BTC to and my order with the total BTC. Told her she'd need to show that info to her supervisor, two days later the order showed up under my account, tracking numbers and all. I did order some GPU's but those were backordered, so they may have sold out before your order too. 
Just retain proof of your order and where you sent the bitcoin. They seem on top of things, just backlogged with a new system. 
@_date: 2014-02-17 13:43:58
Legitimate dev work isn't concrete and specific enough for you? I'm sorry, but Bitcoin is enough of a technological revolution, I don't understand why having a new gimmick is necessary when at the moment Bitcoin itself is still trying to breakthrough. Each of these coins are as effective as any other provided they are maintained properly, so I will go for the ones that have the most real world support. New innovations don't make a coin successful, it's in how they're handled and developed, compare Tenebrix's crap launch to Litecoin, or Vertcoin being a reboot of YaCoin, and you'll understand. 
@_date: 2014-02-17 00:46:47
Check out the subreddit, Most of everything is listed in there. The main attraction is a $USD &lt;-&gt; DGC exchange the developer has been working on. Most of the praise belongs to him, and he's gotten quite a following because he's nice and knows what he is doing. Not to mention DGC is a really balanced coin; I feel it is prey to the slander most clones rightfully get as many are pre/instamined and are purely a cash grab. Any coin with serious support behind it though has a chance to succeed.
Also, anyone can tell by the market price that faith in LTC is lax, probably because scrypt has been cloned so many times, so I don't think it's farfetched to assume its position isn't permanent. 