@_author: virtuallyspotless
@_date: 2014-12-17 15:00:16
Trade manipulation and marketing. Industrial use for gold is relatively small. Most of it is used for trinkets and baubles because people like that crap. That is why the gold standard is not a standard and oil rules the planet. No oil? you will freeze, your factory will shut down and the lights go out. No gold? well some semiconductor industry will be affected in the short term, but no economies collapse and people don't die.
@_date: 2014-12-17 14:52:23
Tough spelling but this is true. I know everyone here likes Bitcoin (cause its the Bitcoin sub) but this is true. US economy eats shit, dollar goes away, russian economy eats shit, ruble dies. At present it is tied to oil, thus all the fighting going on... And your getting down voted. Who is misleading themselves here really? Yes bitcoin is the future, as is the end of nations and building a free global society... In the fucking future.  
@_date: 2017-08-28 18:15:53
This is what I fundamentally do not understand about bitcoin/cryptocurrency. What if a state actor decided bitcoin was a threat or for whatever reason decided to break it if they could? If it just comes down to computing power and resources to mine bitcoin why couldn't the guy with the biggest computer win? Why wouldn't a quantum computer be able to simultaneously hash every possible bitcoin somewhere in the not to distant future? Why can't the China's USA's and Russia's of the world turn their full state computing resources on it and take its "perceived value"? This is not from a stance of hating bitcoin, I love the concept I just don't understand why it's scarcity is robust given the pace of tech and if it is indeed a legitimate threat to FIFA currencies why wouldn't state actors attack it? 
@_date: 2017-08-29 02:09:06
Thanks, I've lurked here for awhile but still not quite getting the entire concept. Appreciate the explanation!
@_date: 2019-01-07 12:54:54
So I am worried about the next 10 years as is everybody. State actors have been fighting over the current system and experimenting with increasing larger computers and IT warfare. Bitcoin is an alternative non centralized solution but isn’t underestimating the exponential pace of  technological development pretty naive on a 20-30 year timeline? If computing power and motive is all that is needed to break it, it’s being tolerated. If it’s being tolerated why if it is a threat to centralized currency, global influence and power?
Nothing against bitcoin I’m just old and I’m I’m having trouble understanding this
@_date: 2019-01-07 01:53:57
 How can we be convinced the next 30 years of advancing computing technology will allow this phenomenon to stand?
@_date: 2013-12-29 00:25:09
PK should write for the Onion. 
@_date: 2013-12-27 18:31:13
Thank you for answering my questions.
 I have quoted and replied to several of the answers but still have more questions. Sorry about the general subject title, perhaps a mod can help?
"the Bitcoin network is much more powerful than all of the world's supercomputers put together - it's literally the most powerful computing network in the world."
I... Guess I just have trouble believing this and do not have the background to conceptually understand why.
"There's one key economic reason why they don't do this: It doesn't make all that much money!! IBM / Google / China can make more money doing what they do best than moving into a new business that isn't actually very profitable."
So, they probably could but wouldn't bother is what I have heard before and strikes me as odd for the following reasons:
Bitcoin is freedom from the base of power and control established by the current monetary systems/ governments of the world. The big fight over selling oil in USD as opposed to the Euro or or other currency is about power and control and economic dominance. Money laundering is to hide buying and selling things without government agencies knowing and is a huge no-no. Why the hell wouldn't state agencies want to mess with it (bitcoin)?
It seems that its success is dependent on its lack of success as a meaningful world currency... Why is this good? For Bitcoin to do anything interms of creating a real free market economy no one powerful has to take it seriously enough to subvert or destroy it?
Seems doomed from the start, no? Not trying to be negative I honestly need to understand this.
