@_author: virtexsupport
@_date: 2014-07-17 12:21:44
Hello, 
at the moment we only have BTC/LTC against USD/EUR. We do have plans to add more coins and different currencies,but until it is final we can not disclose this information. Please follow us on Facebook, LinkedIn to get the newest information.
if there is any further questions please do not hesitate to contact us again.
Thank you,
@_date: 2014-07-02 08:50:36
Dear members,
We are eager to inform you that the long awaited moment has finally come. Virtex.com - the international cryptocurrency exchange is officially open!
It has been a long and exciting road to date, but the real excitement only begins.
Virtex is a cryptocurrency exchange which is owned by Virtex Systems Ltd and is operated from Lithuania, Europe. The company is mainly run by three entrepreneurs. These are: Paulius Meskauskas (CEO), Tomas Andzelis (CMO) and Mantas Gustys (CRO). Besides them there are over 20 people from various fields of expertise involved with this project. Our main aim is to bring a trusted, transparent and liquid exchange which will hopefully set the industry standard one day.
Currently there are 3 payment gateways added to Virtex. These are:
Payza; EgoPay; OKPay;
Please note that we are working on adding more gateways in the near future.
We have also added Google Two-step authentication in order to create an even safer environment for our customers.
Here is a preview of the "Quick Trade" section of our member area:
Trading fees are set at:
Starter	0.3%	$0 - $50,000
Trader	0.25%	$50,000 - $300,000
Enterprise	0.2%	$300,000+
Currently we offer our users to trade:
During the pre-launch campaign we promised to give all of our loyal pre-subscribers 50% off trading fees for the first 3 months since the opening of our platform. This discount is applied after the user clicks on the confirmation link in his e-mail, so if you subscribed before 23rd June be sure to check your e-mail.
Enter the world of cryptocurrency trading at 
If you have any questions please submit a ticket/chat to us live via our support center at support.virtex.com or simply leave a reply to this thread.
@_date: 2014-04-02 20:00:42
We are proud to announce that Virtex, the international cryptocurrency exchange, has just become a silver member of the Bitcoin Foundation! You can now find us amongst the most well known names in the bitcoin world.
Also, we have recently launched live support that is live from 8am to 4pm +2GMT. If you have any questions regarding our project you can now chat to us live! 
Visit us at  and subscribe to us now to be the first one to know when we launch! 
And get a bonus 50% off trading fees for the first three months!
@_date: 2014-05-06 06:55:10
Dear teflon121,
Our homework was done, and the decision was made. The fact that our name is similar had nothing to do with the "fame" of a relatively small localized exchange. We are aiming for a global audience. An audience where the majority of the people have never even heard of this localized exchange. We have decided to not accept Canadian Dollars, we have made public statements and even press releases to clarify the fact that we are separate and completely unrelated exchanges and we will not be pursuing this distinction any further. Our name is not going to be changed. Please get over this minute, irrelevant detail and try to enjoy your lives. After all, it is full of wonderful things you can be happy about. Like the fact that after the Virtex exchange platform will be open - the competition within the market will rise, which in turn will lead the competing exchanges to provide better service for their customers. 
Stay tuned, stay happy!
@_date: 2014-04-15 08:28:52
We are pleased to inform you that several reviews has been posted by professional admins and bloggers about Virtex.com:
Please take a moment to read them and post your comments. 
Thank you.
@_date: 2014-03-17 07:39:32
We are sorry about any misunderstandings that our name might cause. We are a trading platform that is not aimed for a specific market but rather for a global audience (with a few exceptions).  Xilinx has trademarked the brand 'Virtex' in areas that have no connection to our activity. 
Hope that clears at least a bit of confusion.
We will be happy to answer any further questions that interest you.
@_date: 2014-07-17 12:04:26
Dear members,
We are eager to inform you that the long awaited moment has finally come.  - the international cryptocurrency exchange is officially open!
It has been a long and exciting road to date, but the real excitement only begins.
Virtex is a cryptocurrency exchange which is owned by Virtex Systems Ltd and is operated from Lithuania, Europe. The company is mainly run by three entrepreneurs. These are: Paulius Meskauskas (CEO), Tomas Andzelis (CMO) and Mantas Gustys (CRO). Besides them there are over 20 people from various fields of expertise involved with this project. Our main aim is to bring a trusted, transparent and liquid exchange which will hopefully set the industry standard one day.
Currently there are 3 payment gateways added to Virtex. These are:
Payza; EgoPay; OKPay;
Please note that we are working on adding more gateways in the near future.
We have also added Google Two-step authentication in order to create an even safer environment for our customers.
Here is a preview of the "Quick Trade" section of our member area:
Trading fees are set at:
Starter   0.3%   $0 - $50,000
Trader   0.25%   $50,000 - $300,000
Enterprise   0.2%   $300,000+
Currently we offer our users to trade:
During the pre-launch campaign we promised to give all of our loyal pre-subscribers 50% off trading fees for the first 3 months since the opening of our platform. This discount is applied after the user clicks on the confirmation link in his e-mail, so if you subscribed before 23rd June be sure to check your e-mail.
Enter the world of cryptocurrency trading at 
If you have any questions please submit a ticket/chat to us live via our support center at support.virtex.com or simply leave a reply to this thread.
@_date: 2014-05-06 06:27:08
Dear fellow cryptocurrency enthusiasts,
We are very excited to announce that we are in our final stages of development. This means that we will officially open the virtual doors to our exchange at the end of May! You heard us right! Virtex is finally approaching the start date, so be sure to keep tuned to be the first to find out the official day of the launch!
If you have any questions please feel free to contact us at support or write to us via live chat at  Mon - Fri 8am to 4pm +2GTM.
@_date: 2014-09-04 12:59:50
Dear cryptocurrency enthusiasts,
There are a lot of improvements comming to Virtex soon, and we would like to share the news with you. These improvements include: multiple languages being added; various trading bots are adding us to their system, and more. Read more about it here:
