@_author: virussz
@_date: 2017-04-17 00:09:34


No, it's more like you have the option between two shots. Both will cure your illness, but one is tested with various side effects, while the other is untested, but expected to have less side effects. Both have their "risks", and it's up to the person to decide which is better. It's personal preference.


Believing open source software is a fix is just delusional at best. If 75% of the population used Linux, there'd be just as much malware as there is on Windows. The only real security is an educated user, and let's be honest, most people aren't going to educate themselves, because they don't care.


Do you do LFS? Do you build every single thing from source, and observe the code written in every single thing? If not, you're no more protected than the average Windows 10 user, and the same malicious intentions can be there, even in every day software. Just because something is open doesn't mean people actually observe. This is the problem with the typical Linux user. It's nothing but a false sense of security.


I'm just being a realist. The idea that we are safer just because we can observe the code is a terrible concept to follow. The fact is no matter what we do to secure or lock down, there will always be holes, regardless of the operating system or software used. That's just how it is. I'm not saying you can't do what you feel is best to protect yourself, but you have to be real with yourself about the situation.
I am personally a heavy Debian user, and prefer it over Windows in general. I just meant that the argument that Windows is better for security and privacy is really nothing more than personal bias because no one uses the "open source" ideology as it should be used.
@_date: 2017-04-15 15:41:30
Right? It's not like tons of similar stuff was released for Linux by the Equation Group or anything.
It's not like CIA and NSA haven't been sitting on exploits and security bypasses for years.
Oh wait, both of those are accurate, and have been made publicly available with all of the recent shit.
You're screwed regardless of what OS you use if you don't have it properly configured, and most people don't know how to configure regardless of what they run.