@_author: visaechoed
@_date: 2018-01-17 02:13:27
Price goes up....'Hell yeah!  The world is catching on!  BTC is the future!  People tried to dismiss us - look at how much money my BTC is worth now!  Look at our global market cap!'
Price goes down...'I don't care what meaningless value they give BTC!'
@_date: 2018-01-13 16:04:35
^ What this guy said
@_date: 2017-12-06 03:42:56
No offense, but I disagree with nearly everything you are saying.  I realize I said credit card, but for practical purposes of our discussion a debit card works just as well....
1.)  You can memorize the details of your credit card and use it in far more places than you can bitcoin.  
2.)  Even if stolen, it's only *the plastic* and numbers that are stolen.  The money isn't.  I've had my credit card stolen more than once.  There is a legal limit of liability in my country of $50, but I've never paid anything for a replacement, nor have I paid for any of the charges someone else made.
3.)  If you are wealthy enough to have $1M I'm sure you'd have little trouble getting higher lines of credit.  Beyond that, BTC isn't credit, but you would have 0 problem sticking a million USD into a checking account with a debit card with the same protections of a credit card.  And then you could spend your $1M.
4.)  Using credit cards abroad have been effortless for almost a decade now.  Depending on your credit card, you can get cash from it directly, but a debit card would certainly let you do it.  I've gotten cash in the US, Mexico, Canada, Ireland, UK, Spain, France and Belgium without any trouble.
5.)  There are fees with spending money abroad, yes.  There are also fees with spending BTC.  There are also significant time delays spending money with BTC too.
6.)  While you can, in theory, use BTC anywhere...the truth is you'll have a lot of trouble finding shops that take it, other people that accept it, and ATM machines that will give you cash.  It's exponentially more difficult than a debit card.
7.)  With an ATM card, a mugger could force me to withdraw up to my daily limit of cash.  I'm out $500 USD.  That sucks.  But if I'm seen using Bitcoin a criminal knows that I have Bitcoin, Bitcoin is untracable and unreversable, and that there is no limit.  A mugger that can physically force me to an ATM, force me to provide a pin, and take my $500 could force me to give up all of my Bitcoin.  We're not James Bonds here, if someone is breaking your fingers, you'll give up the info.  Instead of your ATM card, they'll get your Bitcoin wallet.
8.)  Yes - the bank cancelling your credit card/debit card could ruin your trip.  There are steps you can take to reduce that risk.  The flip side of that is, in many cases, those cancellations are valid.  With BTC there is no cancellations and you own 100% of the liability.
9.)  Governments have already seized and resold Bitcoin.  Regardless, it's a rare event that the average person is unlikely to encounter (with cash or Bitcoin).  Beyond that, 99.999% of people will never have enough wealth (in cash or Bitcoin) to have it matter.  Joe Sixpack's could take his 100k life savings and buy BTC today....then run into legal trouble.  The government could lock him, take his assets, his house, his car, and keep him in prison for 30 years.  Having 100k in value that *maybe* the government couldn't get makes it only marginally better.  His life is still destroyed.  Owning BTC doesn't remove the governments control over you.
So yeah, I mean, maybe we'll just have to disagree.  If I'm going on an impromptu trip with my wife to Eastern Europe, it makes a million times more sense to bring my actual wallet than my BTC wallet.
@_date: 2017-12-10 16:06:42
Please don't waste your money on someone else's AI bot.  And unless you think you've got a passion for software development - don't waste your time writing one.
Imagine for a second, that you were to study various machine learning techniques.  Ignoring that there are tons of really smart people, with PhDs in math and cs and anything else you want, who have spent decades on this stuff....and imagine that you developed this amazing program that could just sit, recognize patterns, and consistently make profitable trades.  
What would YOU do?
That program would be invaluable.  It would be worth millions (billions).  I used to work as a software developer in a prop trading firm.  They had large teams of people working on all sorts of technologies to give their traders an edge.  Teams of full-time professionals who specialized in what they do.  And resources.  They'd have physical locations next to exchanges, they had a team that just worked with FPGAs to reduce trade times, they had special relationships with the exchanges themselves that gave them an unfair advantage, they also had teams of traders and teams of analysts that would plug in subjective human values into their complex calculations.... 
And you can replace all of that with a short Python script?  Let's assume you can.  What would you do with it?  You'd get rich.  It'd be so easy to get rich.  You'd just turn it on.  
You could trade on margin if you want to get rich faster.
You could build a business around it, invest other people's money and take a cut.
You might even want to sell it...but you would NEVER sell it to random people on the internet.  It's not a $10 piece of software.  It's not a $100 piece of software.  It's not a $10,000 piece of software.  
@_date: 2017-12-09 17:27:39
^^^ Expect to see a lot of this :)
@_date: 2017-12-08 13:33:11
Except for all the suckers who bought in at 19.5 because of everything people on sites like this were telling them.....
@_date: 2017-12-10 14:27:05
Yup - obliterated while agreeing.  It was impressive.
@_date: 2017-12-06 02:07:58
The problem with your argument is that it requires an assumption a lot of people aren't ready to accept.
You are essentially saying:
'If BTC grows in popularity....then a $10,000 BTC is cheap'.
Well sure.  But if it doesn't, then a $10,000 BTC is expensive.  
@_date: 2017-12-09 18:21:48


I don't know what you're smoking....but it must be some good stuff.
Nobody is telling you what you can or cannot do.  I don't even know where you'd begin to get that impression from anything I've said.  Maybe you've got me confused with someone else.
I'm not going to bother responding to the rest because clearly, if we can't agree that slow is synonymous with 'computationally intensive' than we're not going to get anywhere.  
@_date: 2017-12-07 03:19:33
1 &amp; 6 - both talk about a future where BTC is accepted everywhere.  Right now, even without a physical credit card and the memorized digits you'd be able to shop at far more places than BTC.
2 &amp; 7 - if you are willing to have to bitcoin wallets and memorize two sets of words, it'd be a heck of a lot easier to just carry two credit cards.  My wallet has two credit cards and an ATM card.  When I travel, I always keep one CC isolated from the others for exactly that situation.
3 - BTC isn't insured and will be at the mercy of a financial crisis.  BTC is order of magnitudes more volatile than USD.
5 - And if you don't have access to the network....it's pretty easy for me to spend cash I get from the ATM.  Not so much for bitcoin. 
8 - there is no risk of a bank stopping potentially suspicious charges.  That's *not* a good thing.  Lots of people have had all of their BTC stolen.  With a credit card, there is no risk of losing money, a small risk of not having access to your funds which is mitigated significantly by having more than one card.
9 - People *are* careless.  
Anyway, I appreciate your responses; but I still feel that, as of today, BTC is not a good choice for a typical tourist or consumer.  If my Mom were going on a trip, I wouldn't recommend BTC to her.  The negatives of BTC far outweigh the positives.
Maybe that will change in the future.  Until then I guess we'll just agree to disagree.
@_date: 2017-12-08 22:53:21
Nothing about your post supports the claim that a ponzi scheme has to be centralized.
The 'operator' of the scheme doesn't have to be the collector of investment funds.  That is, the people collecting the funds can be acting in good faith, while the operator running the show never directly deals with investors.
@_date: 2017-12-09 13:34:17
My point is that the OP's definition of a Ponzi Scheme was arbitrarily specific in ways that didn't make any sense, because it's true.  And you sided with the OP not because you give a single shit about the definition of a Ponzi scheme, but because you read my post as being 'anti-btc' and you like BTC and BTC CANNOT BE any type of scam, right?
Just take five minutes to read the Wikipedia about Ponzi Schemes:
Then realize, that there are an infinite number of b.s. ways people will try to take advantage of each other, and adding arbitrary exclusions to a definition doesn't change the nature of the action.  'WELL - IT WASN'T A PONZI SCHEME BECAUSE THEY DIDN'T JUST TAKE THE MONEY, THEY GAVE THEM A % OWNERSHIP OF THE COMPANY (that would soon be worth nothing).  It was just illegal, dishonest, and morally wrong, but we can't call it a Ponzi scheme! lololol'
Also, I've never claimed that btc was a ponzi scheme.  
@_date: 2017-12-08 13:36:59
Whatever helps you sleep at night....
Your definition of ponzi scheme is wrong.  It doesn't have to be centralized.  It doesn't have to be perpetrated by a collector of investment funds.  Defrauded investors *can* own assets.  
I dunno where you got this definition from....?
@_date: 2017-12-09 17:13:12
That's not how mob mentality works though.  
The people on the sideline, when they see it drop 5k in a weekend aren't going to say, 'Now I should buy', they are going to say, 'I'm so glad CoinBase didn't accept my scanned ID in time, I was going to buy at 17k last week!!!!'
And everyone who didn't know about BTC but got in when people started talking about it, at 9k or 12k or 15k or 18k - all of those people are going to go, 'HOLY CRAP!  I NEED TO SELL!!!!!!'
None of these people want BTC.  They wanted to make money off a 'sure thing'.  They came to forums and listened to stories of people getting rich doing nothing, read how BTC can't fail and is the wave of the future, and as soon as there is a significant drop in price they are going to sell.
There have been BTC crashes before, if there is another crash it won't phase anyone who really believes in BTC.  Those, small percentage of people, will be buying during the crash.  Everyone else though, everyone on the sidelines, and people who bought recently, they're not going to.
@_date: 2017-12-09 21:16:01
Awesome.  We're making progress.  
1) we agree.
2) we're still just splitting hairs.  You can say that btc is designed to be decentralized, secure and as efficient as possible....and I would say that being decentralized and secure requires it to be less efficient than an equivalent system that doesn't care about being decentralized or censorship resistant and permissionless and all sorts of other things btc does.
And we'd agree on the specifics, just like we have been.  We're saying the same things, just in different ways.


Which I can do, but you'll dismiss because they are different in some key way from btc.  There are tons of centralized systems for sending money that can be faster and are more efficient from a total cost perspective than btc.  GoogleWallet, PayPal, SquareWallet, etc, etc...hell even lots of banks have instant transfers between other accounts at that same bank.  Even ACH, which might take more time (which is just one measure of efficiency) takes less resources.
[Energy required for a BTC transaction](
There are other cryptocurrencies that you probably already know about too - like Chia or EcoCoin and probably countless others.  Bitcoin was designed around the concept of people having to do work.  Which you know and have already mentioned above 'Proof of work'.  The work that's done isn't work anyone has a use for, other than for the sake of btc.  And you can argue that it's necessary, to which I'd say, 'My bank doesn't require that'....and you'll say that my bank doesn't have other properties of btc and I'd agree.  And you can point out all sorts of subtle differences between EcoCoin and btc and how it's not a fair comparison (apples to oranges).  
Beyond that, just to clarify....I haven't attempted to tell you what you can or can't do (but I'll probably still fuck myself later tonight, thanks for the suggestion).  Just like I haven't stated that I'm against mining.  You keep stating directly (or strongly implying by putting the word 'if' in front of it) that I'm holding positions or making arguments that I'm not trying to make.  I'm not trying to tell anyone what to do.  I'm not expressing an opinion on the quality or use of BTC (just the efficiency), I'm not saying I'm against mining.  I'm certainly not against people using Bitcoin.
EDIT:  And yes, I know the energy required articles are questionable and I'm not saying that the one I've linked is accurate, but everyone should be able to agree that it is substantial
@_date: 2017-12-09 22:30:42
Your moving goal posts left and right.  This is childish and repetitive.


Great.  Agreed.  Bitcoin prioritizes other things, creating a less efficient system by some measures.  It's done that way *by design*.  
You've now agreed with both of my positions labeled 1 and 2.  I'm glad.
To continue this train-wreck of a conversation, let me just say that I've already pointed out that there are different ways to measure efficiencies.  We've already talked about it in terms of energy consumption, actual time, and computational effort/cpu time.  I'm not sure why you've chosen now as the time be to all 'ZOMG - we haven't even defined what efficiency means!' Or to claim that I'm only talking about energy consumption.  We could talk about the amount of data required, or the transaction costs, or an endless supply of other measures.
Energy consumption is just one.  Sure.  And it's one that btc measures poorly in compared to alternatives.  I'm not now, nor have I ever claimed that is a *problem*, only that it is a true statement.  Do you disagree?  Nope.  Cool.  I have no problem with people mining for btc.  I have no problem with 10 minute transactions.  I have no problem with btc.  That doesn't mean it's not objectively less efficient than other competing methods of doing virtually identical things.  I've given you examples, you disagree.  Cool.


As best as I can tell, you've got some time to kill and want to argue.  But you've confused my not really caring and attempting to gracefully bow-out for not having a position, so I continue to play along because I've also got some free time today.
Personally, what I like most about this whole discussion is how you first called me out for only coming here to call people dumb; while you continue to tell me to fuck myself.  Reminds me of Junior High....a nice little stroll down memory lane.  
@_date: 2018-09-07 22:36:31
We're a very, very, very long way from that being remotely close to economically feasible though.
We'll both be dead before it happens - if it happens at all
@_date: 2017-12-09 19:49:48
I just don't feel like wasting more time arguing with a pedant. 
My positions are:
1.)  Bitcoin is not efficient.  You've agreed.


2.)  Bitcoin is designed to be inefficient.  You've all but agreed.




What's left for me to defend?  
You can argue that 'computationally intensive' doesn't mean 'inefficient'.  And I'll say, 'You're an idiot'.  And I'll say, 'The system is literally designed to slow down miners ability introducing arbitrary inefficiencies' and you'll say, 'No, that's just the system maintaining a consensus time of 10 minutes?!'
Then we can argue about whether or not 'slow' is different than 'computationally intensive' and then fight over what 'efficient' means.  
It's all just word games.  
In the end we'll still both agree that Bitcoin is not currently efficient and that Bitcoin is designed, intentionally to be computationally intensive and that it utilizes far more resources than other competing methods of doing the same thing (and you explain about WHY it does that, which is irrelevant to my position being correct).  We could even talk about how, the network needs to be large and require a lot of resources to prevent a single entity from controlling 51% - but I suspect you already know all about [Double Spending](
The design and security of BTC requires it to be inefficient.
I mean, but if you really insist, I guess I can play along....we'll both post a few more times, neither one of us convincing the other of anything (because we already agree on the points that matter).  And in the end, we've both just wasted a bunch of keystrokes that nobody else will read and neither one of us actually care about.
@_date: 2017-12-08 23:08:49
Sure you can.  There is plenty of blame to go around.
If you own X and intend to sell X in the future, the price of X is impacted by how you talk about X.  To the point that there are laws regulating this stuff.  It's immoral to hype up X so you can cash out, leaving n0obs holding the bag.
It's different if you truly believe in X.  That's fine.  But I've already seen people go from, 'ZOMG X IS THE BEST EVER!  THEY DON'T MAKE ANY MORE X!  HODL X FOREVER' to, 'Yup - I cashed out, but not before showing 10 other people how to buy X - lol!'
It's like saying, 'Sure, I write malware, but only idiots don't secure their devices so you can't blame me'
@_date: 2017-12-06 02:09:56
People did.  They said a lot of the same things, particularly in 2011 and 2012.
@_date: 2017-12-10 21:25:38
I really don't like Jim Cramer.  Every objective measure of his advice (that I've seen) has proven to be no better than random selection.  His show is like the Dr. Oz of investing.
His stock picks suck and he clearly doesn't understand bitcoin.  
@_date: 2017-12-09 17:00:04
It just depends on how deeply you believe in BTC....
If you think it really is going to change the world and everyone will use BTC then hold until you have no other income to spend, then spend your BTC.
If you think BTC is a bubble, now is a great time to exit.  A few days ago would have been better.
If you are somewhere in the middle, treat BTC like an investment, decide what % of your portfolio to dedicate to it, and rebalance when it gets out of alignment.
Finally, if you are the rare minority who actually wants to use BTC as a currency and not speculate on the price, keep your money in your local currency and purchase BTC on demand.
@_date: 2017-12-09 18:00:52


Nobody knows that.  A lot of people believe that.
You go on to, basically, agree that BTC is not efficient now (like the internet was in the beginning).  It sounds like you are agreeing with me, it's just....in the future, you think it will be different?  Because I'm talking about now, not what might be.


I guess I must have been mistaken.  Here I thought arbitrary inefficiency was intentionally introduced in the form of a global difficulty that is adjusted every 2016 blocks.  More miners means more difficultly (an intentional decrease of efficiency).
I also, incorrectly, believed that hashes, specifically cryptographic hash algorithms like SHA256, for example, are intentionally designed to be TO BE SLOW.  Slow here equates to inefficient.  
I mean, it's not like we're collectively generating using more electricity in the name of BTC than *entire countries*.  That must have been FUD I read about on the internet.
I see now, you are right.  I am wrong.  There are no intentional inefficiencies designed into bitcoin.  Thank you for setting me straight, I appreciate it.
@_date: 2017-12-06 01:41:20
Maybe I'm just old....but I've heard this line before.
@_date: 2017-12-09 13:58:33
The problem is that, all most the adamant BTC fans are acknowledging that it's not great as a currency.
I can't pay my mortgage payment, car payment or utilities in BTC.  I can't even buy a game off Steam anymore.  There are a few online stores that take it and in certain cities you can find an ATM.  The fees are high and the processing times ridiculous (yes, yes, we all hope that will change).  And the high volatility makes it incredibly hard to for regular people to keep large amount of value in it (this is reddit, so everyone is going to say, 'lol n0ob BTC only goes up!?!?!  I put 2k in and now I have 20k!!!!') still, if you are saving to buy a house and you keep it in BTC - you're not saving, you are gambling.
I thought the new thing was to call it a 'store of value' and say how it's better than gold because people might find more gold tomorrow?
@_date: 2017-12-10 15:34:55
Honest question - if it turns out to be true, do you still consider it FUD?
@_date: 2017-12-09 22:44:17


Lol. Sounds good.
@_date: 2017-12-06 02:16:55
Which is different from a credit card how?  (honest question, not trying to troll)
@_date: 2017-12-20 20:28:35
Yup - 'Feature, not a bug'
@_date: 2017-12-09 17:17:21
1.) ZOMG EVERYONE BUY BTC!  ONLY 21 MILLION!  WILL BE WORTH EVERYTHING.  TRUST ME.  Put 100% of everything you have in BTC.  I just sold all my old crap to buy BTC.  BTC will make us rich.  Don't listen to the media!  They are wrong.  There are billions of people, they all need BTC.  If it isn't 50k by 2018 I will eat my dog!
2.)  Hey guys - here is my story.  What a wild ride.  I can't believe how much USD I made when I sold my BTC.  I know I said it would be worth EVERYTHING before, but I made a lot of money and I'm rich now/bought a house/bought a car, so I cashed out.  I helped everyone I know buy BTC, they didn't cash out, but I did.  I hope you guys have good luck
3.)  Well, sure BTC crashed.  I mean, it's not like something can go up forever.  Duh.  Don't invest what you can't afford to lose.  I bought in at less than 1k and I made a ton of money.  N0obs don't know how to invest, and I'm retired now.  Totally your own fault for listening to people like me on the internet!!!!
@_date: 2017-12-09 14:02:11
Your first point seems to imply that contributions in the form of BTC are more efficient than others.  Otherwise, investing in BTC would not contribute to society's overall wealth, right?
BTC has to be one of the least efficient ways of accounting for value transfers.  That's by design too.  
@_date: 2018-06-25 21:29:18
Right, because I enjoy wasting time on Reddit.  Same as you, as evidenced by the fact that your responding to me.
Requiring people to stick around until the end before expressing an opinion is a ridiculously high burden, it defeats the entire point of wasting time arguing with strangers in the internet.
@_date: 2018-06-11 18:58:55
Nah, I sound like a guy who doesn't believe you correctly predicted the future success of two companies twenty years ago because it was obvious.
If you were old enough and didn't invest a significant percentage of your available resources, then I don't believe that you really knew.
If you weren't old enough, then you are basing your opinion on how you think you would have felt, and I also don't believe you.
Now if you invested heavily in Apple twenty years ago and you swear you knew it was going up, okay, you got me.  Congrats on your smart investment.  You saw something that most people didn't, or you had a lucky guess, but I can't prove which it was, so good for you.  However, the fact that everyone else didn't do it, strongly suggests that it wasn't obvious.
@_date: 2018-06-11 16:16:26
I can only assume you have MANY millions of dollars then.  If you don't, I'll safely conclude that you are full of crap.
It's only obvious because you know how things played out.  A modern equivalent would be predicting which self-driving car will dominate the marketplace in 40 years.  And in 40 years people will say, 'Gee - why didn't people invest in AutoCarSoft or NeverCrashAuto!  Wasn't it obvious self driving cars were going to be the future?'
@_date: 2018-06-11 13:54:08
I love when people give advice after the fact and not before.
'it was so obvious!  You just had to look at the signs!   The signs were there!'
@_date: 2018-06-17 03:41:46


You are attacking the age of his Reddit account, how many negative posts, his motivation for posting, making assumptions about his investments....
But you haven't responded to his claim:


@_date: 2018-06-17 03:26:39
Did he get the $1.8M back?
@_date: 2018-06-11 13:27:10
It's amazing how level headed and reasonable people here seem now.
In December the time was very, very, very different though.
@_date: 2018-06-14 14:42:10
I can still hear them explaining how it wasn't a bubble too....
@_date: 2018-06-25 01:33:18
Honest answer here - regardless of how I feel about the future of BTC...it's not worth the time of effort.
First, no matter how low the price goes, diehard believers will always insist that it's going to recover.  No matter how few people are using something, they'll still insist that it is the next big thing.  There won't ever be a point where EVERYONE agrees that something is worthless.  I have family members who STILL BELIEVE Beanie Babies are going to increase in value.
Second, by the time that virtually everyone except the few die-hard believers generally agree that something is dead, all of the people who were CONVINCED that it was going to be  huge will change their tune.  Truthfully, regardless of what BTC does - if it replaces cash completely in 20 years or isn't used at all in 20 years, at that point in time, everyone will say, 'Well yeah, duh.  Of course this is how it turned out'.
This isn't at all limited to BTC, just anything of this nature.  A specific example would be the run up to ~20k and the subsequent drop to ~6k or whatever it is.  At the time, when it was at 12k or 14k there were SO MANY PEOPLE who just wouldn't believe anything anyone said about it being a bubble or that it wasn't sustainable....but as soon as the price started dropping, suddenly the general tone was entirely different.  'Well **Of course** it couldn't go up forever!  Duh - but hey, it still went up a lot!  And I made money!  So whatever....' and 'Yeah, well, it's gone down before, so what?'
When I was younger, I used to actually set reminders so I could come back to stupid internet arguments after N months or M years and it just wasn't worth the effort.
You come back and even if you are legitimately right nobody is going to appreciate your post.  The people who told you to come back and 'prove them wrong' will have moved on.  The people who are left on forums talking about such things just see you as a dick...and everyone will insist that your amazing prediction was 'so obvious'.  There is no point.
@_date: 2018-06-11 17:51:18
Why isn't it apt?
At every point in history, the future was uncertain.  And the current market price reflected that, at every step of the way.
The future success of self driving technology isn't any different.  There are a bunch of players, nobody had achieved widespread adoption, lots of promising tech but nobody knows how it will play out.... But virtually everyone agrees it will happen, eventually.  Conversely, you don't even have to pick the winner, you could just identify a publicity traded loser, sort them, and be rich.
Anyone who can beat the market reliably should be unfathomably wealthy.  
People who claim they could have correctly predicted which two companies would dominate an emerging industry are making huge claims.  Bill Gates wasn't able to predict the success of Microsoft.  But you say you could?  That's a bold claim.
Also twenty years ago, Microsoft was facing some serious lawsuits too.  Did you also correctly predict the outcome of those?  
I'm not saying you didn't, but I am saying it is very very unlikely you can actually do what you claim.  And if you can, you should probably be in Forbes
@_date: 2018-06-11 14:20:38
That's because you are using survivorship bias.
Looking back Apple and Microsoft are the obvious winners.  But it wasn't always obvious.
First Apple nearly went bankrupt in the 90s.  For a good while, they were kind of a joke.  People who believed in the future of personal computers in the 70s would have expected Atari or Sinclair or Commodore.  Hell Radio Shack sold a pretty sweet computer too.
And, at the time, Radio Shack had physical stores to.  Seems like they might be the clear winners.
And IBM.  They had been around forever and when they entered the home PC market in 1981.... You could hardly blame someone for thinking they would rule the personal computer landscape.
Nobody knew of Microsoft or Apple then.  And while both of them were scrappy startups, there were endless startups that failed, that history didn't remember.
If you had bought and held most of these, you would not be in a good spot financially.
Same deal with the internet.  It seems obvious now, but it wasn't at the time.  Local dial up isps were profitable as shit for a time.  I'm glad I didn't stick my life savings into a company that made acoustic couplers.  BBS's came and went too.  And things like Prodigy, holy crap it was amazing in 1984 and had huge support from big name corporations.
This doesn't even scratch the surface.  Even if you believed 100% in personal computers, being able to make money off it was not guaranteed.
@_date: 2018-11-17 09:43:54
He is saying that most people answering the poll aren't really concerned about not getting full value on that 10k, ten years from now.  Because it is easy for (many, but not all) people in first world countries to set aside 10k in ten years.
The risk is losing out on your potential gains.  
I will drop $10 on a bar bet with my friends for fun.  I wouldn't drop $10,000 
$10k ten years from now... Is small enough that I will gamble with it.  Btc has the highest likelihood of being worth a lot in ten years, so yeah, let's do it.  It also had a high risk, it might be worth nothing.  But I'm okay with that risk.
If it were 10 million, I wouldn't take that risk.  Ten million, ten years from now, would mean I retire wealthy in that day.  I don't care about getting the most ROI, I care about not losing it.  So I want a conservative investment.
@_date: 2018-11-21 03:41:04
That just means that EVERYONE who was predicting anything &gt; -50% was full of shit.  Everyone being full of shit doesn't make it any less true.
@_date: 2018-11-15 01:31:30
All the money I lost on BTC was worth shutting up 95% of the people I knew who talked about BTC constantly.
@_date: 2018-03-23 01:47:40
Believe it or not, I really like Bitcoin - but this argument is weak as f***.
Yes, digital data is ultimately just numbers and yes numbers can be presented in many different ways.  
None of that makes my collection of porn movies and pictures NOT porn.  That's just how data is stored.  It's irrelevant.  If I pirate a movie, nobody cares is going to believe or care that I 'Just happened to download one particularly large number'.  It's a true statement, but also pointless and meaningless.
Porn in a proprietary format is still porn.  Otherwise, it would be perfectly legal to have encrypted child pornography on your PC (it's not).  
Regardless of how you feel about child porn, or about Bitcoin, this argument is not a good one.  It's like that annoying ass kid in 7th grade who gets in trouble for touching something he's not supposed to touch and then (correctly) explains that HE DIDN'T REALLY TOUCH IT (because of electron repulsion).  
Please note, that if you accept this argument, you have to accept that there is no such thing as digital porn or really digital anything.  You're saying data is just numbers and numbers can mean anything and maybe one valid interpretation of the number is porn.  And while you might sit here and say it because you want to argue with me - nobody actually believes it.  
This argument isn't going to help Bitcoin, IMHO
Also - if you are about to reply to this and explain how I'm wrong....ask yourself how you know what I just said?  I just sent some data from my PC.  It could be ANYTHING, right?  Of course, this post could be porn, if you interpret the data one way.  It could be a very crappy PC game, or a song, or anything else.  Of course you know that's a bullshit argument though.  It's text and you're reading it and you know what it means.
@_date: 2018-03-09 12:50:47
Right.  
Maybe the Pixel 3 will have true NLP instead of it's crappy auto complete.  Until then, I welcome you to continue proof reading my posts.  
@_date: 2018-03-09 02:12:40
Unless it ends up like X.400 or like FTP Mail or 'Mail Protocol' or the 'Mail Transfer Protocol'.
SMTP wasn't the first protocol for sending email.  For a long period of time, it wasn't the dominate protocol for sending email.
There are tons of protocols from the early days of the internet that never achieved widespread adoption or just failed.  On paper, back in the late 80s or early 90s lots of tech people would have agreed that the internet is the future and that news and information would be delivered electronically.  
Most of them would have though NNTP or Gopher would make a LOT more sense than visiting a site like reddit.com over http or www.
@_date: 2018-02-05 22:25:46
I could use some advice....back in Dec. when my co-workers and parents were insisting that BTC was a textbook example of a bubble, I turned to to help me explain how it CLEARLY WASN'T.
Now a lot of them are saying, 'See, I told you'.
I could use some more talking points to help them understand that BTC was never in a bubble....or have we all accepted that it was, in fact a bubble?  If that is the case, I have a lot of apologizing to people to do.  
@_date: 2018-02-06 00:08:18
Bubble Boy is a great movie....
@_date: 2018-02-06 00:08:07
Thank you!  Exactly what I'm looking for.
@_date: 2018-12-16 01:55:22
Thanks - that's really too kind of you.  I really appreciate it though.
@_date: 2018-12-16 02:16:06
Thank you - I'll check that out now
@_date: 2018-12-16 04:56:04
Thank you - I'll take a look
@_date: 2018-12-16 01:23:10
Thank you for the response.
Are there any exchanges that have like...24/7 ID processing or anything?  I'm searching but it's sometimes hard to find where they say.  Or one that is known for a fast turn-around time?
@_date: 2018-12-16 01:33:04
I don't but I will look into creating one now.  Thank you
@_date: 2018-12-16 01:50:35
I mean....*need* is a strong word....I don't need it at all.  
Like most people these days, I'm impatient and used to the ability to (near) instantly purchase goods online and have them arrive at my house in 24-48 hours.  So the idea of waiting N business days before something is processed so that I can place an order just feels so....1985ish or so.  
&amp;