@_author: visualeconomy
@_date: 2018-02-22 17:54:06
I lost $30k at trading due to finding myself chasing highs and lows. I then started with $3k in ICOs and made a million with a total cost on that of $50k. I think what you are saying is right in your initial post but I also think it is not right for some people. Trading is a constant all day job where as Hodling is not. There are so many reasons why trading is better for some people ad hodling is better for others. I believe my million will be a lot more than that in 2 years time. The reason i made so much though comes down to solid research and only buying those ICOs that I consider to be the best of what there has been. When I look at them 6 months since starting this I see them being around for years to come so they will go up along with the market cap of crypto going up. Beofre I started that 6 months ago I had been in Crypto since 2012. I sold big time during the first chinese banning bitcoin BS and learnt a valuable lesson  but then later tried trading and realised I was losing money while i was chasing 2x profits on coins. I was also doing masternodes and staking. I have seen better results with buying ICOs and Hodling. I do not believe in buying coins out of ICO and hodling, unless they are something like Matrix AI which is only 2x the ICO price and not on big exchanges yet. But buying coins already 30x their ico price and hodling them is pointless, but ICO like Simple token, ICon, Origintrail, Chainlink, Power LEdger and others are all worth buying at ICo and Hodling. 
MY point and my explanations are simply to say that Trading works for some and Hodling works for others. I as a hodler put in just as much time if not more than traders because I spend all day and night reading research and following the real crypto news. 
I know trading didnt work for me because i was bad at it, but I am good at researching and picking ICOs and Holding them. I am not good at trading. So why would trading be better for me than Hodling&gt; I will not use a question mark because there is no answer to that in my life. I also enjoy what i do and I love that I have had new members of the crypto world follow my research and cash in a couple of hundred K. I am glad that this changed their lives and they cashed that out but for me, I do not cash out. I believe liek you do that the future of crypto is happening and my holds will naturally be worth more in 2 years than they are now. I make it a point to invest on infrastructure that is wanted by other devs and needed, but mainly stay away from retail goods and services which could be taken out by competition within 2 years. Hopefully my infrastructure investments will be built on top of and sealed into the blockchain world not allowing them to go to a value of zero. I am not arguing with you what it right and wrong but you are saying and stating that hodling meme is a loss, while trading is the way to go and I feel you are wrong because you can not speak for everyone. Everyone is built differently and even if i know exactly how to be a good trader, my natural level of patience may not allow me to be the good trader I know how to be.
There is this saying people say "Each to their own". 
@_date: 2018-02-23 02:07:50
Another idiot who mortgaged their house for 19k bitcoin and sold it for 8k. I too would be bitter enough to lurk reddit insulting people who are doing well if I was such a Ankle like yourself. Calling me a scam for telling my story. Donkey.