@_author: vitringur
@_date: 2017-12-23 15:01:18
What's worth more, a $1000 dollars in gold or a $1000 in bitcoin?
@_date: 2017-11-20 16:09:14


You shouldn't. What you would do is figure out your optimal production, which maximizes your profit. 


This doesn't make any sense. You are not coherent and you are obviously not following any model. 
The demand is something you face. You can't just "make more demand". If people don't value your product, they don't value it. Then it is just waste to produce more of it. 
The only thing you are saying is that you are creating a bad product and you shouldn't be in business in the first place. You shouldn't have customers and you definitely shouldn't be hiring workers. 


oh, btw: I wasn't. The argument is the argument. Maths is however the language with which we can model our arguments and present them in a coherent, objective and understandable manner. 
You are just rambling without inherent logic. 


If you get a loan that means somebody else is saving. Savings is just a way for you to loan yourself. That's an extra step that we don't need in this discussion, but it doesn't change the outcome. 
We can also assume we are already at the optimal L. If not, just increase L until you are at the optimal amount. 
@_date: 2017-11-20 21:33:06
Sure. But I was emphasising the necessity of savings. 
Deficit spending isn't possible if you don't introduce an entity into the system that has savings to loan to the one running the deficit.
@_date: 2017-11-19 16:23:00


That is an oversimplification. 


Again, currencies don't try to be anything. There is however government policy to inflate the currency, which basically just means to increase the amount of money. 
Which shouldn't be surprising. The temptation of printing money is always there. People with control over the production of money have always used every excuse at hand to allow themselves to create more of it. 
It's just taxation without all the hassle. 
Again, you are talking about an unexpected deflation swing. An unexpected inflation swing is also damaging. 
There is however no economic consensus that a stable, low deflation is any more damaging than a stable low inflation.
This is a repeated mantra. The theoretical framework however isn't there to support it. 
@_date: 2017-11-20 14:54:26


That doesn't make any sense. You can't just "increase" production willy nilly. Production is the output. Labour and Capital are the inputs. To get more production, you either need more labour or more capital. 


If 10 are unsold it means that the price is too high. There is overproduction of that particular product. The producer either needs to lower his price or decrease his production, which ever generates more profit for him. 


Which it should. If there isn't enough demand for the product then spending labour on producing it is a waste. 


No. That's not how any of this works. 
You can't get more apples by eating more apples. You have to pick them first. Your model isn't coherent and doesn't add up. 
If you are only able to pick 10 apples per day, but you want to increase your consumption to 15 apples per day, you can't just start by eating 15 apples. You don't have them. You can't produce them. 
First you are going to maybe invest in a ladder, so that you are able to climb higher into the trees, so that you can pick 15 apples per day. 
But it takes time and effort to build the ladder. You might need a whole day to make the ladder. But you still need to eat. 
You could lower your consumption to 9 apples per day, and save one apple every day. After 10 days, you have 10 apples lying around that you can eat while you build the ladder. After that, you can increase your consumption to 15 apples per day. 
The problem you are talking about is easily fixed by just lowering prices. That's called deflation. It works. It clears the market. 
@_date: 2017-11-23 17:48:26
My inbox filled up and I lost interest. Might give it another look.
@_date: 2017-11-19 12:35:27
That only applies as long as the deflation is significant. 
When the deflation drops below the general interest rates, there's no longer any reason to keep your money rather than any other investment. 
@_date: 2017-11-19 14:34:06
The economy is all about production, not spending. Spending is just transactions, and people can't transact if they don't produce. 
The point is that unstable prices are bad, whether or not they are the root cause of the badness or not. 
There is however no reason why 2% deflation should be any worse than 2% inflation. 
@_date: 2017-11-20 23:21:27


That's an understatement. 
In the long run and ceteris paribus, the real interest rate is the only thing that matters. 
Sure you can fuck up loan contracts in the short term with changing price levels. That goes equally for inflation and deflation. 


No. The real interest rate is exactly that: "The *REAL* interest rate"
Changing inflation just changes the nominal rate. 
(In the long term. In the short term you can fuck up things as much as you want)


You are talking about short term effects. They go equally for deflation and inflation. They are bad, either way. 
I am not trolling. I know perfectly well what I am talking about. I have a degree in this stuff. 
@_date: 2017-11-19 13:50:10
There is nothing wrong with slight deflation, any more than a slight inflation. 
To what end? You don't see the incentive for the owner of the money machine to create more money? 
@_date: 2017-11-19 12:38:17
My unspent money in my pocket is providing my with utility. It gives me the security that I know I can buy what I want when I need. 
It is more valuable for me to have the money in my pocket than "spending it". I am using it. I want to have it in my pocket. 
@_date: 2017-11-19 12:36:45
No it's not. Unstable and rapid changes in prices are a sign of an unhealthy economy. 
But a low and steady deflation is just as healthy as a low and steady inflation. 
@_date: 2017-11-19 18:18:21


Congratulations. You have just calculated the real interest rate. What is your point?


And no one should. What is the point? You are just talking about real interests rate. It doesn't matter what the inflation or deflation are in those examples. It all boils down to the real rate. 


People don't put money under their pillow. And why is that a problem? People have the right to save money in their pillow. Why do you want to tax that away from people?
Also, people don't invest with inflation, they spend and consume. They consume more than they would like. 


No, it would be the opposite of drinking. It would be an anti drug. It would decrease the present with a benefit in the future. 
It would be more like going to the gym. It suck, but you will be glad you did in a couple of years. 
@_date: 2017-11-21 00:13:42
When I say "short term" I am referring to the price level changing within a particular loan contract. As in completely unexpected and unforeseeable.
When I say "long term" I mean that all parties are aware of the current inflation, what it tends to be and what it might be. 
In any case, these sort of critiques only tell us that manufacturing inflation or deflation is damaging to loan contracts and creates unfairness. 
There is nothing that indicates that deflation is somehow worse than inflation. 
In the short term, inflation is better for the borrower and vice versa. (for unindexed loans)
@_date: 2017-11-20 16:38:22
In economic terms it would be called "aggregate demand". 
There are models that deal with such ideas, but you would need way more mathematics to put them forth. 
They are also the types of models I was critizising. 
To get an "over all" picture, you first need a small picture. It's rarely clever to jump straight into the deep end. 
This kind of model completely breaks down when describing an individual economy, which is my problem. 
Aggregate demand was an approach popularized by Keynes. Say's law however already tackled the problem of markets not clearing. 
One of the ways to clear a market is to allow for deflation. 
Keynes had to introduce the concepts of "sticky prices" and "sticky wages" in order of his model of aggregate demand making any sense. 
But in that scenario, the root problem is obviously not the deflation itself. It's the stickiness of wages and prices. In that case, stop worrying about the currency and start fixing the labour market laws. 
But I don't see why the same arguments don't go for deflation as go for inflation. 
I have yet to see a convincing economic theory of why inflation is preferable, or even necessary. 
Source: I am a master in economics but I have also read some austrian approach. Austrian in my free time, mainstream in school. 
@_date: 2017-11-19 13:04:37
You are talking about sudden and rapid deflation. In the same way that sudden and rapid inflation is bad. 
Also, currencies are not naturally inflationary and currencies don't try to be. Governments, and bodies that control the money supply however try to inflate the currency. 
The temptation of the money printer is always there, and there will always be those who try to justify it's use. 
@_date: 2017-11-19 18:11:39
That's not how it works. 
You can just as easily say that deflation leads to more saving, and that saving boosts the economy. 
You can't pick one and not the other. There is no definitive economic reasoning behind disliking deflation and favouring inflation. 
@_date: 2017-11-20 17:41:14
No hard feelings. 


By definition that is wishful thinking, i.e. you admit that you don't know the reasons for the policy and just hope that is was made with the general public in mind. 
The people that control the currency have their own incentives. We can imagine that there is a benevolent government that is just a program designed to maximize human prosperity. We can also imagine a guy that owns a money printing machine. 
The reality is somewhere in between, but I am biased towards thinking about "people in control" just like all other people.
A History of Money and Banking in the United States - Murray Rothbard is a great read on the evolution of currency in the USA. It is however based on the Austrian perspective. It's also really long and I don't expect anyone to actually read it (it took me a couple of months on audio book).
Just keep in mind that the people in the 17th and 18th century also had "reasons" for import tarriffs that were just "accepted". Those who benefit from centrally controlling resources, taxes or the money supply will always have their supporters why their monopoly is acceptable. 
I am generally skeptical towards such approaches. I am definitely not an expert on monetary policy or the policies of central banks. 
However, throughout my education, my personal readings and my visits to multiple central banks, I have not been provided with a sufficient reason for why deflation is such a boogeyman and inflation is praised. 
That attitude however falls perfectly in line with the idea that those who control the money want to create more of it. Basically legal counterfeiting. 
@_date: 2017-11-21 16:41:31


This is also in a large part what Milton Friedman introduced to economics and monetary policy.


The problem is that you are favouring one party above the other. 
Let's assume the Real Interest Rate is: 5%
If there is 5% inflation in the economy, the lender will demand 10% on the loan. 
If there is 5% deflation in the economy, the lender will demand 0% on the loan. 


No, since inflation is incorporated into the nominal interest rate. If you live in a society that has 5% inflation and 5% real interest rates, you won't get a loan for under 10%. 
So the borrower benefits nothing. He only benefits if there are changes in the interest rate that have not been foreseen and not been incorporated into the nominal rate. 
This is why societies with volatile inflation rates have the opportunity of indexing the loans (the interest rate changes with the inflation)
That is to keep the real amount steady.
@_date: 2017-11-20 15:38:48
Clearly not, since you don't seem to know basic economics. 
If you do, just think of a simple production function P=F(L,K).
If you want to increase production, you have to increase L, K or both. You can't just "increase production" and then invest it. You need to make short term sacrifices to get the long term benefits. 
Then we can start to figure out a bliss point and all that. 
@_date: 2017-11-20 14:27:25
What? How does spending increase the economy? You can't spend things you don't produce. 
If the economy produces 100 units of a product, you can't spend any more on that. You capital stock, your technology and your labour only allows for 100 units to be produced. 
If you want more than 100 units in the future, you are going to have to invest in capital. To invest in capital, you are going to have to decrease your consumption today to create extra capital. 
The economy doesn't grow by just consuming more. We are already consuming. 
If we want to consume more in the future, i.e. grow, we need to save in the present so that we can invest in said growth. 
"Spending" isn't really a thing. It's just one part of a transaction. What matters is production, the products we are actually consuming. 
You can't "spend" on something that hasn't been produced. 
If we have enough products and nobody is buying them, then they are priced too high and we need deflation so that people will buy them. 
@_date: 2017-11-20 20:23:44


You were just calculating the real interest rate. I know how to calculate the real interest rate. Inflation and deflation doesn't change the real interest rate, only the nominal interest rate. 
The "cost" of the loan is determined by the real interest rate, not the nominal one. 




Banning also creates an incentive. The outcome is the same. You are just doing in a politically correct manner. 
"I'm not banning you from importing. I'm just going to tax you to incentivize you to stop importing"
The effect and intent is the same. Controlling people and their money. 


I am not going to go into behavioural economics or behavioural finances. 
The math however is pretty simple. Your incentive to invest is determined by your time preference and the real interest rate. Inflation does not effect the real interest rate, only the nominal interest rate. 


Again, you are just talking about the nominal interest rate and which portion of that is covering the real interest and which part of it is covering the inflation. The long time equilibrium is the real interest rate, which is not effected by a steady deflation more than it is effected by a steady inflation. 
In any case, you can also index loans, in price changes are going out of control. 


I know. I have read textbooks by Mankiw. I am also a graduated economist and finishing a masters degree in economics. 
It's pretty farfetched to say the "current system" is based on Keynesian economics. We have already thrown out plenty of Keynsian models, such as the IS-LM.
Assume I have already taken those lectures. I have not seen them provide sufficient reasons for why deflation is the devil it is made out to be and why inflation is preferable. 
Was there any chapter in particular you are referring to? I might have this book at home somewhere.
@_date: 2017-11-19 13:48:38
In your own link:


It's actually the other way around. There just isn't enough economic research to support the idea that deflation is any more damaging than inflation. 
You can't just point to the Great Depression as being caused by deflation. There were plenty of things that went wrong, and deflation was a symptom. The inflation of the "roaring 20's" also needs to be taken into account. 
This is a mantra that gets repeated multiple times. There however never seems to be much economic basis for this deflation myth. 
@_date: 2017-11-23 16:40:08
On what?
@_date: 2017-11-19 13:02:38
I have read a few of them. 
If a low and steady deflation is so bad, how come it defines the 19th century U.S.A., which showed the most growth in human history. 
A low and steady deflation is not dangerous. 
There is however a consistent inflationary propaganda that exists across disciplines. There is however little theoretical framework to support that myth. 
@_date: 2017-11-20 17:54:08


You are just outsourcing the savings. 
You still need to save first.
My point stands. 
This has nothing to do with media or service products. You are just over complicating the model to hide your incoherence. 
@_date: 2017-11-20 16:14:20
You are over complicating the model without changing the results. 
I was isolating the core concepts; production, investment, consumption and savings. 
You are talking about a completely different thing, which is irrelevant to my point. 
You cannot just increase production by consuming more. You can't eat more apples than you pick. 
You first need to increase productivity. To do that, you need to invest. To invest you need to save. To save you need to lower your temporary consumption. 
Whether or not you make applesauce or not is irrelevant to this discussion. 
I am also removing "money" from this discussion, since it is also relevant. We don't need it to theorize the basics of production, investment and consumption. 
@_date: 2017-11-19 15:57:02
There doesn't "need to be a demand". Either people have preferences for something or they don't. They don't "need" to have them. 
There will always be demand, since just like everything else in the universe, humans need to consume. 


Not if the loans are indexed. There is nothing to say that the market can't add the deflation to the interests, just like it does with inflation. 


Again, the same goes for inflation. This isn't really a problem.


Jobs are not an economic goal in themselves. They are a means to an end. There is some amount of optimal loans. You can't just assume that more loans means a better economy. That's is exactly what's wrong with inflation in the first place. 


Inflation causes people to consume instead of save. How can you have loans when you don't have savings?


People can't consume if they don't produce. The problem was a fall in production, not consumption. 
Those deflationary phases were always following a inflationary upswing before that. Again, inflation is just as much or as little of a problem as deflation. 
You reasoning is on par with blaming your bad health on your hangover, ignoring the fact that you were drinking the night before. 
@_date: 2017-11-20 14:23:12


That doesn't make any sense. The real interest rates tells us the real cost of the loan. It doesn't matter what the inflation or deflation is, as long as it is steady and known. 


So you are just forcing people to risk their savings to subsidies loans. Debit accounts usually don't have interests that counter inflation. Banking for this use is irrelevant of inflation. It's more for the convenience and safety. 
I have no idea what you are rambling about marxism and I have no idea why banning people from keeping money in their pillows is a necessary condition for a working and competitive economy. 
We could just as easily say that it reduces competition, i.e. the banks no longer have to compete with the pillowcases. Why shouldn't the banks have to compete with the pillow? If banks can't provide services that the pillow can, isn't that the root of the problem?


I just did. Inflation is no incentive to invest. It's an incentive to spend. Investment is incentivized through the real interest rate. Inflation and deflation do not change the real interest rate. 
But my main point is, I have still not seen sufficient theoretical groundwork, nor empirical research, that indicates that a slow and steady deflation is any more damaging than a slow and steady inflation. 
Depressions and recessions are real effects, and their symptoms can often be deflation. That's not necessarily bad. It might even be necessary. 
The problem was some underlying fault in the economy up until that point, in many cases the inflation that was assumed "healthy" up until that point. 
@_date: 2018-02-04 11:39:57
BTC investors are themselves speculators. They are just mad that they weren't able to con other people. 
They were happy as long as other people were bumping up their prices. They are mad that they didn't see the future and know how to sell at the extreme height. 
They could have all sold a long time ago, but they didn't. 
The coins are still worth far more than most of those hodlers bought for originally. 
@_date: 2018-02-04 11:36:28
Are you seriously asking people to go to another subreddit for you and surf it and pick out something that you might like?
Just go over there yourself and scroll through it. 
They are constantly making gifs about how nothing gets upvoted except meta gifs. 
@_date: 2018-02-04 11:43:46
Which doesn't make any sense. 
If he was sure of his decision, he would happily buy from the others. 
If he doesn't, he's just waiting to sell before the others. 
In any case, you should never believe someone telling you to hold an asset for your own sake. 
@_date: 2018-02-04 11:42:02
It was always my least favourite episode, since it is a recap episode, but still my all time favourite scene. 
When he puts the beer in the paint shaker I start giggling. When the house exploded, I exploded with it. 