@_author: vizionofficial
@_date: 2013-11-21 18:11:58
Whoever is moving money in or out of the exchange is required to identify and account for their USD through foreign exchange controls as they convert to BTC and once again with whomever they convert out of BTC with, unless they do so p2p... if they did that, that's the same thing as having cash and flying out the country, except that they've voluntarily identified themselves by purchasing BTC and notified authorities of their money movements. An intellegent taxation system recognizes that taxing  fiat to BTC, BTC to fiat and taxing companies accepting BTC and earning profits in BTC is the only way in which they can benefit from cryptocurrencies. Ban it outright and they miss the opportunity as people will trade p2p and use mixers, dark wallets etc.
@_date: 2013-12-16 14:42:24
:D Yes I did. Thank you.
@_date: 2013-11-21 17:53:26
hi, I'm the other co-founder of this startup. Believe me, we are dealing with all of the red flags thrown our way, and there are plenty of them. The reality of the economic situation in the Caribbean is that whilst regulators and foreign exchange controls seek to restrict the outflow of foreign exchange, there is ultimately an increase in spending power of bitcoin holders in the relevant jurisdiction with currency deflation associated with the new holding of the other foreign currency, XBT. That increases GDP of the economy, the low trnasaction fees and growing international reach of bitcoins facilitates liberation from the US dollar and access directly to good and services from all over the world, which will stimulate trade, and therefore lead to taxable profits, import duties and, with access to better inputs, it also allows the economies of the islands to assemble better goods and services with export potential for themselves. Our governments are traditionally 3 steps behind the world, we are lobbying hard to help make the Caribbean a Bitcoin financial centre. God knows some of our islands need some vision and bitcoin is a huge opportunity to stimulate our economies 