@_author: viz-toasty
@_date: 2017-08-01 18:09:00
While I agree with your statement, OP was just asking a simple question(granted, it's been asked a hundred other times on this sub). No need to be rude about it. :)
@_date: 2017-08-02 14:06:18
From what I understand, any BTC wallet created before the split now has a corresponding BCH wallet with the same address, private keys, and quantity of the respective currency. In order to do anything with your BCH, besides HODLing, you will need to install a BCH wallet client and to get access to your BCH you will need to import your wallet with your existing private keys(which are the same private keys for your BTC wallet). In order to prevent malicious sites or clients from stealing your bitcoin, it is a good idea to create a new wallet(a new post-fork BTC wallet will not have a BCH counterpart) and send your BTC to that new wallet. In doing this you remove all BTC associated with the old address and are free to import the private keys into a BCH wallet without risking your BTC. Someone please correct me if I'm wrong! This is what I've made of the whole situation. Hope this helps you!
tl;dr: Move your BTC to a wallet created post-fork or risk your BTC when you try to do things with BCH.
@_date: 2017-11-29 19:24:26
The hashing algorithms used in different cryptocurrencies are different. ASIC miners are much more efficient at mining Bitcoin’s algorithm than GPUs are.
@_date: 2017-11-28 06:17:37
Wallets created before the chain split exist on both the BTC and BCH chains. With a little extra work you can access both coins and do with either as you please.
Edit: Below I have copy and pasted from a comment I wrote a while ago with a basic tutorial, though you may be able to find a more clear tutorial by searching the subreddit a bit. Hope this helps :).
From what I understand, any BTC wallet created before the split now has a corresponding BCH wallet with the same address, private keys, and quantity of the respective currency. In order to do anything with your BCH, besides HODLing, you will need to install a BCH wallet client and to get access to your BCH you will need to import your wallet with your existing private keys(which are the same private keys for your BTC wallet). In order to prevent malicious sites or clients from stealing your bitcoin, it is a good idea to create a new wallet(a new post-fork BTC wallet will not have a BCH counterpart) and send your BTC to that new wallet. In doing this you remove all BTC associated with the old address and are free to import the private keys into a BCH wallet without risking your BTC. Someone please correct me if I'm wrong! This is what I've made of the whole situation. Hope this helps you!
tl;dr: Move your BTC to a wallet created post-fork or risk your BTC when you try to do things with BCH.
@_date: 2017-11-29 19:20:19
It is neither profitable or practical at this point. Your money would be better spent on ASIC mining hardware or straight up buying into BTC in an exchange. If you want to mine with GPUs you’re better off mining altcoins like ETH and ZEC and trading them for BTC.
@_date: 2017-07-25 13:29:24
I'm in the exact same boat bro. Good luck to you!