@_author: vk2war
@_date: 2019-06-17 01:06:00
Thanx for the help mate, I appreciate it.
@_date: 2019-06-17 01:09:39
Thanx for that, thats how I read it too.  Which is why I reported him. He even in the last week has had the audacity to contact me to help him clear up his accounting mess because this is outstanding. Or something like that, I ignored him and just told him he had been reported to ACORN and the AFP and he came back with "What over a $500 transaction!" or something to that affect, he also asked me for a return address, which if he looks about 4 emails back he will see that I provided it to him already. 
Thia guy is one hell df a leech!
@_date: 2019-05-17 04:11:58
I do not get it either.  I think [Coinshop.com]( is some kind of company that is Coinbase franchised or something.   Maybe this website is acting as one of those and is using their payment api or something.  Its hard to tell because what he said to me does not make sense. 










Now I do not know about you, but none of that make sense. I already filled out some form, confirming that I wished to continue with the transaction after the first time.  I do not want to go anywhere near that domain again, as this looks to me like a phishing exercise.
@_date: 2019-05-17 04:28:57
Found the transaction.  it has an option underneath to "Request Payment" or Donation.  Will request Payment reimburse me, or pay them?
  
There is actually a minute(tiny) second transaction here.  Which I never made, so maybe the guy is right, when he says it was cancelled due to some kind of scam like imprint.  Which must be coming from their end, because all I did was fill out a form, put in my wallet address and send the amount they asked for. 
Perhaps their webform was corrupt. 
I do not know.
@_date: 2019-05-17 04:36:11
Thats what I thought and why I refused to even open up his attachment (PDF) which I did under a virtual machine and I dont understand it at all.
Originally I was asked if I wanted to continue to place a code into a box, on a separate webform. 
So yes, from that point on I was suspicious after he came out with that clap trap about his python api. 
Now I understand Assembly on Microcontrollers.  I have no clue about higher level languages, and I am not about to start decoding his API written in Python. 
All I know is a little C, some shell coding, and I can flip through stuff.  But I think I understand enough, that that was a page worth of total b/s basically asking me to pay twice for something I already paid for, unless anyone else can make sense of it.
@_date: 2019-05-17 03:59:26
Thanks for the help, I have never heard of Living Room of Satoshi before you just mentioned it, will check it out for future (Hey this is my first transaction with BTC) attempts.
@_date: 2019-05-17 03:48:53
Hey I agree with you to an extent.  I am not blaming anyone but myself.  However, I was not trying to "Save a buck" I am on a Military Pension, and I don't have a buck to spare, hence rather than crashing my credit cards which are almost at Tony the Teeth Puller level, I decided to use something I had, which apparently has a value (BTC) to purchase the item.   I was not about to start running recon-ng on a website that looks perfectly presentable.  I still haven't as I am placing myself as far away from the joint as I possibly can and trying to leave it up to the Feds to see if they can make sense out of it. 
There is also the possibility the website is legit. 
I do not care either way.  I am not running a scam, I did not pay more than I could, because I was asked to pay X in their form, which is what I sent via my Trezor Wallet using their Webform.
The blockchain is supposed to show the entire transaction.  I just do not know how to follow it.  I have other things to do, like try and sort out a new car for my wife and I, as a bus just took both of them out.
  
I also, have just started a new rehab programme, and that course I want to do starts in 10 days, and in that time I have to understand C &amp; at least some extra networking knowledge to pass a heap of tests.   Otherwise I am back to Uni to get those up and trust me I hate Australian Communist Petri Dishes.
Anyway, I thought it a good idea, to A) see if anyone knew the best way to find out where the monies ended up, if its still in the ether somewhere because I have a sneaky suspicion that because I only had about $1.82 left after the purchase, maybe that was a problem. B)  Let everyone know this place probably isn't trust worthy, because I did ring Shopify by PHONE to the US with a real Human being, who could not help me.  Coinbase has so many gate keepers you may as well try and get to the fake president of Venezuela.  
  
The people at this [coinflipshop.com](  said they spoke with Coinbase &amp; Shopify and that the money had been returned. 
Well this all occurred on the 15th of April at 03.33Hrs.   Its not back in my wallet. 
 Obviously the BTC has not been returned, which is not what I wanted anyway, I wanted the device, which I had to eventually chew up my credit card to buy instead.
So, now I want my BTC back, if I can get it, which is probably like trying to find Big Foot.
The problem here is not so much that I got scammed, its that Australia does not allow you to withdraw BTC in cash just anywhere, you can buy it, but you cannot cash  it in anywhere, unless you buy something online with it.  Or are prepared to spend the same amount of fees as you would with stock broker.  
I started getting some crypto, because you cannot just buy 10 x $40 shares on the stock market.  There are minimum purchases, and if you do not have the cash, too bad, you cannot play.   
But welcome to socialism 101 where they want you to pay for respiration, and dying.
@_date: 2019-05-17 04:00:26
I have never heard of coinjar either, so will check it out thanks mate.  
And thanks everyone for pointing these things out.  I appreciate it.