@_author: vkdabdph
@_date: 2015-01-05 22:17:22
Do I need to verify my identity to, deposit Bitcoin, trade, withdraw Bitcoin. I looked in your FAQ and only noticed level 1 &amp; level 2 verification for transferring fiat in and out.
@_date: 2015-02-19 06:06:24
Because with Bitcoin, you can.
@_date: 2015-02-18 21:10:08
Think of Madoff, or the cellufun game mocking him.
Fun game that was.
Madoffs idea.
Give me something to invest.
Give small portions of original back but say it's this months earnings, expect higher returns, optionally allow them to reinvest for even higher earnings. The money in their hands originally from them but they don't know that makes them think, gee whiz why not put it back into my portfolio to increase my earnings. They refer others. You take some of the others money and give it to them, tell them to keep it, but if they'll like to invest more theirs a large opportunity but the minimum is more than what they have invested. Give some back to person B, pump them like original pump to person A. Get person A and B hyped to refer person C and D. Etc. Now your just returning small portions of other people's money and if someone wishes to cash out remind them that some of it is locked away but be ready to give some back. Brag about how other returns are and they'll miss out etc. Occasionally you lose someone, to keep the scheme going you find more "investors" (suckers) so you can cash someone out, but the goal is to get them to reinvest, and they're more likely if they actually held the cash, then " oh man, you missed a great opportunity, but there is another one coming up."
How is this the same
Tx logs = brag of others earnings
Promise of higher returns if you invest more. But you can't take out your original investment.
Referral program.
But if you get in early enough, sucker some to click your affiliate link, get out soon enough, you'll leave with some earnings gained from the loss of the last to get in.
The big winner is the company when they Make-off with the difference.