@_author: vlantagonist
@_date: 2017-10-28 01:45:53
Calling it creation is largely semantics- those deposits still offset loans. That there are other (much less lucrative) methods of securing funds isn’t really relevant to the business model, which is still functionally get deposits by offering interest (better if funds are locked in via certificates of deposit) and services in order to lend at much more favorable rates of return. That’s still very relevant to an article whose central precept is that bitcoin will displace banks just like Amazon destroyed brick and mortar stores (or Uber destroyed cans, since that’s the example of industry disruption that leads every Gartner presentation I’ve ever sat through). As I said, banks aren’t really fundamentally in the business of providing payment processing or cashing checks. That’s not their raison d’etre. Those are inducements to deposit only, and if anything, articles emphasizing the ability to draw cash from the central bank (for a worse profit margin, mind you, and with less cross sell opportunities or fee incomes) only underscore that perspective. 
But I will readily agree that even the slightly raised prime is terrible for drawing deposits.
@_date: 2017-10-27 19:50:06
That's a strong assertion, but I'm certainly willing to hear your argument in favor of it. I work in leadership for a large FI, but admittedly in a stack that's not ostensibly as focused on finance, so I'm certainly interested in hearing you out. How am I so utterly wrong about financial institutions and how they earn money? 
For the record, if necessary to support my own counter-counter argument, I will first ask you to read over the financial report for a major bank like Wells Fargo, as I'll be referencing it in my retort. 
@_date: 2017-10-28 00:09:59
I’ve read those articles, but sadly I’ll need your explanation of how their relatively subtle distinction between literally directly using the precise funds obtained in a specific deposit to make a specific loan somehow utterly invalidates my capsule summary/abstraction of the business model of banks. The third article seems to hint at a peculiar agenda/mindset and I wonder if it is part of what is in play here? Is it anger at “fiat money”? 
As your own articles plainly state, deposits must balance the ledgers. Yes, they can be obtained from other sources, but it’s more expensive and there are regulatory requirements that mandate specific ratios. Those deposits also lead into other services (cross selling) and can generate fee based incomes for services, hence the various promotions used to attract deposits (matching funds, etc). Certainly there are complexities beyond the scope of my capsule summary- we also don’t always loan out all of our funds and can even invest them, but none of those things seem like a profound knock against my basic premise- the primary reason that banks pay dividends and offer services to attract deposits is so they can earn terrific rates of return on those deposits via loans. The accounting used in the process doesnt seem to utterly undermine the analogy to me, but I am certainly eager to see you explain how it does so.
@_date: 2017-10-26 16:03:58
People who assert that bitcoin will replace banks don't seem to have a good grasp on what banks actually do. Banks aren't in the check-cashing or payment processing 'business'- they may derive some fee-based income from those services, but it's hardly their bread and butter. Banks are in the business of money rental. They pay you to park your funds with them, first literally via dividends (with more available the more locked in those funds are), then via incentivizing services like check issuance, peer to peer payments, online banking, billpay, etc. Those services are only an inducement to deposit, and all of those things are EXPENSES to the bank. They willingly pay them to secure the capital which they then promptly lend out. That's how they earn the lion's share of their income, and the better they strike the right balance of securing it for relatively little while lending as much of it out as safely possible, the more successful they become. They want to reward you for depositing cash with them so they can lend it out, and yeah, so they can cross-sell you more means by which you'll borrow (or earn interchange fees). But either way, that cash is promptly going right back out again at an advantageous rate of return. 
Bitcoin isn't an existential threat to that model. It could cause a disruption to the service incentive piece of the puzzle that helps banks secure cash, but they have many means of earning those deposits. Peer to peer lending, on the other hand, is a shot across the bow...