@_author: vnaughttcostheta
@_date: 2018-02-02 13:12:37
Lmao, this kind of trading analysis is straight off Found an example 
@_date: 2018-02-02 14:25:46
Your "trading based on charts" is literally a meme. I linked you an example in Here's another way to practice "trading based on charts". Print out the chart and grab a quarter. Throw your chart away and flip the quarter. If heads, buy. If tails, sell. That has the exact same chance of working as what you're describing. 
It's fine to speculate in cryptocurrency if your argument is something like, "I think amazon is going to start accepting bitcoin, which will increase public interest and drive up the price." A shitty argument is "just look at this microsoft paint analysis I did". 
And this is coming from someone in early-ish. I first got my first bitcoin when it was actually used as a currency (on Reddit) in around 2012. I didn't get in when it was pennies, but I did when it was dollars. I sold at $17K. I don't have any right now because I like the idea of cryptocurrency, but bitcoin isn't used as a currency. Volatility - including increasing price - is terrible for a currency, because it discourages using it as currency and instead encourages speculation. 
@_date: 2018-02-06 04:38:32
I cashed out at $16.5K after I learned my mom knew what bitcoin was. I was told I was a shill spreading FUD. When it hit $19K, I had people making fun of me.
@_date: 2013-10-28 05:53:48
Does this automatically create a coinbase account for me? I just registered one and I clicked the link like it said to in the PM, but it claims the token is already claimed or invalid. If it does create an account, how do I get that one back?
Sorry, I'm new to bitcoin :(.
@_date: 2013-10-27 03:02:19
Here's how I'd do the episode:
After watching Breaking Bad, Cartman realizes he can make ten million dollars by cooking meth. He recruits Kenny to help him, because Kenny is poor and poor people know how to cook meth.
After being told he can't buy 100 boxes of sudafed at the store, he tries to buy it off the internet, and learns the best place to do that is Silk Road. His transaction goes down smoothly and he and Kenny get their sudafed and cook meth. They try to begin to sell their meth, but Towelie can't afford to buy $30000 in meth, and they can't find anyone else to sell it to. So, they turn to the silk road again to sell their meth.
Cartman starts spending all this money he makes and flaunts his new found wealth, which makes him very popular around school. Kyle is obviously suspicious of this, so Kyle stalks Cartman and eventually breaks into his house (or maybe Kenny's trailer) and finds the meth lab. 
Meanwhile, Cartman tries to go to the movies with his new-found friends, and attempts to pay for his ticket/snacks with bitcoin, only to be told by the theater attendant that they only accept cash, debit, and credit card. Cartman angrily storms off and decides he must get the US to change their official currency from USD to bitcoin.
Continuing to make meth, Cartman begins to bribe politicians and store owners with bitcoin. More and more places begin to start accepting bitcoin. Kyle, having enough of this nonsense, reports Cartman to the DEA, but Cartman bribes the DEA with bitcoin to let him continue. 
After bitcoin becomes widely popular, congress prepares to vote on a law that will officially change the US's currency from USD to bitcoin. As one last attempt to stop Cartman, Kyle tries to stir up drama about bitcoin. Kyle convinces Ted Cruz (**or some other celebrity**) to publicly and strongly support bitcoin. Everyone hates Ted Cruz, so people immediately begin to dislike bitcoin. The law gets rejected and bitcoins fall from a price of $10,000 each to a negative value. Cartman gets pissed off at Kyle and Kenny dies after an explosion in their meth lab.
@_date: 2013-10-28 05:52:04
Does this automatically create a coinbase  account for me? I just registered one and I clicked the link like it said to in the PM, but it claims the token is already claimed or invalid. If it does create an account, how do I get that one back?
Sorry, I'm new to bitcoin :(.
@_date: 2013-10-27 21:39:12
Awesome, thanks. I've always thought bitcoin was a cool idea, but I've always been too poor to feel like I justify spending the time and money on buying any.