@_author: vocow
@_date: 2015-01-17 22:07:09
Yeah they hate the true America as outlined by the Declaration of Independence and constitution. In the Missouri homeland security report, they even said if you have a Ron Paul bumper sticker, it could be used to identify you as a terrorist.
@_date: 2015-01-17 21:43:20
I smell a redcoat!
@_date: 2015-01-17 22:01:19
They were rebels, rebelling against tyranny.  Yes if terrorism were a word used back then, then the British crown would certainly have called them terrorists in part of their propaganda war.  This is what is exactly happening today.  The government is gearing up for "domestic terrorism", and pointing the finger at constitutionalists, libertarians, tea party groups, occupy protestors.  Here is a video of them admitting they are gearing up for [war against constitutionalists](
Also FEMA was caught teaching police and firefighters that the [Founding Fathers were terrorists](
Also the [MIAC homeland security report]( came out where they said constitutionalists, and Ron Paul supporters are suspected terrorists, along with Christians.
@_date: 2015-01-18 01:31:27
Yeah absolutely bro, the Boston bombings were completely staged.  They had private security military groups, like Craft International there, wearing their classic skull hats and black and khaki uniforms.  One of them was wearing the exact backpack that exploded.  All the photos and evidence is online.  The people downvoting obviously never researched it.
After the bombing they stripped people from their homes, and searched people's homes at gunpoint violating their 4th amendment.  They had tanks rolling down the street pointing guns in people's faces.
Then the bomber suspect's friend got murdered in cold blood during an FBI interview, plus other people conveniently died during the cover up. It was a False Flag all the way.  Its only the beginning of what the criminal elements within the government have planned to come.  All the downvoters will find out eventually.
The current bombing suspect is just a patsy and he and his brother were working with the CIA, and got set up to take the blame.  That is why they wanted him dead, and shot him up for like a minute or two straight when he was in that boat.  Then when he still didn't die, he came out they there was no blood on his neck in the photos, but they soon after slit his throat so he couldn't talk while in the hospital.
Soon they will stage some false flag terror stuff to blame on libertarians, then they will have more weight in the battle for public opinion when they call Ron Paul supporters terrorists.