@_author: voenie
@_date: 2014-02-26 09:42:59
occasional losses? Some people committed suicide over their losses! And only those who already sold BTC made money, the others with accumulated BTC only have the potential to make money. Those are still speculating (read gambling).
Crypto can become useful, but as of now it isn't. You don't buy stuff with a bitcoin if that bitcoin could be worth double tomorrow.
"Yeah, some people like buying illegal stuff." And that's why there are regulations. 
You may think this is about buying pot or other victimless crimes. The real reason for those regulations is to fight organized crimes like forced prostitution/slave trade/funding terrorism/hiring hitman/weapon trade/human trafficking... 
Saying stuff like "Yeah, some people like buying illegal stuff." makes you sound like a naïve and uninformed r/bitcoin recruit.
@_date: 2014-02-26 10:41:58
Both, the ones on top of the pyramid have interest in manipulating others to keep the price high.
The rest of the community is blindly following and ignoring every piece of bad news they hear in hopes of also making mad money. The only problem is: this money has to come from somewhere, and that somewhere is the people who will be left with useless bitcoins when the price drops.
The people who made money on BTC made it by selling it to others.
@_date: 2014-02-25 12:14:23
I do. I feel protected in the same way I feel protected with my home insurance. It also costs me a small sum every month, but I wouldn't want to live without it.
Having money on my savings account feels very safe. I never once felt the need to check up on it, track it, back it up,...
My mother had someone stealing her credit card, was it a problem? No, she didn't lose a single €,$ or any percentage of her savings. Everything got reimbursed. Would she have the same security if she lost her bitcoin wallet? I don't think so.
Just like your amount of btc, my amount of € stays the same number. The amount of stuff I can buy with it does change. After a year I can buy slightly less stuff. The same thing is happening with your btc, only at a much higher rate. The rate at which it's changing is solely depending on other people willing to risk making money with btc. 
In the end, people who made money with btc made it on the backs of those who lost money with it. And more then 99,99% of the things bought with btc will be dollars, yen or euro's.
Please stop pretending it's anything else than an investment for you.
@_date: 2014-02-26 09:50:39


So not making money, but hoarding bitcoins?
Holding 120K BTC is not the same as making $64 million. Only by selling BTC you make money of it. otherwise it's speculating and that is indeed always ending in "cashing out or crashing out" (like u/phdpeabody said). Cashing out is at cost of those buying in.
The money made by Bitcoiners comes from other Bitcoiners. bitcoin is not magically creating extra dollars, yens and euros.
@_date: 2014-02-26 11:20:28
Good job.
@_date: 2014-02-26 10:52:38
You are not sending someone Bitcoins as a payment because you think it's going to be worth double tomorrow. On the other end the receiver has to trust it will not drop in value before he will accept payment in Bitcoins.
As it stands now, you could send x amount of bitcoin to anybody in the world and both hope it's still worth $30k when it arrives. We all know it's not going to stay the same value, as it's too volatile, so it has no use in any other way than speculation.
I wish people would see it as a speculation, as opposed to some solution for everything that's wrong with our economy.
@_date: 2014-02-26 08:53:35
Some of those in the second group don't know nearly enough about basic economics to put their money into BTC.