@_author: voidsheep
@_date: 2017-12-22 06:50:11
That right there is what the whole BTC vs. BCH drama is all about.
Scaling up the blocks was the initial plan outlined in the whitepaper and it *would* clear up the current transaction backlog quickly, restoring quick transactions with small fees *for now*.
The biggest drawback is that it'll increase the system requirements for running a Bitcoin node. This risks the network becoming more centralized and vulnerable.
This is why the development team sees block size increases as the last resort and opted to change how the transactions work (SegWit) and started to build second layer systems on top of the network (LN).
Some people said "fuck that", and the Bitcoin Cash fork happened, with BCH simply doing the bigger blocks as an immediate fix, to make it a viable digital currency *today*.
So perhaps the blocks should be bigger to ensure BTC works *today*, but just increasing block size isn't a silver bullet to long-term scaling and comes with some drawbacks. It's a topic where balanced opinions are hard to find, as both sides of the argument paint each other as villains.
@_date: 2017-08-31 13:46:26
I rarely see any Bitcoin Cash hate on my frontpage from it's mostly tired memes and sensationalist headlines, with some interesting news sprinkled in.
Virtually everything I see from is just negative posts about or Bitcoin itself, instead of positive things about Bitcoin Cash.
There's a very clear difference between the average (upvoted) post between the two subs. I think sampling like 20 most popular posts from each month should easily demonstrate it.
@_date: 2017-08-15 09:04:40
Bought at $70, had my coins in BIPS.
Hell of an expensive lesson to control your own private keys.
@_date: 2018-02-07 14:43:18
Forks are *good* and being able to fork your own project from an existing one is a very important aspect of open source software development.
Nobody is arguing against that.
But when you do fork a project, you make a new project. It's good practice to give your project a different name and brand so it doesn't get confused with the established one.
The fact people could fork BCH is a feature working as intended, but intentionally misleading people through naming and even domains like Bitcoin.com is nasty and hurts end-users.
Take NodeJS for example. People disagreed about things with the project authors, so they forked another project called io.js from it. Many people switched to the new project and eventually it was merged back, but nobody tried to take over the NodeJS project's identity and mislead people about it.
It's irrelevant what software projects are called, as long as it's clear which project you are referring to. This is why the entire naming issue is petty to begin with.
@_date: 2017-09-19 06:54:48
Forget BTC for a second.
Say you've got a ton of candy you want to sell. You could try finding buyers yourself and give them a bit of candy in exchange for their dollar bills. Very inconvenient, but doable.
Your neighbour Tom has a candy exchange business, he facilitates trades so he takes all your candy in, tries to sell them at the prices you've set and takes a cut for it.
Now by default, when Tom gets the money from your candies he sold, he just writes in his little notebook that you've got a balance of 1234$. This is convenient because if you decide you want to *buy* some candy, you'll just let him know. He'll buy the candy and add it to your balance.
But that's all it is. Balance in Tom's notebook, he has money and candy. If his house burns down, it's all gone.
Unless you *really* trust Tom, you should withdraw your money and candy from him to your own storage whenever you don't intend to buy or sell through his sevice.
Since crypto doesn't have the same kind of insurance and government backing as FIAT currency with banks, holding your own Bitcoins (private keys) is very important.
Additionally, imagine the dollars Tom is holding may split overnight into two separate bills with different values (like Bitcoin with Bitcoin Cash). If Tom has your money, he may just keep the new bills and give you just the old ones. If you store them yourself, you'll have both.
Exchanges are useful and have little incentive to scam you, but there's many reasons they shouldn't be used to *store* your Bitcoins.
@_date: 2017-09-05 09:32:19
Don't mistake an exchange for your wallet, even if they claim they'll provide "an online wallet" for you.
Exchange can give you an account and keep track of *balances* associated with that account for trading, but you can't *own* anything in an exchange.
Coinbase decides what you get to do with your *balance*, because they control all the actual currency.
While exchanges provide a very valuable and convenient trading service, they don't have the kind of regulation and insurances banks do and require a significant amount of trust from you.
Exchanges are also *extremely* lucrative targets for criminals. I've personally lost BTC I'll never see again thanks to an exchange being hacked a few years back, regardless of all the "bank-like" security measures like single sign-in codes.
This is why you should withdraw the currency from the exchange into your own wallet for storage.
Such wallet can be [software, hardware or even paper]( the important bit is that you alone hold the private key to control the actual currency. Then nobody can deny you access to the currency, even if the exchange goes down.
Now all that being said, exchanges are still a good thing and it's reasonable to trust them a little. A business like Coinbase or Kraken isn't run by amateurs, they take security seriously and stealing your coins would do more harm than good for them.
It's perfectly reasonable to have small sums of currency in an exchange for a little while if you are intending to trade them soon, but if you've got a significant amount of Bitcoin or any cryptocurrency, it's *really* dumb risk to let an exchange hold them.
@_date: 2017-07-12 11:41:17
I get your point, but let's not pretend the association came from out of the blue for no reason.
A suitcase full of USD is suspicious, why not just transfer it through the bank in broad daylight?
Cryptocurrency is suspicious for the same reason, potential for (somewhat) anonymous exchange, in this case *online*.
Cryptocurrency was a major enabler for places like Silk Road. Doesn't mean cryptocurrency is bad or criminal itself, but it's definitely appealing when law gets in the way of transactions.
Saying criminals use USD more than BTC is silly, the only relevant figure would be the ratio of legal to illegal transactions.
Especially if we look at a cryptocurrency like Monero, would you bet on that ratio being smaller for USD? I don't think so.
How about a ratio of drug transactions to all other transactions. Would you bet on USD being higher than BTC?
Privacy is ultimately a *good* thing for everyone and not depending on banks is a *feature*, but *not understanding* where association with criminal activity comes from? Seriously?
@_date: 2017-07-17 09:03:22
**The private key *is* your money**
Forget BTC for a second, let's think USD cash.
You have $100 cash in your wallet. You own it, nobody else does.
Now you give the $100 to Coinbase. They make it appear on your account balance, but you don't actually have the money anymore.
They can let you access the account balance and do something with it, but you rely on them. Should they shut down or deny access for whatever reason, your money is gone.
Same applies to Bitcoin with private keys. Whoever holds the private key holds the money. Should they only trade with one version of Bitcoin after a hard fork, you are at their mercy.
This is why it's a bad idea to keep your BTC in an exchange. Withdraw it into your own wallet nobody can lock you out of.
Exchanges are very useful and you can have *some* currency in there to conveniently trade with (as transactions take time), but most of your coins should always be in a wallet *you* control.
The best choice is getting a hardware wallet like [Trezor]( (or Ledger Nano) and storing a hand-written copy of the restoration seed somewhere very safe nobody else knows about.
This protects your currency no matter what happens with the exchanges, even if someone steals your hardware wallet and even if you plug it into a malware-ridden computer with a keylogger.
The second best option is a software wallet for your phone and/or computer. Bitcoin.org has [a list of them](
@_date: 2017-07-20 05:49:48
Let's think of it like this:
1. You have a bitcoin and you want to trade it for other currency
2. I say send me your bitcoin, I handle trading for other people
3. You send me your bitcoin, I write down somewhere that one one of *my* bitcoins is *from* Do you have a Bitcoin at this point? No, you don't.
You trust me to hold on to that piece of paper that lists your account balance. I provide you with an interface where you can see this balance and perhaps send me orders to do something, but it's still all up to me, because I have the currency and you don't.
If Bitcoin splits into two different branches, the coins don't go anywhere. They are good in both branches, but how I use whatever coins I've got is up to me. Should I only trade with one branch, what are you gonna do?
I'm an exchange like Coinbase in this example.
Now if you make a wallet of your own, give me an address and tell me to send one bitcoin there, I'll take some as my fee and send the rest your way.
Do you have (slightly less than) a Bitcoin at this point? Yes, it's in your wallet, not mine. If there's a fork, you've got your coin and what you do with it is entirely up to you.
This is why people keep repeating "CONTROL YOUR OWN PRIVATE KEYS".
Exchanges are super useful and we frequently trust them when we buy or sell cryptocurrency, because they do provide a valuable service. However, keeping all of our money at an exchange would be silly. Would you rather have the money, or have me hold a piece of paper about how much balance you've got?
Regardless of what Coinbase says they'll do, if they have all your money, you are at their mercy. So get your own wallet. There's some good software wallets [listed on Bitcoin.org]( or you could be even more safe and get a hardware wallet like [Trezor](
@_date: 2017-06-18 18:09:39
So just to be clear, even if you use a non-custodial wallet like blockchain.info, where they claim nobody can lock you out of your funds and the encrypted wallet can always be accessed through the local passphrase, your bitcoins are at risk on 1st of August?
@_date: 2017-06-28 12:40:46


But that doesn't change the fact people need to trust you completely.
You are essentially providing a service where people hand all their savings to you in a safe and you promise to take that safe to the other side of the gate.
You can't open the safe and you don't have any clear incentive to not deliver the safe, but you are still in power to just never deliver it. It's a good service, but it's obvious not everyone is comfortable with it.