@_author: volfort
@_date: 2014-10-05 15:15:43
As a CS student I thought your idea was interesting so I called my dad, who has 40+ years of ham radio experience in Europe, Canada, and currently the US. He is constantly building his own antennas, participating in countless world-wide contests, etc. Here's what he said:
There are already ways to transfer data between over a radio signal. See Packet Radio ( and something anonymous put together (
The speeds are very slow, and both parties have to be licensed. If you were to make use of this in a meshnet-type system, several problems arise:
1) All parties have to be licensed (in the US, it's under the FCC.) If you're transmitting unlicensed, you can quickly be shut down and face heavy fines.
2) If all parties are licensed, they would have to have well-configured, strong hardware, at least to start off with. Building and configuring antennas is a skill learned and practicing over many years. Let's not forget, it can also get expensive. Right now good ham radios and antennas that could support this are not mainstream enough for the average family of four to go out to Best Buy and purchase a 60$ ham radio mesh network kit.
3) Even if everybody gets licensed and good hardware become mainstream and affordable, the FCC currently does not allow non-commercial parties to encrypt the signals they transmit. That means that we would have to accept that we are sending valuable data in a very vulnerable way. Then again, if it should get big enough, the gov't may be forced to change laws.
I hope that a little experienced insight helps. I know I learned a lot from a half hour phone conversation. 
@_date: 2014-10-05 22:06:04
The formatting on my post was odd. I didn't mean for it to be one huge paragraph. Sorry if that makes it hard to read.
Unfortunately I didn't get a chance to ask him about specifics of how slow is slow. He basically made it sound like it's not practical.
If you read the article about the system that "Anonymous" developed ( one of the first things they say is:
"You're not going to get fast communications out of AirChat, since it takes the world back to the days of encoding data over voice channels. The group says “We traded bandwidth for freedom, or to be more exact we traded bandwidth for freedom, simplicity and low cost”."
Then again just ten years ago the internet was painfully slow. Not sure if that helps, just figured since the question about using ham radio technology for this came up, I'd ask my dad. He loves talking about this stuff. As a computer science student, I find the implementation of it into systems of communication more interesting than the technology behind it. But one can't exist without the other, so I think I may have him help me tinker with this stuff over Thanksgiving and Christmas break. If it's not terribly expensive I'd like to set up an antenna at home and another where I go to college (~90 miles) and see what we can transfer.
