@_author: volontadiunocchio
@_date: 2014-04-24 17:01:26
Electric light was a lovely fantasy too, as was leaving the planet. Do you have something against imagination?
@_date: 2014-04-24 21:44:19
No, that's exactly the sort of thing I'd like to avoid (as I would sophomoric use of rhetoric) by building better systems before we get to such a dire state. 
@_date: 2014-04-24 15:57:45
I really dig this explanation.
I can't help but wonder though, what do you think of a largely anarcho-syndicalist society in which the most basic needs are readily met through design and thoughtful use of resources a la Maslow's hierarchy? I am especially curious because you clearly have a decent handle on these concepts.
@_date: 2014-04-24 20:27:46
Technology as we see it today is social. Even intuitive innovations are inextricable from that to which an individual has been exposed.
If we look at things like biofeedback and Facebook, telephones and railways, it's clear that technology can inform social behaviors. Of course it is a matter of what we choose to do with it, but my argument here is simply that technology brought about by a dedicated few can in turn affect the realities of many.
@_date: 2014-04-24 20:47:26
Even assuming that it is ultimately meaningless, we create an illusion of meaning within that mortality, and it's damned persistent. If we are to be locked in this prison of a mind, why not get some nice furniture and decorations? It's a practical matter in a way.
I'll keep the awareness of meaninglessness to my meditation sessions. The practice makes my life more peaceful, and perhaps these political workings could make similar peace more likely for others.
@_date: 2014-04-24 20:36:40
Indeed, and this gets into the justice system which we clearly have not perfected, nor will we ever. The reality of its form is a function of the values of those who wield power over it, and we in the US are now quite evidently living in an oligarchy.
A more level playing field of nimbler and highly self-sufficient communities might be able to rapidly test and develop more effective methods of justice while simultaneously creating conditions that reduce risk for injustices in the first place. These more effective methods might include for example the secure, facilitated criminal/victim confrontations that are now being tried in some cases which seek common ground, closure, and understanding for both parties above punitive judgements, thereby reducing penal costs and improving quality of life potential for both (or more) members of society and their synergistic affect with others (families, coworkers, etc.)
PS A utopia will never be found. Chaos is a natural part of life. But what we might seek is peace by which there is not an absence of conflict but the ways in which we resolve those conflicts are in line with what science has illuminated as beneficial for human flourishing.
@_date: 2014-04-24 20:51:20
Check out positive psychology for a lens in which there is some hope.
@_date: 2014-04-24 16:46:45
Life is a struggle of sorts. I don't intend to propose an end to struggle or fighting.
Struggling for power is not inherently bad, especially should it be a struggle to empower virtuous ideas i.e. to further embody those ideas in the world vs empowerment of cancer-esque ideologies that undermine our ability to flourish.
My desire would be to minimize violent struggle for power and in an even broader sense avoid human rights violations, which I understand is another can of worms altogether.
@_date: 2014-04-24 16:59:43
I agree with the majority of what you are saying, as I understand it, but I am curious to see if you might entertain the idea of such monopolies on violence as stepping stones to a world in which the conditions that give rise to violence are eroded away.
This is to say that violence generally comes about when threats to survival are perceived (for now ignoring sociopathy and the like). How could we expect anything other than violence in the contemporary world when a very large portion of the global population does not have close to acceptable access to potable water, and another very large portion is bombarded by (just sometimes inflated) messages of fear e.g. terrorism, financial crisis, climate change, lack of Ferraris and hot bitches.
(I'm interested and aware of the cortisol linkages, and happy to see you bring it up even without citation.)