@_author: volsciancamilla
@_date: 2014-10-02 14:33:59


If you're hoping for a bubble, you're not in that coin for honest reasons.
@_date: 2014-09-12 20:33:57
Perhaps a more concise statement is that difficulty may decline over time as the block reward decreases, but it will decrease only to the point where the miners with the best hardware are just barely breaking even on their investment.
@_date: 2014-09-10 16:59:11
Because soonish means a decade or more from now. There's a big opportunity for Google to become a globally dominant mobile wallet provider, which would let them make money for many years before transaction fees became an issue.
And remember, credit cards are already so expensive for merchants and bitcoin transactions are so cheap, that those fees can skyrocket and still be competitive with traditional payments.
@_date: 2014-09-25 19:37:42
In fairness to Bank of England, I think they stated it well, but Bloomberg has paraphrased poorly. BOE says:
"As of 9 July 2014, there were almost 41 million addresses listed on the Bitcoin block chain, but only 1.6 million that contained a balance of more than 0.001 bitcoins (roughly 0.35 GBP). This figure will overstate the number of users, however, as each user may possess any number of wallets and each wallet may hold any number of addresses."
@_date: 2014-07-02 03:32:29
Actually the fact that one party can win all the auctions suggests that the competition for coins wasn't all that fierce.
@_date: 2014-07-02 03:08:43
To find out who would bid and how much they'd offer.
@_date: 2014-10-03 15:49:32
This seems like the right way to think about how disruption (Bitcoin and otherwise) will affect banking. There will still be banks, but banking will become boring, and that's a really good thing.
@_date: 2014-09-12 21:17:05
You're welcome :)
If you want to read more about the interesting dynamics of mining, I found this article really helpful:
@_date: 2014-07-18 16:25:48
I think you're exactly right. Let's all remember not to accept the slightly watered down version either.
@_date: 2014-09-12 20:23:47
I meant any lower than the natural consensus difficulty. Anytime the difficulty is relatively low and mining is becoming really profitable, more miners are going to rush in and drive the hash rate up, and then the difficulty will compensate back up at the next difficulty adjustment.
Likewise if everyone suddenly stopped mining, the next difficulty adjustment we should see the difficulty decrease dramatically. My point is that even if that were to happen, the difficulty wouldn't stay at that level. Miners (with ASICs) would see the profit opportunity, and rush in, driving the hash rate up, and pushing the difficulty back up as high as they can tolerate.
An interesting consideration is that I'm describing an equilibrium system, where anytime the difficulty deviates from its economically rational level, it gets pushed back towards the equilibrium position. But the difficulty can still be quite volatile around that average value.
I expect that especially around the time when the hash rate growth starts to slow down because mining margins are narrowing we could see a lot of big swings in the difficulty as the mining ecosystem figures out where that equilibrium difficulty is. And around that time we will see people trying to mine with less advanced chips by closely monitoring the hash rate and difficulty and bringing capacity online only when they think there's an opportunity to mine profitably, the way some mining pools will hop from altcoin to altcoin trying to mine only when its most profitable.
As for less advanced chips, I can see a scenario where people keep working on developing more and more efficient ASICs, but eventually the process of developing and manufacturing these super-ASICs is so expensive that it's not worth the marginal energy savings. Right now between ASICs and GPUs, the ASICs are expensive, but you can recover those costs from the efficiency of the chip. The comparison might look different if GPUs were to suddenly plummet in price relative to ASICs.
But I don't think that's going to happen. There are long term trends about technology getting cheaper, faster, and more efficient all the time (think Moore's Law), and I see no reason why ASIC designs wouldn't follow that same kind of progression. 
@_date: 2014-09-12 18:32:34
It is not likely that GPU mining will ever be profitable again.
You have to think of mining difficulty following from the available hardware, not the other way around. So the difficulty has been increasing, because the hash rate has been increasing, because ASIC miners make hashing cheaper. A rational mining ecosystem will invest as much in hardware and electricity and cooling costs as there is value in unmined coins. ASICs let miners get more hashing power for less electrical cost, so they can drive the difficulty up for the same investment in mining.
As the number of outstanding coins declines, we could see some of that hashing power going offline, especially if the total revenue of mining declines (i.e. if transaction fees don’t fill in the deficit, and there aren’t any price increases to offset the halvings of the block reward). However, the difficulty should find an equilibrium where miners in aggregate are just barely breaking even. If the difficulty is any lower, it incentivizes people to bring more capacity online, and if the difficulty is too high, someone is operating at a loss, and will want to stop mining so that they stop losing money on electricity.
So the difficulty emerges as a sort of consensus based on the mix of hardware out there, the cost of electricity, the price of bitcoins, and how many are left to mine. The consensus difficulty for miners using ASICs will always be higher than for miners using GPUs. So, the difficulty may decline, but it will decline to the level where ASIC miners are just barely breaking even, and the GPU miners will still be priced out.
@_date: 2014-10-08 18:41:58
This is not quite an ELI5 version, but I found this Tradeblock article really helpful in thinking about what a hard fork would mean.
@_date: 2014-08-11 13:12:06
Also, China does have very low electricity costs.
@_date: 2015-01-07 21:57:12
I think there's something off with Coindesk's methodology for calculating total exchange trading volume in USD. Looks like they just multiplied the BTC volume for the year, roughly 80 million, by a recent market price, like $285.
However, at the time that much of that trading volume occurred, the traded coins were worth more. So, if you multiply daily volumes by daily average prices (from the Coindesk BPI or blockchain.info's market price, or anywhere you like) the total trading volume last year is nearly $40 billion.
Unless I'm missing something?