@_author: vonndooom
@_date: 2017-08-09 10:01:52
I really appreciate you writing this; it lines up with what I'm starting to understand about the debate myself.  If you have time, I'd definitely be interested in your response to my attempt to capture how I understand things.
But in short, it seems like the BCH crew is for bigger blocks as a means to quicker transaction times, as a means to increased large-scale adoption in the real world.  Want to buy a coffee with 'bitcoin'? You can't wait for your transaction to go through, and you need to make bitcoin usage in the real world snappy.  This need for faster transaction times therefore - in a sense - necessitates a sort of centralization of mining capacity - big blocks require powerful miners, which means the little miners can't compete. So there is centralization pressure here.
Bitcoin-core answers that this centralization is dangerous, and goes against the core idea of bitcoin, which is essentially one of decentralization. This decentralization is key to protect against government regulation - if mining gets centralized, it will be much easier for the government to capture and control.
The BCH crew responds that there are ALREADY centralization pressures in play - that is, the 'big actors' in the mining community are the ones with access to cheap electricity and the ones able to buy all the hardware necessary for mining. These centralization pressures are just facts about the world, and do much more to centralize mining than choosing to have bigger blocks.
True protection against gov't regulation - the BCH crew says - is through the mass adoption that their plan seeks.  Bigger blocks, quicker adoption, and more integration into the economy NOW, will 'legitimize' bitcoin and so make it 'too big to be regulated' in a sense. That is, if legitimate businesses are using it now, this will make it that much harder for the gov't to go in and treat it like some fringe economic thing, only used by criminals and drugdealers, that can be attacked and controlled.  So mass adoption is the sort of decentralization protection that bitcoin needs, and don't worry too much about the mining centralization that comes from bigger blocks (and which isn't even a 'real' problem anyways, since the centralization already happens due to big actors having better access to better hardware and cheaper electricity).
The bitcoin-core crew responds to this saying that mass adoption will definitely not protect it; look at paypal and pirate Bay and Napster and Limewire etc. Or Uber for that matter.  Mass adoption is not the adequate protection against government regulation that the BCH crew thinks it is. What you need is 'True' decentralization in the form of policies - which include smaller blocks, which get larger gradually as usage increases - that create decentralization at the core - mining is distributed.  That will protect bitcoin in the same way the Tor network protects its nodes - through true decentralized distribution of those that maintain the system.
Am I starting to capture the crux of the dispute here?  I didn't touch on 'base layers and secondary tiers', because to some extent, I'm still not totally sure the meaning of all that.  I also didn't touch on the claims of censorship and that one guy owning all the bitcoin.com forums and webpages, because, while definitely important, I'm trying to understand the arguments being made before the accusations against each side.  (Blockstream is said to be a group with too much power in the community that censors debate and shuts down anything not in line with their vision; The BCH crew is said to be paid by big companies in order to bring bitcoin to the larger market and into mass adoption.)
Sorry about the long, pedantic post.  Just wanting to make sure I'm starting to understand things.  
@_date: 2017-08-24 01:44:45
Thanks for the heads-up my friend! I would probably have missed this otherwise! Reading it now.
@_date: 2017-08-06 12:21:14
This was taken in Itaewon, Seoul. It's a restaurant/bar called 'The Jell'.
@_date: 2017-08-23 15:23:31
I would pay money for that. Every argument against the other side is the same tone. Those on *that* side are Hitler incarnated and they want to crush our souls and eat our children. We therefore must do X or else the shadowy cabal on that side will destroy BTC/BCH forever.
I hate it. I have the patience to read a lot of stuff about it, but that is usually against my more immediate impulse to say 'fuck both sides' and ignore everything about it.
I've come across a couple decent summaries though. To be honest, the ones that were written most reasonably came from people in support of bitcoin legacy or segwit or what the one with BTC is. Most of the ones from BCH are about how evil the Core developers are; it's hard for me to take these rants seriously.
I'm still coming to my own conclusions. A thank you to those who have written insightful comments on both sides, trying to help us noobs get up to speed. And a big fuck you to those of you who can't see past your rage to write something actually informative and worth reading.
Edit: I also wanted to add, I hate the line 'X is more in line with Satoshi's original vision' - particularly when it is a conclusion unargued for, and *especially* when it is simply left at that, and we are to assume Satoshi's white paper actually has the best answers of all time to everything. This is the type of shit that religious extremists have been doing for millennia, and it looks no better on us for non-ironically treating Satoshi as a god who was never wrong, never could possibly be wrong, and whose vision in that white paper must rigidly steer Blockchain for the next million years.
@_date: 2017-08-06 12:37:18
I don't know! I stumbled across it today while going for a walk but it's closed. I was wondering the same thing. I'm thinking I'll need to come back.
@_date: 2017-08-08 01:20:00
I'll do that. Thanks for pointing me this way.
@_date: 2017-08-23 17:18:51
You're hitler 
@_date: 2017-08-23 17:26:29
Ok you're only Pol Pot. Happy?
Related but unrelated: two nights ago I discovered a German film on Netflix about Hitler being transported through time to modern day Germany. It's a comedy, and a good one at that. 'Look Who's Back' is the title
@_date: 2017-08-08 15:47:37
Yeah, after work each day, I read a bit more. The thing is, I come to this brand new and not technically-minded. So sometimes, in order to unpack a paragraph, I need to google a handful of things just to piece together what is being said and why. There is a lot of history here, and the trickiest part is that each side has their own 'language ' in a sense - different ways to describe and conceptualize the same phenomenon. So I need to enter each perspective just to start to make sense of the claims that each side is making. That takes time, particularly because each side doesn't indicate that 'this' phenomenon is seen differently by the other side.
Anyways, I'm enjoying the work, and it's fun to try to piece together the history of something I'm interested in. Thanks for writing here and perhaps I'll take you up on your offer of dialogue when I am ready!
@_date: 2017-08-06 12:38:00
I'll also say it's not the first place I came across with a bitcoin sign while here
@_date: 2018-06-02 17:28:52
Bravo! 
@_date: 2019-04-13 17:47:11
His writings are the work of an unwell mind.
@_date: 2019-05-27 07:05:13
I did that and now I market bought a bunch of shitcoins!