@_author: vovoya
@_date: 2014-11-30 03:31:45
To be fair, the hype doesn't convert into real traffic. It does get coverage all over internet, but basically only bitcoin community cares about Bitcoin Black Friday.
This is the referral from my site for the past few days from Bitcoinblackfriday.
 26
bitcoinblackfriday.com 15
We got about $1500 orders yesterday, and none were paid with bitcoin. We have our site up for a couple months and haven't received any bitcoin order. I guess it has more to do with the bitcoin price. Some people don't want to spend it because it's like converting a paper loss into a real loss. It's still a nerd thing and general public don't care about it. 
Btw, this year's Black Friday is a joke even for Big retailers like Amazon/Best Buy/Walmart. They moved BF to Thanksgiving day and confused a lot of people. The deals are weak. It doesn't really get people excited. First world problem, everyone has a big TV, multiple tablets and smartphones already. Tough crowd to impress.
I am a little disappointed with Newegg. If they can't even put up a Bitcoin deal that can impress people from Slickdeals, how's small business like us going to impress the general public with Bitcoin offers.
Check out our bitcoin BF offer if you have time. 
Feel free to let me know what can I do to help promoting Bitcoin orders. We have major revenue source from other channels, so we can afford to sell everything at cost on our website. 
@_date: 2014-11-29 14:53:44
I am the admin of vovoya.com. We participated in the Bitcoin BlackFriday website, but the response is weak. We received less than 20 referrals from the website and didn't get any order from Bitcoin. 
Bitcoin is my idea and my boss has been saying it's only a nerd thing. lol
Check out what we have an see if you like anything. Make sure to use coupon code BITCOINBF to take off $5.
Let me know if you have any idea to promote the site with Bitcoin. I am very tired of dealing with credit card companies and paypal. :) I am getting credit card fraud and paypal chargeback every week. I can't wait for Bitcoin to take over.
Btw, I bought the xbox from newegg with bitcoin. 
@_date: 2014-11-29 14:17:52
Hi, I am the admin of [vovoya.com](vovoya.com). We run multiple channels on Amazon, eBay, Newegg, Buy.com...
We participated the BCBF site, so I hope I can help answering these questions. There are a few reasons why e-commerce don't want to ship outside of US.
1. Time -
Most of the e-commerce runs multiple channels. Order processing is automatic with software like sellercloud or linnworks. Processing orders for international is time-consuming. It requires custom form and manual processing. Most of the companies simply don't bother.
2. Shipping Cost -
Shipping cost is simply too high with international. If an item is cheap enough, light enough, you can ship it First Class Mail International, which is around $10. If an item is more than 1lb, you will need to ship Priority Mail International, which is around $40. Unless you are buying something light, unique that you can't find in Europe, there is really no incentive to buy from US.
3. Fraud -
Opening your store to the world means that you are very likely to get a lot of fraud orders. So far, we can still manage to deal with credit card fraud. Most of the international "fraud" orders are shipping to forwarding companies. For example, we got an $1200 order shipping to a US forwarding company. IP is in US (VPN/Proxy), referring website is Google Egypt, paid with a US Credit card with wrong cvv and billing doesn't match. It would be much harder for us to deal with fraud if we ship outside of US. Of course, Bitcoin would be ideal since there is pretty much zero consumer protection. However, credit card and paypal are what general public use and small business like us can't afford to lose business and go 100% Bitcoin. To be honest, we haven't received any Bitcoin orders. Even with the hype of Bitcoin BlackFriday, we received less than 20 referrals from the website, and no order. It has more to do with our product line though. Our website is a new project, so we haven't put up everything on the site yet.  
4. Return -
Most of the US stores provide 14-30 days return policy. It's a hard to deal with return from international customers. eBay has Global Shipping Program which makes shipping to international customers much easier. However, it costs customers a lot of money to send back the item if there is any issues. We mostly sell refurbished products. Samsung, Microsoft, Sony...they are as good as new and rarely have issues, but it's very normal to have a return rate of up to 10% with some other companies products.We don't want to wrong the customer, but we also don't want to lose round trip shipping cost to get a customer return. 
Let me know if you have any questions. Check out our Bitcoin Black Friday deal and see if you like anything. Use coupon code: BITCOINBF to take off $5. 
