@_author: voxbellum
@_date: 2013-03-31 04:59:32
the biggest threat to your btc wallet is you losing your computer. 
i've been minting for 2 years and the doomsday scenarios of the 51% attack and one body buying every exchange's bitcoins are both just arguments of futility and are fundamentally too taxing and underwhelming to achieve or even attempt. 
there are currently 11 million btc in circulation at the moment. we reached 10.5 sometime late november. out of those 11M btc in existence today, only a small portion of them are on public exchanges this instant. i have a wallet of 3k btc and very seldom find myself converting to standardized currencies, i only convert the ~10 each month from my minting farm. 
if i use myself as a sample, there's not a huge supply of btc actually being put onto public exchanges. it would take a single body an extremely large of amount of time to purchase every coin. 
in the same way that no one is running out investing in survival necessities in anticapation of a nuclear fallout instead of more conventional, yet less practical, precious metals like gold and silver in fear of monetary depreciation. the idea that a conglomerate possessing all the btc (or even a large portion of it) isn't feasible enough to worry about. additionally, such an organization wouldn't even have anything to gain from possessing that much btc to begin with. if an organization was to be offered every btc in the world at current market price, that would cost 1 billion usd. 1 billion USD they will likely never make a return on. pretty shitty investment to destroy a community if you ask me. not to mention, the sellers of those coins would have made their profit off the pants on head retarded conglomerate and would be happy with what they'd have gained. 
the 51% attack is less retarded of a doomsday scenario. but with each passing day it is becoming more impossible to execute the attack. even before the introduction of asic's as minting hardware, a 51% attack was already impossible even with the combined computation strength of every super computer in the world, not designed with hashing optimization. with asic's contributing to network strength, we can't even be sure if the hypothesized computation strength of a hypothetical quantum computer from the future will even be enough to perform the attack. (assuming its even optimized to mine btc instead of far more useful and productive algorithms worthy of the huge technical and financial investment)
but in the hypothetical event of a 51% attack, the ends don't justify the means for the attacker. amassing that much computation power would surely take a large fortune. the only hurtful actions the attacker would be capable of is impeding transactions from going through by voiding the signatures. they wouldn't be able to reverse transactions, make transactions on behalf of anyone, or forcefully generate coins (they would be able to generate however, through conventional means). the attack could potentially effectively destroy the network as it would discourage minters to continue minting as their hashes could be voided. 
but in the end, the attacker doesn't stand to gain anything. assuming the attacker is profit-seeking, they would have much more to gain just participating in the minting process as a normal individual. 