@_author: voxfrege
@_date: 2013-04-12 11:46:40
You changed the subject from "the value of money rests on the ability to pay taxes with them" to "bitcoins are dispensable".
I see no need to discuss the latter.
BTW, in history, taxes most often were natural taxes. 
Your tax approach simply explains nothing, and it ignores the main reason why humans want a medium of exchange.
@_date: 2013-04-17 11:57:53


Claims like: 


But you're right, we're not discussing this really. I just hate it if such BS stands there without counter-comment. 
Not for you, but for those who might be reading this by accident, I'd like to point out that consumtion must - **necessarily and without doubt** - follow production, not the other way around. Why? Because you can't consume what is not produced yet, and production and distribution needs time.
@_date: 2013-04-12 07:40:53
I hope this will be so; however, any National Bank of any country (not just the FED) can easily attack BTC again and again, and destroy its creditibility almost at will. This is because they have unlimited amounts of fita money they can use to buy BTC and drive the price up, then later sell it all at once and cause a plunge.  They can do this even if no other speculators are around. Think about it: what is a billion to them? They "print" this in a minute.
@_date: 2013-04-15 09:31:50


No, they aren't, as the supply of money would not shrink. (Actually, bitcoins could get lost, though.)
The general price level, however, would be sinking whenever production increases. This way, first and foremost the people actually earning money (such as workers) would be rewarded, by getting extra purchasing power.
@_date: 2013-04-12 11:11:55
The "deflation-spiral" thing is the most stupid argument I ever heard. 
Where are people living? Don't they see people all over the world buy on consumer credit (which, after all, cost some %), instead of saving and then buying at a comparably lower price?
@_date: 2013-04-15 09:44:37


If you think that nonsensical, unsubstantiated claims get more credible by repeating them, please go on.
Fact is, value of money can be and has been explained without needing the concept of taxes. All you need for explanation is the assumption that people have needs, that they want to satisfy their needs and that exchange and division of labour can greatly enhance the ability to do so.
If we acknowledge this, we also see that everything that reduces the costs of exchanges must have immense value.
@_date: 2013-04-16 07:51:16


Evidence? Is it really less spending, or just different spending, for example, spending on long lasting capital goods? After all, consumption must equal production. A fall in production, OTOH, must lead, all other things being equal, to a rising price level, hence the deflationary effect would be countered.
@_date: 2013-04-15 15:51:12


Where is the evidence for this core assumption of the "deflationary spiral"?
I can bring evidence to the contrary, namely that, even if people know that it will be more expensive to buy now than to buy later, they will nevertheless do it now.
This is the case everytime someone (be it an individuum or a company) buys something on credit. 
Please look up the numbers for outstanding consumer credits, including loans for houses, etc. and you'll see.
The point many are not seeing is that a house built this year and *the very same* house built in 40 years from now is not the same thing seen from the point of view of the buyer. Likewise for food, clothing, computers etc. in the scale of days, weeks and months.
People will not stop spending for food, just because they think it'll be cheaper next week. 
People will not stop spending for clothing, because they think summer clothing will be cheaper at the beginning of winter. They don't do that now, and they won't do that in a deflationary setting.
People will not stop spending for summer vacations in the summer, and for winter vacations in the winter.
People will not stop spending to get the latest and greatest in technology, even if they know (just like today) that in half a years time, the items will be much cheaper.
More importantly, businessmen have no choice but to invest today, if they want to stay in business tomorrow. There's simply no way around it. They'll have no more difficulties calculating in a currency whose purchasing power is increasing than they have now to calculate in a currency that is depreciating. Why should they? It is, after all, just a  different parameter, they can and will use the same formulas they have used since invention of bookkeeping.
(In any case, both the increase and the decline in general price level must be almost constant, so as not to make calculation entirely worthless.)
@_date: 2013-04-12 11:04:05


No. Destroying over a billion in *imaginary* wealth.
Since the early adopters and miners payed much, much less, it is idiotic to assume everyone could've selled all their BTC at the top price. This is the same with stock.
@_date: 2013-04-12 10:52:03
The value of money has nothing at all to do with taxes. 
To understand this, it is only necessary to note that money is an economic phenomenon, not a political one. A medium of exchange is a necessity in an exchange economy based on the division of labour. Taxes are not. Hence ....