@_author: vrijkaart
@_date: 2018-09-03 12:51:30
I thought it didn’t hit 100 btc back then. I check this site everyday and if I recall correctly he closed them before we hit 100. The % of btc in the top few channels is lower than it was a month ago while total btc up. Testing LN like Andreas did isn’t harming imo, went reasonably well anyways but even if not it needs to get battle tested. 
@_date: 2018-09-03 13:42:42
Fair, hope it will become fairly natural and smooth to have enough incoming and outgoing capacity for everything day to day to monthly income payments. Need a large enough channel to receive (part of) a pay (or more smaller) then rest of the month your expenditures are creating the incoming capacity for next month, have some margin for savings and pull the savings every x periods to off chain or whatever and get a fresh channel from a node of your choice. Ideally everything is taken care of in the background after answering some questions if you want it to. The beginning will not be super userfriendly (like now) but a lot can be build against Lightning that can improve that. Other option (although pbb big trade off in many things that make btc great is using Bakkt upcoming service) or just on chain transactions as long as the fees are decent. Or maybe something new will be build also, but for now got decent believe in Lightning Network capabilities, first for more technically advanced people and later for everyone. (Like internet, early bitcoin on chain (although that not really for everyone yet). Nice thing from Bitcoin scaling imo is that most everything is build optional on top of it, use what you like with the trade offs you like and you can go as convenient or minimalistic as you want to go and developers/community being very careful with the main layer such that nothing gets irreversibly broken or you’re forced to make some decentralization trade off you don’t want to.
@_date: 2018-09-03 13:02:53
Not through that channel indeed. However you don’t necessarily need to send anything on LN to receive on lightning network, but then you need someone with a channel connected to you or willing to open one that provides incoming capacity. So it could look like you purchase 0.5 btc through some exchange and when you already have capicity they can send it to you, but if not you can have them make a channel (likely some extra fee for the on chain transaction and if it routes enough transactions (with small fees) they can keep it open, otherwise probably close it at some point. 
@_date: 2018-09-03 13:04:24
You can also have the sender open a channel to you for the incoming capacity needed.
Or did you mean that with standard btc transaction (as one is needed). Can also just do a standard off chain transaction if you don’t need/want them on Lightning.
@_date: 2018-05-19 02:16:01
Do you mean the market forces either change via price / threat to adopt another currency? Regarding difficulty adjustment it’s still bad if the total mining equipment securing the network drops. The fewer hash power / costs are securing the network the easier it’s for a party to get a large chunk of the hash power and do an attack I think.
Edit: now I see more text. Thank you btw!