@_author: vrmac
@_date: 2015-12-20 00:10:38
The return of Steve! I miss these memes a little.
@_date: 2014-09-15 16:31:27
I am a software developer. I know the amount of effort it takes, and I still can't justify it. Allow me to direct you to [this comment]( that I made regarding this very issue.
There are lots of ways to make money without exploiting your users. The fact is, your idea of getting paid for designing and building a product isn't an accurate representation of the software industry. Getting paid for copies is not getting paid for development. It's secondary, and in the real software industry, it's only a fraction of the sources of income available to a capable developer.
@_date: 2014-07-18 14:40:36
Bitcoin is [free software]( The license freely allows us and encourages us to fork the project and make changes where we see fit.
What. The actual. ghnjfdkhbndsjhbfdksgbkfdlgbhl
@_date: 2014-11-04 22:29:33
I saw that Electrum allowed me to create more public keys, but it wouldn't store an indefinite amount from what I saw.
@_date: 2014-12-05 02:47:00
Please give us an update on this.
@_date: 2014-09-07 23:21:46
So, I'm not certain you knew exactly what I was talking about. When I say free software, I mean free software [as defined by the Free Software Foundation]( having nothing to do with price.
That said, free software and commercial software are NOT opposites, and they can coexist very well. Such ambiguity comes from people who spread the ideas of "open source" software always available free of charge. Most free software is available for no cost, but that doesn't mean that the software does not have economic incentives. There are lots of ways to make money with free software (Red Hat is one example). In fact, most of the software development industry gets its money from methods that would fare well in the free software world.
It is a fallacy to assume that proprietary software is the only way to make money and thus where the good products are. I prefer my free programs to proprietary alternatives in nearly every case.
@_date: 2014-07-18 14:27:12
Why can't I upvote this more than once?
@_date: 2014-09-07 22:50:28
Don't get me wrong. I use Arch, and I think it is a wonderful system. However, you have just as much control over your machine in *buntu as you do in Arch. The only difference is the starting point.
Given either, you can make identical systems (although arguably replacing the package manager would be a waste of time). However, one is taking a pre-built system and changine it how you'd like, while the other is taking a nonexistent system and making it into something you'd like.
The real difference between the distros is not the amount of control you have; it's your ideology on how a system should be put together. I enjoy the manual installation and full knowledge of everything I've done to a system. You can achieve this not only with minimal distros, but with minimal versions of distros like *buntu, Debian, or even CentOS. I choose Arch for the bleeding-edge repos and community interaction, not because I have more control over my system.
@_date: 2014-11-05 13:16:06
Thank you for pointing that out. The interface didn't make that clear on its own. I was used to a "generate a new address" button rather than a just-in-time procedural key generation.
@_date: 2014-09-07 22:17:31
It's a misrepresentation to say that one "graduates" to Arch from *buntu or other "easy" distros.
Are isn't for the experienced. It's for a completely different crowd. If someone wants to learn about how operating systems work, then distros like Arch, Slackware, and Gentoo are perfect first distros.
For someone who wants the "just works" experience, *buntu, Fedora, Mint, etc. are good distros even for professionals.
Also, please call them GNU+Linux, not Linux. Surely if you're an experienced Arch user, you understand that Linux is only one part of your system.
@_date: 2014-09-16 17:09:09
I understand that buying software is like buying a license. There are a lot of analogies that one can make about cars and software, but a big problem with that is the fact that software isn't a tangible object.
The fact is, software is a completely different animal. You can't copy a car with the push of a button. You can't modify a car without spending any physical resources. But you can with software.
My point about software freedom is that a free software license IS like owning it yourself, which is how all the programs present themselves anyway. If I go to the store and buy a Windows disc, it appears like I am buying the software as a product. Now, as an educated person, I know that the only physical thing I'm buying is the disc, and the software is just licensed. Most people do not know this, and unless they read the EULA, they don't find out. It's not obvious like leasing a car.
Yet, at the same time, if I lease a car, I would hesitate to agree to terms that restrict me from going where I want to. If I pay the dues, I should be able to use the car for whatever purposes I want, and it's my responsibility if something happens. Of course here we encounter the problem that the dealer wouldn't want you to damage the car because they need it back eventually, and that doesn't line up with the way software works.
Since software isn't a tangible object that you take temporary control over with intent to later return it, I believe it should be thought of like buying an item for yourself, and free software makes that possible. When I download the latest LibreOffice, that copy is mine. I can copy it. I can change it. I can sell it. This is all just like had it been a copy and not a license to use a copy. However, when I get MS Office, I am restricted. I have the ability to copy it, but MS says I'm not allowed to. It's unjust restriction to me, and I really pity those who still take part in it when they don't have to. I pity the ones who do NOT have a choice even more than the aforementioned, since they couldn't be free if they wanted to unless they have the money to fund a replacement.
@_date: 2014-08-20 20:34:22
I'd prefer Java to Obj-C any day.
@_date: 2014-10-29 00:35:50
No, but those have always been the norm, just like kilometers. But just as megadollars sounds wrong, so do kiloyards or millifeet.
@_date: 2014-10-10 14:35:13
While I do agree that making this change in their distribution is misleading, it is still a freedom they have. Bitcoin is free software, and the Gentoo packager had every right to do what he did.
This is perhaps a reason to not use the bitcoind package from Gentoo, but it is not a reason to boycott the entire distro.
Don't get me wrong; I am not defending Gentoo, since it does other things I do not approve, but this is not the reason to reject it.
@_date: 2014-11-07 23:37:38
Awesome! That kind of freedom fits the spirit of Bitcoin greatly.
@_date: 2014-09-15 22:38:20
I used to share your views regarding games, but they have since changed.
For one, I despise SaaS as it is usually portrayed. Allowing someone else to do your computing is just as bad as letting a proprietary program handle your data. I prefer those solutions to be released under AGPL or similar so I can review what's happening with my data or deploy my own instance.
Regarding games specifically, more recently I have insisted that all my userspace be free software (hardware won't allow me to do that in kernelspace until I get some more money). Steam itself is not a game, it is a software application that handles my financial information and potentially (and probably) tracks my activities, so I would expect it to be free software even with my previous ideals. As stated, more recently I care about the games themselves more than ever. Who's to say my games can't spy on me? Sure, I'd love to trust the developer, but why should I have to trust when I can check for myself with free software?
Now, I'm only talking about the source code. How developers want to license branding, artwork, and textures, etc. is a completely different issue (though it would be more convenient to CC them), so I really don't care about that. I just want to verify what a game could be doing behind my back and maybe change a couple of things for fun. Perhaps someone would like to read the source of a game for educational purposes. I would find it very unethical for a company to keep that from someone in the interests of sales, honestly.
Education, freedom, and the future are far more important that one man's money today.
Perhaps you are right regarding your last two points. I could see it going either way, really.
@_date: 2014-05-17 17:57:16
It is a commercial entity, but not one (at this time) that I'll be dropping everything and pursuing as a full-time job. I have a day job currently, as will everyone else that is going into this with me, and it'll stay that way until it becomes sustainably profitable.
Furthermore, I don't think you bothered to read the definition of free software, and you're taking it for its unintended meaning of "software available at zero price." See  and 
As far as a resume? Suppose I'll draw a new one up. Last time I did that was for my current job, and my skills have improved significantly since then (for instance learning two additional programming languages).
"Focus on [my] code"? That's what this project is all about for me. An opportunity to develop software for other people and work on customer satisfaction. I won't be taking people's money and not delivering what they expect. I'll soon draw up some business terms which benefit the customer through means such as delivering progress reports and mid-development checkups to make sure that the customer is getting what they requested.
Again, I always appreciate feedback. Here's some for you: don't follow misconceptions, assuming that Micro$haft's software development model is the only valid one, as that it what I'm inferring from your wording.
@_date: 2014-05-17 16:05:25
Go to the contact page and send me a message if you have questions or want anything made!
@_date: 2014-10-28 18:32:37
I'm all for plan C2. It seems to be a nice compromise between a small unit and a large one.
However, I'm more from the viewpoint that all 3 units are acceptable, and they should be used based on context. For instance, the lunch in Tokyo, "That'll be 30 millis," (rounding for convenience) sounds nice. On the other hand, for a car, "28.6 Bitcoins" sounds better.
I've never had a problem with the high value per unit, so long as we have convenient names like millis and bits to call particular fractions of the official unit.
@_date: 2014-09-07 22:56:21
I don't expect anyone to use inferior products. It is rarely necessary. The only nonfree software I use are hardware drivers. Everything in userspace respects my freedom, and I never feel like I'm sacrificing.
Now, others are not me, and they use programs I wouldn't consider using that have no replacements. At that point, it is the responsibility of the free software community to put forth and effort (or raise funds) to create good (perhaps better) alternatives to the proprietary ones. However, too many people share your mindset and find it futile to do so.
I'm using my energy to create more free software so that it will be more of a sacrifice to use nonfree software than the other way around. I hope others are doing the same. If they are, then my work is not futile. It is only pointless if I'm going it alone.
@_date: 2014-09-07 21:24:11
They use MIT license, because they care about openness, but their site embeds a video encoded in a proprietary format.
This is why people need to understand why [freedom is what's important](
@_date: 2014-11-12 12:11:21
I like your paranoia, but I trust Trisquel.
@_date: 2014-11-23 03:13:51
This made me laugh more than it should have. That is to say, not at all, because does anyone actually laugh out loud at their desk when they are alone?
@_date: 2014-10-28 19:01:21
I feel like kXBI and MXBI could be more annoying to type out, but that's just me being picky.
I normally wouldn't want to use SI prefixes for my money. I'd rather use Bitcoins and millis like dollars and cents. If I pay someone a million dollars, I'm content with saying that, because a megadollar just sounds funny.
@_date: 2014-09-16 21:49:54
Let me be a pedant for a moment. Freeware != free software.
The definition of free software is published by the Free Software foundation [here]( Freeware is a term used to refer to proprietary software available at no cost.
Freeware relates only to price. Free software has nothing to do with price.
Your claim that it's not fair to compare LibreOffice to MS Office is irrelevant. My comment had nothing to do with them being similar. You could replace LibreOffice in that sentence with GNU Backgammon and MS Office with Photoshop. The point is that one is free software and the other is proprietary.
As far as being able to copy cars, the fact is that you cannot RIGHT NOW. Same with computer hardware. When these things become readily able to be copied by the general public, then I will apply these views to those things as well.
@_date: 2014-09-07 21:50:05
I have to agree with the others. It kind of defeats the purpose of using [free software]( when you use a nonfree OS.
You really should give GNU+Linux a try. I would even personally offer to hold your hand and guide you through it and make sure that everything you use would have an adequate replacement under GNU+Linux.
@_date: 2014-09-07 23:12:58
Thank you for alerting us.
@_date: 2014-05-17 17:36:58
This is a very new project, and the site is a WIP. Business registration has yet to be executed. You are evaluating information on a page as a finished product. As far as the business model goes, you are evaluating it as a proprietary business. No code gets written until a deal is struck (though there will be side projects we do for our own and distributed free of charge).
As far as the "want to join," I agree, and I'll be changing it shortly. Though this is more of a software development group and less of a full-time job.
For the e-mail scenario, I suppose I was misinformed by my colleagues while designing my personal site.
CV? I guess I've never heard that term before. When time comes for business to start, I'll have a few of my previous projects listed on the site for people to test.
tl;dr I guess I didn't clarify well enough that this is a work-in-progress, and much of what you see will be improved. Thank you for the feedback. Please don't evaluate a free (as in freedom) software development group as a proprietary software corporation; they are simply far too different.
@_date: 2014-11-07 19:27:07
Do you release your music under free culture licenses?
@_date: 2014-11-12 12:36:34
To be fair, Electrum isn't really "built" at all. It's written in Python. The executable is the source code.
I still understand, and please understand that Trisquel isn't operated by any company. They do derive from Ubuntu which is operated by a company, but the packages included get inspected before they're allowed to roll out.
@_date: 2014-09-23 00:11:57
Let me get this straight... You are the GBA? The Game Boy Advance?
@_date: 2014-05-17 18:27:49
Why haven't I registered it yet? It's the weekend, and the concept for this group hasn't even existed for a week. See the title of this post "business starts in... a few weeks." A few weeks is enough time to plan that out.
Considering myself an expert? On syntax, maybe a little. But anyone can always improve, so I'd never consider myself a master. Standard libraries? That's impossible to be an expert on in some languages.
"If we can" is a somewhat poor attempt at a disclaimer rather than a guarantee that we'll be able to pull it off. After all, this is as much of an opportunity to improve as it is one to make a little supplement income. After reading it again, I can see the connotation, and it'll be replaced. Thanks for the feedback.
The word I was looking for was milestone. Thanks.
As far as my use of "Micro$haft," that is not immature humor. It's an expression of disdain toward the company. I wouldn't put it in a formal paper or article. This is reddit, for God's sakes.
Am I 13-14? I earlier explained that I hold a day job. I suppose I didn't explicitly state that I'm from the US, so I'll clarify now that it wouldn't be legal for me to hold a job at that young of an age in the first place.
I'll happily accept more feedback, but there is no need to be negative (although it seems to be a common attitude from what I've seen in this sub). Your criticism of my programming ability is unwarranted. Really, the only thing worth criticizing me for from this post alone is my ability to present the organization, and your criticism (while not exactly constructive) has been taken into consideration, but lack of presentation in no way correlates to development experience and quality.
If you have advice, I welcome it gladly. If you have more negativity, I request that you keep it to yourself, as it doesn't benefit anything but your ego.
@_date: 2014-05-11 21:26:11
Support free software, and there will be more to come.
+5 doge verify
@_date: 2014-09-15 14:36:39
I'm not a fan of Steam, since it doesn't [respect my freedom](
Steam accepting BTC would be good for BTC, but overall bad for freedom as a whole. It would probably be a better promotion for Steam than it would be for BTC.
@_date: 2014-11-07 22:42:10
Free culture licenses don't mean that you give up your copyright. The licenses can only be enforced by copyright; that's how they work.
If you were to use free culture licenses such as CC-BY and CC-BY-SA, I would be happy to direct others toward you. There's a whole audience of free culture supporters who donate generously to artists who use such licenses.
@_date: 2014-09-07 21:37:21
Thank you for pointing that out.
Although, it's better to understand that [making it a point that freedom is what it's about is more important than pushing for "open source."](
@_date: 2014-09-08 01:40:20
Sure, just PM me. :D
I'll be happy to get you my e-mail address and other ways to contact me.
@_date: 2014-09-16 12:29:05
Let me get one thing straight. My views about software have nothing to do with the price of the software or when the user is required to pay. I simply usually refer to the act of buying a skill for free software (and I mean free as in freedom), because selling copies that the user is allowed to distribute isn't exactly profitable (but Red Hat does this anyway, and they're making it just fine).
What I meant by the handcuffs analogy was not quite so literal. The fact is, people restricted by digital handcuffs in proprietary software often do not even understand that they are being restricted. In that sense, my analogy was wrong. I should have said that it's like protesting prisons by brainwashing people into believing that it is good to wear handcuffs.
You mentioned some staples of success. Yes, those products are successful economically, but I would consider them far from successful in the freedom dimension. I really don't care how a company wants to make money, so long as it does not involve abusing the users. Making them pay for a copy isn't unethical, but telling them they can't control something they paid for is, to me. At that point, I would consider them to be failures on all of our parts for celebrating the sacrifice of freedom for convenience.
Now, I don't know much about the internals of Bitcoin, having not read the source (though I do plan on it). Since we have access to the source, it really doesn't matter who created the software in the first place. If it turns out that a malicious entity has control over it members of the community have copies of the existing source, and they can modify it to not include any malicious features to make a new, more acceptable coin. It is because of that freedom that any of the altcoins exist. I think your point that whoever created the program controls it is a fallacy. Freedom-respecting software is controlled by the users and contributors, not the creator, and Bitcoin respects these freedoms.
The only threat I see in your comment is perhaps the one about Intel, but that is the result of one of the (possibly inevitable) flaws in Bitcoin's design. It has nothing to do with the freedom we have in the software we use, so I don't exactly see how it's relevant to this discussion.
@_date: 2014-09-15 21:52:36
I can't see what you're getting at here. You started out agreeing, then somewhere in there you stopped?
For me, it's about freedom. If I have to sacrifice freedom for a convenience (like Steam), then my first reaction is to reject it. As much as I would love for Bitcoin to gain popularity (because Bitcoin respects your freedom), promoting freedom by promoting something that does not respect freedom just seems backwards.
It's like protesting prisons by letting people wear handcuffs outside of jail.
@_date: 2015-04-15 11:14:44
Important to me: do we know what license it will be released under?
@_date: 2015-02-27 22:49:50
You must have never seen the things like this on /r/dogecoin