@_author: v-smooth
@_date: 2017-03-19 19:42:49
If i may give my inputs on this. Ive done alot of mlm and i exchanges bitcoin daily. I mined bitcoin b4 and also did some cloud mining... Someone presented to opportunity to me and i tested it. I spent 300euro converted into bitcoin and my account and back office was set up... i wanted to se the inside of the business b4 promoting to my friends. I have received 30scoins and every day 2.4 was added to my stash... i have the option to stack those coin or sell it back to the company... So far i was still not making any commission as i didnt refered anyone.. the stash keeps growing... theres is an option for me to sell those coins to the company and they buy it at 0.5 euro each coins ( 1.2 euro) so technically im making 1.2euro a day and this should stay this way for 365 days. just of that my initial investment will be paid back with profit... if it keeps going that way i will be netting 453euros from a 300 investments... to me its a good deal... better returns than my tangerine savings account and i didnt had to convince anyone..  apparently if i do i get another 10% commission on the contract my referal will get...
I dont understand why ppl call everything a scam but the bank is the biggest one ever...
I read forexTrading and binary option is a scam but i have close friend making good money from it.
I read ACN and herbalife was scam but those who puts time and efford live very well from it. 
Way back then i the price of bitcoin was growing i wanted to get my friends into it and they all said its fake money... and btc did crash now look at it...
The truth is people rarely believe and new thing or ideas.. Critic and bash of i read this or i heard that.... i  have money to loose for testing things out some are good and some arent. CoinSpace is real Scoin isnt a real coins yet but the company still give me those coins daily and when i selling they put those in a cool payza account link to my tangerine account.. 
Anyways im not tryna convince anyone. I just wanted to give my 2 cents since i tested it and everyone should have a fair trial.. 
 for screenshot 
@_date: 2017-03-28 13:30:34
i got in the business not to long ago and my friend looked it up and said its a scam because he saw it there and i felt the need to expose the truth thats all but since you toss the idea imma do just that looking for people bashing this company..
@_date: 2017-03-28 13:51:05
i read the warning you posted but i like to take risk and tried it... and they do what it says... i get scoin daily in my backoffice.. the company bought my scoin so i made money from this and i refer ppl and got 20% comission... Id be quick to claim scam if it was true... but its legit to me im happy... it just sad that i lose sales because ppl lookup to reddit for real info and all the naysayers never lost a penny to the company but still talk bad on it... 300 euro aint much.. try it
@_date: 2017-03-29 14:00:36
why you so arrogant lol... anyways i will do a video soon and post the youtube link here.. the guys that was there before me show me their payza accounts and cashout request... after you'll say the video is fake cmon son
@_date: 2017-03-28 13:40:34
Why is it a scam? Ive made money from cloudmining and made money from referals.. so far looks legit... maybe they need to put more work into they payments systems and more customers services but the co-founders are there to help when i need.. no bad experience so far...
And yeah i know that post is old but newcomers look up on reddit and theres only naysayers bashing everything without trying.. like nothing but a regular jobs works well to get money cmon guys