@_author: vt_dude
@_date: 2014-02-10 15:35:41
In the US at least, the goal should be to force the company into bankruptcy. In a bankruptcy request, everyone who didn't get their withdraws would ask the court to step in, seize the remaining assets of the company, and divide the assets (hopefully mostly coins in offline wallets) up among the debt holders in a prioritized and proportional order decided by the court that takes weeks to years to sort out.
Filing criminal charges against the CEO may also lead to the company getting forced into bankruptcy, but they are not one in the same. I'm pretty sure in the US you would want to file bankruptcy against the company, and then let the prosecutors and the courts, who are experts in the law and in discovering malfeasance, file any criminal charges as appropriate.
I am not a lawyer and I have no expertise in Japanese law.
@_date: 2014-02-11 17:46:26
The best end of Gox for all involved is probably for a large US tech company that wants a jumpstart into the crypto payment business by buying a customer base and has the clout to make a “no harm, no foul, and here’s the forensics on Silk Road” sort of deal with law enforcement around the world to buy all of the Gox assets and make the users whole. I’m calling out YOU, Satya Nadella. Half the BTC community will hate the new boss just as much as the old boss, but it will be hard to say that the new boss isn’t good for the withdraws or doesn’t have a lot of experience keeping buggy software afloat. Example happy ending:
“Microsoft has bought the assets of Gox for $0. Mark Kerpeles and the management team have resigned effective immediately but at least they are not headed for jail or a lynch-mob.  Microsoft is launching Microsoft Wallet 2014. Simply link your Gox account to your Microsoft account and you are free to withdraw from your wallet immediately as BTC, or via ACH or credit card. We know that Windows has not always been the first choice of the Bitcoin community, and we want to do you a solid here, so sign up here for a free, unlocked Nokia 520 (AT&amp;T) or 521 (T-Mobile) Windows Phone featuring Windows Wallet 2014, a deal worth over 0.25 BTC alone. Plus, receive a free one-year subscription to Xbox Music, with access to over 30 million songs. Drink tickets are in your info packet and now here’s Selena Gomez, singing her hits all available on Xbox music and for purchase with BTC.
@_date: 2014-02-20 23:28:57
Here it is
@_date: 2017-02-16 17:14:06
The big deal is not yet-another ETF, it is an ETF listed on a major exchange than can be purchased by the trillions of dollars in pension funds that are limited to investing in things listed on major exchanges.
@_date: 2017-06-15 18:56:09
Or any other legit "Bitcoin Transaction Accelerator"
@_date: 2017-06-14 01:44:06


Yes. Some banks only accept certain currencies and some only accept certain swift codes for certain currencies. Mastering the bank wire system is a career unto itself. Quoting the wikipedia example: 
"An example of this is Bank of America in the United States. For US Dollar denominated wires, its SWIFT code is BOFAUS3N. The SWIFT code for wires sent in foreign currency (non-U.S. dollars) to Bank of America in the United States is BOFAUS6S."