@_author: vulcidian
@_date: 2013-12-09 03:46:24
I'm somewhat confused about the last half of what you said, so I may work it out as I'm typing. It's a good thought experiment, I think, to imagine what might happen once the supply of BTC becomes fixed, but the network supporting it grows in complexity and energy expenditure. If I were to create an imaginary exchange rate, let's call it "logical operations per Bitcoin", that must mean that a single Bitcoin must be able to purchase more and more logical operations over time. These logical operations consume energy, so a single Bitcoin must be able to purchase more energy over time. I guess I haven't figured out the last part, what incentives would that provide to the supporting community. Why would it make them interested in increasing computational power? Why not do the opposite, stagnate or decrease power to make Bitcoins cheaper?
@_date: 2013-12-09 03:29:29
Perhaps the term intrinsic value is too loaded. What I was trying to get across was connecting the "cost" of a Bitcoin to something physical. The amount of energy consumed in mining a Bitcoin is no more arbitrary, I think, than the amount of energy required to switch on a light, or start a car.
@_date: 2013-12-09 03:59:56
The marginal cost of producing an additional ounce of gold is calculable, but I think it's much more difficult to measure than it is for Bitcoins. The marginal cost of one new Bitcoin is much easier to guestimate. I feel like I got my little thread started off on the wrong foot entirely. I should have said marginal production cost instead of intrinsic value =(
@_date: 2013-12-09 03:31:38
I think I started off with a term that wasn't as precise as it could have been. What I was trying to say was that there should be a definite expected energy cost in mining a Bitcoin (in a statistical sense), and this cost is no more subjective than any other natural/physical process. I then wanted to raise the question as to whether the value we place on the cost of this energy in money terms could tell us something about the trust cost of supplying Bitcoins. 
@_date: 2013-12-09 03:35:47
It's a good point that something doesn't have value just because you worked hard on it. However, it think your final point that it has nothing to do with worth must be wrong. If it were very easy to create Bitcoins, wouldn't they lose their utility?
@_date: 2013-12-09 04:01:39
To hopefully clarify, I'll just copy/paste something I wrote elsewhere:
The marginal cost of one new Bitcoin is much easier to guestimate. I feel like I got my little thread started off on the wrong foot entirely. I should have said marginal production cost instead of intrinsic value =(
@_date: 2013-12-09 03:53:28
That's an interesting notion, but hopefully we don't have to wade that deeply into the metaphysical weeds! 
What I was trying to get at was something much more modest. Essentially, if we can calculate the expected energy cost to create a Bitcoin, say it's 6 watts per minute (totally made up as I have no knowledge of electrical physics), then we should have a pretty good idea of what 6 watts per minute equals in dollars. Then, if we compare the cost of creating a Bitcoin to the cost currently being charged on the market, it might answers some questions about whether or not it's value is sustainable (from a purely arbitrage theory point of view).