@_author: vulguspress
@_date: 2018-01-27 18:48:47
Excerpt: The transformation of society caused by cryptocurrency is vast and complex, which makes it difficult to sketch. It can be glimpsed in microcosm, however, by looking at a small slice. Consider one issue: authentication. It sounds like a dry and almost sterile topic, but its implications are vast.
Authentication is the process of verifying something or someone to be true, genuine, or valid. It is the backbone of modern finance -– credit checks, background information, references, government credentials — institutions want to vet people within an inch of existence before opening an account or transferring a dollar from one hand to the other. The reason is clear. Government demands a complete accounting of who everyone is and of every cent they own. Government approval and authentication of identity is the modern form of financial reputation. Without government authentication in the form of documents and bureaucratic approval, few things are (or were) financially possible.
The opposite of the authentication of identity used to be true in economic exchanges. In days of barter, or direct trade, the question of identity was not important; character was not necessarily important. A chicken was a chicken was a chicken. It did not matter whether the seller was a devil or a saint, as long as chicken was healthy and fat. A buyer examined chickens, looked at horses’ teeth, and squeezed tomatoes. The authentication focused on the good being traded rather than upon the people involved....
Cryptocurrency reverses the authentication process. It takes authentication back to the barter stage of verifying goods while, at the same time, providing the sophistication of modern finance. Users of the blockchain can be anonymous or pseudonymous, which is the opposite of being authenticated. The focus is all on the “good” involved: that is, the crypto. If the blockchain accepts or authenticates the crypto, then no real identities need to be involved. A bitcoin is a bitcoin is a bitcoin. The people don’t matter. 
@_date: 2017-12-09 21:16:01
Excerpt: When a government declares war it does so on at least three fronts: the opposing government, the people of the opposing nation, and the dissenters within its own territory. Some internal dissenters agitate on principle but their ranks are swelled by those who object to the taxes and the other civil liberty violations committed in the name of war. For government, the tricky question is how to extract as much money as possible without incurring a backlash. How to sidestep the tendency of people to assert their civil liberties and resist?
An underdiscussed aspect of central banks and currency manipulation is their impact on civil liberties. Direct taxes, confiscations, and regulations are visible. People understand a hand that reaches directly into their pockets or throws them in jail for refusing to pay the “war” portion of their taxes; they will disobey. By contrast, confusing monetary policies are invisible at a non-transparent bureaucracy level. People do not understand or immediately feel the impact of quantitative easing, for example. It does not prompt them take to the streets with picket signs. Instead, people go about their daily lives and simply assume the burden of an indirect tax they do not quite understand. 
@_date: 2018-05-26 18:41:24
Excerpt: In 1963, the political philosopher Hannah Arendt wrote a book Eichmann in Jerusalem, about “the banality of evil,” which redefined that concept forever. Evil is not usually committed by sadistic monsters, she argued, but by ordinary people who relinquish personal responsibility for their actions and obey the orders or rules of a corrupt system. (Here, evil is defined as deliberately and callously inflicting great harm on innocent people.)
Arendt reached this conclusion while reporting for The New Yorker on the trial of high-ranking Nazi Adolf Eichmann, which occurred in Israel. As a German Jew who fled the rise of Hitler, she should have been appalled to be in the same room with Eichmann. Instead, Arendt was fascinated by him. There was no guilt, no rage, no sense of responsibility, nothing exceptional. As her book explained, Eichmann kept repeating that, “He did his duty…; he not only obeyed orders, he also obeyed the law.” He was also assisted by a vast network of average people—clerks, railroad workers, low-ranking soldiers—who sent innocent others off to prison or worse fates, without a second thought. It was the law.
Cryptocurrency confronts the banality of an economic system for which the word “evil” is not too strong a word. Opening with Arendt may seem like hyperbole, but it captures something important. The central banking system and the other economic controls imposed by government seem benign because they are so familiar; people grew up with them. And bank clerks can be very pleasant as they demand Know Your Customer data; if the customer objects, they answer “I am doing my job, and it is the law.” Nothing benign occurs in the system. Hard-working people are robbed of their wealth through measures like inflation and the monopoly of fiat currency; food is taken from the mouths of children; innovators who could produce a better world are shackled; in some nations, people die for want of nourishment or medical care.
@_date: 2017-02-07 19:37:07
Bitcoin is a freedom currency in a manner that isn’t obvious and which is virtually undiscussed. Bitcoin is commonly linked to victimless crime, but the dynamic reaches far deeper than merely freeing individuals to buy goods and services, unsavory or not. Victimless crime is the lifeblood of the surveillance state without which big government could not function. Victimless crime creates the surveillance state.
@_date: 2017-02-24 13:18:56
I agree. But the establishment will fight back with the one weapon they have --brute force. It is wise for individuals to avoid becoming collateral damage. That's the point of the article...to show you how.
@_date: 2017-03-30 11:46:27
Preppers and survivalists are rigidly individualistic and anti-government. The crypto-community needs them to counterbalance the trend toward licenses, regulation, and state control. There are two problems with outreach, however: some voices in the crypto-community are openly hostile or scornful to preppers and survivalists; many preppers and survivalists view bitcoin with skepticism. The later ask a reasonable question which is often shrugged off: will bitcoin survive a collapse of infrastructure which could include the electric grid? 
I have no doubt that digital currencies will not only survive but also grow as they have in the chaos that is Venezuela. But, again, the question is reasonable and deserves a respectful response.
@_date: 2017-03-03 17:22:44
Excerpt: Silence surrounds the probable impact of Trump on Bitcoin because there’s a dearth of facts. Some indications hint at a favorable impact however, even as they pose threats to freedom and prosperity. Indeed, sometimes it's because of the threat that bitcoin could surge forward as a safe haven and the solution to the problems government creates. Here’s a sampling of what users can expect: two unintended consequences and two slug-matches brewing.
@_date: 2017-03-17 14:35:59
Excerpt: The freshly-licensed Coinbase is a bellwether of what to expect from centralized bitcoin exchanges. This is true not only in the U.S. but wherever regulation forces exchanges to serve the state and crony-banking system from which bitcoin offers escape. No wonder decentralized exchanges, like Localbitcoins, are breaking their own volume records on a weekly basis. The peer to peer exchanges are imperfect. But for the cautious and the informed, they are a return to the privacy and financial freedom that made bitcoin a beacon. For the full article,  click here.
@_date: 2017-03-10 14:13:57
The Australian computer scientist Craig Wright, who once claimed to be Satoshi Nakamoto, is continuing his effort to obtain hundreds of digital currency and blockchain patents. Why: For profit. How: By some 400 patent applications on Bitcoin and blockchain-related technology. A recent Reuters report (March 2, 2017) referred to the onslaught as an unprecedented “land grab for intellectual property”.
@_date: 2017-08-02 12:52:53
For the first time, the U.S. government attacked a foreign cryptocurrency exchange on foreign soil. It closed down the Russian-based exchange BTC-e. (Russian-based refers to ownership, not location.) BTC-e reported, “On July 25…the FBI staff came to the data center…and seized all equipment, the servers contained databases and purses of our service.” BTC-e is charged with 21 violations of U.S. financial law; the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network also hit it with a $110,003,314 penalty. The move was stunning not only because BTC-e is one of the oldest and largest exchanges but also because many now locked accounts are owned by non-U.S. citizens, non-residents.
@_date: 2016-12-19 13:51:47
As the author, I am sorry to be so negative but the measure described in the article are what I honestly see coming on the horizon. I will drop by the commentary section of the article several times today to answer questions and to chat. See you there.
@_date: 2018-06-18 11:50:59
Excerpt: "The anarchists…work not for a perfect social state, but for a perfect political system. A perfect social state is…totally free from sin or crime or folly; a perfect political system is merely a system in which justice is observed, in which nothing is punished but crime and nobody coerced but the invader."
-Victor Yarros, American anarchist, lawyer, and author
The perfect society is embodied by the institutions that individuals create and through which they function. The same is true of a dystopian society. That’s why institutional analysis is essential to understand how freedom and totalitarianism work. 
@_date: 2018-06-15 14:56:12
Excerpt: So far, this article has applied spontaneous order only to economics, which is the bedrock of society. But human beings have other needs, as well: law, spirituality, culture, education, family…these are some of the institutions by which civilization is defined. With the bedrock in place, it is time to explore how spontaneous order establishes the other institutions of civilization. They, too, are not the result of human design—that is, not the result of central planning. And cryptocurrency is redefining these institutions in the image of Liberty.
@_date: 2018-06-03 06:47:43
Excerpt: Catallaxy. The obscure term captures a dynamic that is essential to the creation of civilization: cooperation. If human beings are to rise above the level of Robinson Crusoe or savagery, then they must interact to mutual advantage. Historically, the “cooperation” is usually orchestrated by a central authority-a government, a tribal leader, a religion-that negates the voice of the individual. One reason people agree to be silenced is because they worship the authority, which makes them willingly or unthinkingly sabotage their individualism.
And yet, human beings are conflicted. Most hope to be the type of person who would stand between a lynch mob and the black man it is hunting. There is a yearning to be heroic and unique, even if it is expressed by standing in a crowd in which everyone yells, “I am unique!” This is not always hypocrisy. It is often a conflicted but honest response to two antagonistic urges: worship of authority; and, the need to feel real as an individual.
@_date: 2017-11-06 13:26:50
Excerpt: The process [of blind signature] is often illustrated by an analogy. A voter wants his ballot to remain secret but, to be counted, it must be signed by an election official who verifies the voter’s eligibility. The solution: the voter writes his credentials on the outside of an envelope, wraps the marked ballot in carbon paper and places it inside the envelope. The official verifies the credentials and signs the envelope, thereby transferring his signature to the ballot inside; he verifies the ballot without knowing its contents. The voter puts the now-authorized ballot into a new unmarked envelope which is slipped into a box of ballots waiting to be counted. The vote counter verifies the validity of the signature and the vote is recorded. But the vote counter has no idea who cast that particular ballot. Neither the content of the vote nor the ballot itself can be linked back to the individual voter. This is the essence of a blind signature and its unlinkability.
@_date: 2017-11-14 13:02:02
Excerpt: On October 31, 2008, Satoshi Nakamoto published a White Paper entitled “Bitcoin: A Peer-to-Peer Electronic Cash System” on the Cryptography Mailing List at metzdowd.com. It spelled out the reasoning behind bitcoin and the design of bitcoin’s instrument of implementation: the blockchain. The White Paper also solved a problem that had haunted cryptocurrency: double spending. Satoshi’s brief explanation is a defining document of our century. It is all the more remarkable, therefore, that no one seems to know Satoshi’s identity or even whether he is an individual or a team of programmers. Clearly, he coded from a love of the technology rather from than a desire for fame. Since the code was open source, unpatented and offered widely to all, acquiring wealth does not appear to be the driving goal either. By process of elimination, political motivation becomes more probable. But arriving at that conclusion requires an examination of the evidence and background surrounding Bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-04-14 16:39:07
If you want to understand why the CIA is suddenly tagging Wikileaks as an intelligence agency and Assange as an enemy agent under Russian control, then read "Your Bitcoins Open to CIA and Criminals, Heed Wikileaks' Warning." The last 4 leaks have been devastating to the CIA...or they would be if the mainstream media deigned to notice them.
@_date: 2017-04-24 04:46:18
Excerpt: Copyright. Patent. Trademark. None of these concepts apply comfortably to Bitcoin which was forged in open source and plunked into the public domain to function as a collaborative venture. Intellectual property (IP) itself seems antiquated in the Internet Age with gluts of free data just a Bittorrent away. But IP is an active issue within the crypto-community, especially regarding customized blockchains in which there is tremendous potential for profit. 
@_date: 2018-03-17 19:28:46
Excerpt: "True Names provides a point of reference for science fiction fans. The 1981 novella by Vernor Vinge is sometimes credited with launching the cyberpunk movement because it explores so many of the themes that were later developed in great detail. One theme: the protection of a true identity is vitally important to the freedom and the survival of an individual. A true identity is the name or other identifying information that can lead people directly to someone else’s front door, whether the journey is to shake the person’s hand or to arrest him. True Names has special relevance to the new privacy being created by cryptocurrency because it highlights the shift in the focus of privacy away from transactions to identities. Transactions and identities are no longer irrevocably connected. Indeed, they can be totally separated. And there are great advantages to doing so.
"The nexus of privacy is now vested in the identities, in the True Names of who is involved in the transactions; it is vested in the digital signatures, which technology increasingly places under individual control. Call it anonymity—the assumption of a non-identified persona. Call it pseudonymity—the adoption of a secondary persona. Call it polynymity—the use of multiple personas to achieve different purposes. It has never been more difficult to uncover an individual’s True Name in financial dealings. Having a record of transactions is becoming a dead-end strategy for governments."
@_date: 2018-02-19 18:44:55
The ongoing crack-down on privacy is legitimized to the public by the faux claim that only criminals want “concealment.” Defenders of privacy usually give weak-tea arguments. Instead, they should straighten their spines, stand tall, and argue from high ground. The high ground: privacy and human rights are, and always have been, intimately connected concepts that enable individual freedom. Government wants people to abandon privacy because they would be abandoning a powerful threat to its authority.
Privacy is so essential to human rights that it is indistinguishable from them.
@_date: 2017-09-25 20:15:46
The revolution of 2009 went unnoticed by most people because it was peaceful, orderly and profoundly technological. In 2009, Satoshi Nakamoto released open source software by which peer-to-peer transfers of digital wealth, called bitcoins, flashed over an immutable and transparent ledger, called the blockchain.
A new model challenged the existing reality and peacefully rendered it obsolete. Instead of toppling a government only to have another rise in its place, the new model rendered all governments irrelevant through a new technology and a private currency unlike anything seen before. Bitcoins move seamlessly through a world without states or borders, obeying only the command of individuals who choose to deal with each other. Immune to currency manipulation and inflation, they do not serve the powerful elites at the expense of average people; it is a people’s currency. Transfers are pseudonymous with substantial privacy provided by encryption algorithms and hash functions. The blockchain is immutable and visible to all which makes it immune to corruption.
In an instant, the world changed forever.
@_date: 2018-02-24 21:52:00
Privacy underpins all other rights and facilitates all other freedoms. Self-serving governments and bureaucrats are reconstructing privacy as the antechamber of criminals. A good rule of thumb? Whatever statists try to destroy in your life is something you *need* to preserve.
@_date: 2018-02-12 14:50:04
Crypto advocates differ dramatically on the impact of Initial Coin Offerings (ICOs). They are a valuable dynamic that financed Ethereum’s smart contract; they are a blank cheque for scammers; they give government a wedge with which to separate cryptocurrency from freedom. The damnable thing is that all the assessments may be correct.
@_date: 2018-03-26 04:43:23
Excerpt: “The Case For Privacy” is an excellent essay by the economist and legal scholar David D. Friedman. It opens: “An old science fiction novel features a device that surrounds its bearer with an impenetrable bubble of force.” The novel is Shield (1963) by Poul Anderson. It presents a dystopian world in which a neoconservative, militaristic, and repressive United States dominates the globe, with the exception of China.
Then a game changer occurs. An idealistic astronaut, Peter Koskinen, returns from Mars, with a new technology that has been developed in tandem with indigenous Martians. A portable force field protects the wearer from almost every attack, but it allows light to penetrate freely. It is the ultimate defensive device for individuals. Koskinen wrestles with himself about which political faction to gift with the force field. After a murder attempt, he realizes that no one should have a monopoly on the technology. Friedman sketched Koskinen’s solution. “He writes out an explanation of how the shield works and spends two days distributing the information to people all over the world. By the time Military Security-the most formidable of his pursuers-catches up with him, it is too late. The cat is out of the bag.”
Friedman’s brilliance is to draw an immediate parallel between the force field and privacy. Anderson’s brilliance was to foreshadow Satoshi’s strategy regarding release of the blockchain.
@_date: 2017-10-22 17:26:06
EXCERPT: I was seven years old when I realized my parents did not understand some of the most important dynamics of life. I was riding in the back seat of the car with a bag of candy purchased from a roadside store which was supposed to keep me quiet. It didn’t work. A thought tumbled out of my mouth. “Why do we pay for anything?” I asked. “Why don’t people just go into stores and take what they need?”
My mother replied, “It is wrong to steal.”
I explained, “I don’t mean stealing. I mean why do we give people money instead of sharing everything?” My parents fell silent.
When I asked again, my mother shot back over her shoulder, “Don’t ask stupid questions!”
They didn’t know the answer; I recognized this immediately. And their inability to explain why we needed money disturbed me because they discussed money constantly. How to make more, was there enough to repair the car, could they afford to replace the roof, someone needed dental work, what was the spending cap on Christmas? Concern about money ran through every aspect of their lives and, yet, my parents didn’t know how to answer the basic question of why we need it.
@_date: 2017-10-29 16:23:20
EXCERPT: Cryptocurrency was not created to make money; the blockchain was not forged to render banking more efficient. The core developers did not use open source or eschew patents because they were proprietary or wanted to reap a fortune. They wanted privacy and freedom to be available without cost to all. Anyone who believes Bitcoin was designed for financial gain knows nothing about its history or the idealism built into its algorithms. Profiting from cryptocurrency and using blockchains to economic advantage are laudable by-products, but Bitcoin was conceived as a vehicle for creating political and social change by empowering individuals and weakening government. The developers were revolutionaries. Bitcoin was a blast of rebellion.
@_date: 2018-04-01 16:15:59
Not at all. It is a fine collection of news and commentary that demands no purchase, no entry fee. And I am a libertarian writer with decades of publication, including many mainstream documentaries and 12 books.
@_date: 2017-05-30 12:31:30
Regulators use financial institutions such as banks to control the flow of wealth. The digital exchange companies that serve as “trusted third parties” are the main control points for bitcoin. That’s the point at which privacy is stripped from users, and the transfer of wealth can be closely monitored. For regulations to work, therefore, users must be herded toward trusted third parties who function as an arm of the government. Because peer-to-peer exchanges sidestep digital exchanges, the former are slowly being criminalized.
Sal Mansy should serve as a cautionary tale.
@_date: 2017-07-19 17:02:48
Going mainstream -- aka state recognition of cryptocurrencies -- means state regulation under harsh, harsh US tax laws. Americans will become even more of pariahs in the foreign financial institutions. 
@_date: 2018-04-01 16:14:29
Excerpt: The niche of centralized exchanges comes from blending the functions of a stock market and a bank. A centralized exchange is a marketplace for trading or converting assets through a single location or service. In many ways, it is similar to the New York Stock Exchange. Currencies can be traded and shorted, for example; margin trading, stop loss, and lending are also available. Satoshi did not address the stock-market functions of crypto, which he probably did not foresee. In fairness, Satoshi explicitly referred to Bitcoin as a developing and evolving technology, which was in its infancy.
In other ways, centralized exchanges resemble banks. After purchasing crypto from an exchange, many customers choose to leave their coins in an account rather than transfer them to a private wallet on their own hard drive. The reasons vary: convenience, the comforting similarity to a bank, the ease of converting to fiat, quick trading, and discomfort with the technology required to set up a private wallet. Whatever the reason, centralized exchanges become trusted third parties that endanger the wealth and well-being of individuals. Consider one aspect of the problem. Private keys are the crypto. The coins have no physical presence, only algorithmic ones. When an exchange controls the keys, it owns the coins; the customer has nothing more than a promise of access to them upon demand.
Reality often breaks promises. 
@_date: 2017-05-12 16:16:02
It charts a new and frightening threat to computer security -- thank you NSA! It also provides links to the fixes that exist and to the advice of cyber-security experts on what to look out for.
@_date: 2017-07-12 12:30:43
"An upcoming meeting of the Uniform Law Commission (ULC) is likely to change how law enforcement across the U.S. approaches bitcoin. Right now, the meeting is under the radar, but its fallout could soon make a pivotal debate flare on a state-by-state level." Note: given that each state will likely enact much the same measure, the ULC "model act" will function as de facto federal law. 
@_date: 2017-06-08 13:19:31
Excerpt: Senate Bill 1241 defines digital currencies as “monetary instruments” and digital exchanges/tumblers as “financial institutions” for purposes of enforcing anti-money laundering laws. If successful, the “Combating Money Laundering, Terrorist Financing and Counterfeiting Act” would inflict unhappy consequences on bitcoin freedom. [Note: for a section-by-section analysis of the bill, please click here. Section 13 deals directly with cryptocurrencies. The other sections become relevant only because 13 makes bitcoin fall under their purview.]
SB1241 would have another impact that is less obvious but Prepare For SB1241's Pit Bull Assault on Bitcoin Freedomequally sweeping. Federal law is centralized law; that is, the same regulation is imposed equally on all states. Of course, the ideal is no regulation at all except for the community standards of businesses and users. But if bitcoin is to be regulated, then a patchwork of incompatible or differing laws is far more favorable to freedom than homogeneity. A network of decentralized authorities (states) may not constitute liberty but it does offer alternatives and escapes for those who seek greater freedom. 
@_date: 2017-06-26 16:34:49
It is a global grab at financial data.