@_author: vulkare
@_date: 2015-01-21 19:45:08
Silly article! Bitcoin is not a stock, it doesn't work exactly like a stock, and cant normally be "shorted" from most Bitcoin exchanges. Comparing apples and oranges. The value of Bitcoin doesn't even represent anything, and pretty much arbitrary ( unlike a normal stock, where the value represents tangible assets and profits of a company ). The main value of Bitcoin, as we know, are for things like sending money, shopping online, etc..) And that can be accomplished at nearly any value level. Bitcoin price is arbitrary and not tied to any specific price. If you say Bitcoin is "cheap" or "expensive" how do you know what it's value is supposed to actually be since it represents nothing or at most, not much? With a regular stock you have tangible measurable things by which you can assign a fair price. Also there is no Bitcoin "floor" where traders are going into a frenzy, just a bunch of peeps siting at their computers using Bitcoin for a wide range of reasons. I am a big Bitcoin fan, and I use it a lot and trade it. But this article just gave me some chuckles!
@_date: 2015-07-20 19:44:14
OPs first problem is he is not even sure if it's a good idea or not. If you want to get an investor, you need to be telling them "this is an AWESOME plan!" You are the one selling/pitching the idea. The fact that you have so much doubt shows you havn't thought things through, and don't have a good plan. You need to do your homework *before* asking someone to invest, then after having done said homework, you should be bubbling with enthusiasm, drive, and *confidence* when pitching your idea. The way you've written it here ( weather it's a good idea or not ), sounds like the worst pitch I have ever heard because of how uncertain you are about it. You gotta believe in it yourself because if you don't, why should anyone else?
@_date: 2015-07-21 13:35:58
You misunderstand my statements. I'm not suggesting at all that you hype up something that doesn't deserve it. I'm saying you need to put in the hard work yourself of researching and developing your idea, work out the details, feasibility, etc. After having done that, if you are really excited and genuinely confident of your plan, *then* pitch your idea to an investor. At that point, you can definitely pump it up in the way you present it, because it's backed by real value and substance. What I propose is substance &amp; hype, not hype by itself. If you look at Steve Jobs, considered by many to be one of the best marketers ever, he definitely hyped Apple's products but the products were genuinely great and more or less lived up to the hype in many peoples opinion. As it stands now, you have explicitly expressed doubts about your idea. Yes you were honest that it may not be a good idea, thanks! So that should be a hint to yourself to put more hard work into developing your idea.
@_date: 2015-07-21 17:04:04
Hey bro, just see it all as "useful tips and feedback". Being an entrepreneur is definitely challenging, props to you for exploring ideas to develop. You will get much further than people who don't even try. My tip is simply work on your idea a bit more to improve what you have to present to people, that's all. I get that the news "just happened" and you wrote the post immediately. I'm not saying to take forever working on the idea, just get in more groundwork to figure it out, for instance, maybe a couple weeks of hard effort. The fact of the matter is, creating a new business from scratch takes TONS of time and effort, so it's not like you can just get it off the ground so quickly right after that information was leaked online, unless you already own a well developed code-base for a dating site. There's a lot of questions for your idea, for instance, what would be the legality of just taking all that leaked information and exploiting it? And would it attract lawsuits?  
Steve Jobs was a great marketer. Anyone proposing business ideas/plans and pitching them should be good at marketing their idea, no? I used that as an example. If you try my "tip" and do a bit more groundwork and then pitch it better, I predict that would help you attract the partners you are looking for to team up with you, which is your stated goal. What I'm saying sounds critical but it's for a good reason. As someone with a lot of IT skills, I get "pitched" ideas all the time from friends and people I know. When they tell me the idea, it's obvious they put no time into it at all. As the saying goes an idea is "a dime a dozen". My response to is to tell them "I might take on your idea, but work up some designs and sketches of what the APP should look like and how it should function, then show it to me". Then what happens is they never follow through on it ever again. 
@_date: 2015-04-17 21:49:00
As true as that may be. Bitcoin is not necessarily the solution. Your Bitcoin, while safe from government controlled inflation, is more likely to be "confiscated" by corrupt exchanges, hackers, your own faulty memory, loss of key, user error, mass panic selling, or perhaps the downfall of Bitcoin itself. In life there is risk in all things.
@_date: 2015-04-17 14:26:44
If by explode you mean having a bubble like it has before, than sure. Anything else is doubtful. It will never be something regular people use, unless it's part of some product they buy and use as easily as they buy and use anything else. For example, if there was a kind of "hardware wallet" that can be easily used without understanding how it works, and there was some definite advantage to using it, that's plausible. The mass public is not going to use something that takes effort, and requires even a modicum of education and understanding. In this day and age, you would be shocked how many people don't even have basic computer literacy ( I've worked in tech support, trust me I know ). In my opinion, Bitcoin will only ever be a niche at the consumer level. Probably the biggest potential for Bitcoin to be "big", is at the business level where companies and businesses use it as a tool, and is done by people in a professional role. Or Bitcoin could facilitate services that regular people use which are built on top of Bitcoin. Even at that, it's highly uncertain how far that will go, as Bitcoin itself is uncertain. I think the average joe will just never directly use Bitcoin in their lifetime.