@_author: vulturebob
@_date: 2017-08-22 04:51:32
Actually, it's been Core not getting on board with 2x that has continued to drive the miner behavior.  
@_date: 2017-08-22 04:18:27
You're mixing up mining hash power with the exchange market.  They are two independent things.
@_date: 2017-08-30 15:22:00
There's no good reason to wreak havoc on the network, I agree.  That's why the Segwit2x compromise should move forward.
Unless your goal is to centralize and make money off your LN node or drivechain, there's no downside to going to 2x.  It provides some increased capacity that we'll need anyway in the future for those who want secure/decentralized transactions.  It prevents a contentious network-disruptive event.
Same as the miners who went along with Segwit activation to prevent a contentious, network-disruptive event by the 1000 or so UASF nodes, we should go along with 2x for the same reason.
@_date: 2017-08-30 16:10:40
About 1982-83 or so.  IBM PC is gaining traction and just starting to show up in some businesses.  Still a bit nerdy, not yet well adapted to a mass market, but you can start to see the glimmers of where it's going.  A year or so away from someone introducing the Mac, which will begin the trend toward broader adoption.
@_date: 2017-08-30 14:42:33
No, simply adding a bit more space for transactions *one-time-only* (and only if people and devs choose to use it) is not scaling.   Scaling means having a mechanism for adding capacity as needed.
@_date: 2017-08-22 04:47:33
That sort of arbitrage is possible, and it's the way the bitcoin price worldwide stays sort of the same even when there's a big buy or sell trend in one part of the world.
The reason that bitcoin arbitrage is inefficient (largish differences between exchanges) is because of the difficulty in moving fiat between exchanges.  
@_date: 2017-08-22 04:29:57
A fork to a different POW is insanely stupid.  No testing, no controlled rollout, the absolute worst form of hard fork.  Effectively the end of that chain of the coin, but hurting millions of end users in the process.
@_date: 2017-08-22 04:53:34
Except that Lightning network and Segwit-enabled side chains lead to greater centralization.  
@_date: 2017-08-30 16:28:07
What are the uses for gold?  Some use as a conductor in printed circuit boards and connectors.  A few specialty chemical uses like in creating office building windows or treatments for a few medical conditions.  Biggest use is ornamentation.
I'm not sure those uses have ever justified the actual value of gold.  Yet people buy it and hold it for no good reason, just to have it, causing the value to go up.
The real value of bitcoin is relatively frictionless and trustless worldwide value storage and exchange.   Worldwide exchange is a multi-trillion-dollar business.   Cyber crime and anonymous payments are just a tiny fraction of the use cases.
@_date: 2017-08-22 05:00:42
The notion that larger block nodes are too expensive to run is just silly.  The cost of both bandwidth and storage is a fraction of what it was at the start of bitcoin.  At 8MB blocks, an average user could run for a decade on off-the-shelf, ordinary hardware.
@_date: 2017-08-30 16:04:46
The easiest solution is for the various SPV nodes to upgrade to a working 2x client.
All of the other solutions involve much higher risk of confusion, lost coins, reorgs and other nonsense.
It's just like the activation of Segwit.  Activation of Segwit through Segwit2x/BIP91 was preferable to all the risks from an uncontrolled and contentious UASF.   The rational compromise allowed bitcoin to move forward.
No different here.
@_date: 2017-08-30 15:27:27
That's a bit like saying "if I hold stock in Amazon and it goes up 10% but I could have held stock in Tesla which went up 20% then I invested at a loss".   It makes no sense.
You still made money on Amazon, and you likely kept holding Amazon because you felt it was a more reliable, longer-term investment.   In fact, you might continue to hold Amazon even if it went down a fair bit in absolute terms.
@_date: 2017-08-30 15:36:27
I'm a relative newbie to the bitcoin world, and only an infrequent reddit poster.
Have you looked at how much noise and schadenfreude there is on this sub?   More than half of it reads like Conspiracy Theory Central.  Along with that comes the juvenile stuff like and a whole raft of ad hominem argument which is just tiresome.
It's hard to wade through all of it to find reasonable information.
@_date: 2017-08-22 04:16:51
Mining at a loss just means using energy poorly and stupidly.  You aren't really helping the network, you're just artificially keeping the difficulty level high so that mining by responsible people is less profitable and more energy has to be used than should be.
@_date: 2017-08-30 15:11:05
Is Charlie out of jail yet?
@_date: 2017-07-17 17:31:44
One group thinks it's "the real bitcoin".
They think people are stupid pooh-bears, and are trying to warn them that the New York Agreement compromise signed by the miners and bitcoin businesses will not be "the real bitcoin" and will be bad for pooh-bear (us stupid users).
The reasons they give then list a litany of complaints about the other side:
1) That they say there should be more implementations of bitcoin (not just Bitcoin Core) to make the network more robust [true, some of the Segwit2x group say this.  So do others.]
2) That Bitmain (a mining equipment manufacturer and cloud mining operation) has paid for alternate implementations in support of  [true, or at least they have contributed to implementations in Rust and Node.js]
3) That the alternate implementations have only one developer [false, but this is a reference to the btc1 client to implement Segwit2x, where long-time bitcoin developer Jeff Garzik is the public face of the effort]
4) That this will force a hard fork in three months [true only for Segwit2x, where the hard fork will be to double the block size 3 months after Segwit activation]
5a) That the reasons are Reddit censorship [false, but that group does have a legitimate complaint about censorship of alternative views on this and other forums]  and 
5b) high fees when they spam [false.  Everyone has been upset by the fee increases and there is some evidence for large consolidating transactions - "spam" - perhaps contributing, though we've also seen explosive growth in users, legalization in Japan, etc. High fees argue both for Segwit and block size increases so it's not clear who (if anyone) is spamming].   
We control the "real bitcoin", and stupid users shouldn't go with other people proposing compromises/alternate solutions that we don't like.
@_date: 2017-07-19 20:18:38
The alternative view is that it would be foolish to allow off-chain scaling without also building in on-chain scaling, so that users and entrepreneurs have a choice.   
Yes, certain special interests will gain by monetizing side-chains and trying to drive/force users onto them by limiting on-chain capacity.  That's an effort that likely leads to the corporate privatization of bitcoin in the long run.  It's also a fundamental assault on the miners.
So it's safer for the overall bitcoin user to keep options open, and it allows for miner support if we do so.  
@_date: 2017-07-20 15:10:45
I'm not sure who the "you" is.  I'm just a relatively new bitcoiner with an academic background.  I'm not some spokesperson for The Grand Conspiracy people want to believe in.
@_date: 2017-07-17 18:32:19
Right now there's a very small number of gatekeepers.  How many people have commit privileges on Core?  It's not clear this will change much, though I get what you're saying.
Of course it's pretty easy for Core to merge the 2x code, and that would solve the problem.  Then btc1 would just be a nice, consensus-compliant alternate client.
@_date: 2017-07-20 14:44:43
No, Segwit is not a scaling solution.   It primarily enables companies and others to set up bitcoin side chains with less safety/security but different features.   The hope/intent is that many/most transactions will move to the side chains and not use the main chain.   Sort of like what happens in exchanges, but more decentralized.  
That sort of side-chain "scaling", if it happens, takes money away from the miners.   If it happens a lot, that is fatal to the miners' business model and will reduce mining / security on the main chain.  Lots of other people, like side chain developers, stand to make a lot of money, though.  
@_date: 2017-07-19 20:20:36
The Rube Goldberg activation mechanism originated with BIP148/UASF.   
@_date: 2017-07-20 14:56:18
If you're going to abandon bitcoin just because it's got 2MB blocks instead of 1MB blocks then you're a fool.  It's just an arbitrary parameter, and even Core developers here and on bitcointalk have said it's likely a block size increase will be necessary at some point.
It would make more sense to abandon bitcoin over Segwit, which fundamentally alters the economics and incentive structure.
@_date: 2017-07-19 20:36:06
In a word, no.
The bigger risk for them would be for bitcoin to remain with no viable on-chain scaling in place before the next halving.  
Segwit/sidechains without on-chain scaling is a direct and potentially fatal attack on the miners' business model.
@_date: 2017-07-17 18:44:23
If it were just a fear of hard forks, then Extension Blocks would have worked as an ideal solution.
The real issue is that unless Core opts to merge the 2x code, the miners and most of the meaningful nodes will shift to btc1 or other 2x compatible clients.  The loss of control over bitcoin is really freaking out some Core devs.  
@_date: 2017-07-17 17:12:20
Segwit does not lower fees.  Segwit if used will provide some bump in number of transactions, which should temporarily lower fees.
Segwit2x provides a clear increase in number of transactions, plus the bump from Segwit (if used), which should lower fees for a bit longer.
Since neither are true on-chain scaling solutions, the fee reduction will be temporary.  One side of the debate (Core/Segwit Only) sees the future as being very high-fee transactions to exclude average people and make bitcoin a settlement layer between specialty side chains (sort of like ACH between banks).  The other side of the debate (BU/Emergent Consensus/Segwit2x) sees the future as keeping on-chain fees reasonable through higher volume.  
@_date: 2017-07-17 18:19:50
Why in the world not?
Because we want to behave like Congress and prefer to shut down the government rather that agree to a totally reasonable compromise?
Does Segwit with a bit more room for transactions (which we know we'll need eventually) really matter enough to screw every bitcoin user in the world in order to get our own way?
@_date: 2017-07-17 22:30:49
There's no evidence that node count will decrease dramatically, and as you point out slow nodes with limited storage/bandwidth are actually a risk to the system.  Security is improved by having well distributed nodes on reasonably modern equipment.   Even at 8MB blocks, my inexpensive home equipment could run a full node for more than a decade.
@_date: 2017-07-17 17:37:40
It would be pretty stupid to have a chain split on bitcoin, but then there are a lot of egos involved.  If people can't accept a compromise like Segwit2x, that's a sign testosterone and egos have taken over. 
 Instead of adding both a nice workshop and a bigger kitchen to make everyone happy, some developers would rather burn the house down or chainsaw the house in two.   
The "divorce" will look like many a nasty divorce, and leave everyone poorer.
@_date: 2017-07-20 15:00:24
That's a claim.  Claims require evidence and reasoning.  I've yet to hear any that made any sense.
The most common citation seems to be an early 2015 study that did a hand-waving analysis to conclude that bigger blocks would lead to nodes just packing it in.   The study was based on 2014 costs and equipment sizes.  It actually predicted substantial losses of nodes even at a 1MB block size, so it was empirically falsified.
If anything over 1MB was "dangerous", then we should all be opposing Segwit with its potentially more than 1MB witness blocks.
@_date: 2017-07-19 20:55:30
Everyone signaling BIP91 is signaling for Segwit2x.  BIP91 is the activation mechanism for Segwit2x.
UASF will also proceed on schedule on the subset of nodes that are running the UASF code, but as long as BIP91 locks in first that should have no effect and there will be no chain split.
If BIP91 for some reason does not activate over the 5 sampling periods between now and August 1 (currently less than 5% chance of that happening), then UASF will activate solo on the UASF nodes.   Those nodes will stop accepting non-segwit blocks and they will fork away from the main chain.
The bigger question in that case is whether any miners at all choose to mine on that fork.  If enough do, that may trigger the UAHF "hard" chain split with BitcoinABC, or some other permutations.  Those are all whacky low-probability events.  
@_date: 2017-07-17 18:06:53
Because it's important to only have people who think exactly like us in our club.
@_date: 2017-07-20 14:47:08
In the end the consequences of not proceeding with on-chain scaling is to force end users onto side chains.   The economics of that over time will force the consolidation of side chains and effectively the takeover of bitcoin by whoever owns/runs the side chains.  If I were a big bank, I'd definitely buy one out.  
@_date: 2017-07-17 22:22:28
Then you've created an altcoin with a bunch of hobbyist miners and guys in their basement.   You haven't done anything to improve the world by disrupting modern oligarchic finance.  
That's fine if that's your hobby, but why not just start another altcoin?  Then you can be like Luke, and have 10KB blocksizes because the liquidity will be so low.
@_date: 2017-07-19 21:05:26
There's a difference between "unable" and choosing not to.
Miners were able to activate Segwit by itself under BIP141.  They chose not to.  Miners were able to move to bigger blocks as well.  They chose not to.
Miners aren't anyone's employees.  They are businessmen engaged in providing a service in exchange for a fee and a block reward.  
Most of the tens of millions of bitcoin users could care less about whether we have 1MB or 2MB blocks.  They just care about getting a secure, effective service.
@_date: 2017-07-17 22:43:28
There's nothing at all wrong with being a "hobbyist".  I'm one.  It's just that hobbyists aren't going to change the world.   
Your CPU can perhaps help secure a small network of enthusiasts, but not a worldwide currency that has a real impact on people and organizations.
"Bitcoin" is going to be what the end users say it is, and they're going to follow the economic nodes, not those of us running boxes in our basement.
@_date: 2017-07-17 17:48:56
BIP148 is more overt "forcing" than Segwit2x, of course.
If Apple keeps upgrading IOS so that the new version no longer works on my original Apple iPhone 1, then you could say I'm being "forced" to upgrade if I want to stay with the majority of connected people and exchange information with them using the modern tools.
No difference here.  At some point to move forward, you have to upgrade if you want to run a node that is supporting the international future of money.  
@_date: 2017-07-19 20:13:34
Unfortunately Luke's poll required relinquishing significant data on your personal Coinbase account, so I expect that everyone who bothered to pay attention exited without participating.  I certainly did.
Regardless, the nature of a compromise solution is to, you know, compromise.  
@_date: 2017-07-20 18:25:24
OK, I'm willing to listen.  Can you explain what concept you think I don't understand so that I may develop a better understanding of it?
@_date: 2017-07-17 17:58:27
Because adding capacity on the worldwide future of money must be "an attack on Bitcoin"?
The responsible, rational thing to do is to rejoice in the compromise resulting in the activation of Segwit, merge the 2x HF code into Core as a "meh" a-bit-too-soon-but-who-cares necessary evil to achieve the compromise, and then move forward.
It's not an "attack", it's a statement by a part of the community that they need this.  So give it to them and move on.
@_date: 2017-07-19 20:46:26
I'm not sure why there's this strange belief that miners and others who signed on to the compromise agreement were somehow deliberately lying and are going to "manually" do something different.
They were adults in a room.  Expect them to behave like adults, and stick with the agreement they signed.
@_date: 2017-07-17 22:14:26


That's empirically false since there are a number of bcoin nodes running on mainnet, supporting moderately high-use applications like Purse.io.  It is clearly doable with alternative implementations.  AFAIK, the Rust implementation is also up on testnet.
This is software.  You write a standard/specification and then you write and test code to meet the spec.  You never want the code itself to be the standard, because at very least compilers drift over time and languages fall out of use. 
@_date: 2017-07-17 17:43:53
This is nonsensical.
In the real world, we have all kinds of examples of IEEE standards being set where there are multiple implementations in different code and hardware.   You know, like THE INTERNET and internet routers.
Do you think that having different routers and different software implementations on the network make THE INTERNET more fragile?
A couple of months ago, one bug was exploited to take down almost all the Bitcoin Unlimited Nodes.   That bug had been present in Bitcoin Core as well not long before.  Monolithic/monocultures of software is the Microsoft model, not the decentralized model.
@_date: 2017-07-19 20:44:12
That's true, but what use is it for the user to stay on a dead-end chain with 5-hour confirmation times and nowhere to spend or trade your private-chain bitcoin?
Node operators can run whatever software they want, but if their chain isn't considered valid by the exchange or store or user they want to transact with, that's sort of pointless.
@_date: 2017-07-17 22:26:12
I'm not sure it's great to have any central person or group "in charge of development".   Developers should work their own code.  Standards/specifications should be set by the community.
@_date: 2017-07-19 20:30:00
I'll buy.   The problem will be that it may take days for your BTC Classic coin transaction to clear. ;-)
@_date: 2017-06-26 16:05:05
See the chart at  .
To get 0% fees or to get paid fees for market-making you need to be doing very high volumes greater than 2,000 BTC at least.
@_date: 2017-07-17 17:53:05
It's always reassuring when one person or small group claims to have exclusive title on "what bitcoin means for the world".
Somehow, I think the world has a say in what bitcoin means for it.
@_date: 2017-07-17 22:35:51
Except that BIP148 has nowhere near a majority of the miners.  It might not have any.   So all it creates is a chain split risk with lost transactions and attacks.  It's not a reasonable choice.
Which leaves us with 2x, where a supermajority of the miners and at least a sizable fraction of those running real high-capacity nodes are in agreement.  It's a workable compromise.  Adopt it and move on to do better things.  This argument in the community has long since run its course.
@_date: 2017-06-29 05:31:42
I'm relatively new to the community, so I don't fall into the automatic miner- or (Core) developer- camps.  I find wailing and gnashing mostly nonsensical.
Yes, the network is large and complex, but it is an error of logic to assume that taking lots of time is the best way to ensure successful propagation in a large and complex network.  With so many players, individuals and groups can be easily distracted and become disconnected from a long, drawn-out process.   Shorter timeframes perhaps ironically yield better compliance.  Give people 10 years of warnings about a Y2K bug and nothing will happen.  Give them 9 months of focused warnings and stuff gets fixed.  
Right now, the bitcoin community is focused on the problem and as engaged and well informed as they are ever likely to be.  Aside from a few folks tripping over egos, I think the HF will proceed with a minimum of difficulty.  
Yes, if people are exceptionally juvenile there's the possibility of a contentious hard fork.  It's not impossible, given the bizarre pushing of BIP148 which risked far more contentious nonsense.  However, it runs counter to sense and decency, and I tend to give credit to most people having good sense and decency... at least after a few days of reflection.
@_date: 2017-06-26 22:16:57
Yes, I can confirm receiving this reply now from Gemini.  I tried a new transfer and it seems to have been pre-credited, however a couple of former transfers are still in limbo.
I wish companies were more forthcoming about the issues.  Unknowns cause worry and sometimes anger, known issues that are well explained lead to sympathy and support.   Gemini would get more of the latter if it were pro-active in explaining the nature of the "temporary lapse" and informed people of what to expect by way of resolution and timeline.
@_date: 2017-06-29 05:07:22
None of those amount to economic interest, of course.  Their persuasiveness is largely limited to ego - the feeling that one's own ideas must be right, and should be pursued in a mindless scorched-earth manner even absent any incentive to do so.
With regard to the specific points:
1.  I agree with them with respect to BIP148.   It's a dangerous and stupid approach.  Whether a 3-month HF turns out to be too fast is an empirical question that it looks like we'll be testing, but I'm relatively sanguine about it.  There's nowhere near the complexity of Segwit involved.
2.  The issue isn't "scientific reason" based on transaction count.  You are of course correct on that score.  The issue is rather scientific/economic reason based on providing the market with an on-chain scaling bump in parallel with an off-chain one.  Users should not be forced onto proprietary side chains.  The market should decide the more viable approach, and we should maintain an alternative to the privatization of bitcoin.
3.  Folks don't seem to realize that the miners in some ways are speaking for many of us end-users who are not miners.  They represent a broader community, just as the developers do.  This is the community trying to balance narrow coding expertise with broader expertise with respect to markets, economics, incentives, game-theoretic considerations, business models, security and other things.  
Ultimately, individual developers will make their own choices with respect to their own time, as they should.    Some will go do other things; new developers will take their place.  That's the nature of open source communities.
4.  Individual node operators can choose to POW fork, completing the creation of yet another shitcoin.  I think it would be short-lived.  Even if the miners didn't attack it with miscellaneous old GPU hardware they've had laying around in boxes, it's not likely to gain much traction.
@_date: 2017-06-26 16:08:54
Gemini is fully regulatory compliant in the U.S. and New York.  Thank the U.S. government and the great state of New York.
This is going to be increasingly the case worldwide, as governments use the boogeyman of "terrorism" to justify aggressive anti-money-laundering and know-your-customer (AML/KYC) regulations on anyone doing business in their jurisdictions.    The question is just whether we can move people to an all-crypto economy fast enough...
@_date: 2017-06-29 18:41:27
You need to read the paper carefully and look at the actual distribution of bitcoin nodes.
Much as mining pools have consolidated and mining equipment manufacturers have consolidated through ordinary economic effects, the internet has consolidated along major fiber backbones and service providers.   Amazon Web Services (AWS) now hosts quite a large fraction of traffic, for example.  
I agree that at present this sort of attack is unlikely, and it falls into the "major state actor" threat group, but it also points out the risks to the bitcoin network from having nodes and mines not uniformly distributed.   State actors like North Korea, Russian, the U.S./NSA and 5-eyes countries certainly have been engaged in development in this area.
@_date: 2017-06-26 16:32:37
Egad.  Don't run a node on your phone.  It's not particularly healthy for the network and your data costs are going to be crazy.
I personally think BIP148 is insanely irresponsible and a vote for a different sort of centralization in a small group of developers, but if you want to support it as an end user the best way is to lend hashpower to mining pools that are signaling for it, or patronizing economic nodes that support it.
@_date: 2017-07-17 18:12:22
The high probability path at the moment is the left-most main path.  Segwit2x has seen over 90% miner signaling, so all of the August 1st shenanigans aren't likely to go anywhere.
The final HF split on that path then poses a small risk, but by that point miner support will be near-universal and most bitcoin businesses will be running 2x so as not to compromise their business.    It seems likely, however, that someone will mine a 1x block and that there will still be some ideological 1x nodes out there, so that will result in a new minority altcoin.
After that, expect the price to head moonward on the main 2x chain.
@_date: 2017-06-29 18:25:27
It's a neutral thing.  There's nothing inherently wrong with larger blocks offering a choice to end users between on-chain and side-chain inexpensive transactions.
Hard forks have a risk only if people are contentious assholes, but UASF/BIP 148 runs the same sort of risks.   
@_date: 2017-07-17 18:21:32
No, the developers will still be here.  They can merge 2x code in quite easily as the community moves forward.
People will just have a choice about which node client to run, instead of not having a choice.  
Choice is good.
@_date: 2017-06-26 21:25:55
I'm wondering what you hope to accomplish?
There's no viable cause of action for poor customer support.  You should recognize that you aren't going to get great customer service from any business that has recently (much) more than doubled in size in a few months.
Trying to argue that an exchange is or should be a fiduciary is surpassingly odd.  It is fundamentally an attack on all of us in the cryptocurrency community who support freedom for intelligent people who don't need to be nannied.
If you want a well-regulated managed garden, perhaps you should consider Charles Schwab and ETF trading in fiat currencies.  
@_date: 2017-06-26 16:43:20
That's essentially correct.
Larger blocks allows for on-chain scaling.  Smaller blocks with a discount for multi-sig pushes transactions onto side chains.   
If you're a miner, you want on-chain scaling for profit  If you're a developer building side-chains for profit, you want transactions pushed onto side chains.
All of us regular users should want competition, not a monopoly created by the protocol.   So the best for the end user is to have true on-chain scaling competing with side chains that offer additional features.   
Nobody's transaction should be a shit transaction.  Only bankers think that way about their poor retail customers.
@_date: 2017-06-26 21:35:50
What the article misses is that the actual attack vector on the rupee in this case would be USD arbitrage through the traditional currency markets.
This is ordinary and it goes on all the time in the international carry trade, and for all kinds of goods and services.  You'd need a lot more than $50 billion to impact an economy the size of India's.
U.S. arbitragers buying bitcoin in the U.S. and selling in India would cause the price of bitcoin in the U.S. to rise, the price of bitcoin in India to fall, and the price of the USD/INR currency pair to adjust accordingly.  That would have some economic impacts, but it would all be fairly orderly.
@_date: 2017-06-26 15:37:08
Every player in the economic system is working toward personal advantage, and that should be expected.
The miners are working toward on-chain scaling, because that gives them the largest market.  It's not the same thing as "centralization", however, though there are admittedly some long-term risks.
The Core developers are pushing toward off-chain scaling, because that takes business from the miners and serves their own economic interest in building off-chain solutions.  That will lead to the same sort of consolidation as it has in mining.  That's not the same thing as "centralization" either, though there are some long-term risks here as well.
The closest thing we have to "centralization" is the large majority reliance on one brand of node software.  The extent to which people implement alternatives reduces that centralization and risk.
@_date: 2017-06-26 21:05:23
It means abandoning all miners.  The impact on mining operations doesn't change based on your nationality.
The logical way to move forward together is by enabling both Segwit/Lightning and a true on-chain scaling solution.  Let the end users and the market decide, rather than a few mining pool operators or developers each with their own conflicts of interest.  
@_date: 2017-06-29 05:13:56
btc1 is just Core with a 2MB block size, so I'm not sure it's something worth getting testosterone poisoning over.  I think people will mostly be mature about it in the end.  In communities, we sometimes compromise (unless we're the U.S. Congress...)
I don't see a fork to 2MB blocks splitting the community.  It's just a parameter change on a parameter that should never have been hard-coded in the first place.  The notion of having two coins, one with Segwit and 1MB blocks and one with Segwit and 2MB blocks is just manifestly silly. 
@_date: 2017-06-26 15:58:43
I've had a generally good experience with Gemini.  Low fees, reasonable executions though they tend to run just a bit above the international market.   None of the problems with delays or downtime that seem to plague Coinbase, Poloniex and others.
Yes, Gemini is fully regulatory compliant in the U.S. and New York.  That means that you have to present ID the same way you would in opening a bank or equities exchange account in the U.S.  That's a downside, but it also means that they're committed enough to go through all that regulatory hoop-jumping so they're not going to be a fly-by-night or fly-by-the-seat-of-their-pants operation.
@_date: 2017-06-26 15:16:12
I don't believe they see it this way at all.  
The situation within the community is that we have 
We have one set of participants (major miners) who aren't necessarily opposed to Segwit as a malleability fix but who are unwilling to entertain exclusively off-chain scaling because it poses a threat to their economic interest.
We also have a set of node developers (Core) heavily personally and emotionally invested in Segwit, and unwilling to entertain on-chain scaling because it poses a threat to their economic interest in side-chain implementations.
So there are two significant groups with strong personal and economic interest in either enabling or preventing on-chain scaling.  The economic interest of the rest of us in the community is to avoid contentious forks while implementing an end-user, market-friendly scaling solution.  As such, we should be acting as the moderators in the room, rather than supporting one or the other "sides" in the dispute.
The 2017 New York consensus has major economic nodes trying to play that moderator role, by moving Segwit plus a step toward on-chain scaling.   I think there's every reason to believe the commitment is genuine, and the btc1 code with the hard fork will be implemented by nearly the entire mining community and almost all of the economically significant nodes.  Individual idealogues might not (there's always somone...) but they will be left behind.  
Functionally, this is a "win" for the developers who will benefit economically from off-chain scaling.  2MB blocks are only a temporary patch, not true on-chain scaling.  I believe Segwit2x also maintains the subsidy for multi-sig, effectively making on-chain bitcoin users pay more than their share.  The developers who benefit economically from off-chain solutions should be happy with this result, and continued obstruction is not particularly rational or community minded on their part. Their commitment is therefore likely to be soft as a group.
The miners, by contrast, only get a delay in the economic threat to their business and are relying on the goodwill commitment to further on-chain development.  Segwit2x isn't a good bargain for them; I'm frankly surprised they agreed to it.  Their commitment to the 2MB hard fork at a minimum is rational, and therefore likely to be very firm.
For the rest of us, our interest is in seeing moves toward scaling solutions that limit risks to the chain and that continue to afford us economic freedom.  Being reliant on either on-chain or off-chain scaling limits our freedom and makes us reliant on one of the economically interested groups above.  Our rational play is to support both to ensure our own freedom, and to work first to avoid chain splits and second for decentralization in both mining and node software. 
@_date: 2017-06-29 18:32:25
You should read more broadly.  It is a deep, fundamental change to the economics and incentive structure of bitcoin.  That shouldn't be approached lightly nor on purely technical grounds.
BIP148 is an attempt to hijack the consensus mechanism in a manner that is quite dangerous, and could hurt many individuals as well as the network.  That's why even Core does not support it.
@_date: 2017-06-29 20:31:33
The miners certainly have their own motivations; Segwit/sidechains is pretty much a direct assault on their business model.  Blockstream and related businesses &amp; developers have their motivations; not implementing Segwit is pretty much a direct assault on their business model.  Core developers have their motivations; people shifting to btc1 or BU or other software takes them out of their privileged position.
Those are the special interests, but they're also all valued members of the community and important parts of the ecosystem.  It's hard to imagine bitcoin moving forward well if any of them "win" by forcing out the others.
I'm with you as an end-user; adoption requires scaling and low transaction fees.  My preference I think is for true on-chain scaling coupled with allowing off-chain scaling, then letting the market decide, but like all of us I'm still puzzling it out.
I'm not fond of bullying attempts like UASF/BIP148, though, or the even worse Bitmain UAHF nonsense.  This is an area where calmer heads should prevail.
@_date: 2017-06-29 18:56:01
I have to confess the author of this piece made a tiny bit more sense out of Bitmain's UAHF announcement than I did, but only a tiny bit.  It really seemed unintelligible.  Perhaps someone with a working knowledge of Mandarin could attempt a better translation.
It's largely moot at this point, since things seem to be steaming along for an effective SegWit2x implementation that subsumes BIP148.  That's good, because this UAHF thing has all the makings of a complete clusterf*** .
@_date: 2017-06-29 04:39:43
It's important to understand that there's a difference between being licensed as a money transmitter and being a fiduciary.   Exchanges are not fiduciaries.  They have no obligation to determine whether you are qualified to invest, or whether the investments are suitable to your needs and present financial condition.  
I get that the fellow is upset that his account seems to be "frozen" for some reason, but he's also legally clueless.  Nuisance suits by the clueless only hurt the whole community.  They also suggest that the cluelessness might extend to other areas, including how to "unfreeze" his account.
@_date: 2017-06-29 06:13:12
We're getting into a Gish Gallop of sorts, I fear.
Suffice to say that there are other rational views, even among folks with no connection to miners and no vested interest in Core developers.   
Confronted with that knowledge, one faces a version of the Win All You Can variant on Prisoner's Dilemma.  Does one compromise, knowing that in the long run this leads to the best individual and community outcomes, or does one insist on being right/going it alone?
Segwit2x seems an adequate compromise.  
@_date: 2017-06-26 16:16:15
No.  I think we're seeing a normal cyclical effect in the market resulting from bitcoin price going up very quickly.  Coupled with the uncertainty caused by UASF / BIP148 for the next month, expect major smart-money to stay on the sidelines, leading to further pull-backs.  Markets hate uncertainty.
@_date: 2017-06-26 16:48:51
Yep, I've been seeing the same thing since late last week.
Sent support a note and got a generic BS answer after 2 days.  Replied to that and so far no response.
Changes in terms of service without warning or explanation usually means there's something deeply wrong with the business behind the scenes.   Hard to tell whether someone is attacking them by doing what  suggests below, or whether they've found volatility and volume are too high right now compared to their liquidity.     
Too bad, I actually liked Gemini.
@_date: 2017-06-26 16:27:18
I'll comment against the trend and say "no". 
Big/smart money is going to stay out because of the uncertainty created by UASF/BIP148.  They also are likely to "take profits" prior to the end of the 2nd quarter on June 30.
U.S. and Canadians are going off on holiday in the coming week, so the pool of retail buyers will be smaller.
The pump and dump whales have used the last few U.S. holidays to drive prices down, coupled with DDOS attacks on major exchanges.  No reason they won't try again.
The market is too hot.  It needs to shake out weak players.
Expect support to hold around $1700, with not much growth through the first half of July at least.   Then growth resuming in late July &amp; August if Segwit2x comes off without any major hitches, perhaps becoming explosive as people come off August vacations.
Of course, I could be completely full of s**t.  You get the quality of advice that you pay for &lt;g&gt;.
@_date: 2017-06-26 20:52:49


Exactly.  The economics of side-chains strongly suggests only a few will become major players.   Facebook and LinkedIn.   Amazon and Alibaba.   Microsoft, Apple, and Linux.   A few will have more features, be better capitalized, attract more users.  They will "succeed brilliantly".  The others will be squeezed out.   
That's not conjecture, that's the fundamental operation of markets.  
So in the end we'll have the Blockstream/Chase sidechain and the Deutchbank sidechain and a few smaller operators, joined by the bitcoin interchain exchange network with high enough fees to keep the average human out.  
None of that has anything to do with the technical engineering merits of any proposal (though hard-coding a block size limit in a system that has to scale is just idiotic IMNSHO).  Bitcoin is successful not (just) because of code, but because of proper use of game theory, and economic theory, and incentive structures.  It's important to value the expertise of all of the members of the community,  rather than yield uncritically to a small group of developers who are maintaining one optional platform.
@_date: 2017-06-29 19:30:11
Talked to a head tech at our university.  He had about 60 bitcoins from five or six years ago... on a computer and hard drive that he disposed of without even thinking about it back then.  At least you got to spend yours!
Stories like that and  's tale make you wonder how many of the 21M bitcoins have been permanently lost.
@_date: 2017-06-26 22:04:02
I think you should re-examine your assumptions with respect to probability.
1) There is no reason to believe that "this is the expected outcome".   The expected outcome should be that the participants in NYA stick to the agreement, because it is in their own economic and social self-interest to do so.  With 84% of miners currently signaling, expect almost all of the remaining miners to follow.
2) With near universal miner participation, expect almost all of the significant economic nodes to make the change in the intervening months.  Again, that's where economic self-interest would lead them.   Indeed, with Segwit implemented there's no particular economic interest for the Core team to oppose 2MB blocks, other than ego.  
So my money is actually on a successful hard fork without really splitting the community.
There will no doubt be a few stragglers and ideologues, so one can imagine a second chain as a miner mines an old block which is accepted by ideological "no frankensegwit" nodes.   
Block time on such a chain would rise to hours, and the chain would be effectively unusable, which should lead stragglers to switch.  Spare mining power from the consensus group could also 51% this chain, zeroing all segwit transactions from every block.   Either way, this chain is likely to be short-lived and may never be picked up by any exchanges, so will die nameless.  Maybe we end up with a small "Bitcoin Classic".
Just offering an alternative to the group-think. ;-)
Nobody wants two bitcoins both with Segwit, which is yet another reason that's not a viable outcome.  Developers are portable; the major bitcoin chain will always attract good developer support, and dead-end chains will lose developers to the main chain or to Litecoin if they're too emotionally invested in one outcome.