@_author: vvww88
@_date: 2017-12-23 16:07:54
great post -- thank you. some basic questions here-- it's not clear to me how exactly bitcoin will 
maintain its status as a 'decentralized, anonymous, censorship resistant, p2p network' in 
the face of these challenges, and which, if any, compromises will have to be made (especially in light of the recent growth of users and market cap) .
- maintain decentralization (esp. miners, nodes)when natural tendency for industries/businesses is to consolidate over time (see current pressure from BCH). 
- maintain p2p status (ie a distributed ledger based system v. a centralized system) and successfully compete on pricing and usability/convenience with the likes 
of MasterCard , paypal, etc
- maintain censorship resistance and anonymity relative to tax-authorities, intel and LE agencies (especially with increasing adoption levels)
- maintain a workable governance structure with so many factions from and from opposing ends of the political/philosophical spectrum (cypherpunks, libertarians, financial establishment, ....)
- compete with the financial establishment (eg MasterCard/VISA for cheap, reliable transactions; ETFs for store-of-value properties, ... ) while several key BTC 
initiatives/projects are funded, at least in part, by those  very firms (such as MasterCard), and while several key stakeholders and decision makers maintain deep (and quite possibly necessary) ties to the financial establishment.
Are there links to archived discussions anywhere that provide answers and/or clarifications on any misconceptions above?-- this must have been discussed before.
@_date: 2017-12-08 15:17:56
thank you. greatpoint. could you share a site(s) that is less dominated by one geography/country (especially if it's in English language)? 
@_date: 2017-12-23 18:50:39
Go-Li -- Thank you.
@_date: 2017-12-23 18:07:43
guys, postings about the daily price increase get 100's of posts, and not one reference/link (so far) to some of the most basic and fundamental questions???  someone pls help a new-comer (newbee) out here ............  
@_date: 2017-12-23 18:26:10
ok, forget about intel monitoring. that's probably the least important aspect. 
do you have an answer on the other points. if so, pls spend a minute to link me/others in -- many people could potentially learn from this, which might lead to better decision making and long-term survival of this movement.
if not, and if you committed some real savings to this technology you're either hoping&amp; praying, or you're selling the next time we have a dip without a quick recovery. 
bottom line -- i am asking for basic guidance here. this is not an attempt to spoil a party or engage in long winded back and forths.
@_date: 2017-12-28 14:24:19
thank you for providing the additional context.  
Not sure if it's a good approach for people to try to leverage their new found fame - achieved by promoting bitcoin - to further some very specific and narrow political goal they might have. Especially if there's a plausible connection to funds solicited to educate people on bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-12-27 23:44:17
for newbees ( i am one of them):
- the hashpower ratios you provided above are time-weighted averages? could you provide a link or keyword on where you pulled the data? 
about the very basics:
- the hash difficulty (in terms of time and energy expenditures) is independent of block-size (2MB, 8MB, etc), and (mostly) driven by the current 'level of difficulty' (ie leading zeros). difficulty is approx. adjusted every two weeks for BTC. More frequently for BTH, and based on ____ (blank?)??
- to maximize profits miners ( irrespective of political or other strategic goals) will mine the chain (BTC or BTH) where the current difficulty level relative to the reward (coins+fees) is optimized?
- if this ratio (optimized expense-to-reward) is pivoting back and forth, between BTC and BCH, why do pools still mine BCH when the reward is off? purely for political reason and as long-term hedge to reduce dependence on  BTC?
would it be possible to clarify by correcting the inaccuracies/misunderstandings in paragraphs above? 
thanks much if anybody would get to this. 
@_date: 2017-12-23 17:56:04
buddy, it would help to get some information out there that convinces  folks to deploy their savings and stay in this space for reasons other than continually increasing market cap. If 90% of postings are about celebrating the price rally and about the same old amorphous talking points, then the how's &amp; why's &amp; when's arent understood -- then this party might be over sooner than you think.
@_date: 2017-12-12 14:51:20
not neccesarily a binary outcome here. 
bitcoin could become a currency (with store of value and and transactional properties) ALONG with many other currecncies. 
what's your sense of possible (or probable) RANGES of scenario:
--from bitcoin folding all the way to bitcoin triggering substantial political changes, and maybe with higher probabilities, scenarios that are 'in between', such as, increasing bitcoin adoption for its 'store-of-value' properties (that will likely be uncorrelated with other major asset classes), 'bitcoin adoption for micropayments', potential 2nd layer solutions 'bitcoin smart contracts' , ...... 
@_date: 2017-11-26 03:11:52
nice video -- simple, clean and concise. 
is the 1%/day a realistic goal for you?  yes, that would be 37x/year. and if you'd manage a 1.5% return it'd be about 85x with the compounding effect (and assuming only 300 trading days).
=(1+0.015)^300. 
@_date: 2017-11-16 23:45:16
... could someone possibly direct to an answer on the following basic (newbee) questions:
-&gt; with fully operational off-chain capability the (bitcoin) system will generate the financial incentives in the form of substantial (ie high) fees for miners after the 21m coin limit has been reached? the off-chain capabilities (eg LN) will be able to accommodate the exponential transaction volume that we'll (likely) see over the next years. 
-&gt; transaction on LN are less resource intensive to verify/process, therefore much lower fees will be charged. Are LN transactions expected to have a comparable level of security relative to the those on underlying chain- ie is there a cost vs risk trade-off?
-&gt; how will/can BTC counteract miner consolidation--a natural tendency seen in all businesses and industries
-&gt;  what is the downside (trade-off) of lowering the Miner difficulty level? Obviously transaction volume would be UP and cost DOWN. Is it the probability of creating (temporary) split chains (ie forks), until timing related differences among the verification by nodes have been resolved?
@_date: 2017-11-19 19:51:47
Thank you very much. Really appreciate your education -- especially given how 'busy' you most likely are these days......
@_date: 2017-11-14 19:47:29
very interesting post. what tools, mechanisms can (the other) BTC 
stakeholders deploy to counter the trend towards mining centralization, and what's your estimate on success probability (over, say, next 5yrs)? 
twitter John McAfee‏ Nov 12 
BCH vs BTC: Everyone's anger over centralization is telling about the naivete of developers. Mining is a business. It was designed to be so. And here is the flaw: Businesses conglomerate and centralize. Always. Business 101.