@_author: vxbrown
@_date: 2015-10-05 16:35:12
Is personal twins btc going to play into the liquidity of the exchange?  Why would any miners bring coin here with that rate?  Visual benefits also make no difference to trading bots.  All traders have much better pricing options.
@_date: 2015-10-08 15:23:21
Thats the true bitcoin spirit, speak in bold generalities that apply themselves to the entire society/economy
@_date: 2013-04-11 06:42:02
Why is the exchanges we use not built p2p on open stack to scale, and finally opensource with a git script to install and develop for closer tie ins to the myraids of currency exchange platforms already out there.  Have to share the infrastructure as well as thevnews that bitcoin is whats next. If not it will be the CC that gives it all away that goes mainstream
@_date: 2013-04-11 09:01:12
buy a cheap magglass
+bitcointip $.25 verify
@_date: 2013-03-07 01:17:30
We have the chance now, soon(er?) see a paradigm shift in the monetary systems of the world.  I have know this ever since finding out about the alternative currency option of Bitcoin. 
This fact cannot be disputed, the science of economies and the vast manipulation in the monetary systems, made so apparent during the last 5-6 years has globally opened millions/billions of peoples eyes to a small fraction of the issues.  The most recent spotlight globally, was the presidential debates, which brought up the problem of currency manipulation between governments, specifically, China/USA,  the two largest economies of the world.  
As long as the issues persists, which are inherent in a fiat, inflationary banking system, the media will keep these serious issues and consequences visible to the world, hence people searching for an alternative.  Regular people outside of policy making and power circles who see the many different worlds currencies as much more than convenient ways to conduct exchanges, but as their security and even their life when life saving medicine can be purchased.  Time equals money figuratively and more in today's technologically advanced environment.   
This solution that will cause a monetary revolution is available now.  A new money medium that doesn't require the inconvenience of gold, paper, or other physical holdings and has persisted despite no governments, banking, or corporations involvement or manipulation.  But it also offers anonymity and robustness on the same scale that the copyright wars are being won by the "pirates.", who am I to judge,  We live in the information age embrace it.
I care about this because the implications are limitless from a host of different perspectives.  There are of course many varied opinions about the all the issues but ultimately the stable value of such a global non centralized currency replacement is the key but my core reason for being excited about this is not the run up, but because it's the most artful solution to cleanup a system of greed that has caused heartache for the whole planet.  It simply put, transfers power back into the places were it should reside,  the consumers and users of the system, not the policy makers or hoarders, and eliminates the risks of ever being taken advantage of again.  
The whole world will be talking about this soon, and I intend to go back to college for an MBA because of it.  Cheers!
@_date: 2013-04-11 09:59:08
@_date: 2013-04-11 07:17:58
The reason I came on tonight was to state the need for this.  It had not even occured to me while combining the little bit of funds from my 2 wallets that the price movement was wild today.  Why should the basic infrastructure of bitcoin be based differently than the dynamically fashioned cryptocurrency itself.  The trading platform should be p2p, open stack, scalable open source based, git script installed for anyone to develop and input ideas for maximine transparency of what any iteration is doing to tie in to existing currency exchanges.   Open markets has to be the order from the top to the bottom or this concept is going to be limited in its potential.  Anybody who can't just jump into Bitcoin in 5 minutes with 5 dollars to make commerce happen anywhere anyplace will take the path of least resistance opting for cash or its equivalent.  Come on, we have to think open free, not evil, if we are going to give this concept the best chance to change a very fucked up financial system.  It deserves everybody understanding what money is, and thats abstract, a means to an end, make the system pay, we don't have too any more!