@_author: w92baj
@_date: 2015-04-03 23:58:55
I am not sure that is what is happening, certainly thats not what I get from OP.
If they do that then you as people should rise and object. That is what revolutions are for. But you dont.  
Most of you are brainwashed with the whole 'Freedom' thing and 'Greatest country in the world' when clearly you have much you can improve on.  
I am not American. I cant comment too much on US politics but things are pretty broken, I can see that and I dont think its all his fault. Not by a long way.
@_date: 2015-04-03 11:39:11
Imagine a country with no laws:  
* Person A commits act of terror with, say, a nailbomb.
* Gov't B creates a law that says 'If you detonate a nail bomb, that is a bad thing and we will lock you away for up to 50 years
* Person C makes a bomb. Doesn't put nails in it. Not a nailbomb so, logically, not a crime.
Now start again but imagine this time the law says 'If you create of use any explosive device you are a bad person and will be locked up for 50 years'.
Better, no? This will stop slimy lawyers using logic, language and technicalities to get bad people out of jail...
..until someone posts on a website 'Letting off those little paper wrap banger things can see you put in jail for 50 years!!!'
Technically yes that is what the law says but it is highly unlikely that will happen. Can you imagine the public backlash?
Laws are hard to write. They need to be specific enough that innocent people do not get trapped within it but general enough that its hard for people to get away with doing the thing the law is trying to prevent.  
Thats why laws look like they are written by autistic Elizabethans. Its not to keep it a secret that only lawyers can read, its to be generally specific and specifically general.
If the US Gov't can take your belongings because you donated money to Snowden then it is a worrying thing but in actuality if 62 yr old Marge Johnson from Buttrape, Idaho donated $10, it is exceedingly unlikely she will find herself in GitMo with nothing to her name.  
If your name is Mohammad BinLaden Al-Downwithamerica and you were donating $16million then maaaybe they could use that law to neuter potential Homeland security issues if that guy turned out to have links to terrorism.
@_date: 2015-04-04 17:09:53
So letting people do it with no punishment is a better option?