@_author: w_edwards_deming
@_date: 2014-04-27 17:42:03
I want to be able to buy them anonymously with cash. The ATM in this story only provides cash for bitcoins, not the other-way-round.
@_date: 2014-04-27 13:48:37
I need one to buy bitcoins from. How do you guys get started buying bitcoins?
@_date: 2014-01-05 10:29:03
The problem is those theories don't match the reality. Be it in a real state of anarchy (Somalia) or in a tribal culture the likes of which the majority of human history took place it, there is MORE hierarchy, not less. 


Utter nonsense. I defend my own property, family and community, and this is doubly true in a state of anarchy. Police are there to give out tickets and take people to jail, not to protect and serve. They punish after the fact, as opposed to preventing crimes. Lynch mobs were common in the wild west before the rule of law was established, and they cut the hands and feet off of thieves in Somalia today.
I am greatly interested in ethology, anthropology, archaeology and the like, are you?  History is full of slavery, conquest, human sacrifice, polygamy and nearly any other act of hierarchy you might like to find. "Primitive anarchism" doesn't match up with any of the facts, particularly not Marx's idea about agriculture being the root of civilization. Golbeki Tepe and the Tsodilo Hills Serpent Cave both demonstrate that RELIGION came first, then civilization, then agriculture. 
All of that said, I might also prefer a (realistic) return to the socio-economic past, something more in line with the [Distributism]( my Church recommends. 
p.s. I originally wrote a longer, more personal and nuanced reply, but it was accidentally deleted. Sorry of this one comes across as short... as it *is*, in comparison! 
@_date: 2014-01-04 21:46:35


I am pretty sure most people associate it with authoritarianism and tyranny at the hands of party elites, not "workers taking over the state" (when did *that* happen outside of a propaganda poster?) As far as state control of the means of production, that is part of most dictionary definitions, but in practice that is such a spectacularly bad idea nearly all socialist states start liberalizing. The "great leap forward" comes to mind (as does North Korea, which has largely failed to learn from such mistakes). 


This is a very curious concept which has nothing to do with socialism afaik. Maybe more like tribal collectivism or "possession is 9 tenths of the law." 
Usufruct is a new word for me, but learning about it immediately brought to mind The Tragedy of the Commons, bystander effect, and Diffusion of responsibility generally.
@_date: 2014-01-06 13:00:33
So... we seem to have some differences of definition. Some of this is semantics, some of this might involve ignoring the obvious.
For instance, the hierarchy in those 190,000 years. For me this is obvious. People beat and killed one another more often in the past. They castrated captured enemy soldiers and enslaved them. They cut peoples hearts out and threw people into bogs. My ancestors burned the disabled, insane and criminals to celebrate Halloween. 
[Civilization is mostly defined by written records.](
I am a big fan of biological mutualism, not so much the anarchist economic theory.  Labor theory of value is deeply wrong, rotten to the core.
Interesting that you like distributism, as it is so hierarchical, despite the emphasis on subsidiarity.
What is wrong with hierarchy, rightly done? I am rather a paternalist, to be honest.
@_date: 2014-01-02 22:33:46


Sounds like you define "socialist" in an unconventional manner?


Curious... I tend to see "fascists" as near identical to "socialists" myself. National Socialism is one obvious example, as well as the anarchist / syndicalist philosophical roots of ordinary fascism.
The basic idea of fascism is summed up by the fasces, that one arrow can be broken easily, but a bundle (with an axe in the center) cannot, and is good for smiting stuff (the judges gavel has it's roots in this symbol). 
Is Russia fascist in your opinion? How about the US (or China, for that matter)?
@_date: 2014-04-27 19:21:19
Thank you, I seem to have misread this sentence: 


@_date: 2014-01-01 20:26:25
How am I a good person if I am an "oppressor?" How does employing someone "strip them of autonomy?" 


He wasn't actually homeless, just on the brink. His problems were more to do with alcohol and romance. Employment was a stepping stone to his dream, to sell auto parts by internet (autonomy). He said he had done that very successfully in the past, until sudden moves and other issues caused it to fall apart. 
"Capitalism" implies a pursuit of "capital" for it's own sake, and is not a term I like to use.
Free markets are an obvious good, places which have them prosper, places that restrict the market (including all of those you mention) do not prosper. Would you like to live in Chiapas?  Why or why not?
@_date: 2013-12-31 11:14:29
The kind of person you describe is a natural slave, and will never become anything else [unless they think](


That is an absurd lack of imagination. People can find a new job, create their own (entrepreneurship), even live off the land or become a fat bum eating garbage and begging for drinking money. Options are infinite, but *only* if you open your mind...


@_date: 2013-12-31 13:03:19
To me someone feeling entitled to live off my labor and take my property without my consent is not only parasitic, but also a form of (wannabe) tyrant.
If anyone is not a true anarchist it is that sort of person. An entrepreneur who offers goods and services (or employment for that matter) at a price consensually negotiated is not only free, he is also the opposite of a parasite and oppressor. He is pro-social.
As others have pointed out, there is a disordered reasoning at play here, the result of wrongful premises and doublethink. 
Freedom is slavery, Ignorance is strength... Totalitarianism is anarchism?
@_date: 2013-12-31 20:44:42
Sounds like Marxism. I see job creators and Marxists in a very opposite light. One eradicates poverty and innovates solutions to myriad other problems, inventing technologies undreamed of within any one lifetime. The other fills mass graves and heads with lies, crushing hope along with dissent and social mobility.
Reality is out there, look into how North Korea (or Cuba for that matter) "works." 
@_date: 2013-12-31 21:09:26
I don't advocate "capitalism" (which has connotations of greed and selfishness), but I do advocate a free market and the opportunities it brings.
Where is it that people do things the way you'd like them to be done? Or when? 
Personally I like how things are done in nations which have economic freedom better than how things are done in a controlled economy:
* [Economic Freedom](
* [Lifespan ranking]( 
* [Human development ranking](
@_date: 2013-12-31 21:49:46
Switzerland does pretty well on all the lists, as does Japan and the Scandinavian countries.
Some of the places you mentioned (Paris Commune and Republican Spain, for instance) practiced Genocide against my religion (Catholic). I despise them for that, they slaughtered nuns and priests without mercy.
I don't "oppress," murder or abuse, but I am a Master, a parent, and an employer. Instead of of "keeping down by severe and unjust use of force or authority" I lift up by use of wisdom, competence and authority.
