@_author: wadcann
@_date: 2013-02-15 07:16:08
This bot is going to get annoying fast if a lot of people use bitcoins.
@_date: 2013-03-14 04:29:01


I have an extraordinarily difficult time seeing how a gambling website could offer full transparency as to what it is doing.
There are mechanism that could permit gambling, but they'd require a [trusted generic client to eliminate unpleasantness on things like card deals]( and the only thing validated would be that the cards aren't stacked.  If, say, a user didn't know a nuance of a game, a sketchy site could take advantage of that.  The users would have to effectively be validating the rules themselves, keeping an eye out that the numbers add up and so forth.
SSL certs can validate that the source of a website is a particular organization (or has access to the CA's keys, at any rate), but they don't currently let me pull down arbitrary software from a website or validate that the server-side software isn't cheating.
@_date: 2013-02-15 10:59:02


That being said, the term "Ponzi scheme" is very often misused to just mean "pyramid-shaped scam", which is what I suspect the OP's comment meant.
My (non-expert) understanding:
* Bitcoin does place you at risk, more than most currencies, that the currency could collapse and the value you have placed in Bitcoins could go to zero.  It might be that another digital currency could come up with slightly better properties and people would shift their Bitcoins to Acmecoins.  Acmecoins could even be Bitcoin with a few constants shifted (and a different set of people starting out, hoping to become wealthy).  Payment processors would be fine with Acmecoins; no skin off their back if people want to switch.  But that would cause massive inflation as people transitioned out of Bitcoin.
* On the other hand, while moving into Bitcoin is making people wealthy (the early adopters who chose to lock up BTC easily), it could quite plausibly do so (if Bitcoin never sees a bubble pop) not at the expense of new Bitcoin entrants, but at the expense of people in other currencies, like the dollar, who see inflation and their wealth evaporating.
* Because Bitcoin is irrevocable and effectively out of pretty much any law enforcement agency's practical ability to police along financial grounds that might otherwise be an option, some scams are probably easier to engage in.  Ignoring whether-or-not Bitcoin is a scam, scams might show up that make use of Bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-03-14 04:23:03
Oh, I don't know.  An otherwise-indistinguishable "emergency compromise" password that gives exclusive ownership of something to someone else, invalidating the normal password when used when used would tend to deter wrench-to-the-face tactics.