@_author: wadetian
@_date: 2018-10-24 01:29:50
Thanks for your reply! I really appreciate your help! This is a new way of viewing bitcoin that I failed to realise!
So the intrinsic value of Bitcoin rely on its ability to store value and than transfer it. I understand the transfer part as I researched how block-chain works, it is for sure a great invention! But I still puzzle about the store of value part. 
If I save $100 in bank I know bank take the money put in locker and write me a IOU $100. When i need to transfer to others bank will take the money out of the locker and give to them (Oversimplified but this is basically how it works i assume). If bank refuse to give me back my $100 i can suit the bank (and most likely i will lose)
If i buy $100 bitcoin where does my money go? Does it go to some sort of storage? Or does it go to the guy who sold me the bitcoin's pocket? If I want to transfer this bitcoin to my friend, and he want to take out the $100, does he need to sell the bitcoin? If no one want to take it (of course it wont happen, just brainstorming), what will happen? Can i suit someone or get the money from some other source. This may be just a dumb question, but i don't understand how bitcoin transition work too well.
Thanks for your patient! 
 
@_date: 2018-10-24 19:02:29
Totally agree with you that bitcoin/block-chain tech is a wonderful way to be the median of exchange! Low cost, security and ez of transaction. You have approved that Bitcoin is a next generation of median of exchange.
But a great median of exchange does not automatically give it property of "store of value". Say fiat money is a great median of exchange (not as good as bitcoin though) got no value all by its self, it is the law and action of tax-collection that make fiat money has "value". I give Bob $100, Bob accept it because Jack is willing to accept it, Jack accept it because Government only accept fiat money. In this case Government act as the end-user and is the supporting leg of the value of fiat money.
Another sample will be: if I give a gold bar to a human lives in 10000 BC, I can explain the wonderful property of gold and how can they store it and use it as money and how it is better than fish or meat (assuming they have the need for a median of exchange). If they got no need for gold bar, then the gold bar will have no intrinsic value. It will be passed on from one people to another but no one know how to use it. Yes, it create value when acting as a median of exchange but this is an add-on value not intrinsic value. Until someone makes a Crown from the gold bar and wear it to show-off to others (because he is Chief), now gold bar has intrinsic value (not stable though), this value is given by this Chief as he is willing to be the final consumer of this gold bar, he is willing to give up some fish or meat (which others need) to consume this gold bar with has no other use. 
Bitcoin is a wonderful median of exchange, I give Bob 100B, Bob accept it because Jack is willing to accept it, Jack willing to accept it because? If Jack willing to accept it because I am willing to accept it than there is a problem. If Jack willing to accept it because some Organisation (or anything any one) only accept Bitcoin as payment, than wonderful I have found the root of Bitcoin and now we can measure the intrinsic value of bitcoin.   
Thanks to you guys sharing your knowledge, I start to have this feeling that maybe the intrinsic value of bitcoin lays on the internet community but I am not sure. Is it possible for Bitcoin become the only acceptable payment for many organisations? What you guys think?
@_date: 2018-10-24 04:45:51
I see, I got your point, thanks man!
@_date: 2018-10-24 22:02:56
I see your point. I really appreciate your thoughts.
But I am confused again....... 
You say bitcoin has no IV, than how can it hedge against Gold/Fiat? 
To hedge you have to use something similar in function and different in risk. Like I can use Rice to hedge Bread cuz I can eat both and get similar result but I cant use Rock to hedge Bread as I cant eat rock. If Bread price rise I can still eat Rice but I cant eat rock.
To be an asset class bitcoin must have to have some value. Like Visa or paypal shares belongs to asset class "Equity". All equity has value (at least the investors think so). I understand part of the add-on value of bitcoin came from its property like security, ez of transfer, ext, those are all value derive from "median of exchange". But without IV how can bitcoin full-fill the function of "store of value"? In order to function as an "asset class" a object has to be "median of exchange" and "store of value" at the same time. It means it could be used for exchange for other good/service (Like some good old porn movies or anything) and at the same time will be recognised by the other party as valuable. Though as long as there is people accept it as payment is have value. But just like a tree has to have a stable root to survive in long-run, the root of "value" lays on "End-user". This "value" is 'Intrinsic Value". With no IV, the price of "median of exchange"  can be extremely volatile and in many case lose all its value in the long-run. (Kind of like a tree with no root, yes there are plants with no root but not a tree)
Bitcoin must have some IV, with you guys help I think I am getting closer to an answer. I think it lays somewhere in its users. Anyone any thought?   
@_date: 2018-10-24 01:59:54
Totally agree with you on the TRUE value part! 
But for the ez of discussion I have to define intrinsic value. Intrinsic value is the value of the end user willing to pay. A end user is a user that not planning or unable to re-sell the product/service to another user with its full value he/she paid. The value of anything could be affected by supply and demand but as long as there is end user, there is some value as someone is willing to pay with their labour for some goods. Say if some one is willing to sing for me for a bottle of beer, that bottle of beer will worth something. Same to fiat money/gold/any goods and service. Value may fluctuate greatly due to supply/demand, the more stable the supply/demand is the more stable the intrinsic value is. Things like artwork is not stable with its intrinsic value.
If bitcoin has stable intrinsic value than it is possible to work out the value of bitcoin over a period of time out of market volatility. Other wise any value could be given to bitcoin, even $1B is not too much. 
At the moment I still try to find the end-user form the whole bitcoin food chain, any thoughts? 
   