@_author: wagga-wagga
@_date: 2016-09-01 18:29:47
Hi r/bitcoin!
We have arranged a tournament to showcase our new cryptographic payment system ANOON. 
ANOON is meant to facilitate instant transactions of any size between accounts of users and services. The game was created independently by an external team.
For instance, if you want to place instant bets on a website, you first have to deposit bitcoin with the provider. With ANOON, you have a bank account where you can choose to have wallets connected to services. You can also get a debit card if you want to use your bitcoin anywhere.
You can purchase bitcoin with PayPal through ANOON, or you can deposit bitcoin onto your ANOON account using the public blockchain.
Now to the tournament.
What you need to know: 
Date and time: 1st of September, 18:00 UTC 
Duration: 72 hours 
Prizes: 7.5 BTC in a total of 5 prizes 
Entry bonus: 100,000 satoshi usable in game
The details:
Registration is simple. Visit  and put in your email. You will automatically have your account created on the cryptographic payment system ANOON with your gaming wallet connected to WaggaWagga. You will receive the login credentials along with instructions on how to activate a script to redeem the 100,000 satoshi entry bonus.
The game is also simple. Players play against each other in rounds. Each round, players can bet three times into the Pot. The chances of a single player winning the Pot is proportional to the percentage of their bet to the total amount in the Pot.
For example, if a player bets 0.01 BTC in a pot of 0.1 BTC, they have a 10% chance of winning the pot. Every player can bet a maximum of three times into one round of the game, where the minimum single bet is 0.0001 BTC.
The roll is triggered either when two minutes pass from the first two players entering their bets, or when the total number of discrete bets hits 50. The roll then picks the winner.
The prizes for the tournament are the following: first, second and third place in highest profit earn 3, 2 and 1 BTC respectively, 1 BTC is awarded to the player with the highest amount betted and 0.5 BTC is a surprise prize.
Check us out at waggawagga.co. We also have a forum!