@_author: waitdowhat
@_date: 2014-01-09 08:20:54
i'll be real with you, if you wash them with any normal frequency they won't last a year. the printing method they use isn't the greatest, and the shirts don't hold up too long. that being said, they are only $6 ($10 with shipping, i believe) so it's not a bad deal.
@_date: 2014-02-14 09:37:08
look, i'm sorry people made fun of you, but you are aware that the doge meme originated on 4chan, a site whose users basically worship the japanese ideal? I've never gotten the impression that the doge-speak was intended to be racist, it's not like they're making a mockery of an accent or anything.
@_date: 2014-02-14 07:25:38
Please pardon the smartass reply from the above poster, I'll try to be a bit kinder.
Yes, what he means is that it would not result in recieving anything. Mt. Gox, while one of the oldest bitcoin exchanges, has been plagued with a number of problems over the last year or so- the biggest issue being the inability to cash out Bitcoin for US dollars. Many customers have been waiting weeks, or months, with no real end in sight. This is in part due to the fact that US authorities siezed Mt. Gox's US bank account about 6 months ago, claiming that they were in violation of various laws regarding the transfer of funds and registration as a money-transmitting business.
Cashing out into other currencies (ie Yen, AU Dollar, etc) has been subject to lengthy delays as well. Mt Gox's support has been less than acceptable to many people, which has lead to the term "You got goxxed", implying that one has fallen victim to the lackadasial business practices of Mt. Gox.
Within the last week, Mt. Gox suspended Bitcoin withdrawals from their exchange- in other words, not only can you not cash out into fiat currency, you can't even withdraw the Bitcoin you've deposited with them. In essence, it's similar to not being able to get your money out of your bank (although Mt. Gox isn't a bank, it's a forex-type currency exchange). 
This withdrawal suspension, coupled with numerous other incidents, has led many to believe that Mt. Gox is now insolvent- in other words, they don't have enough Bitcoin on hand to cover all withdrawals. Now, this isn't entirely uncommon in the 'real-world' banking business- it's called fractional reserve. However, with the lack of any government agency (such as the FDIC) insuring customer deposits, many users are extremely worried about the eventual inability to ever get their Bitcoin back. Considering that numerous people have many thousands of dollars worth of Bitcoin tied up with Mt. Gox, you can see why it's a messy situation.
In reposnse to the claims of insolvency, Mt. Gox CEO Mark Karpeles released a statement last week claming that the exchange's withdrawal halting was necessary due to the discovery of a software bug within the code that the Bitcoin protocol is based on. This bug, referred to as transaction mallebility, DOES NOT allow other users to steal Bitcoin; it only allows the falsification of certain bits of info relating to transactions that thus allow someone to claim they never recieved funds sent from another user, while in fact they have.
Bitcoin's main developer responded to Karpeles' claims, essentially calling them baseless. The transaction mallebliity bug has been a known issue since 2011. He at first claimed that Mt. Gox was experiencing issues due to their own faulty implementation of the Bitcoin code, rather than a fault in the core Bitcoin protocol. Essentially, he's correct; however his indictment of Mt. Gox has lost some impact (in many peoples' eyes) as a number of other exchanges have been experiencing similar issues as Mt. Gox. 
Shortly after these announcements, the Bitcoin protocol network became subject to a massive denial-of-service attack that sought to exploit this mallebility bug, which has prompted the Bitcoin development team to scramble to create a fix for these issues. It would appear that in some measure they've been able to solve the issue, and the fix has been deployed at a number of exchanges and appears to be working. Mt. Gox just released a statement (less than a few hours ago) that they should be resuming Bitcoin withdrawals shortly, so it looks like things may be "fixed" (for a given value of fixed).
All in all, it's been an exciting (some would say rough) week for Bitcoin. Apologies for the wall of text, but thought it might help bring you up to date.