@_author: waitwuh
@_date: 2015-05-30 19:11:07
But put it in perspective.  I mean, you've gotta note that pure drugs alone do not cause many OD's, but the use concurrent drugs (illegal or otherwise) which make overdose more likely. One of the most common causes of overdose with heroin, for example, is using it in conjunction with alcohol (supposedly it's the cause for ~40% of heroin overdoses, tranquilizers are implicated in ~another 30%). The evidence linking these 6 deaths to the silk road does not include a toxicology report or medical records, which means we cannot rule out causes of death that are actually more the fault of other things than the drugs themselves.
And even if the drugs alone are to fault, from the size of the silk road, six is a really, really low tally.
For kicks, I did some calculations just to illustrate that:
The CDC estimates 43,982 deaths were a result of drug overdose in 2013 in the U.S. (note, this includes both OD's from illegal and legal drugs from my understanding). In 2009 it was estimated that 23.9 million americans used drugs in an illegal manor (either the drug was illegal or their use of it was). So the death rate of illegal/illicit drug use in the US is approximately 1.8%. 
There's all sorts of estimates about how many sellers and users were on the silk road over the course of it's existence, one quick query came up with "30,000 and 150,000 active customers." To be conservative, let's use the lower number. Wikipedia says ~70% of transactions involved drugs. So lets say 21,000 people bought drugs off of the silk road during the totality of it's operation. This is, again, very conservative - because active customers does not mean customers for the entirety of the site's existence, and just because 30% of the transactions *weren't* drugs doesn't mean those customers didn't buy drugs, too. Anyway, back to the numbers: if their drug-related deaths matched the death rate in the regular (U.S.) population, we'd expect 378 deaths total per year as a result of drugs bought on the silk road. The silk road was up for like two and a half years. So we'd be looking at a ultra-conservative estimate of ~945 deaths total.  And this is the ridiculously conservative calculation. If I used 90,000 customers (halfway between 30k and 150k) for that first step, we'd expect 2,835. If I went with 150,000, it'd be 4,725. And it'd still be conservative. And all of them would still probably be underestimates.
And we've got 6 suspected cases. Just 6. 
If silk road drug users were ODing at a rate even close to the rate of general users in the US... you'd think there'd be more suspected cases. As is, 6 cases represent 0.6% of the total expected with *the most ultraconservative possible basic estimate* i made. 
And, obviously, these calculations aren't very strict. They're very rough, which is why i was so conservative. But even conservatively, it makes 6 cases, even *proven*, *legitimate* cases of drug death due to drugs bough on the silk road, look infinitesimal in comparison to all drugs in general. You'd need a lot more than 6 cases to convince me that the silk road is as dangerous or more dangerous than other drug sources.
EDIT: thought I caught a calculation error...
@_date: 2015-05-30 04:44:06
The claims that corporate-run prisons are involved with mass incarcination have more beef behind them than just the idea of slave labor. When states have contracts with prisons that specify a minimum occupancy, it can create incentive for police departments to go after easier-to-catch offenders. 
There's also lobbying by groups like ALEC which look to change legislation in order to make punishments of common criminals increase. Maybe private prisons are only a small sliver here... But the problem is the effects of new legislation pushed by these lobbiers apply to those beyond the private-prison system alone.
@_date: 2015-05-30 19:34:19
I did some really rough calculations in [another comment]( But I can answer this: It's estimated 43,982 people died from drug-related deaths (this including illegal and legal drugs) in 2013 in the US. A 2009 survey showed that 23.9 million americans had illegally used drugs in the past month. If we say they used drugs all year, that'd be a death rate of 1.8%. Realistically, the death rate would probably be higher if we limited it to "regular users" of drugs and not the college kids who ate their first pot brownie last week at the time of the survey. Or, you know, limited it to "hard" drugs. Ironically, it'd likely be lower if we looked at only illegal drugs, and did not include misuse of legally prescribed ones. But that's beside the point.
If only 21,000 people bought drugs from the silk road, you would need ~378 deaths to match the rate of drug-related deaths in the general population. Again, this is ridiculously rough and also conservative. It can be estimated that in the 6 months before it was taken down, the silk road was processing over 5000 drug transactions on the daily. I think that's more than 21,000 people.
So you'd need like at least 378 suspected deaths before I'd actually bother to do the math with much stricter numbers and not ones that likely drastically over-estimate the drug-deaths in america and drastically under-estimate the drug-users on the silk road. 