@_author: waldodamus
@_date: 2018-03-19 18:23:05
All my friends who bought crypto bought it from Coinbase which no longer accepts CC for the most part. Little to No trust in bank or gov’t to tie their banking info to an exchange.  Once your bank is linked(which min is) the IRS can just suck it dry with retroactive capital gains taxes 
@_date: 2018-03-17 18:05:56
Side note. The Mt. Gox selling effected prices. How much is debatable. However regardless of where it was sold OTC or not,  it would have effected prices negatively to some degree. 
My FIRM belief is that all the banks worldwide that issue credit cards pressured Visa, MasterCard, Maestro, etc. to issue huge cash advance fees when buying crypto. 
When that didn’t slow anything down they decided to ban crypto purchases all together with their Credit Cards. One by one, bank by bank, country by country. Don’t expect any banking collusion charges as that’s a fruitless tree with all the $’s in politicians pockets worldwide.
Do any exchanges even allow CC purchases anymore? Answer is Yes. However so few bank-backed credit cards allow it now that the majority of crypto purchase transactions are denied. The Exchanges big challenge right now is to get a denied newbie purchaser with credit card to instead link their “safe and secure” banking info to this new investment platform that they likely have little knowledge of. 
Exchanges still try to execute CC purchases since a few still allow it, but it’s not likely to go through. This will effect exchanges worldwide over course of next year or so when they must overlap prior year sales and fees collected. Likely expanded their services and company due to huge growth but now their incremental fee they all loved so much in 2017 has disappeared. Exchanges biggest challenge this very second is replacing ridiculous credit card fee income from last year into “trust”. Trust that a person can purchase without giving a complete business stranger their Social Security  their banking info, etc.
As mentioned before “they”(Banking and CC Industry)realized short term they were reaping HUGE rewards, but long-term subsidizing their own demise. 
What business would want to accept Credit Cards at 2.9% if crypto is less than 1%?  Most people don’t even realize credit card fees are retail businesses’’  expense BY FAR! Not even close. More than payroll, utilities, and miscellaneous business expenses COMBINED for a small retail establishment. Very few purchases in cash.
It’s built into their COGS but regardless if they can sell their goods and get instant payment, and pay 80% less on fees on their largest monthly business expense....well, that’s a no brainer. 
Until exchanges make it easier to buy crypto like it was with credit cards late last year, crypto will struggle. NO ONE wants to have an exchange(with no backing of govt) linked to their personal checking or savings. And until this dilemma is fixed, crypto will float at current prices or drop much more due to diminished “executable demand”(demand may be there but too many hoops to jump through by new investors or too much risk tying your personal banking info to exchanges by new investors). Many will just invest in stock market backed securities through their stock fortfolio at Fidelity, Schwaab, Ameritrade, etc. WHICH IS WHAT THE FINANCIAL INDUSTRY WANTS!!! 
@_date: 2018-03-17 19:00:49
If you trust connecting your bank to exchanges hats off to you
@_date: 2018-03-19 18:19:19
Out to get who? Me? I’m fine with my investments to date
@_date: 2018-03-19 18:20:25
That’s what you do? Worry about editorial and grammar rather than substance? That sucks for you