@_author: walksallroads
@_date: 2014-10-25 14:22:01
An ACH Debit transaction in the U.S. can be disputed within 60 days of the settlement date (the day the debit posts to the account). The consumer simply signs a statement that the transaction is unauthorized. The bank might point out the transactions have been ongoing for years but if the consumer insists they simply never noticed and it's unauthorized, any activity in the past 60 days will be returned through the ACH network to the originator. ACH disputes are consumer-centric vs card payments which are very merchant-centric. The only recourse an originator has once the debit has been rejected as unauthorized is to request a copy of the written statement the consumer signed from their bank and decide whether they will absorb the loss or gather proof it was authorized, find legal council, and pursue legal action against the consumer. And if they can't prove it and lose in court, now they are out the amount of the transactions AND legal fees.
Additionally, the ACH network monitors rates of return for unauthorized transactions--if an originator has too many debits returned as unauthorized, they can be heavily penalized and/or kicked out of the network.
It's curious to me that anyone dealing with Bitcoin does anything by ACH. The exposure window of 60 days is enormous. But that could potentially underscore why transactions funded by ACH are scored higher in fraud identification.
@_date: 2014-10-26 17:25:05
So, in every ACH transaction there is an originator and a receiver. In some cases they might be the same person, but not usually. A receiver can dispute a DEBIT with their bank, in which case the the receiver's bank takes the money back from the originator's bank (and ultimately, the originator).
I envision really only one way Coinbase would be funding consumer accounts using ACH: by debiting the consumer's savings or checking account at the consumer's bank and initiating a credit to Coinbase. So each "buy" using ACH generates two transactions:
One debit to the consumer's bank account, in which Coinbase is the originator and the consumer buying the bit coin is the receiver. This would be the transaction the consumer can dispute with their bank, if it is unauthorized, for up to 60 days.
The second transaction is a credit in which Coinbase is the originator. What's unclear to me is who would be the receiver. It is either Coinbase because they are receiving the ACH credit, then transferring to the consumer's vault/wallet using an internal process outside of the ACH network, or the if the ACH credit posts directly to the consumer's vault then the consumer would be the receiver. I think the latter scenario is unlikely because ACH can only touch a savings, checking, loan, or general ledger account and I doubt that the Coinbase wallet/vault qualifies as one of those categories.
I suppose the other way a consumer could do this is by originating it through their own bank but I think this is unlikely because I don't think most banks would be open to the idea of Bitcoin in general, plus you run into the complications of whether the Coinbase wallet is even an account the ACH network can touch. Plus, in ACH, the originator assumes all risk responsibility in transactions so a bank is unlikely to be willing to originate these types of transactions. 
Following the other example, *if* a consumer found a bank willing and able (somehow) to originate money going to a Coinbase account, the roles would be:
Debit to Consumer bank account: originator = consumer's bank, receiver = consumer
Credit to Coinbase: originator=consumer's bank, receiver = either Coinbase or the consumer
As you can see in this scenario, the consumer would dispute the transaction with their bank... who is also originator. So if the bank were to accept the dispute, they would essentially have to take the money out of their own pocket to give it back to the consumer. At the end of the day, unauthorized is unauthorized--so if it is truly an unauthorized transaction that is what the bank would need to do...but they will put up much more of a fight and be better equipped to prove a transaction was authorized because everything would have been done through their system.
All of this applies to what I'm GUESSING is the way Coinbase utilizes ACH funding. It's all hypothetical and does not apply to other, different funding methods such as Card Payments (Visa, MC, etc) or wire transfer.
So, in short, in ACH a receiver can dispute a debit 60 days after it posts, and does so by signing a written statement. After their bank accepts it and conducts any research it deems necessary, if appropriate they will then take the funds back from the originator's bank through the ACH network. And that is the end of the dispute unless the originator and/or receiver are willing to take it outside of the ACH network (e.g. court).
Of course, a main point I need to stress is don't dispute something as unauthorized when in fact you authorized it. Doing so could land you in debt, court, jail, or any combination of the above.