@_author: walshipotamus
@_date: 2014-10-08 01:13:11
This shouldn't have any affect on your encrypted wallet.  
  
IBM specializes in big data and analytics. What they are trying to accomplish is parsing information for clients without putting that data in jeopardy.   
  
Lets say you run a company that collects huge amounts of data, this data is incredibly sensitive. However you do not have the staff or the type of technical skills that would be needed to sort through this information to find meaning. Things such as sales metrics, customer spending, browsing habits, or how individuals use or consume your product. Also you never want this data to be sent to a 3rd party and then be decrypted leaving your data at risk to be compromised by someone internally at this 3rd party.  
  
What Homomorphic encryption will try to solve is sending this incredibly sensitive data to a 3rd party without having that 3rd party decrypt this information to run analytics on the data.
@_date: 2017-06-08 02:08:33
The basis of why IBM is using the concept of the blockchain is the immutable distributed ledger. 
[IBM Blockhain Infographic](
Do you have a source that says their blockchain offering is changeable?
As a note: I do work for IBM, The postings on this site are my own and don't necessarily represent IBM's positions, strategies or opinions. I do not work in the blockchain division, but I have gone through some of the basic training on the offering.
@_date: 2017-06-08 01:50:56
IBM is using the blockchain as an unchangeable ledger. They are not pushing its use as a cryptocurrency.
@_date: 2017-06-08 02:23:21
I can't argue that businesses have never colluded to mutual benefit. However, you would be hard pressed to disagree that the type of collusion necessary to roll back even a single event on a distributed ledger would be difficult. While it will be no where near the security that Bitcoin offers at this moment for immutable transactions, it will add security, and create a more easily audited paper trail for large corporations trying to keep tabs on things such as their supply lines. 