@_author: walterharrison
@_date: 2013-04-09 14:06:50
Many anarcho-capitalists disagree with me on this, but I have always been a fan of cooperatively-run utilities.  I think that in a truly free society, they would be more important than ever.
Utilities have natural characteristics that promote monopolization.  If people in an area cooperatively own and operate a utility with the benefits of the utility being their profit instead of direct money, prices will be set at the most affordable price possible.
Others promote the use of consumer unions.  A consumer union would approve price increases.  If a provider increased prices by 10,000%, everybody in the union would boycott the provider.  Providers wouldn't risk exorbitant price increases, because it would mean a complete lack of business until a deal was made.  You can go without toilet flushing for a while, but a business with no income will die.  The truth is that the situation would probably be avoided to begin with.  The risk associated would be too high for the business to try anything fishy.
Governments aren't even all that good at handling the utility problem.  They increase monopolization instead of decreasing it by backing a particular utility provider, and they tend to let the provider do what it wants until its actions become unbearable.  They typically give utilities free will to increase prices as much as 10%.  The utility only has to get permission from a regulatory board if the price increase will be higher than that.  So it isn't unheard of for a utility to increase prices by 10% per year.
The point is that there are options for how to handle utilities in a voluntary society.  People don't have to be forced by a coercive government.  People can choose to join in on boycotts or not.  People can choose to join with neighbors and start a utility or purchase one together.  There are multiple options that do not involve coercion.
@_date: 2013-04-10 12:47:16
They don't say they're *bad*, per se.  It isn't like they think they should be forcibly stopped.  They just tend to think that cooperatively run businesses are inefficient and don't work well.  It's the same way they look at voluntary socialist communities: They should be allowed but probably won't be as productive as a capitalistic community.