@_author: wanderinganteater
@_date: 2017-12-09 15:11:09
To be honest I dont check on the pools often, performance varies daily so today F2Pool could be top performing, tomorrow Antpool. The only time I change is if I notice daily payouts have dropped significantly.
@_date: 2017-12-06 18:57:50
A profitability calculator I made for such occasions:   
  
  That spreadsheet is setup with extremely (unrealistically) conservative values, in truth cloud mining is much more profitable due to Bitcoin's tremendous growth in value. It takes into account initial cost, fees, -0.1% daily, etc. The first page "QuickGlance" is just for easier reading of the straight facts, the actual work is done on "Calc" and "Fill", where yes, there is a calculation for every day, up to 730 days.  
  
  Common question, if it's so profitable, why don't they just use the hardware to mine themselves? Answer, it's far more profitable to get bitcoin than to mine.  
  
  Example: Hashflare contract price - $1.50 for 10GH, Fees - $0.0035 per 10GH (collected in bitcoin), term - 1 year. I pay $150.00 dollars for 1TH, oops, if I had just bought bitcoin that's now worth $157.50, oh well, I'll just get bitcoins from mining...cool! Pay the $0.35 daily fee in bitcoin, whoops that's worth $0.37 now. That's cool though, I made $1.66 in Bitcoin! Wait, I could have made $7.50 just from buying bitcoin? SCAM!  
  
  Is it really a scam though? Short answer, not at all, in fact you can cloud mine and make a hefty profit with the right reinvestment profile setup, even have a self-sustaining cycle by which you increase the amount of bitcoin you generate through mining each year. The long answer, you make more money investing directly in bitcoin because it's value increase each year eclipses mining profitability and mining profitability will inevitably reach 0. The give/take of my answer, you can mine bitcoin and hold bitcoin from your profit each year/month/day. People saying it's not profitable or it's just a straight scam aren't being honest/realistic, they just see the rise of bitcoin and think that because mining can't reach that it must be a scam.  
  
  My advice, invest in bitcoin and cloud mining. Buy x amount of hashrate on Hashflare and x amount of bitcoin. Reinvest in Hashflare from your daily profit for around 220 days. Your profits with extremely conservative estimates on Hashflare with an initial hashrate of 1TH are $1,110 after 1 year and because you were reinvesting (buying new contracts from daily income) you have contracts into your second year netting you $806. You can also re-buy contracts after 1 year with 25% of your then profit and make $1,034 your second year. This way you have an ever increasing supply of bitcoin that grows exponentially until mining profitability reaches 0, due to bitcoin's ever increasing value that's a long time.  
  
  One final note, mining with hardware is more profitable (depending on cost of electricity) than cloud mining, but requires a much higher initial cost and more time/effort. Additionally it will take longer to increase hashrate without spending money out-of-pocket.
@_date: 2017-12-07 03:22:12
The two sites I'm most familiar with are [Genesis Mining]( and [Hashflare]( Genesis Mining is currently out of stock for Bitcoin Mining, but offers lower daily fees (0.00028 per GH) than Hashflare (0.0035 per 10 GH). Though Genesis Mining's initial price is slightly higher than Hashflare's, they offer open-ended contracts vs Hashflare's one year contracts.  
  
   I haven't had the chance to try Genesis Mining due to them being out of stock for quite some time, but they are supposed to have more bitcoin mining contracts available in the next few months and I plan on purchasing then; Hashflare is what I'm currently using.  
  
  Mining profitability is dependent on two things, difficulty and bitcoin value. Difficulty is determined by hashrate across the entire bitcoin network, the higher the hashrate, the higher the difficulty. Bitcoin value, luckily, has risen to such a degree that at this point difficulty is not an issue for mining, in fact I'm doing far better now than I was when I first started cloud mining due to bitcoin's value increasing so much.  
  
  With the right reinvestment approach in (cloud) mining (i.e. through Hashflare's reinvest option, it automatically buys the maximum number of contracts with your bitcoin earned for the day, off by default) you can make quite a large sum of money compared to initial TH purchase. If you refer back to the Google Sheets spreadsheet I linked earlier, you can now see by reinvesting for 260 days, the profit jumps from $321 to $1072 and because you now have new 1 year contracts purchased everyday for your first 260 days, you have hashrate into your 260th day of the second year. In total your profit would be $2448. These figures are still with very conservative estimates.  
  
  Yes, you're right, as bitcoin value increases, the USD exchange rate decreases, meaning that you can buy less, but it's still very profitable so long as Bitcoin value continues ascending. But the rising value of bitcoin helps out mining too.  
  
  Anyway, thanks for your kind words.
@_date: 2017-12-06 18:19:35
Everyone is saying you've invested in a scam, you haven't. True, having bitcoin right now is far more profitable than mining, but mining is still profitable. In fact, you can very well wind up with quite a large profit margin.  
  
  Here is a link to a Google Sheet I created to determine profitability of cloud mining:   
  
  It takes into account -0.1% daily, daily fees ($0.0035 per 10GH), initial cost, etc. It's setup to be extremely (unrealistically) conservative, but if you bought 1.10TH, after 1 year you have a profit of $354.06. That calculation does not take into account Bitcoin's rising value, in fact it does the opposite, it says that no matter what, you will lose 0.1% in profit every day for one year, like I said it's extremely conservative. Additionally as of writing this, income per TH per day should be $2.01 (fluctuates constantly i.e. an hour ago it was at $2.36, one week ago it was $1.78, based on bitcoin's value), I've set it at $1.96.  
  
  Also you can play around with the reinvest option for Hashflare and find that you can make a substantial amount more than that even with unrealistically conservative estimates, i.e. reinvesting daily for 200 days gives you $1,190 profit after one year, $663.26 the second year (your contracts expire one year from the purchase date so reinvesting gives you contracts lasting until the last day of the 2nd year depending on when you purchased them). The difference comes from the fact that instead of having a flat hashrate of 1.10TH, by the end of your reinvest period you have 7.22TH, again that's with extremely conservative estimates.  
  
  The spreadsheet itself calculates for every single day, 730 days. The first sheet "QuickGlance" is for easy reading, the actual heavy lifting of the formulas happens on "Calc" and "Fill", feel free to look around the document to see the different formulas.
@_date: 2017-12-04 05:03:58
Cloud mining requires no interaction really. Once you purchase a contract you dont have to do anything.  
  
  For example, I use Hashflare, I've only withdrawn from it once (to confirm I could), but then I set it to reinvest automatically. I could make more bitcoin with hardware, i.e. Antminer s9, but it locks me to 13.5 TH until I can afford more miners. That plus noise, heat, and effort put into hardware mining make cloud mining my personal preference.  
  
  Plus cloud mining cost me out of pocket once, then I'm getting more hashrate overtime at an affordable rate and can reinvest part of my overall profit at the end of my contract for higher hashrate.
@_date: 2017-12-06 22:00:28
Cloud mining works like this:  
  
  MiningSite sells contracts at $1.50 per 10GH, plus a daily fee at $0.0035 per day per 10GH collected in Bitcoin.  
  
  You buy your contracts, say 10TH for one year. Costs $1,500, plus an additional $3.50 per day. You calculate it out, at current rates you can mine $20.79 minus your fee so you make $17.29 per day, great! Oh snap! Bitcoin value goes up 5%! Now you're getting $18.32! Already doing good, right? Well, sort of, that $1,500 you initially spent would be worth $1,575 in bitcoin had you spent it there instead and that fee you paid is now worth $3.67...  
  
  So mining is useless and cloud mining is a SCAM, right? Short answer, not at all (though be careful, there are a lot of cloud mining scams). Both cloud mining and hardware mining are profitable, even with extremely conservative estimates. Long answer, cloud mining can't beat the rate at which bitcoin increases in value, but mining and cloud mining are increasingly profitable thanks to bitcoin value growth outpacing the rate of difficulty hikes.  
  
  So you're stuck spending your money out-of-pocket for the most profit? No! Mining can be extremely profitable, with the right reinvestment setup. I've made a spreadsheet to demonstrate that cloud mining is profitable, even with unrealistically conservative estimates. Sure you'd make more money with a mining rig, but that requires time, maintenance, and can't be reinvested in as often. You'd definitely make more money buying/selling bitcoins, but again there's a lot of time needed to be spent waiting and watching for the right time to buy/sell.  
  
  My advice, buy bitcoin and invest a little into cloud mining. Use a well known site with a good reputation. With 1.0TH, a daily decrease of 0.1% income per TH, $1.96 income per TH per day, daily fees and initial cost subtracted, you would have a profit of $321. Those are extremely conservative values and you still make a profit. With the proper reinvestment schedule you can increase your hashrate every year and come out with bitcoin. You can make a very nice profit off cloud mining.  
  
  Here's the spreadsheet:   
  
  Feel free to export it and play around with the formula, I'd honestly recommend making it less conservative for a more realistic estimate of profitability. (Warning: Unless you understand the formulas, I'd recommend only editing Blue highlighted cells.)