@_author: wanderingbort
@_date: 2014-03-28 18:41:59


The majority of the value you get from a traditional escrow is the "guarantee" of fair mediation if it is needed.  The majority of the "cost" involved in running an escrow is carrying the liability of your *future* commitments to mediate if it is needed.  Mediation is expensive for all parties and an escrow agent cannot say "my schedule is full so, I'm not going to mediate".  Escrow agencies can only afford to "oversell" their mediation capacity by a certain factor if they want to succeed so, there is some cost on the escrow side for a transaction that does not go to mediation. 
In short, if you have escrow you should and will be charged some fee on a simple transaction even if no mediation is require.  


Eliminating fund holding liability in an escrow arrangement is a minor win at best for the costs of being a successful escrow, it equates to the overhead of insurance. Crytocurrency based escrow will be cheaper, but probably not by as much as you are expecting. 
Furthermore, the parties who need escrow still need to trust the escrow agent at some level.  That is the nature of the business.  Building trust is an asset, and that asset will not be freely given to transacting parties.  If you come to mediation, and there is no trust in the escrow agent, then you are gonna have a bad time.
@_date: 2014-08-17 13:03:22


Offtopic for sure, but also a pet peeve of mine...
*Safe* deposit box, as in "a deposit box located inside the safe".  It isn't where you put your safety. 
@_date: 2014-02-15 21:42:13
may be pedantic but credit cards take a cut of revenue not profit.  
@_date: 2014-02-15 23:04:02
except for low margin high volume products it is the difference between asking a merchant to split it with you and asking the merchant to potentially lose money to support *your* fad currency.
it needs to be a shared benefit over traditional methods or you will not have the merchants in the revolition.
@_date: 2014-03-25 15:13:38


Or an economist.
OP_RETURN gives me 40 bytes and gives the blockchain less bloat and prunable data
MULTISIG gives me 80 bytes and gives the blockchain nothing.  
So, I net 40 bytes unless I feel like being charitable.  If i already have code that assumes 80 bytes then I would realize an immediate monetary loss by switching to OP_RETURN since there is nothing offered in return.  
The blockchain has no central authority, it is no place to make decisions based on software development principles.  You have to construct a game where the easiest/best path is the one you want people to take.  OP_RETURN should have been a cheaper alternative (from TX fees) to MULTISIG, then there is an economic incentive to use the blockchain in a responsible fashion (prunable cruft data).  
@_date: 2015-01-31 00:26:38
This idea has been talked to death for so long that it is the example given on the bitcoin foundation wiki: 
I theorize that if this were actually a "glaring opportunity" company X would exist and would be profitable.
Perhaps, it is that bitcoin does not solve the primary issue in this opportunity.  Maybe not even a secondary or tertiary issue.
@_date: 2015-01-31 01:38:32
So, making and defending smug tweets which seek to deride others trying to innovate in the bitcoin space and proclaim your superior understanding of the situation qualifies as "the absolute most effective use of (your) time"?
By my count there are plenty of you in the movement, perhaps you've missed the glaring opportunity to be a positive voice.
@_date: 2015-01-31 01:13:30


And what diverts your interests such that it prevents your pursuit of this glaring market opportunity in payments?  
I am sorry that I inferred you were talking about micropayment channels, it was the only way I could readily draw relevance between bitcoin and your idea.  How is it that bitcoin would better incentivize owners of wireless access points to open than fiat or credit?
In order for it to qualify as a "bitcoin 1.0 opportunity" doesn't it have to be something enabled by bitcoin.  Otherwise wouldn't we would call it an "opportunity"?
@_date: 2015-08-23 12:19:41
Even if that came to pass for the _current_ elite.  State would still be influenced by money regardless of the money's form because the state like all other entities would still need money to do anything.
At best this will shift influence from one set of Elites to a new set.
As long as there is a state and it needs money it will be influenced by the money of the day.
@_date: 2015-04-18 15:01:41
Assuming the arbitrator is a rational actor, you are still presuming that
* arbitration capacity is infinite
* arbitration work is uniformly profitable
* arbitration services are interchangeable
In limited supply, it is in the interest of the arbitrator to take the most profitable disputes.  Profitabilty of disputes is based on many factors, not the least of which is how difficult it is to do the discovery phase.  Lastly, even if you cannot abscond with the funds directly, you need trust (through experience, reputation, or otherwise) in your arbitration service.  This will make some better options than others. 
If you just append arbitrator pubkeys you carry the risk that none of your listed arbitrators will take an interest in your case.  You can minimize this by appending more keys which opens up more risk that one of them will collude with your opponent in the dispute.  
Arbitration is a trust based industry.  Bitcoin may be able to reduce the currency-level trust you need in an arbitration service, but you still need trust that they will proceed in an unbiased and fair manner.  That will probably come with an up-front, non-refundable fee.  They will charge you for the peace-of-mind that in a dispute you will be well taken care of.
@_date: 2015-04-18 13:58:11


Serious question, has someone figured out how to do multi-sig escrow without a 3rd key from the arbitrating party up front?  Last I read it was buyer, seller and arbitrator each throw in a key, if all goes well buyer and seller handle releasing funds otherwise arbitrator sides with buyer or seller for the second key in a 2-of-3 for instance. 
If you still have to pre-declare the arbitrage provider, then that will have _some_ cost associated with it as the arbitrator is carrying a risk to their reputation (that they can fairly settle) and a liability on their time as they have already committed to providing service in at least one possible outcome.  In the long run these both have monetary values attached to them that make the service cost something. 
It would be loads cheaper than a traditional escrow which must hold funds as an intermediary, but not free.
@_date: 2015-11-15 00:01:58
We don't have slaves today because it's illegal, it's illegal because a majority finds it reprehensible.  There is still slavery in the world and why would that be if it was an economically poor choice?
That aside you have presented a more moderate approach than originally hinted at.  The problem with taking absolutist approach like "all taxes are theft" is that it is a turn off to people who are on your side but taking a more moderate view of how to affect change in the world.
@_date: 2015-11-06 21:50:21
Surely, Bitcoin's worth is tied to its public nature.  But an open-source alternative can still be used by everyone, innovated upon, trustless, inflation-proof and borderless even if it is deployed in such a way that a given network is NOT permissionless and NOT public.   In that case, all of these sources of value are not unique to Bitcoin.  What is unique is its current adoption, and in this case the fact that its network is open to the public at large.  Those are good aspects of Bitcoin but I do not believe they are enough to state that all Private, Permissioned Blockchains will fail. 
I am not defending the banks.  I am defending the concept of Private Permissioned Blockchains regardless of who implements the concept.  Conceptually, I don't think they are evil, but everyone wants to attack the strawman of a presumed bank-run concoction which ticks all of their perceptions of weasley things banks do.
The title of this post (and the article it links) doesn't mention banks, but the content of the article and most of the discussion is about how banks are building Frankenstein's Blockchain ergo Private Permissioned Blockchains will fail.  
Perhaps I just object to the way this article is billed. If the title had been "Why banks suck" I would have not batted an eye.  Since the title only refers to a polarizing avenue of Bitcoin and/or Blockchain innovation which the discussion/article is unfairly demonizing through a bank-strawman, I am on the defense.
@_date: 2015-11-06 23:15:23


You _can_ create a closed isolated thing with Private Permissioned Blockchains, but it is by no means required.
A brief example:
Perhaps Private and Permissioned just means that miners have to be endowed in some way in order to publish new blocks that are accepted by the network.  The process for endowment could be publically auditable, it could even BE openly managed (maybe using a colored bitcoin), but the resulting Blockchain is not openly mineable and therefore it techincally Private and Permissioned.  
Everything else it 100% Bitcoin.  You have the same guarantees and process for moving your coins, same confirmation expectation and with a significantly diverse and large endowed-miner pool the same protection from reorgs (which is to say if the big boys collude in any pool you are owned), you just cannot mine as a normal person.  For your trouble, it _might_ become easier for the protocol to innovate because the set of endowed miners is necessarily less than "Everyone" and therefore concensus on protocol/technology changes is easier to reach.
I say _might_ because this is an area of research and I don't know of a good endowment scheme that fits this application.  If I find one, would you really say that your personal ability to mine against the industrial hash capacity that dominates Bitcoin is worth more than the protocol's ability to innovate rapidly?
@_date: 2015-11-07 02:53:21
You keep throwing a sinister bank in there.  What if the endowment was owning a coin on the chain?  Change just one thing about bitcoin, you must have a &gt;dust balance in the wallet for the coinbase transaction to be valid.  This is now technically a permissioned chain private to all bitcoin owners, there is a hard cap on miners now too.
How do all of your fears manifest?
@_date: 2015-11-14 02:02:09
I agree there are moral issues with democracy but as of now I know of no better solution to the fact that we, as people, are far more interdependent than any of us are truly comfortable with.
I think it is too idealistic to think that you and your neighbor's morality will align well enough to prevent conflict.  Part of human nature is to grow and build and that is hard to do in a way where everyone benefits or is neutrally affected.  Eventually there will conflicts and perscribing an optimal set of laws or "natural laws" is just as oppressive to someone who disagrees with the contents of those laws as a democracy.  If everyone could agree on that set of laws, or even a method of conflict resolution, then democracy would discover them through unanimous consent.  Alas, that has never happened, not even for trivial issues.
@_date: 2015-11-13 17:58:26
My main objection is that, in its current state, saying "when properly secured" effectively makes it fantasy to the average person on the planet.
Wallets are improving and tools are improving but until they reach a point where the everyday Luddite can use Bitcoin without an imminent SFYL, I won't be a supporter of a total Bitcoin revolution.  My family members can barely use wordpress and have more browser bars installed than should be possible given the number of seconds in a day.  I am not willing to give them up to realize this future; they have to come with me.
Also, not everyone draws an equivalence between taxation and theft.  For me, its far too simplified to merit real consideration as "truth".
@_date: 2015-11-06 15:19:51
TL;DR - Because banks aren't capable of it.
Seems to me that he was only talking about how Banks would fail to deliver Private, Permissioned Blockchains.  There is no quote nor content in the article that attacks the concept, only the implementer.  In my day, we called that Ad hominem.
I'm looking for a transcript now, did he have anything to say that wasn't directly related to the banking industry's involvement?
@_date: 2015-11-14 15:46:02
The biggest problem with the 1800s comparison is that the world is drastically different today and there are plenty of possible complications that the 1800s analog would not have had to deal with.  It doesn't invalidate the "test" but it does change what was being tested.
We were on the gold standard and had an isolationist foreign policy but we were also in a period of rapid technological (different technology age) growth and infrastructural investment by private parties.  It was a golden age of growth but it was not without its tyrannies. For example, see the treatment of workers and the economic pressures that forced some southern states where slavery was illegal to legalize it.
Meanwhile, the Internet and Bitcoin are steps towards globalization and unifying the people of the world.  As is the prevalence of modern logistics making global manufacturing a plausible scenario and opening economic competition between drastically different socio-geographic segments.  These are huge complications for any foreign policy including the ones that flourished in times where these things were fantasy.
We can only speculate how much of the 1800s prosperity was due to monteary policy and government.  There is literally no rigorous experiment we could run that could figure this out, the scale of execution and repetition is just too much.  We are going to have to wing it with imperfect knowledge and a commitment to consider changing in progress as more information becomes apparent.  This is the evolutionary system we are currently engaged in, we are in the age of democracy.  It is possible that this is the dark ages :)
@_date: 2015-11-13 23:49:13
For the sake of argument, what if my friend died from the shot so I am no longer defending him from harm and it is ambiguous  (I have no knowledge) of whether my friend was the aggressor or not.  It could have been self defense but I confiscated the gun to stop escalation while the rest was sorted?  Use of force still justified? Theft?
If you opt out of the taxes and live in a place where you can practically opt out of the good and guarantee no adverse externalities from your exclusion, then sure.  But I find it unlikely that a situation as that is practical.  No infrastructure use, cannot create waste or pollution in a way that burdens your neighbors.  All of the classical free rider and tragedy of the Commons problems.
Without details I would say that was, at worst, extortion but more likely a reason to move to another street.  
@_date: 2015-03-09 20:25:17
Satellites are a long way off from being cost competitive in markets where terrestrial infrastructure exists.  There are a few major concerns:
* The terrestrial -&gt; satellite path is expensive to maintain and the options which are not fixed infrastructure suffer from service quality issues due to weather conditions, alignment, etc
* The satellite -&gt; terrestrial path is broadcast and at best has the same spectrum problems as mobile device bandwidth (even worse due to restricted practical spectrum) making competitive use of that the same land rush that we have in mobile carriers in the US.  The "unlicensed spectrum" games that the mesh-net would play don't apply because you can't use distance attenuation to allow for spectrum reuse. 
These mesh + sat nets are getting a lot of press and research dollars in markets like africa where there is no infrastructure nor is their high demand.  
To expect this to compete with a monopoly controlled terrestrial fiber network in cost or service is not practical in the near future. 
EDIT: stupid bullet formatters
@_date: 2015-11-06 16:49:54


For anyone interested on his argument from the panel as to why Private, Permissioned Blockchains will fail, it is that only Bitcoin has the size/recognition/etc to create a financial incentive capable of securing a blockchain.  
I have always found it funny that people trying to disrupt the the institutions that are "too big to fail" use Bitcoin's position as the leading Crypto-currency (in public mind-share, use, marketcap, miners etc) as a reason that everything else is "too small to succeed".
@_date: 2015-03-09 22:02:34
To me this sounds plausible but really depends on a lot of assumptions that may or may not hold water in the long run, for instance the assumption that the cost of deploying/maintaining that orbital mesh net would come down to the point where it is cost competitive to terrestrial alternatives like fiber.
The article you originally linked mentions Google's goal is to provide internet "to billions who don't have it" which may suggest that they don't expect it to be a viable replacement for terrestrial networks in markets where they are feasible.
After all, Google is also laying terrestrial fiber. 
@_date: 2015-03-09 17:14:14
CMV: I am unconvinced that this actually affects the lack of last mile competition.  
For the sake of argument, I will assume that the problem of routing on a mesh net is solved optimally:  The path I take over mesh-hops is as short as it can be.  I will also remove the variable capacity and stability of the (consumer-grade?) hardware at each hop.  In other words, the mesh net is a perfect mesh net where it provides service. 
At some point, the packets have to exit the mesh net and enter a local exchange/provider which can route to/from the internet proper.  This may be a consumers wired connection, which suffers from existing lack of competition or some local hub where tier 2/3 providers have set up an exchange.
For the sake of the rest of my argument, I will assume you do _NOT_ live in a city that is already a major data hub.  
The tier 2/3 provider market is also non-competitive as the costs of backbone infrastructure is still pretty high particularly in rural and geographically isolated markets.  So, if you are lucky enough to have a local exchange it is likely only competitively populated by the entities that can offset the cost of providing service to the exchange with the profit of direct last-mile customers, everyone else would be effectively paying an additional premium to provide service to the local exchange and be at an economic disadvantage.
This means that all roads still lead back to a local data gatekeeper.  If one of their avenues for profit starts dwindling because, for instance, a mesh net has cut into their last-mile customer base, then the price of other services would have to go up to keep their business in the black.  Since they still have all the control points, that cost increase will eventually propagate down to the end users of the mesh net either though increased last-mile service cost to their best mesh-hop -or- increased service cost in the local exchange.  If you add in overhead for maintaining/managing the local exchange and/or mesh net, it seems likely that equivalent services from the mesh-net would be more expensive than the incumbent monopoly, unless the mesh-net itself has a lower cost to maintain than existing in ground infrastructure.
A mesh net means more middle-men and more overhead and ultimately more cost unless you can completely replace your current last-mile provider with a mesh net.  My view is that most markets cannot achieve this as they cannot attract the competitive local data exchange market they would need in order to not be price slaved to a monopoly at some point.
@_date: 2015-11-14 11:57:43
You are making a lot of assumptions about me.  That I haven't read up on Freidman, that I don't known history, that I am a full supporter of the status quo.  It doesn't help your position to strawman your opponent.
The problem I have is that you have an unproven but well thought out system and one that has survived practice in one format or another for centuries.  There have been a lot of unconceivable scenarios survived by the current system as it evolved and the proposed system is largely theory.  Make all the parallels to history you want, we still had government and taxes and people were not truly free by your definition.  That we have different taxes now is a response to change.
Like it or not the "will of the people" is currently not in your favor and saying the game is rigged because the people are indoctrinated, ignorant, or both and therefore cannot accept your version of truth sounds whiney.  It's not Friedman's work that is too simplistic,  it is the understanding of humanity it is based on that is too simplistic. 
@_date: 2015-03-09 20:46:13
I'm sure they are, they likely know more than both of us several times over on the topic.
BUT how is saying "a few billion dollars" and mentioning a single company the answer to removing non-competitive monopolies from the equation?
Are we expecting google to provide the solutions to all of these concerns and financing to anyone wanting to provide a competitive orbital mesh provider?
Or do we just assume that Google at a basic nature will be a more benevolent dictator than our current monopoly?
@_date: 2015-11-14 17:30:01
You are historically incorrect about the economics of slavery.  In modern times slavery is replaced by wages too small to break the cycle and it is the backbone of modern electronic device manufacture.  While governments are complicit in it for sure, it is the free market that drives businesses in markets like America where those practices are illegal to provide economic incentives to markets like China to continue the practice of abusing workers.  I think it's highly likely that the reasons these people allow themselves to be mistreated is far more complex than "government" or "economics".  Therefore I don't believe the solution is as simple as a change to either or both.
As for the modern system breaking down, that is speculation. It might be on the way down however, the modern system had evolved from lots of problems and imperfect solutions.  To assume it will just give up due to these things is wishful thinking.  You can either wait for your chance to install a new system and risk never getting it, or operate in the existing system and affect change.
@_date: 2015-10-29 20:35:44
I should know better to engage you, but I will give you another post to reply to :)


There was a basic presumption of exclusivity in the mining pool.  That can be handled in a number of ways if you don't assume that this would be a private bitcoin block chain.  
This also assumes that the mining mechanic (SHA-POW, SCRYPT-POW, etc) is something where the chinese miners can leverage existing investments and for all we know it could mine via a token ring. 
Lastly, it assumes that a private blockchain shares the same inability to rollback that a public blockchain has.  A multi-day rollback on any blockchain due to sudden overwhelming hash power would be pretty obvious tampering, but you have no easy path to restoring an untampered state in a public chain as that would require near 100% consensus of miners nodes wallets etc. A private chain would belong to an organization or collective that would still have governance and thus a path to "forcing" restitution for major tampering.  Sure, you may be able to get away with minor tampering that the other parties will remain unaware of but, by definition, that would fall into the "normal number of confirmations" required to trust.
@_date: 2015-10-29 13:31:31
Hey look an article: 
Also consolidation is awesome (go here): 
@_date: 2015-11-13 19:21:58
By the same token, you have no objection to fiat other than, it is hard to issue fiat without abusing the power that may be derived from that ability.  Tyranny is not a quality of the currency itself, just as being hard to secure Bitcoin not a quality of Bitcoin.  I suggest that there is a strong correlation between Bitcoin and these problems, just as you suggest that there is a strong correlation between fiat and tyranny. 
Also, Not everyone draws an equivalence between taxation and "the threat of violence is used to force someone to give over property to another individual or group of individuals". For me, that is, at most, an ad absurdum argument. 
@_date: 2015-10-29 19:52:11
You can have a private blockchain with exclusive membership where there is no trust and secure information ordering and/or exchange is important.  In that case, the mining incentive is not based around financial awards, but around the value of the ledger immutability.  You would mine blocks to bury "transactions" so you could trust that the information published in the ledger by your untrusted counter-party is past the point of malleability or revocability (likewise they would have an equivalent assurance regarding your claims).
@_date: 2015-11-13 22:26:55
Before I produce a short incomplete highlight list, from my perspective your question is like asking how fruits are different from sports equipment.  Sure, there is a small subset of both which strongly resemble each other (oranges and basketballs perhaps), but this does not warrant the claim that all fruits are sports equipment.
With that being said, I will concede that sometimes they are very similar but even then I would liken it more to extortion rather than theft.  Theft is when you take ownership of property without the consent of the current owner.  Extortion is when someone cedes property because not doing so would result in something worse than the loss.  That seems to be the situation you present, where a representative of the state effectively compels tax payment by threatening incarceration or violence.  I suppose there is an alternative scenario where wages are garnished which is more like theft.  
I call that ad absurdum because it is an appeal to the extreme scenario.  In those cases, normal society has broken down between the parties and who is "right" and "wrong" is a matter of opinion.  For instance, If I respond to someone shooting my friend by taking away their gun by force, is that theft?  It sure is from perspective of the person who no longer has their gun, but I would wager that normal society would not view them as the victim. 
On to forms of taxation that are not theft:
If a community elects to impose a sales tax in a geographic area in order to fund common area improvement projects in that area, then at *least* the people who voted "yay" to the tax are not being stolen from.  They volunteered to pay more to fund these projects.   Thus not ALL tax is theft.  This simple example expands when you start allowing people to accept indirect benefits like "I will accept your tax district if you accept mine", now we have some directly volunteered taxes and some taxes in trade for other benefits.  Neither of these is compelled by violence.  The are compelled by mutual benefits.   
Yes, the modern tax structure is overburdened, hard to follow and not completely motivated by common good.  Corruption exists, but it is simply not enough to lump ALL taxes into theft.
