@_author: wankelberg2
@_date: 2015-01-04 00:56:23
I've said it before and I'll say it again:
Who do white supremacists hate most? Not non-whites, but white 'race traitors'
Who do Islamic fundamentalists hate most? Not ordinary unbelievers, but apostates (those who give up their muslim faith)
With Bitcoiners, it's the 'weak hands' they hate most - and they spare no opportunity to openly mock them. The people who they goaded into this pyramid scheme are the ones they are most willing to turn against. That's why my advice to Bitcoiners is this: When times get tough, don't expect any sympathy from your fellow Bitcoiners - because they will be the first to turn on you to save themselves.
@_date: 2015-01-03 22:46:13
I'm quite sure I know exactly what you mean, but we are not cut of the same cloth and I do not think what you desire is feasible anyway.
For instance, I have no qualms about 'hateful' or 'offensive' speech because it does not impair me, but let me ask you this: Who is fit to determine what is 'offensive' and what is not? I find Bitcoin offensive, so does that mean there would be no defending of Bitcoin in your subreddit? What constitutes 'offense' or 'hate' is subjective and therefore no one is reasonably capable of determining what one ought to allowed to read and what one ought not be allowed to read
I'm glad that you have said you take a look at the essay I mentioned, and hope you do in fact read it, because it will present you with a compelling argument I think as to why disagreeable speech - be it 'offensive', 'hateful', or even provably untrue - is actually beneficial to voice and listen to.
Consider this example: There is a known fool in the city square who is ranting to his annoyed but captive public audience that the world is not in fact round, but flat. Should this man be censored? By some he is seen as disagreeable. Others see him as wasting the time of others. Others think that he should be shut up because what he says is untrue. Others say that the majority have spoken, and this single fool should be silenced. - and yet this fool *should* be allowed to speak, because even if he is completely wrong, his words may give us just the motivation we need to reflect upon that which we may not have considered before, such as the question 'Come to think of it, how do I actually know the Earth is round? I've always taken it for granted, but can I prove it to myself and others, including this fool?'. Hence why even the most seemingly excessive and useless of speech is inherently useful and valuable.
@_date: 2015-01-04 00:42:18
My personal hunch is that what happened in mid 2011 was actually the first work of the Willy bot (or it's ancestor), which we have the proof for in late 2012 and 2013 but not before then.
I haven't seen anyone else suggest this, but to me it makes perfect sense, especially considering that Mark Karpeles didn't come in til the 6th of March 2011. What a coincidence that just after he came in, the bubble started!
Keep in mind that Karpeles was a convicted fraudster *in absentia* before then..
I think a lot of people probably don't know that Mark Karpeles did not in fact start MtGox, or own it when it started exchanging Bitcoin in 2010. The founder and owner in 2010 was Jeb Celeb, who sold it to Karpeles for an undisclosed sum in 2011.
From an old post of mine (on a different account) I just looked up:




@_date: 2015-01-03 22:17:13
[Just got banned]( for posting this, so I'll repost it again:
Bitcoiners should really read John Stuart Mill's essay 'On Liberty', in particular the section 'Of the liberty of thought and discussion'
They might learn a thing or two about the benefits of free speech for ALL readers/listeners, even if what is said is in actual fact untrue or disagreeable for any other reason.
I'm not a Bitcoin bagHODLer, and feel no need to defend myself against such people by claiming I am one of them, but I will say for myself that I have always believed firmly in the value of liberty - it is with sadness then that I have to view these wankers who claim to be on the side of 'freedom' and the like, who nonetheless strive as strenuously as they can to censor that which they find disagreeable, or delegate the authority to someone else (i.e. a moderator) to decide what they should and shouldn't be allowed to read and censor the opinions of others for them.
One of the main reasons why even if I could look past Bitcoin's irrevocable flaws, I still wouldn't lend my support to it because that would be an endorsement of and leg up to its community.
@_date: 2015-01-04 00:20:29
From what I've heard/read (though i haven't investigated myself), Bitpay got rid of their % fee, but instead hid it in the spread. So they do charge a certain percentage, they just don't tell you about it.
But if that's not the case, then you're right - we could have ourselves another Neo&amp;Bee in the making.