@_author: wanna_be_doc
@_date: 2017-12-22 15:06:55
I just hate seeing people get burned.  Nothing about the dynamic of Bitcoin has changed since 2012.  It was fundamentally the same story then as it will be next year.
And my money is doing just fine.  In the real financial world, markets are up 20% this year in the longest bull market in decades, none of my stocks lose 50% of their value in twelve hours, and I’m diversified in index funds and well-managed funds so that even if the market corrects in the next year, I’m not going to lose sleep.  I’m sure as hell not looking at price charts constantly every day.  That’s what separates a legitimate investment from a scam.
@_date: 2017-12-22 14:35:46
Lol...”Real information”.  About the predicted price of Bitcoin?  There is no real world analytical information that can be used to predict the future Bitcoin price and anyone claiming to know how the market is going to swing is talking out of their ass.
The majority of Bitcoin investors and everyone on this sub and the web saying “hodl” treat Bitcoin like an asset.  “Everyone hold onto it because one day, it’s going to become this wide use currency that’s used by the general public and then everyone holding onto it now will be rich.”  But how exactly does Bitcoin become a wide-use currency if the majority of people who own it never spend it?  The idea that it’s a currency and the idea that it’s an asset are contradictory.  And if it’s not a currency, then it has no reason to exist.
Bitcoin is a giant pump-and-dump scheme that can’t be killed.  Anyone in the black would be smart just to get out now.  Take your gambling winnings and open a Vanguard account.  For those that have lost money, then hopefully this is just a slightly painful life lesson to learn.  I’ve followed Bitcoin for years, including the last time the bubble popped in 2012/2013.  It’s the same story now as it was then.
People taking about “analytics” and “price charts” want to give Bitcoin the veneer of legitimacy, but in all honesty this thing could crash down to $50 a coin (or less) just as easily as it could go to $20k.  Nothing about it’s price is based remotely on anything “real”.  
People just need to cut their losses and sell.  People hoping for the price to get back to where they bought in may luck out.  However, each time this bubble inflates and pops, the wider investing public becomes more aware of Bitcoin’s true nature (a pump and dump).  And thus they’re *less* likely to buy in the next time.  And now some folks on Wall Street is getting burned on it, so the institutional money is going to stay away as well (or they’ll just short it because they know there are plenty of suckers on Main Street that they can take for a ride).
@_date: 2017-12-25 06:33:55
I’m obviously not a fan of BTC, but just have to say: Congrats on your gains.  Whatever happens, you’ve won.  Don’t look back.
@_date: 2017-12-22 21:28:54
What loss?  I don’t have any money in Bitcoin.  Today is exactly the same situation that happened five years ago.  And there were posts on this sub counseling people against suicide as well.
I’m not long on Bitcoin.  I’m not short on Bitcoin.  I’m not in Bitcoin at all because there are *absolutely no real analytics* to make any guess where it’s price will be.  It might even be worse than playing the lotto, because at least with the lotto I have odds on how piss poor my chances of winning are based on how many people buy tickets.
Bitcoin makes me angry, because if people want to invest, there’s plenty of money to be made in legitimate investments.  It’s a bull market and it’s not rocket science.  And the whole stock market has had consistent returns for the last decades.  You’ll make money if you’re diversified and you’re long.  Either sign up for your employer’s 401k or go to Vanguard and open an IRA.  You can even deduct something like $5000 from your tax bill.  Pick a few index funds or managed funds with low management fees.  And forget about your money.
Everyone thinks they’re Warren Buffett.  Well they’re not.  Mostly because Warren Buffett wouldn’t touch something like Bitcoin with a hundred foot pole.
@_date: 2018-02-06 16:56:31
BUT STOCKS ARE GOING TO COLLAPSE ONE DAY!!!  And it’s going to be the end of fiat currency and the US government!!!  Any day now!  And then the rich will get what’s coming to them and we- the investors in crypto- will take their place.
We can’t be the ones who were duped... /s
Meanwhile, those of us in 401k plans are probably at least up 20% in the last 15 months.  I’m not looking at the DJA or S&amp;P average every ten minutes, because I’m not worried about my index funds losing half their value in a matter of hours.  Even this week’s correction isn’t anything concerning since it can be explained by the tighter labor market and increasing wages (which should ultimately increase spending and help stocks long term).  And more immediately, regardless of what you think about the morality of the GOP tax plan, it’s going to most likely lead to stock buybacks.  So people who own stock or mutual funds will make even more money in the immediate future.
I wish people heavily invested in Bitcoin would see it for what it is.  You’re not Warren Buffet making the investment of the century.  You’re the guy on the other end of the phone talking to Leonardo DeCaprio’s character in “The Wolf of Wall Street”.  It sucks to lose a lot of money, but you can cut your losses and open a legitimate fund with a company like Vanguard or Fidelity and have them do the work for you.  You’ll make money.  Just invest and leave it alone for the most part.
And for the record, otherwise smart people can make poor financial decisions as well.  I’m a non-traditional medical student.  I think I’m fairly intelligent as far as science/medicine goes.  I work with very smart doctors.  My lunch break was spent yesterday hearing them bemoan the crash in Bitcoin because they’d thrown some fun money at it.  I didn’t have the same problem because I realized a long time ago that intelligence in one field (e.g. medicine) doesn’t equal intelligence in all fields (e.g. investing).  Let other people manage your money.  Then you can retire on schedule and have a comfortable retirement.  Don’t try to play the lottery.  Bitcoin investing is gambling.  Plain and simple.
@_date: 2018-12-13 19:57:26
Or you’ll realize that not all investments are perpetual cycles of boom-and-bust and some investments do in fact become worthless.
And then you’ll just feel regret. 
@_date: 2018-12-14 00:21:45
The difference between past boom-and-bust cycles in the last one in January was that investors reportedly lost $700 billion because of increased market cap.
Bitcoin is a wildly speculative investment.  And it relies on new investors (or suckers depending on your view) in order to run up the price due to FOMO.  However, it’s just as likely that since the losses were much larger in the last cycle, that they touched a lot more investors or people they know, and since all this was covered quite dramatically in the mainstream media...that this will make Bitcoin a toxic asset in the mind of the public.  Bitcoin has been treated with derision by Joe Schmmo since February...long before the current price woes.
You may see this as a natural cycle and no reason to worry.  I wonder how an investment that supposedly has “strong” fundamentals and “good” projections for future growth can be so unstable a decade after it’s introduction (especially when it’s supposedly becoming “more accepted”).  You see future growth.  I see the most resilient “pump-and-dump” operation in recent memory.  And considering something like 40% of all Bitcoin mined is held by “whales” who mined in the earliest days...these are the ones who actually stand to profit as they slowly sell off their current coin each day while the plebs on this sub support the price with constant cries of “HODL” and “BUY MORE”.
But Bitcoin can’t exist in it’s own little contained ecosystem forever.  Most miners are now large operations and they’re now having to pay their electric bills, property taxes, and loans used to grow their operations during the last boom.  And they’re paying these bills with real dollars (i.e. “worthless fiat”).  And if this current slump continues for some time, you may see them depressing prices as they need to meet their bills.  Will they still find as many willing buyers if the price falls to $1700...$800...$500?
@_date: 2018-12-12 04:16:02
Genuine adoption as a currency would also imply that Bitcoin has a relatively stable rate of exchange.  The last week or so where the price has moved within a narrow trading band would actually be ideal if Bitcoin were actually a currency.
But Bitcoin isn’t really a currency.  HODLers really see it as an investment.  But if it’s not being used as a currency, then it’s actual value as an asset is negligible.
Wall Street is mostly done with Bitcoin.  The SEC and Chinese authorities also weren’t too pleased with irrational exuberance and massive bubble at the beginning of the year, and will seek to regulate it in the future.  And so many “regular Joe” investors got burned on the most recent bubble (or saw their friends get burned) that they’re not ever coming back.
So this leaves Bitcoin’s price largely dependent on the cost it takes to mine it.  And those miners need to offload their newly-mined coins as quickly as possible for that “useless fiat” to pay for real electricity bills.  And as long as bitcoin mining produces negative returns or minescule profits, miners are in serious trouble because they still need to pay for 1) electricity, 2) property taxes on the mining farms, and 3) loans they might have taken from banks to rapidly expand and mine at scale.  I think even if the difficulty of mining a block decreases as more miners go offline, the above three fixed costs could lead to terminal decline in the mining industry (and ultimately lead to further drops in price per coin).
@_date: 2018-12-14 03:26:56
You still have costs besides electricity.  Even with difficulty adjustments downward, most miners still need bitcoin’s price to be well above it’s current price to keep the business profitable.  Property taxes won’t stop on a mining farm just because Bitcoin is in a rut.  Nor will loan payments on a mining operation that took out a couple hundred thousand to buy the newest ASIC miners.
Prolonged periods of no or low profitability can kill the industry.
@_date: 2018-12-12 04:46:07


Warren Buffet doesn’t buy Bitcoin.
Not all investments go in perpetual cyclical cycles of boom-and-bust.  Some eventually go bust permanently.  And smart investors don’t just look at a chart and try to predict when it will bottom out or rebound.  When they experience a loss, they re-examine the fundamental assumptions they made initially to see if they’re still valid.  And it’s sometimes the case that those assumptions were wrong, and you just need to cut your losses.  And that leads us back to another important point...
Warren Buffett doesn’t buy Bitcoin.
