@_author: wannabejourno
@_date: 2014-03-03 21:33:14
I'm sorry man, but this is the type of attitude that makes Bitcoin so unapproachable and at times laughable to the outside world. 
It's all well and good that you "get it" and that lots of people "don't get it," but you offer literally no counter-argument to the overwhelming proof that he's arguably one of the smartest and bubble-proof investors of all time. 
Instead you remind us that his shit falls with gravitational pull, because that reminds us that he...I'm not sure actually. What does your shit do, and how does it's direction influence your ability to understand macro-economics? 
@_date: 2014-03-03 21:29:32
I'm sorry, but anyone who claims to be smarter than WB or that thinks his opinions are welcome to post their portfolio's success so we can compare. 
Jesus Christ...has this sub's cockiness gotten to the point where people think that Warren Fucking Buffett is LOL-old-guard?
@_date: 2014-04-04 00:07:13
Save your marriage and don't lose everything? 
I get " " Bitcoin, but I don't get the current crop of people that see it as a revolutionary worthy of personal sacrifice. Whether or not Bitcoin succeeds is sort of moot, and in my opinion not worth the loss of friends/relationships/etc. Money is money, and if there is a more satisfying form of money that allows you to lose as you'd like, stick with it for the time being. 
Sorry to not have a specific answer, but I felt compelled to say this...
@_date: 2014-03-14 18:35:33
Yeah but it's not including the magical Bitcoin variable where merchants will offer that 2% discount because of their moral and ethical need to help spread an obscure digital currency that makes no sense to them. 
I've mentioned this point countless times and nobody seems to have the argument against it. Stores don't charge less for cash (unless they're dodgy places that will take less for cash off the books), and I don't see how Bitcoin will do this. 
Merchant fees are part of the pricing, so isn't it more realistic to say that the average merchant fee between all forms of payment ($0 for cash, 2.5% for Visa, whatever etc etc) is what to expect? 
NOTE - not really too well book learneded on business finance, it just seems like common sense. 
@_date: 2014-03-14 22:17:57
Can you give me an example of a merchant doing this, or of any reputable vendor offering to sell a product for 2% less if paid for in cash? 
If the merchant saved 2%, they COULD. Overstock.com isn't saving anything, as they pay Coinbase a merchant fee just like Visa. Even if they weren't I doubt anyone is planning on having 2-3 prices for 1 item depending on how you pay. 
Let me rephrase - a lot of what I see as frustrating optimism is really just repeating idealistic benefits Bitcoin potentially offers that aren't likely or practical....this is good example.  
@_date: 2014-03-03 22:59:56
Would rather buttfuck an old-guard proven billionaire than a new-guard Bitcoin millionaire tbh. 
My dick will remain firmly in his ass, bro, until somebody else presents a more enticing one.
@_date: 2014-01-06 19:46:32
Serious - where can you use/trade/spend Bitcoins more easily than the accepted local currency or dollars? Using an exchange with Bitcoins and selling them through sites like LBC is far, far more complicated than using whatever currency banks in the area give/take/use. 
@_date: 2014-03-06 22:26:44
I didn't realize people looked like Asperger's...I'll have to look up visual cues and answer later. 
@_date: 2014-03-01 06:33:42
First, my answer - 1000% return on $500, which I'm still very fine with to this day. FWIW - the lowest amount I ever considered "investing" in Bitcoin was $100, with the highest amount being $15,000. Haven't lost any sleep about "playing it safe." 
Second - just want to thank you for asking this question and getting it to the Bitcoin sub's front page....my opinion is that some of extreme optimism actually deters neutrals as much as the vocally pessimistic crowd. 
@_date: 2014-03-13 21:34:44
While he's obviously not asking in the most polite way possible, the attitude of "well if you don't get Bitcoin or don't see how it's way better than (whatever) it's your loss, leave us alone" is EXACTLY why so many people find it unapproachable. 
Everyone I know who is tech-savvy but not "in to Bitcoin" usually asks questions that touch on these same points. From a merchant and consumer standpoint I don't see Bitcoin as anything more than a gimmick/promotional opportunity for struggling brands (aka Overstock). Be honest - none of you cared about Overstock until they started accepting Bitcoin, and if they hadn't you still wouldn't. 
I'm very, very interested in hearing how Bitcoin will go from its current state to a widely-accepted, super consumer-friendly payment form rivaling cash/credit/debit. Blockchain needs no selling; I can see it in several game-changing applications. Bitcoin....not so much. 
If any of the above is something you disagree with, I'm more than interested in hearing why.
@_date: 2014-03-01 06:08:53
Is this somehow meant to make Bitcoin's state of affairs seem less than ridiculous?
Sure - the story in the link is astounding, but they have all types of established channels of enforcement, accountability, and protocol as they "find" what's missing. 
Bitcoin has a reluctant, TBD body deciding what (if anything) to do about a random guy's unexplained loss of $300 million dollars of OPM. Assuming he lost it, which says even more about how transparent things to come will be. 
@_date: 2014-01-07 19:31:37
Right, but that's a single transaction. Not 24/7/365 retail transactions ranging from $10 to $1000 (or more). 
If we go with 1000 transactions a day (conservative), that's 42 an hour that need to be converted to fiat. Based on yesterday, I could have bought a huge flat screen while BTC was at $1k and left Overstock holding my Bitcoin at $800 hours later. 
Again, if they have an 24/7/365 instant cash-out system for every transaction (regardless of size), this wouldn't be an issue, but I can't see anyone that would agree to take on that responsibility for Overstock. 
Immediately putting it in to a BTC-E type exchange is about as close as you could get to real-time, but given the lack of a single, objective value...it gets messy. Where do you determine what the exact price of an item is in BTC, given the lack of a single definitive source? Wouldn't the only people buying with Bitcoin be doing so because the current value is above their original exchange rate? 
No matter how I look at it, the simple truth seems to be clear - any company accepting Bitcoin is more or less gambling on a way to generate higher profit margins. That, and the hope that business comes their way for being cool, early-adopters of the Bitcoin trend. 
Shareholders don't want their company holding tons of Bitcoins instead of dollars/euros/pounds/etc, and converting the Bitcoins back to those currencies is a totally imprecise process at best. It's the reason digital currency has never really worked, and likely won't work without several more major tweaks. 
In its current form, you have to pay a fee to change dollars in to Bitcoins, and the vendor has to pay to change your Bitcoins back to dollars. If Bitcoins were usable for business expenses, I could see the argument for trying it...but they don't. 
I'm still just not sold on this being a smart business move; anyone huge on Bitcoin will likely disagree, but it just doesn't work. The only way it COULD work is if the company is willing to accept Bitcoin as a probable loss-leader in the hope that the pro-Bitcoin community gives them additional business. 
@_date: 2014-03-06 22:49:22
That video, compared to the Newsweek article's findings and the description of his behavior by the early coders that worked with him, does nothing. 
He's the guy - unless there is something that is far, far, far more damning (and I'm not sure what else could be), I'm inclined to believe that the vocally-libertarian with decades of related work in mathematics, a strange similarity to something that would work in a semi-obscure but known government environment, and his own family members implying he almost definitely is the guy but won't ever cop to it.....I'm going to go with that being the guy.
Find me another person with the actual name on the document and a more compelling argument for it and I'm all ears. 
Part of me just thinks it's people upset that A. he was outed and isn't what people wanted, and B. he was as easy to find as Googling the name but filtering out Bitcoin related content and looking around for math and engineering connections. 
@_date: 2014-03-13 17:53:59
Please god let this stay up on the front page long enough to get actual discussion or conversation about it. 
@_date: 2014-03-07 21:48:26
I had the same opinion as you, but once I was shown examples of what he was talking about (written by people that are Satoshi's age and in the world of old-school professionalism)...it made it possible. 
After re-reading what he said, the degrading mental faculties post-stroke and probable heavy medication he's on could make it more than possible. 
How many people have seen gibberish written by people that are fucked up? My roommate is an English + History teacher and his botches in grammar and spelling make me worry for the next generation of students. Enough on that point though...agree to disagree, and until recently would have said that it was the dumbest argument ever. 
At the end of the day, the article simply points out the obvious truth of what's been revealed:
Dorian Satoshi Nakamoto either IS the Bitcoin creator, or is NOT the Bitcoin creator. All that your belief does is change which set of ludicrous circumstances you find to be more likely....
For me it's harder to believe that the person Newsweek found is not the guy, as it's not likely that the mountain of evidence is just a countless number of unlucky coincidences. 
Denial was what everyone expected, including his own family, and at this point finding a fall guy or attempting the "you think I'm fucking stupid enough to do all this under my real name, with my work history and qualifications?" thing. 
I can also see one of the super-early adopters who is unknown and probably the subject of thousands of pages about why he/she could be Satoshi might volunteer for the job too, which I'm sure he'd happily give up to avoid people in his train station. 
@_date: 2014-03-07 15:28:24
Why is this not getting upvoted more? It's by far the best rational analysis of the facts by a credible (or at least "large" if you don't like Reuters) news agency. 
To me it's impossible for this guy to exist; who fits the psych profile like it was written about him, bears the same name, and worked on classified government/military projects that are a stone's throw from Bitcoin.....and NOT be the creator of Bitcoin. 
An SEO guy at my office found this cat by within 5-10 minutes by searching for his name with all bitcoin content filtered out and going from there. Not sure what his exact methodology was, but he used no knowledge of the train hobby and nothing besides Satoshi Nakamoto. Believe he assumed (correctly) he was looking for an older, retired engineer among other things.
EDIT - with all things considered, this is what sells me:
“I am no longer involved in that and I cannot discuss it,” he says, dismissing all further queries with a swat of his left hand. “It’s been turned over to other people. They are in charge of it now. I no longer have any connection.”
His brother admits the guy is a recluse and an asshole in person, not necessarily on purpose, and that he'd never admit to inventing bitcoin. If this was a random blog, or something that isn't quite as accountability for flat out lying or misquoting as Newsweek, I'd give the odds it was made up 50%. The Newsweek relaunch issue's cover story? &lt;5% chance she's lying or bullshtting about him saying that. 
The simple answer is what seems to be the only one that rings true - a somewhat mentally unbalanced older guy (brilliant, but erratic) who hasn't used the name Satoshi Nakamoto in decades writes Bitcoin.pdf. Putting aside the obvious and seemingly under-represented explanation for his random swings in proper grammar and typos (see below), everything about the guy points to him becoming more and more of a secretive recluse losing touch with the outside world. Bitcoin became huge, and whether it was made while he was working for the CIA/FBI, or whether he's afraid of them coming after him because criminals use it doesn't matter (they won't, but a paranoid person doesn't know that).
Safe bet that the US Feds have known that their former employee made Bitcoin and always have, but that's a different debate. 
To end this rant, his stroke probably caused some serious damage to mental state which explains his lack of interest and involvement, and possibly much more than that. 
**The whole "how can he make so many typos but write Bitcoin.PDF?" - from a brother who speaks Japanese and Chinese: 
"It's hard to explain, but there are often times highly intelligent, older Asian-born English speakers who will slip from slang/informal terms to overly formal for several reasons (effort, lack of modern understanding of which tones are appropriate in what contexts, etc)" 
He by no means is saying that anyone who is ESL and Asian-first language and old will type poorly...but he's shown me examples of his fiancee's parents emails, a doctor and a VP-levlel businessman at a worldwide corporation, and they randomly read like Satoshi's typo-riddled "impossibly bad" posts. 
BEFORE I GET REAMED, think of it this way...I speak Spanish, so I can only use that in my analogy. Spanish has different conjugations and pronouns (among other things) that are used based on your relationship....most common example is "tu" and "Usted" - if you're my friend/peer/non-senior person with formality, I'd use "tu," and "Usted" with my super strict boss and my girlfriend's parents. 
Japanese has, I believe, 6 or 8 levels of formality structure, so given his "everybody is so fucking dumb," it's not a stretch at all for him to just put in no effort when writing shit that "doesn't matter."
@_date: 2014-03-01 06:13:54
This is probably the best satirical headline I've seen about Bitcoin. Well done...less it more it seems. 
@_date: 2014-01-06 19:19:34
Good points on both sides of this discussion, but I have to agree with the following general sentiment: 
1. 1% of the possible shoppers understanding Bitcoin would be optimistic. 
2. Companies like these accepting Bitcoin for retail goods will create an accounting/revenue NIGHTMARE due to the insane volatility of BTC. 
Plus - how does Overstock or Zynga "cash out" their newfound BTC pile? Serious question - would they just include BTC wallets in their quarterly earnings, and if so, how would shareholders respond (or value them)? 
3. Put bluntly, the knick-knack stores and companies taking Bitcoin are primarily just novelties held up by the BTC community (socks being a good example). It's great that they get support/purchases from the community, but who was looking for alpaca socks before they were BTC-friendly?
The worst part of all this is how exploitable these companies could become if they sell consumer electronics and high-end retail stuff for BTC. Unless I'm just missing something here, it's a death wish for somebody like Overstock.com to accept payment in a currency that sees 30% swings across hours as normal. 
@_date: 2014-03-01 05:59:07
Why would they? Here is, what I hope, is the most blunt and unfortunate statement about Bitcoin and MtGox:
* Lots of people figured they could handle facilitating a scam based around an anonymous, unregulated eGold (to the tune of a million bucks if lucky). 
* Lots of people are realizing that fronting a scam based around a semi-anonymous, increasingly regulated eGold (to the tune of hundreds of millions) is far beyond their skill sets. 
Bitcoin is an interesting idea that will likely be done successfully within our lifetimes, but MtGox is just the beginning of the end. And it's going to be Mr. Toad's Wild Fucking Ride. 
EDIT - I'm not a Bitcoin hater or shill; this is just an opinion based on observations and continually taking a huge, huge step back to look at things with a skeptical eye. 
@_date: 2014-04-04 00:36:24
Good sir, are you implying that by helping other people you may also benefit? Financially?
The only sacrifice worth posting about here is self-sacrifce - nobody likes a bunch of rich people counting their Bitcons.
TL;DR - good post
@_date: 2014-02-27 14:49:30
The OP and first comment are dead on...it absolutely amazes me that so many people seem shocked or surprised that a completely unregulated, decentralized anonymous currency ended up with theft, insider trading, and the shady elements you should EXPECT from its very nature. 
Complaining about Gox or any other ripoff in the world of Bitcoin is on par with going to an illegal mafia casino and being surprised that the roulette wheel isn't on the up and up, or that they kick you and take your money after you card count. 
As much as I respect people with such an optimistic set of ideals, the Bitcoin community needs to wake up and stop pretending like it's already in some state of legitimacy or acceptable that it's actually light years away from. 
@_date: 2014-01-06 19:34:34
This is not true, as I have "touched" Bitcoin and I am not putting in effort to making it succeed. I suspect that a VERY large amount of BTC holders/buyers are also like me, in that they only care if they profit from it when all is said and done. 
Hopefully this doesn't sound too evil, but my only interest in Bitcoin is to sell while I'm ahead. I bought for $100 and sold at $1000, sans a small amount of "long-term" coins. 
Unless I'm horribly, horribly out of touch with the world, only a fraction of a fraction of the population is putting in effort to ensure Bitcoin's success (however you define it). 
@_date: 2014-03-01 23:06:10
Well done OP...I'm right there with you. Hopefully somebody creates a new coin that is valued on all "temporarily lost" Bitcoin, allowing us to invest in these temporary lacks of resilience. 
Between the username and satirical headline, isn't anyone else recognizing that this is classic trolling?
Giddy? Resilience?
@_date: 2014-04-04 00:24:04
The discussion I haven't seen yet (that I'd like to) is the one where the middle class acknowledges that the upper class/corporations are trusted with (and fiscally responsible for) emerging technology and market trends. 
Put VERY simply, we in the middle class expect and demand advances in everything we can't personally afford to advance ourselves...this leads to those with the income or resources making significant amounts of high risk investments (or spending a lot to calculate their risks). When is the fastest computer processor coming out? Don't know, but I bet Intel footed all of the development costs because the end product makes it all back and then some. 
Bitcoin is currently in a state where it's best left to spec investors or corporations that have experience planning in 5 10, 15 year cycles. Somehow the gung-ho enthusiasm (or maybe the best "rags to riches" get rich quick sales pitch) has bled over in to a demographic that can't afford to play. If Bitcoin succeeds in the way that the pro-Bitcoin crowd seem to expect, we are still VERY high up in the adoption chain. If it fails in the way the anti-Bitcoin crowd seem to expect, you've lost $10k at the most.
And all of that is fine - I also don't understand the frequent negativity about calling things as they are; Bitcoin and the NYSE are not the poor man's game, and pointing this out shouldn't be a bad thing. 
@_date: 2014-01-07 02:18:05
Through what means do they convert to fiat? BTC-E? LocalBitCoins? In theory that's obviously what they'd do, but I'm asking about the practice. They'd need to have instant conversion or a static price buyer for all transactions, or the exchange rate could change dramatically by the time they convert. 
Where, right now, can a corporation like Overstock cash out hundreds or thousands of BTC micro-transactions, daily, for fiat in a manner that doesn't expose themselves to risk? 
It sounds good when speaking in general terms, but I'd love to hear someone in corporate accounting answer this. Accepting variable-rate digital currency in lieu of fiat currency (that needs to be converted to said fiat and thus incurs exchange fees) seems redundant and not practical at all in a massive retail setting.
@_date: 2014-03-01 23:55:14
Didn't say that you did..this just doesn't read like something "organic" - if it is, apologies:
Holy Crap! Austin, TX Food Bank is accepting Bitcoin via Bitcoin AND it seems that BitPay is covering all the conversion fees?!?! SO COOL!
In all my time, I've never seen someone write with caps and "!?!?!" that was being serious. My point was just that I clicked on this thread expecting something satirical or sarcastic. For a good cause, the thread title might deter people tired of actual satire or sarcasm. 
@_date: 2014-02-27 14:38:48
Yes...as badly as everyone may feel right now, Bitcoin is a decentralized "no rules" digital currency. 
Insider trading, government manipulation, hacking, all of it is technically "fair game" and should be expected. This goes with the territory and shouldn't surprise anyone. 
@_date: 2014-03-06 22:25:10
I'll have to assume that some very, very obvious connections and Newsweek isn't going to make that claim without having very, very carefully thought about it. 
Best link with information and maybe sources indicating that the namesake creator whose profile matches "Satoshi" extremely well is, in fact, NOT the creator? 
Either way, dude is scared as fuck and getting chased around LA. 
@_date: 2014-03-01 23:14:29
Wait...this wasn't an attempt at satire via over-the-top optimism and shilling? 
Not that donating money to food banks isn't a good thing; it is, and I've done it. But this headline reads like a very poor attempt at "subtle" PR work common on Reddit - intentionally poor. 
Just in case that wasn't the intention, some feedback on the PR verbiage. 
@_date: 2014-03-03 21:52:44
He is more or less stating that he doesn't, and the implication there is that he doesn't want to invest in it because of that reason. 
I'm just pointing out that there isn't really a clear counter-argument explaining the potential of Bitcoin coming from you (or anyone) that is extremely convincing. This is coming from someone who understands the architecture of Bitcoin (and more importantly Blockchain, which I believe will be the long-term leftover from Bitcoin). 
Rather than saying that you vehemently disagree and calling him whatever shit-analogy you come up first, explain why he's wrong and convince other people at the same time. 
The BTC community is FULL of "well that anti-BTC standpoint is fucking stupid" rhetoric and almost no "here's why the pro-BTC standpoint is fucking smart" rhetoric. It's just a lot of hating followed by vague statements implying that BTC is all good.