@_author: waragnarok
@_date: 2019-01-31 22:16:59
Negative - but I did play other FPS - TF1&amp;2, CS (even back to beta)
A few other things like Starcraft and Diablo1-3
Edit: added
@_date: 2019-01-31 22:18:57
Fair enough, as a Crypto enthusiast I immediately think of tokenization as decentralization.  Old habits die hard.
@_date: 2019-01-31 19:17:14
I think we're saying the same things in different ways.  
Wall Street lobbies against any regulation that isn't good for Wall Street...  This is literally why we have the entire derivatives market... so Wall street lobbies hardcore to keep the government from restricting their gambling on derivatives...   
This tokenization will be no different, "if" it were to happen, it would only be done in a way that benefits wall street, or they'll lobby against it and ensure it doesn't actually happen.  
@_date: 2019-01-29 12:29:24
As the owner of the company, I'd like to reply because of the extreme nature of this post.
Firstly, I apologize for how the webinar comes across to you, as an above  average customer (Redditor).  I am attempting to market a product and there will be  hiccups in finding the right voice.  The current effort is a very well known method called The perfect webinar - popularized by world famous Russell Brunson (who holds a few records btw). I'm not marketing guru, so must try what I can to spread my message.
Second, there limitations to the ROI - chiefly liquidity.  The reality is that the gains possible always slow with bankroll size. While I can crush a 6-7 figure living, the mission of our company is to create a bot assisted trading dashboard with education wrapping to help you up your game. 
(To put that into real frame of reference - cryptohopper and 3commas combine near 100,000 subscribers at their peak, far more than a 7 figure living...)
Thirdly, I am an INTJ-A, which - if you'll take a few moments to read about - have uncontrollable urges to leave an impact on this planet.  This may sound funny to those who are not a related personality - but I enjoy helping people, and this is a stepping stone to something greater than me.
Actually - to put it bluntly - I have an education system that works for most situations - but if you've got millions, and liquidity is an issue, this system can't work for you.  
Now that I've pointed out the reality here - I am also putting in place the necessary backtesting(in private) to run the necessary testing on the forex currencies market - increased liquidity would raise my ceiling of income. 
My mission is to educate the average trader into someone successful, and more importantly, free - but I remind you that the system in this current market has limitations. You will struggle to find enough liquidity to break above low 6 figures even as a rock solid replica of peak Voodoo trader.
Future plans;
I am taking all of the revenue earned from helping others and putting it into the dashboard development - and finally - I will begin development on some disruptive blockchain concepts, such as the healthcare industry.
I appreciate your viewpoint - know that my entire server is actually nearly all from organic reddit - and the webinar was a new sort of test.
I would absolutely love if you help me find the right voice - as I believe that reddit is more skeptical than some random client.  I have been a Reddit lurker since I was a young teenager, and not only is this my favorite place to be ( I typically shun social media ) but I truly believe that I can help.
Not a marketer, just trying to learn from the successful ones.  I don't disagree with your viewpoint of the whole webinar thing - but it's made people 8 and 9 figures, I thought it was a worthy effort.
What would be an enticing approach for you?
Thank you so much for your input &amp; analysis, it's important to me to hear how more intellectual people view my company. 
@_date: 2019-01-31 18:07:56
Wall Street is generally in favor of very little regulation... To tokenize stocks is to bring a rigid structure of rules into the mix, which obviously makes sense to the consumer, but not necessarily to people who want to bend rules.
@_date: 2018-02-08 19:42:33
What is going to change in this new release?  I am unable to find any information about whats in this update.  Just want to edify myself.