@_author: warbane
@_date: 2013-04-01 02:50:46
Confirming what alkhdaniel said.
 
Something that I know confuses a lot of people with bitcoin is how transactions and wallets actually function. With bitcoin you never actually "possess" any of the coin in the same sense that you would with paper fiat  or gold. If you did, you would be able to duplicate it with ease. The decentralized "ledger" that is the blockchain is where bitcoins "actually" are.
 
You just have the private key that allows you to access an address that is publicly recorded in the blockchain ledger.
 
So, say, everyone can see that your address received funds from a transaction. Say you received 1.6BTC from one transaction and 0.7BTC from another. Now you want to sent 0.9BTC to someone else. You can't just send the bitcoins ambiguously from your pool of 2.3BTC total, the blockchain needs to know *specifically* which bitcoins you are sending. So, it will take your 1.6BTC and fork the blockchain, sending 0.9BTC to whomever you are sending them too, and sending the remaining 0.7BTC back to yourself.
 
You could also take parts of numerous chunks of received bitcoins and bundle them together to send, it doesn't matter. Clients handle all of this for you beneath the hood so it doesn't matter, really, if every user really knows what is happening. But, this is how it has to work for a ledger-based system (the blockchain) to function.
@_date: 2013-04-01 00:54:45
This gist of it is this: when you send bitcoin the ideal practice is to send all of the "change" from the transaction to a new address you own along with the primary transaction. Once an address goes down in the blockchain as a sending address its public key is on the ledger. I believe Satoshi was worried that in an age of quantum computing addresses with known public keys would be targets for attack.
 
I believe some clients handle this for you, automatically pushing your funds forward after each transaction while still monitoring the old address in case you're sent funds there. Not everyone is aware of this functionality, though, and it has created a number of issues from users who weren't aware of it. (E.g., see the current front page post about losing 90BTC.)
@_date: 2013-12-11 00:10:18
I wouldn't be surprised if there a good chunk of people with their Bitcoins spread over a few wallets like me, though.  
@_date: 2013-12-10 23:47:06
Haha, wow, if that's true then 3 of those people are me. I wouldn't have expected it to be so low either, especially on the lower end of the range. 