@_author: warnings
@_date: 2014-07-18 17:45:19
They never said not to challenge it but the attitudes here will never change anything because they only consist of "ignore the man, don't try to change the man." 
@_date: 2014-07-17 19:37:23


@_date: 2014-07-22 14:38:17
You never addressed that you go back and post entire paragraphs in your existing posts without explaining what you edited and after someone has responded. That is standard tact. The only reason you wouldn't do that would be to make those you disagree with look foolish.
Did you really think no one would notice you redacted and modifying your arguments after the fact? That's the kind of behavior you would likely claim government officials take part in. 
Lol there's nothing in my post history I'm ashamed of. Go ahead post it, in fact just to clear this up to the users you're counting on not checking the history and downvoting me on your word  here ya go.
Nice attempt at spin there O'Reilly.
@_date: 2014-07-22 14:49:26
Apparently that's how he rolls. If he can't win the argument with anti-whateverpisseshimoff rants he'll resort to threats of blackmail to control people. Pretty "statist" of him.
Redacting his own statements and changing what was said to improve his position after the fact then threatening someone if they attempt to do the same thing makes him exactly the kind of person he appears to hate so much.
It's funny how the most vocal opponents of something can turn out to be so similar to what their jimmies get all rustled over.
In the first 5 pages of his posts chrome's Find shows 10 * signifying edits to his actual posts. There are 3 mentions of the word "Edit" none of which are him. That's not the sign of someone who wants to debate by what are the generally accepted methods of post modification.
@_date: 2014-07-22 02:56:53
You haven't added one iota of value to any conversation on You just stir up controversy and encourage paranoia then condescend to anyone who disagrees with you. 
You've got snide comebacks and paragraphs to attempt to make your opponent look like an idiot or part of some grand conspiracy and you edit the shit out of your comments hours after the conversation has ended to get the last word for the record without once acknowledging you've made changes. 
You're a textbook case of butthurt basement dweller who can't win at shit in the real world so you pull out all the dirty tricks online to inflate your own sense of importance. 
@_date: 2015-05-30 14:54:29
Prepare for the downvotes. Most of the users of Bitcoin I've run into have a "fucking casuals" attitude about that demographic and have no desire to lower the barriers to entry. The developers of services will fix that but it's going to take time.