@_author: warpaul
@_date: 2015-11-11 21:03:12
Hi, I'm the co-founder and Head of Product at Hedgy. See my responses to your questions below.
- We require at least 30% deposit of the notional value in bitcoin (BTC) from each counterparty (ie: 2.0 BTC would need at least 0.6 BTC margin)
- We don't take custody of fiat, but your counterparty would directly wire you the $2,000, once you've delivered the 2.0 BTC to your multi-sig smart contract (in addition to the 0.6 BTC). We provide notifications when funding of BTC is delivered, but counterparties must independently verify delivery of fiat. 
- Smart contracts cannot be independently executed without at least 30% margin in BTC. If your counterparty were to fail to deliver the $2,000 wire transfer at contract expiry, then this would be a case of default in physical delivery. You would then request net settlement and the counterparty's margin (in BTC) would be awarded to you to make up for the change in the exchange rate. This method helps to reduce counterparty risk.
- If Hedgy goes under, then counterparties can use their mnemonic passphrase to settle their contract(s) independent of Hedgy.
Hope that answers your questions!
@_date: 2015-11-11 21:54:20
Hi, I'm the co-founder and Head of Product at Hedgy. In the future we plan to support that robust ecosystem of oracles and we completely agree that the elimination of centralized risk is the ultimate goal. Until then, we're taking on the responsibility as a TTP oracle to prove out use cases and set the industry standard. We'd definitely love your feedback.
@_date: 2015-11-12 23:38:46
Apologies for the delayed response. We've had a surge in interest the past 24hrs. 
- From our perspective, a zero-trust model is still an abstract. We've presented an intuitive TTP oracle service that is only used in the case of default (&lt; 10%), in which we use the XBX 2-HR TWAP as an independent reference rate to calculate settlement. The other 90% of the time the counterparties can settle independently. We hope this will help to make the case for using oracles in general (TTP or distributed). We believe there's a huge opportunity for TTP oracles in the future, but we also acknowledge that the TTP oracle model is not for everyone. Our target customers are mostly commercial / institutional clients, so the TTP model works for them.
- We're waiting for the market to create an appropriate system architecture for the robust ecosystem of (distributed) oracles. We're still supporters of the Codius project and like what Bitrated is doing (personally, I've been an Bitrated agent for the past several months). We're also very excited about OpenBazaar's proposed oracle service. We try to stay as informed as possible with the latest oracle projects and plan to support integration with those distributed models as best we can, especially if the demand is there. 
- Thanks. We started Hedgy based on first principles. To us, the forward contract represents that first principle with respect to OTC markets. As far as the product roadmap goes, we're currently working on an API that will help us listen to our users better. Bitcoin volatility is still a major problem and we believe we can help commercial entities solve that problem with smart contracts. Beyond bitcoin, we see a lot of opportunities to introduce the smart contract oracle method as a solution to counterparty risk in the FX and P2P lending markets.
- As far as other oracle entities goes for us to be measured against, I mentioned a few organizations above that have taken a more distributed approach. Our friends at Mirror now seem to also be working on a TTP oracle service for OTC trading. Again, we try to stay informed on market developments as best we can, but it's hard to keep track. Please let us know of any other companies/entities working on oracle projects that we haven't yet mentioned.
Appreciate the questions!
@_date: 2015-11-13 00:18:48
there's no central order book
@_date: 2015-11-12 23:53:17
With all do respect, I'm always skeptical when an individual speaks on behalf of an entire market. We've had conversations with several of the largest derivatives counterparties in the world that directly contradict your argument. BNY Mellon just released a report last month citing that collateral management is evolving to become one of the biggest (new) problems in the market. From our understanding, this is a result of new collateral requirements mixed with outdated technology. To your point, if institutions such as Lehman were properly collateralized, then 2008 would've been a non-event in the first place.   
@_date: 2015-11-11 21:06:13
Agreed. We're working on improving the way we explain everything. Appreciate the feedback.
@_date: 2015-12-19 17:30:31
Hi, I'm the Head of Product at Hedgy. We're working to iron out some of the kinks in the UX, so we appreciate the constructive feedback. The max contract length is definitely some we can fix right away. The contract reject button was left there from our main product and wasn't modified for the challenge. We'll fix that too and see what we can do about your contract WG8gGaBsT3WJ3JEYX. Thanks again for the help!
@_date: 2014-09-30 17:58:17
hey I'm one of the co-founders of Hedgy (featured in the article). we built a P2P (usually called Over-the-Counter or OTC in the financial world) derivatives market that's using multi-sig ;)
@_date: 2014-10-01 01:11:01
The independent third party is a private escrow agent that is sub-contracted by Hedgy to provide active counterparties (or those currently under contract) with the third key in the case of total loss, such as a meteorite strike. Per the contract terms, Hedgy can never gain access to this third key under any circumstances, which to the best of our knowledge, does alleviate the issue of custody. 
As far we know, FINCEN has not issued any guidance on multi-sig transactions, but we anticipate that they will at some point in the future. 
@_date: 2014-10-01 00:11:09
Disclaimer: I'm one of the co-founders of Hedgy (listed in the article), so I can only speak on how Hedgy is different than Coinapult.
Hedgy is a two-sided OTC derivatives marketplace that matches bitcoin speculators, who are long on bitcoin, with miners, merchants, remittance processors and payment gateways looking to short bitcoin, without selling for another more stable asset. This enables the long parties to gain consistent exposure to the price movement of bitcoin without buying or selling the underlying asset; and gives those looking to short bitcoin, a way to protect themselves against the downside price risk, without converting to another more stable asset. In this approach, we designed Hedgy to give bitcoin holders a better reason to keep their bitcoin, which we believe is great for the bitcoin economy.   
Coinapult's "Locks" service solves the same pain point of bitcoin volatility, but they simply take a different approach. From what I understand, Coinapult will liquidate your bitcoin for a more stable store of value, such as gold or USD. This is great for solving the micro problem of bitcoin volatility in the short term, however it actually increases the macro volatility of bitcoin in the long term because it adds selling pressure to the entire bitcoin market. 
Basically, just two different approaches to the same problem. Although as Hedgy's designer, I must say that I'm a bit envious of Coinapult's beautiful design ;) 
@_date: 2014-09-30 18:29:23
Derivatives are used to hedge. Derivatives require financial contracts (forwards, futures, options, swaps, etc). The Bitcoin block chain offers a novel way to self enforce contracts (aka smart contracts). With the addition of multi-sig, counterparty risk is reduced. The block chain also enables same-day settlement, which is sometimes called Straight-Through-Processing (STP) in the financial world. STP greatly reduces settlement risk. So in summary, the Bitcoin block chain can greatly reduce the risks involved with hedging and increase efficiency (disclosure: I'm one of the co-founders of Hedgy, listed in the article)