@_author: warped655
@_date: 2014-05-13 04:36:15
Fair enough.
@_date: 2014-05-13 03:00:31
How do you feel about the idea of a Unconditional Basic Income?
@_date: 2014-12-15 02:25:39
A communist would argue that capitalism always turns into fascism.
@_date: 2014-04-23 16:45:14
Create a power vacuum. Corporations and self serving opportunists will fill it. The government is just one power in society of many now-a-days anyway. The richest of the rich have more power than any one person serving in government.
Anarchy is nice in some ways, except that it never lasts very long, someone will come a long and begin assuming control. They may or may not be benevolent but they are always ambitious and egocentric. Usually leading to more problems than solutions.
De-centralization doesn't mean anarchy. Anarchy is no rule at all, which eventually falls into some form of power. De-centralized governmental 'power' on the other hand is the masses taking a direct democracy to the extreme: majority rule. Which is problematic in its own ways, but certainly better than anarchy, and WAY better than what we have (in the US) currently. (Corporate serving, capital worshiping, Crypto-fascist democratic-republic)
These days, 'internet rule' is possible. And that is essentially De-centralized democratic majority/populist rule. It might not ever happen, but if it does, it'll be gradual, we wont notice it until it has naturally established itself.
@_date: 2014-04-23 20:00:34
This comes off as very misleading a narrow focused to me. Not to mention laughably unlikely to ever occur. You are looking exclusively at this from the standpoint that law and law enforcement really rules all.
There are any number of things Bill Gates could do in retaliation, legal or illegal, to utterly destroy an officer of the law. Post incident. Being a billionaire and a renown one at that, the officer isn't likely to shoot him unless he was nuts, especially if the officer's request could be seen as unreasonable in court. I'm not going to lie, there is plenty of corruption in our law enforcement, but we do have something called internal affairs that is supposed to (at least in theory) prevent officer's from misusing their enforcement powers. Not to mention we are entering an age where anyone could be recording the officer's actions, like bill himself, and be uploading/streaming it simultaneously as it occurred.
Bill could also: Bribe him, own a gun of his own, hire body guards to jump in front of the bullet, and ruin the officer's life in any number of ways if he was so inclined. He'd encounter legal consequences only if he is unable to properly utilize his money and influence.
Bill is, of course, a good guy. He'd probably never do a lot of these things but he certainly could. 
The law is not god, it is not perfect and all knowing. There are numerous crimes that people get away with, being rich most certainly helps you in that regard. The police officer's scope of jurisdiction is extremely limited. Bill could influence, heavily, numerous laws via lobbying and bribes. He could sway public opinion with advertisements, he could buy out opposition and liquidate them or utilize them for his own purposes, he can influence where a lot of money and resources go in industry, science, and policy. Its just that he chose to put a lot of his money into charity rather than do a lot of the shady stuff he very easily could have done, and that which most ultra rich people and powerful corporations do. 
The police officer cannot do any of these things. The police officer has a LOT of power over Bill Gates... under extremely, EXTREMELY, narrow circumstances. That is it.
@_date: 2014-04-23 21:18:27
Power is just influence. Money represents power, the government as an authority represents power.
The police officer's power is the reassurance that he is sanctioned by his authority to use his weapon with little to no consequence which is sanctioned by the government and our collective belief in that authority of both the officer and government.
Bill's power is sanctioned by his money which is sanctioned the government and our collective belief that money has value.
At their core? They aren't really qualitatively different. We collectively give them value. BOTH individuals BTW can have a firearm (or lack one for that matter) and use it regardless of what authority tells them.
You also misrepresent the fact that it is only the government that can kill us. Anyone can kill you if you chose not to comply with their rules. It all just depends on whether you put in any stock in any particular authority over another.
If a rich man tells you via the government using lobbying to go kill people in another country, pollutes the environment, or to falsify health information. Is it really government? You could say they have a hand in it obviously. Ultimately it doesn't matter whether you place the blame on government or a corporation. Its the system (and of course a few individuals that abuse it) that is the problem.
If a rich man tells you he'll fire you if you don't do something that is illegal, who in that case has the true authority? The government? Or the rich man? 
Power, influence, legitimacy, etc. all of it is in our heads. There is no meaningful difference between the person that orders you to do something in order to continue eating and having a home vs the man that does it via direct punitive measures.
If anything, the latter will have LESS influence than the former as you can rationalize more easily that the former is doing you a favor by providing you with sustenance. And thus you would feel more aligned with them. Even if, at the heart of it, they may very well be abusing you, just as likely as the latter.