@_author: wasupg
@_date: 2017-11-23 02:47:54
I know all the facts about USI and probably know more about the company than most having attended their event in London and their event on the Gold Coast 10 days ago.
Good job being trivial about the 140% when you know what was meant. I think you are confusing insults, accusations and anger with facts. Do me a favour, show me one MLM during the whole history of mankind that paid these sort of returns and has lasted for more than 10 years, hell I'll even make it 5 years to give you a fighting chance. What you don't realise is that all you are doing is stealing from other people. Chuckles
@_date: 2017-11-23 02:04:38
I don't think chuckle would be the word I use when promoters are running around trying to get people to invest in a zero sum game. You seem to think being able to withdraw from USI makes the company legitimate, that is not criteria for legitimacy. USI will be around for a while because people with financial uncertainty, a lack of education, a low IQ and greed will always put money in to MLM scams and reinvest. 
When the strain of coping with 140% returns get too much and the company is about to die... hey look at this great new product, a USI ICO. Buy some of our coins for a ridiculous price now that might be worth something in the future so we can keep paying out 1% a day. You have probably 18 months tops before this crashes down and you're profusely apologising to the guy you signed up who put all his money in and now has nothing. Yes let's all chuckle about that. 
@_date: 2017-11-23 01:21:23
It is a scam. You've also done no due diligence on the company because if you had you would know it is impossible to do any. No audited accounts, no public availability of trades undertaken, no history of incorporation, no detailed commercial experience of any of the founders, not regulated, etc. I'd be interested to know your criteria for "did more due diligence on these guys than anything we've done". I would start syphoning off returns now so you can at least partially compensate the people you've signed up when this collapses or is shut down by the SEC. 