@_author: watchgwernthrow
@_date: 2015-05-05 14:48:35
I am asking them now and reopening the case but they aren't responding :(
@_date: 2015-05-05 14:47:53
It was me that donated money to gwern directly from Coinbase for his legal investigation work. Why do I have to obfuscate the transaction? I did not violate any of Coinbase's Terms of Use nor are any of my transactions that I have done with Coinbase even the slightest bit of sketchy.
@_date: 2015-05-05 17:36:02


Yeah, but what happens when this is true of every fiat gateway and anyone trying to be an individual seller of BTC is slapped with money laundering charges? Citizens are being forcefully taken out of the BTC economy for no good reason, while we are busy trying to get more folks to adopt BTC. If no one speaks up, it's only a matter of time before US citizens are barred from buying/selling/using BTC at all...
@_date: 2015-05-05 16:14:55
@_date: 2015-05-05 19:45:40


Unless the USA makes them all fall in line which is quite possible. Also, I feel like the UK is generally more restrictive in these sorts of areas no?
@_date: 2015-05-05 16:12:29






This really isn't the point for me... I'm not surprised that Coinbase did this given my knowledge about past cases and knowing the government is putting pressure on this space. What is shocking to me, now that it has happened to me, is that the government is essentially encroaching on my freedom to donate to who I want to donate to by intimidating Coinbase and thus limiting my free speech and gwern's, who will get less donations. Gwern is a law-abiding citizen who hasn't been arrested for a crime... he is just involved in a controversial space that the government doesn't like.
First off, banks wouldn't do this to me. If I gave gwern a direct wire transfer of money into his checking account for $25, I guarantee you that the bank isn't going to ask me what I'm doing giving gwern $25 nor are they going to IMMEDIATELY SHUT DOWN MY ACCOUNT. Coinbase has done this, why?
The FEDS have a hard on for Bitcoin because it is taking away their central control over the monetary supply and is going to hurt these massive payment processors like Visa, Mastercard, etc.
So, what do the FEDS do...? They are putting massive, unwarranted pressure on any US-based business that is doing something around bitcoin. The FEDS are threatening these business guys with long prison sentences and forcing them to proactively, PROACTIVELY be aware of EVERY SINGLE MICRO TRANSACTION of all of their users. This is ridiculous. Banks don't proactively monitor their customers domestic remittances of petty cash ($25)... they wait for specific requests by the government or only flag large transactions ($10K+ right?). Even then, the bank isn't going to shut down a customer account based on one flagged transaction nor refuse to communicate with them anymore like in my case with Coinbase.
This is just another warning signal, a billow of smoke. Our government is becoming the oppressor and WE ARE MAKING EXCUSES like "Of course, if you donate to this guy then it is justified that your account will be closed." Are you serious? This is about as close to a free speech issue as I'm ever going to get. What it boils down to is that the government is going after a law-abiding activist who is doing research on drug law and LE tactics of investigation into darknet markets. What gwern is doing is not illegal! HE HAS A RIGHT TO DO WHAT HE IS DOING AND SHOULD BE ABLE TO ACCEPT DONATIONS WITHOUT BEING UNLAWFULLY INTIMIDATED BY OUR UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT. 
We have been talking about the overreach of government and internet privacy more and more ever since Snowden released all those files. Our government, and other Western partners, are (slowly, very slowly) turning into the government of 1984 right before our eyes. Before you know it in 50 years, people are going to be prosecuted for thought crimes and other peoples' excuses are going to be "Well, why did you think that thought? Of course they are going to come after you if you think that thought."
It's ridiculous. This is the beginning of a downward spiral for freedom loving American citizens everywhere... and other American citizens are EXCUSING THE BEHAVIOR OF OUR GOVERNMENT. The US government is supposed to represent us, not control and intimidate us. 