@_author: watchman28
@_date: 2014-02-27 01:07:55
Yeah, this is the kind of thing that happens a lot, unfortunately - a lot of journalists (myself included) use other journalists' work to fact-check their own. This is fine most of the time, but it can mean when something false finds its way into print, it can become seen as fact by other journalists.
Case in point: in the UK a while back someone came up with the idea that if enough people listed their religion as Jedi it would have to be recognised as a legitimate religion. This was, of course, bullshit, but before too long it was all over the place and people believed it.
@_date: 2014-02-28 00:08:57
True, but that's a difficult issue - news needs to get out to the public and it's our job to do that. I wouldn't claim to be an expert on everything I've ever written and of course I've made mistakes, but what's the alternative?
@_date: 2014-02-27 18:27:12
Both Morgan and Murdoch *may* have had something to do with phone hacking, but both have denied it and let underlings take the fall instead. As much as I dislike Morgan, I did have to applaud his approach when he was up in front of the inquiry of just answering "I don't recall" to every question.
I agree with your point regarding who does it having an influence on people's attitudes. As a journalist I believe the public have a right to know certain things and if hacking a politician's phone is the way to go about that, then fine. The point where it goes too far is when the voicemail of a young girl who was kidnapped and murdered was hacked and whoever was responsible deleted some of her messages to make space for more, possibly hampering the investigation. There's no disputing that's completely wrong.
@_date: 2014-02-27 09:44:41
No worries, I wasn't angry at you, I just felt compelled to give the other side of the argument :) if I was worried about people criticising my profession I wouldn't have become a journalist in the UK at the height of the phone-hacking scandal!
@_date: 2014-02-27 00:16:17
As a journalist I felt compelled to respond to your arguments.


Frankly, that's incredibly unfair. If that really was the case none of us would have jobs. We're not experts in most things, but nobody is. That's why we get in touch with people who specialise in the topic in question to explain it to us and the readers. It's also why a lot of journalists have specialities. I'm the health reporter on the paper I work on now and was a political reporter in my last job. I couldn't tell you anything about how the stock markets or school league tables work, but I could easily tell you about the difference between clinical commissioning groups and NHS Trusts or the structure of local government.


True, word limits are restrictive. I dread to think how many hours I've lost trying to cut an 1,000 word article to 350 words without losing the point. *But* being able to do so is just what we're trained to do. A really good journalist (and I'm not necessarily including myself in that) can explain a complex issue in very few words. 


Some people are lazy, that's just how the world is. But to say we're *all* lazy? Hardly fair. I frequently do 12+ hour days, despite only being paid for eight, simply because that's the only way to get anything done. I think what's frequently seen as lazy journalism from an outside perspective is just a result of the pressures we work under. There's fewer and fewer people doing the same amount of work and, frankly, if I have to copy and paste a half-decent press release on council tax so I can spend my time working on something more important, that's what I'm going to do.


Yes, some people do this, but anyone who does is not a good journalist.
You're entitled to your opinion of course and if you've been burned by some hacks I totally understand, but I felt your comments were generalising in an unfair way.
This is much longer than I meant it to be.
@_date: 2018-11-13 21:36:05
That’s not his how you spell cunt
@_date: 2018-11-13 21:35:09
Wow that’ll show em