@_author: watch45
@_date: 2014-06-24 14:50:45
"in the UK"  Nooooooo :(
@_date: 2015-05-30 16:31:51
How can you argue that the people running the judicial system do not deserve to die? It has ruined so many fucking lives and failed so many people. It NEEDS to be overthrown by force, there will never be a change unless that happens. Absolutely never. People are as close to doing shit about it now as they were 200 years ago: not fucking close at all. 
@_date: 2015-05-30 19:03:03
Would you make this statement if we were talking about millions of parents whose children died because of an unsafe product? A product that is known to be defective and cause death? A product that is banned for this reason?"
The thing is, these are illegal drugs, which the users know can kill them if they take too much.  They know that  the substance is essentially banned for this reason. If you bought a a new medicine for your child and he or she died because it was falsely advertised as safe to take,  then of course I'd feel for them, that is terribly tragic. But silk road wasn't saying the products the vendors on it sell are safe, it  was saying "this is a place where you can buy illegal substances, some of which will kill you". No matter where you busy your heroin from, it's ultimately up to you to understand the risk in taking it. The children of these parents knowingly put harmful substances inside their body which they ended up overdosing on. You could blame the person who sold it to them, but ultimately why is your child shooting up in the first place? 
@_date: 2015-05-30 16:44:35
But he didn't directly sell the product, just initialized the market on which it was sold, so the situation is a little more complicated than knowingly selling someone defective Christmas lights. I just don't really get it because they're still blaming Ulbricht for something that he didn't really do. Sure, say he did sell someone drugs that they then overdosed on. How is it not their fault for not using the drug responsibly? Those parents are losers like their children, and I have NO sympathy for them. Millions like them have come to terms with their children's death-by-overdose and realize that it was ultimately their children's fault, they don't go to court blaming the person who put up the website where someone made an account where they could sell their drugs to other people. 