@_author: watfordjc
@_date: 2017-12-04 11:49:48


So, on the one hand they think the US$300-equivalent demanded by WannaCry was a "300-bitcoin ransom demand", and on the other they think the UK government are going to introduce more draconian bitcoin regulations.
I have given 9 different crypto companies a scan of my passport and a scan of my bank statement. I complained to one FinTech company that their ID requirements were idiotic and ended up sending them statements from 4 banks, 2 ISPs, 1 telco, and Nominet.
Searching for the quote used in the Reuters article on the same subject, the quote is pretty much citing the 4MLD press release from the European Commission on 5th July 2016.




So, the Treasury are supposedly stating something that the EU is telling them they must do, and not a single mention of Brexit in sight.
@_date: 2017-12-04 12:00:00
Most millennials were around during the dotcom bubble. As a millennial, I remember when Cable &amp; Wireless were digging up every street in the neighbourhood, and I remember Amazon's stock price gaining 1,000% in a year.
I think you're confusing millennials with gen Z.
@_date: 2014-08-08 04:03:27
Yes, TLS support in mining software and pool software.
Unless things have changed software-wise since I used slush's pool a year or so ago, there is no need to support more than one mining pool's public certificate at a time, so no need to include (for example) the Mozilla SSL List.
Certificate pinning support - that could be as simple as "paste hash of public certificate of your chosen mining pool here" that hard fails if invalid. If you trust a pool to give you the correct server details on their website, it's just one more thing to copy and paste.
Disabled support (i.e. written in code but not functional) for OCSP checking. That would allow it to be enabled if needed at a later date, without making a 51% as easy as launching a DDOS attack against OCSP servers.
But the fact is Heartbleed was discovered during the time period the BGP hijacking was going on, and I'm not sure how quickly those that run mining pools would have reacted to Heartbleed. Without revocation checking, a BGP hijacking combined with a leaked TLS private key would have had a similar result.
Without users updating to the new mining pool cert's hash as soon as it was changed, it could have created a mess.
* New cert, real pool, OK.
* New cert, hijacked pool, error.
* Old cert, real pool, error.
* Old cert, hijacked pool, OK.
Hash rate would have dropped and Heartbleed would likely have been blamed until someone noticed what was really happening.
TLS would make BGP hijacking less likely to be profitable, but it would not make it impossible to severely cripple things. If you can knock out Youtube, you can knock out a crypto mining pool or two.
There's also TLS overhead and latency. I don't know much about how mining software and pools work, but a switch to TLS might require a switch to SPDY or similar.
@_date: 2017-01-04 23:50:52
"We are not in the camp looking for parity in EUR/GBP" --Chris Turner, ING Analyst.
How can gold parity be stupid when even analysts working for ING make no mention of market capitalisation when comparing currencies and talking about parity? If 1 EUR = 1 GBP = parity, then 1 XBT = 1 XAU = parity.
To quote Britannica (because Google Snippet):
"In international exchange, parity refers to the exchange rate between the currencies of two countries making the purchasing power of both currencies substantially equal."
Anyway, 1 BTC &lt;&gt; 1 XAU yet based on xe price charts. Instead of talking about market cap you could've focused on bid/ask spread, currency conversion and card fees, and gold storage fees, although that'd involve doing some calculations and possibly phoning up companies for quotes.