@_author: waveguide
@_date: 2014-01-15 22:54:55
The public does have an interest in telecom infrastructure wherever it is built on public property, which is most of it. If they choose not to act in a way consistent with a public utility, it would be appropriate to renegotiate much less favorable terms for use of that property. Governments should also lower the barrier to entry for competitors to string separate cable on utility poles, etc. - that barrier was erected on the assumption that telecoms would lease capacity at fair and reasonable rates to competitors, which cannot happen in a non-neutral network.
@_date: 2014-05-19 11:38:02
Rhetorical devices aside, please address the criticism. The reply stated (in so many words) that any technology which helps people must also help the subset who break the law, therefore helping people who break the law is not sufficient cause to outlaw a technology unless you want to live in the Stone Age. If you want to avoid this uncomfortable question, an argument on semantics might be more effective than a temper tantrum.
@_date: 2014-01-20 13:12:42
It sounds like someone has misunderstood two-factor authentication. Something you know (private key/passphrase) plus something you know (email login) does not a second factor make, nor is it reasonable to use email since it's so easily spoofed. Maybe it would be more accurate to call this "redundant notification"?
@_date: 2014-06-04 15:35:05
How do you propose the community would drop ghash.io? The hashing capacity isn't fingerprint-able, so blocks would have to be rejected based on their transactions or miners would have to be authenticated, right? Neither of these are easy or even acceptable solutions.
@_date: 2015-01-11 20:06:06
What does it do that needs root?
@_date: 2013-11-08 18:25:34
Dollar bills have the converse utility, in that they can only be spent by transferring a physical object which is difficult to counterfeit, and you don't need any third parties to verify that you received the bills for them to be real (spendable by you). Dollars in banks have the utility that they can be spent without physical transfer, yet central authorities can compel or reverse transactions and seize assets by various mechanisms. Bitcoin can be spent using only information transfer and seizure, compelling or reversing transactions occurs through consensus of Bitcoin holders who are (we think) distinct from existing authorities. These distinctions are the sole reason Bitcoin has value right now, and it remains unclear how the details will play out.
@_date: 2013-12-04 11:43:31
Aren't the savers risking that their currency may have less purchasing power in the future for any number of reasons, or that they (or their beneficiaries) may not live long enough to benefit? It's just as silly to say that no-one should risk as it is to say no-one should invest. Just because inflationary monetary policy sets the bar at 2%/yr doesn't mean everyone would be best served by finding the minimum-risk investment that yields 2%/yr, and if the fed stopped making new dollars tomorrow it wouldn't be any smarter to cash out a 401K than it is today - these are just fiducial marks for current and future purchasing power.