@_author: wax_paper
@_date: 2019-07-23 20:00:51
You might not be cool with insane volatility when you're her age, either. Some people just don't like risk, even if they know it has the potential to pay off... Cuz, of course, it has the potential to fail, too. I bet a lot of it just depends on how lucky people have been with risk.
@_date: 2018-09-28 16:18:39
This is one of the most ridiculous chains of logic that I've read in an opinion column in a long time.
Why are the statements of old people invalid? Because they'll be dead soon. Why will young people embrace crypto? Because they grew up with smartphones and Instagram. Also, 5 percent of them trust Bitcoin, and only 1 percent of old people do.
Does the crypto world employ any real journalists, or are you guys just paying for $5 articles from anyone who will write for cheap?
@_date: 2018-08-17 00:35:18
Both from cannabis and hemp?
@_date: 2018-08-16 18:19:24
Hemp-derived CBD has significant analgesic properties? Has that been validated in clinical studies? I feel like it's still a stretch with so many of the claims being made for cannabis-derived CBD, let alone from hemp...
@_date: 2018-05-23 06:21:10
Nobody serious about Bitcoin is using it as currency. They might spend a few bucks here and there, as tokens of its potential as a currency... Or if they buy something big, like a new laptop or something, it's a *divestment*.
I'll give you the black market, since those guys really are using it as a currency, since they have no other option. But you bet your ass, if they could use their Mastercard or Paypal just as safely as Bitcoin, they'd be using those instead.
As long as the value remains so volatile, using it as a currency just isn't practical. Why use Bitcoin when you can use that filthy fiat, and not have to worry about that $20 you spent being worth $30 tomorrow? Why would anyone do anything else with Bitcoin besides leveraging it in pursuit of profit, at least as things are now?
@_date: 2014-03-28 14:59:33
You're not in-the-wrong. What you wrote was just a product of the Bitcoin environment that you're surrounded by. It's the whole culture of looking at Bitcoin as a commodity, rather than a currency. Like you said, you try to use it as a currency when you can, but the fact that you phrased your initial response like that is indicative of a specific mindset.
Again, I'm not trying to shame you or anything; I just believed that was a good example to point out the inherent difference between one mindset and another...
@_date: 2014-04-16 01:17:48
It's not "factually" useful; the word you're looking for is "subjectively" useful. More people would probably find Bitcoin useful than useless, although that's obviously not true of *everyone*.
Like ertaisi said, an evangelist is synonymous with an enthusiastic advocate. The word has been lent to promoters of secular concepts and industries long before Bitcoin. It's an apt descriptor.
@_date: 2014-04-16 02:31:34
Majority opinion isn't a qualifier for objectivity or subjectivity. I probably should have left these concepts out of it entirely, and just explained that "factually useful" isn't a — well, *useful* — term. So I suppose the real term he was looking for was "intrinsically useful."
I'm also not the one who used the word "evangelist" to begin with. I did just stumble upon this, though, when Googling the for the exact definition:
@_date: 2014-04-25 15:44:04
Yeah, 'cause the majority of low-level buyers and sellers who are charged with non-violent drug offenses each year will all be switching to Bitcoin and/or the post office...
What's that? It'll take some time time for things to change? It's going to be *gradual* process? Okay; we'll see, then. But in the mean time, the friggin' *WAR ON DRUGS* wasn't solved by a team of developers overnight.
**PS:** I think you guys really tend to overestimate how many people use Internet black markets like the former Silk Road, as well as whatever the current incarnations are. I'm so confident the money exchanged on the Silk Road throughout its *entire operation* didn't meet or exceed 1 percent of the worldwide, yearly total of the drug trade, I'm not going to even look up the applicable figures. If someone proves me wrong though, I'll eat crow.
@_date: 2014-04-16 01:24:56
Is it just me, or does anyone else think the reason this word seems to rile them up so much is because there's probably a distinct correlation between the subscribers of and @_date: 2014-03-28 14:33:57
Pandora's already out of the box, and that bitch will never climb back in. For all intents and purposes, the term "cryptocurrency" might as well be synonymous with "investment" or "equity" these days. The process is just going to keep repeating, ad infinitum, unless someone develops a protocol that actually *disincentivizes* its use as a speculative commodity, somehow...
@_date: 2014-03-28 14:23:35
That filthy, filthy fiat...
@_date: 2014-03-07 16:15:49
You guys get so pissed when you see someone posting authoritative info about Bitcoin with no education or experience in finance, but you expect that kind of leeway when *you're* commenting about the journalistic process? Your trite summary of events is just as misleading as you're purporting this story to be. Read this [interview]( to start with.
Believe it or not, most journalists do have a formal education and years of professional experience, especially when their byline appears in *Newsweek*. I realize that's probably difficult to understand it today's over-saturated world of dime-a-dozen blogs and "citizen reporters," because the bar has been substantially lowered...
There *is* a process, though. You can learn a little about that process in the interview I linked above. There's also an institutional system of checks and balances with publications like *Newsweek*; this reporter didn't just chase her theory and instantly publish the story for print and Web. As she alluded to in the interview, researchers and senior editors were both involved in the process. That's just standard; that's how it works.
Whether she's ultimately right or wrong about his identity — and whether the information should have been published, in hindsight — is another issue. In journalism, there comes a point when enough verifiable information intersects with the demand for public newsworthiness, and that place is where you'll find a story like this.
Again, if you're going to critique something, you should at least have a fundamental understanding of how that system works. That's exactly the same opinion that the majority of you guys have in here, regarding Bitcoin commentary and issues...
@_date: 2014-03-09 15:03:18
@_date: 2014-03-09 14:43:11
Oh, so your opinion and knowledge is *so* in-demand that the press is just constantly knocking at your door, huh? Eagerly waiting for your words of wisdom to slip here or there, so they can put the ol' spin on them? Sounds quite exciting.
@_date: 2014-03-28 14:19:56
This is part of the problem; your frame-of-reference is all wrong. Ideally, you wouldn't be thinking of how Bitcoin can make you money; you'd be *spending* Bitcoin as money. Now, it's true; the community already screwed this up, rendering Bitcoin (currently) inviable as a practical currency.
Today, there's nothing you could do but wait, hope for something to happen that disincentivizes Bitcoin's use as a commodity, then join the (hopefully successful) "phase two" and treat it like an actual *currency*. But I think the question you asked really does epitomize the underlying problem... It should never have been about leveraging Bitcoin to make money, but to *spend* money instead.
@_date: 2014-03-08 04:05:35
Like I referenced in my first reply, I think a lot of people perceive  journalists in a different light these days, because pretty much every aspect of the bar has been lowered with how democratized news reporting has become with the Internet.
You say I'm biased and paid to produce results to attract readers, but that's not what journalism is about. I'm only in my mid-30s so I *hope* this sentiment isn't completely foreign to today's reporters (as well as readers), but journalism is about leveraging objectivity and pursuing the truth. *Real* journalism, anyway...
It feels so wrong to read someone define the industry as you did, but I suppose it's understandable; the emphasis on quantity over quality and sensation versus news has *always* existed, although it's become much more prominent in the past decade (with the growth of Web-based ad revenue and social marketing).
Still, it would probably surprise a lot of people to learn just how rigorous and involved the process of reporting *usually* is, especially at major publications. The only guideline I can think to suggest is whether or not the publication in question is Web-only, or has a print counterpart. An exception would often be those Web-only publications that are owned by renowned or established parent companies, like Conde Nast, for example. A publisher like AOL, though? Complete shit.
@_date: 2014-03-08 01:50:54
Eh, you guys are just biased. I have a journalism degree and I've worked in the industry for more than a decade. This wasn't irresponsible reporting. And a "jury of peers" is almost always involved at this level (the *Newsweek* level), involving multiple editors, legal and the publication's ombudsman.
For some reason the majority of you guys just seem like you're out for blood...
@_date: 2014-03-28 13:12:23
It's actually kinda disgusting, when you really think about how this protocol — this idea — has been figuratively raped and pillaged. When I try to imagine what it would take to "turn Bitcoin back into *Bitcoin*," so to speak, I'm honestly at a loss...
First of all, there's the "community" (which would probably be better described as a "horde"). For the majority of the proponents — both here at Reddit and around the Web, on BTC and CC sites — it's all about marketing hype and controlling PR. I won't even get into Reddit, but most "news" sites are basically "temples" devoted to praise and the almighty God of Pump.
As for the "currency" itself; ironically, Bitcoin remains at the far end of the "commodity" spectrum, for all intents and purposes. Sure, we can buy and sell things with it, but I'd be interested to know how much of Bitcoin's daily trading volume truly represents point-to-point sales, or exchange for goods and services. (And the use of rate-locking exchanges for vendor accounts barely qualifies here, in my opinion, because we know these companies accepting Bitcoin aren't turning around and spending anywhere *near* the same volume as fiat money; they're trading it like a commodity, just like everyone else.)
It's still volatile as all hell, and the transaction fees — in the practical, real-world sense — don't represent the freedoms that Bitcoin was supposed to foster. And unless you want to buy it on the street, actually *obtaining* Bitcoin is nowhere near as convenient and flexible as intended.
It's just fucking sad. I had such high hopes for Bitcoin, mainly because of how I anticipated its potential to revolutionize the  financial services industry, and dethrone the likes of Paypal. I was *most* excited about the way it could have been used for non-profits and charities, though. Finally, a solution to the "nickel-and-dime" Internet donation problem... Granted; in hindsight, Bitcoin may not have been the best protocol for this kind of use, even if it was operating at its full potential today. Eh, shit... I'm rambling.
@_date: 2014-03-09 14:56:39
I don't think it's even quite as bad as all that. From everything I'm reading online, the handful of publications that are reporting about the *negative* aspect of the Newsweek story are mostly referencing *these guys*, here on Reddit (as well as various Bitcoin proponents)...
Once again, a subreddit is *creating* the story, as opposed to observing it. Funny thing is, that's related to what most of the people in here are accusing Newsweek of doing. This subreddit is a bubble, yet it's large enough to influence the ebb and flow of niche news cycles.
@_date: 2014-06-13 10:24:51
I don't think it's so much a message or insinuated precedent as the FBI just realized it could get a lot of money by auctioning it off. I'm sure the feds consulted with the SEC or whatever to confirm the legal aspects (and sure, we can speculate about the implications of that), but at the end of the day I think it's just about the FBI recouping its budget. I wouldn't read too much into that, since both local and federal law enforcement are known for some real shady shit when it comes to funding themselves with ill-gotten gains... 
@_date: 2014-03-28 14:50:20
Yeah, but some of those exact same aspects have actually become worse, or more prohibitive. It's easier to buy Bitcoins than it was in 2010, but it's harder to buy small amounts. There's also the verification hoopla, higher fees and (usually) unfavorable exchange differential. And what about the supposedly free and low-cost transactions? They've only gone up, and trying to get a transaction processed for free is a crapshoot (last I heard; I don't know if this is still the case).
I still want currency to succeed, but at this point, it seems like Bitcoin is going to have to crash-and-burn on an epic scale for anything to change, almost like a "reboot." I mean, honestly... Seriously, with complete and utter sincerity; can you really tell me that the future of Bitcoin ***as a currency*** is looking brighter, as time goes by?
@_date: 2014-03-09 15:28:09
Which also happens to be the primary source of attribution for most of these articles *covering* the Newsweek story and asking, "Was this ethical?" Well, Reddit and a handful of Bitcoin proponents and advocacy groups, that is...
This *should* provide a little insight, if people can look at the issue objectively. In the mainstream media, Bitcoin is still considered a "niche" beat; to greater or lesser degrees based on the type of publication, like *Forbes* versus *Time* magazines, for example. The Bitcoin community-at-large, though, is actually so tight-knit that it's basically a closed system, or a bubble...
This community is yelling about injustice, which is what's being reported by the publications that printed a story about this issue. Don't confuse news coverage with news *editorial*, in which the latter voices an opinion. In all these stories I've read, the news is basically just covering the uproar that this subreddit started in the first place...
@_date: 2014-04-25 10:53:56
Any journalists, copywriters, technical writers or SEO/marketing-geared writers have any experience working for Bitcoin? I've browsed through some listings on Coinality after I saw the link in this post (in the comments) and I've visited a few times in the past, although I still can't figure out how competitive the rates are (even by freelance standards).
A lot of the posts I've seen in the past that disclose a specific rate are pretty low, while some of the listings that start to approach a competitive rate are kind of ambiguous in when it comes to both the pay structure and the duties involved. I've been freelancing from time to time for about 15 years, so I know you're not gonna get detailed specifics until you just go ahead and apply for the position...
What I'm trying to figure out, though — preferably from someone who's working in this field, for Bitcoin — is what the "scene" is like. For example, does the majority of work boil down to the kind of low-paying blogspam that's overrun places like Mechanical Turk and some of the other big freelance/contract sites? If you've worked in the field, you know the type; crazy-cheap gigs like $5 to $10 for 500 to 1000 words, or ultimately equivalent to less than minimum wage...
@_date: 2014-04-18 19:20:43
Your user name... There used to be a band with that name from my hometown (well, in plural form)...
@_date: 2014-03-28 14:37:27
Ironically, I just finished typing this in a [reply]( to someone else...


@_date: 2019-03-03 05:37:18
The OP kinda suggested a false equivalency, it wasn't the best way to make his point. The real threat of the social score thing is the tech behind it; a database that's designed to keep tabs on an entire citizenry, and machine learning that's designed to use everyday metrics to rank people into groups.
I don't know if China's system is all the way there yet, but that's the ideal way these are supposed to work. That's really what people fear about it, though. It's like creating a new caste system and letting computers run it.
@_date: 2018-10-07 01:38:12
...It's that easy!
@_date: 2018-10-02 23:10:52
Why, what's wrong with exchanging for Bitcoin Cash?
@_date: 2018-06-06 16:28:58
Kinda deflates the idea that most people are using it as a currency, instead of a commodity. It's easy to be idealistic when the value kept going up, but not so much when it's going down.
@_date: 2019-02-10 18:59:24
Thank you for your service.
@_date: 2018-11-21 09:14:22
He's probably talking about research chemicals. You can buy pretty crazy drugs online, as long as they're bought and sold under the guise of "not for human consumption."
@_date: 2018-11-21 09:30:26
What you meant to say is that a currency is different from a commodity. Currency doesn't have anything to do with institutions, as far as the definition goes. Currency is anything that people trade.
@_date: 2018-11-25 20:35:57
So the price went down because of negative hype, but it didn't go up because of positive hype?
@_date: 2018-11-20 03:17:32
Like how is it even possible that people would think the altruism of blockchain technology could overcome greed, or even the desire for wealth? It's not the "bears." It's the fact that it's a commodity, and *everyone's* been trying to make money from it. Even rocket ships don't keep going forever, unless they miss their target and hurtle into the cold, black void.
@_date: 2018-11-20 03:33:43
And when people get all hyped about the technology again, it'll fuel a bunch of investment, and the price will go back up! Then after it nosedives, you just get people excited about all the tech applications again, get them hyped about the "real world implications." Then the price of bitcoin goes back up, again! It's genius! But seriously, don't forget the hype part, mmmkay?
@_date: 2018-11-21 09:18:08
People pay people to fill out their driver's licence paperwork? Is this in Europe or something? Here in the US, that paperwork is like half a page, and the most difficult question is your VIN number, since you gotta go back outside to the car and look...
@_date: 2018-11-26 00:42:01
Well, I was around back then, even though I wasn't buying bitcoin. I was actually there at the beginning; I remember downloading the client and getting some mining scripts, because I was gonna try it out. Never did, because I thought it would wear out my GPU, lol... Sucks, because even if I burned that card out mining a couple coins, I could have bought like 10 gaming PCs with them a few years later.
Anyway, the point is, I've been lurking around this sub and reading BTC blogs since at least 2013, and I remember it always being about the hype. The belief in the tech was just another form of hype, IMO. There were so many times I saw how people were pumping it on Reddit, or trying to blanket Google search results with SEO blogs and pseudo-news articles, I specifically remember thinking to myself, *"Man, this Bitcoin thing is REALLY about pumping up the public image so people will buy, isn't it?"*
Also as an aside, I don't think FUDing is the only thing governments are doing, if they are in fact doing that. I think they've all been using bitcoin as well, to some extent. For the poorer countries, it could be to actually make some money, but I think it's more about the bigger governments using it to put various crypto strategies through trials, testing it for exploits and weaknesses, that sorta thing. I don't have a shred of proof, but they would have been idiots not to. If crypto does go mainstream, these governments will have wanted to have their hands in the cookie jar from the beginning, whether it was to influence the blockchain development, or collect their own exploits, or even just to have a good understanding of how the human aspects of crypto can be manipulated.
I really do think they've been in there for years, though. They would have known they couldn't afford *not* to overlook or underestimate it, even if all that meant was putting a small team of people on it.
@_date: 2018-12-08 05:14:23
Waiting until $100, then I'll buy lots! Might buy one at $500, but I'll be kicking myself if that price would have bought me five if I just hedl out a little longer.
@_date: 2018-12-02 07:24:48
They're trying to sell the mining tech, and they probably started development back when things were blowing up. Either way though, Intel is hedging a bet, just in case. I think it's pretty common for companies to do things like this, if they're in a position to do it. Same thing as speculation. They invest a little, just in case it becomes worth a lot in the future.
@_date: 2018-12-08 05:28:40
Can you get some of the financial analysts over there to come here for an AMA? I have so many questions, but 4chan is such an elite boys club... I can't even figure out how it works! (Where's the updoot button?)
At least tell them we appreciate all the hard work they do. It can't be easy to grind away at the hedge fund all day, then come home and *still* have time to write exclusive analysis on 4chan...
@_date: 2018-12-02 07:45:12
Yeah, but people will wonder why the bitcoin they *exchanged* for is only worth half of what they exchanged last week, in extreme examples. Can bitcoin ever become as stable as currencies like USD? Has anyone figured out exactly what it would take, like as far as daily volume? Can it be quantified?
@_date: 2018-12-15 03:30:40
If somebody invented a better one, I'd use the better one. Like zero transaction fees, for example. Or more robust security. The real point is that if a crypto gets developed that's better, there is no reason to stick with something just because it's "original."
And because of how technology works, better cryptos are certain to be developed in the future. It seems odd to me that a decade from now, the majority of people would still be using the original crypto... It would be like me still using AOL dial-up to get online, or using a flip-phone as my mobile.
@_date: 2018-12-03 07:16:32
When people start getting worried about their investments, it feels like they just jizz some hype against the wall, in the hope that some of it will stick. It feels like people also do this when they get excited about an investment, too.
So basically, people are jizzing into the aether all the time, desperately trying to plant their own little seeds, and hoping those seeds will eventually bear fruit... I'd be mad, but now that I think about it, this is kinda how everything works in life.
@_date: 2018-12-03 07:34:36
I dunno man, I think any system run by *people* is always gonna be filled with corruption, exploitation and disingenuity...
@_date: 2013-05-29 14:23:10
Right now, a stigma is starting to be associated with Bitcoin in the mainstream media. It's not just being called "risky" anymore; some are implying that it's a fraudulent currency.
Now understand that Paypal/eBay's **number one priority** is fostering the idea that using them to buy and pay for things online is just as safe and secure as in the traditional marketplace... That's been their *most*-important "internal PR mission" from the beginning, back when people had a hard time believing that such transactions could truly be safe and secure.
They never really abandoned that mission, from a marketing and PR standpoint. That's why the majority of all these horror stories we read about are from a seller's point-of-view, as opposed to the buyer. It's so important for Paypal to maintain the idea of buyer satisfaction that they'll gladly trade 5 sellers for that 1 buyer.
This is because sellers can be treated like crap and they *still* come back, since there really isn't a more ubiquitous Internet payment processor right now, especially one that's available for people without a small business license or merchant accounts. Plus, the synergy with eBay and every other online retailer gives them TONS of money from purchases, but only as long as people are still actually using Paypal to buy things every day...
@_date: 2013-12-08 06:21:33
Hey, if nothing else, it's a great example of what an *actual* "spin zone" looks like. 
@_date: 2013-12-01 20:19:41
Literally LOLed... ;) ..."filthy fiat dollars"... Love it.
@_date: 2013-10-07 14:41:50


Well, that only holds true if the price of Bitcoin drops and *never* returns to its value before the crash, right? Or are you talking about a Bitcoin "doomsday" scenario or something, in which it's your final sale before the currency collapses for good?
@_date: 2013-11-28 17:17:46
Why is Litecoin a scam? Do you mean it and other crypto-currencies are scams because of the way their supporters are "pumping" them? Or is there something about Litecoin that's inherently shady?
@_date: 2013-12-21 13:17:45
I think his point was that just like people *without* Bitcoins are often viewed as naysayers with some kind of negative agenda, those who own them will often be viewed as blinded by optimism, or always have some inherent "agenda" to see the speculative value of Bitcoin rise.
Personally, I don't think many people give financial academics/advisers enough credit when they comment on the Bitcoin market, just because they don't own any or haven't used the protocol. Just like other experts in other fields, many of these people *do* have the intelligence and education to understand something they haven't actually participated in, first-hand.
Sure, there are some blatant examples of spun-out fluff pieces in the media, written or hosted by someone who hasn't actually researched Bitcoin enough to make the kind of claims or predictions they're making. This isn't *always* the case, though. I've seen Redditors shoot down and dismiss comments from financial experts who know a hell of a lot more than most of us here.
Bitcoin isn't *that* complicated or difficult-to-understand, after all. You think these baby boomers who grew up programming stock market forecast and projection algorithms during the Regan years are tech-illiterate luddites? They've seen a lot throughout the past 30 or 40 years.
Just because they don't use Bitcoin doesn't *automatically* mean they don't have the ability to understand it. In fact, their education and experience in finance probably led to a much greater *initial* understanding of the concept than the majority of people, after the same amount of research. This is *what they do*, after all... And many of them have been doing it longer than the majority of Redditors have been alive. 
@_date: 2013-06-24 10:28:20
It's a little different with websites because of the DMCA and the safe harbor provisions. Traditionally, a cease-and-desist is basically a "stop or we're gonna bring the law down on you" kinda thing, as far as I understand it.
I think the Foundation is going to have to choose between being indicted of operating an unlicensed money transmitter, preparing for years of war in court, or complying with the MTA and getting a license. Well, closing down is a third option, I suppose.
I dunno; I'm shit with law but this is how I understand it.
@_date: 2013-06-24 10:06:50
Which also seems to come with a price tag of half a million dollars for securities... Am I interpreting that correctly?
@_date: 2013-09-21 18:32:41
Need a copy editor? I'm new to Bitcoin, so I'd be willing to freelance in exchange for it! (Serious offer; I'm a journalism graduate... PM me if interested and we can chat.)
@_date: 2013-06-24 10:22:06
Well, what it means is they can either cease-and-desist or assume they'll be indicted for not complying with the state's regulation, right? I mean, the state is basically calling them out for operating in violation of the MTA, because the Foundation isn't licensed...
So just like any other situation in which an entity is deemed to be operating without a license (i.e., outside the law), it could be criminally or civilly liable... I'm not saying the state would ultimately prevail if the case went to court, but it *can* indict the Foundation's members, seize their assets and run them into the ground throughout years of trial... Right?
@_date: 2013-10-08 14:25:40
So, just to sum it up...
Deterministic sequence keys are *always* going to be more susceptible to attack?
And despite the level of entropy in a pass-phrase (like exemplified above), the fact that it only uses one original hash means it's *always* going to produce deterministic sequence keys?
So the real problem isn't just exclusive to brainwallets; it's about using any method that relies on a single hash, instead of the user relying on multiple hashes?
@_date: 2013-10-18 18:33:51
Oh, so you *want* the people who wrote the Bitcoin article on Wikipedia to come across as uneducated kids with a junior-high-level writing skill? 
@_date: 2013-12-16 06:33:06
I'm a layman when it comes to finance, so this kinda stuff is borderline Greek to me. However, the author of the post you linked does offer what seems like a plausible theory for explaining why Bitcoin isn't *necessarily* a bubble (as opposed to inherently).
Still, there doesn't seem to be a *historical*, analogous precedence. Not one that I've read about yet, anyway. I can't imagine that Bitcoin — at its fundamental level — is completely uncharted financial territory in the world's recorded history. I dunno; maybe it is, and that's why all anyone can truly do is theorize and speculate...
@_date: 2013-06-24 22:11:31
It could take a year just for the Foundation to complete the first phase of filing a motion to dismiss the case, even if it's unsuccessful, and then the real trial begins... Court can take a long, long time. Especially civil court, if the state sues.
@_date: 2013-08-10 08:08:42
This is really disappointing... Is there detailed conversation about the closing of Lavabit going on anywhere? I didn't realize this even happened until I saw this post on my front page.
Sucks, because I just started using Lavabit as a secondary email a couple months ago, when I read about it from a post here on Reddit. Now I'm actually kinda worried, because I think I tied a few services and accounts (nothing *too* vital) to my  address... Then again, I can't imagine how shitty this would be for someone who's been using it for years, or as a primary.
@_date: 2013-12-08 06:38:18
Like an elite club, where your financial portfolio is your membership card? That remind you of any other groups or organizations, which partially *necessitated* Bitcoin's inception to begin with?
@_date: 2013-05-29 15:00:42
I agree; as a 19-year-old college student in 1999, there was no easier and more-convenient way to sell things online. I didn't even have a concept of how competitive the transaction fees were, and I wouldn't have cared because I was just selling things as a hobby to make "bonus cash" on the side.
I still believe they value the "mainstream" buyer demographic much more than even professional seller accounts, ultimately (in the broadest, revenue-based sense). I could be wrong; seller revenue may have surpassed all others within the past decade — I just don't know. But even if it has, there's ultimately a reason why seller satisfaction is so much consistently lower than a buyer's.
**EDIT:** This [situation you found yourself in]( is a prime example of Paypal's well-known bias for the purchaser. It's one of the biggest seller complaints reported, and sellers have lost money even when they were able to provide proof of shipment for physical goods. Even if no one is at fault, they'll side with the buyer, because buyer satisfaction is much more important to their business model.
@_date: 2013-12-15 22:12:41
Lemme ask a related question, just out of curiosity...
Has there ever been a real currency — not tulip bulbs or anything else that can't be defined as a *true* currency — in an empire or nation-state's history that increased in value as quickly as Bitcoin, in as short a time? A currency that was just as volatile as Bitcoin in the "beginning," when it was a speculative commodity, as opposed to a currency?
Again, I'm interested to learn if there's ever been a *currency* that's behaved, been initially speculated and traded like Bitcoin; a "currency" that we can safely assume the majority of financial academics would define as such... Because that's the one thing I don't understand about Bitcoin, right now; everyone calls it a currency, but treats it as a commodity.
**EDIT:** It's worth noting that as of posting this, all of the replies in this thread seem to answer or address a different question. All these replies could be answered the same of financial markets, as if someone asked, *"Is social networking stock just a bubble?"*
That's not to say the replies aren't worthwhile, but they all pretty much lead to analogies relating to speculative commodities — not currency. 
@_date: 2013-06-27 09:48:24
LOL you're right, that was dumb of me... ;)
@_date: 2013-05-30 04:27:38
Rats... It's too bad there wasn't a way for the system to incentivise transactions without fees, in some way. That could have revolutionized charities, allowing them to accept micro-donations.
@_date: 2013-10-08 05:22:08
Even if a passphrase is something like "OAW892 3.f3f-=3f 3dJJF fujf9_92 avDpF U8*9)d h&amp;fjJ72"? Or are you saying the algorithm is always, inherently deterministic no matter what?
@_date: 2013-11-17 19:56:09
Do the most popular markets allow you to trade in amounts as low as $1 or $5 at a time? I know the actual bitcoin processing fee is negligible, but I would have figured these major exchanges had a minimum rate or something...
I still don't quite understand how they work these days, either. The whole "confirmation of funds" that I've been hearing about; what's is that? Just a temporary hold to make sure people aren't doing charge-backs when they buy Bitcoins with a credit or debit card?
Buying $5 worth of Bitcoin locally every week or so seems like it wouldn't be worth it for the seller, since it's such a small amount... I dunno. I haven't read up on any of this for a long time, because I never have the money. But if there's a way I can buy $5 worth of BTC with Paypal or a CC online, I'll have to look into it and see if I can set aside a few bucks every week or so...
@_date: 2018-12-08 05:20:55
America will save bitcoin!
Wait, what? America will save bitcoin? I don't know if I get it, but I'll take this guy's word for it since I want bitcoin to succeed...
Hey guys! Have you heard the news? AMERICA IS GONNA SAVE BITCOIN!
USA! USA! USA! USA! USA! USA!
@_date: 2013-12-08 05:58:54
So you're saying Chinese merchants should begin accepting payment in the form of commodities, then?
@_date: 2013-10-21 13:37:59
There's also a vested interest in *promoting* Bitcoin; getting people to perceive it's safe, fully-legal and will only rise in value. If the Bitcoin article wasn't being heavily monitored, it would read like an infomercial... Let's face it; many early-adopters stand to gain *millions of dollars* if Bitcoin surges in popularity and goes "mainstream." Even those who own a relatively low amount could make thousands...
However, there's some truth to the claim that the overall attitude of the article is skewed a bit more critical than not. But at the same time, that's basically indicative of the majority of Bitcoin-related media coverage and research studies. Yeah, more favorable media and research *does* exist, although it represents the minority (right now, at least). As this changes, so will the Wikipedia article.
@_date: 2013-12-05 13:10:19
Those are features and benefits, not intrinsic value. Yes, you can argue that no currency truly has "intrinsic" value, but I think the issue he's addressing in this interview is more about Bitcoin being used as a speculative commodity, as opposed to a currency.
@_date: 2013-12-15 21:51:04
This suggestion, attitude and the underlying principle is just plain wrong on so many levels. Maybe not for but in the main, *flagship* sub? The one that basically *represents* Bitcoin's presence on Reddit?
@_date: 2013-12-16 02:04:26
I'm trying to figure out if history even shows us an example of something like that happening, though... (I'm not a Bitcoin opponent; I really just am curious.)
I'm also not sure how a resource like Bitcoin can "transition" from a commodity to a currency, which would require its volatility to lower *drastically*... We're talking on par with real-world currencies, which rise and fall a few percentage points over *years*.
And lastly, will the community let this happen? It seems like the motivation for financial gain by using Bitcoin as a speculative commodity outweighs its inherent benefits as a currency (at least for now). And even if the protocol improves that much, will it be enough to trump its attraction as a lucrative commodity?
@_date: 2013-06-27 13:02:57
 ♪ *Imagine all the people...* ♪
@_date: 2013-06-27 08:20:01
I hear what you're saying, but what if the buying power dropped ~~100~~ 50 percent right when you really needed it? If you have savings, this might not be that much of a problem. But if someone's living paycheck-to-paycheck, or an emergency/unexpected expense happens during a "plummet" in BTC buying power, they would be screwed.
@_date: 2013-10-18 18:43:36
It doesn't work that way; if you want to contribute to Wikipedia, you contribute. You just have to abide by the policies, or your edit will get reverted.
So basically, you don't email anyone. You research the topic and use credible sources to change or add to the content yourself.
@_date: 2013-06-24 10:36:58
Well, apparently the payroll companies that facilitate the process of getting your paycheck from your employer to you *are* considered money transmitters, and have to be licensed under the MTA...
Not saying it's right or wrong, but from what I'm reading here, this seems to be the case. So ironically, your joke wasn't *that* far-fetched...
@_date: 2013-11-17 19:17:34
This makes me feel so sad... I know you guys don't like reading about "casuals" and "speculators" around here, but you have to admit there's a special kind of torture in witnessing your own life's financial salvation pass by, time and again.
I've been watching this unfold since the value was around $7, back in 2010. Even though it wasn't expensive, I'd just lost my job. I played around with trying to set up some GPU mining and looked into ways to buy a couple BTC (it was much tougher back then), but I eventually abandoned both of those interests because I figured my time was better spent looking for a job, or at least trying to freelance.
When the price hit $200 in April, my employment situation hadn't really changed; I was eking out a bare existence on freelance work, so I couldn't afford to invest anything even when they dropped below $100 (I don't know if I would have had the balls, regardless). I suppose in this context — of investment and speculation — it's not much different than missing out on stock market trades that blow through the roof.
But still... Man, there's a special kind of melancholy reserved for watching an investment opportunity pass by — in hindsight, time after time — that could have paid off your debts, fixed your car and saved you from life-altering financial burden. I suppose I'd probably feel much worse if I could have actually ever *afforded* to invest anything, though; I can only imagine those who *had* the money feel even worse.
It *is* kinda funny — in a masochistic way — to see the Blockchain wallet I use for Web faucets jump from less than a penny to 12 cents within just these last few months, though... 
@_date: 2013-09-16 13:36:39
Ironically, the post right above you ([this]( post, since it's not gonna stay there), is about the feasibility of getting a refund for goods purchased using Bitcoin. Since equivalent third-party countermeasures like insurance and fraud-protection aren't implemented in the Bitcoin marketplace yet, I'd say it's bad publicity...
It tells me that if I make a purchase using Bitcoin and the vendor scams me, there's no hope of ever seeing that money again. That doesn't instill a lot of confidence in people like myself, who are teetering on the edge and haven't started using Bitcoin yet, even though they understand it.
@_date: 2013-06-27 08:24:06
Doesn't the IRS want its cut, even for stocks? Whether they're used to pay employees, or simply purchased/owned? It's an asset, right?
That makes me think that at the very least, the IRS would find a way to get *"all up in their bidniss,"* so to speak...
@_date: 2013-10-18 18:37:41
Original research isn't an acceptable source at Wikipedia, though. People can corroborate their own research with published material that backs it up; although like the guy you replied to said, most credible and qualified media or research sources are usually *already* fairly indicative of Wikipedia's content.
@_date: 2013-12-21 12:40:46
Remember that despite what people say about it being "impossible" or taking "hundreds of years," this is a mathematical probability, so it's *possible* for someone to begin solo mining on their built-in GPU card (hell, even with their CPU) and find a block within that first hour. Playing a national lottery probably offers better odds by now, though...
That's why some people who have an extra PC box still solo-mine as a "hobby," in which case they're probably not expecting to actually find a block. Maybe they're more interested in learning how it works, or they solo-mine with a dedicated Bitcoin PC that's too old to give them much better chances with pooled mining (if they don't care about the electricity cost, I suppose).
In the older days, there was a lot of propaganda being spread around by people who owned pooled mining networks; they'd tell everyone it wasn't worth it (even when it still *could* be), or stoop to other shady practices like using SEO to push their own "mining tutorials" with their pools' info, leading newcomers to believe this was the only way to mine.
But these days, yeah, it's true; solo mining is pretty much like playing the lottery. And since I'm not up-to-date with the latest numbers, for all I know it might be something like *half* as likely as winning your average national lottery. Since the difficulty is logarithmic, it could even be *substantially* less than that, by now...
@_date: 2013-09-15 18:12:31
I don't know; is Bitcoin truly an example of a "pure" proof-of-work system functioning as-intended? Can it be, when the work loses value over time? Or rather, when the work required to net 1 bitcoin is hundreds of times more difficult and resource-intensive than it was in the past? Remember; that's not inflation... I'm asking about the model itself.
**EDIT:** Geez, you guys really don't like seeing anything that even has the *potential* to be interpreted as critical of Bitcoin, do you? I was honestly just curious, here... I was asking this question because I truly just wanted to know the answer. Crazy concept, isn't it?
@_date: 2013-05-28 19:03:19
Short news blurb: [Costa Rican arrested in Spain for alleged financial crimes](
Bitcoin Magazine article: [Liberty Reserve Shut Down For Money Laundering](
The latter says that this service was used by a lot of multi-level marketing companies (which I'm assuming is because of the no-chargebacks rule and transaction fees geared toward micro-payments)... Does anyone know what companies are gonna take the biggest hit from this?
@_date: 2013-10-23 18:55:48
I'm not talking about the subject of this article; I'm referring to the person I replied to, when he wrote, *"I would charge a similar hefty spread if I could, otherwise it mightn't be worth my trouble (other than as a good use of a bit of spare time to get strangers into bitcoin, perhaps)."*
If your only motivation for exchanging Bitcoin at a 1:1 ratio is for the charitable sake of awareness, well... That just doesn't seem like people are *truly* motivated in turning Bitcoin into a "legitimate" currency; it seems like everyone is more interested in using Bitcoin as a *commodity* to make money, doesn't it?
@_date: 2013-05-30 04:19:03
Okay, that's right; I was remembering it incorrectly... So let me ask a follow-up question to that: Does the Bitcoin system allow consenting parties (senders and recipients) the ability to make transaction-free payments, in any capacity at all?
Maybe I should clarify the context; I'm trying to figure out the feasibility of using Bitcoin to accept very small donations to charity... When I say "very small," I mean donations as low as 1 cent USD (0.00007663 btc right now, apparently).
Or is this not possible at all, even between consenting parties, because the issue of whether or not a transaction will cost a fee is completely random?
@_date: 2013-06-27 09:52:24
Sorry, I'm frazzled; just worked a long shift at a fireworks tent in 98-degree heat, lugging 30- to 40-pound boxes around for hours. Jeez, that was so stupid of me...
@_date: 2013-10-07 01:28:04
It might have the effect you're talking about for people who already understood Bitcoin to an extent; people who've been reading about it and understand the technical aspect, but weren't convinced it could truly function as any sort of applied currency, for example...
But I think these recent events are having the opposite effect for many others, who never really understood it in the first place and never took the time to learn anything more since then. For people like that, this news kind of just reinforces the ideas and preconceptions they've had about Bitcoin all along.
I've read this notion expressed in countless forums and comment discussions, although we all know the "original naysayers" are often the most vocal, especially after an event like this. What would be interesting to learn is how many of these people are longtime Bitcoin opponents versus new ones.
Overall, though? If we're *only* talking about the notion of **public perception** here, I'm not sure how the Silk Road bust can have anything other than a negative effect on the hearts and minds of the Bitcoin-naive. 
@_date: 2013-10-07 00:40:30
From what you're describing, this sounds like a "racket" even if these systems truly *can* deliver the performance they're claiming by the time they're ready to ship. Bitcoin hardware mining companies are selling their systems, but by the time they're ready to be put to use, their systems are approaching obsolescence because they can't provide the customer a significant profit margin...
Lemme ask you something; are any of these companies making a profit? Because from what I've read about the difficulty most of them are having, I'd assume the answer is "no," if they were using their own capital for start-up and initial production costs... However, aren't some of these companies using crowd-funding and pre-ordering strategies that place the initial investment burden on their customers instead? If so, that seems like a shady way for someone to make some quick cash, especially if they're accepting payment in Bitcoin.
EDIT: And I forgot to mention; all the while, the systems that are being shipped out aren't making any significant headway in the blockchain by the time they actually begin mining. What does this imply about the bigger picture of Bitcoin mining, if anything?
@_date: 2013-05-30 04:22:56
That's unfortunate, because initially I was considering the possibility that Bitcoin might finally provide a solution to the problem of charities being able to accept "micro-donations" as low as 1 cent, without incurring the usual transaction fees that virtually nullify such low transactions.
Can you provide any more insight?
@_date: 2013-11-06 20:26:25
They'll "make it rain" at strip clubs with QR snaps on their cell phones (with plenty of swagger). It'll be called "making it flash" or "bringing the lighting" by then, of course...
@_date: 2013-10-18 18:28:33
That's why Wikipedia doesn't allow "original research" in its editing policies. You, coming to the conclusion or realization that all money is used in this way, is *technically* the result of original research. If you could get some solid citations to back this up, you could add this to the general "Money" article on Wikipedia (although it's probably not there because of an entirely *separate* article on money laundering).
This also speaks to why it's not appropriate to add it to the "US Currency" article... When Bitcoin and/or Cryptocurrency become as big as "fiat money," there will probably be a separate article dedicated to "Bitcoin Money Laundering," for example. Until it becomes that prevalent, though, topics like these are discussed in the primary article, like in this case.
@_date: 2013-08-10 09:08:03
Should have clarified I was using the free plan option, and by *"worried"* I meant, *"worried that I won't be able to recover or revalidate the accounts and services I tied to my lavabit address."*
@_date: 2013-12-17 02:52:59
See, but that's a (proposed) example of why Bitcoin isn't a bubble as a *commodity*, not as a currency... If Bitcoin is destined to remain a speculative commodity like precious metals or stock, then sure; explanations and analogies like these are appropriate. But if it's a *currency*, they're not, because the aforementioned examples (charts, projections, forecasts) are all based on commodities, not currency.
@_date: 2013-11-03 02:03:40
See, now *this* is the kind of optional functionality that helps counter the accessibility paradox, in which some people don't feel comfortable without a "low-tech" solution, despite the numerous other ways in which cryptocurrency can be traded and stored.
It might be difficult to understand how and why that mentality exists, but if you're old enough to remember life before cell phones and laptops, just imagine how we used to "safely archive" other peoples' phone numbers and other contact info... Well, most people used a dedicated contact booklet or a Daytimer, I suppose.
Personally, I was a teenager in the 90s, so the way me and my high school friends went about this was a little more "ghetto." We used a piece of paper with all our phone numbers written in tiny print, folded up and stored in our wallets or purses. I was a little more compulsive than most, so I had a "backup copy" that I'd store at home, and update every month or so ("incremental backup;" hah!).
You'd think hard copies of info like this would be much more prone to failure than digital, and that's probably true, at least in today's scene of free and ubiquitous cloud storage. However, that original piece of paper that I started using as a "contact list" my freshmen year in high school *still* exists today, thrown in a little keepsake box.
Don't underestimate paper! It's a cheap and easy way to store something for at *least* a decade, barring loss or destruction...
@_date: 2013-06-27 08:12:30
Yeah, that's the thing... Even if people are *comfortable* with receiving Bitcoins for labor, there's still the problem of short-term volatility. The buying power could drop ~~100~~ (edit: sooooo tired) 50 percent within one week, effectively leaving that person with only *half* of their original paycheck when it's time to pay bills and put food on the table.
If you're living 6 to 12 months in advance of your monthly expenses, like many people should (if they can), this wouldn't be that much of a problem, unless Bitcoin plummets and never rebounds. But for those living paycheck-to-paycheck — like so many people *are* — receiving your entire pay in a volatile currency could have devastating consequences...
@_date: 2013-10-07 02:52:31
What I meant is that the Silk Road bust might provide a certain level of justification for someone's preconceptions about Bitcoin being an "underground" currency. The Silk Road was always the go-to reference for the media when reporting about this aspect of Bitcoin, but until now, the *extent* of that relationship was only speculation and rumor (as far as your average Bitcoin-naive person is concerned).
Not only was the existence and operation of The Silk Road confirmed in their eyes, now, but the media has harder, more-accurate figures and statistics as well (courtesy of the FBI's press releases and spokespeople). Again, I'm only speculating about what the situation might look like to someone whose knowledge of Bitcoin doesn't extend any further than what they learn from the media.
Would they think, *"Oh, they caught that Silk Road guy... Seems like not only is Bitcoin a viable currency, it might also be worth checking out, now that they've thrown the riff-raff out..."*? Or, would they think, *"Oh, they caught that Silk Road guy... Looks like what they've been saying about Bitcoin is true; it's a currency for outlaws, after all."*
I realize it's not always going to be that black-and-white, but these are the two ends of the spectrum, as I see them.
@_date: 2013-10-07 02:05:13
I can't remember exactly how long ago this was, but back when Bitcoin was worth around $6, I was looking into the concept for the first time and had download the client and everything... I'm assuming the block chain was pretty small back then, because I remember it didn't take long to set up, and I was already messing around with some of the CPU mining settings by the time it had finished.
I spent a couple hours reading the little info that was available about Bitcoin that day (well, there weren't as many *sources* to read from, at least), but I remember it was a Wiki-style site; probably the official one, I'm assuming.
I had just finished reading about how my GPU could mine significantly faster (an ATI 5870m) than my CPU, and I was about halfway through setting everything up when I got too tired to stay awake any longer, and went to bed. The next day, I brought my laptop out of sleep mode and everything was still there, just as I left it; the Bitcoin client and Firefox with all the applicable GPU mining "how-to" tabs, nice and neat...
Then I did something that still haunts me to this day. In the early light of dawn, this whole Bitcoin thing didn't seem quite as exciting anymore, and the idea of burning up my GPU's longevity via hashing just didn't seem like a worthwhile endeavour. So I closed all the Firefox tabs and uninstalled the Bitcoin client, and never gave it a second thought...
Until the spring of 2013, that is; when I read about the price of Bitcoin reaching $200. I also learned about how much the mining difficulty had changed throughout that time; a mobile 5870 was never *that* powerful, but I probably could have mined a block or two if had actually tried, back then. To this day, I only own something like 0.00015 BTC from faucet sites, just for messing around... 
@_date: 2013-10-08 05:15:35
The PR and precedent involved in this case is more important to the FBI than the money. Normally I'd agree about the seizure of money and assets being a motivating factor in drug cases, especially at the state and city level. But in this circumstance, the FBI is most interested in making an example out of him.
@_date: 2013-10-08 03:08:16
It was definitely in 2011, because I remember it still being relatively new. Summer of 2011 sounds right, and I probably did stumble upon it via the buzz that was generated from the Gawker article, although I can't remember exactly where.
I do remember it being a lot more difficult to exchange cash for Bitcoins back then... Maybe it was because I only spent an hour or two looking, but I only remember one or two exchanges being "recommended" and for some reason, the process was a little more involved than it is today (or the fees were higher, maybe?).
I can't remember exactly... But hey, since I'm talking to someone who seems to know Bitcoin, can I ask you a question instead of creating a new thread for it? What would be the best method or exchange site for me to purchase a very small amount of Bitcoins, just to mess around with? I'm only talking about $5 to $10 USD equivalent, here. Basically, just enough to mess around and experiment with transactions. Right now, it seems to take around a week of visiting faucet sites just to get enough BTC to pay for a *single transaction fee*, let alone a nickel or dime to play with here or there...
@_date: 2013-11-22 19:09:05
Not everyone is in this for such idealistic — or rational — reasons. I think what people are afraid of is Bitcoin being "[pumped and dumped]( by "majority shareholders" (or rather, entities that own substantial market shares of Bitcoin).
I don't know much about the world of finance markets at all, so anyone; please feel free to correct me if this is wrong. That's just the way I understand one of the scenarios in which Bitcoin could crash, as far as what you're talking about when you mention people selling.
And this might be way off the "conspiracy deep-end," but aren't people wondering if the Chinese government might be responsible for the majority of China's recent market activity (regardless of whether or not much of that activity is "confirmed" to come from Chinese social media and payment processing companies)? I mean, it *was* only a few months ago that was talking about the feasibility of a nation-state's ability to influence the Bitcoin market.... Back then, everyone was just speculating what the U.S. might be capable of. But what if China's market share "dumps" at some point in the future? Does a scenario like that only become dangerous if the entity is trading a majority market share?
@_date: 2013-10-23 17:33:20
Wait a minute... So I take it you're an advocate of Bitcoin and its related principles? Yet you're more interested in trading it as a speculative commodity, instead of a currency? Isn't that at odds with what this is supposed to be all about, at the end of the day?
I thought using Bitcoin as a commodity — to leverage it as a means to and end, to ultimately cash in on more *traditional* currency — was frowned upon by those who want to see it realized as a true, legitimate currency... If this is why most people are using Bitcoin, how is it any different than financial trading on Wall Street?
@_date: 2013-11-17 20:02:55
Hey, thanks pal. I'll finally have an excuse to confirm a transaction and figure out how that works... And seeing 62 cents in my wallet might give me a little better motivation to raise that up to $1, then $5 and maybe even $100 by some point in the future. ;) 
@_date: 2013-05-30 11:35:20
Hey, thanks for the Namecoin tip... ;) That's actually the first time I've had access to any Bitcoins, so this should help motivate me to read more about Namecoin and finally figure out how to accept a transaction.
And you're right about the incentive that micro-donations can provide to charity... A little while back, I [replied]( to a thread in which charity for the Boston attack was being discussed, and wrote this to help people grasp the concept:








Ironically, someone who replied to me mentioned Bitcoin, wondering if it might have any positive influence on the idea. I've been thinking about that ever since, and researching the logistics of hosting a charity, along with the different payment processing fees associated with it... 
 
@_date: 2013-11-04 03:40:49
I wouldn't call it "beautiful" within 15 feet of people like myself, who have no end in sight to paying off their bachelor's, even years after graduating in this messed-up job market... "Clever?" Maybe. "Lucky?" More likely...
Nothing personal; it's just a controversial comment, in my opinion.
@_date: 2013-05-30 06:02:59
If so, that's exactly the type of information I'm looking for. (If it's even possible, regardless of a party's willingness.) 
I've looked into this subject in the past, and I remember that even Paypal's "charity" fee schedules aren't really that great; at least, not for micro-transactions as low as 1 cent.
But on the flipside, I've always wondered how the team at HumbleBundle can get away with accepting payments at low as 1 cent via Paypal, because based on [all the info I could find]( the lowest fees they charge even for charities is 30 cents per transaction...
Now if your monthly volume is more than $100,000, the website does list a phone number instead... So I suppose they might negotiate with high-volume businesses, and perhaps the HIB pays a flat percentage of total monthly volume, in which case the fee for a 1-cent transaction could be something like .3 percent (in which case they'd still get some of that transaction)...
I really need to find a group of redditors who work for charity organizations and ask them these questions, although I'm not sure where to look for that.
@_date: 2013-12-08 06:16:24
That's what I don't understand about all these "reassuring" posts related to the Chinese BTC market. It's either a textbook example of what it looks like to "spin" a piece of news, or the vocal majority doesn't actually understand near as much about the situation as they'd have you believe.
They're all reporting something along the lines of, *"Hey, guess what? China officially defined Bitcoin as a commodity!"* As if, what? It wasn't *already* being traded as a commodity by everyone in the world up to this point? I don't get it...
@_date: 2013-10-07 00:54:45
This might be the issue at the core of what I was [asking someone else]( about, but wasn't able to put my finger on it and articulate exactly what it *actually* implied...
When I read what you mentioned about the 0-percent "loan" to companies like this, the issue becomes a little more clear in terms of how someone could apply "boiler-room" sales strategy to the Bitcoin market, if you compare it to some of the financial schemes that were popular in the 80s and 90s. 
@_date: 2013-05-28 23:20:56
They can't shut it down, but the government can make Bitcoin so difficult and risky-to-use that it never leaves the underground — which appears to be what's already starting to happen, at least in the United States. (Unless you're willing to publicly disclose your transactions and pay taxes on it, that is...)
And I'm not saying that as an opponent or a proponent of Bitcoin, per se... I think it would be awesome if it could work as imagined, but based on what the U.S. government has already said and done, I'm having a tougher time believing that Bitcoin can realize its true potential.
@_date: 2013-06-24 10:10:16
Yeah, apparently the sole sponsor of this original MTA regulation was a group of monopolistic companies that represent the biggest money transaction services in the country...
@_date: 2013-07-08 10:30:20
It's ironic, because the sense of entitlement actually belongs to a lot of these new companies popping up within the past few years (not just in the BTC market; all these fucking Kickstarters, IndieGogos and every other "crowd-funded" business)....
This kind of business model is a shitty business model, which is being adopted more and more by twenty-somethings with no real business education or experience, who grew up watching the fast-cash potential of crowd-funding and believe they can make a bunch of money without taking any risk or putting up any collateral. It's disgusting.
@_date: 2013-06-24 10:04:34
What's the deal with the guy threatening to sic law enforcement on you because of the questions you were asking? What line of questioning, and why would it be criminally actionable?