@_author: wbuddha
@_date: 2015-08-14 02:01:33
Reading tea leaves here, since they aren't telling.
I also am verified out the wazoo. Have had no odd connection dynamics. 
I act only as a merchant, coins come in, cash goes out. No trading, no buying except in the rare occasion a refund needs to be made, just in and out -- 80% transactions are less than 100Eur and have never had a customer complaint, ever.
Maybe one of the members of our service used stinky coins, and this is guilt by association. Could be payment location based, I'm across two continents, but seems unlikely since there has been no distinct change in pattern for the last two years (except an slight edging up of volume)  
Most likely though, my speculation is, that I'm a victim of some new corporate policy, that if disclosed would raise a bigger stink then the ire and disaffection generated by cutting off those that fall below some red line they have drawn. Strictly head up your ass corporate think.
@_date: 2015-08-14 02:57:50
Maybe you can get some clue to this smelly piece of cheese.
@_date: 2015-08-14 10:49:56
Because I did not think that my account would be cancelled without knowing why, I've been proven wrong. 
Not once but twice, after a recent  unannounced change to the ruby interface which broke our checkout process, we were in the middle of re-integrating Coinbase into a new version of our website. 
This event is both disconcerting and to me, unprecedented. That if I did my business in an open and transparent fashion, honestly, I would not be a victim to such circumstances.
This happened, now I know, and  can see how unwise my misplace trust was. I did not know who I was dealing with.
@_date: 2015-08-15 00:43:28
I was indeed unaware that this was happening, and I regret that. If I had known I would of moved much earlier. 
In my defense, when creating my merchant account over two years ago, Coinbase did not have a reputation for being asshats.
@_date: 2015-08-15 00:53:02
You were mistaken, your "team" was wrong weren't they?
I had sent the transaction with my initial ticket, and it had been reviewed as paid out -- but this was not the case. 
So, to recap:
Cancel my merchant capabilities for undisclosed reasons.
I open a ticket asking for charge out of last transaction, it is classified as spam - lost.
I write support via reddit, I am informed it is charged out. I respond "no, it really isn't", a ticket that is ignored for two days.
I write you, and finally 5 days later, it is recognized as an error.
So you mysteriously discriminate against me, and then make me pursue my own money.
This is how a competent organization acts?
@_date: 2015-08-14 02:27:26


Same can be said of their competitors, and many seem to feel even more so.
You think the OPs complaint, and mine that shadow it exactly, in this ridiculous airline speak (e.g. at this time we'd like to remind you to put...):
 *" Unfortunately we will need to suspend your merchant payment tools, effective today...At this time we are not able to provide additional information about this change."* 
This a way to treat customers that are day to day consumers of the service they are making money off of?  They seem to realize, given the text of the message that it is likely to piss people off, but you can't?  It isn't that they they stopped me from using the service - their ball they can take it home.  It is, I think apparent to the most causal of folks reading this, it is how they did it.
What if they stopped doing business with me because my real name sounds Jewish, or I've been an outspoken critic of their service? And instead of saying that, they say instead, "At this time we are not able to provide additional information"   Is that even reasonable?
And in my case, I'm looking for final remittance that has not occurred as promised. Insult to injury.
@_date: 2015-08-13 22:33:03


Only if support responds can you talk to someone.... Since it is difficult to get that to happen this is pretty useless advice.
@_date: 2015-08-13 21:20:39
I got the same [exact notification]( the difference being they are still sitting on my coins - support claims it has been paid out, but no cash three days later. Support has stopped responding.
I've been with them for over two years, and all transactions have been on the up and up.
Given that this could happen to anyone, suspension of your account with no disclosed reason, why would anyone trust them far enough to merit integrating their service with your own?