@_author: wcb1
@_date: 2017-07-18 04:12:46
This seems very stupid of the Bitcoin Core devs - so they knew what this 'unknown block version is'?! So why are they telling their users it is 'unknown'? This is really dumb - and all this chaos and confusion is just going to send the BTC price plummeting very soon. I am a developer myself and I've spent days reading about the segwit2x/USAF/hard fork etc - and I'm still confused. I've read a few articles that seem to contradict each other. Personally i'm swapping my entire long term holdings into ETH until this mess is fixed.
@_date: 2017-07-18 05:32:16
So the bitcoin Core developers are not able to control what the message says in the Bitcoin Core wallet, which they made?! And they don't even write anything about this on their blog? Maybe something like 'don't panic when you see the hard coded warning message - because that's just the BIP91 signal'. Maybe that would help to not start a panic flash crash. 
@_date: 2017-07-18 06:03:38
yes i am sure, thanks - and LTC.
I'm guessing the only people who aren't, haven't read the doomsday note yet: 
"This means that any bitcoins you receive during this period could disappear from your wallet or be a type of bitcoin that other people will not accept as payment, until the situation is resolved.
Once the situation is resolved, confirmation scoring will either automatically return to their normal reliability or there will be two (or more) competing versions of Bitcoin as a result of a split block chain. In the former case, you may return to using Bitcoin normally; in the latter case, you will need to take extra steps in order to begin safely receiving bitcoins again." - from bitcoin.org.
hmmm..... that gives me a great sense of confidence. A split block chain will be a complete disaster. So it seems like a 50/50 gamble now, either Bitcoin survives the 1st Aug or it won't.
And when the mass public hear about this - probably on July 31st - there will be total panic. Who knows how long it will take to recover.