@_author: we_are_never_safe
@_date: 2015-06-20 14:38:28
I don't know how this went 10 hours without gold but I have righted the wrong.  :-)
@_date: 2014-11-01 18:32:38


Well la-te-dah. So you were on a first name basis with Dr. King. No need to rub it in our faces,dude.
@_date: 2017-06-10 05:15:37


Ugh. This analogy was inevitable. Thanks for taking the fall. The problem is that you are comparing a business strategy taken by a ballsy genius - during a period of time that less than 10 people on the planet could decipher what he was even saying. Of the 10, maybe 5 had any hint at what was at stake (personal and planetary reward). This all simply goes back to the brilliance, timing and confidence that is a shared trait from Galileo through Einstein and Jobs. When these guys were defining and creating their inevitable meta contributions, I'm certain that portfolio diversification was completely irrelevant to them (thank god).
I'm not discounting anyone's opinion on wealth diversification - I'm just calling weaksauce on the references you invoked. Gates' most ardent angel investors clearly might have been properly balancing their own capital. But I have a feeling that their bet was on the man, not the technology that many of them were incapable of even understanding. That's not a rub on them. When that call came from IBM Chicago in 1985 personal computing was mostly still voodoo. Much the same way that Bitcoin was the first two years - and still is to the masses.
The real conversation regarding diversification among many early adopters is the result of the unexpected, extreme wealth many have created for themselves and their families. Diversification in 2017 is not voodoo, it is a proven model to aid in self preservation and a hedge for MANY people that don't want to go back to shitty jobs mere survival that was their definition of life and future up until 1999. The freedom created by the Bitcoin technology and the wealth it created for many is the modern day sacrosanct that many of the people who are involved realize they may never have achieved if not for the opportunities created by the Bitcoin world. I posit that putting all eggs in one basket is NOT a heroic, admirable, or necessary risk and certainly contrary to anything Gates would proscribe at this point in his life.