@_author: weavejester
@_date: 2014-03-25 13:45:07
I'm not sure I buy the security argument. From a security perspective, storing a cryptographic hash of the data in the blockchain is no less secure than storing the data itself.
I guess it does prevent making a lookup to a secondary source, and avoids the problem of making the secondary source reliably available.
@_date: 2014-10-08 10:28:57
Are you talking about the existing policy of rewarding miners with new coins, or are you talking about hypothetically adding more coins to the network than the 21 million limit that's currently planned?
@_date: 2014-03-07 04:17:49
The reporter also wrote up a somewhat unlikely dialogue with a cop that happened to know who Satoshi was without being told. Unless she was recording Dorian, it's entirely possible she misheard or misunderstood.
There's an [AP interview]( that sheds some light on the matter. It turns out Dorian worked for a military contractor, and when you read the quote in the Newsweek article with that in mind, it sounds far more plausible that Dorian is taking about being unable to speak about the work he did for the military.
Imagine you had never heard of Bitcoin before, didn't speak perfect English, and a random reporter started asking questions about it. You might assume that it was something to do with your previous engineering work for the military, and then tell her that you're "no longer involved in that and I cannot discuss it".
@_date: 2014-03-25 13:04:55
They must be. I guess they're trying to avoid having their own servers or creating their own DHT.
@_date: 2014-03-25 12:16:29
40 bytes is more than enough space to store most cryptographic hashes. Why does counterparty need any more than that?
@_date: 2014-06-21 13:55:22
To quote Gavin Andresen:




@_date: 2014-03-25 19:54:20
You're taking this very personally, especially given that I haven't been particularly critical.
Saying that a developer is trying to avoid doing work isn't a criticism; it's what good developers do. Reinventing the wheel is generally something to be avoided, and I don't blame PhantomPhreak in the least for piggybacking on top of the Bitcoin blockchain.
But nor is it the end of the world if OP_RETURN is capped at 40 bytes. It might make PhantomPhreak's task a little more difficult, but that's just something you need to deal with if you're using an out-of-band channel. It's nothing particularly unusual.
Being an "armchair critic" is part and parcel of software development. Weighing in on technical issues is fine, as long as (a) you're polite, and (b) you know more or less what you're talking about.
@_date: 2014-06-21 15:18:17
Weirdly the openport8333 site itself links to it.
@_date: 2014-03-25 19:20:07
What perspective? You've described two unrelated things.
@_date: 2014-06-14 16:47:57
Or any other currency. Or any product.
@_date: 2014-06-17 04:28:05
The author seems to take the selfish mining strategy as something known to work, but it's never been observed or shown to work, and the paper that introduced the idea uses a model that makes a lot of assumptions. It's far from a proven attack, and there's a lot of skepticism whether it would actually work in practice.
The core dev team tends to take a conservative approach to changing network behaviour, as any changes to the network rules may have unforeseen consequences. Proposals to change the protocol according to theoretical attacks based on incomplete models are generally met with a request for more evidence.
The nature of the blockchain means that 51% attacks, even more subtle variations, are generally pretty obvious. Even attacks that provide some measure of plausible deniability become suspect if they happen with statistically improbable frequency.
@_date: 2017-03-18 15:40:25
Currently Bitcoin has a hardcoded limit on the rate of transactions. BU is a hard fork (i.e. not backward compatible) that makes that limit configurable by clients. People against BU say a hard fork is dangerous, and fear that by removing the limit, the rate of transactions will increase to the point where the blockchain requires more bandwidth and HD space than the average user can supply. Proponants of BU say that we need to remove the hard limit *sometime* for Bitcoin to grow, and that bandwidth and HD space easily outpace Bitcoin's growth.
Segwit is a soft fork (i.e. backward compatible) that doesn't change the limit, but does make it so that twice as many transactions can be fit in the same block. It also fixes transaction malleability, which is necessary for things like the Lightning Network, which is an off-chain solution for faster Bitcoin transactions. People against Segwit argue that there might be better solutions to transaction malleability (like Flexible Transactions), and that the Lightning Network as currently designed will inevitably coalesce in a few large, centralised payment hubs. Proponents say that a soft fork is safer, and that the Lightning Network is necessary to solve the problem of sellers waiting for transactions to be confirmed.
Basically both sides are saying "Our solution scales Bitcoin more reliably, and your solution will result in Bitcoin becoming centralised."
@_date: 2016-01-30 16:04:23
I can't claim to have been as thorough as and I can only offer general observations. Speed and connection for single hops are good to the point where I generally don't think of them. Single hop to my closest VPN in the UK adds about 15ms of latency and high definition video plays without issue.
A multihop between, say, the UK and the US does start to get noticeable, both in terms of latency, around 100ms, and HD video takes some initial buffering time. For general web browsing, I don't think I'd be able to tell whether I was using multihop between continents, or single hop to a server in my own country.
In terms of downtime... there have been a couple of instances over the past year where a particular multihop route hasn't worked for me, but in both those cases I just switched to another set of servers.
I used to use IVPN via OpenVPN using Viscosity on OSX, but I've since switched to IVPN's own client. Their client makes choosing multihops easier, and it has a firewall you can activate to prevent traffic from avoiding the VPN from system boot onward, which is a nice touch. I have this on permanently, as there's no reason not to.
In terms of what the service lacks... It has less servers than many of its competitors. This may be because it's smaller, or because it takes more care where it hosts it's servers.
It's hard to tell how private a company actually is, but IVPN seems to take it seriously. I haven't noticed anything about them that would suggest otherwise, at least.
@_date: 2016-01-30 15:35:28
I've been using IVPN for over a year. Is there anything in particular you want to know about it?
@_date: 2011-04-28 11:05:08
The same way it collects taxes for dollars. Tax evasion is not exactly a new idea. People have been hiding money away from the IRS for years without the aid of cryptographic currencies.
When looking for tax evasion, the IRS typically looks at what you buy. If you declare your income as $30k p.a., but then go out and buy a $100k sports car, the IRS is likely to sit up and notice.
Sure, if you kept your funds hidden away and never bought anything of value, perhaps the IRS would never find you. But that rather defeats the point of having money in the first place, and you could achieve the same result with a talented accountant and a bunch of off-shore accounts.
@_date: 2011-05-17 22:42:17
Mining pools provide more consistent payments, but averaged over a long enough period, there's no difference between self-mining and mining in a pool. 
@_date: 2011-04-29 10:30:40
I believe that's the idea. If bitcoin ever takes off, the bounty for solving a block would be significant, but the chance of you solving the block first would also be very low. I suspect most people running supernodes would get together in large mining pools to guarantee a certain rate of return.
Also, in the future the 50 BTC reward will be less than it is now, as the reward gets smaller the closer we get to 21 million total bitcoins.
@_date: 2011-05-17 16:02:40
The current bitcoin economy would need to become over a million times larger before the current limits on divisibility become a problem. I think we have a while before this becomes a problem.
@_date: 2011-05-17 15:41:25
1) If you lose the keys in your wallet, that money can never be recovered. Regularly backing up your wallet.dat file is therefore a very good idea.
Although there can only ever be 21 million bitcoins, each bitcoin can be subdivided up to 8 decimal places. So even if half of all bitcoins are lost, there would still be 1,000,000,000,000,000 units of currency that could be used.
2) When a person solves a block, they can award themselves 50 new bitcoins, and take all of the transaction fees in that block.
Because bitcoins tend toward 21 million, the amount of new bitcoins they are allowed to generate will decrease over time, and the majority of their reward will be made up of the transaction fees.
@_date: 2011-05-04 13:18:48


There is no scalability problem. As the number of transactions increases, so too does the financial reward for solving a block.
Once blocks get sufficiently large, most desktop clients will begin to use the simplified payment verification method, instead of verifying the full block chain. The task of verifying the block chain would fall to supernodes.


There is no difference between a normal client in the bitcoin network today, and a supernode in a theoretically much larger bitcoin network.
It's important to realise that there wouldn't just be a handful of supernodes; there'd be hundreds of thousands. Transaction fees would ensure that anyone with sufficient hardware and bandwidth could turn a profit by running a supernode.
Theoretically, the network could be compromised if an attacker had access to over 50% of the supernodes, but the larger the bitcoin economy, the more money would be required to do that. By the time the bitcoin network has to handle 20ktps (assuming that ever happens), the economy will be so large that it would be extremely difficult for any one entity to find enough computing power to compromise the network. It would be even more difficult for an attacker to hide the fact that they control the majority of the bitcoin network.
In short, scalability isn't really an issue.
@_date: 2011-05-10 00:53:45
A lot of the bitcoin pools have pages on which clients are out there and how to set them up:
* 
* 
Mining clients are also often announced on the Bitcoin forums:
* 
@_date: 2011-06-22 22:32:08


So it's realistic to expect people to remember random digits in a PIN, but completely unrealistic to expect them to remember a sentence of a few words? That seems hard to swallow. Do you have any evidence that people can more easily remember random digits than words arranged in a sentence?
Secondly, you've yet to suggest a viable alternative. Two-factor authentication would, as far as I can see, require trusting a third party and their servers with your private key. Any benefits one might get from two-factor authentication seem outweighed by the need to give people access to your private key.
@_date: 2011-05-01 10:50:30
Unfortunately a lot of internet payment services have clauses in their terms and conditions that would prevent them from being used to buy bitcoins.
Amazon Payments [forbids](


Google Checkout [forbids](




@_date: 2011-05-19 18:04:06
If it's not profitable to mine, then less people would do it and the difficulty would decrease, or else the cost of bitcoins will rise. But at this point you can still recover the value of your entire computer within a few months, which is considerably faster than your hardware deprecates in value.
@_date: 2011-06-22 09:52:31


You don't have to have a random password with numbers and punctuation for it to be secure; you just need a password with sufficient entropy.
For instance, a password of 12 characters that uses upper and lower case, numbers and punctuation has an equivalent entropy to 5 random English words.


You just said "offline brute force". I don't believe you said it had to be remote.


The discussion was about securing bitcoin wallets; i.e. a file full of private keys. You said that passwords were "worthless" and that "smartcards or the like" should be used instead, but you haven't explained how you can secure a private key with two-factor authentication.
@_date: 2011-06-22 00:42:37


Why not? It seems to me that it's easier to remember a short sentence than a PIN, and a short sentence has sufficient entropy to be a secure password.


Right, but you said that two-factor protected you against "offline brute force". I know a lot of people who keep their RNG in their laptop bag.
And you still haven't explained how you can secure a private key with two-factor authentication without entrusting the private key to a third party.
@_date: 2011-05-17 13:50:34
Sure, if everyone you send bitcoins to is secretly a government agent, then you're not going to be able to remain anonymous. But no anonymous network can function if the majority of nodes are colluding.
If you really wanted to remain anonymous, you could use multiple laundry services, or even set up a laundry service yourself. The more steps you take, the less likely it is that everyone involved is a government agent, but you can never be 100% certain.
@_date: 2011-05-17 08:34:28
How do you figure? If a merchant buys bitcoins with address A, and then sells with address B, how do you know if A and B are the same person?
Additionally, you can always mix things up further using launderer, as MisterNetHead points out.
@_date: 2011-04-28 13:59:26
Let's assume you're correct, and only 1% of returns can be audited. Even if 50% of the population decides to commit tax evasion, each individual will have a 2% chance of being prosecuted each year. If an individual started work at age 25, and retired at 65, whilst continually evading income tax, the odds are around 55% they'd be caught and sentenced.
Secondly, professional criminals are, well, *professional criminals*. They know where to go to fence stolen goods, who to ask for under-the-counter deals, and what tricks to use to evade the cops. Your average Joe does not know how to do this. It's unrealistic to expect everyone to suddenly become master criminals just because they get pseudonymous electronic money.
There are also a lot of large corporations who use all kinds of tricks to avoid paying taxes. And yet the system has yet to collapse. Even if the rate of tax avoiders goes up, you can increase the taxes to compensate. You can also increase the amount of people being audited, and the amount of punishment they get for tax evading.
The fact is that you cannot live in the real world and completely hide your wealth. At worst, even everyone decided to give the government the middle finger and tell the government *nothing whatsoever*, the government could tax people based on the value of the land they own. But in reality, the vast majority of people will continue to obey the law and continue to report their earnings honestly (more or less).
@_date: 2011-04-28 00:02:37
That's a rather pessimistic attitude. The US government has a long history of failing to outlaw cryptography and P2P networks. Why assume they'll try and succeed with Bitcoin?
@_date: 2011-04-28 02:12:15
What disastrous consequences would they be?
@_date: 2011-05-22 19:15:55
You're assuming that everyone will stop using dollars and euros in favour of the exclusive use of bitcoins. This seems rather unlikely, particularly in the short term.
@_date: 2011-05-19 09:24:22
A 5870 will now make about $300 a month in coins if left running continuously (I get 340 MHash/s from mine, which equates to 42.58 BTC p.m). The electrical costs for that are likely to be below $100. So it's still profitable, but you're making $200 profit rather than the $400 you'd be making if there were no difficulty increase.
@_date: 2011-05-22 20:54:23
Nope. There have been [community currencies]( in the US for decades.
It *is* illegal to create coins or notes that resemble those minted by the Federal Reserve, as Liberty Dollars found out. But since Bitcoins aren't green pieces of paper, they're in no danger of falling afoul of that particular law.
@_date: 2011-04-28 00:14:13
They could do the same thing with a standard Paypal account by claiming a chargeback after receiving the item. This sometimes happens when selling on eBay.
The thing is that this qualifies as fraud. They've agreed to give you X amount of currency in exchange for an item. If they refuse to confirm the order they're committing a crime, even if the currency has appreciated in value in that time.
So in this case all you need to do is go to the escrow service and show them evidence the package was delivered. If you can do this, they'll give you the money and blacklist the receiver, and you can report the receiver to the police.
@_date: 2011-05-16 20:40:14
No, because there's nothing stopping me from transferring all my bought bitcoins to a new account. How would the currency exchange know who owned the second account?
@_date: 2011-06-21 09:49:06


In this case we're talking about encrypting a wallet with money in it, and people seem to be able to remember their bank PIN numbers.


Sure, but you're relying on users to be smart enough to realise that, which is not too different from relying on users to be smart enough to pick a good password.
@_date: 2011-05-09 10:09:01


It's not pointless busywork. The purpose of mining is prevent double-spending, which it achieves by ensuring that a certain amount of work needs to be done to create a new block.
Surely you should know something about the system you've written pages of criticism about?


... apparently not!
@_date: 2011-06-23 01:50:02


You're drawing an arbitrary line between passwords (which cannot be remembered) and a PIN (which can be remembered), but are unable to point out any difference between the two. 
I could equally claim that only Facebook account passwords can be remembered, because there's only one Facebook password, but hundreds of passwords for other sites.
You do mention that PINs are short, but as I've already pointed out, a five word sentence has sufficient entropy to secure an account, and is as easy, if not easier, to remember than five random digits.
So unless you can come up with a significant difference between a set of random digits that secure financial information, and a set of random words that secure financial information, your argument is clearly invalid.


Ah, trotting out an [argument from authority]( I see.
This would be more convincing if you sounded like you knew what you were talking about. You're advocating two-factor authentication for securing a private key, and I've repeatedly asked you how you think that could work without sharing said key with a third party. Since you're a self-proclaimed expert, might I enquire whether you consider it acceptable security practise to spread private keys around?


So why on earth bring it up? If you had bothered to read the title of this thread, you'd know that we're talking about securing a file on a private computer that will be read by one person.
@_date: 2011-06-21 01:21:46
Point taken.
However, perhaps this problem could be solved by generating a set list of sufficiently random passwords, and allowing the user to pick one. For instance, one could use a markov chain to generate a few random sentences, and have the user pick one for their passphrase.
@_date: 2011-04-28 15:31:52
I don't see the problem.
If bitcoins ever become as widely used as you imagine, the process of verifying the block chain will be handled by large supernodes - essentially data centres filled with servers with high-bandwidth connections. These supernodes would be paid for by charging a small percentage to handle each transaction.
10GB per 10 minutes is less than 20MB/s, which is frankly trivial for any data centre to handle. I'm not sure why you think that this is an impossible level of traffic to handle. Websites like Facebook and Google already handle tens of thousands of times more data, and by the time bitcoins become a major currency (if they ever do), bandwidth and computing costs will be even cheaper.
So what exactly is the problem here?
@_date: 2011-05-03 21:01:50
If you know what you're talking about, then you must be trolling. The cost of the hardware and bandwidth necessary to handle 20ktps would be paid for by the substantial transaction fees rewarded for solving a block.
@_date: 2011-04-28 15:57:38
Becoming a bank is a lot harder and a lot more capital intensive than buying a server that can handle 20MB/s of traffic.
Even if bitcoins become the dominent currency in the world, anyone with a few thousand dollars of initial capital could start a supernode.
@_date: 2011-04-28 22:10:08
That would only matter if there were relatively few supernodes. Although 2000tps might be too much for your average home computer, you could buy a server and bandwidth for a few thousand dollars a month.
So you'd maybe need a few thousand dollars of initial capital to buy the hardware, but transaction fees would cover the ongoing costs, so a supernode would cost nothing to keep running, and might even turn a profit.
In short, we're not talking centralisation. If bitcoin becomes the world's leading currency (which is a big "if"!), then we'd end up with a few billion clients and a few million supernodes. No big deal.
@_date: 2011-04-28 19:32:43




No it isn't. You don't understand basic probability.
Let's say I have a 50% chance of being caught, which can be represented by a fair coin toss. If I get heads, I escape the IRS, but if I get tails, the IRS catches up to me and the game is over.
Over a 40 year period, the coin will be tossed 40 times. In order for me not to be caught at all, I need to get heads 40 times in a row. By your argument, the chance of doing this is just 50%! That sounds just a *little* wrong, doesn't it?
To work out the actual probability, you raise the chance of escaping to the power of the number of years, e.g.
    0.5 ^ 40 = 0.00000000000091
    0.98 ^ 40 = 0.45
@_date: 2011-08-12 14:18:23


The money is essentially the market price of Bitcoin's double-spending security. Assuming your calculations are accurate, then the market considers Bitcoin's security to be worth $11 million p.a.
This number doesn't have to be sustainable. If the market cap of the Bitcoin economy drops, then miners will begin to drop out, the difficulty will drop, and the electricity costs per Bitcoin will decrease in turn.
@_date: 2011-06-19 00:20:15
Passwords are not "worthless" by any stretch of the imagination. A good password cannot be brute-forced, and is not used on other sites. It's true that passwords are vulnerable to keylogging, but they're not vulnerable to theft, unlike a smartcard.
@_date: 2011-05-22 11:23:08
Probably. The market cap is around $40 million, but to rewrite Bitcoin's block chain you'd need at least 20 PFLOPS of processing power. Given that China's TH-1 supercomputer cost $88 million to make and only clocks in at 2.5 PFLOPS, Bitcoin is probably safe from legitimately-obtained computing power.
The only question is whether there's a botnet out there that could potentially exceed all existing supercomputers. In that case, it might be worth their while to try and subvert the system - but if the computing power of the network suddenly doubled, it would be pretty obvious an attack was taking place.
@_date: 2011-06-21 02:29:34
I disagree. Most people can remember 4 or 5 random digits, and it seems to me that a password of 5 words arranged in a memorable sentence would be easier to remember, yet still provide sufficient entropy to make breaking the encryption infeasible.
Secondly, 2-factor authentication would only protect against offline brute force if you assume that the key is not stolen with the computer, or if the user has picked a strong enough password. If a user is not security-conscious enough to be trusted to pick a good password, as you imply, then what are the chances they'll keep their keycard separate from their laptop bag?
Finally, since we're talking about securing bitcoin wallets, how do you propose we get 2-factor authentication to work on an encrypted keyfile?
@_date: 2011-06-21 00:10:33
Both the attacker and defender are looking for repeatable patterns; the only difference is in their motivations. The attacker wants to exploit patterns in passwords; the defender wants to eliminate them.
However, the defender has two advantages. The first is that it gets to see the passwords entered by the user, whilst the attacker has to search blind. The second advantage is that the defender can check the password in O(1) time, whilst the attacker has to settle for O(N) time; for instance, checking for dictionary words is a hash lookup for the defender, but a brute force search for the attacker.
So given that the defender is faster and has more data, it seems a battle weighted in the defender's favour.
@_date: 2011-05-17 20:26:03


It's secure in the sense that no-one can take bitcoins from you without your private keys, but if everyone you trade with is colluding, then obviously your anonymity is going to be compromised. The same goes for any anonymous network, including Tor.


Sure. You could set up a P2P network where each peer broadcasts a bitcoin address. You pick an address at random, and then send a small amount (say, 0.10 BTC). If the peer is honest, they will send you back an equivalent amount, but paid using coins with a different transaction history. If you keep repeating these steps, all the coins in the network will be completely mixed up.
You'd probably need some additional mechanism to discourage dishonest peers; ones that would take the money and run. One idea would be to require a certain amount of work, equivalent to what you'd need to earn 0.10 BTC honestly through a mining pool. That would ensure that there would be no financial incentive to being dishonest.
@_date: 2011-05-09 15:40:58
If pointless busywork has a point to it, then it's not really pointless.
@_date: 2011-05-18 11:33:47
If you choose a pool that charges, sure, but there are plenty of pools that don't charge. That said, a lot of people use slush's or deepbit, both which charge a percentage.
@_date: 2011-05-16 22:34:41
Yes, but there's nothing to link a bitcoin address back to a real-world identity.
Let's say I buy 10 bitcoins from you using address A, so you can then link address A with my credit card and real world identify.
However, I then transfer those bitcoins to address B. It may be that I also own address B, but it might equally be someone I owe money to. You have no way of knowing for sure who address B belongs to, and therefore no way of knowing who owns those 10 bitcoins.
@_date: 2011-06-22 23:27:40
What's the difference between a PIN and a password? Fundamentally, the only differences I can think of are:
1. A PIN consists of numbers only
2. A PIN is used to secure financial information
3. A PIN is inputted regularly to secure a transaction.
In this case, we're talking about a passphrase that secures a wallet full of bitcoins - in other words, something that secures financial information and is inputted regularly. That just leaves the question of numbers vs words, which I think we've already dismissed.
So unless you can think of any other difference between a wallet passphrase and a PIN number, the only conclusion is that if a user can remember a PIN, they can remember a passphrase.
@_date: 2011-05-22 19:24:06
No, trading dollars or resources for another currencies is not illegal in the US.
@_date: 2011-05-21 23:55:29
It's worth pointing out that the Bitcoin network has a *lot* of processing power behind it. It would take considerably more than a truckload of video cards to match it at this point.
@_date: 2011-06-19 17:47:45
It's not hard to require passwords to have a particular degree of entropy. One could take a look at what brute-force password crackers look for (dictionary words, etc.) and then from that work out the time taken to brute-force any given password.
And yes, passwords do not protect from all classes of attack, but no single security measure does. Good security is only achieved through a range of measures, such as a password plus a smart card.
@_date: 2011-05-23 17:31:02
The difficulty is only updated every 2016 blocks, so the current hash rate is actually more like 3000 GHash/s, which is equivalent to 3750 fast GPUs.
So we're talking around $3 million just in terms of hardware, but you also need to account for the cost of the data center, cooling, power supply, networking and engineering support.
For instance, the cost of supplying power to all that hardware would be over $1 million per month, without even accounting for cooling.
But maybe you could put together a data center powerful enough for $10 million. What then? The most you can do is reverse transactions, so if you want to recoup your $10m investment cost, you'll need to buy up at least $10m worth of bitcoins.
So you manage to buy up $10m worth of coins, and you now have $20m sunk into this venture. You can then sell off all these coins and then reverse the transactions so you can sell them *again*, recouping your losses through fraud.
Unfortunately for you, selling off a quarter of the market would immediately devalue the currency. You'd need to sell the money off gradually to prevent a market slump.
But *then* you have the problem of detection. It's going to be pretty obvious that you're screwing around with the block chain if suddenly long alternative branches start appearing, and people start screaming about their lost money. You also be losing a bunch of money in power and maintenance costs.
And therein lies another major problem; even *if* you had all that computing power, using it to reverse transactions would be a criminal act. You'd be charged under fraud and computer hacking laws if you were caught.
So its unlikely that someone would sink $20m into a venture to defraud a market worth only $40m, especially since the chance of making a profit and getting away with it seems rather slim.
If you were a hacker with a large enough botnet, then it *might* be worthwhile, but you'd only be able to scam a small fraction of the market before you were found out and people stopped sending you money. It would probably be more profitable to use your vast botnet for spam, DDOS attacks, etc.
If your objective was just to devalue the bitcoin currency for some reason, then it would probably be easier to buy up most of the market, and then resell at decreasing prices until the currency collapses in value.
@_date: 2011-05-22 16:07:22
[Bitcoin Watch]( claims that we're at 40 PFLOPS, but I suspect this hasn't been adjusted for more efficient miners.
I can manage 340 MHash/s with a single 5870, which according to the specs clocks in at 2.72 TFLOPS. So that means 1 TFLOP is about equivalent to 125 MHash/s. So by my back-of-the-envelope calculations, the network is currently running at 25 PFLOPS.
That said, hashing generally relies in integer math rather than floating point math, so I'm unsure of whether FLOPS is a good measurement in this case.
@_date: 2011-06-20 11:03:54
First, it's an arms race weighted in favor of the defender. As the entropy increases, it gets progressively harder for the attacker to keep up.
Second, using a password cracker isn't quite what I had in mind. A password cracker works blind, but a function that calculates the entropy of a password does not.
@_date: 2011-04-28 14:30:46


Right, but there are legitimate ways of returning an item should you decide not to go through with the order. At least in the UK, you can return any item bought online up to 7 days after receiving it, irregardless of whether anything is wrong with it.
So if you buy something very expensive with bitcoins, and they suddenly leap in value, then you may want to return the item and reclaim the money. But many items are returned every day anyway, and by the time the bitcoin market is large enough to matter, there will be much less volatility.
@_date: 2017-06-25 04:23:24


But isn't doing the same thing? The mods of this subreddit frequently remove posts that contradict their viewpoint, even perfectly polite ones from old accounts.
I guess it could be argued that removing posts is more open than using sockpuppets, in that we can always check ceddit to see which posts have been removed. However, this subreddit's censorship isn't exactly advertised, and posts that mention it tend to be removed.
The other Bitcoin subreddit has it's own problems; while the mods don't appear to remove posts often there, posts that are supportive of Core tend to be heavily downvoted, regardless of their merits.
For the record, I tentatively support Segwit2x, but when it comes to trying to control the narrative through less-than-honest means, neither subreddit is in a position to freely throw stones.
@_date: 2017-06-25 21:30:51


Have you actually looked? Do you check ceddit whenever there's a bitcoin post with a lot of comments? Just take a look at how many comments were removed in [this thread](


People *have* been doing this for years. There are long posts like [this]( and [this]( that provide many examples of censorship, and there are many isolated examples if you just search for "[censorship]( in &gt; Make a post on and ask everyone to provide their evidence.
Are you kidding? Half the posts on there are loud complaints about censorship and screenshots of deleted posts. Their FAQ specifically calls out censorship in this subreddit as the reason their subreddit exists.
@_date: 2017-06-25 17:35:19
Your observations don't contradict what I'm saying. I'm not saying *every* post with dissenting views are removed, merely that it happens frequently. Unless you check ceddit religiously, you wouldn't notice that posts are being deleted.
This isn't even a secret. To quote Theymos:


Now, in that case he was talking about temporary rules, but the mod team certainly isn't shy about removing posts, changing sort orders, or using changing the subreddit's CSS to support their narrative.
And to some extent I'm sympathetic. There's a fine line between censorship and good moderation. Keeping discussion civil sometimes necessitates removing posts. Where I disagree is that the moderators don't try to act neutrally, but heavily support one side over the other. There's a sense of "the ends justify the means", that anything is acceptable as long as it supports what the mods consider to be the right solution.