@_author: weazle865
@_date: 2013-04-08 14:28:14
To everyone out their please read this. Just recently last week I placed a large quanity order. I received no BC for over a week and had sent countless and countless emails and phone call voicemails. After almost two weeks I finally posted on bitinstant facebook page where they immediately responded. They claimed I gave the incorrect BC account address. They claimed the casing was wrong on one letter. The did not honor the quoted price and BC had tripled in that time I am almost sure Bitinstant is taking advantage of the BIG orders. Thy are holding people money to make aprofit off of it. To test this theory I ordered gain last night even after my bad experience. Almost 300$ last nigh and no word. I even copy and pasted my address and still no bitcoins. I do a lot o BC business so i liked bitinstant at first but now im starting to despise them i mean come one guy we are spendin good money and most of us are just getting our money held or just ignored this is bullshit i ORDERED LAST NIGHT...i also have my payment confirm and all and still nothing not even the blockchain. They have not even ttempted to send me coins. This is Ludacris and im tired of it. 
@_date: 2013-04-08 16:42:37
Last time I had a horrible experience and they claimed it was because I gave them wrong bitcoin address and they told me I should have copy and pasted it...So I did just that this time and double checked my info. Still they are holding my money on my order again no sign of the funds even being transferred on blockchain.info
And to think I already had on bad experience so I believed bitinstant and tried again without that issue even being possible and somehow they are still holding my money again. No response to emails no response to phone calls. And the worst part is last time this happened they held my funds for weeks and did not honor the rate at which I purchased them. Guarentee they are doing this again and this is what they are doing for everyone. They are holding our money for profit is my theory. If this wasn't the case they were process the orders like they should and would have Snappy Support replys........DUDE Bitinstants SLOGAN IS            -- TIME IS MONEY........Obvviously they know what they are talking about the more time they hold our money the more money they make simple as that.