@_author: weedisluv
@_date: 2018-02-13 05:11:35
I'll stick by what I've said, I don't think Bitcoin will perform well when considering what the Chinese and Indian governments have voiced. 
1) Again, we would have to assume that with bartering, both the buyer and seller would be okay with possessing Bitcoin, something that is increasingly becoming more and more unlikely in countries like China and India where the government cannot exert influence upon it. 
2) I can't talk about California since I'm not even American and am unfamiliar with laws. However, in Canada one of the nice things about bitcoins was the ability to avoid taxes on any profit, which is now pointless since the Canadian revenue service now wants everyone to pay taxes similar to that on stocks and other holdings/investments. That alone will probably remove quite a few wallet owners. 
3) Bitcoin will never stop growing however, there's no doubt that transactions are no longer increasing at the pace they once were and with the volatile price smaller investors are a lot less likely to put any significant sum of money into something that is by no means easy to comprehend. 
Again, like I've said Bitcoin itself probably won't stop existing, but I don't see it being adopted on a wider scale than it is now, and I certainly don't see it being adopted by countries like China and India. Perhaps we can agree to disagree?
@_date: 2018-02-11 00:39:20
Nobody is saying bitcoin mining itself will be banned but the currency will essentially be null and void if no government on earth will allow it to be used in transactions. One of the reasons bitcoin was rising so quickly was the hopes that most governments would recognize its usefulness and would be open to domestic transactions at the very least. Instead, the complete opposite has happened and governments refuse to grant bitcoin any legitimacy. It may not be banned in the sense that nobody is able to mine it, but it will be almost obsolete to pay for bitcoin mining builds if there's no profit to be made. This sure isn't gold or another commodity you can touch and feel, nor are they like government bonds or stocks which are regulated, for the most part bitcoin will not remain in any government's hands nor will they have any control over it. Profit made from bitcoins rests entirely on whether or not people will invest in it, and by the looks of it people aren't investing anymore and therefore, profits will all but disappear aside for the few who bought bitcoin before it became mainstream and went up to thousands of dollars. 
@_date: 2018-02-12 09:27:23
Unfortunately, nothing. 
@_date: 2018-02-01 16:25:37
Lol, dude they just banned a shitload of notes a year ago. If they want to ban crypto they can and there's no way anyone will take the risk, there were plenty of people who took the risk with the note ban and got burned. 
@_date: 2018-02-02 03:17:31
I'm not referring to the nature of the currency, but rather the nature of people not wanting to invest or buy something their government is actively working to stop. No shit, they're not going to be able to ban something on computers, if they can't ban porn they can't ban bitcoins lol. 
@_date: 2018-02-01 16:30:13
If you were hoarding literal tons of cash in your house, then yes. If said money was in the bank then it had no effect on you. 
@_date: 2018-02-02 03:00:34
They can access exchanges anonymously, but that won't stop the government from fear mongering which unfortunately still works. One statement from the Indian government addressing bitcoins negatively and we will see a drop in transactions, no doubt. 