@_author: weep1ng4ngel
@_date: 2018-01-12 00:00:05
Hey there.  I ordered my BitPay card a month ago, and I'm having a similar (shitty) experience.  When I called they told me the same thing, and then asked for a picture of address verification like a bank statement or bill or whatever, but their phone support said they'll send me an email asking for it...
I go check my email and I get a sketchy ass email that's not even BitPay branded (says bitpay nowhere on it).
And before anyone asks, the phone number I called was a number I got from the order receipt email from ordering the card; it had my reference ID, my order ID, and this number, all from noreply
So the email was legit, but this phone support and secondary email are hella sketchy.
@_date: 2015-05-31 13:46:29
Also I'd like to point something out.  When gambling, I always seem to have better luck trading my btc for DOGE then coming here, because you'll have a much larger balance and be betting a small % of your total balance.
Which is also nice if you only have like 0.01btc because you can just buy DOGE with it and be able to play a lot more. :D
@_date: 2015-07-16 06:09:55
Well the nice thing about bitcoin wallets is they come with something called a Private Key.  Basically, if you write down this PK and put it somewhere safe, like with your Social Security Card or something else, if there ever is some kind of disaster and your pc is trashed, you can import that PK on another wallet and still have access to all your bitcoin. :)
But that reason is also the same reason you want to make sure nobody else finds your PK, otherwise they'll take your btc.
@_date: 2015-07-16 06:20:26
Aww, damn, I was gonna refer you. :/
@_date: 2015-07-16 06:22:55
I think we both get at least a little bit, if I remember right.  Right now though they're running a promotion where if you were to buy over $100 of bitcoin, they'd send me $25.
@_date: 2015-07-16 06:14:57
That would be something you can download.  There are multiple wallets, but if I were you I'd start with something simple.  Coinbase supplies you with a wallet when you create an account, so I would do that first, and then I could help you download what's called a desktop wallet.
Desktop wallets take a long time to sync and download the blockchain, which is why online wallets like Coinbase's are convenient, no download necesarry. :)
@_date: 2015-07-16 06:27:18
I wouldn't be too terribly worried, it's not like you're selling your house to buy some haha.  Bitcoin has been around a while, you're bound to make a little money :)  Just keep an eye on the price.
@_date: 2015-07-16 05:45:38
I'll try to explain it to the best of my ability.  Keep in mind, I am not an expert, I picked up bitcoin as a hobby about a year and a half ago at like 3am when I couldn't sleep, and have been learning ever since.
Bitcoin is essentially a virtual currency.  It's not controlled or monitored by a specific group or people.  To explain this a little better, let's hypothetically say you have one whole bitcoin right now, or 1 BTC.
Essentially, you would keep your btc in a 'wallet' which is a relatively lightweight program you would keep on your pc or mobile to hold your bitcoin.  Sending this bitcoin to another "wallet" is known as a transaction on what's called the blockchain.
The blockchain is more or less comprised of a few different things.  Each block on the blockchain, to put it simply, is a mathematical question, that has multiple parts.  Bitcoin miners, people who use their PCs (not really any more) or Application Specific Integrated Circuits (ASICs), are the guys using these techs to try and solve the mathematical question.  Basically, the bigger your rig or investment, the more "parts" you can contribute to the final answer, which you are rewarded for.
You don't really need to know EXACTLY how the above mentioned works, just know that all those miners out there are doing a process called "solving blocks" which in turn verifies on the transactions on the blockchain up to that point, allowing people to send any amount of bitcoin to each other.  In the actual coding for Bitcoin there's ~21,000,000 Bitcoins that will be mined total (someone correct me if I'm wrong).
I'm going to skip through a lot of the technical stuff now that you have a super basic understanding, and try to answer your question: How would Bitcoin benefit me or my family?
I suppose it would depend on what kind of benefits you're looking for.  If you don't trust banks or other financial institutions, you could buy bitcoin and keep it in a wallet as opposed to storing your cash at a bank.  In my opinion, both involve risk, the case with bitcoins being if someone stole your pc/mobile with the wallet on it, and you didn't have a passphrase on your wallet to protect it, your entire savings is now theirs to keep.  Same goes for if someone hacked into your computer.
A lot of people use Bitcoin as an investment opportunity, much like stocks.  That would be something that could potentially benefit your family.  Both involve risks, however the bitcoin price fluctuates a lot more than most stable stocks will.  For example, in the last couple weeks, Bitcoin went from about $230 each to $310 then back down to $280.  It's quite volatile.
I've tried to keep this simple so hopefully you will understand most if it, and I hope it helped.  If you have additional questions I will try to answer them. :)
@_date: 2015-07-16 06:24:30
I hope you enjoy the ride! :)
@_date: 2015-07-16 06:12:03
One of the best ways to buy Bitcoin relatively quick is through Coinbase, at least in my opinion.  If you'd like a link, let me know and I can throw you a referral, and I believe we'll both get a little bit for free. :)
@_date: 2015-07-16 06:19:34
Most of the Desktop Wallets are available for download here: 
Since you're just starting Bitcoin, I'd recommend downloading the one called Bitcoin Core.  But it's up to you.  Just wanted to give you this link for reference.  Like I said, the sync will take a few hours so you're better off starting with a Coinbase wallet, which I can get you a link for that as well.