@_author: wefivekings
@_date: 2014-12-31 21:50:28
*  FEDS paper concluded that Bitcoin had 100k unique daily users (UDU) at beginning of 2014, and that the number of UDUs had doubled every eight months for at least the prior three years.
*  If that trend continues, half the worlds population would be daily users of bitcoin within less than 10 years. 
*  The trend likely won't persist but very possibly could thanks to the Zero to One Principle, the law of accelerating returns, network effects, and the 10X Principle.
*  With 100k users, Mecalfe's Law puts the "value" of the Bitcoin network at $10 billion as of the beginning of 2014.  If doubling trend continues, "value" would be over $10 trillion in about three years.  If Metcalfe's "value" is a proxy for "usefulness", this will make it exceedingly difficult for any future competitors to be "10X better", or ten times more useful, than Bitcoin after that.  Their "value" or, or economic usefulness, would need to be $300 trillion.  
*  Its time for Bitcoin's detractors to explain what, exactly, can be expected to stop this trend (if anything), and why.
@_date: 2014-12-28 18:08:23
Not exactly. Read their methodology again. It's not perfect, but it's the best we can do, and it's at least marginally better than you suggest. 
@_date: 2014-11-09 17:40:46
Your English is excellent. 
@_date: 2014-11-09 16:45:47
Upvote @_date: 2014-12-28 18:03:21
That's why I said "if" current trend holds. The trend could decelerate. Or accelerate. 
Having said that, information technologies in general, and open source ones that benefit from network effects in particular, do tend to continue the trend in their exponential rate of adoption, if not accelerate it, once a firm pattern is established.  And I think three years of consistent exponential growth is likely long enough to establish the pattern in Bitcoin's case. The pattern is actually longer than three years , but the Fed only had three years of good data from which to extrapolate. 
*edited for typos 
@_date: 2014-12-28 18:31:43
Oct 2014 Fed study estimates that there are currently 100k unique daily on-chain users of bitcoin, with the number of unique daily users having doubled every eight months for at least the last three years.  And this doesn't count off-chain users (who exchange coins via Coinbase or Changetip, for instance). This growth pattern occurred during what it likely to be the most volatile and difficult part of bitcoin's life cycle.  Getting from zero to one is always the hardest part. 
So, if current trend holds, we are no more more than 11 years away from half the world's population using Bitcoin on a daily basis.  Do the math for yourself, if you like.  
Of course, the trend could accelerate or decelerate. But given the known tendency of open-source information technologies to continue, if not accelerate, on their exponential adoption pattern once it's firmly established, my guess is that Bitcoin will be no differently. And three years (longer really) is enough time in my mind to firmly establish the pattern. 
Rather that Bitcoin proponents having to continually explain why this pattern is likely to hold, it's increasingly incumbent upon its detractors to explain why it will not. Gox didn't stop it.  Extreme price volatility hasn't stopped it.  Regulations haven't stopped it.  Warren Buffett hasn't stopped it.  
It's increasingly difficult to imagine what will stop it.  The only thing that comes to mind is a better cryptocurrency.  But any competitor will have to be at least 10X better than Bitcoin to dethrone it, and that will be harder to do in the future (thanks to sidechains and Factom). 
@_date: 2014-12-26 15:40:35
Factom plus sidechains resolve most all bitcoin salability issues. Block size limit won't be an issue ultimately. 
@_date: 2014-12-28 18:57:00
Doubling every 8 months for three years is, by definition, exponential. 
@_date: 2014-12-28 19:22:46
Actually, they also estimated the current number of unique daily on-chain users at 100k. See page 17. At that pace you reach a billion in only a few short years.  
@_date: 2014-12-28 17:44:47
Per page 17, the Fed estimates that there are currently 100k unique daily on-chain users of bitcoin, with such users having doubled every eight months for at least the last three years.  At current trend, we are only ten years away from 1.6 billion daily on-chain users.   If we count off-chain users, we are perhaps less than five years away.  Regardless, if current trend holds, we are no more than 12 years away from half the world's population using bitcoin on-chain on a daily basis.  
Of course, much can go wrong in the meantime, but....
@_date: 2014-12-26 15:50:35
Timing is unpredictable.  That they will happen, and to some degree even how they will happen, is not. For instance, Taleb made his fortune in the 1987 crash by "predicting" that banks would fail.  He knew they would, he just didn't know exactly when or precisely what the catalyst would be. 
@_date: 2014-12-28 16:42:41
Interesting read.  But the analysis doesn't consider off-chain transactions, such as those taking place between/among users of Coinbase. Or Bitpay. Or more recently, Changetip.  I suspect that on-chain translations are currently more skewed towards investment and quasi-illegal purposes.  While off-chain transactions are currently more skewed toward payments for goods/services. I think both on and off chain analysis is required to get a full understanding on the current state of bitcoin as a payments network. 
@_date: 2014-12-28 17:45:56
Good point.  Actually, I'm not sure. Anyone else know for sure?
@_date: 2015-05-24 14:02:34
RemindMe! 3 years
@_date: 2015-01-03 01:30:26
Absolutely. 
@_date: 2015-01-16 02:15:45
Nice work. Have a beer on me. 
@_date: 2015-01-27 04:01:48
2000 bits
@_date: 2015-01-03 00:57:30
Oh, good catch!
@_date: 2015-01-03 21:36:20
1). A currency's price (purchasing power) declines as it's velocity increases.  As the recent working paper published by the DC Fed indicates, Bitoin's velocity is growing steadily.  
2). A currency's price declines as it is inflated. Bitcoin is being inflated at about 10 per year. 
3)  A fixed supply store of value like bitcoin is usually going to move inversely with the dollar.  The dollar is strengthening. 
4). Minors are dumping their newly-mined coins, putting further pressure on price.
5). Merchants are selling their bitcoin, likewise putting pressure on price. 
6) It's currently far, far easier to divest of Bitcoin than it is to acquire it.  
With the possible exception of velocity, all the above will rectify themselves eventually.  
 
@_date: 2015-01-18 02:52:39
RemindMe! 40 days
@_date: 2015-01-06 14:34:57
Untrue. Bitcoins can be broadcast over radio waves, for example. Internet not required, though undoubtedly helpful. Now, if we lost computers, that would be another story. 
@_date: 2015-01-01 23:45:48
There are more than you think, though they are admittedly hard to find.  I will try to get the Alliance to work to get merchants registered on coinmap. 
@_date: 2015-01-01 22:50:45
Some I interesting perspective on the future of Bitcoin from the Tennessee Bitcoin Alliance's General Counsel:  
@_date: 2015-01-01 01:24:53
Much appreciated. 
@_date: 2015-01-04 03:36:15
Inflation will decline. 
The dollar will eventually weaken. 
Minors will have fewer coins to dump after the next halving. 
Merchant selling will be offset totally or partially by eventual arrival of Wall Street money. 
It will eventually be as easy to buy as it currently is to sell. 
When those things happen, which may still be two years or more away,  price should begin to rise more steadily. As it does, more merchants will keep a larger portion of their procees in bitcoin, and their suppliers (many of which are foreign) will likewise begin to accept bitcoins, keeping more money in the ecosystem, putting additional pressure on price.
Or not. 
@_date: 2015-01-04 03:29:31
Very grateful!
@_date: 2015-08-02 18:56:47
Very, very well written.  You are clearly brilliant.  But, I do take issue with a few of your premises:
Your whole argument hinges upon the idea that failing to artificially cap the block size will result in centralization, or at least materially less decentralization.  But, there are many, many reasons to think this won't be the case.  In any event, you fail to explain or demonstrate why it will.  
Also, on the Bitcoin network, "payment" and and "settlement" are essentially one and the same.  Value is transferred directly from party A to party B at the time of the sale with essentially no delay and without the involvement of intermediaries.  There is thus no extension of "credit" in the payment layer which then later needs to be "settled" via the settlement layer.  With Bitcoin, payment = settlement. 
Third, as Metcalfe's Law and its derivatives indicate, the value of the Bitcoin network is a function of the number of users/nodes and their frequency of use. And, the value of individual bitcoins is a function of the value of the Bitcoin network, plain and simple.  The more useful the network to a greater number of people for as many possible reasons, the more value individual bitcoins are.  As bitcoins increase in value due to network growth, miners can easily afford to upgrade their equipment and Internet connection speeds, or even move to their businesses to jurisdictions with better connections/speeds. 
If bitcoins become exceptionally valuable, countries, states and cities will compete to attract full nodes.  A country's influence on world economics will be measured in part by how many full nodes operate within its borders (kind of like how such influence is currently measured by how many tons of gold each country has). The US will certainly never want to let China corner the market on full nodes, and vice versa.  Countries, states and cities may even begin to subsidize the cost of companies establishing full nodes in their jurisdiction by providing the necessary Internet infrastructure (kind of like they currently subsidize the cost of building NFL stadiums).    
The short, the most important way to ensure decentralization is a rising bitcoin price.  And the most certain way to achieve that is to make the Bitcoin network as useful as possible to the largest number of people for the greatest number of uses as possible as quickly as possible.  Placing an artificial cap on block size is anathema to this logic.    
@_date: 2015-08-15 19:33:41
A lawyer, CPA, very early bitcoin adopter, General Counsel for the Tennessee Bitcoin Alliance, and an all around great guy. 
@_date: 2015-08-08 21:58:29
Unique in that it is by far the largest, most secure, and most valuable. 
@_date: 2015-08-08 22:01:05
Exactly. 
@_date: 2015-08-02 17:29:25
Great points.  Yes, I agreed, developing the "starting point" or "starting value" is the great challenge.  
@_date: 2015-07-11 16:28:47
My pleasure. Pay it forward (in Bitcoin) when you can.  😉
@_date: 2015-07-11 15:26:32
send $25!
@_date: 2015-07-11 16:22:52
The model ignores a large number of obvious Bitcoin use cases, many of which (IMHO) hold more promise than the ones used by Luria in his model. 
Given the nearly infinite number of such use cases, constructing a bottom up (sum of the parts) valuation model seems hopeless. 
I have proposed that Bitcoin should be valued as a NETWORK, and individual bitcoins as the means of accessing that network. See my extensive thoughts on the subject here:  
Fortunately, we have established and (somewhat) proven models for valuing information networks--Metcalfe's Law and the "n log(n)" methodology--both of which emphasize that a network's value is a function of a single easily quantified variable--the number of users.  
Much more on this subject at the above link.   
(Edited for clarity)
@_date: 2015-09-07 23:52:51
It's not wildly different.  The difference in price charts (volatility) is explained by differences in the sizes of the networks.  A larger, more proven and more stable network will have a larger and more stable market cap and price chart, just like a Blue Chip stocks will have a much more stable chart than an upstart penny stock. The former is far more liquid than the latter, among other thing. The difference in charts is thus not attributable to some unique and magical quality of "tokens" versus stocks but rather simply to obvious differences in sizes of the network. 
@_date: 2015-09-07 15:08:47
Hmmm.  Good point and one that I'd like to explore further. 
In most networks, "holding" would not be the same as using.  For exampls, if it have an Interent or telephone connection but never use it, then I'm not making the overall network anymore valuable or useful.  
But, given that bitcoins are in limited supply while most other forms of network connection are not, maybe the analysis is a little different.  I will ponder some more.  Thanks for the suggestion.  
@_date: 2015-09-07 18:51:23
Every network is owned by someone who speculates on its value.  For instance, the AT&amp;T network is owned by AT&amp;T and people speculate on its value via AT&amp;T stock. Bitcoin is only different in the sense that its equity value is distributed among its users via the token. 
@_date: 2015-09-07 15:06:05
The network effect doesn't explain Bitcoin's price but rather its usefulness and therefore its value. Price is a function of supply and demand at a given moment, speculation, and discounted expcgqations of FUTURE usefulness.  By contrast, value is a function of the network's usefulness and capacity at the present moment and doesn't depend upon supply/demand, speculation or discounted expectations.  
@_date: 2015-09-21 20:03:09
Love the sarcasm. 😉
@_date: 2015-03-15 18:02:16
The paper's conclusion:
Bitcoin is fundamentally a network, and a uniquely useful one at that.  Individual bitcoins (or fractions thereof) represent the exclusive means of gaining write-access to the Bitcoin network.  Importantly, bitcoins provide such access not as a privilege or right granted by law but rather as a mathematical requirement of the system itself.  Without bitcoins, transacting via the bitcoin system is physically impossible.    
It’s a tautology to say that useful networks have use value.  And because bitcoins are the exclusive means of accessing the unique Bitcoin network and are limited in supply, they too have use value.  This demonstrates that bitcoins meet the requirements of Mises’s Regression Theorum.    
The two generally-accepted ways of determining the inherent usefulness of a network is Metcalfe’s law and the n log(n) formula (collectively herein called the “power law valuation metrics”).  Both indicate that the value of a network is a function of its number of nodes or users, though they disagree as to how much value each additional node adds.  Being more conservative and seemingly more realistic, the n log(n) formulation is probably to be preferred. 
Both of the power law valuation metrics describe only how much a network’s value varies as a function of changes in the number of its nodes.  Neither reveals what the network’s value actually is.  To determine actual value, one must make additional assumptions. 
By calculating and/or assuming the number of Bitcoin’s users (nodes) each year along with a use value for the network at any given point in time (“x”), we can use the power law valuation metrics to estimate an implied value per bitcoin at any other given time past or present.  Results of these calculations, as indicated in this essay, vary wildly based upon one’s assumption of “x” and which valuation metric preferred. 
However, despite wild fluctuations in bitcoin’s market price (likely due primarily to speculation and/or illiquidity), the number of unique daily users (nodes) of the Bitcoin network has doubled every eight months for at least the last three years, and the pace of adoption seemingly shows no signs of diminishing.  Consequently, both of the power law valuation metrics indicate that the intrinsic use value of the network has grown at an almost steady exponential rate for many years.  This suggests that bitcoin’s famous volatility in market price does not adversely impact network usefulness or slow the pace of user adoption. 
[See the paper for some interesting projections of the future value of individual bitcoins under various sets of assumptions.]
@_date: 2015-02-01 13:32:57
Concerns over hoarding are a canard. Any economics student will tell you that the value of a good or currency TODAY is equal to the discounted future expectations of value in the future.  This is why the Fed, in order to "create" inflation, must make QE announcements that, either as to timing or in amount, "shock" the market.  Shock and surprise is required because today's price ALREADY includes the market's expectations about what the Fed will do in the future.  
With Bitcoin, there can be no such "shocks" or surprises. The amount of bitcoins at any given point in the future is known with near certainty and cannot be changed by any centralized authority.  Thus, any market expectations about future value increases due to "deflation" are ALREADY built into TODAY'S price. "Hoarding" thus does not good.  
This is not to say that you can't make money hoarding bitcoins, since the market sometimes gets get things wrong--that is, market expectation prove to be too optimistic or pessimistic.  My point is only that "programmed" and scheduled deflation or disinflation can never incentivize hoarding, just a like programmed and scheduled inflation can never incentivize spending. That's just economics 101. 
@_date: 2015-02-01 18:32:05
If you "know" that it will be worth more "next week", so does the market too.  Thus, everyone else in the market will try to beat you to the punch by buying before you do--by buying now. In this manner, next week's price increase actually takes place this week, instantaneously--NOW. As a result, everything else being equal, the only difference between the price now and the price next week will be a little bit of interest (known as the discount rate).  That little bit of interest hardly provides an incentive for hoarding, and in any event, the same thing happens with fiat (where savers or rewarded with interest slightly in excess of the inflation rate).
@_date: 2015-02-01 18:43:15
Agreed on your first point. Markets sometimes get it wrong, like I said.  
Your second point, however, isn't a concern. The price (purchasing power) of bitcoin will adjust, instantaneously, to whatever price is necessary for the market to clear. Expectations about future price increases will thus cause bitcoins to appreciate in value TODAY to the point where all future expecations of appreciation are priced in NOW. At any given moment, the market has no reason to hoard since, except for earning the discount rate, a holder has no reasonable expectation, on average, of additional appreciation. In fact, fearing an economic turndown, a buble bursting, or...whatever, many holders may conclude that the purchasing power of bitcoin is likely to decline--that is, that current market expectations about continued increases in purchasing powers that are discounted into the price today are wrong--and therefore look to spend now while the spending is good.  For everyone who things that the market has overblown expectations of future increases in purchasing power, there is a price at which others will have the opposite view, and the market will clear.  On average, there is and can never be an incentive for hoarding due simply to limited supply of a currency. 
@_date: 2015-02-01 13:53:46
Inflation does NOT "encourage" buying and deflation does NOT "encourage" savings.  Rather UNEXPECTED inflation encourages buying and UNEXPECTED deflation encourages savings.  
This is because markets discount all known future events to the present. Thus, if we know that inflation will occur in the future, that gets discounted to the present and the inflation happens instantly today.  If the Fed announced today that it will print $5 trillion in 2017, and the market believed it, the inflation wouldn't occur in 2017, but NOW.  The price would adjust instantly. 
This is why the Fed is so careful to manage market expectations and to announce QE at times that the market either does not expect or in amounts larger than expected.  "Shocking" or surprising the market is the only way to "create" inflation today. Known or expected future expectations of inflation are already reflected in today's dollar price.  
With Bitcoin, there is no way to shock or surprise the system.  Bitcoins are created on a predetermined and hard wired schedule.  This knowledge, including knowledge that such creation will cease at a specified time, is therefore already built into TODAY'S price.  There is, therefore, nothing to be gained from hoarding.  Said another way, when the rate of disinflation or deflation is known in advance, as is the case with Bitcoin, there is no "incentive" to hoard or spend.  In these cases, there is no such thing as a "deflationary" currency. 
That's not to say that you can't make money hoarding bitcoins, since sometimes the market gets things wrong.  For instance, in addition to the known disinflationary schedule, the market is pricing into today's price certain expectations about Bitcoin's use and adoption.  If actual use/adoption/demand exceeds current expectations, or the market comes to believe that it will in the future, then the market price will move higher NOW. Thus, by hoarding, one isn't hoping to make money from Bitcoin's "deflationary" nature but rather from betting that the market is currently underestimating Bitcoin's growth in adoption/usage/demand.   
Edit:  Fixed typos
