@_author: wehttam_
@_date: 2015-10-29 17:39:34
I'm not sure why you keep mentioning anonymous votes. We don't have anonymous votes in this country. There's also a certain irony that you don't believe in privacy for people's closely held beliefs. 


We can already do that. Because votes aren't anonymous. 


I'm not going to open this can of worms. Except no, and the only people that want to live in that type of society are teenage libertarians. The same ones that would _absolutely lose their mind_ if they were fired for their beliefs. But I don't think you have any appreciation for how wide ranging the implications would be. Should a woman in a staunchly conservative family be forced to reveal she voted for a pro-choice candidate/initiative? 


We often treat public officials working an official capacity differently than we treat private citizens. Congressional votes are public because they're voting on behalf of their representatives. Nobody wants the public to be able to determine their voting records. Some of us actually value privacy. 


I really doubt you've even thought this scenario through, to any real degree. You could probably argue that Congress would be improved by secret ballot. Representatives could vote based on merits, without worrying about reaction from an extremist base, and lobbyists would have no idea if their campaign contributions were effective. I'm not actually arguing for that, just that I don't think you've really done a cost/benefit analysis on anything you've said. 
@_date: 2015-10-28 18:19:16


What's wrong with it? 
@_date: 2015-10-28 20:14:05
You're making the same mistake that so many others make. You're confusing the underlying technical infrastructure (which is what was being discussed), with things like consumer facing services. 


Of course they did. Banks synchronize data every day. Orders of magnitude more data than the blockchain has ever held. You took an incorrect comment on Reddit and thought it accurately described the global banking industry. 


The global banking system transfers hundreds of billions of dollars per day. Visa alone processes over $3 trillion dollars worth of transactions per year, and more than the entire Bitcoin market cap on a bad day. Bitcoin meanwhile tops out at 3 transactions per second, with most of those being penny shavings on Reddit. 
Bitcoin is _literally_ secured by inefficient work. 


You don't get to go from "I think I'm understanding what's going on here finally." to "With a large number of unnecessary intermediaries" within 2 hours. You have no idea which ones of those intermediaries are necessary, what their function is, what the cost/benefit is, or even the problems that they solve. 
@_date: 2015-10-28 19:31:35
You're confusing issues. You're conflating business processes, regulatory requirements, and customer service, with the technical problem of synchronizing data. Are you saying banks would get rid of all their KYC and AML programs, part of what takes 3 days, simply because they switched out their database? 
Just as example: 


Yeah, and the block chain wouldn't do anything to prevent human error. In fact, it makes it worse, given that transactions are irreversible (without some other mechanism in place). And given the size of what banks process (my local credit union has more assets than Bitcoin's entire market cap), there'd still be a ton of human intervention to verify correctness of transactions. 


It's actually nothing like that, mostly because that's not even close to what I said. It's way more like you saying "traditional roads can't handle more than 4 cars, because once they all get to an intersection, there's no public ledger to decide who gets to go first". And then me saying "Well, we have more than 4 cars driving all the time, so clearly synchronizing at intersections isn't the problem you think it is". 
That doesn't mean there's not room for improvement. All I'm saying is "Consider 4 banks attempt to synchronize their databases, and find a discrepancy. What then?" is nonsense. 
@_date: 2015-10-29 16:38:53


I can't believe anyone would think this is a good idea. I feel like you haven't really thought this through, beyond "it's public, so it's better". Should employees have to answer to employers for how they voted? It's none of your fucking business who I voted for, or if I voted at all. 


You would know exactly "voted for Barack Obama". With only that information, can you explain how you'd tell whether or not a friend slipped me a $20 for the vote? Or would you just be able to tell during your accountability interrogations? 


It's not anonymous. Have you ever voted? 


Right... that's the goal. 
@_date: 2015-10-28 18:24:26
You keep repeating this like it's meaningful or correct. The top banks manage trillions in assets with hundreds of billions of dollars of transactions connected to millions of banks around the world. They clearly don't have a problem with trying to synchronize accounts, because, you know, it's something they've been doing for decades. 