@_author: weifap
@_date: 2014-09-16 01:21:09
Actually, they do plan to make it distributed and decentralized (refer to my lengthy comment below for the explanation)
@_date: 2014-09-16 01:29:47
Detailed explanation according to my understanding along with link to IBM's paper on the topic: 
@_date: 2014-09-15 17:51:16
Link to the podcast interview with IBM executive (starts at 22:10): 
@_date: 2014-09-16 00:08:05
Seems like IBM is going to some lengths to keep this under wraps from the general public for some reason. They could easily have made this into a big announcement, but they went with a low-key podcast to a Tech blog.
However, I was able to dig some more information from the IBM executive Paul Brody's Twitter feed. Look at his comments further down on this thread here: 
They even have a Marketing white paper: 
Direct Link to PDF: 
Basically, they are betting on a few things:
1. End of embedded computing: End of embedded computing as we know it where a lot of special purpose chips were designed for specific purposes. Instead, in the future, System-on-chip technology ( will be widely used. This implies that even a light bulb can have the full computing power of the first smartphone within a few years. 
2. Secure Distributed Data Sharing: Subsequently, you will have hundreds of billions of computers running out in the wild (aka "Internet of Things"). And they may be from a million different companies, some of which might have gone out of business a decade before your children were born. (Remember, there are several industrial as well as home products, such as your furniture, which are built to run for several years, if not decades.) How do you let them communicate securely with each other? Enter Telehash ( It is a peer-to-peer data distribution and communication protocol, which lets the devices run on an edge or “Mesh” network ( No longer does the communication between these devices need to be routed through expensive central servers.
3. Private, secure and trustless transactions logged in a Block Chain: IBM’s key insight is that everything on the Internet, including within IoT, is a “transaction”. Whether a user logs on to a service or a light bulb decides to borrow power from the fan nearby, everybody is performing a transaction, whether in cash or in kind. However, you cannot trust any of these devices even though you want to interface with everything in the world. So, you log all these digital transactions on a Block Chain and discredit those transactions that are malicious. According to IBM, “Rules could also be defined by 51 percent consensus, as in the case of devices agreeing on the safety of peer downloadable software updates or banning a misbehaving participant.” I’m skeptical about how this would be trustworthy enough unless they use the Bitcoin block chain. 
Paul Brody does mention on Twitter that “We are forking Ethereum.” ( 
So they could fork Ethereum and create their own block chain. However, this is still up for debate I guess.
An important thing to understand is that IBM and Samsung will only provide a Proof of Concept and a “reference implementation” of this network of things in January at CES. Since the system is supposed to be made completely open source, the Internet of Things and Bitcoin community could subsequently contribute or even take over/fork the project.
Definitely exciting, and not to be dismissed immediately, in my opinion.
@_date: 2014-09-16 01:22:53
Please refer to my lengthy explanatory comment below. It includes a link to a paper by IBM on the topic. 