@_author: weird_numbers_70
@_date: 2017-12-02 20:37:20
Neither will I. They're stuck at an address that I lost the wallet for. 
@_date: 2017-07-16 19:27:23
Transaction fees are the biggest scam in bitcoin. How much does it cost to send a transaction? The answer is, "How greedy are the miners today?" Miners get paid in bitcoin for processing blocks. They also get paid by the transaction fees. This is called double dipping. When you don't send a large enough transaction fee, they wont process your transaction. Oh, you're doing your part by running bitcoin core on your computer all day. Thanks sucker. That means absolutely nothing to the double dippers.  
@_date: 2017-07-02 20:02:52
Just remember that the premise of Bitcoin changes over time. 
I bought in with many libertarians promised low cost/micro transations. That is what we were told at the time in order to increase the network size. Then slow transactions times are reported as a reason to make changes to the network. Did the changes result in faster transaction times? Hell no. In some ways a pyramid scheme is actually more honest than this nonsense. 
@_date: 2017-07-11 01:18:21
The price drops as people ask themselves, "WTF am i getting into". People get into bitcoin thinking there is a cut and dry protocol. There isnt. It was once billed as a means for low/no cost transaction fees. Some people bought in on this premise. Then the miners decided they wanted more money. They didnt alert everyone on the network of this fact, they simply stopped processing low fee transactions. Same goes for the 72 hour transaction time out. This wasnt a feature of early bitcoin, it was added later. What feature/ripoff will be added tomorrow? Well, if you want to know, you better pay close attention. The rules here are dynamic. Your money could be gone tomorrow because the devs all got together and agree to screw you. As more people wake up to this, they want to sell and get out. The more sell orders there are, the more the price drops. 
@_date: 2017-07-02 21:18:49
I have the receiving address. I did broadcast the payment and broadcast it on the network. I know this is fact because of the error message i get on the receiving wallet. Ive looked up the receiving address on blockchain.info and it shows that the address hasnt been used by the network yet. Ive read in other posts that this is typical and it wont show up on blockchain.info until my bitcoin core wallet is synced with the network but like i said, ive synced past the time in which i sent the tx and nothing show up but an "invalid payment request". I do remember thinking when i sent the payment that the amount i paid to the miners was "significant" however, what was a significant payment fee years ago may not be a significant payment fee in todays network. 
@_date: 2017-07-02 20:13:03
This is exactly where the decentralized myth breaks down. 
I appreciate your honesty. Bitcoin is centralized around the techno-savy and even these folks need to constantly monitor the system for changes in protocol. I thought Satoshi wrote the protocol and that was it. I was wrong and it cost me dearly. Sharks are definitely in  the water here and security is a relative term even for "experts".  
@_date: 2017-07-02 20:50:45
I cant resend because i lost the sending wallet. I wasnt worried about it at the time because i sent the coins (before losing the sending wallet) to a bitcoin core wallet which displayed a "invalid transaction". This "invalid transaction" is what bitcoin core displays when its out of sync and needs to sync up. So, ive now synced to past the transaction date and still get the "invalid transaction" error reading. As far as i know, I cant resend the unconfirmed tx from the receiving wallet, only the sending wallet. 
@_date: 2017-07-02 20:35:38
I kept btc as an unconfirmed transaction sent to a bitcoin core wallet. I have limited internet access and this wallet wasn't synced to the network. I had done this years previously and simply synced to the network and my coins were there. This time, I waited years assuming that once a transaction is sent, it is irreversible. During this time, i lost the sending address wallet. My fault, i know, everyone go to school on me. Still, the bitcoin core wallet shows an invalid payment transaction error just as it had done years ago when i was out of sync. From what i gather, bitcoin core made a change and now drops transactions after 72 hrs. So, part of it is my own misfortune for losing the sending wallet, but changes in the protocol didn't help me at all. Status quo would have been great by me.  Also, if this transaction did go through, im not sure if it would be picked up by the network as the transaction fees have increased significantly over time.     
@_date: 2017-07-20 18:12:50
Glad to hear it. People want to know the cost of a transaction. Not an estimate. The actually minimum amount required to send a transaction. Can you imagine trying to sell a product and when a potential customer inquires as to the price of your goods/services, you reply, "put some money on the table, if I feel its enough money, ill complete the transaction". Its completely preposterous. Thanks for the tip. Ill check out lightning. 
@_date: 2017-07-02 21:05:40
I dont know how to retrieve it from the bitcoin core wallet. It gives no information about the transaction as far as i can tell. Just a pop up in the lower right hand corner upon launching that says "bitcoin payment cannot be processed. This can be caused by an invalid payment request" which from my previous experience is exactly the error i got when the wallet was simply out of sync. I updated the wallet and have been syncing but have now updated past the time of the transaction and nothing is happening. 
@_date: 2017-07-02 19:50:33
I bought bitcoin years ago during the MT Gox collapse. Things were looking iffy then and it was a riskier investment. I bought based on promises of low/no transaction fees, the promise of micro-transactions, anonymity was a virtue and not considered a threat to adoption.
 Satoshi had programmed the system wisely. 
Miners soon decided they werent being compensated enough  and raised transaction fees. In Satoshi's plan, these miners were could opt out of the system and it might have slowed growth but that's all part of the journey. As the value of btc grew the amount the miners made would grow accordingly. Instead, the miners raised rates, choosing to get paid now instead of investing in the future as the investors do.
 Now that the price has climbed, the miners increased fees are now worth much more. Satoshi knew the price of btc would grow considerably over time and this increased value would translate to better pay for the miners. 
Basically, Satoshi is long gone. Now the rules change as the miners and wallet developers see fit. If you invest in btc, you need to check everyday for changes that will threaten your investment. If i wanted other people playing games with my money, i would have kept it in the banking system.   
@_date: 2017-07-07 19:05:16
Who wants to spend hours checking for confirmations? When i send btc to a bitcoin core wallet, i want information regarding the transaction. The current wallet gives one message...Bitcoin payment cannot be processed. This can be caused by an invalid transaction. This error shows up if your wallet is out of sync OR the transaction isnt going through for any number of reasons. This makes it completely unclear as to what is going on with your money. This lack of clarity has caused many people to lose their btc. How many people have lost bitcoin due to not waiting around for hours waiting for confirmations? The mission statement of bitcoin changes very often. Once it was all about low cost micro-transactions. Those that bought in on that premise have been swindled. 
@_date: 2017-07-20 18:05:13
As a customer, you want to know what the fee is on any transaction/purchase you make. You want to know what the fee is upfront. Not an estimate. You want to know the cost. 