@_author: wekemori
@_date: 2018-03-29 12:02:33
It's the Cartel dude.
@_date: 2018-03-18 14:13:52
If I stored my wealth in BTC three months ago- I'd be crying right now.
BTC is not a store of wealth- it's a transfer of wealth. That is to say, it's a way to transfer wealth around taxes, governments, banks, etc. Chinese fucking love BTC because the Chinese government put a block on sending money out of the country, as all the rich Asians were moving to Canada and Australia.
@_date: 2018-03-11 20:28:09
"If a company goes under, enough is liquidated to cover liabilities and what not. "
Except this hasn't happened yet, and the court results only came about after they vehemently denied they owed anything to the people they wronged.
@_date: 2018-03-08 16:07:42
If that made you cringe and/or wince, then you haven't yet heard about "adult colouring books." Truly, the most pitiful thing is the sight of an adult, doing their utmost to stay within the lines and indulging in unfettered joy at their ability to do so.
@_date: 2018-03-08 15:59:16
One thing a lot of people are missing about this is that recently before Christmas, Bitcoin became adopted by a large number of relatives of people making money on the price rising- so around the dinner table at thanksgiving, at halloween parties, at christmas and new year- all these people who know absolutely nothing about Bitcoin but see the value of it going up thinking "this is easy money!" (as they were told by BTC hodlers) started buying it, causing the price to rise faster- then this stuff happened and boom all these newbies start freaking out "it's dropping! my money is dropping!" and cause it to drop quicker by trying to save their pockets in the short term. So it wasn't just one guy with a bunch of BTC, it was one guy in a football audience starting a 'Mexican wave' and everyone joined in, except for the spoil sports like me who thought it was dumb, rightfully so.
TL;DR quit yer bellyachin' lad, it'll go up.
@_date: 2018-03-08 16:15:06
You are completely correct. The US continues to rule that cryptocurrency isn't finance, but property so okay, let's go with that then.
If Bitcoin is property, then if you break my window, are you not liable to fix my window? If you steal my bike, are you not liable to return my bike, failing to do that, then at least returning my bike of equal or greater quality?
I can't see Mt.Gox as anything other than a bunch of thieves who stole people's property when they were trusted to hold it. In my eyes they should all be locked up for fraud and theft.
I haven't owned Bitcoin until July 2017, so I have no stake in the Mt.Gox thing. So there you go guys, that's your true objective view of this. Guys got trusted to hold someone elses stuff, they lost it, they're responsible for replacing it. This whole thing is like a housesitter burning down your house then when you get angry about it he gets off with paying you way less than the cost of your home and loss of sentimental property, not to mention covering the cost of rent/hotel costs until you get a new home.
There are some errors in this post, that's because my fucking keyboard is broken and I'm having to go back an rewrite what I'm typing, causing me to continue where I left off with a different train of thought. CBA to fix.
@_date: 2018-03-11 20:29:59
My point was that yes, all these people who bought into BTC due to the hype train are in it for the short-term gains, just like a guy playing black jack. Can't expect them to have the capacity or competence to actually do it. That's why casinos make money.
@_date: 2018-03-11 20:31:06
Unless you're very new, that's practically impossible. There have been several crashes and each crash caused a large cash out which further pushed the price down due to over saturation.
@_date: 2018-03-08 16:03:31
I don't know about fancy terms like parabolic bubble- nor do I really care to, but what I do know is the crash was caused by a bunch of people freaking out that they're either losing value or about to lose value, so they sold, causing a domino effect that dropped the price down as quickly as it went up when those same people were buying (without knowing anything on the word of a relative at a party/dinner table.) I'd like you to point the person out to me who buys Bitcoin, then doesn't at least once panic sell. I did it. Lost like $50 of value because it was only for a few minutes when I realised I was being an Idiot. 
@_date: 2018-03-19 15:37:36
I bought at $4300- literally days before the price started going crazy.
@_date: 2018-04-05 10:28:40
They killed the real Mark and replaced him with a body double! and by they I mean the annunaki lizard men from planet nebiru! satan is coming back and the 2nd coming of our lord and savior jesus christ will defeat him he will save those who repent!- oh shit, this started sounding too authentic, there might be a religious fanatic hiding inside me, someone help me get it out, the government has put radio tracking chips in my dog so they can monitor my conversations and watch me masturbate. 