@_author: well-that-was-fast
@_date: 2018-02-03 00:44:45


The problem is that markets filled with fraud cause problems for everyone, not just the idiots.
Amazon is filled with fakes because a few idiots believe in things too good to be true. The problem is, it makes me (a non-idiot) hesitant to buy certain items because I know the pipeline is full of fakes and it is time consuming to confirm every purchase is legit.
That's the problem with lack of regulation in the fiscal markets, 10% fraud discourages a large percentage of investors everyone from investing.
@_date: 2018-02-03 01:45:59
But, the incentive to fill the channel with fakes is because a seller can sell at a lower price than legitimate sellers. Otherwise, buyers would always buy from Amazon's store.
Set aside that example if you want. Markets filled with fraud have less participation than otherwise. This is highly costly in financial services, so the government regulates.
@_date: 2017-10-17 15:05:15
I share your frustration with these discussions because things like this:


are going retracing arguments I already presented. I'll agree to disagree but consider one last point I'll make very briefly.
Yes, it worked for 2000 years, but I'm guessing you know what history was like. It was kinda shitty, with people living in hovels and unable to afford food, clothing, and medical care. Inflation forces the wealthy to invest, and investment creates new technology.
@_date: 2018-02-03 19:53:37


Correct. And the details of commingle skus doesn't alter my point.
How about this explanation? Amazon isn't regulating the market by keeping skus from different vendors segregated. Hence you reduce your total purchases from Amazon because the lack of regulation makes the transaction costs (in time) too high to justify purchasing from them.
That's why the financial service markets require regulation. Almost no investor is going to go and check every part of a corporation's financial filing, the only practical way to invest is to trust there isn't fraud, and you need an independent overseer to achieve that.
@_date: 2017-10-15 17:11:13


But if people only buy what "they need to survive" the economy collapses. What people need to survive is a tiny fraction of the total economy.
Buying anything is a sucker's bet in a deflationary currency environment. Why buy a house when it will be cheaper next year, and cheaper the year after that. Why buy anything, when every time you go to the store prices are lower?
What happens when everyone buys only food and rent because buying a new car or a house is a sucker's bet? There is retraction in housing, autos, etc. This was a problem when the US was on the gold standard. In years where insufficient amounts of gold was mined, the currency appreciated, causing people broadly to save money rather than consume, slowing growth. Further, making it very hard for businesses (farmers in particular) to repay debt (because it had become 'more expensive'), causing them to build less (in the case of farmers grow less).
@_date: 2017-10-15 18:59:54


What you are describing is the pre-modern economy, by which I don't mean pre-1971, I mean pre-1930s. The central banks used a lot of complex mechanisms from 1930 to 1971 to 'manage' shortcomings of the quasi-gold standard and still allow growth. The reason for leaving the gold standard is those mechanism were no longer viable by 1971. So, if you unwound the current system, you would have some sort of systemic crash back to a pre-modern system.
There is no clear idea what that would look like because unlike the 1930 people can no longer grow their own food to free themselves of overpriced currency. I'm not even sure what basics like electricity would like like. Producing electricity yields 3% or 4% return on equity. If the currency is appreciating at 10%, it would be obvious to shut down all your operations and invest all your assets in bitcoin. And this would apply across the economy, almost all business (outside of a few highly profitable things like pharmaceuticals) would be less profitable than investing in bitcoin and would consider shutting down.
@_date: 2017-10-16 18:05:43


I think this is the fault in your logic. Bitcoin's value (and resultant ROI) isn't inherently tied to it's technology or competition. Bitcoin (like fiat currency) is inherently worthless, it's value is related to what it can buy. If the amount of Bitcoin can't substantially increase (as is frequently argued is a *feature* not a bug), Bitcoin's value is every increasing. Competition won't effect that.
Bitcoin isn't paper money or gold. No one can substantially print more, the algorithm limits production. No one can find a giant new deposit of Bitcoin, the algorithm limits production. 


This I'd agree with. Everything produced would have to meet Bitcoin's ROI. E.g. every product you'd buy would have to be "marked up" to be as profitable as Bitcoin. If Bitcoin returned 20%/yr, then something like electrify would have to increase 30% in price to return 20% ROI, otherwise everyone would exit the market.
@_date: 2017-10-15 21:55:33


If bitcoin increases in value 10% per year and [electricity returns 4.8%]( why invest in making electricity? Just turn your assets into bitcoins. There is no wiser investment than doubling your return for doing no work!
I mean that is the premises of the entire thread -- it doesn't make sense to take a loan in a deflationary environment, the only thing that makes sense is hording cash (e.g. bitcoin).


Do consumers wait for sales if they expect prices to drop? [Yes, they do]( Now imagine the every product everywhere is dropping in price. Consumers wait.
I already made allowances for food and rent, people have no choice in those cases, but almost all other purchases can be delayed (and is the vast majority of the economy).
@_date: 2017-10-16 00:51:11


Not sure I understand your argument here.
- If electricity becomes more expensive, then there is less mining,
- therefore bitcoin becomes more expensive,
- therefore the return from holding bitcoin becomes greater,
- therefore holding bitcoin becomes an even better investment than making electricity,
- thus reducing the amount of investment in making electricity.
So, the cycle is self-reinforcing. The amount of electricity keeps going down.




@_date: 2017-10-15 19:31:13


81% of Americans live in cities, even if they knew how, they very much couldn't grow much food.


Actually, if the amount of currency is finite and the economy is growing, it won't ever reach steady-state, it's perpetually deflating.
Just be aware that this [deflationary spiral is well studied and is regard as a primary reason it was so hard to get out of the great depression]( Which is why central banks have a tendency to lean toward too much inflation rather than too little.