@_author: well_thats_weird
@_date: 2014-03-27 10:31:57
Oh, well in that case let me go stock up on bitcoins.  You've shown me the light.
@_date: 2014-03-26 00:55:28
You've established two things with your series of posts:
1)  You are a non-contributor to society (tax evasion)
2)  You're a lunatic conspiracy follower of the doom and gloom fiat nonsense.
So you're a dumb asshole, the worst kind of asshole.
@_date: 2014-03-26 01:08:07
You can't sell something before you buy it, so yes - you are dense.
@_date: 2014-03-26 23:57:51
LOL Reddit comes full circle in this comment chain.  Greedy corporations abusing tax codes to pay no taxes... bitcoin will crush these greedy vultures and usher in a new era of...wait for it...
the same thing
@_date: 2014-03-26 00:48:53
So what you're saying is that someone needs to write an app for it.
@_date: 2014-03-27 14:30:49
Agreed whole heartedly.  Though I would suggest in response to your first (large) paragraph that we shouldn't waste time talking about Bitcoin the currency.  Your second paragraph should be the focus.  The bitcoin technology itself is very important.
@_date: 2014-03-26 01:27:26
EDIT:  FIFO is always assumed by the IRS.  If you use LIFO you will have to explicitly state that in your filing, and you will probably get audited just for that unless your numbers are super small across the board.  Not to mention that "5mbtc" (a silly denomination, just use numbers guys) you originally bought will eventually be subject to taxes unless you never ever ever use it.  So you're not avoiding taxes overall, you're just making more transactions every time you want to acquire a good or service in order to avoid being taxed regularly at smaller amounts as opposed to being taxed once at a larger amount (assuming you liquidate holdings at year end just to simplify a start--&gt;finish).
EDIT 2:  Because there's a stupid long ass delay on posting on this subreddit, I'll just keep editing this post.
I think it's hilarious how deep people are getting into tax accounting now.  This community is the result of people who youtube their economic, finance and accounting lessons.  Christ it's sad.
Have you guys realized yet how much of a fucking hassle bitcoin is when compared to just using a god damn debit card?  "Let's use LIFO guys, every time you want to buy something with BTC just buy BTC and then use that BTC to make the purchase, any existing BTC is investment holdings!"  Let's make a ton of extra transactions for no reason!
We are the first world, we do not need bitcoin, it provides fucking no advantages.  Just use a god damn debit card and stop taking up half of my day processing payments like the old lady writing checks at the counter.
@_date: 2014-03-26 02:47:42
Government is a tool of society.  One of its primary methods of serving society as a whole is through taxation.
Did you drop out of school?  No wonder there's such a fundamental disconnect between the fringes of the bitcoin hype machine and the real world.  The absolutist ideology tends to whitewash some of the most basic principles for why our world is the way it is in the first place.
@_date: 2014-03-27 15:07:04
Well then kill yourself.
@_date: 2014-03-27 10:00:08
If that is the case then it will never work, we need taxes to have a functioning society.
@_date: 2014-03-27 10:11:01
So many things wrong with your post, so let's do this:


Why is this good?  Moderated inflation is how our world works.


Not really.  You still have transaction fees, they're just different.


Like what?  I can buy shit instantaneously and I can transfer funds between bank accounts (like, to a friends account) immediately.  I have to wait longer for bitcoin transfers.




Better make sure everyone makes the exact same amount of money then too, consumption tax is regressive and hammers poor people the hardest.  This is probably the worst part of your comment.
There are zero advantages to using bitcoin in the US.  It doesn't really do anything better.  Can you wire money to someone in Zimbabwe faster?  No.  Can you do it cheaper?  Yes.  Who cares?  About 3 people care.  Outside of extreme examples like this one, there are literally no benefits to bitcoin.
In addition to this there are downsides.  You have to pay far more attention to things we have trivialized with our current system and you have no recourse as a consumer.  Example:  You are plain screwed if you pay for something with bitcoin and never receive it.  Handling issues like these is built into our current system and takes no time at all for the average consumer.  But with bitcoin these people will be tracking down businesses and calling them up individually - because fuck the middle man right?  Who needs banks!
@_date: 2014-03-26 04:04:15
I wouldn't put it that way, personally.  I think I'm trying to overemphasize a very basic concept to the way our world works because people seem to just glaze over it as if it is not important.
You bring up something else that I think would be important in a more detailed discussion of this concept.  Transparency is important, but it is also important to understand the budgeting and appropriations processes and know exactly why transparency appears to be poor.  Realistically you can pull up the federal budget and then go agency by agency and pull their internal reports.  Our governmental accounting is actually pretty transparent (granted, it's not perfect) if you take the time to look for information at an agency level.
But this sidesteps the overall point that it's really not even that important because we decided to have a democratic republic.  We elect the people that have direct access to that information at the most granular level and charge them with keeping our best interests in mind while reviewing and modifying that information through oversight and legislative processes.
I'm not exactly all pro 'merica, but I think there needs to be a bit more level headed discussion of these things or else the neo-libertarian 20 year old first year economics students are going to roll through here pretending they've figured it all out and that our world somehow sucks and we're all secretly being oppressed by lizard people or whatever the rage is these days.
Look at what happens once a news release hits.  Now the IRS is involved and suddenly EVERYONE HERE is a tax accountant.  It's disturbing.  As if taxes weren't an issue prior to this release.