@_author: wellgnawed
@_date: 2013-04-12 21:45:31
I run [a niche porn business]( the specific fetish I cater to is [erotic hypnosis](  You'd think erotic hypnosis would be a *great* fit for bitcoins because for whatever reason, even a lot of online payment processors who are fine with adult content won't touch us, or require everything to be relabelled so it doesn't say explicitly that hypnosis is involved.  The best theory I've heard is that there's a fear that customers may be influenced nonconsentually, but actually it's hard to get a straight answer about why.
Also, a lot of customers in this particular market seem to be pretty geeky.
I've always accepted bitcoins.  But what I've found is that my own customers, at least, seem to be *way* more sensitive to having to jump through extra hoops to process a payment than they are to whether a line item appears on a credit card bill that could theoretically be traced back to a porn site.
So for me, at least-- and I suspect for most of the other businesses in my particular niche (I've been banging the bitcoin drum for a while now, and some are adopting-- and although this one has nothing to do with me I notice TalkSugar, a phone sex site that a lot of erotic hypnotists use, accepts bitcoins these days)-- the thing that would most help adoption of bitcoin payments is making it *easy*.  I imagine my customers showing up at my site with a credit card in hand, wanting to have a file downloading to their hard drive in a few clicks and a minute or two; the closer I can get to that, the better.
So how to do you go from "I have a credit card" to "I have some bitcoins" in as few steps as possible?  I realize that the two payment systems are set up to satisfy almost diametrically opposite constraints.  But: find me a way to buy bitcoins quickly and easily using a credit card, and write me a description of how to use it that will walk my customers through the process holding their hands at every step.  (So far the best I've been able to come up with is to send them to [VirWoX]( is there anything better and easier now?)
If you can do that, I think you'll encourage much faster adoption by other adult businesses.