@_author: werefreeatlast
@_date: 2018-01-17 04:27:46
No! Bitcoin is not just a thing that you can pay with! It is a tool with which we will end inequality. Let me explain: among nations everyone has their own "money", but in general, money is the exact equivalent to man hours. It's me sitting in front of a screen drawing stuff that becomes actual functional things, or it's my mother cleaning rooms for a day or my father making a sofa or my sister mixing chemicals to see what she can find or my brother making business deals or my other sister teaching your kids how to math. But Bit coin is a cloaked dragon! It's the sharp edge of a very pointy and heavy unstoppable blade. The block chain!!!!! Accountability for everything! For grocery store stock, for machine state changes that lead to deaths...."he was playing the radio loud, then changed song right at the moment of impact your honor!" But there are some really good uses coming....your healthcare records! Including your dental and vision!  Your government! That's right! Blockchain will replace all those libraries and books with one comprehensive simple to use gobernment app. Imagine such a thing! Automatic download of an illegal movie, followed by automatic location, arrest, judgement and due process!!!!  But also good stuff like you can vote on your phone! So they don't have to spend millions of our dollars to pay for tree killing paper!  And they become we. I propose that my street should get better illumination! Here is my vote, then others vote for your proposal and viola! You get street illumination! But you see all of that gets connected, money, dental records, all the exact food you have ever eaten, your flights, your GPS coordinates, your heart beats, the hair style you always pick, all the clothes you ever purchased, the hardware you buy at the HomZippo, the millage your car gets. All of it connected in this beautiful global transactional file revision management system. And you don't have to think about it! AI runs the show! It can wake you up, prepare your meal, heat up the point of use heater before you hit the shower, then it will make sure you get more vitamin D based on the water from the shower. Maybe it will drive you to work on a different street that gets more sunshine! Or add more milk yo your cereal. Back to Bitcoin....my work will be equal to someone's work who lives in Mexico or Japan! So because it's more expensive to ship products, local products will be preferred! Etc etc.... If Trumfus didn't need to sign anything, then we would have all the power! Imagine having a blockchain government!
@_date: 2018-01-17 17:53:21
No read it! I spent a good long time writing that! It's about how the block chain will replace the government and be so helpful. It's going to disrupt almost everyone....and they all think it's for money which is just a cloak.