@_author: werwer12
@_date: 2017-12-26 16:19:25
@_date: 2017-09-29 22:01:26
Bitcoin was disappointingly not much of the conversation at all. To be honest, the arrows don't make any sense even with the discussion behind it. The entire part of the presentation was talking about the rate at which things are changing in our lives. Basically there are people that say these changes are nothing like we've ever seen, causing fear in the markets, while this person was showing that changes have always occurred, but because of the access to information, happen at a faster rate now. He mentioned how adapting to the changes is what keeps them alive as a firm. They are welcome changes that excite them. Bitcoin wasn't presented much more than 2 sentences, with block chain technology being one of them.
@_date: 2018-07-01 20:41:30
Exactly. This person truly is clueless. See my comment above with a personal story of them blocking a large wire transfer that I made.
@_date: 2018-07-01 20:45:17
You're one of those people who assumes everything in this world is EXACTLY as it has been to you, in your experiences. Your experience is just that, yours. Educate yourself before assuming that everything is as perfect as you're claiming it to be.
@_date: 2018-07-01 20:40:01
You're wrong. I'm a nobody who was investing in a business rather than using traditional stocks and had a large wire transfer completely revoked for no reason at all. After speaking to the bank manager, they redid the bank transfer. Their reasoning was because the business owner had just sent me a return of investment check that needed 5 days to clear, which was waited for. On day 6, the wire transfer was initiated, but they claimed that they are still at risk of returned checks for up to 30 days. So basically the 5 days is their standard timing they use to make the experience better, but it can truly be returned funds withing 30 days. Again... I'm a nobody. The funds were wired from bank to bank, within the USA, with a bank that I've used for 30+ years, to a person who owns a legitimate business featured on the discovery channel and other big news outlets and cable TV shows. This was my third transaction similar to it in one year and they decided they didn't want to allow this transfer this time until I specifically spoke to them about it. You're going to claim that this was because of their fraud pevention security measures, but guess what, plenty of people have had their bank accounts closed for buying Bitcoin with their accounts. That is in no way related to fraud. That is a choice to deny a transaction for something that could compete with their banking system. You can believe the bs they feed you when they claim otherwise, but that's what it is. The banking system has it's place in this world. It will always exist, and SHOULD exist in some capacity, but cryptocurrencies will coexist and serve people in a capacity that will revolutionalize how money is moved across the world. money will freely flow to political underdogs, charity organizations, and more, without corrupt hands having any say over it.
@_date: 2018-04-16 12:02:42
I think most people will agree as well.
Labelling the entire community of people using BTC and other crypto as tax cheats absolutely will hinder widespread adoption.
@_date: 2018-04-16 12:04:16
Hopefully when you say that, you're also implying that the risk/reward is in favor of paying now. Tax penalties and jail time for not paying is no joke. 
I am personally a productive member of society, as I'm sure many here are, and would like to keep it that way.
@_date: 2018-04-16 14:37:41
There are people that I know running regular fiat businesses that don't report income. People like this are everywhere. That's what I meant by "you're not alone in your thinking." 
Regarding the comments here... This sub only represents a tiny fraction of the overall community using crypto. The opinions here do not represent the entire community, just as the people not paying taxes do not represent the entire community. The media is trying to portray all Bitcoin users as such though.
@_date: 2018-04-16 12:01:14
You're not alone in your thinking. 
A large percentage of Americans don't feel that their taxes are being used to better our lives, and instead make the ones running things much richer. Even with that being said though, a large percentage of people still pay their taxes, and I think this is still the case with Bitcoin. Whether you agree with taxes or not, I think that we can mostly agree that being labeled as tax cheats, as a community, is not good for Bitcoin.