@_author: westonp
@_date: 2013-05-14 20:52:35
Nice update... Looking forward to them making this "pubic". lol
@_date: 2013-05-19 09:32:32
I don't care about helping pornographers, but this does highlight the much bigger problem of bankers being able to control markets and personal freedoms by arbitrarily imposing restrictions on who has access to the modern banking system. Screw you, we'll make our own banking system without your greed and BS!
@_date: 2013-05-01 06:43:24
Obviously a merchant account is more economical if you're dealing with enough money, and that's why I have one. However, the point remains that PayPal gives you a lot for what they charge, compared to traditional payment card industry offerings. Speaking of which, their more direct competitors, Google Checkout and Amazon Payments, charge the same rates and give you less. And at higher levels, PayPal offers you a better rate as well. Like it or not, PayPal is a good value for processing credit cards... Nobody offers what they do for less than them, once you factor the total costs, not even close.
@_date: 2013-04-18 23:54:52
I wouldn't call 3-4 months, with a major spike and crash in the middle, the basis for a "long term trend". 
@_date: 2013-04-21 18:49:27
Yeah, I like CampBX. It's smaller though, so it wont move as fast... that's either good or bad, depending on where you are in the market and how you play it.
@_date: 2013-04-13 22:35:09
The hurdle I foresee with Bitcoin adoption is a public perception problem... It is already being attacked by ignorant journalists making false statements that propagate bitcoin myths, and then there are also the legitimate statements about it being used for dark or unsavory things like Silk Road. Add mainstream porn acceptance to the mix, and of course there is some economic benefit, but now it's really easy to paint BTC as just something that people use to secretly pay for porn and black market items. Then someone's inevitably going to say something about it funding terrorism, which will probably be completely unfounded, but it doesn't matter... BTC is a threat to bankers, financial manipulators, etc., so there's a huge incentive to spread a lot of "FUD" about BTC in an attempt to make it the next boogeyman and scare normal people away from it. We don't want the use of BTC, or currency conversions to/from BTC, to seem "suspicious".
There are, of course, many logical and factual arguments against that, but we're not dealing with reasonable or informed people here... We're dealing with the general public and politicians. I can hardly wait to see the "Fw:Fw:Fw:Re:Fw:FW: Bitcoins kill puppies!!!!" e-mail chain that will be sent on by father... Just when I think I've finally got him to realize that Obama is not a Muslim (not that it would even freaking matter anyway), another damn e-mail comes through and I'm back to square one.
So, not that we can control it, but I'd really rather see the focus on acceptance by legitimate merchants, before we encourage it to be monopolized by things that the general public finds controversial or highly objectionable.
@_date: 2013-05-01 05:13:54
If you think PayPal's 30 cents plus 2.9% feels like "rape", go get a real merchant account... Sure, you might save a percent on Visa/MC/Discover, but you'll get nickle &amp; dimed pretty hard on everything else, the processor wont provide hardly anything for you, you'll most likely get locked into a contract with an ETF, and you have to deal with PCI headaches and other crap (more fees there too, of course!). I used to think PayPal's rates were high, like everyone else, but now I've come to see how much value they really do offer for the money.
So, most of their cost is driven by the inherent costs of processing credit cards. They'll have a lot more room to bring that down with bitcoins, and the competition will help motivate them to do so.
Any by the way, there's no such thing as a payment processor that doesn't have a bunch of people who hate it... it's apparently an industry standard, so PayPal only differs in the fact that it is used by the general public, and that's where the whole "PayPal is an evil boogeyman" sentiment comes from.
@_date: 2013-05-14 20:32:37
Exactly. Sell now, let it crash, see where it bottoms out, buy back in.
@_date: 2013-04-20 17:09:19
An easy and very inexpensive way to convert US Dollars to BTC is: Bank account -&gt; Dwolla -&gt; CampBX (or others)
It just isn't fast at all.
@_date: 2013-04-22 18:17:36
I see that wild speculation and pure delusion are alive and well in here.
@_date: 2013-05-22 22:18:12
Yay, another misleading circle jerk!
@_date: 2013-04-15 07:14:08
Gizmodo... LOL
@_date: 2013-04-21 03:50:20
Exactly... The sure-fire way to make money in most any gold rush is not by being one of the many thousands who are competing for the same thing, it's by selling equipment to those people.
Sure, a few early-bird miners will make a bundle and that may be well publicized, but they're a small minority compared to the huge number who will try. And before long, the bitcoin difficulty will go through the roof from all the ASIC's in use, and mining profits will fall to about where they are today with GPU's. That's no coincidence either... the profitability of bitcoin mining is simply based on how much computing power and electricity the majority of miners are willing to expend, relative to the current network difficulty and expected rate of return. There will be an initial shake up, and then the ROI will level out to about where it is today.
@_date: 2013-04-13 18:57:51
I'm an established developer who's considering accepting BTC myself... I already accept credit cards directly, as well as PayPal and Amazon, but think it could be interesting to add a small bitcoin stream. I have a lot of international customers, who currently pay in either US Dollars or Euros, so I like the idea of bitcoin eventually making international online payments pretty simple. I don't know that bitcoin would be as profitable as traditional currencies; I just like the idea of bitcoins and the problems they solve.
I think the way to go is to just set a solid price in BTC based on their average USD value over the last XX days, discounting it due to the lack of merchant fees, and update that periodically. How good of a deal that is will vary from day to day, hour to hour, much like it is today when I accept Euros (but with bigger swings when dealing in BTC, of course). Trying to do an instant match to USD would make me more at the mercy of market rollercoasters, and it doesn't help stabilize the value of BTC like fixed prices do.
Being an established business, I do have to come up with good answers to a few things before I can jump on this though...
* How in the bejeeesus do I honestly and accurately report BTC revenue to the IRS? My Euro transactions get converted to USD instantly, so that's easy (well, aside from PayPal's  1099-K not quite matching ಠ_ಠ). I know the IRS seems to just want the USD equivalent value, but I guess I have to figure out if I take that value at the time of the BTC transaction, or at the time I actually convert it into USD. The later would be a lot simpler, of course, but then what will they say if I hold onto BTC funds for a while? I'd have to figure out the rules there, and if it's as simple as just declaring the USD value of any BTC balances as of Dec 31st of the given tax year. Would have to figure out how capital gains/loss would play into this as well.
* How do I process the transactions in a fast and automated way? I'm talking about something where someone can pay me in BTC, and it generates some form of automated IPN like I get from PayPal, Amazon, and the custom code I wrote for my merchant account. I currently provide software activation codes within a matter of seconds. I've seen a few sites that seem to offer payment gateways for merchants accepting BTC, but most of them are pretty amateur-hour. The most legitimate looking one I've seen is Mt.Gox, and they don't exactly inspire confidence these days. However, it would be entirely possible for each of us merchants to just run our own systems... generate a new receiving address for the customer to use, then generate an IPN to fulfil the order when it has the requisite number of confirmations, and transfer the balance into our main account. Is there already any open source project that would provide a simple lightweight framework to generate a new address, check its status, and then initiate a transfer? There would be some delay accepting BTC though, but I suppose that's unavoidable unless I use Mt.Gox's gateway instead and the customer has an Mt.Gox balance. The non-instant nature of verifying bitcoin transactions may prove to be an issue in general as it gains acceptance.
* Between tax compliance, payment processing, and conversion to USD, how much administrative overhead will this really add? As a business owner, there's already a lot of stuff taking up my time, so I don't have as much for development as I'd like... I wouldn't want to worsen that balance.
@_date: 2013-04-14 21:38:04
The size of the user base. Camp BX is awesome and they've got their ducks in a row better than others, but they don't have as many buy/sell orders, so it can take longer to wait for someone who will meet the price I want. Mt.Gox, on the other hand, has lots of supply and demand, so you see a lot of movement there.
@_date: 2013-04-22 18:18:42
The bullshit factory
@_date: 2013-05-18 01:28:28
Poor taste? Are there a lot of bankers in NC that you'd offend?
@_date: 2013-05-10 02:25:07
YES, OMG PANIC! /Thread
@_date: 2013-04-19 00:31:19
And that kind of thinking is what will inevitably lead to another spike and crash. It's people thinking that they can't lose, combined with this short memory span that thinks 3 months or so is "long term". I like bitcoin and I like where it's going, but there sure is a lot of delusional thinking by a large number of people with dollar signs in their eyes.
@_date: 2013-04-13 06:20:27
Yeah, think in entertainment, not in greed. Too many people lose their heads with the "get rich quick" ideas. Take a step back and remember that Bitcoins are far more entertaining than stock markets or gambling, and the growing interest in them will hopefully bring more stability and acceptance by merchants. Don't aim to get rich, aim to enjoy it and be able to spend it directly.
@_date: 2013-04-13 16:13:44
All of the competitors thus far just seem like opportunists who offer little to no additional innovation. I like the idea of Litecoins the best, due to the possibility of faster transactions and the farming balance (ie not going to get overrun with ASICs in a few months). However, what usefulness does it really offer to merchants, consumers, or investors, over Bitcoin? To the typical person in any of those groups, it's just like Bitcoin, except that it's even more of a PITA to exchange it for a national currency. The exchange issue will get better, but Bitcoin clearly has a huge lead there, as well as in virtual currency market share. I could be wrong, but I can't see people jumping ship for Litecoin unless some unforeseen huge problem happens with Bitcoin that only affects Bitcoin, and even then it's a hard sell as confidence in this kind of stuff will be terrible at that point.
As for the others, especially the more commercial ventures, they make me say an unenthusiastic "meh"... Just a bunch of people late to the game trying to cash in on a perceived gold rush... They aren't innovators; they're just copycats. I view them similar to the less successful virtual currencies of the past. Bitcoin showed up and was a game changer, so now virtual currency is a different world, but I just don't see any of these competitors being capable of changing the game that we're now playing. You need significant innovation and to solve a problem or desire that most people actually have, before you'll have another revolution.
@_date: 2013-05-02 15:14:34
IE 8? If so, it doesn't handle multiple certs on one IP, so it uses the default one for the IP, rather than the one for the specific domain/sub-domain, which tends to give warnings on some sites. All of the real browsers handle that just fine, and it's fixed in IE 9 too. As is typical, IE is several years behind the times, and is generally broken as well.
@_date: 2013-05-11 00:55:05
I used to love Wired. But nowadays, it seems like everything I see from them is just douchebaggery and BS. :(
@_date: 2013-04-14 06:26:11
Their value is variable, and it's unclear if the IRS would treat this as a legitimate foreign currency, an item of value, or just intangible personal property. The rules can be different for each. It's new territory, but at first glance right now, I'd be inclined to treat it as a legit currency, which is what it intends to be anyway. Either way, not as simple as USD if you hold the BTC for any period of time, and then what's the "right" data source to use for valuation? And how does capital gains/loss fit into that? These are certainly not impossible questions, but they do need to be figured out more carefully when covering new territory. People will use this to cheat the tax man, so it's going to his their attention... Best to have your ducks in a row.
@_date: 2013-04-22 16:11:56
Meh... off-topic, and as a US-based online business myself, I have to say that it's only fair. For taxable items, I have to charge varying sales tax rates based on what I have in common with the customer's address (state, taxing district, county, city), which is stupid and brings administrative headaches. I would welcome a unified simple tax rate for online sales... that's easier for businesses, doesn't penalize local customers over non-local, restores tax revenue that had been lost to online sales, and gives brick &amp; mortar stores a fair shot (so the very few who actually have a good business model will do better).
Now, will it be horribly mismanaged, corrupted, and implemented stupidly? You better bet your ass it will be! That's what government and taxes are all about.
@_date: 2013-05-18 01:29:56
Where the heck does it cost $1000?
@_date: 2013-04-13 15:53:35
Big companies are notoriously slow to respond to change, and unwilling to take risks on new and unproven things. They're going to want to see stability first, a customer base who will actually use it, and a way that it brings them profit over their current way of doing things. It's time-consuming and painful to get them to accept a business case for even something that's a good idea by traditional thinking.
If you want to change what a big company is doing, look to their smaller competition... Unless they're in a market where there's a high cost barrier to entry, they're most likely already losing a lot of business to the smaller companies who have the flexibility and attitude to react to the market faster, smarter, and more efficiently. These smaller companies are much more likely to entertain an idea like this, although you have to remember that they're not looking to gamble either... still have to have a business case that shows a way to profit and/or get more market share. There will just be a lot less red tape, and more willingness to listen, with them than with the big dinosaurs.
@_date: 2013-04-13 08:12:34
Funny how when things are stable and values are low, people say they're here because they believe in the Bitcoin ideology, but when we get these huge swings in the market, most everyone is suddenly going apeshit over profit and loss.
I will admit though, seeing the huge response to the recent market changes, and it even somewhat getting mainstream visibility, got me a lot more interested in BTC than I had been before. Obviously, a heck of a lot of people care about its success now, with a very wide variety of people getting involved in it for various reasons... That's good and it says BTC is for real.
@_date: 2013-04-19 00:00:47
I like CampBX... US-based and appears to be the most professional and competent exchange available. It's a lot easier for me to have confidence in them than others.
@_date: 2013-05-14 20:24:54
They seem to get all screwy anytime there's a lot of trading volume.
@_date: 2013-04-14 01:49:50
Some points on credit cards, being a small business owner myself, who's looking into also offering a bitcoin option...
*Credit Card Pros vs Bitcoin*
* Credit cards let me easily serve our "instant gratification" culture, as well as the mainstream user. Bitcoin still massively lacks an easy and quick way for someone sitting at their computer to pay me in BTC from their native currency. BitInstant.com is getting close, but it's still far from convenient to someone who wants to buy something right now. There needs to be a reliable and trustworthy BTC gateway that takes credit cards (lots of risk/cost with that though), or at least some kind of instant EFT. I think that's going to be a major hurdle for BTC as we try to use it for commerce...
* The card transaction verifies immediately, so I can confidently deliver content immediately. Bitcoin is going to have some delay before I can trust the transaction, especially if I wait around until 6 confirmations. I'd have to compromise for a lower number, and then just revoke the activation keys of transactions that turn out to be bogus, which I suppose is acceptable risk.
* Credit cards allow people to spend money they don't have. Bitcoin is essentially an online cash currency, which is really good for financial responsibility, but less good for merchants.
* Most consumers have good confidence in credit card transactions, as there are well known fraud protections. Bitcoin is "all sales final" by default. Being a legit business, I would of course offer refunds, but it's still one less layer of confidence or safety for the consumer.
* Being that I have a real merchant account (ie not limited to just PayPal/Amazon/etc), I get the full transaction amounts directly deposited into my bank account every day automatically, so that's real good for cash flow. Once a month, they deduct the transaction fees. If I could come to spend BTC's directly, that may be a non-issue, but until then, I'd have to deal with converting it to USD and transferring it to my account.
* Have to figure out the tax compliance issues and headaches with dealing in and retaining e-currency. That should be pretty similar to any other "real" currency, but it's still more work and accounting mess over just doing business in your native currency alone.
*Credit Card Cons vs Bitcoin*
* Payment processor fees of around 2-3% of the value, plus 15-30 cents per transaction or authorization attempt. You get the lower rates with a full merchant account (instead of PayPal), but they'll also nickle &amp; dime you on everything else, subject you to PCI crap, contract obligations, and do a lot less for you. It turns out that PayPal actually really does earn its money. Bitcoin offers the ability to be your own bank and payment processor, so that instantly removes the burden of fees, security requirements, and general BS. You're on your own there, just as you essentially are with a merchant account, or there's services like Bitpay.com if you want to cut someone a slice to simplify things for you. I don't have a good first impression of Bitpay, being that all of their videos don't even work, but it's a start.
* Charge-backs. Generally not an issue in my business, but quite an annoyance, time waste, and potential cost when they do. I'll give most anyone a refund if they aren't happy, which is extremely rate in itself, and that doesn't bother me, but charge-backs really make my cringe... I have to take time to research and respond to them. If successful, they cause me to incur additional fees on top of losing the money from that transaction, and can cause my card processing transaction rates to rise. Again, it's extremely rare, but I would get hit with this for anyone fraudulently using a credit card, or anyone fraudulently doing a charge-back. Being in business, you do have to assume some risk, but the threat of charge-backs sure does feel like theft when you're a merchant who goes out of his way to be honest.
* Foreign currencies. It's easy enough to pay a USD or Euro merchant if you have a major credit card and are in a high-tech country, but it comes at the cost of conversion fees, and it's often not very clear what fees will end up on your bank statement. But what if you want to buy something and don't have a compatible major credit card, no credit card at all, and/or are in a less advanced country who's just now entering the global Internet marketplace? Bitcoins are potentially a really good answer there. Big tech companies are actively targetting these "growth market" emerging countries, so we're going to run into these issues increasingly until their banking systems catch up to their tech growth.
So, to put it simply, I don't see credit cards going anywhere, but bitcoins are a very interesting experiment that solve some real problems, especially for international business over the Internet, and are continuing to become more practical. I hope to see them go mainstream, and I would like to find a practical way for me to accept them, without causing administrative or tax compliance burdens on myself.
@_date: 2013-05-18 01:30:38
I seriously doubt the NC DMV is competent enough to be involved in any sort of conspiracy whatsoever.
@_date: 2013-05-14 19:29:33
I just got it too, after withdrawing from Gox to Dwolla... 
Looks like my withdraw worked ok though, and I have that xfering to my bank now. Crossing my fingers...
@_date: 2013-04-15 06:52:10
Ugh... Yet another journalist who thinks bitcoins are "designed to be anonymous and untraceable". The whole freaking system works on the basis of every transaction being fully visible and "traceable" to anyone at all who wants to see! You can see every transaction that was ever conducted, the balance of any given account, where they're sending money to/from, etc. The only "anonymous" part is that they're all just numbered accounts that anyone can instantly create, but the more you use them, the less chance you have of being anonymous since anyone can follow the money trail.
It's possible, but you'd have to be really freaking careful and smart if you actually wanted to be anonymous... There's no "oops" and playing the odds that no one noticed, as every transfer is on record forever. One slip up, or one person or service who can link your IP or other details to one of your accounts, and you're burned. That's a hell of a lot more careful than you'd have to be with cash. If anything, savvy governments, law enforcement, and intelligence agencies should love the idea of bitcoin. Figure out an address of just one bad guy, and now you can see the addresses of their whole network, so you know who to focus on exposing. Mixing services and stuff may help, but there are limits, and any patterns in behavior are there for data mining to find.
@_date: 2013-04-14 08:41:20
Credit card auth for sure. I'd fully expect hackers to increasingly try to exploit BTC merchants with bogus transactions that won't get the standard 6 confirmations, so you just can't trust transactions immediately. Also, what if the client sends it without any fees, and it doesn't get processed? In both cases, it's probably ok if you're shipping a physical product, because you can just wait for it to confirm. But, you have to make a decision if it's something the customer expects immediately, like software or digital content.
@_date: 2013-05-14 19:47:55
I've been trying to find more, but haven't seen anything yet. By all accounts, this apparently just happened right now. I got the same e-mail myself today, after doing a withdraw from Gox yesterday, so maybe I made it through just in the nick of time.
@_date: 2013-04-15 08:07:25
Great points, although we're still looking at this as if its a stock, rather than a currency... If we can get enough merchants to accept BTC, especially using fixed BTC prices (ie not automatically updated at checkout by the USD exchange rate), that should bring some good stability to its value. The primary thing that gives a traditional currency value is just the fact that it's widely accepted in the area that it serves; it doesn't matter that there are no gold bars backing it. BTC can do that too, if we can just get away with being so obsessed with the up-to-the-second exchange rate.
@_date: 2013-05-01 23:42:54
Sounds like a pretty big risk for pretty lousy gains... I would have to assume he was CPU mining, or *maybe* had access to low-end GPU's on these servers. Not worth the trouble either way.
@_date: 2013-04-14 08:11:17
Nice clean integration! What processing system are you using for the BTC?
@_date: 2013-05-18 01:31:53
If it's about flaunting wealth, then why do they allow Porsche, Ferrari, and Lambo cars to be registered?