@_author: westwestmoreland
@_date: 2017-12-20 10:39:46
Half this sub is using the name bcash because they perceive it to be derogatory and because bitcoin (BCH) supporters hate it.  So yes, I’m using segshitcoin (BTC) as my moniker of choice because it most accurately describes the coin. 
And I will continue to call BCH as Bitcoin... because it most accurately describes the coin. 
@_date: 2017-12-20 10:43:27
Again, people use it not because “of it’s shorter”. But because “tee her these guys don’t like this name, let’s be cunts”. 
But I’m glad you feel it’s embarrassing to get worked up over a name. I can continue to call BTC segwitcoin with a clear conscience. 
@_date: 2017-12-20 10:33:04
You’re right. No point in segshitcoin (BTC), ethereum, et al. We have bitcoin (BCH).  The true money of the internet. 
@_date: 2017-12-20 10:53:45
I live in Britain... I’ve come to learn that “agree to disagree” Is British for “go fuck yourself you retarded punk” ;-)
But actually, I agree with the sentiment. I took the choice to move away from BTC to BCH because I genuinely believe that bigger blocks are the best scaling solution. Someday, I will either be proved right or wrong... but the choice I made is not in any way an attack. 
I don’t want BTC to fail. Or drop in value. I literally do not care - because I no longer own any. 
I care about BCH, and I sincerely believe that it will prove it’s utility. 
It does get very frustrating though for a BCH supporter when everything pro-BCH is suddenly “an attack”. And when half this subreddit is lit up with glee if the BCH price drops, it’s very hard to not take it personally. 
So yes, we can agree to disagree for now; and in the meantime while each coin is proving itself, I’m happy to move away from remarks like “segshitcoin” as soon as people here stop referring to consumer choice as an “attack in bitcoin”
@_date: 2017-12-20 10:15:23
Most people here were saying “I can’t wait for Coinbase to add BCH, then when everyone gets their coins, they will sell and BCH is doomed. “
And when it doesn’t happen like that... U mad bro?
@_date: 2017-11-11 09:01:35
That’s bullshit. Without competitive transaction fees, bitcoin loses all utility. When I was sold on bitcoin, I was sold on a “crypto-currency”, not a “crypto-store-of-value”. This whole value store bullshit is ruining bitcoin for the average person. Perhaps you think censor resistance and immutable ledger entry are only for the 10% of the worlds population who can have savings?  How about the 90% who live hand to mouth?
For those people, Bitcoin is a protection from corruption. It removed the need to hold physical fiat. Arguably, the poorest in the world get the most benefit and protection from bitcoin. 
Bitcoin needs to be able to replace fiat in everyday life. For that, it needs to be as close to Cash as possible - which means lower transaction fees. 
@_date: 2017-11-11 19:39:55
Bullshit. Go to the other sub. You can see the comments people get banned for. Go look at facts before you spread such lies. 
@_date: 2017-11-12 07:54:24
What’s a big miner?  All of them are big. To have enough hash power to control a half of one percent of the total, requires an investment of over $20m - and ongoing costs mean that your ROI is 12 months away. If you’re able to drop $20m and not receive a penny profit for a year, you are by no definition small. 
The idea that there are millions of hobbyists powering this network is the equivalent of believing 90% of cloth is made in farm cottages on a loom still, rather than in factories. 
@_date: 2017-11-12 07:49:46
I’m not a miner. But I put everything I have into BCH. what did it for me?  When the chain launched I moved around all my holdings, intending to move BCH into BTC. A day later, all my BCH was on an exchange, but a mass of fees later my BTC still hadn’t confirmed. For me it was the ultimate use case scenario. 
I work in a heavily bitcoin invested environment... I’ve been watching huge transfers of money from BTC to BCH for some time now. This is not just miners. 
Users are making a choice. That’s not an attack. VHS wasn’t an attack in Betamax. It was an alternative, and in the end it was successful not because it was superior technologically, but because it ticked specific use cases that were popular. 
I think blaming this solely on miners is akin to burying your head in the sand. 