@_author: wettshirtgirls
@_date: 2015-06-07 20:49:35
Well the boys at "headquater" simply make their choice between the available solutions available to fix this issue... don't worry the interweb of things will work it out.. Bitcoin is a phoenix cyclically re-born and it will keep working even when mass adoption happens... (as long as users are willing to pay a small fee) 
Fact: Today the Bitcoin network is restricted to a sustained rate of 7 transactions per second.... Bitcoin needs to scale by a factor of 1000's to compete with creditcards.... And guys remember we are not competing with creditcards, there are many solutions for this and the right one will prevail.
@_date: 2015-06-06 23:21:07
that would be awesome.. asap please
@_date: 2015-06-05 09:19:13
Thanks.. it helps us promote Bitcoin, Freedom &amp; Anarchy ! ... share the love... check out our latest promotional offer &gt;&gt; 
@_date: 2014-09-06 21:24:31
We are the real thing.. currently just two girls and one "tool".
Sorry about the voice.. "we are anonymous" .. lol 
Luckly you can turn of the sound and and just read the text
Love &amp; Kisses
/Wet T-shirt Girls
@_date: 2014-09-15 08:19:48
Yes Yes Yes...Go topless... Every woman should have the right to make this choice... however it’s also up to each local community and individuals to react and set norms as they wish while always respecting the individual choice! An actual law that gives law enforcement right to enforce violence based on just woman going braless is fucking crazy horse shit !
Maybe Bitcoin together with the freedom for woman to go braless can stop wars and the unjust imprisoning of breasts, tits and boobs !! However some believe this freedom is only for some extremely beautiful people.. maybe that’s the issue here ?
A Fun fact : Senator Andrea Guglieri, the mayor of Diano Marina, a small family resort west of Genoa, and his council drew up a plan in year 2000 to ban fat and ugly women from walking around in two-piece costumes. Traffic wardens were to be entrusted with the task of stopping and examining women to ensure that they passed eight out of ten requirements, ranging from the size of their bust and buttocks. (Look it up) LOL
Also studies shows men who stare at boobs increase their health.. apparently you can get good results with 10 minutes of gawking is on par with a 30 minute intense workout after.
So based on scientific studies we are to girls who have decided to promote Bitcoin in our braless wet t-shirt for world peace and freedom ! Already we have introduced a few newcomers to the concept of micro payments… and after making 26 videos over 2 weeks... we made enough to buy a cheese burger with fries - Happy Days - Bitcoin and braless Freedom to all !!... and we will continue to do this daily with your help !
Consider how everything perfectly well-made is promoted by woman in the end... maybe it's time for Bitcoin to show it has Girl Power too and freedom to braless woman is certainly a good course.
If you are interested in our low budget amateur work : check out our daily videos e.g. : Why BATMAN is using Bitcoin &gt;&gt; 
yes this is a long post..  get over it ;-)
LOVE &amp; Kissses/ 
Wet T-shirt Girls
@_date: 2015-06-07 22:24:38
All content can be copied... so what’s the point of locking it up ?.... If you content is good enough viewers will appreciate you and sponsors will come. Just visualize what you need and ask you audience for it.. if you are fair and relevant you will get what you need in return and artist don’t need a middle-man to get payments..(simply mention your Bitcoin address and whatever you need in your video or song)
Check how we plan to fund our adventure &gt;&gt; 
@_date: 2014-09-06 22:24:34
Thanks.. however we are about creating entertaining videos for all to view for free and promoting Bitcoin all the way ! 
So just stay tunned to our YouTube channel for more video's daily
We would like to Shoot Guns and Ride Elephants for bitcoin  
in our wet t-shirts...And all with the goal to promote BITCOIN &amp; FREEDOM worldwide !!  
tell me about any product or service that isn’t in the end promoted by woman ?.. all perfect products are promoted by woman.. right ?
our idea is that we might get different users to read-up on Bitcoin and the importance it will have in the future
We see Bitcoin as the Savior unless it’s made by the C.I.A.. (then we are all fu….) !
No seriously its open source and you can run and review all the code yourself ;-)
Also our wallet with all our donations is open for all to see.. 


Peace and Love
/Two very Wet T-shirt Girls
@_date: 2014-09-09 21:56:32
There are so many reasons : 10 AMAZING Facts you properly NEVER Heard about MONEY ! 
@_date: 2014-09-06 23:19:27
Thanks for your advice !
Let us know if there is anything you like in our video's or what you would like us to change / make better in our video's ?  Action people !
Tomorrow we are going to the Beach looking for Bitcoin's in the sand with our metal detector.
We will try to get it on film ;-) and hopefully we will find some !
Love &amp; Kisses
/ Wet T-shirt Girls
You can follow our super low budget show (with great potential)
here &gt;&gt; 
@_date: 2014-09-07 19:28:28
That's true.. for now one can only dream of growing bigger ;-) also some people say it's what's inside that counts... lol... watch our latest video for more details.
We have a plan of making short black and white movies with more in-depth knowledge about FREEDOM, BITCOIN, perpetual traveling and living on the edge. Bitcoin could be our savior.. we really hope so :-)
Also we would like to Shoot Guns &amp; Ride Elephants in our wet t-shirts !
Love and Kisses
/Wet T-shirt Girls
Let us know if you have any questions
@_date: 2014-09-07 12:18:31
We fell the same way (2 years of pep-talking) but instead of waiting around for wider use we have just begun making funny videos on YouTube to promote Bitcoin with "Wet T-shirt Girls" daily videos. As we fell this is maybe the best way for us to contribute. Please don't hate that we also take donations.. we are not trying to do evil. Simply trying to get more attention to Bitcoin (in a Fun and different way) and see what we can do to provide people with a new reason to mention Bitcoin and hopefully start a trend with micro payments amongst new users. We have already emailed several of our new fans with Bitcoin related answers and important links. One fan replied that he has acquired Bitcoin for the first time because of us ! ... this makes us very proud and happy ! (we told him to share his story hopefully soon he will).... Check out our videos and feel the LOVE for Bitcoin with our daily videos.. also we are open for idea's ?
And hopefully we stand strong keep pep-talking to people without Bitcoin  ;-)
also fyi. we just got our own very first BTC via donation for our video work... and now after a few days we already have a small but very proud amount of 0.015 BTC... the first donation was so amazing... one day we will ask our fans what to do with it and document everything on the interwebs for everyone to follow.
The point we have made is transactions can actually be set in motion by anyone and we are are now so excited to be a part of the Bitcoin movement.
We hope this message spread a tiny smile on your face and we did not waste your time 100%
Big Kiss
/ Wet T-shirt Girls
