@_author: weurth
@_date: 2018-06-24 13:30:44
Yeh seriously. I was gearing up to feel sorry for the guy and then...nope
@_date: 2017-11-14 18:19:20
Thank you for everything that you do. You were the person that really helped me to 'get it'
@_date: 2018-02-02 17:59:46
The point is that nothing has fundamentally changed, we are experiencing a market cycle and we have plenty of evidence that it will (probably) go back up as it has after every previous market cycle. Given the market is irrational and we don't know why it went up or down in the short term, it makes sense to analyse the long term trend since the principles are the same now as they ever have been
@_date: 2018-03-29 19:05:49
If you followed the technological advancements rather than the price action your opinion wouldn't be so misinformed
@_date: 2017-09-02 16:26:44
That is the Coinbase app. You can also use Blockfolio or Coin Ticker
@_date: 2018-02-26 21:07:04
He ain't your dude, guy!
@_date: 2018-02-22 21:15:37
Some of the biggest players in the cryptocurrency market are calling for a shake-up in bitcoin futures trading.
Bitcoin futures started trading on Cboe Global Markets and CME in December and have been steadily growing since, with volumes for both markets at just under 10,000 contracts traded Wednesday, according to data from Bloomberg. At least 30 firms trade on Cboe, according to briefing documents from the exchange.
Bitcoin futures are cash-settled futures contracts. At the point of expiration, a trader will receive (or pay out) the difference between the price he or she bought the future at and the settlement price. In contrast, with physical settlement a trader takes ownership of bitcoin at the price established in the futures contract.
The cash-settled bitcoin futures market was seen as an attractive option for those looking to bet on the market without needing the infrastructure to handle the coin itself.
But now many top bitcoin traders, including B2C2, DRW, and DV Trading, are calling for the Cboe and CME to switch or add physical settlement. These firms, which also execute multimillion-dollar trades in the bitcoin market, were among the first participants in bitcoin futures and are active traders in the market.
Pricing for Cboe's contracts rely on the auction of a single exchange, whereas CME's contracts rely on a price index from four exchanges. The problem with this setup, opponents say, is that it could result in contracts settling at a price that doesn't reflect the most precise price of the coin.
"There are so many variables," John Lothian, a former trader and founder of the industry newsletter John Lothian News, told Business Insider.
"Each exchange shows different price levels, they operate in different countries, and are exposed to different regulatory risk," Lothian added.
Richard Gorelick, the head of market structure at the trading firm DRW, which operates the crypto trading giant Cumberland, said during a meeting with the watchdog Commodity Futures Trading Commission earlier this month: "We continue to have concerns that the way these futures contracts are pegged to these cash markets — which are less transparent — could result in dislocations in the future."
Physical settlement would also better facilitate an arbitrage trade, according to Garrett See of DV Chain, a cryptocurrency trading firm. If bitcoin is trading at a discount in the spot market relative to the futures market, a trader can go long bitcoin and short the future for a profit. See said:
"If they are physical delivery futures, then I know exactly what my P&amp;L will be if I hold it to expiration. If they're cash settled, I have to make another trade to unwind the spot position at expiration and I have to hope that I can unwind my position at the expiration price (including fees) even though I may not have the ability to trade on the exchanges that are being used to determine settlement price."
To be sure, firms like Cumberland and DV Chain stand to benefit from such a setup more than firms that don't trade in bitcoin and are just speculating on bitcoin futures, CoinRoutes CEO Dave Weisberger said.
Still, he said that "if the arbitragers costs come down, spreads tighten and the markets get more efficient."
It's also unclear what, if anything, these firms will do if there's no switch to physical settlement. And the switch to physically settled futures would require the CME and Cboe to build out the necessary infrastructure, which is easier said than done.
"There's no mechanism for clearing physical delivery," one industry insider told Business Insider. "Today's infrastructure does not yet support the clearing and custody of digital assets in a secure manner. Nor does it have the ability to facilitate simultaneous settlement of cash versus digital assets."
Max Boonen, the founder of B2C2, a UK-based crypto market-making firm, supports a physical delivery model but also noted that such a settlement infrastructure would be difficult to implement.
"Basically the clearing houses and the FCMs/brokers would need a bitcoin infrastructure to transfer crypto," he said in an email to Business Insider.
Physically settled bitcoin futures would also need to get the green light from the Commodity Futures Trading Commission.
A spokeswoman for CME told Business Insider that the exchange didn't "have plans to introduce a physically settled contract."
"We are always talking with our customers to understand their risk-management needs as the marketplace evolves," she added.
Cboe didn't respond to messages seeking comment.
@_date: 2018-02-02 19:42:56
What exactly has changed with regards to the fundamentals? You didn't address the main point I was making. If nothing has changed then the recent price action is completely in line with every other market cycle we have seen


The rise (and falls) over the past nine years have been correlated with the amount of wallets created, transaction volume and search interest over time, the main metrics we have for measuring interest / use. I never claimed it was rational but in a nascent market you make use of the analytics that you can.


This misrepresentation shows that you don't really understand the principles here or you are intentionally trolling
@_date: 2017-10-10 19:08:12
There is a list of companies who do not support or are explicitly against 2X. We can argue about how economically relevant they are but it's not just anonymous twitter and reddit users. 
There are also many prominent figures in the space who are publicly against it (Not an appeal to authority, just they are also willingly putting their name to their opinion)
@_date: 2018-04-05 18:23:31
"...entities regulated by the RBI shall not deal with or provide services to any individual or business entities dealing with or settling VC's"
That's pretty unequivocal. Doesn't matter if it's the banks directly or through a third party payment processor
Also, negative news != FUD
@_date: 2018-04-05 18:58:56
I take your point. It is a fast moving space and three months is a long time in this market. Also, it does feel very similar to "China bans crypto!!1!" from last summer
You are right, this has definitely caused fear and uncertainty in the market so it is the textbook definition of FUD. I just get annoyed with the attitude of "This is bad news, therefore it must be fake / FUD"