@_author: whacco
@_date: 2014-03-10 01:44:39


These two should follow each other pretty closely. As long as mining income is higher than electricity cost, more people will start mining. So I think that graph is a decent indicator of how much electricity the whole system is using per transaction. Of course it's eventually gonna go down when the block reward decreases and number of transactions goes up.
@_date: 2018-10-14 20:05:55
The main logical fallacy here is that just because something benefits you, it doesn't necessary benefit the economy as a whole. The writer only focuses on the first aspect, which nobody is denying. Of course mining is profitable from individual's point of view. Duh. The claim that mining wastes energy is a criticism on its bitcoin's design and not on someone's decision to start mining.
A good design for a system is such that individual utility and global utility are directly correlated. Bitcoin on the other hand gives individuals the perverse incentive to reduce global utility. That's because hashpower is a zero sum game. When you add a new miner to the network you increase your own profits, but reduce everyone else's by the same amount. When also considering mining costs, it becomes a negative sum game. Bitcoin is also long past the point where additional hashrate is needed to secure the network so there's no benefit there either.
@_date: 2018-10-17 14:18:36
I don't know why I even bother answering to someone who is so detached from reality, but let's do some simple math anyway. Visa alone processes around 150 million transactions per day which is 600 times more than Bitcoin. Bitcoin miners are currently consuming [8GW]( on average, which is like 8 nuclear reactors. If Visa was as "efficient" it would require 4800GW. And since you said "order of magnitude lower", we get 48000GW, which is 20 times the global electricity generation. Does that sound like a realistic number to you? 
@_date: 2013-11-25 05:24:34
You basically just redefined what intrinsic value means for money. It means what the value would be if it was not used as a medium of exchange. (And I'm aware of the wikipedia definition; it's not based on any sources so it doesn't carry any more weight than the definition I just gave.)
That being said, it's hardly important whether something has intrinsic value or not. For pretty much all purposes it's the actual value that matters. And bitcoin's value comes from the facts that you mentioned, among many others.