@_author: whatkatydidnt
@_date: 2016-08-05 14:19:01
So from what you're saying, if someone holds a gun to your head and tells you to give them all your money, unless you try to fought that person off you weren't mugged? If someone shoots you in the back, you weren't murdered because you should have been keeping a better look out? If someone burns your house down it's not arson unless you have a 10ft security fence and a guard dog?
@_date: 2016-08-05 13:39:39
I tired to physically stop him. He smacked my head on the wall, knocked me out and carried on anyway. Why the fuck would I try to physically resist him the next time? Women should NOT have to physically FIGHT for control of their own bodies. You're sick in the head.
@_date: 2016-08-05 13:10:40
The police told me he will be charged with that in October. The actual trial might be a year later.
@_date: 2016-08-05 14:01:00
He physically forced us. He told me that if I didn't lie down and submit to what he wanted he would make me, and he would make it hurt even more. He took naked pictures of me and told me that if I didn't do what he wanted he would send them to the parents of the children I teach. Lying down and letting him was the easiest option, because if I tried to resist in any way he would have just forced me anyway and deliberately hurt me even more than he was already going to.
@_date: 2016-08-05 13:23:45
Hi there. I'm one of the victims. I'd just like to say that you have no fucking clue what you're talking about. You weren't there when it happened, you weren't there in court, you've probably never met Kennedy. This particular quote has been reported by a trashy tabloid newspaper. I heard it said in court, I heard the entire context around the quote, and all the other things the paper has omitted. In my personal experience of Kennedy, if that girl had said no, thus ending the relationship, Kennedy would have retaliated, and done everything he possibly could to ruin her life. None of us who were in a relationship with him were able to simply walk away. If we were able to, bloody hell you wouldn't have seen me for dust. We stayed because we were all terrified of him. We did what he said because we were terrified of what he would do. He used blackmail, violence and coersion to force us to do what he wanted. And for the record, if it satisfies your misogynistic definition of rape, on multiple occassions he physically held me down and forced himself into me. It was terrifying, it fucking hurt. You literally have no idea, you ignorant little shit.