@_author: whatashamemy
@_date: 2013-12-23 19:28:36
I operate a dispensary in AZ. The banks work with us and most of our transactions are in cash. I've tried to push Bitcoin but the patients see no need for it. Through my retail experience at the dispensary I believe that Bitcoin should not be looked at as a currency or commodity for POS transactions.
As a dispensary owner my biggest need now is short term financing. When the SEC recognizes crowd funding with Bitcoin, I think Bitcoin will be the best tool for my business to raise a large amount of money from a wide group of small investors. I do not want to rely on big banks or venture capitalists.
I would love to give international Bitcoin investors the easy opportunity to invest in an industry that will most likely remain illegal in their country. If states around the globe aren't willing to tolerate medical marijuana use for their citizens, then at least Bitcoin protects the economic rights of aspiring marijuana entrepreneurs in these countries.
@_date: 2013-12-23 22:23:13
PM sent. $8 per gram if you pay in BTC.
@_date: 2013-12-22 16:16:39
I am an anarchist at my core. The past 150 years of anarchist history showed us that an anarchist society cannot work in practice.
I now believe that true anarchism can only be accomplished through direct and open communication with the state. This is why I believe we should support surveillance programs like NSA. More freedoms can be unlocked when we have open communication between the people and the state. 
When we accept this, it then becomes the citizens duty to enter the public life, get involved in local, state, and regional politics, and make the necessary changes to the laws that govern us. It would be our duty to spread decentralized currencies around the world and to challenge any government that doesn't give its citizens the economic rights to innovate and generate profits. Our objective would be to use the state as a tool for mass enlightenment in America and the rest of the world. 
When humanity is enlightened enough to reach the point of self rule, it is at this moment we can dissolve the state peacefully and live independently.
@_date: 2013-12-22 18:17:50
"real changes are being pushed through by global corporations and back-door deals"
this is also politics.."the practice and theory of influencing other people on a civic or individual level"
the bitcoin organization and open source team need to master politics if they want their interested protected from big banking. without this bitcoin will only be held back from its true potential.
@_date: 2013-12-24 18:28:30
The majority of our patients are older than 55. Very few even have an email address, internet, or smartphone. I do offer it lower cost for BTC.