@_author: whatisthis_whereami
@_date: 2018-01-21 02:04:23
Yeah, that's true. I'm not an econ student, by the way. I just read some textbooks because I was hecking confused about the economy.
@_date: 2018-01-20 21:20:48
Sure, I can see fiat and crypto both being used. But I think my point still stands though - existing Bitcoin has most of the wealth concentrated in a small population. Even if you slowly integrate the two monetary systems, you still end up with more "money" in the system representing the same amount of goods and services, with the Bitcoin folks now having a portion of the wealth and the fiat folks having less. (I guess it actually is a bit zero-sum that way).
If a large portion of the general populace wants to start using, wouldn't they vote to have a more egalitarian system implemented based on fiat exchange with a central authority? I know, the decentralization thing - but all of that's still there. Nobody gets to create or destroy any coins, money is still transferred the same way, etc. It's the same system as currently exists, just without the current uneven distribution of coin holdings.
@_date: 2018-01-20 21:44:50
Oh, I'm not arguing against cryptocurrency. I think it's fine. My argument was that for crypto to become widespread, people will likely have to vote to implement a new fork with government-mediated fiat currency exchange, in order to avoid a large macroeconomic redistribution of wealth. Companies with lots of USD, for example, would resist a move to a new currency system if they were unable to exchange their existing resources.
It's really not a statement about crypto in general, just saying that the currently existing coins can't be the ones to make it big.
@_date: 2018-01-20 22:09:05
Oh yeah, good point, I didn't think of that. On the individual level I guess we have no numbers then. But at least for companies I can say that most do not publicly hold crypto.
@_date: 2018-01-20 22:59:33
Yeah, that makes sense on a microeconomic level, but what happens on the macro level? All the (less desirable) fiat money gets pushed around, but it's all still there in the economy, so what happens to the people who own it? Whether it's companies or individuals, I think it's these people who would push for a new crypto where they can switch in their USD. That would require a new coin and a one-time public currency exchange.
In this case I'm not just talking about companies, I'm talking about all the normal people who would somehow have to get crypto to join in the new economy.
@_date: 2018-01-20 23:31:00
Yep, that's a good point. Yeah, I mean I think crypto is pretty awesome in those regards, but I wasn't really making a point about which currency is better. I'm just saying that sure, one person can buy crypto and get rid of their fiat, but then somebody else just has that fiat. Nobody wants that fiat, but on the macro scale, it just moves around and never disappears, unless the government decides to just get rid of it and give everyone some crypto.
But say that doesn't happen and a set of the population couldn't get any crypto. If I'm understanding you correctly, you're saying that since assets are much greater than the money supply, people would eventually just throw away their fiat and sell some of their stuff to get crypto. Companies without crypto would take out loans from whales or something in order to finance their operations. That's an option, but I'm arguing that given that option, the public would probably just decide to keep using USD. The alternative doesn't sound like something that would reasonably happen.
@_date: 2018-01-20 21:27:00
Ha yeah, did you see the mess when it happened in India recently?
I don't think I've ever seen a country change currencies unless either the government was directly facilitating it, or the existing currency just completely became worthless. That's another reason why I feel a US or UN created crypto would be the only feasible path towards wide public usage.
@_date: 2018-01-20 22:04:24
I'm not suggesting that a country control the coin. It'll be the same as an existing crypto, just with a one-time exchange of coins using fiat money. After that you have your own wallet and the coin is decentralized.
As an extreme example, suppose that everybody knew cryptocurrency was going to become the new global standard by this time next year. If you don't have crypto, how do you go about buying it? Who will sell it to you if fiat is getting replaced? We see this even now with many people in this sub refusing to sell, and believing that Bitcoin will become the new standard. This is the macroeconomic problem I'm talking about, where a coin can't become widespread unless the public as a whole comes together and replaces their old currency en masse. This is what I mean when I say that the government creating a new coin and doing an exchange is the only way to obtain mass adoption.
@_date: 2018-01-20 22:42:19
Hey man, no need to get upset. Like I said, I'm open to hearing anything you say. And it's not like macroeconomic redistribution is -
 as you call it - a "big boy word". Literally everybody else in this thread understood it.
Anyway, what do you mean by debt-based? If you mean one person owing something to another person then yeah all money is debt-based, including cryptocurrency. And of course total money is always far less than total assets (unless everything in the whole country was somehow in the process of exchanging hands), but last time I checked, the USD M0+M1+M2 monetary supply was around 13 trillion, so it's not like it's trivial. And I'm not talking about just losing the fiat in your bank account, I'm talking about not being able to get your paycheck because your company owns fiat instead of Bitcoin. The existing distribution of crypto is a real problem, and without a method of having everybody switch out their fiat, crypto is going to have a problem becoming widespread.
EDIT: Whoops, monetary supply was actually 21.3 trillion in 2017. My bad.
@_date: 2018-01-21 00:26:31
Ok, I think I see what you're saying now. Even though total loans and debts in an economy are equal, the debts are spread out among a lot of people, while the loans are concentrated among a smaller number of lenders. So then you're saying that the majority of people will support a move to Bitcoin? This reminds me of the concept of a jubilee, where a government declares all debts legally void. I guess that could get some support.
But as an aside, wouldn't debts be much worse under crypto than fiat in the long term? Currently the Fed prints enough new money to keep inflation at about 1.5% per year, but under crypto there's no inflation at all (and in fact there's deflation), which means the debt holders would get screwed much harder than before!
@_date: 2018-01-20 21:16:56
Well, I mean any noticeable movement of the economy from fiat to crypto will cause the crypto holders to gain value and the fiat holders to lose value, I think. My argument should still hold even if we're not talking about a complete transfer.
@_date: 2018-01-20 21:35:43
Oh nice, go USA! I'll edit my post.
China wasn't really my point though - my point was that a few people are holding most of the Bitcoins, and if we start moving to the existing Bitcoin system, it causes a macroscopic transfer of wealth that the general population would not be in favor of.
@_date: 2018-01-20 21:17:58
I'm basing it off this graph: 
I have no idea how much Bitcoin China actually has, but I keep hearing that they're holding most of it.
@_date: 2018-01-20 21:52:28
Thanks for the reply.
I'm not really talking about letting the USA control the coin though. They'd just have to clone Bitcoin, take the M1 monetary supply and divide by 21 million, and then allow people to exchange USD for coins at that rate. Afterwards the coin would operate as usual, not subject to USD fluctuations. It could even be a one-time thing.
Using the existing version of Bitcoin, I guess I mostly can't see how people would "buy into" crypto if it were to become widespread. If crypto was obviously better than fiat, then who would be selling? A government-mediated exchange is the only reasonable way I can see of having a new currency go public. As I said elsewhere, I've never seen a new currency take over unless the government did a direct exchange or the old currency completely collapsed.
@_date: 2018-01-20 23:55:21
Yeah, you're right about the constant trade in. That would ruin the whole system, making it centralized. These problems you're pointing out probably mean that a government-issued coin won't work.
But if a government doesn't step in, how can crypto ever become widespread? You can use your fiat to buy crypto in order to join the economy, but that requires somebody to take your fiat in the first place. The total amount of fiat just gets pushed around without government intervention. That's the problem with an existing currency - it's self-perpetuating and very hard to displace. It sticks around so people have to keep using the old currency. And if two coexisting currencies are equally desirable (which they would have to be if you can find somebody to buy your fiat), then there's no incentive for people to adapt to the new one. I think this is why currencies don't tend to change naturally unless the old one entirely collapses.
@_date: 2018-01-20 21:41:08
I'm basing my statement on seeing articles like this, which look at the number of Bitcoin wallets and how many coins are in them: 
@_date: 2018-01-20 22:51:33
Nice, you're making some pretty good points.
I'm imagining what happened in India recently, where people are allowed to go to the bank and trade in their old currency for the new one. And I mean, the USA is just all its people, so if the public wants cryptocurrency then I think the government can implement it. But whether or not they do it, I don't think it can happen naturally, mostly because people tend to "hoard" the better currency while using the popular one and this creates distribution problems. I can't think of any instances of a country widely using two different currencies (outside of tourist areas with a tacked-on exchange fee).
As for the mining problem, isn't it the same with current Bitcoin? What happens to it after all the coins have been mined? I actually don't know much about that, so I don't have any thoughts here.
@_date: 2018-01-20 21:58:01
Thanks for the reply. I'm not saying that people won't sell fiat for crypto. Actually, it's the other way around - if crypto is in the process of replacing fiat, then who would sell crypto for fiat? It becomes a process of hot potato, where everybody left holding fiat at the end loses out. That's what I'm talking about with the macroeconomic redistribution, where a small number of crypto holders end up wealthy at the expense of fiat holders. This is the problem that exists with currently existing cryptos becoming widespread. I think the only way to avoid this is to have the public create a new coin and perform a one-time currency exchange.