@_author: whateveryousaylol
@_date: 2015-02-18 15:44:36
You don't even need a virus.  All you need to do is kidnap the family of the top mining pools and force them to give you control over their hashing power.  A terrorist attack or organized crime could take bitcoin down with ease if it ever got to be big.  The more bitcoin scales the more centralized it becomes.  The more centralized it becomes the more open to attack it is.  The fact that you guys want to put the entire financial network in the hands of a few random people in China is laughable.  You're counting on the fact that either 1.) they won't collude or 2.) some awful people won't blackmail or kidnap them and force them to release control over their network.  Bitcoin is absolutely not anti-fragile, and it creeps towards centralization with every extra transaction per day.
Government wants to shut down bitcoin?  Arrest pool operators and miners and then threaten them with jail time unless they help with them a 51% attack.  The amount of ways big institutions could topple bitcoin is hilarious.
@_date: 2015-02-18 16:26:21
Are you one of the few people that experienced those gains?  If not why does it matter?
If bitcoin userbase doubles every 8 months, than according to your very own statistics, more people joined bitcoin post November 2013 bubble - by orders of magnitude.  You know what else that means?  FAR more bitcoiners have lost truck loads of money than have earned money.  There are definitely success stories, but there are far more I lost it all stories.
@_date: 2015-02-18 16:16:22
Bitcoin is not decentralized if the entire network can be taken down by getting control of a select few mining pools.  End of story.  The majority hash rate fluctuates between a small handful of people.  Right now, it's "evenly" distributed with the biggest pool @ 18%.  It's been as bad as nearing 50% for one pool.  Terrorists, organized crime, or government could take down the bitcoin network by simply grabbing control of a few pools.  Kidnapping, blackmail, legal threats, all among ways people can gain control of mining pools.  But do go on about decentralization even though a few pools control the entire network.
@_date: 2015-02-18 15:54:40
So it doesn't matter that every day users will soon not be able to run nodes?  I thought the point of bitcoin was to have a decentralized model...  So now the point of bitcoin is to have a fully centralized model where the Chinese control an entire financial back bone?  I guess as long as it makes you rich, you won't question it right?
If bitcoin ever grew to be the size of Visa, the blockchain would grow some 3 gigs per day.  And that's just a single company.  That's not sustainable in any dencentralized model.  Bitcoin either succeeds and is 100% centralized or it fails and remains decentralized.  Right now there are no solutions to accomplish both.  No amount of pruning and what not will change the fact that bitcoin will require a 100mbit line and multiple TBs of hard drive space to run a node.  
@_date: 2015-02-18 15:34:38
No it wouldn't.  It would be like every other major retailer "accepting" bitcoin - a small pump and back to normal.  2014 has already proved that more merchant adoption does not lead to a successful bitcoin.  Want bitcoin to be a success?  Create a reason for consumers to adopt it.  Make it do something fiat can't do.  Until that day happens bitcoin will continue to slide consistently. 