@_author: whatisajewanyway
@_date: 2014-03-28 06:25:07
Such is life. Thank you &lt;3
@_date: 2014-03-28 05:47:39
Make you feel bad?
I'm 25, I have psioratic arthritis, ankylosing spondylitis, borderline personality disorder, a.d.d, and I'm bi-polar type 2, my wife left me took our child and moved across the country, I'm going through a divorce, completely broke, my car's transmission died, so now if I need to go anywhere I have to walk (which is painful for me) and I can't afford the long term treatment for my autoimmune disease and doctors don't want to do it because it's a long term treatment and my insurance is about to be lost due to the divorce I'm going through, so now I'm going through a shit ton of chronic pain and no ER doctor is willing to give me any type of strong narcotic that would help me. I have 0 dollars currently to my name, and am in a super fucked position. I can't work, and until my divorce is over I don't qualify for disability which could take quite a while. While visiting my child, my mother gave my room away that I was staying to some girl that was obsessed with me because she's more of a child to her than I was, and I'm currently sleeping wherever the hell I can. I can keep going but I'd rather not..(Edit: I'm not even expecting any type of bitcoin tips, It kind of felt good to just get this off my chest a bit..) 
@_date: 2013-10-01 13:20:33
Unfortunately not, or at least not that I'm aware of but I'll look into it! And yeah, it's no fun. Anyway, great idea and thank you for it! :)
@_date: 2013-10-01 13:22:26
I completely get it, and understand that it's not worth it. Maybe in the future I can look into some mining hardware but like I said, that's the future. And that's alright! Thank you taking your time to comment though! Great metaphor btw XD
@_date: 2013-10-01 10:20:08
Well I definitely don't have the money to buy them to start off with, so right now mining is my only option to get started but I definitely want to get to the point of buying and selling bitcoins. And thank you so much for the tip! You're awesome!
@_date: 2013-10-01 12:21:12
Yeah I've been browsing, unfortunately so far there isn't anything I've seen that I can do, it's mostly coding and stuff :[ but I won't let that discourage me! I'll keep an eye open! thanks though! have an upvote!
@_date: 2013-10-01 11:10:22
I'm going through a divorce, my wife took my kid and moved to Washington and I have nothing but my car which needs a new radiator and motor fan, and some other small stuff. I have an autoimmune disease in my spine that's effecting me badly and can't currently do labor, I was a stay at home dad and put up ads fixing computers from home to help out the best I could but it saved us $800 in a month in babysitting fees too and was living on a military base. Anyway I'm currently in a bad position and I'm trying to improve it, but right now I have barely any means of making money besides scrapping stuff locally, etc. I'm trying to find a part time job but the job market around here is..well, bad, to say the least. I had everything taken from me and dropped on my ass and now I'm stuck back in my hometown staying with family until I can get on my feet after the divorce is final but I have absolutely no idea when that could be currently. Sorry for the life story and everything, and no it wasn't "harsh" but before giving an opinion like that but I'd recommend not going ahead and assuming that a person isn't already trying conventional methods. But the advice you gave IS sound and I respect it! You get an upvote! Also as far as my laptop goes, It's just temporary until I get my desktop back, but my laptops specs are an i7 / geforce gt 650m for exact specs, sorry if i was mistaken in what i was saying regardless.