@_author: what_the_frell
@_date: 2014-02-24 04:17:27
I think the likelihood of that happening is gradually shrinking down to nothing as time goes on. They've been locked down for roughly two weeks if I recall correctly, and (again, assuming I recall correctly) they've only given non-updates as to the status of the resolution.
Have they said anything that even approaches "We guarantee that we can still cover our customers' withdrawls"? Not that I've seen.
Edit: forgot to include my point. Given that there's been nothing but non-updates, and no guarantee that the money is still there, I think it's a fairly safe bet that the money (or at least a significant portion of it) is gone. Whether it's because of resent transactions or someone putting a hand into the cookie jar, I don't think the money's all there.
@_date: 2013-04-11 13:28:56
So each broker would be handling any transactions they can internally, and only resorting to using the exchange when they don't have appropriate resources to handle a transaction? I agree that that way of doing things could reduce the load on the exchange, though technically all you've done is shift the load onto smaller sites, albeit a smaller load per site.
Assuming the smaller brokers build a well-designed system and learn from Gox's design flaws, they likely won't run into the same issues as Gox. The only issue I really foresee with that plan is that the complexity of the system overall will increase, which may lead to user confusion regarding which broker to use, as well as losing money to extra fees imposed by multiple trading levels (in such cases where the broker site can't handle the transaction itself).
This has been a good, civil back and forth. Upvoting your comments :)
@_date: 2013-03-30 16:02:31
I guess a somewhat related question would be is it possible to change wallets/clients? Or do you need to simply transfer money to a new one?
Honestly, I'm still a little fuzzy on the terminology. I get that a wallet is where the balance is stored, but what about something like Electrum or Bitcoin-qt? Are those just wallets or do they handle mining as well?
@_date: 2013-04-11 03:53:36
I think multi-user was the wrong term in that context. Multi-input, perhaps? If there's a single input into the queue (for purposes of this, let's say Satoshi Nakamoto is just transferring coins back and forth between his wallets) it's probably a safe assumption that it'll either be infrequent or at least sufficiently predictable that you'll be able to handle the volume. As the number of inputs (users executing trades) goes up, the unpredictability of timing and volume goes up as well. You could get a slam of 1000x 1 BTC transactions, or a trickle of 2 transactions an hour. (arbitrarily chosen numbers)
If that single thread can't clear the queue, you're going to end up with a backlog that keeps growing. While adding a second thread doesn't guarantee clearing out the backlog anytime soon, it can theoretically halve the time a given backlog item sits there from the time it's put in the queue to the time it's handled. It's akin to Gox having to hire a bunch of new people to review the verifications; they have a backlog and they need more "threads" to get through it in a reasonable amount of time. Too bad they don't seem to have the same grasp of computing...
@_date: 2013-04-14 02:45:27


A single Bitcoin would therefore have to be worth $10 million USD of todays dollars for a single Satoshi to equal 1 cent.
100M / 100 = 1M. So each BTC would be worth $1M if 1 satoshi = 1 cent
@_date: 2013-04-11 02:52:51
Interesting high-level idea. However, what if two people who happen to bank at the same location buy-in the exact same amount at approximately the same time? (i.e., close enough that the exchange rate is the same) If you're depositing to the same corporate account, how do you tell which has paid and which hasn't? Is there a code or something you can provide on either end to indicate you're you?
@_date: 2013-04-11 06:24:43
But let's say they both tell the site "I want 5 BTC" and it tells them each to deposit $X into account Y. Bob does it, and Jim doesn't. How does the site know which did?
@_date: 2013-04-12 03:31:18
I love how you seem to think that the US government outlawing it will do a whole lot. Believe it or not, there are other countries in the world, none of which are under American jurisdiction. Does BTC have higher user adoption within the USA? Quite possibly. But a big feature of these crypto-currencies is that they're *decentralized* and therefore not under any country's jurisdiction. Maybe Americans wouldn't be able to use it for goods with the US, but there are other uses.
Another thing: guess what else they outlawed a while back. Alcohol. That worked out well for them.
@_date: 2013-03-30 22:04:34
I wish I was able to give more than one upvote - that explained things pretty well.
Thanks for taking the time to help me out with this :)
@_date: 2013-03-30 17:02:48
I think that actually helps me out a bit(coin - haha). And while I think your security suggestions are a little over the top for day 1 of BTC, I definitely agree that a degree of security is necessary.
So if a wallet has nothing to do with the mining software, what's the reason that bitcoin-qt is downloading and processing the blockchain?
@_date: 2013-04-11 02:31:33


You're assuming it's single-threaded, which is a wonderfully craptacular implementation of pretty much anything multi-user. A latency of 10s doesn't mean anything (in this use-case) if you can handle 100 of those transactions at the same time. Throughput trumps latency, but that assumes the site is well-designed.
With regards to DB blocking, I really hope they wouldn't be using a system that locks the world on write. For something like this, you need transactional functionality (for rollbacks if necessary and whatnot) and row-locking. Even table-locking will kill you.
As for the servers, I did a packet capture and (although I can't be certain) it looks as though at least some of the data is coming from an EC2 instance (the rest seems to be proxied through their anti-DDoS provider). Everything I've read over the years says that if you want high performance, EC2 instances probably aren't your best bet. However, I should state that I have not actually tested that myself, and it's second-hand anecdotal information.