@_author: whatthefeeisthat
@_date: 2016-06-15 21:45:35
was replying to the parent post to his post, not to yours.  That is why he is disagreeing about a flood of "min-relay-fee" transactions.
I think you may be confused as to who he was replying to.
Also, aside from the title of your post, there's nothing to "even read".  Did your post get deleted by chance?
@_date: 2016-06-16 00:54:53
Fair enough.  I did write a wall of text to say what's already been said, so I probably deserve the downvotes.
Thank you for your honesty, criticism, and taking the time to reply instead of only downvoting.  Here's an upvote on me :)
@_date: 2016-06-15 20:42:49
Two questions.
1. What is a "normal fee"?  Please give the actual amount in BTC since there's no such thing as a "normal" fee.
2. What happens when *every single person* gives the higher fee?  Will the transactions all confirm?
Hypothetically let's imagine if every 10 minutes there are 1,024 users each submitting a 1KB transaction.  None of these users are cheap and they all decide to pay the full fee required by the network.  After 10 minutes, all 1024 transactions will be mined and the block will be exactly full.  What happens if the usage increases by exactly 1 users (who still pays the high fees) every 10 minutes?  After 10 minutes, there will be 1024 tx in the block but 1 tx left out, regardless of the fee.  After 20 minutes, there will be 2 tx left out and so on.
It should be fairly clear from this example that if *everyone* pays the same high fee, then there will be an arbitrary decision to exclude a transaction.  See [The Pidgeonhole Principle](
**Edit**: Why the downvotes?  At least criticize me please.  I'm always eager to learn, so if you think I'm wrong, try to change my view!
@_date: 2016-06-15 21:34:40
Please correct me if I'm wrong.
I was under the impression that they were charting the transactions within the local node that the individual website is running.  What they are charting is the sum of the sizes of each transaction in the local mempool.  The size of each transaction is the number of bytes that the transaction would contribute to the block size limit if it were to be accepted into a block.
Clearly charting a flat line of 300MB is not very interesting.  I assume that the charts are using a custom node that is of *similar* functionality to Bitcoin Core.  These nodes remove transactions when they become invalid or after they become "stale".  The policy for removal may differ from that of Bitcoin Core and may result in fewer transactions being removed.  If a removed transaction that is still valid can always be rebroadcast, then I don't see why it should not logically be included in one of these mempool charts even if it would be rejected by Bitcoin Core.
@_date: 2016-06-15 21:03:28
After enough time, "stale" transactions transactions will eventually be removed from the pool.  Aside from this, I do not believe there is any actual limit aside from the memory limits of those storing the transactions.
@_date: 2016-06-15 21:21:00
I *might* support small blocks under the following conditions:
1. An off-chain scaling solution (such as LN) is *already* deployed.
2. The small blocks are large enough to handle traffic from new users.
Since LN is not deployed yet, I would support multiple solutions including but not limited to:
1. A *temporary* increase in block size until LN is complete, then a decrease.
2. A permanent increase in block size contingent upon the network not imploding due to the reasons mentioned by the Core devs.
3. Almost any other solution that will scale the network in the short term without destroying it in the long term.  Many people criticize constantly increasing the blocksize because it does not scale *long term*.  This is not an issue as long as it is used merely in the *short term* until a permanent solution is created!
I don't care what the long term solution is, but a short term solution must be deployed immediately or else there will be no long term to solve!