@_author: whatinthehey
@_date: 2018-08-19 17:40:48
This is silly. You don't give a fair comparison to USD, and you completely skip almost all of the long term infinitely more important considerations for both bitcoin and fiat currency. Krugman does not thing the UDS is a better bet because it is more durable. Let's go point by point:
1) Does bitcoin currently have value? Yes of course it does. One of the main tenets of economics is something is worth what the market will pay for it. What people really mean when they ask the question 'does bitcoin have value' is 'what is the long term viability of bitcoin and why is it a better choice than the alternative'. By this metric beanie babies were a great investment in 1995, they had a ton of value! But that value did not last long term. People are making similiar predictions about bitcoin, i,e. that it will not be desirable by most people over the long term. 
2) Divisibility: as others have pointed out this is probably your least fair comparison. You are implicitly assuming that 1 bitcoin is equivalent to 1 USD, and as such the number of decimal points between the two base units is meaningful. This is clearly nonsense. There will only ever be 21 million bitcoins, but there are already 12 trillion USD in circulation. Currently, consumer goods cost on the order of 1 USD, and they only cost on the order of a fraction of a bitcoin. I have never heard anyone call for a division of USD smaller than a penny. What would the use of it be? The US government can also change what denominations of USD are issued as legal tender. (This is how we would get rid of the penny). There is no reason why a denomination smaller than a penny couldn't be issued. But again, what is the use for it?
3) Durability: again, this is a grossly unfair comparison. I can take any worn US currency to either my bank or submit it to the bureau of printing and engraving for a replacement. It may be a little bit of effort on my part, but it is easily accomplished. Yes, electronic money does not experience any wear, but no one in the US is losing fiat currency due to the finite durability of paper and coins. No one is refusing the use USD because they might rip and then be worthless. The electronic USD equivalent I hold in my bank account/investment account/ etc. also experiences zero wear and ear. 
4) Portability : How often do you need to physically carry large amounts of USD? My electronic bank account can hold arbitrary amounts with no problem, and I can electronically transfer large amounts of cash without ever needing to fold up the equivalent bills in my wallet. Your point about civil asset forfeiture is a good one, and one of the few benefits to bitcoin.
5) Cognizabity: The value of USD is not greatly changing due to counterfeiting and there is an entire department of the US government devoted to identifying and prosecuting forgers. This is not really a problem in practice. I would argue that the fact the USD is accepted everywhere in the US, several other places in the world, and has an entire legal and military infrastructure devoted to maintaining that fact make the USD a much more cognizable currency. How many merchants/institutions recognize bitcoin as a currency in comparison?
6) Store of value: Bitcoin clearly fluctuates wildly in value compared to the USD (and you do mention this and give USD the win).  This is clearly a huge hurdle to mass adoption. You mention inflation as a determent against the USD, but many economists would argue that this is (along with central bank regulation) is probably fiat currency's greatest strength. Inflation does a few things: first, it encourages investment as opposed to just saving. This leads to greater economic growth overall and progress. Second, inflation means that debts (generally experienced by the poor middle class, not the wealthy class) are easier to pay off as time goes on. This is one of the reasons is was the progressives in the US who strongly argued to get off the gold standard. Third, it gives a central bank macro economic tools to help regulate a countries economy. Without central banks we run a much higher risk of both deeper recessions and runaway inflation. Inflation and central banking is one of the main reasons why the USD is such a good store of value compared to other commodities (including crypto currencies). 
Points that are much more important that you don't mention at all on the side for USD: 
Ease of use: Every merchant I want to do business with must accept USD. I can pay many people with no fees to me via check, paypal or venmo. I get cash back for using my credit card, as well as a ton of consumer protections. These transactions are free to me, fast, and incredibly easy. There is zero variability in fees or transaction time. The infrastructure built around handing USD transactions is already scaled. VISA handles transactions worth around 5 trillion USD per day. 
Ease of preservation: I can safely store USD in my bank, and if I get robbed or the bank fails or I forget my online banking password there are mechanisms to get my money back. I have no desire to be my own bank, the potential risk due to the complete lack of safety net is way too high for my comfort and I think most Americans feel the same way. My bank doesn't charge me any fees, and the time spend to find such a bank is considerably less than the time it takes to research the best way to "safely" store my crypto. 
Institutional support: On a personal level, there is already a banking/loan industry build up around USD. On the banking industry, see my points above about ease of preservation. On the loan front, normal people will never save enough bitcoin to straight up buy a house. There are consumer protections written into law about predatory lending practices in USD. No such protections exist for a burgeoning crypto loaning system (and if you want bitcoin to remain unregulated, they may never exist). These are issues that crypto will need to tackle if it ever wants to dethrone the USD.  On the national level, central banks are a great thing. They help regulate the economy (see the points about inflation above) and server as a lender of last resort to avoid financial meltdown. For hundreds of years we used inflationary currencies without central banks. There is a reason most major economies in the world don't do this anymore. From a macro-economic perspective, bitcoin is a step back not forward.
Points for bitcoin: 
Ease of international transfer: This is one place where bitcoin smokes a lot of traditional currencies. I don't need to pay fees, or worry about exchange rates. That said, I don't think most people make international transfers often enough to have this be a main driver of adoption. 
Lack of regulation: The two cases where lack of regulation is a main pro for bitcoin are 1) that it is not subject to potential rampant national inflation (see Venezuela) and 2) that it is difficult for the government to seize. Personally I feel that the risk of number 1 happening in the US are incredibly small, and if it did the world economy would be in such dire straights that I'm not sure bitcoin would be significantly safer. Food and ammo may be a much better catastrophic economic downturn hedge than bitcoin is. For 2, as I already said this is a win for bitcoin (although there are reasons why you may want to be able to disrupt someone's finances, for example if they are using it to finance terrorism. How much you view this as risk comes down to how much you trust the legal system of the US). 
Conclusion: For bitcoin to have serious long term value it needs to be able to compete with the USD on the above points, and to have some compelling benefit above and beyond just matching the utility of the USD. Otherwise there is no compelling reason to hold bitcoin. Maybe over the long term it will, but how it will do so is currently very unclear. These are the sorts of issues people are talking about when they talk about the long term value of bitcoin. No one is going to abandon the USD and switch to bitcoin because of durability. 
@_date: 2018-08-19 21:08:32
Thanks for the reply. I think we should just agree to disagree, but I want to emphasize that the vast majority of the criticism around bitcoin's value comes from macro economic principles. To ignore them is to ignore the argument that economists have against it. That's the argument you sound like you set up to refute by citing people like Krugman, and it's what makes your piece read a little like a straw man. 
Bitcoin may solve a lot of it's problems, and develop a lot of the institutional support it needs to become a full fledged currency, but it isn't there yet. I find economics and monetary policy fascinating, and would absolutely love to hear a convincing use case for crypto relative to USD applicable to most people in the developed world. Unfortunately, I haven't really heard one yet, and it makes crypto sound like solution in search of a problem. 