@_author: what_wags_it
@_date: 2015-01-08 17:10:20
Still caught in the conundrum, broker/dealers don't make markets for a term beyond where they see liquidity in the underlying asset. In any market it's easier to get a good price on a near-term rather than long-term derivative because your broker/dealer has more actionable price signals. 
Interest rates reflect market sentiment about the future stability and direction of economic growth as well as currency values. Without a long term debt market any currency position is purely speculative.
In theory a peer-to-peer lending network can provide these price signals, but lenders/borrowers both need to commit to long-term loans. 
Established currencies benefit from a captive economy: if you live and do business in a country you don't think twice about using the sovereign's currency for borrowing and investing; personal preference rarely (if ever) factors in, and totally opting out is inconceivable. Bitcoin has no such captive economy on which to build long-term price stability. 
@_date: 2015-01-07 02:44:24
Totally relevant, thanks! 
Using this platform would involve watching the differential between your borrowing rate and the rate you could get in short-term USD money markets, (relatively) risk free deposits. If the swap rate drifts away from this differential you have your trade.
The two obvious problems at this point are term and market depth. 30 days is too short a duration to do anything interesting, and based on the posted volumes you could not move a lot of money before blowing through all the posted offers. 
This gets back to the conundrum: the Bitcoin debt market (i.e.; the ecosystem of borrowers and lenders) is not large enough to generate actionable market signals, yet the lack of visibility is exactly what deters long-term entrants.
@_date: 2015-01-07 01:53:36
Great example. Extending it, if the shoemaker's suppliers and workers accepted Bitcoins then when he wanted to expand his business he would approach a bank (or peer-to-peer lending network, if you prefer) and take out a loan that he would pay back over several years with his Bitcoin-denominated earnings. 
The loan is funded by Bitcoin deposits that earn a rate of interest, which comes from borrowers like the shoemaker paying back their loan. 
The interest rate incorporates the credit risk of the borrower, opportunity costs for depositors, and expected inflation: it's a critical signal incorporating a wealth of information about the underlying economy. 
This signal is exactly what the Bitcoin economy is missing today.
