@_author: whenthervlutioncomes
@_date: 2013-11-23 04:22:55
Stop doing such risky trades. Let's be honest, you've got to have pretty big balls to trade in Bitcoins at all, it's value is highly variable and it's not a proven asset, at any time the market could just lose interest in it, the government step in with a regulation, and then *poof*. Furthermore, your market timing it, and you're doing a really bad job. You are buying high and selling low, feeding the market panics. 
If you want some sound investment advice, diversify and stop market timing. Investing all your money in a single asset is just stupid as fuck, I'm sorry. Investing it all in one asset and then market timing? Jesus Christ. 90% of inexperienced investors, when market timing, will do just what your doing, consistently panic and become a giant feeder. The other 10% do no better than random chance, because that's all these short term price movements generally are - random chance. Growth is *only* a long term trend. It's nowhere near the rates you could theoretically get if you look at the price history and think about how if you would've bought here, traded there, etc..., etc... - but that's fucking irrelevant. You don't have a crystal ball, you're not going to reproduce that. Unless you have some insider info, you'd do best to diversify your investments widely. You will not make it all back in a month, but you will grow consistently in the long term. 
If you continue on your current path, a herd following day trader in a single damn asset, you're going to lose all your damn money. I'm sorry, that's just how it's going to wind up. You won't stop at 150k, I know that. Just think about how much worse you're going to feel once you're at 150k, and how much more tempting it's going to be just to try a little once again to "make it all back". This is classic gamblers thinking. You sound just like my mom at the casino, switching from gambling machine to gambling machine, pressing the lever in just the right way, as if it's all not somehow just random chance anyway. 
The universe doesn't give two shits about you. Random chance is the fairest thing in existence. It will never favor you over anyone else. You don't know when the prices are going to rise and when they're going to fall, how on Earth could you know that? How could you think you could? Why would you bet hundreds of thousands on that?
How could you be so selfish? Do you think your sister is going to be fine with having 75k of her inheritance? Because of your foolish experiment, you have cost her a relatively easy entrance into life. Now your going to leave her with only enough for college? Take away her ability to invest for retirement? Her ability to buy a house? Her car? How much more can you take from her? How can you look yourself in the mirror and think "Oh, I will just throw 250k more down the garbage, then split the 150k left of the original 800k, and everything will be OK"? Have you no shame? The only honorable thing to do would be to stop right now, come clean about how much you've lost, tell her that you consider these losses to be taken out of *your* half, and that *all* of the remaining money is hers. Then get a job, and consider this chapter of your life over. I assure you, you will wind up penniless if you continue down your current route anyway (please do not comfort yourself with the false promises of stopping at 150k, stop granting yourself this excuse for your behavior), this way you'll at least have some honor and self-respect.