@_author: wheresmyelephant
@_date: 2014-06-14 03:03:28
Dude, nobody is impressed with your ability to make small purchases on your phone in 2014. There is such a thing as Amazon. 
Okay there are still people without smartphones who are pretty behind the times, I suppose. But I'm guessing she wanted to make conversation and she was willing to humor you a little.
@_date: 2014-06-14 12:49:17
No, I can't say I do really care much about that distinction. I also *really* doubt that the girl in the story had this in mind.
That said, my initial guess was that these were college students. But you're right, it sounds more like high school, which probably invalidates my point in more ways than one.
@_date: 2014-04-07 20:11:51
IANAL but surely they're all at least on the hook for reckless endangerment. I'd guess conspiracy to commit murder as well.
Prosecutorial discretion exists, and in the preposterously unlikely event that thousands and thousands of otherwise ordinary people were culpable, they might not elect to charge everyone (or juries might not convict). But this isn't really a legal loophole, it's just a political decision, and surely it wouldn't save the few people who took a more active role in the process.
It's also not a new idea and doesn't really require drone technology as I see it. I could hire 10 people to form a firing squad and tell them that only 2 people have real bullets (as indeed is common for firing squads). I didn't shoot anyone so my hands are clean, and most of the shooters don't really expect their "vote" to be the one that's deadly, they're just in it to make a buck, so they're off the hook too right? Of course not: we're all going to jail. Doing it on a large scale with thousands of people might be more amusing to contemplate but it doesn't really seem to change anything in terms of the legal reasoning.
@_date: 2014-11-11 17:25:46
Counterpoint: has already had tipping for some time, and it's not like people haven't noticed yet. You don't seem to think the content has yet improved; when are you expecting this to happen? 
I guess there are a lot more posts about how great tipping is, if that counts as improvement. A cynic might conclude that tipping has encouraged people to troll for tips by persuading more people to tip and flattering the opinions of tippers.
@_date: 2013-08-01 17:50:34
Carl Sagan said it best:

