@_author: whineylobster
@_date: 2014-02-14 20:14:25
EDIT: Just realized that reddit reformatted my numbering scheme... I skipped some and it started at 1 again when I meant 9.  Im too lazy to go through and figure out which  I was addressing... 
1. no intrinsic value; the dollar has no intrinsic value
2. no different than bankers; to an extent maybe but banks certainly are able to profit much greater from fiat dollar than btc...in btc the transaction costs are lower and spread over a shared network.
3.... at least for now this is kinda accurate. I mean what else has had 3000% gains in a single year then successive 50% value losses in under 48 hours several times afterward.  today included.  But this can be avoided by simply thinking of bitcoin as a commodity rather than a currency.  A very volatile risky (but maybe high reward if you were in in 10-11) investment.
4. not sure what the point is here.... production costs are higher with gold/silver.... thus, alot of your value is lost to that.  btc has very little (relatively) production costs.
5. not anonymous; yes....given enough information about your wallet and transactions you could theoretically figure out who someone is.... But in reality its safe to assume its anonymous enough.
6.  You should technically be paying taxes on your btc anyways... of course most people dont but that will prob change if it gets big enough.
7. Again... nothing to say here.  Bitcoin and mining and silk road 2 (!) are all perfect examples that it certainly does attract con artists.... but so did the internet when it first came out.
some of these are kinda easy to figure out on your own so ill skip some.  Most of them are just explaining that silver is less volatile than btc...no big surprise there.
13.  CIA... ya.
14. Difficulty in mining;  wait.... wasnt the difficulty in mining a good thing for silver/gold a couple minutes ago?
17.  Taxes on income... you have to pay taxes on capital gains/income.  Sorry if this is news to you.
18.  Less energy than silver; again, what about all that work mining it?  Oh ya, and the fact that it weighs 1,000,000,000+1 X as much as a bitcoin so there's energy needed there that btc does not.  Those costs are on the holder of silver while the costs of mining bitcoins are only on the miners.
19.  Bitcoin is risky.... its probably the most volatile commodity I have ever seen.  Especially given our information age and the ability to "scare" an entire market into mass selloffs.
20.  Wow....alot here.  I bet this guy's favorite film is "Zeitgeist"
21.  Greater fool... there are always losers in a market that will buy when the price is highest... You want those people...they are paying your bills.
22.  Both bitcoin and litecoin can and have both been called pyramid/ponzi schemes.  You decide for yourself.  Your view will prob depend on whether you make any money...
24.  Lol, unfortunately there are plenty of people on this reddit who have put their entire wealth in bitcoin.  I wouldnt suggest it.... but its false that he says no one does. :)
25. Bitcoins do risk being lost...but I would say not that much greater (and most likely less than) any physical non-traceable commodity...like you know...silver.
26. This is true... if things ever started to go to the shitter...you would definitely want to have assets other than bitcoins.
@_date: 2014-02-19 08:27:47
I think you are missing the point... The video was considering investing in bitcoin vs silver not just "using" bitcoin.  You wouldnt want to just cash in any bitcoins you are paid.... you want to keep them to try to get a gain.
@_date: 2014-02-18 00:58:03
Depends on the exchange rate :)
@_date: 2014-02-14 19:38:40
Lots of people had the same plan with beanie babies... prob will turn out the same way.
@_date: 2014-02-18 01:04:36
How would using bitpay alleviate the volatility of bitcoin?  By using a third party to exchange bitcoins you are actually INCREASING the issues for yourself arising from volatility.
Lets say I pay $10 for a pizza... the pizza company can use that $10 a year later and be sure its going to be worth nearly the same.  However, lets say I buy a pizza using $10 worth of bitcoins (on that day) .... when you cash out the bitcoins for dollars, there is no guarantee that it will be worth the same value (hence, volatile) a year later (or even a day later for bitcoin).  When you finally get paid out by bitpay, not including fees or anything, you might only get like $7 (or it could be like $100! lol)... the change of value in a short amount of time is what  is pointing at.
@_date: 2014-02-18 00:57:42
Why not?  Its exactly the same thing.  Their increased perceived value was only that because people demanded them so high.  If there comes a day when bitcoin is not demanded as much or used as much its value will fall back just like beanie babies.