@_author: whippedkaitlynn95
@_date: 2013-11-08 23:23:51
Well thanks! I'm sure I'm one of the more hardcore female bitcoiners, but there are definitely others! Most of the other female bitcoiners I know are using it as a currency speculation/investment tool, while I'm more interested in the tech aspect of it. My mom even owns a few bitcoins, but she's mostly interested in the get-rich-quick aspect of it. From looking at all the people I've met who use bitcoin, the only ones who are actually making a really solid amount of money are the ones with the mining rigs! 
I'm probably one of the less common women in the bitcoin community, since I run a mining rig and build computers for fun, which isn't as common among women as it is among men. I know that there are other women in the bitcoin community, but many are in it because it's an interesting technology to invest in, while I'm in it because it's an interesting technology to use and learn about! 
I have met (online, not in person) other women who run bitcoin mining rigs and who are really passionate about it as more than an interesting get-rich-quick investment vehicle, but they're few and far between. But we exist! 
@_date: 2013-11-09 00:22:45
Ha! Yep, I exist! 
I've been really interested in why women aren't as interested in tech as men. It's weird, because women are usually totally capable of working with technology; of all the teenage girls you know, how many own a smartphone and use it all the time? I'd assume it's nearly all of them. Just from looking at who uses this instantaneous in-the-palm-of-your-hand technology, one would assume that *men* would be in the minority in the tech industry, simply because I don't see as many men with their noses pointed at their smartphones all day long. I think what keeps women out of tech is the stigma. I've asked female friends of mine why they aren't interested in STEM (science, technology, engineering and mathematics) fields, and they tend to give a few similar answers, all related to the fact that there's a very strong "nerdy man" association with those fields. Everyone's seen or heard of a male engineer/programmer/scientist/mathematician/nerd/etc, and he's always kinda weird, but female ones are already rare, so they become rarer. 
Even looking at the TV show The Big Bang Theory, the smart STEM people are all nerdy men who probably don't shower as much as they should, and the women know almost nothing about technology (eventually the writers threw in an unattractive female neuroscientist so they wouldn't look like they were catering to stereotypes too much). I'm sure TBBT has kept at least a few capable teen girls from going to engineering schools. 
So you're right that there's something about women and tech that just doesn't mix, and I don't know what it is either since I've been fascinated by technology since I got my fingers stuck in my dad's 5-disc CD player (that thing was the *so cool* when I was two, but my dad had to use a wrench to peel the tray open). But I think it's the stigma that says "STEM is for greasy men who don't shower enough and have an unhealthy addiction to Star Trek and Star Wars, and English and Psych degrees are for women". 
I have dozens upon dozens of male classmates who shower twice a day and have no interest in Star Trek and Star Wars, but the stigma still seems to ring true for teenage girls. It sucks to only have a few female friends at an engineering school, but I finally get to hang out with people with some similar interests (like bitcoin!), which is pretty cool. 
@_date: 2013-11-08 21:22:20
I'm female. I turned 18 last month. I've commented once or twice in and I've been subscribed for a while. I'm a college freshman studying computer science. I read about Bitcoin back in January-ish of 2011 and started mining on an awesome i7 CPU on a computer that I had just finished building. I mined the shit out of that little thing and joined mt gox. I rode the ups and downs of the market pretty well and ended up with enough money from mining and investing well to buy a decent GPU, which I used to mine even more. I've now made a constantly-changing mining rig that's been comprised (at different times) of 11 different GPUs, and is now three of those BFL 5GH/s things, and one of the 50GH/s boxes as well. Today I'm running a mining rig with a total hashing power a little over 80GH/s, and the savings from my mining has been able to pay for about 75% of my college tuition (I still live at home and commute to school, so I don't have to pay for room and board, and I get to keep an eye on my mining rig and restart it when something crashes). 
I'm planning on become a software engineer, or something similar, possibly a sysadmin. I have no interest in working in anything that doesn't involve tech. So it looks like most of your stats are right, except there *are* women here (I'm sure the bitcoin community is predominantly male, but there are definitely some women here), and I'm only 18 (so a bit younger than your common range) and not yet fully college-educated (since I've only had about three months of college, but I certainly plan to graduate). 
I've also gotten a few friends--about 40% male and 60% female--interested in bitcoin. None are running a mining rig, but a few have purchased bitcoins from me to hold on to as an investment, and those with android phones will often pay me back in bitcoins (or have me pay them back in bitcoins) when one owes the other money. The biggest investment any of my friends have ever made was one female friend of mine who bought $200 of bitcoins from me when the price was about $100! So the bitcoin userbase is definitely not 100% male. It's certainly not 50-50, but there definitely are some women here! 
@_date: 2013-11-10 04:43:37
That's all true. I know that these stereotypes are just part of what keep women out of STEM majors, but they're not the entire reason, and I don't know what is. 
It seems weird that women are mainly affected and men almost completely aren't, so there must be something else at play, but I dunno what it is. I know that a lot of teenage girls stay away from STEM because of those stereotypes, but there's probably some other reason included. But that's moving into some deep sociological stuff that I'm not qualified to start making assumptions about! 
I know that stereotypes are at least a big reason that keep teenage girls from going into STEM majors, but I don't know why those stereotypes don't stop teenage guys. It's confusing. Hopefully some Smart People will figure it out and fix it someday. In the meantime, I'm having a good time at college whether or not I get to see other ladies or not! I've found people with similar interests and hobbies even though I thought I'd never see them here and I've made a buttload of friends, and that's all that really matters! 
@_date: 2013-12-14 16:08:20
How is this ignorant? I love Apple's products, but I can't send or receive bitcoins with native apps on it. They keep removing all the native Bitcoin apps. I'll never have to worry about Google removing a Bitcoin wallet app from the Play Store. 
What's the longest that a Bitcoin app has been in Apple's App Store? 
@_date: 2013-11-08 23:09:11
As a woman who's owned one for about a month, I can confirm that the Pebble is awesome. Any guy that I've seen wearing one was bound to get my attention (until I got my own)! 
If you have an Android phone, I'd suggest downloading Glance for Pebble. It's an awesome watchface that lets you see how many texts and missed calls and Gmails you have waiting, and displays the weather on the screen. Music Boss is another awesome watchapp as well. 
Seriously, any guy who thinks this thing will scare away women is dead wrong! 
@_date: 2013-12-14 16:42:53


You kinda walked right into that one. Obviously I know that there's no way to transfer bitcoins from a ticker app. I asked you for a Bitcoin wallet app and you showed me a Bitcoin ticker app. 
Read more carefully. Can you show me a wallet app that's been around for more than a few months? Coinjar has only been around since mid-October. 
Plus, Coinjar isn't open-source, so it's probably just there to steal all of its users' bitcoins. Bonus points if you can show me an open-source Bitcoin wallet app in the app store. 
@_date: 2013-11-09 03:53:40
Not sure where the no showering thing came from, but I know for a fact that I've heard it. I almost never see male STEM majors who don't shower enough, but I've heard the stereotype from teenage girls who I've asked about this stuff. So I dunno where that stereotype started. Maybe The Big Bang Theory encouraged it? 
It really shouldn't matter what people look like, but... it does. And it shouldn't matter what they do in their spare time, but... it does. When I ask other teenage girls why they've decided to avoid STEM, their replies are just "oh, that's for weird antisocial guys who spend all their free time playing Dungeons and Dragons". I realize that doesn't make much sense since playing D&amp;D is a form of socialization, but I've heard that exact quote before. 
It's a lot more comforting to go into a major with people who you think will be similar to you. It seems weird going into college thinking that *nobody* will have the same hobbies as you, but that's basically what I did. I'm still pretty girly, so I figured that I wouldn't meet many girls at college and wouldn't have anyone to share hobbies with. A lot of people think go into college with the "I won't make any friends" attitude, but women in STEM have these stereotypes drilled into their head from a very young age, which I think scares a lot of them away from STEM (and which made me think I'd spend four years at college without any friends). 
But it turned out that I ended up making lots of friends really fast! D&amp;D is kinda fun. A lot of girls--including me for a long time--think that they can't be friends with people with different hobbies, and think that a mostly-male engineering school won't have anyone to talk to since none of the guys will let me braid their hair (although a few of them have!) or put on makeup together. But I'm glad that I met a lot of fun people at college with different hobbies. I never thought I'd ever play a game of Dungeons and Dragons, let alone spend a whole night in a room of about 10 guys playing it from sunset to sunrise! I wouldn't be a dungeon master, but it's really fun when you're relaxing with a beer or two in a dorm basement and making some good friends. But a lot of teenage girls assume that D&amp;D (and STEM in general), is something that only nerdy men can appreciate. I don't love the game itself, but it's a fun way to socialize with other fun people in the same major as me. 
But when you're still in high school and you don't hang out with anyone whose hobbies don't perfectly align with your own, it's hard to imagine hanging out with someone who doesn't do the same stuff as you in their spare time. Before college, I never would've expected to even speak to anyone who had ever played D&amp;D before. But I was *totally* wrong. After college, I don't think I'll ever play D&amp;D again, but it was an awesome experience that everyone should have once. 
TL;DR: the world is both suckful and awesome at the same time. The stuff that people do in their spare time shouldn't matter, but when I was in high school and I had never played D&amp;D before, I thought that it did. Can now confirm that I was wrong and that D&amp;D can be fun. Also I need to stop typing so much. 
@_date: 2013-12-14 16:30:15


Then maybe they should *change their rules*. 




I just installed that app on my iPod. Can you tell me how I can use it to send and receive bitcoins? If there's no way to do that, then yeah, I'd say they're still pretty obviously anti-Bitcoin. 
Android has ticker apps too. Lots of them. I can even have widgets worth the current price right on my home screen. But it also has wallet apps. More importantly, it has wallet apps that won't get deleted from the Play Store, so I'll never have to worry about not getting updates, or having to learn a new app interface. iOS will never have that until Apple catches up to 2013. 
I never met Steve Jobs personally, but I'd bet you every Bitcoin I have that he'd lose his mind from excitement with Bitcoin if he were alive today. Apple's gone to shit since that man passed away. 
@_date: 2013-10-28 02:19:43
"As a developer who has built businesses that have cost $100,000's and made millions"
Seems legit... &amp;
@_date: 2013-11-08 23:22:01
As a woman, I can confirm that seeing a guy with an awesome $150 watch connected to his phone is not going to keep him from getting laid. I've seen a few different guys wearing a Pebble, and it always got me more interested in them that I would be otherwise. It's an awesome icebreaking conversation starter for a woman approaching a man wearing one (of course, now I'm wearing one and other people approach *me* asking about it!). 
Unless you're saying that because OP's Pebble is that shitty orange-ish color. Nobody gets laid wearing an orange watch, no matter how cool the watch is. 
@_date: 2013-12-14 15:56:03
How is that point bullshit? If Apple had a policy that made them remove any Islam-related apps, it would be fair to call them anti-Islam. By that logic, if they have a policy that bans Bitcoin apps, then they're anti-Bitcoin. 
Regardless, there's one platform they can be used to spend bitcoins and there's one that can't. If being able to manage your bitcoins from your phone is important, then the platform that can do that is simply superior. It doesn't matter *why* Apple bans bitcoins. I don't give a shit about why they do it. I just want to spend my Bitcoins on my phone without anyone stopping me. That's why I switched to Android after owning three iPhones and about six other Apple products. Now I can do what I want with my bitcoins. 
Nobody cares what their rules are. Rules can be changed. Until they let me use my phone to do what I want, they're going to start losing my business. I'm not boycotting them because of some principle. I just don't want their inferior products until they can make them better. 