@_author: whistlepig55
@_date: 2017-11-13 04:13:57
Anybody can contribute.  There are plenty of people with their own rigs and a lot lot more taking part in a pool.  There is plenty to criticize about how many of those pools operated, but that is a different discussion.
@_date: 2017-11-13 04:03:33
The argument is that it was a store of value back when it was a quality tool for transactions to base that value on.  Now that it isn't a quality tool for transactions any longer (due to big fees) and hasn't been for far too long.... well ... that is where the criticisms and doubts are coming from since the appearances are that there is no real interest in fixing that since it has been a problem for so long.  The conspiracy theorist types are saying that core has been co-opted by the fed/cia/etc in order to kill the thing.  And since the whole purpose of bitcoin is to destroy the world banks and federal reserve system it would be retarded to suggest that those parties aren't making efforts to do that.  The big question is who has been co-opted?  Core?  Cash?  both?
Very hard to say right now.  But, to be fair...  the whole censorship thing is extremely incriminating.  It is hopelessly naive to think that a group that has liberty as its main goal would use such a tactic.  But that doesn't mean cash is innocent either.  This could very easily be about 2 or more world parties duking it out with their favorite crypto currencies in the hope to win with the most popular crypto currency with which to rule the world with.  Pinky, the brain and all.  This shit is main stream now..  and these stakes are way higher than anyone else here is talking about.
@_date: 2017-11-13 03:36:33
That sounds like some pretty good dirt.  Can you point us to some references on this guy Calvin?  As in why he is playing with Craig and Roger?  Are you saying that he is just throwing more money at the current attack we are seeing now as a gamble for his own financial goals?  I mean...  like it or not, Roger, Craig and Jihan have been clear about their goals to defeat core.  There are plenty of people gambling on that.  And power to them if it works to their advantage.  Same goes to those gambling on core.
Publicly, both sides make good arguments. What I want to know is verifiable information that can convince me one way or the other.  So I will be very grateful for you to provide it. I mean... I wish I didn't have to say this..  but it does need to be a lot more than vague incrimination in order to offset the censorship thing.  Thanks for your help in getting true information out!