@_author: whiskeyweedandwarren
@_date: 2017-05-09 22:54:11
To my knowledge no one except Taiwan locals can withdraw fiat from Bitfinex currently. The initial run up in Bitcoin price started when Bitfinex announced this. While no one could withdraw fiat, bitcoin withdrawals are unaffected. This leads to people who were holding fiat on Bitfinex converting to bitcoin to withdraw their money. That's why Bitfinex has been around ~$100 premium over other exchanges, although this gap seems to be narrowing. 
So long term holders/traders/whoever uses Bitfinex are now overbought in bitcoin. When the time comes that Bitfinex allows fiat withdrawals again, since their price is at a premium, it will be a "run on the bank" essentially, with everyone jockeying to be the first to sell and get the premium price. That will lead to a massive drop on Bitfinex, and as we saw during the run-up other exchanges will quickly follow suit as no one wants to be left holding the bag when a bubble pops. 
I could be completely wrong - I'm not as plugged into Bitcoin as I used to be. But I was around during the Mt. Gox fiasco. There has never been a run up this big in this time frame in the history of Bitcoin. Something is going to give. The only question is when and where. 
Also I just want to say that I use Bitfinex, and do not believe this is their fault in any way. They're having issues with the legacy banking system, which is to be anticipated for any Bitcoin related company as Bitcoin gets larger. I feel that Bitfinex is fully solvent, but unable to find a bank to process fiat wire transfers. 
@_date: 2017-05-05 18:00:29
To take that one step further, it seems from reading about your situation that when the coins were stolen, blockchain.info was left logged in on a computer that was not normally used for this purpose? Who left blockchain.info logged in? I'd look at them first, because without that singular "mistake" happening none of this would have been possible. 
If that person is still around, I'd watch their finances very closely in the future. 
@_date: 2017-05-09 18:07:59
I can't believe this is the only mention of Bitfinex in this thread. This seems so obvious to me, but no one is talking about it. 
@_date: 2017-05-10 01:46:23
No, not at all. There are competing viewpoints that have validity. 
The altcoin bubble has been very strong recently, and naturally you have to buy bitcoin to get into alts, and also buy back into bitcoin when a particular altcoin pops. 
Japan made Bitcoin a legal currency at the beginning of April, so that could be contributing to the momentum.
Also the SEC is set to make another ruling on a Bitcoin ETF by May 15th. 
This is all potentially great news for Bitcoin, but to me I don't see the above leading to the massive run-up that we're in the middle of. 
@_date: 2017-05-11 20:35:57
Absolutely, no need to ask.
@_date: 2017-05-10 14:25:22
If you look strictly at percentage gains then yes, you are correct. If you're looking at the market cap increase and the amount of money being added into the system, then no, we have never seen anything of this magnitude. 
November 2013 we had ~12,000,000 bitcoins in the system. A rise from ~$200 to ~$1160 is an increase of market cap by about $11.5B.
Compare that to today. We have ~16,300,000 bitcoins in circulation. A rise from ~$1000 to ~$1800 is only an ~80% increase in the price. However it's a $13B increase in market cap.
When bitcoin was worth a fraction of a penny and then jumped to $1-2 that was a larger percentage gain than all the other rallies we've had. But no one was dancing in the street, because ultimately there was not much fiat being added to the Bitcoin system. Most people still believed at that point Bitcoin was a novelty and nothing more. Percentage gains really don't matter much other than bragging rights. 
@_date: 2017-07-27 05:54:44
Banks do close accounts that are associated with Bitcoin. Different banks have different policies. A business I was associated with had a Bank of America account closed (and investigated for fraud - not because there was evidence of fraud, but because it was associated with Bitcoin) and I can now no longer open an account of any type with Bank of America. It's best to be upfront with the bank when you open the account, and avoid problems later down the road. 


No, most businesses don't have to worry about this. Most businesses that accept Bitcoin use a payment processor, and do not handle the bitcoins themselves. This is like Paypal - businesses can use paypal to accept credit cards without ever having to handle credit card numbers.


Any type of Money Services Business (MSB) will be at a higher risk and have a higher level of scrutiny.


Not in my experience. Banks are required to report any transaction of $10k or more, but this is standard across all industries.


It's impossible to know for sure without seeing a company's financials, however with the historical volatility almost every business I've talked to that accepts Bitcoin instantly converts to fiat via their payment processor. Overstock.com is one notable exception. They were one of the first big companies to accept Bitcoin, and I remember reading that they were holding a percentage of their Bitcoin sales without converting them to USD. I suspect it has worked out really well for them.