@_author: whistleridge
@_date: 2017-12-13 12:38:08
1500% in 30-40 years, primarily because of massive investments to infrastructure: unsustainable, but not without value.
1500% in a little over a month, primarily because of speculation by amateurs: a massive bubble waiting to burst, probably being set up by experts looking to short the little guy. 
@_date: 2018-05-04 03:33:03
BitCoin is a currency, not an investment platform. and all treating it like one does is show that it’s stable enough yet to be either. 
@_date: 2019-06-23 15:24:37
Hint: it’s an unregulated market, with assets jumping hundreds of percent in value, for no associated reason. 
This is market manipulation. 
People need to stop confusing ‘bitcoin will generally be more useful/valuable over time’ with ‘bitcoin is an investment vehicle’. It’s not. It’s a currency.
@_date: 2019-06-23 17:23:37
That's not a reason, that's a justification. Subtle but real difference.
* Reason: multiple governments have agreed to accept tax payments in BTC
* Justification: Facebook is talking about making its own coin
People on here talking about BTC's value aren't looking at it as the potential currency of the future, they're looking at it as a get-rich-quick scheme in the here and now. BTC is not an asset; it has no inherent value. Therefore, they're treating it as an investment vehicle. 
But as an investment vehicle, it's a terrible idea. It masquerades as a high-risk high-reward investment, but it's really just an unregulated mechanism for sophisticated players to repeatedly fleece the greedy and gullible. Study the history of the stock market in the late 19th century, and you see the exact same patterns. 
BTC is the new version of buying the Brooklyn Bridge. 
Need more proof? Look no further than the blurb in the sidebar:


This post is literally about how it is undergoing wild swings in value. It's not quite inflation in the classical sense, but in any meaningful sense, that's exactly what's happening. 
Note: this is not saying it *can't* be better. It's saying it's *not right now*.
@_date: 2019-08-23 15:30:59
So some counterpoints:
First, this:


is some serious [citation needed] bullshit. And good luck on finding that citation. 
Second, the concern isn’t that it facilitates the sale of recreational quantities of drugs to end users, it’s that it greatly simplifies narco-trafficking on an industrial scale by eliminating the need for money laundering. That’s not a trivial concern. 
Third, it also makes things like kiddie porn, human trafficking, and similar crimes far easier. 
Fourth, all of the justifications are unnecessary. It’s a currency. A liquid reservoir of value. That’s how they work. All using bad logic and unsourced claims and skating past the substantive problems does is weaken your position.
@_date: 2019-06-23 18:19:44
1. Inherent value IS a thing, in the sense that you can rely on it to trade within a pretty narrow range over time
2. It's set by the market
3. No currency that swung as much as BTC does would ever be listed
Consider the [most volatile currency pairs in 2019]( against BTC. It's 300% more volatile than the most exotic and unstable currencies out there.
If you're treating it as an investment, you're going to get fleeced by unregulated market manipulators.
If you're treating it as a currency, unless you are already *very very expert*, you're going to get creamed by volatility.
It simply isn't a market that the average Joe can hope to get ahead in, save by pure blind luck. As demonstrates daily, it's essentially a gambler's fallacy writ large.
@_date: 2019-06-23 18:43:44
That’s why I qualified it. 
In and of itself, no: a dollar bill has no value. It’s just a piece of paper. 
But it’s also incorrect to say that it only has whatever value the US government says it does. The whole world relies on the dollar, oil is priced in dollars, T-Bills are the financial safety pick of choice etc. precisely *because* it has more value than just the US government’s word alone. It has 80 years of a bedrock currency, with all sorts of infrastructure tied to it. 
BTC isn’t replacing that anytime soon. Even in the best of worlds, where it replaces the dollar as the international medium of choice, it still has no history of safety, and that is something by definition cannot be created quickly. In fact, at the moment it has the exact opposite. 
So: while the dollar has no inherent value...it also has enormous inertia, that is not valueless, even if it isn’t priced by the market per se.
@_date: 2019-06-24 01:06:32
False. 
Its value *should* come from those things, *but currently it does not.* Unless you are involved in illegal activity, the marginal value of security etc in BTC is heavily offset by the relatively small number of legal venues that accept it, the wild swings in price, and the heavy multiplication of competitor currencies. 
You’re stating the ideal as though it has arrived, and not only has it not arrived, it’s anyone’s guess as to which blockchain currency all that will finally emerge around once it *does* arrive.
@_date: 2018-02-02 16:44:47
That the autocorrect on my phone keeps changing it to BitCoin instead of Bitcoin - or if it spelled it B1tB0ye - has no bearing on the underlying validity of the claim. That's a snob appeal fallacy, which is a variation of the ad hominem - attacking the speaker, not the message.
Which makes me wonder in turn about *your* impartiality. 
@_date: 2018-02-02 15:20:42
1.	Unregulated markets are inevitably manipulated. BitCoin is entirely unregulated. So comparing its behavior to the behavior of regulated markets is risky at best and probably specious. 
2.	Of your 7 listed busts, 4 were because of hacks and/or resulted in bans. 
3.	A glance at the long term growth of BitCoin suggests this isn’t a bust, it’s a predictable - perhaps even planned - reversion to the mean. Using that, one would expect it to bottom out between $5000-$6000. 
BitCoin has no inherent value. If you’re not using it for illicit activity, you’re just holding it until one day in some prospective future when you can trade it back for ‘real’ currency. That is, people aren’t trying to get rich in crypto, they’re trying to get rich in dollars. 
Right now, all the history of BitCoin demonstrates is that it is an efficient tool for the unethical but technically savvy for taking money from the greedy but technically unsavvy. 
@_date: 2018-04-15 17:23:37
Again, you're missing my point. Stop being in such a rush to divulge your knowledge about aspects of monetary theory that we both clearly already understand, and focus on what I'm saying.
1. Yes..bitcoin has a wide range of potential uses
2. No, currency isn't the only one
3. Yes, holding it *can* have value
*But that isn't what's happening*. What's happening is, a big rush of small-time investors are treating it like a one-trick pony, and are handicapping both the broader utility and broader adoption in the process. Frankly, Bitcoin posts these days are nearly as uninformed and toxic as essential oil or anti-vaxx posts...and they're often being promulgated by the same people. The people on my Facebook that are hot on Bitcoin are the same people who comment on politics via Minions memes, and who post '1 like = 1 prayer' shit entirely without irony. This sub hasn't sunk to those levels, but it's also not exactly a wellspring of balanced thought and enlighted commentary either. 
All your links shows is how the 'fuck you, Imma get mine' attitude has taken over Bitcoin...as an investment. People want to get rich, not establish a new revolutionary means of paying for things. And until they do the second, they're just going to continue to get fleeced by people with the money to manipulate values at will. Because while all crypto is still subject to the same market forces that any other currency is subject to, it has none of the regulatory protections that traditional markets have. It's a pure recreation of 19th century markets, routine bubbles and all.
@_date: 2018-04-15 05:10:36


As it's currently used, no. But that's where its real conceptual value is. Using it as a 'new gold' offers all of the risks of an unregulated stock market, and none of the security of actual gold. It's wildly unstable in value, the only consist benefit comes from mining, and ultimately it returns far more risk than benefit.
@_date: 2018-04-12 00:47:26
It’s not even going out on a limb. The laws of physics limit the distances that exchange could have occurred across, at the speed it did...
@_date: 2018-04-14 16:37:58
Guys. It’s a currency, not a stock. Downvote me to hell all you want, but...so long as you buy and HODL it like a stock instead of using it like money, all you’re doing is participating in an unregulated and easily manipulated market where those with real money, knowledge, and lack of ethics prey on small-timers who are buying in to a get-rich-quick scheme. 
And if you’re on this sub, constantly posting HODL memes...you’re a small-timer. 
Don’t HODL. It’s not a stock or a bond. It’s money. Use it like money. You don’t HODL $5 bills, waiting for the day they’ll be worth $20. But that’s what you’re doing with crypto, and it’s fundamentally infeasible. 
@_date: 2018-04-15 05:15:31
I have a very specific view of what money is: all three of those things. Bitcoin isn't used as two of those - it's a store of value only. Hence my comment. It's being used as an investment vehicle, and an inherently risky and unregulated one at that. 
Trying to resell it as 'digital gold' only proves my point. We don't use gold as money. We use it as a relatively stable hedge against investment market volatilities. But Bitcoin and other crypto aren't remotely stable enough to serve as a hedge, so they instead act as a primary investment. And a very stupid and risky one. 
There's safety and profit in mining, but that's it. Right now, Bitcoin is primarily a tool for parting gullible small time investors who think they know what they're doing from their money, via a sort of gambler's fallacy writ large.
@_date: 2017-05-29 12:16:33
For you, maybe. For Susie Q. I-Just-Want-A-Reasonable-Price-For-Diapers...not so much. And that's the issue: bitcoin absolutely has a place, but that place isn't as a lynchpin of the consumer economy, and won't be anytime soon. 
If you want to promote it as a currency of use, that's a reality that has to be acknowledged and intelligently addressed. 
For example, the three most significant purchases in a person's life are education (student loans), a home (mortgage), and automobiles. All three involve tens to hundreds of thousands in debt, which is money that doesn't exist prior to the loan being signed. Since bitcoin is effectively a more technological commodity, it's unlikely to ever be used for those in its current practice. So without that penetration...how can it become the major currency its users want it to be?
Understanding how it is used from a technical perspective is important, but so is understanding how money works in general, and what it can and can't do. 
@_date: 2018-04-12 01:13:48
No. I broke the fourth wall. 
@_date: 2017-05-29 12:40:17
Again: you're speaking for you. I'm speaking for the statistically identifiable mass of consumers, who are an observable phenomenon. It's not about whether they *should* buy at Amazon vs Wal-Mart vs Overstock, it's which do they *actually* buy at. 
Cars may not be important to you. Great. I don't own one either. I live in a city where parking is $300/month, everything is in walking distance, and public transport is superb. Move to Atlanta, or Houston, or Phoenix, or most of flyover country and see how fast you buy one. And unless you're uncommonly wealthy...buy with a loan. Those people buying cars with bitcoin are paying outright, not taking out loans in bitcoin. 
You're making my case for me. Your response isn't a realistic appraisal of the role of bitcoin in the broader economic context, it's a mix of anecdote and idealism, that focuses on ought, not observable data. It will never grow if you continue to do that. 
@_date: 2017-05-28 14:29:03
The problem with this paper is, it is primarily intended as a functional explanation of a technical proposal, i.e. to make a bitcoin system, not an in-depth discussion of a economic model. 
It makes a couple of assumptions at the beginning (trust-based models are inherently weak, a cryptographic model is fundamentally more secure) then dives right in. While those assumptions aren't incorrect, they're also not precise. If a trust based model is 99.9999% secure, and bitcoin is 99.99999999999% secure, that's a small but substantive difference. There are real situations where that difference will matter. But if the security needs of 99.99999999% of users is 98%, it's meaningless. 
The point being: understanding bitcoin from a technical perspective is important, but so is understanding it in an economics context. Don't just read this paper and think 'oh wow, Bitcoin is totally the future' and rush out and needlessly sink all your money into it. Understand what it's good for (some online transactions), bad for (you won't be buying groceries with it soon), and useable-but-no-real-advantage for (if you're buying $95 worth of stuff on Amazon, it will take you longer to use a workaround than your time is worth; you won't increase security, you'll just lose time). 
@_date: 2017-05-29 14:01:02
I didn't say *I* bought books off Amazon. Reading comprehension is key. I described a extremely common form of purchasing activity for which bitcoin is currently unsuited. And even if Amazon made the switch to accept it, that still wouldn't address the underlying issue that using bitcoin requires extra steps for no real increase in security. 
If you want to do certain types of grey area payments, bitcoin is superb: it's secure, it's quick, it's reliable, it anonymous. If you want to do the bulk of mainstream purchases, it's a little like putting five padlocks on your front door - sure, it gets the job done, but...why? 
If you're trying to mainstream bitcoin - which is what your post seemed aimed at - you need to address that as well, not just the technical side of how it works. Ultimately, users don't need to know how it works, only that it does. 