@_author: white1rc
@_date: 2014-03-04 16:24:34
Haha no no that's good, means it's intuitive like The Hangover. Nothing wrong with that. Personally, I think he's fascinating. However, the other movie that's out focused on him a bit, but the movie is pretty cheap and dry looking- and serious. I want to make something fun and much more commercial. I think this would be an introduction to bitcoin in an enjoyable way. Not so much a spoonful of sugar helps the medicine go down, but having fun with a new, revolutionary technology in some quirky 1:30 movie 
@_date: 2014-03-04 16:03:46
I hear you. Yea that's very true, would definitely need to do some due diligence on the competition. However at the same time, when climate change became a hot button issue dozens of docs popped up. The ultimate winner being An Inconvenient Truth. Same with the health industry- there's Forks Over Knives, Food Inc, Weight of the Nation, and many more. My point is, even if one's being made, there's definitely room for more than one doc in any given subject. Not to mention you don't know which movie will be the best. We're still very early to the game and that's what's important.  
Totally agree about kickstarted, that's a start but like I said Kickstarter usually caps around 10k especially for films… I've raised money there before, it's good but not great. 
@_date: 2014-03-04 15:59:04
haha I'd give you credit for that title… except that's the title idea I had! about midway down the 5th paragraph. That's funny. But heck yea man I think that is a really interesting angle myself. Who is this guy??? Glad you're into it. Hope more people join the thread. (I also played around with Bowling Bitcoin haha)
Either way, if this movie ended up being produced it'd be cool to add credits to everyone who helped. Maybe their username? That'd be a first. 
@_date: 2014-03-04 16:33:18
I'm not sure who you're talking about… could you find me a link? I think a doc like this could use a main character, Morgan Spurlock kind of guy. Maybe he'd be a candidate. 
@_date: 2014-03-04 16:15:44
That's really good advice and exactly why I'm here. I literally just had this idea this weekend and first wanted to hear what the community had to say, so thank you. That's the kind of stuff I'm looking for. 
I also really understand that there are other films and so and so already made a movie. Filmmaking is a personal, subjective art form. I'm excited about Bitcoin, so I want to make MY Bitcoin film. Know what I mean? Just like saying I want to paint MY picture of the Eiffel Tower or something. That's one thing I want to communicate as this conversation continues. 
@_date: 2014-03-04 16:20:27
Totally agree about the graphics. A good doc always needs a lot of quality graphics works, again a major budgetary thing… 
Yes, world travel. I think going to the countries that use Bitcoin the most is vital. This is a worldwide phenomenon, as an American we're super late to the game. 
Human element is crucial, you must have a protagonist. No Satoshi wouldn't be it, bc I don't think we'd find him. It'd just be fun to hunt or talk about him a lot. I was actually thinking more in terms of having a Morgan Spurlock or Michael Moore to follow on the journey. I have an actor friend who'd be perfect. I've done docs both ways and right now, I think it'd be best with an on camera personality. Somebody to travel the world with, someone to interview all these interesting characters and dive into the world.
@_date: 2014-03-15 16:10:19
Thanks for writing that letter!
@_date: 2014-03-04 16:11:06
Yeap. 
Looks OK… I was talking about this sort of thing with another person on this thread. Like any subject, there's room for any number of movies. The best one will be successful, not the first one. How many docs about climate change or the health industry or about over-fishing or the internet? That movie will not be the Super Size Me of Bitcoins, sorry to say to the filmmakers. Let's try again. Publicity is what Bitcoin desperately needs, so what's the harm? The average joe has no idea what the heck it is. The movie needs to be way more fun and less dry than that. But I appreciate you letting me know, I was hoping people to post about what's already out there. Thanks 