@_author: white_sharia
@_date: 2018-08-26 17:57:36
\&gt;So, when people say that commodity currencies are backed by something, while paper currencies are backed by nothing, they talk about gold's usefulness in jewelry, et al. Why?
Because gold is the world's biggest bubble asset, aside from its use in jewelry and it's limited use in electronics it has no purpose. Yet apparently it's worth 1.2k in dollars.
@_date: 2018-08-26 11:05:35


That's like saying the value of the dollar is the raw material on which it is printed. It seems completely disingenuous to claim that the dollar is backed by nothing (government force) but gold is good because it's backed by demand from jewelers. The demand for jewlery could fall, a large gold deposit could be discovered, asteroid mining could become viable, an energy revolution could make particle colliders a viable tool for creating base elements. Gold is vulnerable to the same sorts of downward risks as fiat currencies are.
@_date: 2018-08-26 17:55:04


Most bitcoiners take great exception to the fact the government can just print more dollars and see Bitcoin's hard cap as a desirable property. Dollars are backed by government force, you have to pay your taxes in them and brown people die if they don't sell their natural resources for them.


Currencies don't just drop for no reason, in the same way the price of gold could crash to a fraction of what it is today, in which case anything "backed" by gold will also crash, the same applies to any asset backed asset which is an argument against asset backed assets, it leads to a false sense of security.


Governments can influence the rates of inflation through money market activities, legislation on banks and the policy of the BoE/Fed. It doesn't just suddenly and randomly happen, "woah shit we just woke up and everything looks like Zimbabwe"


It has, since Western countries introduced inflation targeting and a low interest rate environment, inflation has been cut to fractions of what it once was.
@_date: 2018-08-26 13:30:35
Gold has collapsed many times too, in fact you could say it has failed given that it no longer works as a medium of exchange anywhere.
@_date: 2018-08-26 10:43:39
So you think that in 7 years the currency of a country which has about 60% of the GDP of the USA and a far inferior R&amp;D base, which has a private sector riddled with debt, to which the state is exposed and which is constantly devaluing its own currency more than the US does hers, will replace the American Dollar for domestic use?
You clearly spent all of your Bitcoins on the Silk Road because you're smoking something awfully funny.
@_date: 2018-08-26 10:57:29
Both Saddam Hussein and al Qaddafi didn't want to sell their oil for dollars, both of them ended up dead.
The petrodollar is the biggest criminal racket the world has ever seen.
@_date: 2018-08-26 18:29:10


I'm talking about a collapse in its value which happened when the Spanish found tonnes of it in Latin America and when Mansa Musa gave it away during his Hajj in Mecca, it obeys the same rules of supply and demand and since it has limited utilitarian use, it's extremely vulnerable to fluctuations in supply.


The existence of gold speculation doesn't mean that gold is used to as money, i.e. a medium of exchange which is exceptionally uncommon.


Sitting in the vaults of central banks doesn't mean it's being used as money and it ignores the fact the ECB holds reserves of, you guessed it, fiat.
