@_author: whitherby
@_date: 2014-04-14 10:01:46
As an anti-capitalist anarchist I support bitcoin because I believe that capitalism and the state are inextricably linked, in fact I think that they are the same institution and that the destruction of the state will inevitably destroy capitalism.   If it weakens the state it can be used against capital.  Of course, I don't think that bitcoin is a real challenge to the state as an institution, but I believe that is a powerful weapon against the modern mega-state which is what most people are talking about when they talk about states.
@_date: 2014-04-25 09:41:01
Yes. This will definitely display the hypocrisy of the government.
  Media Reports: *"The FBI failed again to seize Milton Friedman's erect penis.  Quoting an unnamed agent: 'It's just too big, despite our efforts we just can't seem to get our head around it.'"*
@_date: 2013-11-22 13:49:07
I think you are forgetting the historical option.  Go to war for another countries resources.
@_date: 2013-11-22 14:35:24
Ok, true that the financial portions of the government can't declare war.  And while the fed may not be the u.s government, the economy is an incredibly substantial part of the power that the u.s government wields, and I think it's pretty well known that they wont sit idly by and watch it collapse.
 However I still think that you are forgeting that going to war/being at war is a means to force a populous to go without, while sending many to their deaths and potentially/often conscripting many for industrial purposes.
   Also while industrial resources are centralized in western/powerful (japan, s. korea, china, india) nations, don't forget natural resources, oil, gold, diamonds etc are largely in less powerful nations, middle-east, S.A, africa.
  Not saying any of this will happen, and I am certainly not saying it is a good thing. I'm just pointing out that war has historically been a go to for powerful nations with extremely depressed economies, and has almost always propelled those economies out of that depression if only for a few years.