@_author: whoknewww
@_date: 2015-07-05 02:25:18
Have the same question for you Are you invested in Bitcoin 2.0 startups, Counterparty, Mastercoin? Not that I expect any honesty of you, considering you were outed as a paid shill of HashFast to the tune of $300,000.00. You're basically the new BFL_Josh.
@_date: 2015-07-04 17:34:16
I noticed you support AirBitz a lot. Have you considered running a Libbitcoin server of your own to augment the AirBitz federated network? It also doubles as the OpenBazaar federated network - they're using the same backend.
@_date: 2015-07-05 02:21:53
Putting my Counterparty investor hat on, I want Bitcoin's block size to be as big as possible, OP_RETURN to the max, with short 1 minute blocks. Block confirm times are a major limiting factor in the utility of Counterparty. That, and miner fees are serious hurdles to placing market orders on the chain. IOW, if it costs $100 to place an order on the chain, the order matching engine simply cannot be used. For any onlookers reading it, just realize Blockstream has had a serious beef with everything Bitcoin 2.0 going back at least a year. They are financially threatened by Blockstream.


It's interesting you keep bringing this point up in your posts. What other systems are *you* invested in, sir?
Because you know who benefits from zero fees and megablocks? Bitcoin 2.0. Also, BlockCypher.com, Gem.com, Chain.com, and other full node service providers. For the former, the cheaper and bigger and faster blocks are, the more valuable their platform becomes. If blocks are small, and distanced 10 minutes apart with high fees, they're dead, or at least they need to move to sidechains - which they probably should do regardless.
So you know what would add the most credibility to your words this debate? Just answer me:
**Are you invested in any Bitcoin 2.0 company or full node service company?**
With all due respect, that any one person could feel so personally affronted by Blockstream, and keep accusing them of essentially "shilling" is hard to believe - especially since there's no shortage of Bitcoin 2.0 investments that are severely harmed by small blocks with high fees.
You've been flaming on Blockstream with this "conflict of interest" balony for weeks, and a person just doesn't have time to do that without financial stake in the outcome.
Are you invested in Counterparty, Mastercoin, or any other colored coins startup? Are you invested in Chain.com, Gem.com, or other full node API service? All of these business models could be obsoleted by sidechains and lightning. Bitcoin 2.0 startups in particular need block size to be as large as possible to cram in as much of their arbitrary data packets for as cheaply as possible, and as quickly as possible.
@_date: 2015-07-04 19:08:44
Can't wait for AirBitz and OpenBazaar to get more users. There could be some overlap between AB with its local directory and OB with its decentralized marketplace. And I think one of AirBitz devs created the original DarkMarket prototype. More people running those servers on the backend would really make for a much stronger Bitcoin experience.