@_author: whoneedsfacts
@_date: 2018-02-18 02:32:31
Isn't the whole idea of Bitcoin that it's a "decentralized digital money" that is "issued and managed without any central authority whatsoever". Wouldn't that kinda go against the idea of what you call "decades of regulation"? Also, there are quite enough bitcoin derivatives I think. Ethereum, Ropple, Cardano, Stellar, Litecoin and so on. And you talk about how winning the trust of the public is a trivial step, but it couldn't be further from the truth. 
I'm not going to talk about whether the financial institutions are overpowered or not, but I will say that your goal, which is a stable currency, does indeed require it to be, as you said, "stable, low-volatile". This, however, goes against the wishes of, I would say, the vast majority of CC holders since they don't want stability, they want a currency that skyrockets and makes them millionaires when they sell it at just the right time. 
Sure, maybe a lot of the early backers were keen on your idea, but Bitcoin is de facto never going to be a currency since those involved don't want it to be, and likely never will.
@_date: 2018-02-18 02:15:35
To be honest, I stepped away from reddit for an hour and was surprised to actually have a positive karma score. I was sure that it would be knocked to the bottom of the thread. Nice to see that a lot of people here still are in touch with reality, despite the circlejerking it's known for.
@_date: 2018-02-18 02:08:17
I barely even bothered to make a comment about it since cryptocurrencies aren't something I spend a great deal of time worrying about, but I can see how it is something that is quite important to you. Still, you shouldn't be so dismissive when someone disagrees with you, and remember that it's never too late to distance yourself from the CCs.
@_date: 2018-02-18 11:19:21
Maybe, but they won't buy their new house, car, clothes, food and so on with bitcoins. They will transfer it into dollars where it's safe and usable.
@_date: 2018-02-18 01:06:41
Why would financial institutions be afraid of a highly volatile financial curiosity? Even if it were to rise to $50k it wouldn't prove anything, except for giving further proof that it is unsuitable as a currency.
@_date: 2017-07-09 01:02:25
Special interest groups involved in zinc, at least that's for the pennies, which I'm pretty sure is the only U.S. coin produced at a loss. 
There were also special interest groups involved in the Weimar hyperinflation. In addition to some extreme anti-german politicans from, for instance, France, there were also the german government itself. It caused an economic collapse so it didn't need to pay their debts, in addition to funding anti-french and anti-british groups in the Ruhr. 