@_author: whoop-n
@_date: 2018-09-21 14:11:17
You have my BOOMSTICK!
@_date: 2019-11-03 18:20:12
I only agree with part of your statement. Incompetence is certainly part of it but not all of it, systems are increasingly complex. It’s software engineers that cause more outages than IT. 
While that should be the case for outages it just isn’t. Ironically the thing we are most typically afraid of (AI) in everyday life is what could help with this issue while also being part of its own problem. So we’ll always have IT outages.  The reasons will be different every time. Sometimes new Cisco IOS updates cause the issue, sometimes it’s new storage array updates, or Vmware patches. Currently more outages are caused as a result of intense security focused patching due to the current security climate. 
Even now though there are ancient systems companies are trying to get off of (mainframes, yep still in use). That move is hard. The capabilities of mainframes are still impressive actually and so modern software might not permit an easy transition. Then there are companies that try to make this simple but charge insane licensing fees. 
There’s also a move off of Microsoft and Oracle due to absurd licensing costs (Oracle SOA literally costs $57,500 PER CORE). Microsoft is trying to usher folks to Azure by making licensing essentially free on azure and unaffordable in your own environment. These add to complexities which increases the chance for mistakes. 
So IT will never be perfect and even the most competent engineers in the world cannot foresee everything. 
My point is just that outages are more innocent than the media makes them out to be. The fact is the media is idiotic and incompetent on everything IT related and so is your average reddit poster (not saying you are). So let’s try to not freak out unless things become apparent they don’t care (were not there yet).
@_date: 2019-11-03 04:00:04
One must ask if we’re the reserve currency for the world (minus  a few) and we have the biggest military then take into account that the world is debt based and debt invested are we really in a pickle or is this just how it is and it’s just a number. 
Could one argue that a company is in a similar manner indebted to their investors?  If so we don’t say that company is $XX Billion in debt, we say they’re fully funded or VC backed. 
I’m not a money person. So these are musings.
@_date: 2019-11-03 03:54:04
IT outages occur constantly. How is this any different?
As banks and large companies move to a hybrid cloud mistakes will be made as they transition off of ancient systems and mainframes. It’s difficult to do. 
Source: My experience (I’m an IT architect)
@_date: 2019-05-04 14:15:24
Prepare to have that smug face memed hard