@_author: whowantstoknow11
@_date: 2017-12-08 14:59:43
Okay, but with regards to that "effort" you speak of.. My understanding is that the "effort" is deliberately designed into the system. If so, why? Why do we want it to require a lot of computing power to process a transaction? 
I get that we want it to be hard to CREATE new bitcoin.. this ensures that the market is not flooded. But why do we want it to be hard (and thus expensive) to confirm transactions?
@_date: 2017-12-08 14:08:57
As a non-technical person who is new to bitcoin I'm struggling to understand why its seemingly such a challenge to get bitcoin to work effectively for fast small transactions. 
Couldn't it just be designed that 1% of every transaction gets paid to whomever confirms the transaction? Surely that would be enough of an incentive for the network to get all transactions confirmed fast. All this stuff about miners doing computations etc etc doesn't quite make sense to me especially in the context of confirming transactions. If a transaction needs to be confirmed by someone on the network in order to be finalized then simply offer 1% to whoever confirms it.. What am I missing? 
@_date: 2017-12-08 16:45:40
Wouldn't a 1-2% fee prevent spam attacks? At the same time it would entice people to join the network in order to process transactions so you'd always have enough network capacity. I still don't get why does complexity and effort need to get built into the system? 
@_date: 2018-06-27 15:45:55
Exactly my point genius  
@_date: 2018-06-27 13:17:40
Yeah, why doesn't he just buy at the bottom. People are so dumb at investing. 
@_date: 2017-11-28 10:24:35
Predicting the future is extremely difficult and unreliable. 
Many of the worlds smartest fund managers think that bitcoin is a speculative bubble and should not form part of a balanced portfolio. Doesn't matter which side of the fence you sit, but if you one is going to base their opinion on the views of others then it as at least prudent to look at a wider pool of opinion outside of our own echo chamber. 
The fact "the people who understand it the best seem to think its financial dominance is destiny" is a bad reason to believe in Bitcoin in my opinion. The people who know the most about any cutting age technology are usually likely to be the people who are most bullish about the technology because they are the myopic. 
And its hard for an outsider to verify whether that statement is true because those that know the most and are bullish are likely to make the most noise giving the impression that "the people who understand it the best seem to think its financial dominance is destiny". Those that dont believe in it are likely to ignore r/bitcoin and quietly go on with their lives so we may not hear much of their opinions, and lets be honest, even if the pessimists were making a noise, we mostly seek bulls and ignore bears. 
@_date: 2017-11-28 08:28:04
Some questions and counterpoints


Can OP or anyone else explain (at a high level) how this figure of US$16,650,000 is arrived at?


You state it as though it is an objective truth. There is no consensus on the definition of wise portfolio management. And if you were to poll 1000 wealth managers, I'm not sure that on average they would recommend 0.5-1% bitcoin (or any amount of bitcoin for that matter). More importantly, you seem to imply a correlation between wise portfolio management and actual portfolio management without supporting arguments/evidence for that correlation. 
Under the heading "Retail", almost of all of your data is uncited or guesstimated. 
Your point about "The Great Credit Contraction" is pretty speculative. Perhaps your book makes a compelling case, but I'd caution readers against buying into this assertion blindly. Or if the assertion is valid, assuming that the implied conclusion (bitcoin being the safest and most liquid asset) is true. Or if the assertion and the conclusion is true, assuming that we can "time" when the contraction will take place. 
Under heading "Bitcoin's risk profile" you compare the risk profile of Gold vs Bitcoin, without quantifying the impact and importance of the risk on Gold. And a risk profile analysis should factor in that Gold has a much longer more proven history and Bitcoin has many more unknowns. That has to count for something (maybe for a lot)


This point seems dubious. As is the comparison between transaction fees and EBITDA. I'm not saying that the point is wrong, just very vague. 
Your points relating to Price are the most speculative and illogical. 


How is that in any way relevant to predicting the price? Seems a bit of a childish point.


Are you sure? How do you know this? Could it be that that those who know it well and believe it are louder than those who know it well and dont believe in it (the latter group may just ignore it and move on). And to the extent this may be true isn't it kind of expected because those who believe it are more likely research it further and hence know it best? Does knowing a lot about Bitcoin well make your prediction more likely to be accurate (given that price is determined by much wider economic and socio-political factors)?


This is fine if you believe in technical analysis, which many of us do not. You're basically saying, price has moved up a lot in last 200 days therefore I predict it will move up a lot in the next year. Not the craziest prediction in the world but your reference to the 200 day moving average and your proforma projections mask that your predictions are more or less as speculative as anyone elses. 
By the way, I dont necessarily disagree with your conclusions (I Hodl a small quantity of Bitcoin and I even purchased a bit more today). Just providing some counterpoints for purposes of balance. 
