@_author: why_cant_i_join
@_date: 2013-11-23 07:09:52
**OP listen to me!** People go through years of school to learn about this and even people who have been in the industry for years and have lots of experience with trading can't always guess accurately how the market will turn out. Just forget about all the money that you lost beacuse its happened already and you can't change that. But what you DO have right now is still a portion of the money left. Sure you messed up big time, but think ahead and please don't waste the rest of this as well. The thing is that everybody wants to think that they're the exception and that they will be able to beat the market and make a huge gain, but that is not easy, especially for someone with little experience.  
Like I said earlier, people spend a lot of time researching and stuff and do this as their full time jobs and even they don't get good results every time. You've been getting a ton of messages and most of them are urging for you to stop, so shouldn't that mean something if the majority of people are telling you the same thing?  
What you need to do right now is step back for a second and re-evaluate your situation. It's real and its really happening. To you. You won't just wake up one day and it will all go back to before. **You are in a panic at the moment and if you don't stop what you're doing immediately, you're going to act really irrationally and that is just about the worst thing you can do!** Think about your sister too if you still feel like risking your money. You need to tell someone about this. If the thought of seeking, I don't know, therapy like how everyone is telling you to do, is too daunting, then at least tell someone older than you with more life experience to help you through this, if you haven't already.  
Good luck OP and seriously think hard about all the advice that's been given to you in this thread. You think things are bad now, but if you continue, there is a big chance they can go WAY worse. Sure, some lucky people have won big from investing, but you don't know about the many others who have lost everything.