@_author: why_is_that
@_date: 2019-07-12 16:24:51
Uh... he is more like a dumb orc. Saruman forged the rings that ruled over all men (and more)... Trump has a hard time dealing with the other half of America... not comparable.
@_date: 2018-01-03 02:29:44
`There are two kinds of people: sheep and sharks. Anyone who is a sheep is fired. Who is a sheep?`
@_date: 2019-07-04 01:50:19
America ist wonderbar! Does not care to... how does a society deal with such people when thier mass becomes so large as to elect thier kin...
@_date: 2019-07-27 17:47:54
Not exactly. They got a tech strategy to deal with remittance and otherwise they are fine with cryptos. Power and control is the real currency (economic mover).
@_date: 2019-07-08 05:51:21
"Render to Ceasar what is Ceasar's and render to God what is God's" 
"Man does not live on bread but on every word of God"
Interpretation, society does not understand the order of life and when it falls, those with the littlest know how to survive. Scarcity breeds efficiency but abundance laziness. Putting your faith in bitcoin for the coming economic collapse of the modern era, is kind of like the titanic sinking in a hurricane after being hit by the iceberg and for the lucky few who do not freeze to death in cold waters, the others get twisted equally virtually to death in the choas. Collapse is not orderly, it's like the whirlwind and economy is interesting but bitcoin still does not reconcile economy to ecology, even if some brilliant nerds are working bravely at it.
@_date: 2019-07-28 00:28:37
This is such a weird statement. Isn't this basically a Zeno's paradox? There will never be no mine reward, so looking at there being 20% left is just an illusion/distraction as it's a metrics that are has no meaning in and of itself?
@_date: 2019-07-04 02:52:26
Primarily in swaying opinion which is imo to say they didn't have a reasonable approach/mind to start with. Even manipulating the machines, the reason that vector of attack exists throughout the states is because interested parties pushed it and it was incorporated. It's really hard to say how long voting manipulation at the machines has gone on but probably as long as companies have been involved. The greater issue imo is how cheap and easy it is to sway opinion and/or polarize it via social media "news" and other "gossip".
@_date: 2018-10-19 20:36:46
We cannot have discussions of faith practices that aren't generally overcome by hate speech and zealousness. I mean at a fundamental level everyone has some faith, ethics, and ethos. Specifically speaking about America, there is no place in our education where these are discussed as part of education that legal systems and religious system are often hand and hand. It's funny we learn the separation of church and state but hardly dive into the issues of Theocratic Monarchies. The renaissances in particular really setups a very different ethos for almost all of western society, so when we look at Asia we often have to adjust our lens a great deal (consider issues like "cheating"). 
Generally any discussion that talks about differences in cultures will be seen as a generalization and often racist. Trolls will be the first to ruin these topics so if we cannot maintain some forum where by there is tolerance of diversity of opinions then you just end up with silence. This is why there is no real public discussion of faith practices.
More so of all the modern religions that emphasize diversity of faith practices, I think I have only bumped into a handful that are interfaith (which is what the large majority of modern people would feel most inclined towards -- before their were world religions... but now there is a One world religion, not in that we need to destroy all but one but that they evolve towards a common space). These groups include Quakers, Unity Church, Kundalini Yoga, and some United Methodists (they seem pretty open and even share spaces with Unity). This is hardly inclusive... just an attempt to share to others interested in these ideas of "interfaith". 
Organized religion was a system of control (even if it does provide some personal value). It's done (yes this is a provocative statement). The internet beat it and there will be a few more bouts from organized religion (mainly in places that tried to smite out all religions, e.g. China). 
However, it is my belief that what we call the "Holy Spirit" is a collective consciousness. A word used to contain the concept of the evolution of zietgiests. It is decentralized. It is indestructible. It is always evolving. This is the beautiful transformative power of Humanity, as humanity has created thought/conciousness that superceeds our individuality. This is the foundation of society, of the social contract.
God given rights... if you don't understand God (having a concept of ones ethos and some concept of building a universal ethos), you don't understand rights.
@_date: 2019-08-05 16:04:51
It's more likely that it's not the people but the government. Instead of having a government that fights BTC, they are using it to create stability or instability. There were some previous articles on this and when they announced a CNY digitally pegged currency, it become clear they were sitting on a bunch of crypto with BTC probably being the best bet.
Instead of using BTC to stabilize their currency, they hold it like any other asset and use it to manipulate their currency up or down as they wish. You would have to poke around a bit but I think there are some huge sell offs of BitCNY (BTC/BitCNY pair). Also, we have to take into account that most sites showing markets don't show the full picture in the Chinese market for the BTC/CNY pair.
So Chinese government devalued their currency, how, by playing with there digitally pegged currency and bitcoin assets. Some Chinese traders maybe were part of it but this is more likely a move of the government.
@_date: 2018-11-10 18:19:32
It's a joke. Awareness is good but snarky devs love to give that reply when no shits given. Thanks for pointing this out.
@_date: 2018-02-07 17:03:52
Want to go next level? The banks saying they would no longer allow CCs for crypto purchases, encouraged the dip, all while wall street is joining the game. Seems a bit coincidental.
@_date: 2018-02-10 21:53:51
@_date: 2019-05-13 14:35:38
Correct, humanity only has 30 to 50 years to better connect our economics to reflect environment, or else it all collapses. We just hit 400 ppm for co2 yesterday... 
Crypto helps us ask these challenging questions of revolutionizing economies and with it maybe address the divorce between nature and society... But like you said, can't imagine people will do anything about it.
@_date: 2018-12-01 20:01:07
I put my hand on your hip. And I dip. You dip. We dip.