@_author: whyiseveryoneyellin
@_date: 2018-08-01 23:27:45
Genuine question for people who hope the price of bitcoin goes up: If you believe in Bitcoin is useful on a standalone basis and can replace fiat or payment systems, why do you care what the exchange rate is with fiat currencies? Why would you ever convert back into fiat if Bitcoin (or other crypto) is supposedly a better alternative?
Not trying to troll. Just genuinely curious. Thanks!
@_date: 2018-08-03 00:02:34
Random question of the day: If we assume that modern economies want inflation of ~ 2% in order to encourage spending and stimulate demand, would a non-inflationary money system like crypto cause large drop in demand and therefore cause a recession/ depression? 
To clarify, if prices are not going to go up over time, there is less incentive to spend today, which theoretically will cause fewer products to be produced and fewer jobs to be created. 
I know there’s literature on these topics but curious what the community thinks. Thanks all!
@_date: 2018-10-16 20:40:07
Do the people who post these things have an actual understanding of how the system works? 
It’s very frustrating to watch memes dictate opinion. 
Despite what you may think about the effectiveness of fiat money etc, the above is not inflation. It can become inflation but it certainly hasn’t and doesn’t have to. There are many variables which will impact how inflationary these actions will be but it is too soon to tell today. 
@_date: 2018-10-16 20:57:41
Appreciate the response and agree that in the strictest sense it is increasing the money supply. But there two money supplies - narrow and broad right? They bought securities like MBS and Treasuries with newly created narrow money, not broad money. The banks for a large part did not transform that money into broad money by lending into the real economy, which may have contributed to price inflation. I think this may have recently started to change. 
However, something which is forgotten is that by purchasing the securities and holding them to maturity, they will also drain that amount of money out of the economy. When the securities mature, the Fed gets paid the money and destroys it. 
I’m not saying any of this is a great thing, but given the situation in 2008 I’m not sure I could have come up with a better/practical solution that didn’t result in mass unemployment. Cheers. 