@_author: whynotpostabit
@_date: 2014-09-18 20:47:25
Yes, I bought a couple coins at $1,200. I continued buying coins, never sold any. Eventually the price came up from my average again and I made about $1,000 total from transfering USD&lt;-&gt;BTC.
I then bought in again around $600 and averaged down again. I just purchased several coins a bit over $400. If the price continues to fall, I'll buy more. My average buy in right now isn't much above the current price.
I'm not scared because I know this is a risk. I had actually planned a very large investment around $100 but decided against it even though I knew it would be a good investment. I'll happily average down to $10 and can afford to do so.
In the end, I could also increase my holdings in BTC and a very small change in exchange rates could easily see be break even again. Thats if I was worried about the short term but I'm not.
To me bitcoin was always more of a moral dilemma. The primary uses at first in my opinion were for computer criminals and drug users/dealers. Of course, such economies can be very large and lucrative. I didn't want to profit off what I felt was a guarantee that "drug coins" would increase in value. However, after that $100-&gt;$1,000+ spike I feel the economy has changed enough that I feel morally okay in making money off price fluctuations.
Sure, its ridiculous if you're not me but that is how I make decisions. It hasn't failed me yet.
I could sell now and make a profit again after this giant leap in price... but I won't. I won't buy either though because I already did. 
@_date: 2014-09-18 21:14:23
No one knows the future. I believe in the power of market positioning and currently Bitcoin is branded as  in that respect. Its very difficult to reposition consumer mindsets in regards to an item. The only certain threat to Bitcoin is not from alternative currencies, its from alternative payment systems. There is also the chance of so many competing currency systems existing that they prevent any form of progress and instead fiat will rule the day.
I would be okay with losing everything I put into bitcoin. In fact, I invest in a way that guarantees I will lose on investments because my goal is to retain overall wealth. If I lose wealth somewhere I make it back somewhere else.
I likely won't quadruple my net worth but I will retain my net worth through quite a few negative economic situations.