@_author: whynotpizza
@_date: 2014-01-07 07:14:16
BTC introduces some amount of volatility as well as potential political issues (eg early holdings are primarily perceived to belong to western entities, so a Chinese altcoin may emerge), my post that I referenced included some altcoin ideas I had that may benefit from not being tied to BTC initially (though there's no way to prevent an exchange from springing up). Sexcoin's failure and the proliferation of altspam doesn't imply there can't be viable competitors, merely that it takes more than rebranding bitcoin and tweaking generation parameters to be successful. Bitcoin took years to get its minor following (and probably a decade or more since the early ideas of a crypto-based currency), I'll give altcoins a few years to come up with novel competitive ideas before counting them out.
And you're right to point out we didn't see email as a protocol fragment. But I'd argue we saw the *concept* fragment. The core idea of email is a global system to rapidly exchange text between unique identifiers (more or less), and I'd argue SMS/IRC/Facebook/twitter/etc are all offshoots of that idea. Right now altcoin is synonymous with those zero-effort derivatives of bitcoin. But there's no reason altcoins couldn't be so much more, in fact I'd go as far as to call these blatant ripoffs straight up *spam* (hence altspam). The core idea of bitcoin is the distributed irreversible crypto-based transaction ledger (simplified), and from that idea there are plenty of novel use-cases. Some are close to bitcoin, the post I referenced cites a hypothetical makecoin as a method of exchanging surplus parts in the Maker community where mining would take a back seat, but there's a lot of potential for more exotic uses of the concept. All a currency provides is a common medium with higher security of value with which to do exchanges. It doesn't have to fit in the same box that bitcoin does.
@_date: 2014-01-07 05:10:31
I don't want to invest in all altcoins right now but I can see myself doing so in the future. I'm certain we will see some degree of fragmentation when other major entities enter the fray, it seems that bitcoin is largely held and used in the west (regardless of whether it actually is) so I'm sure at some point China will have its own version of cryptocurrencies. I would invest in those. Dogecoin could have shifted to being a universal upvote, different tip rates for different content on different networks. I did invest in that and should a more thought-out attempt come along I'd invest again. Some alt coins experimented with different generation methods that (regardless of success) attempt to avoid the centralization of wealth generation that bitcoin is slowly suffering. That's worth investing/using in my opinion. The idea that *all* altcoins are trivial bitcoin knockoffs seeking to be the next big hit is incorrect. Sure there's plenty of altcoin-spam right now, but that doesn't imply there can't be others that serve unique specializations (or valuable perceived specializations).
The article you reference is centered on the network effect and majority market adoption, and that holds for mainstream currencies with wide-scale adoption. No arguing that, hard as I try whynotpizza-dollars are hardly a competitor to USD. But the concept of "market" matches the scale of the currency, USD can consider the world as a singular market because of its past status. Bitcoin doesn't have that status, its name alone isn't even recognized by most people. The bitcoin reality is that there are TONS of potential cryptocurrency markets it hasn't even touched. Maybe the maker community will spawn a makecoin as a credit system for exchanging surplus parts. Maybe we'll see a bookcoin as a successor to bookmooch/co utilizing blockchain(s) to track books/credits in the system. I could think of half a dozen potential startup niches right off the top of my head, there are plenty of cases were we may or may not want the altcoin to start as being tied to the global speculative BTC market or where it's better to simply start from scratch.
I'm not saying bitcoin WON'T fill those niches. It obviously could, it's meant as a generalized currency. I'm merely saying that there are tons of niches and the idea that there is One True Cryptocoin may not hold. And I'm curious what the long-term implications of that might be.
@_date: 2014-01-07 07:36:48
I think you're thinking about it in a different way than I am. When people think of dogecoin they thought of some meme ripoff of bitcoin, but what if that wasn't what it was? What if it was about becoming the universal upvote, getting tips for liking certain products or watching ads and letting you tip friends on Facebook or Reddit instead of Liking or Upvoting? Tipping open-source contributors as a form of recognition and reputation across sites, etc. Maybe a practical implementation requires more thought than a two minute reddit post, but I don't see why the core idea wouldn't qualify as a potential altcoin. Sure, we could use micro or pico-bitcoin or whatever it's worth now... but why would we? As a product you'd want something new for that use, with a fittingly modified protocol to support that unique niche use. Specialize to gain traction and excel. Altcoin doesn't imply direct competition, nor does it imply simply stamping a new logo on bitcoin with some different mining parameters and calling it a day.
Of course then we have cases like China (I use them a lot because it's easy, but the same could apply to a lot of regions). If bitcoin takes off china will probably have their own altcoin (either state-sponsored or emergent) with an emphasis on spreading in China, just like Bitcoin seems to be more highly adopted in the west. The national boundaries will separate the two and the respective populations will keep their coin alive simply by refusing to use the other. This is just my opinion and it's not backed up by facts, but I think it's likely and haven't read anything that would contradict that possibility.
Mob mentality works best when there is a unified mob where the emergent interests are shared among many agents. But in the real world we have plenty of mobs, separated by everything from national to hobbyist to corporate boundaries. It's simplistic to consider the world as "a market" and try to apply network effects at bitcoin's scale. When you think about mobs and markets, you need to divide them to the scale of the currency. I wouldn't apply the same logic to the USD as I would to bitcoin because they simply operate at different scales and thus have different agents influencing their evolution. Thinking of the world as "the market" and considering individuals in huge aggregates is fine for USD because those simplifications and assumptions are valid at that scale. I don't know that they would hold for bitcoin though. We're small enough that there's plenty of unpenetrated markets for altcoins to take root. Granted BTC is meant as a generalized currency so of course it could also fill some of those applications, but that doesn't imply it will. If bitcoin takes off and goes global, sure lets talk in giant simplified aggregates... but that's a big if in my opinion, and I think there's a lot of room in between now and then for some very interesting things to happen.
@_date: 2014-01-07 05:17:37
I'm not arguing that this will be negative to bitcoin, and I realize it's not zero-sum (if it were zero-sum I think I'd have to argue that the deflationary property would still hold). I'm just wondering what the implications are. For the latter part of your post re: network effect, see my [reply (here)]( to (in short: yeah there's tons of altcrap, but that doesn't imply there can't be viable ones. USD is big so we can consider the US as a single market, bitcoin is small so we need to consider smaller markets and there are plenty of niches BTC hasn't reached yet where altcoins *could* take off).