@_author: whypineapple
@_date: 2014-10-14 18:53:38
Some more arguments for bitcoins value
- It's quite useful for money laundering. 
- It's fast to invest in and easy to sell again. 
- It's something people have invested their savings, time and effort into.
And lastly:
- It's digital, which means people are naturally psyched about it :D
(comparable to the analog vs digital arguments - "CDs are digital and therefore better than tapes")
@_date: 2014-10-28 20:51:23


I'm all of a sudden more in for trading with cups of coffee - seems a nice round equivalent
"Four coffees for a pizza with pepperoni! Buy now, fresh delicious pizza for four cups of coffee"
But then the real estate ad would say something like this "15000 cups for a nice flat, newly build in central city" which might not sound the best.
But then again if the real estate ad would say "0.2 BTC for a nice flat, newly build in central city" it would be as equally bad... Just my 2 cents
@_date: 2014-11-09 02:29:19
I read this in Arnold Schwarzeneggers voice, and it was just right :P 
edit: To the choppa!
@_date: 2014-10-14 03:32:08
Now I finally got myself to watch it; it made me just more skeptical than I was in the beginning. First hearing about it in 2011 from friends mining for fun off of their gaming cards, people who had otherwise been donating their spare computing resources for that protein folding project. 
Now the narrator speaks about dedicated hardware being OUTDATED as soon as it arrives at his home. I don't see how this can be anything but a loss to the current newcomers. 
This loss of ... hardware/"machine resources"/electricity or what ever we now may use to mine the bitcoins must be put onto someone to pay; unless of course the people that is mining the bitcoin is doing it for the fun of it? Though it didn't seem like it as the narrator spoke about using it to fund his kids education. 
To me it seems like there is a gap between the expectations of future worth and the amount of work put into making the bitcoin system work.
I'm quite curious if I've missed something - as I'm still quite new to this subject. Began learning more about the market after the latest big drop on BitStamp - After seeing all the bear whale memes surface.
Edit: just putting on the year my friends mined for fun.