@_author: whyudrivebad
@_date: 2014-04-17 17:00:06
Do realize, to the layman who has never seriously considered "what *is* money?" terming it magic internet money is not an entirely bad approach. 
I mean explaining bitcoin to the "internet explorer joe" demographic is an arduous task. Only a few bitcoin evangelists like Andreas can fully explain the technology and its implications in less than 20 minutes to an uninformed individual.
If the ad showed a bitcoin symbol and said " decentralized, proof of work, cryptography backed digital currency" would be less than inviting to newcomers. Despite the subs sticky, IMHO it takes 10+ hours of learning to begin to grasp the *invention* that is bitcoin. 
Its worth remembering, as recently as 2 years ago there were NO "internet explorer joe" types into bitcoin. Heck unless you were well educated in cryptography, distributed systems, or economics it WAS nothing more than magic internet money. Really, if someone told you that you could use your computer to create internet money a few years back you would have been skeptical to say the least. 
Terming it "magic internet money", helps newcomers accept that its OK not to get it from the get go. While a fascinating technology, its not as simple as learning what HTML is or how it works. 
Adoption by the "Internet explorer joe" demographic is the hurdle that will make or break bitcoin in the future. If innovative products and services make bitcoin easy for consumers, the consumer base for bitcoin will be avarage people. If those things do not happen it will be used mostly by wall street types, for better or worse.
TL;DR- "Magic Internet money" makes bitcoin more palatable to the "internet explorer joe" demographic who have never considered what really makes something money.
@_date: 2014-04-04 21:56:19
You are missing the point that income equality is inherently linked with the invention. 
There are things you can't do with an account at the National Bank of Cambodia, that can be easily done if you have an account with HSBC. Its easy to exchange USD for the salvadorian Colon in the states, but you would get a worse rate buying USD in el salvador.
 Bitcoin allows a transaction to occur between two any two addresses without the interference of banks, payment processors, exchange rates, or money exchangers. The block chain does not discriminate when processing legitimate transactions. 
As someone who has traveled to developing nations that have issues with currency volatility, I can say with confidence that widespread use of bitcoin would level the playing field for them. 
If you eliminate the exchange fees and currency volatility from the equation I believe, based on experince traveling to developing nations, the local economy could get 7-10% more from each tourist if something like bitcoin was used for payment.
@_date: 2014-04-18 05:25:52
The fact of the matter is if you aren't in possession of your private key(s), its just like owning a car with a title the previous owner has not transferred to you. Anyone who has bought a few dozen cars from   individual sellers knows to square away any title issues before they get too invested in the car.
@_date: 2014-04-07 05:07:26
First things first, despite the "magic internet money" advertisements, bitcoin *has* made the jump from "magic internet money" to a serious technology that people around the world are working with and using every day. 
A friend of mine turned me on to bitcoin back when you could CPU mine ~1 btc a day on a laptop in a mining pool. I opened bitcoin qt and said fuck it when I saw that it would take more than an hour to "load" (sync the blockchain). That was a mistake.
Back then bitcoins were known about by only a small handful of individuals and the implications of the technology were overlooked. There were a few true believers who "got it" but the majority of people still regarded bitcoin as internet funny money but used it because you could create it on your computer and others would accept it (generally for knowledge, not physical products or fiat).
These days, people who have never used the internet and don't own a cellphone have heard about bitcoin on the news. Thats pretty incredible for software. Think about that for a second. People who have never used the internet have heard about and remember the word "bitcoin". 
I mean really, If you went to a retirement home and polled people I'd bet 0.1 btc that more residents have heard of bitcoin than the Linux operating system. That is INSANE for **free software**. 
Let that sink in for a moment. 
Add in the fact that millions of venture capitol dollars have been invested in bitcoin related companies mostly in the last year. 
Society has accepted that the bitcoin invention has merit. Bad news doesn't change the fact that bitcoin has gained enough traction to be newsworthy. That is very very strange when I think back to the old days. IIRC at least one news network displays BTC price where they display stock prices. If you told me that even two years ago I would have written you off as a bigger fraud that Multilevel marketing types. 