@_author: wickedfugu
@_date: 2013-05-28 14:01:56
That's cool, but perhaps you might consider looking for another currency perhaps as an option? I am only mentioning LTC as it seems to be the most dominant competitor of BTC, however the point of this post was simply to offer the thought that maybe another option is to not play the arms race in BTC but try to develop and create a stronger competition to BTC that could end up more profitable to you in the long run.
@_date: 2013-05-28 14:18:11
You seem to have missed the whole point of the discussion...
ASIC versions are not regulated the same way as GPU versions, as such new versions could be released multiple times a year so it could become quite risky to keep riding the ASIC train.
@_date: 2013-05-28 13:46:06
You are not considering though the EOL for ASIC miners, for example; Butterfly Labs accidentally turned on a feature that they planned to release later which allows a user to purchase an 'unlock' for their ASICs which over clocks it to roughly +18 to 25% which shows that they are very cleverly planning to cash in on the miners between ASIC releases as well.
This likely is intended to serve as cashflow for the company whilst they burn R&amp;D $ creating and pushing out the next ASIC. The cost of this unlock is roughly 30% of the initial purchase price.
So with the current grade of ASIC to stay compeditive you have to commit to purchasing the OC unlock, but what happens when your ASIC becomes obsolete overnight by the release of the next big bad ASIC version? You are now looking at an initial purchase cost and a near unsellable ASIC asset as it would be like selling a CPU now for mining purposes.
And who's to say that BFL hasn't already started developing or producing ASIC v2? They are very overdue so there has been ample time to do so and simple maths says that the gold rush of the ASIC boom will be over within a couple months.
tl;dr: The ASIC arms race will turn over versions so quickly that unless you are always in the first shipping wave your risk vs rate of ROI may cause it all to not be worth it in the end.
@_date: 2013-05-28 14:09:19
haha maybe its because of all my Butterfly Labs bashing or maybe so many people in have pre-orders and want to feel better about that decision? :D
I just want to offer people a different perspective and give a realistic view of what will become of BTC mining once ASICs are roaming wild and free.
@_date: 2013-05-28 12:59:03
True, but hopefully the way that LTC &amp; FTC are crypted will delay that for a lot longer as they will be more resource hungry / expensive.
@_date: 2013-05-28 13:51:10
I hear what you are saying but that's ridiculous and ignorant behavior, that's like saying "Discuss the American civil war but don't you dare mention the 'Reds' as we are all 'Blues' in here..."
@_date: 2013-05-28 13:58:04
GPU mining is more expensive than ASIC mining (you can generally only fit 3-4 video cards in a system before you have to add a new system to the farm due to heat and spec limitations) and the rate of development of GPUs is not governed solely by the thirst for coins but by the gaming / media industry. Thus the bigger, better and badder cards aren't coming out every 6-12 months. These factors slow down the 'growth' of difficulty. The ASIC arms race could see redevelopments every 6 months and 'unlockable upgrades' in between version releases.
@_date: 2013-05-28 13:37:49
Yes and no, depends on what you are trying to get out of your mining, the cost of ASIC hardware will likely remain generally affordable, however you will have no choice to upgrade to the next ASIC miner to maintain "GPU level mining" or you will become a CPU miner in a GPU mining world.
However, I predict that what will happen is everyone who has not bought into the ASIC mining world will jump ship to the next biggest currency LTC as they can instantly continue mining at the norm level without needing to purchase additional hardware and not have to be concerned with short term hash overcrowding.
I agree with you that we may never see another bitcoin success quite like bitcoin was, however there HAS to always be competition with everything, BTC will be for the upper class who can afford to renew their ASIC hardware every time a new version hits the shelves and LTC will serve as the middle class's home until ASICs break into the currency and create a new upper class.
The purpose of my original post is to highlight my predicted trend and offer the suggestion that its probably better to get LCT mining before the BTC refugees start crossing the border and "take our jobs".