@_author: wickedvocalist
@_date: 2015-04-03 04:23:43
They might be worse off if they end up with a child support order and their ex doesn't abide court ordered visitation.. 
Mine moves to a new state with a new sugar momma every time I leverage joint custody. I hope one day my daughter learns what a spineless, cruel and manipulative little man her father is. He's a golddigger. One day I will have the pleasure of asking her to excommunicate him to inherit all the nice things in life I got  to earn from the lessons I learned being used by him. He won't touch her money, either. He already abandoned her sister.
@_date: 2015-04-03 03:57:30
Some people do have to do this.
If you ever get divorced and have a joint credit or bank account, you will learn why.
Some of us don't bother going back to banking even once we have the capability of doing so, because its annoying to have money tied up and take 3 days to transfer.
@_date: 2015-04-03 03:53:49
Forget U/justusranvier.
They'll end up in prison for unsecured investments and on an SEC FED watchlist.
They are worse than drug dealers, sort of an insider trader/black market deal hybrid..
Bitcoin is a scam, developed by the government to corral all the criminal idiots.
@_date: 2015-04-03 03:54:49
Maybe 33% of millennials lack either the funds to deposit or the credit to open and keep an account.
@_date: 2015-04-03 04:08:56
Are you one of the newest team peons the bank hires, wet behind the ears and green as a spring sprout?
Baby faced brats who talk too much don't get to play with my money.. I don't trust people who have bad habits and reckless behaviors who are a couple years older than my own teenager.
Maybe I'd feel better if the Tellers and Bankers weren't drunk at 18 with their lips flapping nonstop.
I'd feel better if they didn't hire bully predatory children who snort enough coke and white to fell an ox while they smack their lips trying to sell something they don't have the money for either - credit. It would be nice if the bank drug tested or checked after hours conduct of their hires, but they don't. Maybe I'd feel better if the teenage drunk who listens to Beiber and acts promiscuous who forgets how to make a McDouble or a pizza properly wasn't behind the counter laundering money and IDs to get into bars.
Oh yes and the lines. The banks have money to make their service timely and efficient, but they're Greedy like Dan Gilbert, so they won't. They have the cash to support kind and ethical mature adults on payroll, but they won't - they care only for their sales, once they have you you are like a dog. They judge people by what is in their account. They won't use the money to make their clients happy, so I just keep money in a drawer. Also I not only hope the banks fail, I think they actually will run.
FDIC insures less than 000.01% of each PENNY meaning if the bank goes bust, I go broke. No.. 
I've worked at a bank. I also snitched to a DA on them. Screw them.
If banks hired some people who know what they're doing and are above age 26, then maybe I'd change my opinion. If they cared about people violating disclosure and bothered to do anything in a timely manner, I just might care.
But I know they have skeleton staffs of inexperienced, unethical party animals with a bully mean streak. I know they will overwork all of them even if it means a pile of deposit tickets sits there for 3 days and that they are paid to lie, well. I know they will only do the bare minimum, and then some crime that the Fed requires.
Also people need income to bank. Otherwise I deal in cash, its just easier.
I hope some of the newer banks close or get bought, too much corruption and scandal.
Banks shouldn't have high turnover, but they do. That's just fine if you want every twit working fast food who couldn't sell or act right knowing how much you're worth.
@_date: 2015-04-03 03:58:52
Paying cash. Walking off the lot. End of story.
@_date: 2015-04-03 03:56:28
Like, grow up.
@_date: 2015-04-03 03:50:27
Bitcoin is gambling. It is not a secured investment, and it's illegal and not backed by anything but hustlers.
@_date: 2015-04-03 03:55:46
That is laundering.
@_date: 2015-04-03 04:44:33
Then that business is insolvent and operating in the red.
In accounting terms, that business is taking a LOSS.
Smarter business people will invest by saving up in their own business. Then they will be netting an income when the people who took out loans still owe.
Oh and while you're at it, can you do a P&amp;L statement that spans 5 years into projections of profits? Then you're a liar.
You've suddenly got cooked books all hammed and hemmed up with a goal.
I pray for you and whoever writes you a commission to sell to be audited..
Yep you probably work for a subprime lender like Quicken or another vulture like entity being investigated. Your party is just beginning. Have we got fun and games for you!
I can smell the stench of sales vulture through my overheating motherboard. 
There's no way we'll spare you any silence or humiliation.
Don't scream.
It's not a theme park.
@_date: 2015-04-03 04:34:26
Instead we have the banks that caused financial destruction in Spain and Italy moving in to the US and people like Dan Gilbert are buying the entire city. Think Sovereign - Santander buyout, and Quicken Loans in 2008 predatory hunters are now living large.
This is how wars start, Financial Terrorism.
If the greedy monsters want to keep going, hyperinflating valuations because the both own, employ, and lend, all of the property, all the money, and all the jobs, there is an *Endgame* we all get to *play*. Rents are doubling and tripling in these multinational conglomerate merger deals. They are literally buying up entire blocs of neighborhoods, and now they are doing 2008 on a corporate (skyscraper) level. Its time to get them out for good and behind bars.
The something that happens when all the buildings are empty and all the people are priced out of their own homes and businesses into the streets to stand together.
And that something is called a civil war.
I won't trust in banks again until the trash gets taken out. Instead the richest trash decided to skip their countries and come here to do the same fraud in another region. Then the people like Gilbert who are in on it buy everything all their clients just lost and then some.
We don't need someone to own everything for us, we sure need not pay them to do so.
@_date: 2015-04-03 03:52:00
I am too.
When I have enough money from working I'd like an account, but its not worth it if there's no steady income.
@_date: 2015-04-03 03:56:08
Yep.