@_author: wifehasdid
@_date: 2015-12-23 21:14:53
The moment I hear someone complain about free speech zones I imagine an angsty 19 year old who has no concept about how the world works.
You have the ability to speak out against the government, you can say anything you want and you will not be arrested for your words.
However, other people also have the freedom to get to work, to not have traffic impeded forcing people to miss out on parts of their lives because YOU have something to say.
A free speech zone allows you your freedom to say what you want and it also allows other people the freedom to ignore you and continue to live their life without you impeding them.
The constitution gives you the right to say what you want, not FORCE what you want to say on other people.
As for mass surveillance, it is far more complex than "clearly against the spirit of the 4th amendment"...  I mean according to that stance you would think that the Constitution clearly wanted militia groups in the USA to be allowed to make nuclear bombs
@_date: 2015-12-24 17:20:08
I "sold out to the man".... 
You literally just said that while make the "ad hominem" post
Thanks for the laughs enjoy your Christmas damning the man
@_date: 2015-12-23 22:19:12
Oh no, the under educated over confident angsty early 20 something isn't going to re-educate me
@_date: 2015-12-24 01:36:08
It is also true that one with average intelligence is stupid
Seriously a 100 IQ is rather dumb
@_date: 2015-12-24 07:40:21
The judge did not rule that it was unconstitutional ..... He said that it could be and a higher court than his needed to rule on it....they did and stated it was not a violation of the constitutíon....
That is the biggest problem with the media....people like read the headlines that misrepresent the truth and you run with it
As for your lawyers...1st I can get a lawyer to argue anything  doesn't make it true 2nd the case you are talking about didn't win because of a constitution violation but becasue a order for an out and wasn't reupped ..a clerical error it was fixed and the program is up and running ...
No court has ruled it a violation of the constitutíon....not one
@_date: 2015-12-24 00:12:26
Your age is irrelevant, your comment is what I was responding to without any idea of what your age is.  Your comment is typical of angsty teens who have taken one or two political classes and think they understand now...
But those classes don't teach anything about how the world works.  Which is why I was able to tell you were a teen without any idea of who you were or how old you were.  Don't feel bad a lot of adults share your 19 yr old angsty view on life.
Freedom of speech is great, but just because you have a view on something doesn't allow you to ruin others day.  
The constitution doesn't protect your right to FORCE PEOPLE TO LISTEN TO YOU... it protects your right to say what ever you want.  If you want to get your message out you cannot just fuck up every ones day so you can force your opinion on them.
If you cannot get your word out without breaking the law maybe people are ignoring you because they don't care about your problem.  They have that right to.  There are millions of ways to get your voice heard without infringing on the rights of others, if your message is one of value it will get out.
And sorry but the Constitution 100% was intended to protect the rights of a well organized militia to have a nuclear weapon... because the amendment is very clear... Organized groups are to be allowed to keep the same kind of armament (weapons) as the US military.  This was done to make sure that the military could never over through the government by force because the people were allowed to be equally armed as the government.
That is 100% what their intention was, now sure at the time they were talking Cannons and muskets but the point was clear, same weapons for the people that the military has so the military can never control the people (in a military coup) 
As for how successful mass surveillance is... I don't give a shit...
The constitution protects private things in your possession from being searched.... it does not protect things that you gave to others.  You lose the right to privacy the moment you give your information to a third party.  That third party can do what ever they want with it, including giving it to the government and there is nothing you can do about it.
All the ISP providers and phone carries etc freely give this information to the NSA as they want the government to continue to provide them with access to satellites etc.
Look at it this way, if a teacher went in your school bag and found a note, your rights would be violated. If you give a note to the teachers pet and the teachers pet gives the note to the teacher, your rights weren't violated.  
That is what is going on, there is ZERO protection for your internet traffic, nor your meta data because you are using a third party and they can do what ever they want with your information.  
You do realize that when you log onto the internet you are connecting your "private stuff" with 100's to 1000's of other peoples servers... nothing you do on these servers is private, no email, nothing.  None of it is protected by the Constitution...
You talk about how those that wrote the constitution didn't know about nuclear weapons... you are right which is why we cannot say anything is "clearly what was intended" because both our weapons and communication technology has gone WELL BEYOND their imaginations...
The constitution is a completely out dated piece of paper and while it is convenient far to many people simply want it to mean what ever THEY THINK IT SHOULD mean...
Literally... Organized militias should be allowed to build and store nuclear weapons as they are allowed to maintain the same armament as the US military (they should also have access to all secret military weapons projects)... And maybe literally it was intended that nothing on the internet or phone should be tracked to protect privacy...
But the you cannot say the words don't matter only the intention for one but not the other....
Because the intention was for militia groups to have nukes... and fuck that..
@_date: 2015-12-25 09:07:04
Which would be the fault of the voters....in primaries...
The people only have themselves to blame
@_date: 2015-12-23 21:08:00
Exactly, when  sportas team is horrible they never blame the people who put that team together...
It isn't the voters fault that they fall for the "cutest" or most "presidential looking"... it isn't the voters fault that they fall for soundbites, billboards, talking points and an abundance of over priced commercials.
The voter shouldn't have to make an effort to understand what they are voting for, they should be spoon fed facts in an entertaining way, they should be told how the economy works in a 30 second add that has cute puppies.
This is NOT YOUR FAULT as the voter... this is someone elses fault...
Cause that is how the world works today, if something is wrong, YOU shouldn't have to do anything to improve it, that falls on the shoulders of SOMEONE else
@_date: 2015-12-24 01:41:35
Probably masturbate, maybe get some Italian food
@_date: 2015-12-23 22:59:54
Your phone records emails etc etc have been recorded by the company providing those services since they were invented and while you may believe it to be true non of that is private because the moment you give your information to a third party...phone company isp provider etc it is no longer protected.
The Constitution does not protect the search of third party transactions....
The NSA isn't collecting the info the company providing the service is they are giving it to the NSA who stores itvso they can access it quickly
Prior to the NSA all this info could be attained (see the wire sopranos law n order etc etc) and it was common knowledge.   The only thing that changed was their ability to access it quickly
You can be against this and you can hope for lsws to be created to protect it (like law created to protect us mail) but if you call it unconstitutional you are just ignorant
@_date: 2015-12-24 19:45:11
You have not provided a single ruling that the NSA violated the constitutíon 
@_date: 2015-12-23 21:02:03
Well lets see, they don't go after the corruption in Unions, they don't go after the corruption in welfare, they don't go after the corruption in state employees
Checks out, they don't go after any corruption because if they started to go after corruption someone would come after the corruption that supports them
@_date: 2015-12-24 17:14:41
That was a really long winded way of you trying to tell me it is on me to prove they aren't violating the constitution which shows a clear lack of understanding how the legal system works.
It is on you to prove that the law was broken, which will be difficult for you as there isn't a single judge that has ruled any of the actions of the NSA have violated the Constitution of the United States, all you have is a judge sending it to a higher court to be told it didn't violate the constitution and some Lawyers trying and failing to argue that it violated the Constitution.
As for your link... you should really read the bottom of the page..


Not only does the judge NOT rule that it was unconstitutional the website itself tells you that this particular documents are not considered to be findings of fact
@_date: 2015-12-23 21:02:49
No, the average person is stupid....