@_author: wikt
@_date: 2017-12-27 15:53:01
Why would you spend Bitcoin when it has been growing so much in value this year? 
I once bought a game with BTC - the amount I spent back then is worth like $300 now. 
BTC (or any coin pegged to it) won't be feasible as a currency for spending on anything until it stabilizes. It's something I feel like r/bitcoin and the entire Bitcoin community forgot about in the market growth craze. 
@_date: 2017-12-27 19:18:42


I was thinking mostly of Bitcoin when saying that currency doesn't have to lose value. Besides, most fiat currencies' charts seem to have humps in them indicating that their values do indeed fluctuate up as well as down... 


It *is* relevant. Computers aren't currency. I've broken down the analogy for you already. Ignoring these differences is not fair. People buy computers for practical applications, not as a vehicle for value. And sure, people might choose to wait for better technology, but in most cases you won't see a $1k difference in value for a computer *a week after you buy it.* 
@_date: 2017-12-27 18:32:57
This is not a good analogy.
Computers have immediate practical applications beyond their raw value or power. Sure, you can wait for better technology to come out if your computer isn't far behind the top end. But if its specifications meet your needs for computing power, you have no real pressure to upgrade or to wait. 
Also, a computer - once bought and used - deprecates in value. Currency does not necessarily lose value. 
It's also a problem of scale - at the scale of Bitcoin's value fluctuations, this analogy breaks down (if it hasn't already) - the incentives for holding vs spending are so much different. 
@_date: 2017-12-27 18:36:30
Not only are the fees a major obstacle, so is the general performance of the network and the extra steps you have to take in order to effectively utilize BTC as a currency without lowering your BTC balance. 
Ideals or not, BTC is simply not practical as it is. And if you're using it as a medium of payment *while simultanously using fiat to cover for it*, there has to be a pretty good excuse for not just using fiat in the first place. (And I'm sure those exist - but not in most everyday applications.) 
@_date: 2017-12-27 17:26:56
This reverse example doesn't make sense. USD is stable. The same pizza costs more or less the same price in USD right now. 
As it is now, fiat - and especially USD - is the standard. We're not adjusting USD prices to reflect BTC - the example I gave (a game) would have a different BTC price now. 
@_date: 2017-12-27 17:32:57
Nobody cared about the future value of BTC because nobody was expecting this kind of exponential value spike and instability. 
Nowadays, a purchase made in BTC will have a significantly different value the next day, leading to the obvious problem of timing, no matter what you spend it on (be it USD or any other good). 
And that's the problem - you have to make this decision whenever you spend BTC. That wasn't nearly as much of a factor back then. That's why BTC won't function as a currency until it stabilizes. 
Now, I don't see how it would actually stabilize - we're in a Catch 22 until something gives. But I don't think you'll convince anyone to spend it right now. 