@_author: wilco_beirut_radiohe
@_date: 2013-04-18 20:42:06
Well most banks have a AML (anti money laundering) policy. They are legally obligated to uphold these policies. Generally they apply to high cash business where multiple third parties depoist cash into an account without a proper paper trail. Standalone ATM's, used car dealers, collection agencies are generally considered high risk and will have their accounts shut down or questioned. If these business do not put a AML policy of their own in place the bank will shut down the account. 
But seriously, bitcoins are nothing and would be willing to bet most of these banks CEO's have never heard of them. It is not some conspiracy theory, banks are big organizations with lots of moving parts. If they dont want bitcoin money placed with them its becuase large portions of it probably comes from less than legal means. 
@_date: 2013-04-19 13:14:27
I hate to break it to you, but you already have been. And based on the up vote/down vote ratio we share, it seems like people tend to agree with me. Stop your tinfoil hat fear mongering. If you want something to celebrate go discuss the Western Union potential with bitcoins.
One fool to another
@_date: 2013-04-18 19:39:14
This subreddit has really gone down hill. Do you honestly believe that any bank currently cares at this point if bitcoin succeeds or fails? What are you basing your assessment on? Compliance was likely the reason for these accounts being shut down. Regardless of what currency is used by individuals, banks will always be a required part of the establishment. People on this subreddit have some mythical idea that banks will no longer be required if bitcoins take off, but that is just dead wrong. People will always want a secured location to hold their funds with zero personal liability. They will need credit to buy houses, or a credit card to purchase in lieu of cash. If and I mean if bitcoins become a major currency banks would still make their money the same way they do today.
@_date: 2013-04-18 22:51:23
no you can't actually, your post does little to contribute to the community  and makes everyone here look foolish, just like the memes and the lets petition x company to take bitcoin posts. Discuss the potential of bitcoins, its uses or your hopes for it. Not some ridiculous post about how banks want to destroy it 
@_date: 2013-04-18 23:52:47
I dont have to, you started with wild allegations of banks who dont want bitcoins to succeed. i just provided a reasonable alternative and giving the example as to how banks operate in regards to aml
@_date: 2013-04-18 22:35:11
as of right now, yeah they are nothing. Time may change that and it may not but there are lot of things that are on banks radar. As far a legality bitcoins have the ability to be used a lot of way, some of them illegal. Banks wouldnt want to touch something that could anonymously fund drug trade or terrorism (in theory). That is why they shut down their accounts.  