@_author: wildrookie
@_date: 2017-03-09 00:34:59


That's just false. The DNC and RNC are private organizations as are their primaries. They have no laws they have to abide by during them.


You're telling me you don't believe that the RNC doesn't do the same thing with Fox and others? 
The DNC hack was nothing more than photographs of someone's dirty laundry. You know it's there without the photographs and having the photographs really doesn't change anything except forcing you to think about it. 
@_date: 2017-03-08 01:01:31
Wikileaks certainly trends towards anarchy. 
But there was a change after Assange disappeared. Stuff like Assange admitting they were given the RNC hack as well as the DNC hack but that there wasn't anything worthwhile?
You can't tell me that there's nothing interesting in the RNC's emails. There was barely anything interesting in the DNC's emails. 
Wikileaks absolutely has an agenda. It's just not an easy one to figure out.
@_date: 2017-03-09 01:47:22
1) False. There's a reason no one has brought up charges in any state.
2/3) The point is, if the actions weren't the story but rather proof of those actions was the story, very little actually changed. 
Speculation and circumstances vs proof doesn't mean much outside of court, and this wasn't a legal matter. 
When the answer to the question "what did the leaks reveal?" Is "proof of what could already be comfortably assumed", the *content* of the leaks ultimately didn't do anything. 
That's not too say the leaks didn't change public perception. It wasn't the content of the leaks that did that. Most people are oblivious to how inconsequential the overwhelming majority of the emails were. It was the narrative around the existence of the leaks that was actually consequential.
@_date: 2017-03-09 03:02:45


Did I know it before the Primary? No. But after seeing Nevada, Utah, and others, the leak ended up being more "no shit" than "no way". I volunteered for Bernie and didn't vote for Hillary (not that it would've mattered in Texas). The leaks may have finished the puzzle, but the picture was visible well before them.  
They really weren't crazy conspiracy theories. Exit polling being off by a greater percentage than our State Department says indicates election fraud. Debates being scheduled when they would have the lowest viewership. Locking out Bernie for reporting that there was an error in the database... Occam's Razor had long since settled on the DNC pushing Hillary. 








Most people don't even read the articles. The headlines *were* the story that people remembered. That was the narrative. The headlines weren't typically "DNC puts thumb on scale for Hillary"; if you only read the headlines, your perceptions of the leaks had no basis for magnitude beyond the longevity of the story. Since WikiLeaks was steadily leaking the emails, the story's longevity seemed infinite at points. The private email server became conflated with the DNC leak and the media narrative people remember was something entirely different from the truth. 
Looping back to the start of this conversation,
It takes exceptional naivete to place such an immense difference between 100% and 90% certainty when you're in a zero-sum game, especially when you know that the 90% certainty will stay at that point because the person able to provide that certainty has said he wasn't going to. Assange admitting to having RNC emails but that "they weren't interesting enough" to release is clearly him showing a bias. All you have is Assange's word that they're not interesting while he was actively leaking against the DNC and had been telling GOP voices like Roger Stone to prepare for such leaks. Don't assume Assange had altruistic intentions. 
@_date: 2017-03-08 11:58:21
What was there? We've got that the DNC actively supported Hillary over Sanders (which was visible before the leak) and their media strategy.
I'm at a loss for recalling something surprising from the DNC leaks.