@_author: wildsneakylift
@_date: 2017-11-29 07:07:04
Yes but all i see are stories of people buying in at X price and saying its now Y price and that they're happy they made money off bitcoin and not that they believe in the currency. People are in it for the money ( which is not a bad thing at all) but it bothers me because people tell me its supposed to be a global currency not some get in get out quick get rich scheme which is what the majority of people on this subreddit are doing
@_date: 2017-11-29 21:17:06
Yeah i get what you're saying but until bitcoin actually stabilizes against other currencies then i might see people start to use bitcoin. I mean personally if 1 BTC = 10,000$ for example and actually stabilizes against the dollar then A lot of people wouldn't mind using bitcoin as payment. Put it this way if 1$ = 1 Euro and the next day 1$ = 0.5 Euros would you be confident in putting your money into dollars? We are talking billions of people's wealth here no one would just put all their money into a currency/investment that is as volatile as bitcoin even if it is increasing at the moment. I mean would you trust yourself into personally putting millions of dollars of your money into bitcoin if you were that rich? Sure it's increasing in value but lets say the opposite was happening how trusting would you be with bitcoin? I think that's the main problem that a lot of people see with bitcoin. It's not low risk enough for someone to put all their money into it and use it as an actual currency.
@_date: 2017-11-29 06:33:22
I understand that but at the same time you have to think of it as a currency if that's what people ultimately want it to be. The way i think about it is people buying a dollar or a couple of cents and hoping that it increases in value against another currency? That takes away the point of a currency because then that's just speculating that the price of a bitcoin will rise against the dollar. If bitcoin is going to work 1.It needs to be stable 2. People shouldn't be happy that the price is increasing rapidly against the dollar because it should be a form of currency that they believe in(I know the irony). To me it just seems like a bunch of people buying it just because it's rapidly rising in price against the DOLLAR and not because they believe in the currency.
@_date: 2017-11-29 06:44:15
I understand that but at the same time you have to think of it as a currency if that's what people ultimately want it to be. The way i think about it is people buying a dollar or a couple of cents and hoping that it increases in value against another currency? That takes away the point of a currency because then that's just speculating that the price of a bitcoin will rise against the dollar. If bitcoin is going to work 1.It needs to be stable 2. People shouldn't be happy that the price is increasing rapidly against the dollar because it should be a form of currency that they believe in(I know the irony). To me it just seems like a bunch of people buying it just because it's rapidly rising in price against the DOLLAR and not because they believe in the currency.
What I said in my reply on this post^ but yeah i read through this subreddit and people are just happy that the price is increasing and are "hoping to double their money" etc. I dont think half of them realize that its going against the foundation of what bitcoin was originally built on which is to be a global currency that should be STABLE. I mean sure it looks really profitable not gonna lie but it can also be the opposite which im scared of what might happen to those people that are just speculating about the price of bitcoin rising. Also another thing i found ironic was how people are excited that it's going to 100k$ or 200k$ or whatever value that they think it will reach but if they believe in the global currency of "bitcoin" then as i said no one should even care about it. I think people are just gonna cash out once it gets really high to get back their dollars (ULTIMATE IRONY). I feel like there's just too many things wrong with it that just prevents it from being an actual currency and basically comes down to people speculating that the price will rise (hey if that happens then good for you guys for taking the risk).
@_date: 2017-11-29 06:53:41
it goes from 4.46% to 4.55% in the estimation of the next 252 days.....hello