@_author: wilhelm-cruel
@_date: 2018-04-05 15:59:00
Greatest freedom you‘ll find in death?
@_date: 2018-04-05 10:43:40
Land of the free
@_date: 2018-04-05 14:37:54
Should i have tagged it with /s ? Thought the contextual situation would make it a dead giveaway…
@_date: 2018-04-06 07:01:36
1. never have i defended their acts i just explained their reasoning, 9 months in berlin wow that makes you a specialist for freedomindex... uh a third liberation lol, liberation lol.
@_date: 2018-04-05 22:03:28
Trump is the commander in chief of the second largest military power in the world, probably the largest nuclear power, he has inteligence agencies that outweigh the ss not only in numbers but also in technology, he has calamity laws that are harsher than those hitlers parliament had in place. I don‘t need to go further than that, his puppets are exponentially more dangerous than those hitler had.
And throwing atom bombs yeah you were the first, and no i don‘t think they wouldn‘t have aimed for that, but i am pretty sure that they hesitated were the us didn‘t. Wernher von braun was taken to the us before his colleague made it to the udssr, from then on the us were an immanent threat and the only thing stopping the us from using the nuclear option more often was the counterreaction that would have ensued. Still the us used dirty ammo in the gulfwars radiating their own men, another similarity to the insane actions of the insane austrian not giving a fuck about their own peoples health.  Btw the nuclear option wasn‘t an option for the reich that project got stomped because it was to resource intensive...
And yeah for sure did the soviets isolate western berlin since its allies betrayed them like the acis did before. Oh the marshalplan oh yeah the marshalplan 13 billion into western europe, billions into germany and because the us broke down trade barriers to whom oh an island in the west throwing atombombs, yeah they are the only reason the eu has schengen today...
See there is one point i made clear from the beginning don‘t show pride for your forefathers work, this i do for one reason, and one reason only, the us as an allie might join a bit late for the party but if it weren‘t for those poor souls lost on d day europe would speak german, besides that every war every destabilisation that came afterwards was egomaniac financial bullshit and the reason for tomorrows conflicts in the world, lets begin with israel then cold war, letting other countries fight a war to bring down the anticapitalists just to see them crash planes on us ground decades later lets see vietnam a war europe gave up a war whose voctims got saved by european aid lets see korea split in half lets see the gulf first helping saddam then not so much all for the sake of cheap oil you wouldn‘t use if it weren’t for foreign inventions, lets see the internment camps lets see the jom crow laws, mate its not about shitting on your flag its about slapping senses into you, don‘t try to fix the world rather fix your shit before you boast about being rich enough to travel the world to brag about how few weeks in another country make you a specialist on values you don‘t understand anymore...
@_date: 2018-04-05 16:00:18
And those who aren‘t aware of the context?/s
@_date: 2018-04-05 13:17:12
Does that matter? Well, it is one of those ranked higher in the freedom index, even though publicly denying the holocaust is a crime here...
@_date: 2018-04-05 21:29:07
Soviets came up with nuclear options because the us were the threat that already used them, whole different theme, they would have collapsed any way because their idea was corrupted and the us didn‘t intervene because germany stood up to its allies...
Europe had a run to that rime and since WWII the us have nothing but pushed its own agenda for financial power destabilizing anything east from germany multiple times, we reap what you sow, and now you have  nationalist tired of fixing what you broke a nationalist with the same, even more, powers that hitler had, you trust your gut rather than intersubjective measurement, have fun living in your bubble.
@_date: 2018-04-05 19:21:06
You mean they paid billions because their allies practically grounded it after letting an austrian run a shitshow for several years a shitshow that would have gone on for a thousand years if it weren‘t for japanese kamikazebombers, stationing shortrange nuclear weapons made germany rather a subject of udssr aggressions than defended. The reason gearmany is great is because it came back to its values and because it holds them higher than the country kicking it one deathrowinmate at a time, the only reason you feel the freest in the us is because you can best speak that bastardized english. Stop feeling pride for the actions of your forefathers, contribute!
Your intelligence spies on you and you live under disaster rule having a president lashing out at the world out of false pride, god help us that sounds awfully similar to experiences people made in pre wwII( btw your gunlaws are ridiculous and need to be stricten up, but i give you that, not under this president, his stance on this topic gives me the chills)
Not taking a dump, just simply reminding you of the values your country was founded on values undermined a thousandfold. Freedom is not a joke and doesn‘t constitute through one individuals personal feelings but rather through well being of us all, its already undermined by different laws for different places considering one species.
@_date: 2018-04-06 07:04:48
In power the forst largest in spending the first largest but in people china is bigger, and i don‘t hate americans, i just don‘t like the political situation in the us, it reminds me of the sotuation we had in germany pre ww2