@_author: willweisser
@_date: 2014-09-16 21:39:59
Nice to see Coinbase giving back to the community like this.
@_date: 2014-01-21 13:59:54
Really cool. Calibre is an essential part of my toolchain for authoring e-books.
@_date: 2013-10-29 19:24:53
If you have any particular questions you need answered, people around here will be glad to oblige. The vast majority of us are quite friendly and patient, despite a few outliers.
@_date: 2013-07-17 18:05:56
Good point. If I do live to be 94 years old, I probably won't be in a condition to remember much of anything, unless the life-extension folks end up being right.
Luckily [Google has me covered](
@_date: 2013-08-01 13:22:10
I think you mean the many-worlds interpretation and not Copenhagen. MWI has a fair number of adherents although it's never been the most popular interpretation, see e.g.  I stole the bit above about quantum computers computing in multiple universes from a talk by [David Deutsch](
It's also important to remember that the vast majority of physicists don't really care about things like this, because they are busy working on things like string theory and the standard model. I'd venture to say that more of them might actually support MWI if they knew more about it.
@_date: 2013-12-06 01:28:06
I agree; by computers I meant desktops and laptops, though iPhones are only good if they are jailbroken or if users resist the urge to log into a web wallet from their PC. Unfortunately, it's rare to see new users encouraged to use their phones instead of their desktops here.
@_date: 2013-07-17 13:25:16
Two things:
1) You won't see a "true" quantum computer of any usefulness in 10 years, nor are you likely to see one in your lifetime. It's an exciting field of research, but amidst all the hype about D-Wave etc., the fact is that no one knows how to begin to build one, assuming it's possible at all. The issue is overcoming a process called decoherance, which causes quantum states to collapse into classical ones. A quantum computer can only work if the atoms (or whatever) representing its qubits remain in mixed quantum states, but building a machine which can keep individual atoms in isolation like that for long enough to actually perform a computation is akin to building a machine to reverse entropy--all the laws of nature are working against you.
I'm sure someone will come in and argue with me about this, saying things like researchers have built a machine with six qubits etc., but these "machines" aren't really general-purpose computers, they're wired up only to factor a pair of predetermined (very small) numbers. I realize that if you follow what the media is saying it's easy to get the idea that we're close to a breakthrough, but if you look closely you'll find the media hypes up reports like this about many different fields of study. But for quantum computers, the exaggeration is really on another level--if we actually had the technology to build one, we'd be so far off in science fiction land that virtually nothing about our current world would seem familiar.
2) It is not possible to use a quantum computer to generate SHA hashes (or any other hash algorithm), because hash algorithms like SHA are not suited for quantum computation due to the structure of the operations involved. There is a [quantum algorithm for factoring]( which, if a large enough quantum computer were ever built, could be used to break the security of RSA and [ECC]( This would have a profound effect on breaking many forms of encryption in use today, and would also break Bitcoin completely, because the security of the protocol depends on keeping the private keys for an address secret. Still, none of this really matters due to point (1) above.
Edit: corrected a point about quantum computing and ECC.
@_date: 2013-07-31 12:37:51
You won't see it implemented in a practical way (i.e. building a general purpose quantum computer that can crack an ECDSA key) in your lifetime.
@_date: 2013-07-17 16:28:49
My understanding is that it wouldn't vary significantly from SHA-n as far as feasibility for cracking is concerned. The basis for both key-derivation functions like Scrypt and hash functions like SHA is to keep feeding the output from a "scrambling" function back into its input over and over. So, to compute the next intermediate state of the algorithm, one must first have the output of computing the previous intermediate state to feed as input, and so on. This is not an operation that quantum operations can decrease the complexity of, unless the functions in question have major weaknesses with leaking information from one stage to the next.
@_date: 2013-06-24 15:41:40
What are your credentials?
@_date: 2013-11-27 17:14:57
Thanks Andreas! And thanks for the great app from a happy user. I definitely didn't mean to imply that users are forced to to anything in particular with Mycelium. I just think for non-technical users, having a copy of their keys on dropbox or gmail will reduce the chances of losing their coins due to poor backup practices.
@_date: 2013-11-06 02:32:57
I'm really surprised to see some of the responses to this video, because to me it's pretty much awful on every level.
First of all, we get a nice cutesy logo for something no one has ever heard of. Nope, no one looking to find out more about Bitcoin will get confused about that, no way. Could have put it at the end instead, but no, that would be ridiculous. 


Which economy? The world economy? It's actually doing [pretty much OK](


What? Says who?


Is there a reason we had to start a video about Bitcoin with some "sky is falling" rhetoric about how bad everything is? This makes Bitcoin sound like a scam; hey the world is ending, better use Bitcoin. There are way better value propositions you could use than this.


Boom? Really? Ugh.


I realize that this is probably the wrong position to be taking around here, but you have to be aware that the general public doesn't share your antipathy for those three things.


As mentioned above, the average person watching this will be scratching their head wondering why this is supposed to be awesome.


Clumsily worded, and unnecessary to say "get some coins" before explaining how to do it. 


What's an exchange site? 


Why "of course"? You're supposed to be teaching people about Bitcoin. Why are you talking down to them? And why is the narration of "of course" so hurried?


Good thing we waited this long to get to the cool stuff.


This is the first decent sentence in the video, too bad the voice pitch in the narration is so awkward.


Misleading and poorly worded. Visa and Paypal payments go through in seconds, not minutes. Why is Bitcoin so slow?


Show, don't tell.


Some other people have commented about how misleading this statement is, but again, why is this "best of all"? Even if the general public agreed that inflation is bad (dubious), there are still other aspects of Bitcoin they might like better which this video completely fails to highlight.


No comment.


Mark Twain said, "Substitute 'damn' every time you're inclined to write 'very'; your editor will delete it and the writing will be just as it should be."
Oh good, another logo for something no one has heard of. And then we get that first logo again! Just in case we missed it at the beginning, eh?
Anyway, sorry for the negativity/sarcasm, but if you're going to take it upon yourself to make something like this, you might as well get a decent writer and find someone who is comfortable narrating in English. Not trying to be mean, just giving some honest criticism so your next effort turns out better.
@_date: 2013-07-18 00:49:39
Not sure I follow :/
@_date: 2013-12-05 15:44:06
My guess is that people don't want to face the reality that bitcoin can't be used safely by the vast majority of computer users today.
@_date: 2013-07-17 16:22:19


It's not that you wouldn't "get much of a benefit," it's that even if you managed to compute a hash with a quantum computer, there's no known way (nor is there likely to ever be) to make such a computation faster than using a classical model, and more likely it would just be slower.


That's true, although such algorithms can't really be considered secure until they are placed under more scrutiny by the crypto community. But given that such a machine won't just 'spring' into existence, we have plenty of time.
@_date: 2013-08-01 18:15:21
The problem with Copenhagen from an ontological point of view is that no one has ever determined what an "observation" is or what "collapsing" a wavefunction means.
The original Schrodinger's cat thought experiment was meant to demonstrate how loosely defined the idea of an observation is, because the cat, being a macroscopic object, should be capable of "observing" the radiation which leads to its death. But for anyone outside the box, the cat remains in a superposition of life and death, and a superposition in quantum mechanics is definitively not simply a case of hidden information; it's not as if the cat is definitely alive OR dead, but rather it's definitely some combination of both, otherwise quantum computers would not work. So why did one observation succeed in creating reality, but the other did not?
Likewise, a wavefunction collapse has no actual mathematical basis that we know of, because the Schrodinger equation is completely linear and unitary. We do know that wavefunctions will tend to evolve toward classical (or "pointer") states due to decoherance, but unless some arbitrary mechanism is imposed which picks one set of states over another as being "reality," then there's nothing to suggest that any of the other states will ever be lost.
So, is it "believable"? For one thing, it's not clear what we're expected to believe in, and on closer inspection many of the claims being made are somewhat ridiculous.
On the other side, the only real claim that MWI makes is that rather than representing a probability distribution for reality, the wavefunction is in effect reality itself. The reason why we do not experience things like cats being both alive and dead in real life is because the only way a particle can affect itself is via wavefunction interference, which is prevented in macroscopic objects by the jumbling effects of decoherance. This is why quantum mechanical results are "truly" random; not just in the sense of a coin flip where you could know the answer ahead of time if you had enough information about the orientation and velocity of the coin etc. Quantum randomness is random on a deeper level because it's logically impossible to know which portion of the wavefunction will turn out to be "you" in any given worldline.
(as a thought experiment, imagine that, while you were sleeping, I made a perfect clone of you down to the particle level, then separated you and your clone into two rooms, one painted red and the other blue. Clearly, there's no way for you to predict whether you will wake up in a blue room or a red one, since you've woken up in both. Probabilities in QM are similar, except that instead of making a copy of something, both of the clones are actually just different portions of the same wavefunction volume).
So you see, MWI is really a bit of a misnomer, as rather than being an interpretation based on "many" or "split" universes, it's really about there being one universe--but one in which the various portions can no longer communicate with each other by means of interference.
@_date: 2013-07-17 16:30:54
@_date: 2013-07-31 18:43:36


This is the source of the downvotes I believe; people see reports like this in the media and assume I don't know what I'm talking about. Suffice to say, we're not nearly as close to a *practical* quantum computer as news like this would make people believe.


If you think that's cool, consider that there's a very mainstream line of thought which states that the reason quantum computers can perform seemingly impossible computations is because they're actually performing them in multiple alternate universes at the same time--put that in your pipe and smoke it (this is why many quantum calculations are probabilistic instead of deterministic, in some universes you get the right answer, in others you don't).
@_date: 2013-06-18 18:01:35
I checked it out and I like what I'm seeing so far. The setup was really quick and painless. I was looking for a service like this, but was put off by all the information Bitpay was asking for--it seems to defeat the purpose of Bitcoin if I have to reveal all my personal details in order to use it. But since your service is anonymous, you guys may need to watch out for people selling pirated/copyrighted material they don't have the rights to.
I bought my own book as a test, and assuming everything goes well once the transaction is confirmed, you'll have yourself a customer.
@_date: 2013-07-17 18:14:19
(The joke's on you; if quantum computers work, then Bitcoins will be worthless and I won't have to send you anything...)
@_date: 2013-06-18 17:55:32
I saw the same post on and investigated it, even exchanged an e-mail with the creators. Unfortunately, I feel like that site is just too amateurish to trust with my money and/or data. They failed to send out notifications that the site was ready to use, then asked me why I didn't respond to the notification. The form to create new products is a complete mess. The payment settings say "Paypal address" instead of "Bitcoin address." When I mentioned the Paypal thing to them, they said they would fix it...a month later it's still the same.
A great idea, but they need to work out the kinks before I get involved.
@_date: 2013-10-26 20:48:10
If you want a demonstration of how bad humans are at picking random numbers, check out this recent x-post from @_date: 2013-11-12 02:44:13
Incidentally, the reason you must "overpay" oftentimes when using Bitcoin is because there is no way to partially spend the output of a previous transaction. If this were allowed, determining the amount of BTC stored at any particular address would take much longer, because it would involve adding up the amounts left over from transactions all the way up the blockchain. The way Bitcoin works, an output can only be in two states, "spent" or "unspent," which means determining the balance for an address is as simple as adding up the amounts of all the unspent outputs to an address (and nodes can keep an index of all unspent outputs to speed this up).
@_date: 2013-07-17 17:58:24
That's true, but it doesn't really help break hash algorithms like SHA. See  for an explanation.