@_author: william7777
@_date: 2016-01-13 13:15:52
Can we please call a duck a duck, a hardfork a hardfork and an altcoin an altcoin. 
It is utterly ridiculous to call Bitcoin Classic/Unlimited/XT an altcoin. Just stop this utter nonsense. 
I AGREE that a hardfork could be problematic, but then call it a hardfork. It's not an altcoin!
@_date: 2016-01-21 06:39:30
"Governments will simply not allow themselves to lose this power. That is the point he makes."
But what is so important for all of us to understand is that **goverments already do not create their own money**. It's already been stolen from the Government ever since the private Federal Reserve came along
My main reason for owning bitcoin is this: It's a silent protest to my government to say "Take back your power and issue your own money."
If my government started issuing their own money as it is clearly spelled out in the Constitution, I would sell my bitcoin TODAY and gladly start using the money by "We the People". 
So actually Jamie Dimon is saying "You Bitcoiners will not take our power we have over government." or "We control the government better than you. Haha". That's what he's really saying. 
The point is, never fall for the "Governments will do this or that". The governments clearly lost control more than a century ago. 
@_date: 2016-01-22 22:25:27
Yes but we are running out of time. If we had all the time in the world, SegWit would be the absolute most perfect solution. I understand that 2MB pose risks, but it is not unimaginable that we would come up with solutions for those risks too. 
Everything in life evolves. We take 1 step, it might not be the perfect step, but we course correct and come up with new solutions for whatever new problems we've now created. That's how rockets got built. And nobody is going to tell me it's impossible for us to deal with whatever new problems a 2MB blocklimit will throw at us. Are we humans that pathetic? No... most definitely not. 
It's ready to go right now.
@_date: 2016-02-18 15:44:08
It "the fuck" (as you so utterly eloquently put it) belongs on because in case you haven't noticed we're nowhere close to mass adoption. 
It would not be far fetched to think that 1000 of the 172,730 subscribers here still actively market Bitcoin to their friends, family and local businesses. 
At least 10% of those 1000 subscribers will run into people saying "Yes but I won't use bitcoin because terrorists use it". They got that crazy idea from articles like this.
So by posting this link, the grassroots bitcoin marketer can easily disprove that claim. 
And that's why "the fuck" it belongs here. 
