@_author: williamcotton
@_date: 2014-04-17 18:06:40
This is really fantastic! I'm going to suggest that you use OAuth 2.0 and have a signedRequest token that is passed to whatever client is asking for authorization. The Facebook implementation in their Javascript SDK is a great example of how to do it. Are you in San Francisco by any chance?
@_date: 2014-05-24 23:33:32
We are incredibly sensitive to people's first experience with Bitcoin. That's why we've made this product the way it is! We don't want to scare them away with difficult to understand terms. 
From our conversations with people who are aren't familiar with Bitcoin we've gathered that a lot of people feel confused by the large amount of technical terms like "QR codes", "private keys", "public addresses", "unspent outputs", and "change addresses", to name just a few.
Our goals are to make Bitcoin as easy to use as possible. Our team has a lot of experience building consumer web applications and we'd like to have or sign-up process as easy as sites like Twitter or Instagram. We want people's very first experiences with Bitcoin to be pleasurable and not have the steep learning curve that the majority of wallets currently have.
We realize that these goals are incredibly ambitious and that there are very real trade-offs when it comes to privacy, ease-of-use, security and most importantly trust.
We want you to trust us but we don't expect it. We can do nothing but earn that trust one person at a time. We will work our butts off to do so because we believe that making Bitcoin as easy to use is well worth the effort for everyone.
BTW, here's a section from our FAQ (which we're working on right now!):
The client-side software is built on top of Helloblock.io and uses BitcoinJS-lib. All wallets and transactions originate on the client and never on our servers using the same mechanisms found in any other hierarchical deterministic brain wallet. So if you add a passphrase and then promptly forget it there's nothing we can do! This is both a feature and a bug and we are interested in exploring other mechanisms that keep our users in control of their funds while also being very easy and convenient to use. We don't want you to store your life savings in this wallet. Think of it like your real wallet. Just put enough for the day in there. There is a time and place for cold wallets and tight restrictions but that can be less convenient for day-to-day use.
When you first sign up your passphrase is supplied by our servers. This mechanism is similar to how most Bitcoin and Dogecoin tip bots work. It lets people send to a friend's address before they've signed up for the service. This has some dangers. If our servers are compromised these passphrases can be used to gain access to the wallets, but only if the users haven't "upgraded your security". We are busy working on multi-factor authorizations based on multiple identity providers including SMS, Twitter, email and more. We think there are ways to keep users fully in control of their own funds, safe from attackers as well as being convenient. It is a tall order but we're ready to take on the challenge.
William Cotton
CTO QuickCoin, Inc
@_date: 2014-05-24 23:47:47
I've been a redditor for years and I have an extensive history of potentially embarrassing and uber-nerdy things I've said in past comments to prove it! :P
@_date: 2014-05-02 21:18:53
If we're all talking about the same thing, that long hash that he gave you is used to generate the nonce and the public key used in the actual transaction.
Here's an overview:
@_date: 2014-06-02 08:53:25
You're right, this was very obvious. We have automated tests in place for all of our internal APIs and rely on manual testing processes for the UI. Something must have slipped through the cracks in a recent update and been missed by our manual testing process.
We have just pushed an update that fixes this issue.
Clearly we need to do a better job because public perception of the stability of our product means everything. We don't stand for cosmetic issues such as this one but we're a very small team and we've been focusing our efforts on making sure the the product is foremost safe, secure and easy for people to understand. No funds were lost or even ever transferred because of this bug.
As I'm the only developer at the company I'm personally embarrassed that such an obvious mistake was able to slip out.
We would like to thank everyone for their support and for bringing this issue to our attention. We don't normally wait until 2am to rush fixes out the door so you'll have to believe us when we say that this is the first time we've seen this issue.
@_date: 2014-05-23 16:51:42
Hey Gaarabits, I'm really sorry. 
I'm going to take a break from feature development for the day to make sure we can resolve this situation for you and get your coin back.
I'm almost positive we can get your funds back!
I've got a feeling that there was an error when it tried to sweep the funds from your initial account to your account with upgraded security. My guess is that the transaction didn't get posted yet our servers made the mistake of updating your account's wallet address.
First, let's see if we can get it back right now:
If you could try clicking on the settings icon and choosing "Unlink Account".
Then refresh the page and try logging in with Facebook again. You'll then be using your original account.
Hopefully you'll see your coin in there.
If you want, hop on irc.freenode.net in the channel  I'm almost always hanging out in there during normal business hours for San Francisco, CA.
@_date: 2014-05-22 23:36:27
The client-side software is built on top of Helloblock.io and uses BitcoinJS-lib. All wallets and transactions originate on the client and never on our servers using the same mechanisms found in any other hierarchical deterministic brain wallet. So if you add a passphrase and then promptly forget it there's nothing we can do! This is both a feature and a bug and we are interested in exploring other mechanisms that keep our users in control of their funds while also being very easy and convenient to use. We don't want you to store your life savings in this wallet. Think of it like your real wallet. Just put enough for the day in there. There is a time and place for cold wallets and tight restrictions but that can be less convenient for day-to-day use.
When you first sign up your passphrase is supplied by our servers. This mechanism is similar to how most Bitcoin and Dogecoin tip bots work. It lets people send to a friend's address before they've signed up for the service. This has some dangers. If our servers are compromised these passphrases can be used to gain access to the wallets, but only if the users haven't "upgraded their security". We are busy working on multi-factor authorizations based on multiple identity providers including SMS, Twitter, email and more. We think there are ways to keep users fully in control of their own funds, safe from attackers as well as being convenient. It is a tall order but we're ready to take on the challenge.
Of course we would love to build a native application for iOS and we're hoping that Apple will one day allow for us to apply our passions for building great Bitcoin software to their platform.
There's no other way for us to gain the trust of the community than by being consistently open and honest.
@_date: 2014-05-27 00:20:01
At this point we've only got Facebook as a lone identity provider. Our current solution is to just rely on our users to provide a secret that we never know about, also known as a brain wallet. We plan on having another deterministically generated wallet based on SMS as well as TOTP protocols like Google Authenticator. We plan to host these additional services on entirely separate infrastructure and possibly across hosting providers as well. We can rely on the same sorts of decentralized characteristics that power the entire Bitcoin network and protocol. By distributing wallet generation across different services and then only ever combining them client-side in the web browser to create multi-sig transactions, we can ensure that our single point of failure will always rest in the hands of our users if they choose for it to be so.
Please keep in mind that some people are terrified of being the single point of failure for their own money. Not everyone is the type to keep their closet stacked with cash and their backyard littered with buried gold. We're going to try and create ways for anyone with any sort of motivation for using cryptocurrency to have an enjoyable and valuable experience.
Trust is at the core of what any intermediary offers to people. We trust that Armory works. We trust that Mycelium isn't going to start collecting private keys. We trust that Bitstamp is going to honor our buy and sell orders. 
We have to work hard to earn that trust and we realize that it could evaporate in an instant. We're willing to take that risk if you're willing to risk your funds with us.
@_date: 2014-05-23 18:27:17
I think ultimately the solution is for the QuickCoin wallet to always keep an eye on the original account. There are always going to be situations where transactions aren't reliably propagated and the transfer goes through AFTER the account was upgraded. We can't do anything about that if we stop paying attention to the original account.
This is gonna take a some development effort but it is inline with current work that is being done to allow for multiple accounts.
In the meantime we're going to put some messaging up there that tells people to make sure that they have seen the incoming transaction show up in the app before they try and upgrade their account!
We will also make sure that we prominently display a link to our support page.
@_date: 2014-05-02 19:56:56
They're regular addresses. The only thing special about a stealth address is that a nonce embedded in the transaction as an OP_RETURN.
Here's an example: 
@_date: 2014-11-01 17:54:02
The GNU General Public License is specifically NOT a permission-less license.
@_date: 2014-12-06 09:54:50
I've got a similar protocol here: 
Find me on twitter  and we should talk!
@_date: 2014-06-06 16:53:24
I would argue that civilization is the proper balance between the public and the private.
The blockchain is a great example of this. A public ledger that also allows of pseudonymity.
The middle way.
@_date: 2014-05-23 01:04:44
Whoa! Sorry about that. It looks like there might be some bugs related to displaying incoming transactions from the blockchain. I'm going to look in to it and I'd love your help! If you have any more details that you could provide it would be great. Feel free to contact me in private.
@_date: 2014-05-26 23:16:24
I'm going to post some more in a bit, but here's some the relevant section from our FAQ (which we're still working on):
The client-side software is built on top of Helloblock.io and uses BitcoinJS-lib. All wallets and transactions originate on the client and never on our servers using the same mechanisms found in any other hierarchical deterministic brain wallet. So if you add a passphrase and then promptly forget it there's nothing we can do! This is both a feature and a bug and we are interested in exploring other mechanisms that keep our users in control of their funds while also being very easy and convenient to use. We don't want you to store your life savings in this wallet. Think of it like your real wallet. Just put enough for the day in there. There is a time and place for cold wallets and tight restrictions but that can be less convenient for day-to-day use.
When you first sign up your passphrase is supplied by our servers. This mechanism is similar to how most Bitcoin and Dogecoin tip bots work. It lets people send to a friend's address before they've signed up for the service. This has some dangers. If our servers are compromised these passphrases can be used to gain access to the wallets, but only if the users haven't gone through the "upgrade your security" process and created a new deterministic wallet. We are busy working on multi-factor authorizations based on multiple identity providers including SMS, Twitter, email and more. We think there are ways to keep users fully in control of their own funds, safe from attackers as well as being convenient. It is a tall order but we're ready to take on the challenge.
William Cotton - CTO QuickCoin
@_date: 2014-05-23 17:20:14
For now just head to  on irc.freenode.net while we work out a better solution for support.
We will have someone in there during normal business operating hours for San Francisco, California.
@_date: 2014-05-24 23:42:18
You concerns are completely reasonable. Do you have any suggestions of things that will allow the product to remain as easy as it is to use right now and be more transparent?
We have very valid concerns that unsuspecting people could be tricked in to exposing not only their passphrases but their entire private key. Phishing attacks are real and they are really hard to protect against. 
The thought of losing other people's money is a huge fear of ours. In order to be able to get any sleep at night we're doing everything we can to alleviate those fears. We want to add multi-factor authentication. We don't ever want to store private keys on our servers.
At the same time we want to keep the product easy and pleasant to use.
These two forces do not always align but we're very interested in any suggestions from the community has that could help us figure out how to do the impossible and try and achieve both at the same time!
@_date: 2014-11-13 18:36:05
Can you go in to more details about how data can be stored and retrieved?
Would there be an HTTP REST interface for storing and retrieving data? Where is this data stored? How is it retrieved? Is it replicated? Do you guys run nodes? Do we have to run nodes? Is data stored guaranteed to be retrievable?
@_date: 2014-05-22 18:45:32
QR code scanners with HTML5 are very problematic. The browser doesn't have direct access to the camera on iOS Safari. This means that a static picture needs to be taken and analyzed. Native QR code scanners work by polling the live image data and looking for a match. It normally takes quite a large number of frames to find a match. Doing this a picture at a time is a very frustrating experience for the user! I played around with a number of QR code scanners for HTML5 and none of them were a good experience on my iPhone 4S.
Please tell me I'm wrong and show me a good example, I would love this feature as well! :)
@_date: 2014-05-24 23:56:37
BTW, here's a section from our FAQ (which we're working on right now!):
The client-side software is built on top of Helloblock.io and uses BitcoinJS-lib. All wallets and transactions originate on the client and never on our servers using the same mechanisms found in any other hierarchical deterministic brain wallet. So if you add a passphrase and then promptly forget it there's nothing we can do! This is both a feature and a bug and we are interested in exploring other mechanisms that keep our users in control of their funds while also being very easy and convenient to use. We don't want you to store your life savings in this wallet. Think of it like your real wallet. Just put enough for the day in there. There is a time and place for cold wallets and tight restrictions but that can be less convenient for day-to-day use.
When you first sign up your passphrase is supplied by our servers. This mechanism is similar to how most Bitcoin and Dogecoin tip bots work. It lets people send to a friend's address before they've signed up for the service. This has some dangers. If our servers are compromised these passphrases can be used to gain access to the wallets, but only if the users haven't "upgraded your security". We are busy working on multi-factor authorizations based on multiple identity providers including SMS, Twitter, email and more. We think there are ways to keep users fully in control of their own funds, safe from attackers as well as being convenient. It is a tall order but we're ready to take on the challenge.
William Cotton CTO QuickCoin, Inc
@_date: 2014-10-29 16:15:46
The irony of all this focus on privacy and anonymity is that the Bitcoin blockchain is a shared public ledger.
There are plenty of important social, political and economic reasons to promote the use of public space and public identities.
The same can be said for private spaces and private identities.
The wonderful thing about Bitcoin is that it can be used for both. Waging war against the web, public communication and the centralized trust required to use services like BitPay and Coinbase does not help the adoption of Bitcoin.
Colin is acting out the role of a tragic character in the spread and adoption of Bitcoin. If everyone agreed we would guarantee the tragic end of this technology.
Public and private always rely on each other and are always both necessary. The reason most of us live in a mixed economy is because getting rid of all private property or getting rid of all public property both have disastrous consequences.
The fact that companies are sacrificing the political ideology of pure privacy and anonymity to make Bitcoin easier to adopt for the general public is a good thing. It actually strengthens the long-term success of privacy.
The only tragic characters in your life should be in the stories that you author. You want to write the story of Oedipus, not be the character himself.
@_date: 2014-12-19 18:07:04
BlockSign: 
Proof of Existence:
 I can't find the link but if you convert OP_RETURN to hex values:
The first 16 hex characters are: 444f4350524f4f46
In ASCII this is DOCPROOF.
The remaining 64 hex values are the 32bytes/256bits of a SHA-256 hash.
@_date: 2014-12-19 17:47:45
What about another content addressable scheme like a magnetic URI, possibly one that has a web URL? It's also just a reference but it could easily be somewhere between 80 and 120 bytes.
And even for just a SHA-256 hash it begs the question, if the document is less than the 32 bytes, why not put embed the whole document? What if the document is 140 bytes? Is that OK?
And what if you want the whole document to be permanently available in a open-access public ledger?
Bitmessage is ephemeral. Bittorrents and Freenet are ephemeral. Links rot and disappear. The Internet Archive might go away.
All I'm pointing out is that your suggestions don't cover all use-cases so individuals might still have some need for storing documents directly on the Bitcoin blockchain.
Colored coins and document digests have already opened Pandora's box but I agree that blockchain pollution is an issue for a number of reasons. Perhaps one of the first use-cases for sidechains will be for people to opt-in to hosting data like this, even for just the basic 32 bytes of a SHA-256 hash.
Woodsy Owl says "Give a Hoot! Don't Pollute!"
@_date: 2014-09-27 00:12:29
Too bad it is centralized and doesn't use any crypto...
@_date: 2014-05-27 01:38:47
It's amazing what can be done to increase security by promoting the right behavior and having the right messaging and you're spot on with your assessment.
I really like the bigger, bolder message once larger amounts have come in to the wallet. I'm going to add that card to our Trello board right now! What if the warning scaled with the increasing balance? It's a great behavioral association. I like the way you think!
One thing I've never understood about the CoinBase approach is, can't an attacker just compromise the layer that the web client talks to and issue commands to whatever system is orchestrating the signing of the transaction? How is there not still a single-point of failure on their end? I've always felt that the resources were somewhat wasted in developing a system like theirs. If I'm missing something I would love an explanation!
@_date: 2014-04-17 22:17:32
I see some people suggesting SQRL. While interesting, there is nothing specific about QR codes and Bitcoin. QR codes are just a subset of concerns related to identify providers on the web.
A Bitcoin private key is used to sign a token that verifies the issuer of the token is the owner of the public address. Furthermore, the token could contain information like a username, email address, link to profile image or any other identifying information the user or wallet software agrees to provide. Additional information could be provided by the wallet software using the token for access.
Regardless of the implications of QR codes, adhering to OAuth would help your library achieve industry adoption.
@_date: 2014-05-22 18:11:41
Speaking of, I rolled out a new version just now that fixes that cosmetic oversight! Just in case anyone was wondering, no, it is not possible to send coin when you don't have any and the app will now pleasantly remind you of that fact. :)
@_date: 2014-05-23 17:17:01
Yeah, this is the solution for now!
I'm going to add an additional layer of checking that confirms on the blockchain that the transaction did indeed go through before we tell our servers about the new wallet address.
I've got a few questions as this is something we haven't seen before:
By any chance did you attempt to upgrade your security very shortly after sending coin to the wallet? 
What wallet software did you use to send in to the QuickCoin wallet? 
Can you give an estimated timeline (in minutes if possible) as to when you signed up, when you sent funds to the original account, and when you upgraded your account?
@_date: 2015-07-13 14:04:26
If your servers get hacked they could be modified to serve up code to steal people's funds.
If you have another site checking the code to see if it has been modified, well, the attacker could just make sure to keep sending in the unmodified code to the site that is checking.
The only way to handle this issue is to make it so the browser will never load from the server using an approach similar to this:
Substack has just started working with us at Blockai on an open source client-side Bitcoin web wallet that will be deployed based on his hyperboot system and we'll have more to show and talk about in the next few weeks. We'll make sure to make any announcements to this subreddit.
Regardless of if future developers need a Bitcoin wallet running in hyperboot, the resulting open source tools will make it easy for anyone to deploy applications that take advantage of hyperboot. 
Exciting times for crypto on the most free and open platform for running software on the planet!
@_date: 2015-09-21 22:57:09
It depends, hopefully the device's API would support protocols like this: 
What you're describing doesn't rely on the 21 Bitcoin Computer device, rather that their device supports protocols like Open Publish.
What this device would help with would be getting some initial Bitcoin to cover the fees to post Open Publish transactions to the blockchain, having a local copy of the blockchain to parse Open Publish registrations and transfers, and to have a physical device that contains the keys that represent the wallet thare are used to sign Bitcoin transactions.
Hopefully they have a very open access API! I'm going to buy a device and play around with it.
@_date: 2015-09-21 22:59:31
Very true, all that a software client needs to do is implement a protocol like Open Publish and they'll be able to register digital content on the blockchain and transfer ownership of digital assets that represent that content.