@_author: williammook
@_date: 2013-05-17 01:49:11
So a denominator of 1.02 and a price of $114 means you buy at 111.76 and what you buy you sell at $116.28 making $4.52 each time you traverse the interval in an upward direction.  It also means you make 0.04044 btc each time you traverse the interval in the downward direction.  Every time you complete an oscillation you have 4% growth of the amount involved no matter how you measure it.  
This also serves to dampen movement.
What if you 'break through 116.28?  Well, you have another interval set up at 118.61 with $114.00 as the new low - and oscillate there for a while.  Fact is, you can create an interval with 3 or 4 two percent steps and be pretty certain you won't run outside the interval before you run out of money or bitcoins - and earn 1% per day.    
@_date: 2013-07-10 08:29:57
haha - that's alright, you and Bob Dobbs, along with Ward Cleaver, can take a break.  That is, after all, what you subgenius types do best.   
@_date: 2013-05-17 01:38:09
I have a simple algo I recommend to others.  Its based on something I learned in an advanced calculus class a few years ago.  Basically, an infinite sum of any power series sums to a finite number.  That is add
1 + 1/2 + 1/4 + 1/8 + 1/16 + 1/32 + ... + 1/(2^n)  
where n=0 to infinity
and you'll see the sum is 2.  If its 1.05 instead of 2 in the denominator you get a sum of 20 instead of 2 for example.  Denominator of 1.02 instead of 2 sums to 50.
Anyway, if you have a bitcoin you bought at $100 and sell 1/2 at $200 1/4 at $400 1/8 at $800 you'll be able to do this forever and every time the price doubled you'd get your $100 back and still have enough bitcoins to make money as it rose to infinity.
Similarly, if you have $100 and buy 1 bitcoin at $50, 1 bitcoin at $25, 1 bitcoin at $12.50, 1 bitcoin at $6.25, and so forth, you can buy all the bitcoins as the price falls to zero, getting 1 more bitcoin every time the price drops in half.
Each time you get a bitcoin you can offer it for twice what you bought it for.  Each time you get $100 you offer to buy more bitcoins for half what you bought it for.  
In this way no matter where the bitcoin goes in price, you're ahead either in dollars or bitcoins.
Of course changing the denominator from 2 to 1.05 to 1.02 changes the sum from 2 to 20 to 50 for the infinite series.  It also increases the rate at which you turn over money.  haha - you need calculus of variations and a good statistical model derived from trading to determine optimal values - but I've been getting 1% per day post crash using this approach.  
If everyone uses it any attempt at manipulation will result in money or bitcoins going into long term holder's pockets and stabilize the price.
@_date: 2013-07-09 22:46:00
We can no more do without the ability to make unbreakable promises with one another and properly account for it, than we can have a rational conversation by merely telling people to read a book!  lol.
In today's world, if you really and truly like a book, you need to post a video or ten about it, without pulling any punches or shaving or twisting anything.  
I mean, we need a Kahn Academy approach to *everything* (including real history if we can ever figure out what's up with that).  
But I digress...
Fact is, I have read Hayek and Sennholz, Krugman and others if truth be told.  
I would also suggest Minsky and Keen with special attention on Keen since he's an economist doing something important today.  Look at what Keen is trying to do with his  Minsky Project.  Cryptocurrencies can truly help create an integrated approach.
Here's a good intro to Keen.
This really spoke to me because of my background in aerospace engineering.  Engineers use the same kind of math to describe fluid flows and get rules like, in an compressible fluid velocity of a flow field is related to pressure, stuff like that.
Fact is, money flow affects prices every bit as much as aggregate money supply and just as you can have different fluid flow rates join together in a cycle with different pressures, so too can you have different rates of flow join together with changing prices.
Fact is, a real unit of value like gold, or silver or bitcoin, or litecoin, is only one piece of a real economy.  The other is how to tie this to human creativity and the expenditure of time and talent in the least restrictive way?  
To me the answer always seemed that as Sennholz writes, fiat currency is perfectly okay, as long as those who are issuing it are responsible for it ultimately in gold.  Put differently, we can make a promise and gain access to the economy, as long as we are liable to fulfil that promise.
Ideally, our ability to make promises, and the ability of others to redeem them should proceed emergently.  
I've been thinking how to make promises with bitcoins and how to redeem them and create things that are enforceable by their nature, without reference to any third party.  
Looking at history, particularly Bill Still's "The Money Masters" we come across the Talley Stick.  This was a system of fiat currency that was tied directly back to the folks making the promises, backed by land or some other real asset.  
A person with nothing more than their labour should be able to make promises in a way that causes his or her employment, if not already employed, and once employed, their promises should automatically by the nature of the objects that encoded the promises, should be redeemed without reference to any third party.  
This sounds impossible when you say it, but when you look at Keen's analysis, and then at what's possible with bitcoins and other cryptocurrencies, and with physical hashing functions generally, then the answer becomes clear - haha - at least to someone who's studied fluid flows.  
More here
So, what's a dollar then, in this system?  I say if we call a dollar equal to 100 seconds of someone's time and attention, then we can say that a person's labour is worth something like $3.6 million or 100,000 hours of useful time and attention over their lives.
The 100,000 hours comes from a person working from the age of 18 to 68 for 40 hours a week 50 weeks a year.  Some people will work more, some less, but this is generally what we can expect in fully employed population.  Now everyone need not work this hard, its just how hard we've been trained to work.  If we account for the flow of labour irrespective of how its accounted for in dollars, we find that only 8% of the labour actually ends up in the pockets of those doing the work.  In short, people generally get to keep only enough to life hand to mouth, while most of the wealth flows away from them.
This is the true driving force behind any political movement for change.  It's also what gives the ruling oligarchy the tools to manage population.  These tools need to be in the hands of each person so they benefit from their own efforts first and foremost.
Anyone familiar with the history of the Social Darwinists, Francis Galton and the Eugenics movement realizes that there is a ruling oligarchy, and that they fancy themselves as defenders of the earth.  That from about 1800 to 2000 they sought to limit population growth and after 2000 they are seeking to reduce population.  This is done primarily by controlling primary resources for industry and that's done by controlling the money supply.
The point is we have the means to build an emergent system that's totally free and avoids excessive concentrations of wealth.    
But I digress.
Any unit of account should allow folks to be free to fairly trade with one another their useful time attention and talents.  Children should be able to trade without insterest, their future value to the economy.  (this sends shudders of fear through the Social Darwinists who see the primary role of money as a means to limit population)  Elderly should be able to rest upon their accumulated contributions to society.  Those with big ideas should be able to freely convince others to risk a portion of their wealth to give that idea a chance at coming to fruition.  
Bitcoin has much to recommend it as a first step.  It is not the entire system however.  Its the beginning, and we need much to do.  
The cool part is, with the right people, we can get 'er done in about 90 days I figure, and make it freely available across the internet.  Once done, no one would go to a bank or an exchange desk anywhere in the world.  That's because everyone would have their needs met emergently by a reliable application they run on their own machine, verified by other machines running their applications.  
@_date: 2013-05-19 23:55:13
Bitcoin is a digital currency invented by Mochizuki
based on a 1997 innovation by Adam Back (hashcash)
Whose early development was supported by a wide range of researchers at universities throughout the world - as shown by a detailed examination of the genesis block.
Now, its important to realize what bitcoin is and what it is not.  Bitcoin is a currency.  It is not a financial system nor is it a system of governance.  
It is the building block upon which a new financial system can be built.  This is based on using bitcoin as a unit of value in a distributed system of making unbreakable promises that are fairly mediated by software.  This allows emergent markets to form beyond the control or misuse by anyone.  
This can then emerge as a system of emergent governance by putting the bitcoins and promises in the context of each person's life and value system.  
The cool part is this can take place not as the result of some revolution but by developing and working out the details of an appropriate app and distributing it across every handset laptop and desktop on the planet, and allowing people to freely adopt it and use it to meet their needs.
WIth a crowd sourcing effort we could have this done in 90 days and withdraw our support of legacy systems of money, finance and governance.
We will achieve what Buckminster Fuller said 50 years ago, innovation is the only lasting act of rebellion.
@_date: 2013-07-11 09:20:12
Thanks.  I appreciate the comment.  
Its interesting that by giving the world bitcoin, one or at most two mathematicians shook generations of selfish acquisition to its core.  
That's an important finding.
Continuing in this vein its clear a handful of dedicated and talented people, working toward giving away an emergent and peer to peer banking and trading systems built on bitcoin concepts, could in 90 days build a better world and relegate banking, insurance, finance, and trading systems to the trash heap of history - freeing humanity from its servitude.