@_author: willem0
@_date: 2011-06-03 15:22:02
Makes sense. Would you rather have a sandwich today and tomorrow, or wait and have 2.5 sandwiches tomorrow? Would you prefer to watch the superbowl on a flatscreen this year, or wait and be able to afford a slightly better model next year? 
People already face these types of decisions in light of accelerating technologies, and by and large, people go ahead and buy the current state of the art, even knowing the something better will come along a year or two later.
@_date: 2011-06-04 04:59:52


There's no reason to suppose this. In general there would always be competing currencies, some of which might be more inflationary. 


BtC is continually *inflating*. It's only the case that it might be inflating slower than competing currencies and therefore might appear to be deflationary, but actually it is just less inflationary. In both cases, one's wealth would be eroded, leading to a "flight to safety" (i.e. stimulating investments), resulting in a *lowering* of the barrier, though you're correct that the barrier in fiat currency would (in general) be lowered even further, resulting in the apparent effect that the BtC barrier has been raised.
Keep in mind that one can always convert BtC to make a cash investment, so I'm not sure what the problem is. Also, keep in mind that it is far from guaranteed that the value of bitcoins will grow monotonically.
@_date: 2011-05-26 13:09:24
This is one of the better articles I've seen. It gives as much detail as possible without being too jargon-rich.
@_date: 2011-06-03 23:38:41
I designate 2^20 * (smallest unit) as the kongbuck in honor of Snow Crash. One kongbuck is currently about 15 cents.
@_date: 2011-06-19 22:53:45
They've temporarily disabled trading anyway.
@_date: 2011-05-26 12:52:07


It will be a cost of business to stock more than they can sell (opportunity cost), but it is also a cost of business to understock and run the risk of a shortage. They face this tradeoff even currently. A friend of mine is in the process of saving Home Depot millions by helping them predict demand more precisely.


You can give them the option to accept either payment in dollars where they will receive a "raise" every year, or in BTC where they receive a "pay cut" every year.
@_date: 2011-06-21 01:53:18
Thanks Kevin (if you're reading this). I appreciate your willingness to come forward, but I have to question the timing and motivation for your disclosure just as I have to question Mt. Gox's, because it seems that, like Mt. Gox, you might not be entirely candid and forthright either. 
Could it be possible that Mt. Gox asked you to return the hundreds of bitcoins, and that you refused, and that when they pressed the issue, that you decided to come forward to rally support from the other lucky buyers of stolen goods to your cause? To lay these and related fears to rest, and in the interest of full disclosure, would you mind posting all correspondence with Mt. Gox? Thanks.
@_date: 2011-06-05 15:01:44


Think about this for a moment. Think of how many bitcoins you'd have to sell to make the price drop by 10% (a thousand roughly, losing on average 5% on this gambit). Is the 10% discount on hardware really worth the hit you took on the thousand bitcoins you just sold?
@_date: 2011-06-23 01:58:58
Great food for thought! There is definitely an intriguing appeal about a decentralized justice system that appeals to me about this. The blacklisted or "marked" coins could still be circulated at perhaps at a lower value.
The bitcoin client could notify the recipient when marked coins are received. This does not imply the sender is the thief, but it could make it more difficult for the actual thief or their associates to trade out the stolen loot.
Each business could decide whether or not it would accept each blacklisted coin. The exchanges could still facilitate buys and sells of the marked coins, but they could trade at a lower value than unmarked coins given that they are not universally accepted. There could even be a reverse effect where some people (read: evil hackers) place a higher value of coins involved in an intriguing high-profile theft (after all, they are just as rare).
Also, there could be some controversy as to whether or not the coins should be considered stolen or not (as recent events have illustrated). One could imagine several independent groups that evaluated whether or not a theft had taken place who may have differing opinions. Each business could decide whether or not it would accept each marked coin.
@_date: 2011-06-04 18:26:47
Correct. The FAQ was only responding to the critics who incorrectly state that bitcoins were deflationary. It's exhausting having semantic debates such as these, and they probably just were saying, "Call it whatever you want to call it... so what?"
@_date: 2011-06-23 03:17:33
One doesn't even need all businesses to participate in the boycott. If even a few do, it will make coins less valuable due to their diminished future use. A coin that is universally usable is more valuable than one that is accepted at most places.
@_date: 2011-06-03 23:17:22
Sure. People who want to short the bitcoin market can take a loan in bitcoins, convert to cash or gold or whatever, then convert back to pay off their debt, hoping that their dollars or gold have become more valuable relative to bitcoin.
@_date: 2011-06-04 13:37:35
Deflation was built into google stock too, those poor guys...
@_date: 2011-06-23 03:22:32
The blacklist could be more of a selective boycott. See below.
@_date: 2011-06-23 03:14:45
This doesn't have to be centralized either. Independent groups can decide whether or not to mark coins stolen, and reputable businesses can select the most (in their opinion) reputable list of marked coins to boycott.
It's worth considering more than a flippant dismissal.
@_date: 2011-06-05 00:53:57
That's pretty much not what I'm saying at all. I'm pretty sure the prices will continue to fluctuate relative to bitcoin even after the cap is reached.
Deflation is a ["contraction in the volume of available money or credit that results in a general decline in prices"]( In a fractional reserve system, the base can expand and contract. However, in this case, the monetary base simply expands up to a point where it is more or less neutral (modulo currency destruction, etc.). If you're saying that (relatively speaking) bitcoins are *more* deflationary than the dollar, that's fine, but in absolute terms, it's closer to being neutral. Or are you saying that the dollar is neither inflationary nor deflationary (that the dollar is neutral and bitcoins are deflationary)?
Also keep in mind that a decrease in prices is natural and proper as gains in efficiency are made. When I can harvest more apples per unit of manual labor, it only makes sense that the cost of apples would go down. This isn't a "growing economy" (whatever that means), it's a market gain in efficiency.
@_date: 2011-06-04 17:17:57
Agreed, not to mention traditional banking if they managed to take it by surprise.
@_date: 2011-06-02 21:58:00
The bitcoin supply *is* inflating. In fact, they will continue to inflate at a rate greater than 10% per year for the next several years. It's only because of the way the words are conflated that bitcoins are deemed deflationary.


This is actually one of the features I would prefer to see, for the first two reasons you listed, among others.


Spend your dollars. Save your bitcoins. (This will ensure that the velocity of money achieves its maximal rate... which is good for the dollar economy... or something...) When you run out of dollars, convert some bitcoins. Bitcoins are useful as non-eroding wealth-markers. 
Also, if you buy more bitcoins every time you use them to keep your supply at a constant level, you have the net effect of transacting in cash, but with additional benefits, so the tendency to hoard doesn't seem as great as you suggest.
@_date: 2011-06-19 18:16:15
Either it was a hack, or a massive dump by someone who wanted to plunge the market, and didn't mind taking a loss.
This was my conspiracy-theory-esque prediction from earlier:




@_date: 2011-06-03 14:16:56
The bitcoin supply does not decrease. The only thing decreasing is the rate of inflation.
The effective value is multiplied by what values? Mining rates and the number of bitcoin users? I don't think you understand how supply and demand curves work.


False. The value of bitcoins can go down as well as up, and there is a very real possibility that bitcoins tank and drop to zero. As they say, "On a long enough timeline, the survival rate for everyone drops to zero." (Of course, dollars will eventually die too.) A risk-averse person may not want to have more than 5% of their wealth (say) tied up in bitcoins. Some people are less averse and wouldn't mind having 20%. Regardless, this is an example of why bitcoin holders would want to draw down their assets to reduce currency risk either by spending them or converting back into cash.
@_date: 2011-06-05 02:24:26
...from the "Social Network" era. They had substantial equity before they had profitability. People invest in future potential. Sometimes they get it wrong. Maybe they're getting it wrong with bitcoin too. Time will tell...
@_date: 2011-06-05 14:17:08
Generally, economists accepted that there was no housing bubble. Again, keep in mind that prices naturally fall over the long run. Unless you are expanding the money supply in which case they either remain constant or grow slightly depending on how fast the monetary base grows. 
If it really is best for the economy to expand the monetary base at 7% per year so that prices increase 2% per year, then let's look at an alternative currency as an experiment to make sure we're not passing up a better way.


Then let's debate the evil effects of falling prices under a capped currency, instead of calling it deflation. Also, keep in mind that prices can go up or down relative to bitcoins, even after the cap is reached. There may be periods where people would be enticed to "hoard" their dollars, the way the deleveraging squeeze for dollars happened in late 2008, causing stock and asset prices to drop, and enticing new investors from the bitcoin community who don't have to scramble to meet any reserve-ratio requirements under the traditional banking system. Bitcoins may be under-inflating (I don't mind that term) by a predictable 5% per year, meaning their value relative to the dollar would in the long run increase 5% per year (all else constant), but it might be a wild roller coaster ride in the near term.
@_date: 2011-06-21 13:00:59
Fair enough, thanks again!
@_date: 2011-06-04 17:39:15
There were [two precipitous jumps]( in the last 48 hours, presumably from the same person (at the same time of day too). If you manage to figure out who that is, you could ask them directly why they bought so many. I have no idea.
@_date: 2013-04-21 19:11:45
First, try to be mindful that bitcoin is a global currency, and this is a U.S. centric post.
Secondly, I think you're putting the cart before the horse. The price is a function of how widespread its usage is, not the other way around. 
Thirdly, the price is less than $500/BC and it's surviving just fine right now. As long as the currency itself doesn't break, it will find a variety of uses.
But yes, I agree with your general point that if bitcoin becomes competitive with currencies such as the Euro, Yuan, USD, etc. it will have a market cap in the trillions instead of billions.