@_author: wilyouaskthequestion
@_date: 2019-02-08 10:26:23
the banks have a mechanism to prevent transactions that would overdraw your account. the fact that it is not used is a troublesome problem that needs to be scrutinized. it should not be legal for them to willingly permit such overdrawing transactions with the intent of charging the extra fee.
@_date: 2019-04-20 09:31:09
i disagree with the notion that if we accept banks, there's no need for crypto to exist. banks in the traditional sense, in the same way real money in a traditional sense, will be fundamentally changed by blockchain type currencies. banks in the current form, are a necessary component to maintaining and furthering our economy, but that's because our system was built from the ground up that way. A new system is slowly being built. In my opinion, based on my ideals and what I've come to understand about economics, is that Bitcoin and crypto are the viable alternative to our current monetary system. The dam has broken, its now a matter of when. I do agree with you though, i don't see a sudden revolution occurring, but rather a moderately paced evolution of the way money is issued and spent.
@_date: 2019-04-20 05:50:55
Cryptocurrency as a payment technology can be easily be used as a solution for large corporate entities. The banks can be the managers of the accounts making sure all is being received and paid correctly with automation but there is no reason a company like amazon couldn't switch to crypto as a payment method for their employees. The problem is we lack infrastructure and adoption so there's no practical reason to do such a thing.
@_date: 2019-04-20 06:21:24
You're using the term real money. Do you not feel that crypto is real money? Why do you feel that real money is real? Crypto built on blockchain tech can certainly function and effectively replace "real" money, but in order for that we need to have a consensus as a civilization. Widespread adoption will be the best way to reach that consensus. Properly implemented, cryptocurrency can do everything the real money you're referring to can do, and more. Theres no reason for banks to have to go away, just their methods and practices will adjust to the new technology. A big problem with our real money is it's issuance from a central arbitrary authority. Research the federal reserve and learn why, and perhaps you won't be referring to it as a conspiracy anymore.
@_date: 2019-05-19 01:23:19
When using deadly force, how would you prefer it to be applied?
@_date: 2019-05-03 07:25:28
this was the response i was looking for.