@_author: wind_dude
@_date: 2018-11-22 03:12:47
Fuck that logic is so flawed. Why would you want a currency with no purchasing power. If something has no purchasing power it has no value as a currency, if you can't use it it's not even a currency. And it's not a store of value because it has no value.


Wrong. You can mine them, you can provide a good or service in exchange for bitcoin, you can be gifted them, or you can liberate them. Even in 2040's when they're all btc are in circulation, you still need miners to verify transactions, or node operators if you switch to POS, they need to earn transaction fees.


If everyone is hoarding, even when all bitcoins are in circulation, it become useless bits of computer data. Miners would earn any transaction fees so no one would mine, the network would collapse.


That's just a straight up contradiction, hoarding is the opposite of a means of exchange.


Yes, belief in bitcoin improves the bitcoin network, but holding is not belief. More computing power, more decentralization, and more utility, improves Bitcoin and there forethe value. The main purpose of bitcoin was to be a decentralized digital currency, it's not a currency until it's adopted and used as a currency.
Everything about that article was so wrong, I really hope it was written and posted sarcastically.
The overwhelming heard mentality of hodlrs has in large part contributed to the most recent bubble and subsequent crashes. For bitcoin or any other crypto currency to have true value beyond speculation it needs to be accepted as a means of exchange, in other words accepted as a currency. So fucking use it, spend it.
@_date: 2018-11-20 21:20:31
Without people spending bitcoin it's fundamentally worthless.
@_date: 2018-11-23 05:45:00
I fully agree aspects of bitcoin have become dangerously centralized.
@_date: 2018-11-15 06:26:56
What makes you think it closer to working as a currency than ever before?
It's a terrible currency outside of ecommerce because transaction times too slow. And don't get me started on the lightning network, it's just another layer on an onion. A technology change to the core (POS) would address the technical hurdles to adoption a lot more efficiently. Miners have to much invested and too large a stake to allow that to happen to bitcoin. 
Looking at bitcoin usage in ecommerce it's a much scarier scenario, but also easier to abstract, because the data doesn't lie. Ecommerce transactions volume has fallen drastically according to the top processors, stripe dropped it last year. (source:  5 Years ago the payment provider I worked for looked at introducing it as a method of payment but decided against it.
Bitcoin is failing or even failed as a currency. Without drastic and precise action from the community, which is extremely unlikely, I'm writing off it's long term potential.
This doesn't mean crypto currency has failed. Casper looks promising, but it will probably be a messy adoption, with several hard forks, volatility and coming later than ideal. Elixxir.io looks extremely promising, it's all going to depend on initial tokenomics, and the licensing when it's released. Not to mention timing, the beta net isn't available yet.
@_date: 2018-11-23 03:59:14
Sure it may be faster, but it's fundamentally flawed in that it lacks what is supposed to make bitcoin great. The lightning network, is not trustless, not permissionless, open to censorship and not decentralized. It's a patchwork on top of a system that has scalability flaws with stubborn parties unwilling to innovate or accept innovation.
@_date: 2018-11-23 00:22:58
You're entitled to your opinion, I think you're and idiot. I'll continue to refute you.  I'm sure you will put together some illogical ramblings and insults. I'm having fun.


Bitcoin is not gold. Gold had value before it was used as a currency because it's tangible, useful and stable. No logical argument can be made that  bitcoin will be adopted like bitcoin. You're second statement is nothing but a conclusion with no valid premise.


Perhaps incoherent is the wrong word, I can comprehend your ramblings, but they are illogical and unjustified.


Bitcoin was fundamentally intended as a payment mechanism, it's the first line in satoshi's original white paper. "A purely peer-to-peer version of electronic cash would allow online payments to be sent directly from one party to another without going through a financial institution." How does bitcoin give you a new central bank? Bitcoin could render central banks useless if it become the dominant method of payment. A central bank is an state institution, Bitcoin cannot be a new central bank. Perhaps you could make the case that bitcoin is as a mechanism of money transfer, but that's not what you chose to argue.


Being a good idea unfortunately no longer means it will be adopted. Miners who control the hashrate and have a lot of power will likely never accept a PoS algorithm. To achieve satoshi's vision bitcoin needs to make drastic changes to reach sufficient acceptance so that it will function as a method of payment. Bitcoin is not doing fine, it's highly volatile, transactions are slow and expensive, eCommerce transaction volume has dropped significantly, it's inefficient to verify blocks, mining has become highly centralized through asics and pools, alt coins are plentiful, governments are trying to crack down, and numerous individuals are working on addressing Bitcoins shortcomings by creating new bloackchains. This disputes one of the early theories that people be motivated by stake to develop and enhance bitcoin rather than launching their own blockchain. Thus bitcoin can easily be disrupted.


I wasn't aware that Bitcoin success was akin the laws of gravity. I'm being sarcastic, no one in sound mind would accept certainty of any outcome except relating to universal law. Economic outcomes have infinite variables, Bitcoin is not universal law. Additionally, you conclude all other currencies will fail. This is in contradiction with you first argument of gold becoming a dominant form of currency suggesting that bitcoin will be like gold, this should mean that there should also be a silver equivalent to Bitcoin.
Feel free to respond, I'll gladly decimate your appeals to ignorance, and light you on fire like your straw man arguments. I'm sure you'll slide down the same slippery slope bitcoin climbed. There's no ride back up, the bandwagon has collapsed under the weight of the hodlrs.
@_date: 2018-11-27 02:42:21
A good idea, that looks good in principal, but I'm afraid the majority of people are in it for short term gain and intrinsic motivation, and not interested in the ideologies. Unfortunately there isn't yet a platform that offers high speed trading that's truly decentralized, so this leaves a what is probably a large portion of funds exclusive to exchanges.
A crash to near zero of all crypto currencies will definitely clear out the space.
@_date: 2018-11-22 18:22:39
Is it too late to claim that I am trying to coin the term "heard mentality"? As in; "I heard it on reddit", "I heard it from so an do", "I heard it from coinbase", "I heard it on [cryptositespewingbullishbullshit.com]( You can even correlate "heard mentality" to "herd mentality" .
@_date: 2018-11-23 02:40:10
gold has utility and and therefore fundamental value. People need to stop making the comparison of bitcoin can replace gold it can't. Bitcoin cannot conduct electricity on circuits, Bitcoin can't reflect heat on billion dollar spaceships and multimillion dollar hyper cars. In fact bitcoin can't do anything except facilitate the movement of money or theoretically be accepted as a method of payment if the majority are in agreement.
@_date: 2018-11-15 05:47:38
Yes, Bitcoin is falling, or trending down. What is more worrying is it's failing as a currency, as originally intended by its creators.
@_date: 2018-11-18 01:51:45
The quick answer, social engineering, attacking fast and hard before you're exposed. Long answer look at the first answer on the stackexchange thread
@_date: 2018-11-15 07:12:38
Depends on investment strategy and goals. Dollar cost averaging works great for long term investment like retirement savings, where you're near certain the value will trend up.
Dollar cost averaging only works if you think the long term trend will be up. Crypto currency might be too high risk for dollar cost averaging depending on who you ask. It's widely accepted you could lose it all with crypto currency.
@_date: 2018-11-22 22:20:36
That was nothing but pure bullshit.


Bitcoin isn't a hard currency, and arguably not a soft currency or even currency. Even if this is an absolute rule, it either, has no relevance to bitcoin, or it means the USD would always win in competition to bitcoin.


Based on what? How is it going to destroy them? Bitcoin is inanimate and incapable of attacking something.


You absolutely do need to convince me and everyone, or a majority of people. That's the only way a speculative asset, what bitcoin has become, can gain value. You need to convincing people to buy it for more than you spent, or more than you think it's worth. Incoherent ramblings and invalid arguments, spouting bullshit don't convince anyone, or anyone for long enough to make it sustainable.
Bitcoins value is that it introduced a new technology and new way of thinking about the security and principals of your money. A problem arises that most people haven't adhered or care about the original principals. Centralisation is rampant, including wallets, mining power, and exchanges. Exchanges have led to it's deterioration as pseudonymous. It's viewed as a way to get rich, not as a medium of exchange. Many of the same fiat institutions and flaws satoshi wanted to disrupt have made their way into the bitcoin market.
Many of the underlying technology principals introduced by bitcoin can and will have a tremendous impact on the ways we govern, conduct business, and hopefully monetary institutions, all while benefiting the greatest number of people. Unfortunately that does not make the Bitcoins you hold more valuable.
Even the open source principal hasn't been adopted or contributed like originally hoped. Few people contribute to the source code, and not a lot has changed. For technology to succeed it needs to continue to innovate, and respond to the changing market. Changes to the core should have prevented the centralisation of mining efforts. Further core changes to the core should have enhanced the privacy. No where did satoshi say the fundamentals need to stay the same. In fact the opposite occurred, the ability to fork is part of bitcoin, and allows miners and holders to vote with their mining power and adoption.
I really hope a decentralised and opensource  crypto currency becomes main stream. But I do not believe it will be bitcoin. There is a probability that Bitcoin will bubble again, enough that I still have a small percentage, it's FOMO. But there is a higher probability that it falls further with the chance of not recovering. And if it bubbles again, there's an absolute certainty that it will crash again.
@_date: 2018-11-27 01:59:50
I wouldn't say any project... but yes lot of projects and apps use third party packages without auditing them.
Here's a great post from a awhile ago about how prevelant the issue is, and how easy the attack can be [
It's very important that users of crypto currency take security very seriously. This has been talked about since the early days, and I'm sure is mentioned in some of the earliests posts about bitcoin, both from satoshi and other.
@_date: 2018-11-22 16:03:32
Irrational Market Theory, the same reason it spiked is the same reason it crashed. The problem is no one can say what it's value actually is, so you adopt a herd and or heard mentality.
@_date: 2018-11-22 16:34:14
Thanks, probably a typo or me not thinking. Sometimes I think I'm a bit dyslexic, especially when typing English language, although it's my first language, and only language other than programming languages. lol Possibly a bit of CTE doesn't help either.
@_date: 2018-11-17 02:43:58
anyone who's used a slingshot knows the band eventual snaps and hits you in the face.
@_date: 2018-11-23 06:38:35
Gold may be overvalued, I agree with you there, but it's over valued for the same reasons bitcoin is, speculation and hype. Jewelry has use as a form of art, outward display of wealth, and since gold has actual practical uses there is some minimum baseline value for your jewelry, this is why it's a store of value.
Bitcoin has a baseline of zero. It has no utility other than as a method of payment. So it value needs to come from adoption and usage as a currency. 
@_date: 2018-11-22 04:06:57
If everyone hodls it's worthless. For the love of bitcoin stop propagating that bullshit. Start promoting it as a crypto currency, promote it's usage, and use it you pussy.
@_date: 2018-11-23 06:44:25
Probably not. But a layer on the bitcoin network does. And if the tx doesn't than why use it other than novelty?
@_date: 2018-11-23 06:28:47
Whats the rest of the list? I'll give you scarcity is arguably true, but not an absolute. You can't create more gold. You can create more bitcoin, if someone wanted to they can change the core , if enough miners started to use this, bam more bitcoins, you may have multiple forks, but no guarantee the fork with 21m btc will be dominant. It unlikely, but becoming more likely as mining efforts become centralized. Alternatively other crypto currencies can offer the same or superior functionality and utility as bitcoin, thus it's not scarce because it's functionality and properties can easily be replicated.
@_date: 2018-11-15 05:41:38
"The most probable cause of downturn in cryptos is the upcoming BCH hard fork."
This is so wrong I don't even know where to begin. No, the most probable cause of downturn in cryptos is not the upcoming BCH hard fork.
"Let´s discuss how it affects Bitcoin."
Sure, a bitcoin cash hard fork doesn't affect the value of bitcoin in any predictable or significant way.
@_date: 2018-11-15 06:38:48
Did they read tea leaves? That's probably as accurate as any other method for that time period.
And what comes after the bear market? A absolute crash to zero, a bull market, or something else?
@_date: 2018-11-23 16:52:21
did you even read what I wrote, or look at the source shared? over 70% in tangible uses if  including jewlery.  just look at the link [
@_date: 2018-11-23 02:43:32
Yes hodlers may slow a steeper decline in bear markets, but they are also the reason for the bubbles, and have slowed the adoption. They don't contribute anything.
On the other side those hodlers aren't contributing anything when bitcoin needs adoption to survive long term and can value other than a speculative value. If every single person hodled, no one would mine, the network would collapse. Your bits of data formerly known as bitcoin would be worthless.
You're also basing this that bitcoin is the absolute best solution, and thus the supply is fixed. There will always be something better to come along and the supply increase, and demand decreases for Bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-11-22 03:22:13


Way to go! That is fucking awesome! I wish more people had the balls or supply chain in place to make that possible, myself included. That type of thought is what will really make bitcoin or any crypto currency adopted and valuable. We need more of this!
@_date: 2018-11-22 20:46:48
lol. edited to reflect both positions. :)
@_date: 2018-11-23 02:54:09
It only needs that if you're in it for the gains, not the benefit of a decentralized and distributed currency. A collapse to near zero followed but a flatline would be good. It would scare most hodlers and speculators away. It would flushout asic miners allowing the core to be rewritten and the algorithm changed.
@_date: 2018-11-23 03:37:06
I don't know the break down by heart, so i looked it up, rather than pulling random facts from the air with no source. Here's the stats [ If you include jewelry that's 70% of the gold demand per year going towards a use. Thats 70% more demand for a tangible use than bitcoin.
Also that 7.8T value you use is the total value of all gold ever mined, from a valuation in a 2017. Not the value of gold in circulation.
Bitcoin is not a new gold, replacement for gold, or alternative to gold. You're free to believe otherwise, but you would be wrong.
@_date: 2018-11-22 20:56:49


how does an understanding of  the competing theories of money, allow you attribute a monetary value to something that may or may not be a currency/money? It might help attribute value in terms of importance or usefulness , but not monetary value.
If you do know it's true value, share it, and provide research and support for it's valuation. You provide nothing of value in your comment. Shits like you are the reason for bubbles, mass speculation, and the reason  propagation of bull shit works. If you had anything else to offer you should have offered it. All yours lets hear what you have to say.
@_date: 2018-11-15 06:49:00
Yes, it's easy to use online, but as a merchant it's highly risky because of the volatility. And nearly every ecommerce site supporting bitcoin and others uses a centralized gateway. Not how it was intended. It is a positive that more people have created gateways, but it's not as decentralized as it should be. The ideal scenario with bitcoin is every merchant is running a full node and acts as their own gateway.
It is anything but instant. It's insanely slow 10 to 20 minutes isn't instant. To reach mass adoption it needs to process 10's of thousands of transactions per second. 
Awareness doesn't relate to currency, everyone's heard about the Venezuelan bolívares fuertes, but it's a terrible currency because of hyper inflation.
As I mentioned in my previous comment the volume of ecommerce transactions have drop significantly. That's crucial data pointing to it's failure.
Yes there are lots of ways to that it could be loaded onto credit cards, and pay passes, but these transactions would all be off chain, and in current system they would be decentralized. Even if that transaction happens on another decentralized network, that network makes bitcoin worthless. It's value is derived from what people will pay for it. If it's not a valuable as currency it has no value.
@_date: 2018-11-15 06:33:51
agreed, but the haters gonna down vote. The better crypto currencies are yet to come. 
One thing that is important to remember is bitcoin is technology and as technology it's inherently prone to technological disruption. This applies to all crypto currencies.
@_date: 2018-11-23 16:48:53
Closest would be Politics and International business. But I'm a software developer.
@_date: 2018-11-23 00:28:01
I'll even help you, [
@_date: 2018-12-24 16:49:30
energy consumption
speed relative to security
high barrier to entry
centralization through mining pools
inflexibility for the miner
with non-asic resistant PoW you also have:
highest barrier to entry
high probability of backdoors in specialized hardware
highest level of inflexibility for the miner
@_date: 2018-12-24 16:42:10
All crypto will be broken at some point. All individual crypto currencies will fail at some point to be replaced by the next best thing. It's a cycle, esspecially when you have new developers, that have nothing to gain from developing for the bitcoin network. I believe they will be intrinsically motivated to disrupt, just as satoshi was motivated to disrupt. We already see this with existing altcoins. Developers creating new projects rather than contributing to bitcoin. It's only a matter of time before one is superior to bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-12-22 17:03:37
the fact this is downvoted shows how many people don't understand the true nature of bitcoin and decentralization.
@_date: 2018-12-23 00:34:26
I thought better was self explanatory. However by better, I mean faster, fully anonymous, scalable, while maintaining the positive aspects bitcoin aimed to provide, decentralization, distribution, and a low barrier to entry.
You have some interesting points, the one that sticks out for me is


Can you elaborate on why you think bitcoin does and can continue to attract the highest quality devs? I'm believe the opposite, although bitcoin has the first move advantage, the newer highest quality devs have nothing staked in the network, and less to gain developing for bitcoin, than another crypto or their own. Bitcoin seems to have other restrictions as well, and be somewhat blind to the flaws of the PoW algorithm, even worse stuck with an algorithm that is only feasible on asics. I do not see this changing.
@_date: 2018-12-22 17:01:42
why can't you use the name bitcoin? Of course you can, nothing stops you, this is good. Bitcoin is an ideology. The technology was released to be forked and changed. If you don't understand that you're part of the problem not the solution.
@_date: 2018-12-24 16:44:02
"Basis of credibility of a person who is perceived to be knowledgeable in an area or topic due to his or her study, training, or experience in the subject matter."
@_date: 2018-12-24 16:27:38
I absolutely agree it should be spent. 
@_date: 2018-12-22 20:37:45
10 years is nothing in the history of financial systems. Bitcoin rests on the premise that it is a digital cash, which it has not achieved in 10 years.
You also contradict yourself on one line saying, "I used to think Bitcoin was doomed to fail as well so I don't think your stupid. Your just wrong. As I once was." Than on the next line you say, "That being said I think Bitcoin will fail one day"
And I agree, that was my premise, Bitcoin is fucked because it will fail one day, but I disagree, it will be replaced by another or multiple crypto currencies.  As soon as a viable alternative is around, why would someone continue to use the inferior blockchain? As momentum shifts to an alternative, bitcoins prices will decline, the first movers will be rewarded, the ones left will be burned. This is the nature of the decentralized financial system we are creating. It is a true free market. 
@_date: 2018-12-22 20:23:08
Agreed. I'm waiting for the beta of [elixxir.io]( the tech brief is very promising, however it's success rests on the licensing and initial tokenenomic. It takes time time to build a viable alternative, but I no longer see bitcoin as viable, and would rather invest my time and energy into alternatives.
@_date: 2018-12-23 01:09:02
That's interesting, I had stopped paying attention until recently, and wasn't familiar with the segwit2 story. I would have thought the miners would win, because without miners, the bitcoin network collapses, transactions will fail. It probably would have been the other way around if more people relied on or needed bitcoin for daily transactions. Nodes would have no choice but to accept the miners transactions or they would be for all intents and purposes "broke".
@_date: 2018-12-22 20:47:03


This should have ideally happened when asics first started to appear. But it's probably too late now. Which contributes to my view that bitcoin is "fucked".


"A developer, with little financial incentive in the network, is not motivated to work on it.", I'm not sure you can call this false as it's personal expertise and opinion. I accept capitalism and the free market as the superior alternative, and that "money", the ability to pay goods and services, many of which are need to survive, are the motivation for developing and contributing. This is a difficult and interesting concept, because even with dev pools, developer and innovators may be more motivated to create a new and superior alternative, but since the majority has to accept it to be adopted into the existing predominant system, and few understand the changes, it's easier to launch an alternative. Drastic changes, also take time to build and prove the security. This is good for progress and innovation, but pose a challenge for people who invest with the mentality, one solution is superior and always will be. Early adopters will be rewarded, and those who cling to the existing will be burned.


You're probably right, but it's still possible. But scarcity isn't as important as people think if the blockchain doesn't survive until all coins are distributed. It will not survive that long, I have doubts whether it will survive 10-15 more years.
I agree, it was a good first step, but not a final solution, nothing will be. Bitcoin played a valuable role in creating the system for financial disruption. There are many improvements to be made. I do not see these improvements being adopted on the Bitcoin blockchain, this is why I say it is "fucked".
@_date: 2018-12-24 16:33:04
I'm pretty bad with remember timelines, but one of the wallets had a printed seed, I believe even the blackberry wallet did, this was early on. CPU mining was still viable, you could find blocks, but electricity exceeded the price. I believe GPU mining was around.
@_date: 2018-12-22 20:55:01


Other way around, miners are the ones that adopt the rules, and therefore set them, this is what poses the challenge to established blockchains changing the PoW algorithm.
@_date: 2018-12-22 08:42:12
or... they're forks of bitcoin... hmmm, wait did satoshi release it open source, with the ability to fork it?? It's just a name get over it. No one owns it. If it's forked tomorrow, and the team can convince the majority their fork is bitcoin, than that's bitcoin. Or you can launch something brand new and call it bitcoin. Bitcoin is more of an idea than anything else.
@_date: 2018-12-24 16:35:58
I'm making a lot of assumptions on my view of a bitcoin utopia, you're paid in bitcoin, and you pay for goods and services in bitcoin. Assume you need to buy groceries to feed your family and survive. All miners have adopted new rules like segwit2, either a new mining network needs to develop using the old rules, or nodes, end users, need to adopt the new rules and except the block from miners to survive.
Control of the hashrate is a lot more powerful than control of the coins. 
@_date: 2018-12-22 20:51:57


Ideally yes, but what if the chain is entirely different, not a fork, but something completely new. For example tokens are secured individually, rather than a single private key?  You would need to go through a 3rd party, and you'll need to convince that party your btc has value, it's theoretically possible you'll be left with nothing but random worthless data on your hard drive. 
@_date: 2018-12-13 04:23:22
omg, someone can say the same thing about your post. lol.
the HODL trolls keep screaming hodl to try and bump the price up. It can't jsut be causal someone must be paying them good money for that. My guess is the financial whales that have invested heavily and crypto currency and don't want to see a vast portion of their portfolio decline further.
One of these bearish times will be the last for bitcoin. It won't be bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-12-22 17:02:40
could be a legit takeover attempt, that's the point of decentralization. It's true free market. You could have a rebase of a completely different project on the original fork.
"belong to the original project"... it doesn't belong to anyone or anything.
@_date: 2018-12-23 00:59:35
I disagree, I see bitcoin as having very little innovation since it's launch. As much as I love technology, I'm a developer, I have no interest in data that has no value. To be honest I used to, I CPU mined early out of pure interest, lost interest, had long lost the printed seed, and reformated the hard drive for something else.
@_date: 2018-12-23 00:28:11
Nope. Just saying bitcoin is fucked imho. He asked about alternatives, and I mentioned the one I believe looks most promising.
@_date: 2018-12-22 17:08:51
you don't even need to do it through hostile takeover, you just need to convince the majority to accept your project as bitcoin. Hard but not impossible.
You could have a rebase of a completely different project on the original fork. This is good.
@_date: 2018-12-07 05:23:28
couldn't agree more, it's nothing like forex or the stock market, none of the principals the analysts try to apply have any value.
It could fall back into obscurity for computer scientists, emerge completely different. Or more likely die, and something better will emerge. Why would a developer with little or nothing at stake in the network, devoting time and effort into something where someone else will profit hugely, while the dev doesn't.