@_author: winepic
@_date: 2017-12-26 18:00:41
Not the same. An anonymous transaction on Bitcoin is suspicious because you went though more effort to make it anonymous. And it is possible (though hard) to trace it back by comparing timings, for instance.
A Monero transaction is more secure because it isn’t an anonymous transaction in a sea of public transactions.
HTTPS has applications other than “I don’t want other people to know who i’m talking to”, that’s why it can coexist with the insecure version in the same space.
@_date: 2017-12-26 18:27:26
They did incredible things with their weak computers back in the day, but our more powerful computers nowadays can do much, much more that was simply impossible due to performance restriction.
You don’t stop developing a better system just because you can already do pretty good things on a weak system.
@_date: 2016-11-07 20:34:33
@_date: 2017-11-24 21:52:47
Once everyone has a billion dollars worth of btc and is finally looking to spend it, they will find that there are no places to do so as nobody used it as a currency, so merchants dropped support. So everyone will sell back to USD and bitcoin will be worth nothing.
Or people actually use BTC as a currency, as it was originally intended to be used, showing that there is demand for merchants accepting bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-03-22 17:20:01
No, links and images have always been in the blockchain and it's been known clearly for a while. I am completely aware of the implications - every Bitcoin full node is technically publicly "hosting child porn" and could be shut down for that.
Which doesn't make any sense. Under today's legal system, and with Bitcoin's current structure, there is no good solution other than simply saying "They're not willingly hosting it, and there's nothing that can realistically be done about it".
I guess a better analogy would be the Bittorrent network - it is being used for piracy and illegal file sharing, but it is also being used to distribute large files legally (like Linux distributions, or TeX distributions). Yet the network is not banned. It is much less decentralized than Bitcoin, sure, but torrenting without revealing your IP and identity is easy (and most people do that).
@_date: 2018-03-22 17:11:52
TOR is a network, some nodes in the network are hosting various types of content that cannot be accessed without TOR. Therefore the TOR network is hosting that content.
I know that it doesn't mean that "every TOR user is hosting the content", or "The TOR project itself is hosting that content". Nodes in the TOR network are hosting that content. That's all I'm saying.
@_date: 2018-03-22 15:57:14
Well yeah, but the only reason why TOR is even viable to use for people in non-developed countries is because people are using it in developed countries.
Exit nodes are getting raided not because they are a TOR exit node, but because they are generating a lot of traffic towards sites hosting illegal content. TOR definitely hosts all kinds of content, you just don’t know about all if it because the hosts don’t necessarily advertise their onion addresses openly (Well, and because you’re not searching for it. Because you don’t want to be on a list. Which is reasonable.)
We only hear about it publicly when a host fucks up and ends up getting traced, or raided for other reasons.
But none of this really matters. The point it - the bitcoin blockchain can be used to encode a link to child porn, but so can many other things. All the media going “Holy shit bitcoin is getting banned because someone posted transactions with links to child porn” is a massive overreaction to a thing that has been known for years now and has never been an issue outside of FUD discussions.
@_date: 2018-03-22 14:53:20
That’s not the issue that is being talked about. The issue is that people are using the Bitcoin blockchain as a method to distribute child porn. Which is a bit more of a problem than “Porn is encoded in the blockchain” and can’t really be compared with “If I look at essentially random numbers for long enough, eventually a pattern will amount to something”.
Though it’s a really stupid argument. This has been public knowledge for years now. No reason for it to resurface other than a stupid FUD campaign.
Here is a better analogy. The internet is not outlawed even though it is the most efficient way to find child porn. I wonder what the government is doing. Ban the internet, think of the children! 
@_date: 2018-03-22 15:40:00
Well then, why aren’t they banning this new “TOR” thing you’re talking about? If it’s bring used to circulate child porn, it is obviously evil! Wait, are you saying there are other uses to TOR, and legitimate reasons to use it? How can that possibly matter when **the children** are in danger?