@_author: winningjimmies
@_date: 2017-12-19 10:38:05
Thanks, just trying to warn people as I had no idea about puppy mill dogs before I got one! Please make sure your baby is happy and healthy with no weeping eyes and a good body weight, and get the paperwork that guarantees medical care if they do get sick within a few weeks. I would also recommend not taking them to the vets they have partnerships with as they are useless and really don't care. 
If you're anywhere near Waterloo try My Vet Animal Hospital, they're the best vets I've ever come across. 
Good luck with everything and enjoy your new fur baby! :) 
@_date: 2017-12-19 10:35:08
Unless the pet store specially states that their puppies are rescue dogs then it will most likely be from a puppy store. That's why it's so uncommon to see actual kittens and puppies in pet stores these days - in some places it's outright banned and some owners have morals and choose not to sell them. 
@_date: 2017-12-19 10:42:32
Are you talking about in Sydney? That's not entirely true, some pet stores definitely still have puppy mills dogs. 
If they're rescue dogs then they will clearly state it near the cage. 
@_date: 2017-12-19 09:10:36
Hi there, I saw you're in Sydney and buying what looks like a cockalier from a pet store so I logged in especially to comment. 
I bought a beautiful cockalier from a petstore in Hurstville earlier this year. I had no idea where pet stores actually get their dogs. Turns out they get them from puppy mills! Look them up, it's a disgusting way of churning out as many expensive puppies as possible in order to make money. They keeps them in tiny cages and breed the mothers non stop. They don't have any space to move around and pee and poo in the area that they also sleep in, which makes for terrible living conditions and also makes it hard to toilet train later on. Puppy mill dogs are much more likely to have congenital health problems as they don't test for them, and are often generally u healthy as the people breeding them don't give a shit and just want to make money. 
When we got our puppy she was severely underweight and could not walk properly, and also had an awful worm infestation. We had to spend hundreds of dollars on vet bills as the vet they had partnered with didn't give a single shit when we took her in for her first check up. She had awful diarrhoea for the first few weeks and it took her that long to perk up and become healthy again. 
They should not have sold us that dog full stop - anyone with any knowledge about dogs would have known she was desperately sick and needed urgent medical attention. It honestly makes me sick looking back on it. They even talked us into buying $1000 worth of extra toys and accessories that we did not need, could have got it from Kmart for literally a tenth of that. 
I'm not saying that you shouldn't get her, my puppy has brought so much into my life. I just want to share my story so that other people don't have to go through what we did! 
If you want to talk more about it please feel free to pm me! :) 
@_date: 2017-12-19 10:32:45
Yes of course, I totally agree! They just put this adorable puppy in my hand and suckered me into buying all this crap that I really did not need haha. Just trying to warn others to not fall into the trap like I did :) 