@_author: winslow_strong
@_date: 2015-12-18 23:58:08
Circle's maximum weekly withdraw limit is $3k (after account verification).  This is non-negotiable, according to their rep.  They cited the US "Travel Rule" as the reason: 
@_date: 2014-06-28 22:27:46
How is Armory not handy!?  You have to keep a full node synced to initiate any tx, that's how.  
@_date: 2014-01-03 15:16:27
I'm getting this same error.  Tried different addresses, and different amounts.
@_date: 2014-06-28 22:08:15
Do you know if an API key is generally (or in the specific case of Bitstamp) sufficient to withdraw funds from a 2FA-secured account, without needing to actually provide the 2FA token?  If so, then any enabling of API keys essentially makes your account merely one-factor secured, not 2FA. 
@_date: 2014-06-28 22:36:48
Did you have a recovery method for your 2FA keys setup via your email account?  If so, compromising of email would be sufficient to compromise everything.  But presumably your 2FA provider would notify you if/when a recovery was initiated.
@_date: 2014-06-28 22:04:16
I'm not an IT security expert, but it seems a bit strong to me to say that logging in via ur phone would ENTIRELY negate the benefits of using 2FA.  Your phone (or any device) could be compromised in many ways that would allow access to one but not both security mechanisms, correct?
It says something that Authy emphatically claims that it's still quite secure to run their 2FA as a browser plugin on your computer, rather than on a 2nd device like a phone.  Their take is:
"Q: So is this still Two-Factor Authentication if I am using the same device?
A: The short answer is yes, two-factor authentication is still valid regardless of whether the second authentication factor "you have" comes from your cellphone, your tablet, or right from a desktop app in your laptop. For example, RSA Security, the leader in Two-Factor Authentication also has a desktop application which has been securely deployed at some of the largest and most secure organizations worldwide. What really matters, is that it is something only you can have. When you register your laptop as a new device with the Authy App for PC's, we use the same secure registration process we use with the mobile app by verifying your identity with your cellphone number - something only you have access to." 
Q? So what about malware, can malware steal my Two-Factor tokens?
A: Once you successfully log in to a site, your browser locally stores a unique identifier for your session, called a session cookie. This cookie is then used to inform the site on subsequent requests that you have already authenticated, so that the site doesn't ask you to log in again. What this basically means is that there's no point for the malware to steal your credentials or two-factor token when it can simply steal your authenticated sessions."
 
Based on the above, it seems like the real issue to consider is whether the device you are logging in from is secure, esp wrt session hijacking.  It could be more secure to login from your android phone with 2FA on the phone than from your Windows PC with 2FA on your phone.
@_date: 2014-06-28 22:30:38
I don't understand how signing with your private key would be any more secure than entering a special withdraw PW for withdrawal.  While private keys may be very long, they are usually accessed via a PW on your system.  So ultimately compromising that factor in either case amounts to compromising a PW.  Am I missing something?