@_author: wintercooled
@_date: 2016-08-03 19:35:21
As a social experiment it's interesting to see so many people posting their address. 
If you post your address and suspect the OP is the bitfinex hacker and you intend to keep the bitcoin and not return it then are you saying that you would have stolen from bitfinex customers yourselves if you had the technical ability to and if you thought you would get away with it?
I'm guessing so. That doesn't paint a very nice picture of people here and on bitcointalk who are posting their plea addresses.
@_date: 2016-08-03 20:17:01
?! It wasn't just big holders who got cleaned out. You can trade with small amounts as well as I'm sure many people who lost their bitcoins (or fractions of a bitcoin) did.
@_date: 2016-08-03 18:22:09
If it is from the hack and someone is trying to launder the coins they could:
Give away first 1000 coins.
Observe fallout - police interest in recipient, recipients ability to sell coins etc.
If fallout is negligible then do the same again saying it will be a weekly thing but this time send to an address of their own that they have posted in amongst the ever increasing number of addresses.
Repeat in subsequent weeks.
I haven't posted an address by the way - seems wrong as it's other people's bitcoin that should be returned.
@_date: 2016-08-03 13:47:05
Assuming that spending the stolen bitcoins will be very hard without revealing the hackers identity - have these coins effectively been removed from circulation? I'm guessing that although the addresses the coins went to won't be officially blacklisted they must be on a lot of people's 'watch lists'.
@_date: 2016-08-03 20:01:28
Keep begging for handouts from a thief little beeotch... 
@_date: 2016-08-03 15:33:57
Just to clarify - I meant nice idea you had in terms of preventing the thief from laundering it... I don't like the idea of a thief giving away money instead of just returning it.
@_date: 2016-08-03 18:22:50
If it is from the hack and someone is trying to launder the coins they could:
Give away first 1000 coins.
Observe fallout - police interest in recipient, recipients ability to sell coins etc.
If fallout is negligible then do the same again saying it will be a weekly thing but this time send to an address of their own that they have posted in amongst the ever increasing number of addresses.
Repeat in subsequent weeks.
I haven't posted an address by the way - seems wrong as it's other people's bitcoin that should be returned.
@_date: 2016-08-03 15:11:58
That's a good way to ensure it's not fixed. Nice idea.
@_date: 2016-08-03 19:38:09
 As a social experiment it's interesting to see so many people posting their address. 
If you post your address and suspect the OP is the bitfinex hacker and you intend to keep the bitcoin and not return it then are you saying that you would have stolen from bitfinex customers yourselves if you had the technical ability to and if you thought you would get away with it?
I'm guessing so. That doesn't paint a very nice picture of people here and on bitcointalk who are posting their plea addresses.
@_date: 2016-08-03 19:14:57
Agreed. 
Possible plan of his to mitigate risk:
Give away coins to someone and see what happens to them. If they don't get hounded by authorities phase 2 is repeat the weekly 'stolen fund lotto' but to his own account/s.
So maybe people might get something - but as well as receiving bitcoin that were stolen from someone else you'd be acting as his police target test. 
@_date: 2016-08-07 05:53:21
Listening to the interview elux posted a link to - did they ever sort the 'button lag' issue where clicking to close a position multiple times ended up opening multiple positions in the opposite direction to the trade the user was trying to close?
@_date: 2016-08-03 15:02:00
Spot on.
@_date: 2018-01-05 16:53:44
Fair enough :-)
Liquid is a private sidechain with watchmen being the exchanges themselves - the very ones participating in the network. If enough collude to overcome the threshold for signing they will only be able to steal from those that do not collude - a minority, thus ruining trust in the system they have invested time and costs in. But yes, it is *possible* under extreme collusion. In many ways it is like a 51% attack on Bitcoin - miners could collude and cause theft through double spends but it is not in their interest to do so.
The 'I was attacked' scenrio is unlikely though - it would require every black box hardware security module to be compromised at once. 
PS - I am not critisising Lightning by the way - I just think each solution has its own use-case and is built to meet the exact requirements of each one.
@_date: 2018-01-06 06:38:42
I was only joking ;-)
@_date: 2018-01-05 17:39:20
I think there is currently a limit to the size of a channel that can be opened in LN - not sure of the amount. Also that's likely to change once its being used on mainnet for a while of course.
Currently: "MUST set funding_satoshis to less than 2^24 satoshi."
(about $2,600 unless I have worked it out wrong)
From : 
@_date: 2018-01-18 10:10:56
Also check out Aaron Van Wirdum's excellent explanation of how the Lightning Network works. Part 1 (of 3) [here](
@_date: 2018-01-05 14:25:05
Quote from: 
"Members of the Federated Peg each operate a secure server
that runs Bitcoin and sidechain nodes along with software for
creating and managing cross-chain transactions. Each server
contains a hardware security module that manages cryptographic
keys and signs with them."
"Successfully tampering with the federated peg system
requires a compromise of at least the majority of functionaries,
both Blocksigners and Watchmen. Even then, tampering is
always detectable and usually immediately observable because
the blockchain is replicated and validated on machines other
than the functionaries"
It goes into more detail in the pdf.
@_date: 2018-01-05 14:30:39
Liquid is the first production sidechain to come from the Elements project. Not very well known but SegWit was first tried out in Elements years ago: 
"The Segregated Witness proposal as presented by Wuille in Hong Kong is based on a concept used in Blockstream's sidechain Elements, and a complementing idea by Bitcoin Core developer Luke Dashjr. "
The use of sidechains to test changes to Bitcoin is very interesting.
@_date: 2018-01-09 11:05:48
Fantastic work!
PS - You have left the +200 µbtc text on a few of the rebalance images (the last two). Assume this was just an image copy/paste amend error.
@_date: 2018-01-04 11:08:19
A PR has been raised and submitted. 
@_date: 2018-01-05 18:09:51
Agree - it is a sound idea initially and I can see why it was done. Get ready for the 'channel capacity scaling debate' in 2018 HA HA! ;-)
@_date: 2018-01-02 07:44:04
Just a note for anyone following this guide - whenever it says:
btcctl --simnet --rpcuser=kek --rpcpass=kek generate 1
You actually need to run: 
btcctl --simnet --rpcuser=kek --rpcpass=kek generate 6
... in order to proceed. (need to generate 6 blocks to confirm the tx funding the channel etc. and not 1)
@_date: 2018-01-05 17:15:01


Same if miners collude to double spend. Exchanges colluding to do this would ruin their own businesses in the same way miners would ruin the price of Bitcoin if they colluded in theft by double spend.
@_date: 2018-01-01 07:51:37
Ah, the old 'bank' routine...
So you won't be using the  Lightning Network then by the sound of it. Fair enough.
EDIT: Maybe read this if you don't know what the primary functions of a bank are...
Large super connected nodes in LN charge a very small fee for forwarding on a payment. How is charging a fee for using their super connectedness for a split second banking? Suggesting that this means they are a bank is the 'laughable joke' in this thread as you put it.
@_date: 2018-01-05 14:16:29
Lightning can only let users send amounts up to the smallest channel size in the hops between sender and receiver. Liquid is designed to enable the rapid and private (using Confidential Transactions) transfer of any amount of bitcoin. Lightning is also slower to release funds in the case of one party becoming unresponsive. This doesn't happen with Liquid as the assets are released back to the bitcoin blockchain by members of the federation with little delay.
Liquid is intended for moving large amounts of bitcoin quickly and privately on a private network and blockchain... whereas Lightning is designed to enable small/micro payments between conntected parties.
Nobody can steal bitcoins from the Liquid sidechain - signing off of transfers etc are handled by a strong federation of functionaries - no single authority has the ability to 'steal' bitcoins from the network. 
There's more info here - the page has links to the strong federations paper as well as the sidechains paper. 
@_date: 2018-01-06 06:41:30


It isn't supposed to be. Maybe it was presented in the wrong way by the OP. It is the first example of a sidechain in production use (nearly anyway) - so from that point of view maybe the OP should have mentioned sidechains in general as it does imply Liquid is a solution for everyone whereas it is specifically for exchanges and brokerages.
@_date: 2018-01-06 07:08:12
LOL - I said...


...and 5 months later you reply.
12 - 5 = 7 months left before you can reply and say 'told you so' ;-)
5 months ago Bitcoin was $2,902 in USD. So any coffee you tried to buy with BTC then would have effectively lost you 5 times the cost of the coffee in lost savings. So let me ask you - how do you like that idea?
I really don't mind the fees - you are paying for security of savings at the minute. Are you familiar with the phrase 'good money drives out bad'? Who wants to spend a money that is appreciating in value and has a deflating supply over time compared to one that is being devalued by those who control its supply (FIAT) on a coffee? Paying up to £7.50 (the most I have spent on a fee recently buying a coinkite because I couldn't spend (dump) fiat on that site) is fine. I realise I am paying a fee to have what I am transferring with that fee secured by a huge amount of hash power in a decentralised network. Want low fees for coffee purchases? Why on earth aren't you using fiat for this at the moment? When second layer solutions or sidechains let you spend with near zero fees then you may wish to spend more then if the current fees are stopping you.
In terms of the expected response of 'you have to use money for it to become popular' - I don't think you do. People have to demand payment in a money for that to happen. e.g. me saying 'I want to pay in Bitcoin' isn't going to make the seller switch to receive Bitcoin if they already provide a way to pay that the vast majority of people prefer to use at the minute... but the seller saying 'I only accept Bitcoin' (because they want to be paid in Bitcoin (good money) not FIAT (bad money)) is much more of a driver for adoption. Then more people own Bitcoin (so they can buy valued goods and services) because more sellers demand it. In my opinion. It's why people who have a genuinely great and different product or offer their rare skills in areas like crypto choose to be paid for them in Bitcoin, not fiat. Owning Bitcoin (good money) makes people less likely to spend it on junk. Getting rid of your FIAT (mass consumerism and 'spend as soon as you earn') is a by-product of poor money and we have become too used to it. As Bitcoin adoption grows we will be less frivolous with our spending and learn to save again - as will businesses, who will save and spend to increase capacity and make efficiency savings like they used to when we were on the gold standard... and not spend money on buying up their own shares etc. for short term gains.


I do. I'm glad Bitcoin resisted another decentralising risk. With sidechains and layer 2 solutions they have to be built on a solid decentralised base layer - ruin that for the sake of getting cheaper fees today and you have ruined the future of decentralised money. In my opinion - which differs from yours I suspect. Which is fine - consensus of everyone not just your opinion or mine is what determines Bitcoin's future. Fine by me.
See you in 7 months ;-)
@_date: 2017-12-31 19:02:53


How do you think routes are determined exactly? 
@_date: 2017-12-31 08:26:40
If you take a look at the link below you can see that the example of A to B to C isn't the way it has to work. A could route through D, E, F to get to C if needed. Anyway - take a look and you can link any two nodes a number of different ways and this is only the test network.
Also - I wouldn't look it as locking up your funds. If anything it frees them from the fee burden and if you want to apply the term locked up to anything it would be the main chain in this case. 
I make payments of up to $100 once every few weeks using Bitcoin. If I could send $1000 to open a channel and then make 10 payments with pretty much zero fee that would be great for me personally.
It would also remove 8 transactions (if I closed the channel at the end) from the main chain - making room for other transactions and brining main chain fees down.
This last bit is important - it is not just the people who use LN for payments (or indeed, to receive payments) that will benefit. The reduced number of main chain transactions will benefit everyone.
@_date: 2017-12-22 06:59:52


Enforced by who? For that you'd need a central authority. This is the way of an open source decentralised system. Sucks a bit... but that's a side effect of something stronger. 
If nothing else - the shenanigans with coinbase etc. shows the force behind BCash is centralised around a few players and businesses. Unfortunately they have a lot of weight in terms of coin holdings and market influence. Bitcoin doesn't care though... every test makes it stronger in the end - 'attempted brand theft' (amongst many others) was added to the list this year is all.
@_date: 2017-12-31 08:40:40
Have a look at the testnet LN topography and play a simple game of 'connect the two randomly selected dots'...
You only need one channel open to sed to anyone else on the network.


It does... you can try it yourself if you want, set up a channel from Alice to Bob and make a payment from Alice to Charlie...
@_date: 2017-12-19 17:34:41
Take a look at this and pick two random nodes and see how easy it is to get from one to the other :-)
Lightning Network Visualised (TestNet):
Meaning that with enough nodes everyone is connected somehow. The LN will find the best route for you.
@_date: 2017-12-26 15:06:50
It's my sister's 40th today - I am printing these off and using them to give her some Bitcoin as she has been nagging me for ages about it.
So thanks again for sharing them :-)
@_date: 2018-09-17 15:07:39
No - if I sent you the latest tx for example I would sign it, you would not.
Then at any point you could add your signature and broadcast. 
If we both signed all of them you could broadcast a previous state and steal my Bitcoin ;-)
This is a great explanation (a bit old and I think the lock stuff is a bit outdated, but the principle is well explained) - search for "secret" - this relates to how the old one is "invalidated" as you say - but it isn't so much invalidated, more than broadcasting it reveals a secret allowing the other party to steal all funds:
@_date: 2018-09-17 10:25:50
The current block size limit is not 1MB as stated by the way. There was a 2.26MB block mined a week or so ago - thanks to Segwit.
The transactions aren't signed by both party's private keys during each LN transaction - otherwise either party could broadcast an old tx that saw them better off than a latter one.
I didn't watch any more as the essence is there but the details are wrong I'm afraid.
@_date: 2017-12-01 18:33:11
What an eventful year last month was.
@_date: 2017-12-06 07:51:52
Just to note - the CME is cash settled. Shorting it (betting it will go down) doesn't involve the sale of any Bitcoin like on a Bitcoin exchange where the Bitcoin are borrowed and sold with the borrower hoping to buy them back at a lower price, settle the BTC loan and have $ left over as profit.
Not saying that they can't buy actual BTC first through a Bitcoin exchange, bet on CME it will go down, sell BTC and make money on both then re-buy actual BTC at a lower price whilst also betting on the CME that the price will then go up.
@_date: 2018-09-30 06:53:15
Not wishing to criticise the effort that went into this, which is well written there are a few things I noticed that are wrong or accidentally misleading... If you don't mind some feedback?


It's not a work around as you say. It fixes the transaction malleability bug for a start and adds script versioning. List here: 


As someone else has pointed out, this wasn't the case. It was limited to 1MB max block size in 2010 and remained the same until Segwit applied block weight.


Depends on what you see Bitcoin competing with. Fees are needed to provide funding incentives for the security miners provide as the coinbase block reward reduces over time. Bitcoin's value proposition is trustless, censorship resistant hard money, free from central control... not to be a cheap transport protocol for fiat. Probably also worth mentioning that the increased fee rate made many businesses look at how they interacted with the blockchain and led to them making process efficiency improvements. Batching having the greatest impact.


Layers like the LN don't mean that your Bitcoin are moving outside of being a censorship resistant store if value, it builds on the base layer, leveraging its primitives to enable new use cases. I think your comment implies that layer 2 transactions abandon the properties of the base layer, when actually those properties underpin layer 2.


It's limited by the channel capacity of course so maybe referencing the number of transactions would be more accurate.


I think that's for testnet only. Main net requires more. Perhaps 6? Check the bolt.


It doesn't require trust. You can open channels with anyone who will accept them, no identity or trust required as they are backed by the Bitcoin transaction that opens the channel.


Just to note that this may change over time. It's advised for small payments only at the minute because it's still in its early stages.
Acinq ;-)




Joseph Poon and Thaddeus Dryja published the Lightning white paper in 2015.
That's as far as I got.
@_date: 2018-09-13 17:30:47
Excellent regular summary from David Harding and co.
Bitcoin Optech Newsletter:
@_date: 2017-12-29 07:22:45
Follow the installation guide here: 
Then there is a tutorial that follows on from that which shows you how to run nodes on simnet (so you can locally mine blocks etc.) then how to start making LN payments between those nodes and use it in a web site... if you are interested in seeing how it works or developing on top of it.
It's really easy to follow - in addition to the steps in the installation guide you also need to install git (if you don't have it already) before you install glide using:
sudo apt-get install git
@_date: 2018-09-17 16:01:18
Pleasure - to be honest it took me a while before it clicked. Then it went, then I got it again and quickly drew it out on paper before it went again. Had to cover it for a talk I did and it isn't easy to understand - luckily Lightning wallets abstract away the complexity from the user ;-)
I've had a dig through my slides and this is the actual article that helped the most (plenty of images - gets a bit technical later but the first half is fine)
Specifically this image: [
@_date: 2017-12-31 08:35:16
You can compile and run it if you want - it certainly isn't Vaporware. I have been trying it on simnet and testnet the last few days and it works.
@_date: 2017-12-29 20:08:06
PS - whenever it says to run:
btcctl --simnet --rpcuser=kek --rpcpass=kek generate 1
Instead use:
btcctl --simnet --rpcuser=kek --rpcpass=kek generate 6
There is a PR open to fix this. (you need 6 block confirmations to open a channel, not 1)
@_date: 2017-12-29 07:34:14
You can try setting up and developing on Lightning using: 
There is a guide that walks you through setting up some local nodes for development and creating a web app that uses it.
@_date: 2018-05-17 09:53:45
Yes - Lecture 5.
That pages sources from a 1 hour 28 minute video here: 
EDIT: Probably worth watching this one first as well as it relates to why miners are used (How Bitcoin Achieves Decentralization): 
The full YouTube list of videos for the lectures is: 
@_date: 2018-05-16 19:53:45
Don't worry, some are only a few minutes long. They are just sections within longer videos. I think there's 12 actual videos in total if you go to the YouTube source. Each about an hour to an hour twenty minutes long.
Amazing resource, as is the Princeton course it's based upon.
@_date: 2017-02-03 09:28:04
A Rovercoaster - named after the Mars Rover vehicle, hitting Mars not the moon.
PS - of all the moon, rollercoaster images I like this one the most.
@_date: 2017-02-14 08:41:49
Unconfirmed: OKCoin to test fees rebate for larger API traders who passed verification &amp; obey AML, aiming to encourage liquidity
@_date: 2017-03-26 07:20:18
At time of post the website is unreachable.
@_date: 2017-03-28 05:12:25
HOW **DARE** ~~you~~ YOU!
@_date: 2017-03-23 14:35:43
These three articles brilliantly explain BU's configurable block size proposal and the final one is specifically about EC. 
They are listed here in sequential reading order and I'd start with the first one before diving into the EC one directly if you don't what what it means. You can tell by the titles that the Author (Aaron van Wirdum) isn't a fan. 
A Closer Look at Bitcoin Unlimited’s Configurable Block Size Proposal
How Bitcoin Unlimited Users May End Up on Different Blockchains
Why Bitcoin Unlimited’s “Emergent Consensus” Is a Gamble
@_date: 2017-03-31 18:06:54
Can someone explain this to me please - If I run two Nodes at home will that add any benefit to running one as they would both go through the same router and will just steal bandwidth from each other - and wouldn't they have the same IP address even?
@_date: 2017-03-27 16:14:21
Not too mention some very aggressive formatting and a use of uppercase lettering that showed a complete lack of concern for the safety of others.
@_date: 2017-03-20 19:04:38
Ha ha! Thanks for the image, first time I've smiled on this forum today ;-)
@_date: 2017-03-18 07:28:02
Don't dismay - they are in the minority I am sure. "part of the problem" according to the person who posted this is that people actually using the Bitcoin network and paying transaction fees causes transactions to appear on the Bitcoin network, which is a 'problem' in their eyes. Bonkers.
If you pay the fees for your transaction your business can use the network for whatever purpose.
@_date: 2017-03-20 06:18:33
I think you will enjoy this post about the off chain settlement systems companies like coinbase use and you mention:
"a lot of transactions already happen off-chain. Xapo claims that they do more off-chain transactions than on-chain. Coinbase, Localbitcoins, Purse.io, most bitcoin exchanges and services have some type of off-chain transactions service already."
@_date: 2017-03-21 21:02:20
Because the time resolution is 24 hours on the charts this dip could disappear from the chart if they all came online in the next few hours - so recording for posterity: 
@_date: 2017-03-28 19:27:37
Very interesting points. I can't see any way in which they would want an actual fork either and what you have said makes sense in terms of what their real goals might be. Devious of them, but profitable in their eyes.
@_date: 2017-03-23 17:10:13


First time I read it I felt the opposite actually. Possible short term disruption if it happens but I just can't see it working out long term. 
Here's hoping everyone on both sides of the debate looks back in a few years and laughs "What were we all getting so wound up about!" as we all field questions from friends about this amazing Bitcoin that's taking over the world's payment systems (powered by Lightning Network naturally)! ;-)
@_date: 2017-03-28 19:08:06
This! 
Permission to copy and paste your comment for use in replying to the countless comments asking why nodes matter or what economic consensus means or stating that hash power is all that matters? ;-)
@_date: 2017-03-15 17:38:15
A quick question then - if blocks are nearly full now and transactions costs are therefore high and miners are getting the normal 12.5 btc every 10 minutes from the block reward how would they make more money if bitcoin got more popular? Transactions are already on their way to the economical maximum they could get to before people stopped transacting as much and the block reward is set and not affected by user adoption. So do you mean by the increase in popularity increasing the actual $/BTC price? If not that then I can't see how adoption increasing would increase their profits. (not being contentious - just asking what you mean by benefit from increased use, you mean the implied $/BTC price increase yeah?)
@_date: 2017-03-16 06:33:37
No it isn't "exactly" what he said at all! 
I said that "They are hardly likely to state on record that they don't actually want SW **because they don't want to lose fees to a second layer**." and Wu said what you quoted. At no point does he say that it was because he didn't want to lose fees to a second layer. 
@_date: 2017-03-22 10:30:11
In a similar vein: [
Listening to Roger Ver and Jihan Wu regarding the scaling debate is like...]
[listening to a realtor and steel manufacturer express opinions on how to construct a skyscraper.](
@_date: 2017-03-30 19:32:14
Quick - it's been removed, go and tell the big boys in the playground what you have done and see if they think you are cool now... good luck!
@_date: 2017-03-25 21:02:01


Good advice. 
@_date: 2017-03-01 13:01:00
Edited my post to reflect that it refers to trade-able bullion only - and that even that estimate can vary wildly. At least with Bitcoin you know how much is out there... until you start factoring in lost wallet passwords, burnt coins etc! So maybe we will never know when/if bitcoin surpasses the precious metals as trade-able quantities of both are unknown...
@_date: 2017-03-25 19:30:30
It's not as bad as people are making out. Remember, they said the internet would fail when people added attachments to email, started downloading mp3, started streaming video services.
Yeah, I stole that from Andreas but it's true ;-)
The price has gone down lately but It's still 5% up from where it was​ 3 months ago... which is still a better return than a lot of things. So zoom out a bit if you are checking the price for perspective I'd suggest.
@_date: 2017-03-15 17:45:02
Agree with you but just to be controversial there may be a sub-division of the category signalling BU - there may be miners who run core but signal BU as well as those who run BU and signal BU. Before anyone cries - I said 'may'... because you can't tell without going and checking what they run and how they signal. That 'may' be why some nodes signalling BU didn't crash yesterday.
@_date: 2017-03-24 07:10:03
Just to clarify - I think u/LiveLongAndPhosphor was referring to the comment made by u/CodeisLoveCodeisLife about the potential for a BTU chain to switch back to the BTC chain... not switching from a 'more worked on' BTU chain to a 'less worked on' BTU chain and said the Median EB attack (that I think you are referring to) *is* an issue for BTU miners.


Good question. As you say, In Bitcoin a transaction trying to spend a coinbase reward (i.e. contains an input that has a referenced output transaction that is coinbase) is only valid when it has COINBASE_MATURITY(100) confirmations. To try and answer your question - In BU the risk of a coinbase reward that is validly spent after 100 confirmations subsequently being orphaned is only handled by the trust in Emergent Consensus working. 
It's interesting to think about how often/if that is likely to occur (if there is ever a hard-fork) as it depends on un-knowns like the behaviour of miners and if they try and 'game' the EC model to exploit this for their own gains/competitors losses.


I missed that on first read. Hmmm, that's a very interesting point... it could also affect if it's an increase *or* a decrease
@_date: 2017-03-17 17:07:01
It would be accepted only if there was consensus though... so it's more like "accept segwit or don't accept it".
However you are right in a sense in that it isn't "concensus"... It's "consensus".
@_date: 2017-03-19 16:33:27
For reference here is the signed document:
@_date: 2017-03-21 19:57:59


Pop over to r/btc for a minute and check out what defines 'regular' over there  ;-)  
I've just spent ten minutes trying to convince someone there who thought that blockstream had patented their technology so they alone could use it and everyone else could be sued if they tried to that they were wrong. I pointed out that if he actually read [this]( and [this]( he would see it's a defensive patent:
"Our Patent Pledge assures developers and users of our technology that we will not sue them for patent infringement, provided they comply with the terms and conditions of our pledge, which essentially asks that they not be patent aggressors themselves."
Will he read it? Unlikely, they seem to prefer their opinions to be fact free, spoon fed to them and served with a side order of conspiracy theory ;-)
@_date: 2017-03-12 08:16:18
u_mavensbot made the Magic Internet Money image. I think it was in response to a request for a logo for this sub.
@_date: 2017-03-25 16:41:37
My attempt to sum up the two camps at least...
The primary desire in this forum seems to be to keep Bitcoin decentralised and to achieve scaling for everyday transactions by enabling second layer solutions like the several Lightning Network style networked payment channels in development by different groups. These solutions offer instant, low fee transactions with no confirmation times. This requires Segwit, support of which is shown by the vast majority of nodes on the network.
'On some other forums' the primary focus seems to be to keep all transactions on the existing layer so miners don't lose any profits from fees. They also enjoy implying that Core are all employed by a company they see as evil, despite the fact that not many core Devs actually work for that company and that company makes all is tech open via 'defensive only' patents. They also just ignore the fact that there are several different implementations of the technology by other groups that are working towards being interoperable between each other to expand the Bitcoin user's choice of payment channel and fee structure (main chain or side).
Here: Core, Segwit, putting user's choice of fee structure, fact checking and decentralisation first.
There: BU, putting miner's profits, childish conspiracy theories, fiction and not caring about decentralisation first. Pop over and check if you feel brave. I've stopped even checking in the now as every time you post a fact (with link to proof and source) to counter a work of fiction you just get called a 'shill' and downvoted off the page before anyone reads it... and yet they complain they are the ones being censored! ;-)
EDIT: typo
@_date: 2017-03-17 14:27:02
Just for the record - I am not promoting UASF myself - there is still much to learn and debate to be had before I decide one way or the other - I was merely pointing out that nodes do determine consensus as it stands. Anyway...
From your example - 'economic consensus' means that your example miners in (b) and (c) would not be able to convert the coins mined into profits if the exchanges etc used the consensus rules used by (a) so they would be spending money mining for nothing. It would not take them long to switch to mine the coins produced by the consensus rules that meant they could exchange the coins they have mined into fiat. 
So yes, there would be a hard fork - but it wouldn't last long with 'economic consensus' prevailing. 
I believe that is what economic consensus means and that this is the basis of the UASF proposal - exchanges and wallet providers would have the most power in essence as they are the ones who enable the economic use and conversion of bitcoin into fiat. Other people have commented that the majority of exchanges are in support of segwit.
@_date: 2017-03-19 17:27:31
Apart from repeatedly posting comments that hint at what your income is  ;-)  I don't understand the point you are trying to make in this discussion? Is it 'Shit happens, always has, always will and we should just leave it like that without being concerned over it?' If so - fair enough. I was just asking if you thought that your idea that miners could just spin up nodes to take over the network majority was fine with you. I don't deny that this is a possibility but I personally don't think it's palatable in a technology that is supposed to be decentralised from inception.
@_date: 2017-03-18 07:37:55
This argument is repeatedly made and is based on unsound logic if you want Bitcoin to be useful for the end user. 
To re-word your post:
Miners want Bitcoin to succeed but only if the traffic is held back on the main chain (which they get paid if you use) and not onto second layer solutions that reduce user fees and enable instant payments.
You say AXA want to profit from second layer transactions but don't explain how that would occur in any way that would meet or exceed the profits ALREADY being made by large mining behemoths. You are fighting a company that *might somehow* make money from reduced layer 2 fees (which would be good fee reduction for the average Bitcoin user) and supporting existing companies that make money from high layer one (Bitcoin network) fees. Take a breather and focus your anti-corporation angst against the banking system that Bitcoin challenges if we get decent Layer 2 solutions and not the developers who are trying to enable what the majority of users want - an instant, low fee, trust-less payment system. 
@_date: 2017-03-22 06:58:21
The time resolution on it is daily - so if it drops to the floor then comes back up within the timeframe it wont show on the graph.
I first spotted it as it started to drop last night and posted [here]( - I added screen shots as it dropped for posterity.
@_date: 2017-03-20 07:56:23
Coerce: "to persuade (an unwilling person) to do something by using force or threats." 
Coerce: "to compel by force, intimidation, or authority, especially without regard for individual desire or volition"
So no, people will have a choice to either use LN or not, they are not coerced or forced to use it. A user will have to take action to send funds to open a Lightning Network channel - or any one of the several second layer solutions in development. 
Nobody can force a user's  funds to move from an address they alone own the private key to into a channel.
Second layer solutions like LN offer someone a choice with benefits of their choice visible up front and lets them decide if they wish to use it or not. It's also not a one way street - if you decide you don't like LN for whatever reason and have already opened a channel on it you can just close the channel and have your funds move back the main block-chain.
@_date: 2017-03-19 16:57:00
I agree - I think people feel stupid pointing to reddit sub subscription numbers to back up claims as to who has the 'majority' of support - but why shouldn't it? The number of users who have money to spend on exchanges *does* form part of economic consensus.
@_date: 2017-03-21 22:07:53
Of course there are two posts about it in the other sub in which people are stating:
"This is a Core bug"
"Notice that, as it also affects Core, they aren't making post about it!!! Hilarious!!"
Funny - because the core node count seems to be just fine!!!!
@_date: 2017-03-20 12:15:30
Pleasure. I'm just going off what's been publicly stated but I think it's safe to assume no exchange (of any size) would list BTU unless relay protection is guaranteed.
@_date: 2017-03-30 17:37:18
Unfortunately that's probably what he's after - see 'badge of honour' comment above. If it gets removed we can let him have his five minutes of fame with his fact-fearing friends and then we can ignore him ;-)
@_date: 2017-03-18 07:41:27
I think you are trying to argue against someone who does not understand what they are talking about and will never do the required reading to gain an understanding, but I respect your efforts to educate them regardless :-)
@_date: 2017-03-24 11:27:17


If I understand your question correctly, and if not I am about to waste ten minutes of my life... ;-) 
Imagine the following which tries to explain the difference between switching between chains from 'BTU to BTC' and 'BTU to BTU'... all hypothetical so please no accusations of FUD etc, I am just trying to explain the different levels of potential hard-forks ;-)
*How a hardfork between 1MB chain and &gt;1MB chain occurs and how the &gt;1MB chain could then be orphaned*
* A miner decides to mine a block with an increased blocksize (let's say 2MB for the sake of the example).
* Some miners then choose to continue mining on top of the new 2MB block, thus extending the 2MB chain.
(I will omit how nodes propagate transaction according to the consensus rules they apply for the sake of easy reading)
* Other miners do not accept the 2MB block as it breaks their consensus rules and continue to mine on the chain without this block added to it (the 1MB BTC chain)
* This causes a hard fork as some miners mine on top of the 2MB chain and some on top of the 1MB chain.
* If the 2MB chain then continues to have more work done on it than the 1MB chain the 2MB chain miners will keep extending it. The 1MB miners do not accept the 2MB chain **no matter how much more work is done on it** as the chain does not conform to their consensus rules.
* Say it carries on for a few more blocks and then for (for whatever reason) the 1MB chain pushes ahead in terms of work done. 
* The 2MB chain will now be orphaned and all miners will mine on the 1MB chain again.
*How a hardfork between &gt;1MB chains could occur that then orphans the less worked on chain of the two that are both &gt;1MB, but does not orphan back to the 1MB chain as above*
Assume the same sequence of events up to and including step 5 above:
* Assuming the 2MB chain is now having more work done on it than the 1MB chain - 2MB miners keep working on it but now one of them mines a 3MB block and some other miners decide to work on top of if due to the rules they have configured in BU.
* If this move to 3MB breaks the rules applied by some of the 2MB BU miners they will keep mining the 2MB chain whilst others mine on top of the 3MB block - this causes a hard-fork in what was the 2MB chain. So we now have 3 chains being worked on:  the 1MB chain (BTC) which the 2MB BU chain parted company with and a 3MB BU chain which parted company with the 2MB BU chain.
* If the 3MB chain is having more work done on it the miners mining it will continue to extend it. The 2MB miners do not accept the 3MB chain **no matter how much more work is done on it** as the chain does not conform to their consensus rules.
* Say it carries on for a few more blocks and then for (for whatever reason) the 2MB chain pushes ahead in terms of work done. 
* The 3MB chain will now be orphaned and all the miners who were mining on the 3MB chain will mine on the 2MB chain again.
* We would now have 2 chains - the 1MB BTC chain and the 2MB BU chain.
I have omitted scenarios like the 2MB fork being abandoned by the 2MB forked miners and them all going onto the 3MB chain (due to Emergent Consensus) just to make this (already too long) example clear(ish) in relation to what (I think) you asked.
**Just to state (again) - this is just an attempt to explain the types of potential hard forks and orphaning possible. I'm not saying any of this would happen before someone responds saying I am ;-)**
This is my understanding of the types of hard-fork originally commented on - happy to be corrected if I have set it out incorrectly.
EDIT: formatting flipping bullet points!
@_date: 2017-03-22 09:11:06
Amended version in case it offends anyone:
"Q: Why does Jihan Wu carry a second eating utensil first used by the Chinese over 6000 years ago and still popular in his country or origin as well as all over the globe in his back pocket? A: In case his primary eating utensil breaks."
...though it kind of loses it's 'zing' in that version ;-)
Not sure if that even fits inside Twitter's character limit where I saw it re-tweeted by the ever entertaining Samson Mow.
@_date: 2017-03-02 17:01:09
I made that post yesterday but several people pointed out that it wasn't the case.  Bitcoin is perhaps close to the tradable silver stock but even the estimate I posted of 1 billion Oz seems under by some way. So I deleted it :-(
@_date: 2017-03-20 16:00:19
Not forgetting that  also hammers existing segwit supporting miners folks.
@_date: 2017-03-20 06:52:17
This is an important point in my opinion - I wouldn't be surprised if there are more bugs in BU that are exploitable like the recent node crash and that some people have these exploits 'waiting in the wings' as it where. Not condoning this kind of action or otherwise - just saying I wouldn't be surprised if it happens. BU forks the chain... someone exploits bugs and crashes BU nodes.
@_date: 2017-03-20 11:22:54
You will have coins on both chains but with regard to the exchange ones: the BTU ones will only show on exchanges **if** they list BTU - see this statement issued by the Exchanges on this exact subject:
@_date: 2017-03-26 08:48:31
Oh yeah, proof of point through formatting... I'd neglected to take that into consideration ;-)
Either way his mates who don't like facts have weighed in with their votes, adding further credibility to his argument. I guess we should just accept it then.
@_date: 2017-03-10 10:38:38
Does anyone know if there is there a feed for Denied?
The reason I ask: I can imagine that the status could change from Pending to 'decision being announced' (or some other similar internally used status) and it disappears from Pending and doesn't appear in Approved for a minute or so. People could sell as soon as it disappears from Pending and doesn't immediately appear in Approved then regret it a minute later.
Basically - does anyone know/have any experience of if it's possible that it can be removed from Pending and there be a delay in it appearing in Approved that could cause issues to the bots watching it - discovered when writing my own C# bot and thinking of possible issues.
It's easy enough if the options they have are: Pending, Denied and Approved but who knows there aren't more for internal use!
@_date: 2017-03-30 17:25:16
It's a 'badge of honour' over there unfortunately. 
They earn their badge by posting something here that's clearly not true and can be fact checked to prove it's wrong, troll a bit when this is pointed out to them and then when their comment gets removed they go back 'home' and tell everyone how their views were removed in a new post that gets up-voted to the front page and allows other fact-ignorers to recount their right of passage journey as well.
@_date: 2017-03-20 06:42:15


Just to clarify - use of something like the Lightning Network is optional, not forced. If delivered it will be there and you can use it *if you want to*.
People would **choose** to use it only if the fees are low enough and they place value on having instant transactions.
EDIT: I suspect that a reply will mention that people *will* be forced into it if the blocksize ins't increased and the fees increase on-chain so much that people feel they don't have a choice. My comment is intended to just clarify that releasing LN wouldn't in itself force it's use - just in case people mis-read your comment.
@_date: 2017-03-20 16:17:10
Keeping your 'cold war' theme going - I've wondered if the miners are concerned that there may be other BU exploits that people have found (along the lines of the one that crashed their nodes this week) that have yet to be exploited and are 'ready to launch' as it where. 
Since the Exchange-signed document released recently stated that they wouldn't list BU unless replay attack prevention was built in: I don't believe that any miner would really trust their profits to stay up if they forked anytime soon 
PS - Would just like to add that a POW change would also hammer the miners that are currently supporting Segwit.
@_date: 2017-03-21 22:01:59
Dropped to 489.
I posted about this when it started [here]( but it has since disappeared from the new and hot pages (which it was on)
Error affects latest build:
BU node version 1.0.1.1 on linux 64bit error:
ERROR: ReadBlockFromDisk: OpenBlockFile failed for CBlockDiskPos(nFile=-1, nPos=0)
@_date: 2017-03-24 12:00:52


A good point! So many different scenarios are brought about by the motivations of miners instead of just algorithmic rules!!! I am just hoping we never fork in the first place...
@_date: 2017-03-21 17:22:45
What this guy said.
I should have just posted this link as well and saved myself some typing above! ;-)
Great video - well worth a watch... 
EDIT: and this is well written: [A plain-language explanation of the Lightning Network by Elizabeth Stark](
@_date: 2017-03-17 15:19:41
It doesn't matter if there is a longer chain with different consensus rules - You want your transaction on the longest chain that conforms to the consensus rules your transaction conforms to.
EDIT: as I understand it... post consensus rule change: a transaction would either conform to one rule-set or another and not both and would exist on one chain or the other - happy to have this confirmed or refuted by someone with more technical knowledge.
@_date: 2017-03-19 18:09:55


The definition of Consensus from: 
"When several nodes (usually most nodes on the network) all have the same blocks in their locally-validated best block chain."
Nodes determine consensus and the longest proof of work chain is the **result** of that consensus.
Transactions that conform to consensus rules get propagated around the network by nodes and are picked from that pool of nodes by miners to be added to blocks to be mined which are then checked again by nodes and propagated only if they conform to consensus rules. Nodes define consensus based upon what they determine to be valid blocks. A Miner can't just spew out blocks that don't conform to consensus in order to make the longest chain and claim that their chain is the one that therefore 'rules' as you put it.
So nodes *do* have power and especially so if they are economically important nodes - for example the nodes of an exchange. Economically important nodes and the consensus rules they enforce are many more times more important than a miner spinning up a 100 nodes randomly because they help give the consensus rules they apply economic value, the other nodes in this example just pass messages on.
If the nodes where you can exchange the coins you mined don't see your blocks as conforming to their rules and reject them you can't convert your coins into fiat. This is the basis of 'economic consensus'. 
Miners could spin up all the nodes they want in your scenario but unless those nodes conform to the consensus rules of those nodes with the most economic weight (for example exchange nodes) it would be a huge waste of electricity/money. 
Why would a miner mine blocks picked from a pool of nodes that are not compatible with those of an exchange if they couldn't then convert them to fiat at some point? I know someone on this thread has said that some businesses just operate with their business partners using bitcoin and not fiat but at some point in that business to business chain someone converts bitcoin to fiat to buy materials, pay staff, staff converting bitcoin they are paid to pay their rent etc. If the coins aren't exchangeable on the exchanges then why would anyone want them?
**tl;dr: I am not arguing for UASF/economic consensus in this comment - just pointing out that it is nodes that define consensus and not all nodes carry the same amount of 'power' so randomly spinning up more nodes doesn't enable you to control consensus and neither does mining alone.**
@_date: 2017-03-20 07:26:52
@_date: 2017-03-28 18:51:42
How are you defining what the *wrong* chain is by the way? Are you assuming that the chain with the most hash power is the *right* chain? 
I think the Exchanges know that their hand is a strong one and they are stating their positions all the more frequently and strongly.
I'd rather be on the chain with *less 'transaction sorting and time-stamping' power* but with:
* Coins that can be exchanged for fiat and vice versa
* Transaction times that may take longer to process but where those transactions move value
Than on the chain with *more 'transaction sorting and time-stamping' power* but with: 
* Coins that can't be exchanged for fiat and vice versa
* Transaction times that take less time to process but where those transactions carry little real value
EDIT: sounds argumentative of me on re-read, wasn't trying to be, just asking and saying what I would prefer/think will happen after the Exchanges have come out in large numbers saying they would either not support BU outright or not without some critical changes. Also - they *can't* support both (as your low risk option suggests) until replay attack prevention and the like are added to BU because of the high risk that puts them at with existing customer's coins being lost due to replay attacks.
@_date: 2017-03-20 10:59:24
That's not a problem - it seems more responsible to do that than vote and not really know what you voted for.
It's better to not vote than cast an uninformed vote which negates the vote of someone else who did have an informed opinion.
@_date: 2017-03-20 19:02:54
I think my tone was set after you replied to a previous comment I had made where I simply stated that LN was a "choice" and was not being "forced" on people as someone else said with:


But I agree- there's too much arguing here anyway so lets let my patronising tone negate your calling something I said "absurd", leave it rest and move on :-)
@_date: 2017-03-28 14:14:41
There's a post from nullc about scaling that was made a year ago and is still relevant:
@_date: 2017-03-26 07:08:08
More Segwit supporting blocks have been mined in the last 144 blocks than BU supporting blocks.
EDIT: 
EDIT 2: Not the case any more unfortunately:  (@ 19:19 GMT) 
@_date: 2017-03-20 11:14:32
Simple answer: It's because you are moving bitcoin from one address to another. 
Longer answer: The address you are moving it to will be one that comes under the 'control' of your blockchain wallet. When you see (for example) 2 BTC in your blockchain wallet what it is doing is summing up all the bitcoin in the addresses that it generated for you to store bitcoin in. So you might actually have that 2 BTC spread out over a lot of actuall addresses. The wallet will kep all the private keys needed to access those addresses. Let's say you had 1 BTC in one address and 1 BTC in a sedond in your blockchain wallet. It would show your balance as 2 BTC. If you then sent 2 BTC to someone it would transfer the 1 BTC from the first address and the 1 BTC from the other address to the recipient's address in one transaction.
The imported address won't be included in the blockchain wallet total. When you transfer from the imported one to one that has been generated by your blockchain wallet what will actually happen is a transaction will be broadcast (and you will pay the fees) and it will be sent to a new address that the blockchain wallet generated and 'controls'.
If you have a blockchain wallet that was created by an HD Wallet Seed (likely) your blockchain wallet can be re-created and give you access to all the addresses it generated by re-creating them if you ever lose access to your wallet as long as you have the original seed phrase. If you lost your blockchain wallet as it is now and did not keep a record of the imported address's private key you would also loose access to the funds in that address forever.
So basically - transferring your imported address's balance might be a safe thing to do and just pay the transaction fee if you think the cost of that is off-set by the security of being able to recreate the balance if you lose the imported keys in the future.
@_date: 2019-03-25 11:20:31
"Easy Fix"? Getting the vast majority of the network's users to all support the change and upgrade to a new client that enables the change at the same time. Not easy. Fixes what? Temporary relief from higher than normal fees? Sets a precedent for knee-jerk reactions to temporary pressures. Look at how high transaction counts got early 2019 ([ did you notice the high fees in Feb 2019? No, there were none because the "super hard thing" you refer to alleviated that without the need for a hard fork. Changing a 1 to a 2 or a 2 to a 4 in code is indeed easy, but getting consensus is what you are ignoring.
@_date: 2017-03-01 13:05:08
Yep - see edit. Deleting then.
@_date: 2019-03-26 18:35:34
Ha ha, true if the developer you get to do it is one guy with no peer reviewers. I meant in the context of the comment I was replying to: if core Devs and the Bitcoin core review process covered it. 
@_date: 2017-03-27 08:25:22
The [link]( you requested.
@_date: 2017-03-21 21:12:32
Could well be but it went to 410 last time (dropped from 781) and it's at 502 now (dropped from 710) so if you are right only a small number of nodes updated, potential only the difference between 410 and 502 (92 nodes)? 
That's not very active node patching if true.
@_date: 2017-03-20 09:40:59
The side you seem to support is doing this (to use your analogy) - 
* Tell people that their water is being poisoned by an evil corporation that is hell bent on selling them expensive bottled water. Don't bother mentioning that the 'expensive' alternative would actually be cheaper or the same price at most as yours - as defined by economic choice of the people who consume the water.
* Also ignore the fact that the people building the system that has *enabled* you to pump water and charge people for using it for all these years are the ones you are now painting as the bad guys. People love a good conspiracy and hopefully the ones who follow you won't be very technically literate and misunderstand how the system works. (*1)
* You then use this fear that you have created to justify taking complete control of the water supply available and to veto anyone else from even having the chance to sell water to everyone (bottled or otherwise). 
* Any attempts to point out that the 150 engineers working in open-source collaboration for years to provide improvements, limiting risks and reduce the likelihood of poison attacks on the water supply that they have been running for years by malicious groups will then be ignored by your followers because they do not have the technical understanding of those 150 engineers and instead react to the fear mongering tactics you are using.
* Your followers believe they are fighting 'the man' whilst the whole time they are helping to ensure you have a monopoly over the water supply.
* You hire a team of 8 engineers to come up with a way to ensure than you can take over the water supply out-right when needed. This fails and the water supply you are promoting fails to deliver any water as the supply system crashes, no worries though - you can just point at this and say "Hey, **they** did this to our supply... they must be the ones behind this and have exploited a fundamental weakness in it... ignore the fact that our water supply system has fundamental weaknesses in it for the moment though yeah".
Do you not see that you are supporting a cartel and not a free market with free market choices?  
(*1) I don't expect you to raise your head up and try to understand this though as I see that from a previous post you also believe that "Hash power is the only actual authentic vote in this system." - and therefore do not understand consensus (technical or economic) within Bitcoin at a fundamental level. Seriously - assuming you have at least some technical knowledge it will take you 5 minutes of reading to understand how consensus works in Bitcoin if you want...
The definition of Consensus from: 
"When several nodes (usually most nodes on the network) all have the same blocks in their locally-validated best block chain."
* Nodes determine consensus and the longest proof of work chain is the result of that consensus.
* Transactions that conform to consensus rules implemented by network nodes get propagated around the network by those nodes (and not ones that conform to different rules) and are picked from that pool of nodes by miners to be added to blocks to be mined which are then checked again by nodes and propagated only if they conform to consensus rules. 
* Nodes define consensus based upon what they determine to be valid blocks. A Miner can't just spew out blocks that don't conform to consensus in order to make the longest chain and claim that their chain is the one that therefore 'rules' as you put it.
* If a contentious hard-fork arises (where nodes are not in agreement over consensus rules) it doesn't matter which chain is the longest as they are now different coins (one being an 'alt-coin') because they conform to different consensus rules.
And from the Dictionary: "a generally accepted opinion or decision among a group of people". The more people (nodes) who agree one way (conform to a Bitcoin consensus rule) the more they form consensus, out-weighing other opinions. 
So to keep it as simple as I can for you - Consensus arises when the majority of nodes (people in the room) agree on something (consensus rules). These are then presented by the group (nodes) to be signed off on by a miner (blocks are mined). If the miner then issues something that was not agreed on the nodes reject it. Even if the miner spews out more and more (creates an ever longer chain) of these rules he is signing they will not be accepted by the consensus group - they will just accept the first signed agreement from the first signer (miner) who sends them back a correct version in line with what they signed. They will then share it around and consensus in the group is agreed and documented.
Back to your water analogy - you can pump out as much water as you like (mine an alt-coin) but if the majority of people who own taps (nodes, especially the ones who have economic weight like the Exchanges) decide to get their water from their previous supplier who has now upgraded their water system to offer them an instant, cheaper water supply that hasn't failed to provide water and with the ability to switch to your supply whenever they should choose you won't do very well and your cartel will fail.
Economic consensus is when the majority of nodes that actually help give Bitcoin it's value in fiat by allowing it to be converted to fiat agree on a set of rules. You will see (if you read it) that according to the document signed by the majority of Exchanges they will list Bu as an alt-coin and will not even allow it to be traded unless they make changes to the way it works - in particular surround replay attach prevention.
Who would keep mining a chain where the block reward is not exchangeable for money? I know someone on another thread has said that some businesses just operate with their business partners using bitcoin and not fiat but at some point in that business to business chain someone converts bitcoin to fiat to buy materials, pay staff, staff converting bitcoin they are paid to pay their rent etc. If the coins aren't exchangeable on the exchanges then why would anyone want them?
Anyway - that's far too much time for me to have spent on the matter when all you had to do is research the fundamentals of the system you support.
EDIT: formatting of bullet points.
@_date: 2017-03-20 07:24:12
...don't forget that Segwit also enables second layer scaling - of which there are several implementations in development and not just Lightning Network. Second layer scaling offers instant transactions without the need for ten minute confirmation times. Also worth adding that this second layer is *optional* for the user.
Worth mentioning at least, unless if doesn't suit your agenda.
@_date: 2017-03-18 07:06:21
I think you should edit your post as the last statement about BTU being assigned the BTC symbol if it becomes dominant isn't in line with what the actual statement from the exchanges says, regardless of what was written in the coindesk article:
@_date: 2017-03-21 21:14:02
So you suspect it may be vulnerable nodes that haven't applied the fix being hit with the same attack as before?
EDIT: nope, happens on newest version as well:
BU node version 1.0.1.1:


@_date: 2017-03-19 07:14:51
Just to clarify:
Nodes determine consensus and the longest proof of work chain is the result of that consensus.
Transactions that conform to consensus rules get propagated around the network by nodes and are picked from that pool of nodes by miners to be added to blocks to be mined which are then checked again by nodes and propagated only if they conform to consensus rules.
@_date: 2017-03-17 12:37:43
If you are a chart watcher - just zoom out... it's doubled in price since September 2016. 
@_date: 2017-03-20 11:54:57


I wouldn't think so unless relay protection is guaranteed. Poloniex have issued a statement:
"We will support Bitcoin Core continuously as BTC. In line with our current internal policy, if you have Bitcoin on balance at the time of the fork, we will make Bitcoin Unlimited available for withdrawal provided it is safe to do so. At a minimum, any new fork must include built-in replay protection. Without replay protection, we would be unable to preserve customers' Bitcoin Unlimited without halting Bitcoin withdrawals, which is unfeasible.
At this time, we have not determined whether or not we will be listing Bitcoin Unlimited."
@_date: 2017-03-20 09:58:27
No - I am referring to mining companies and how under the BU consensus rules they can gradually (or rapidly) raise the blocksize, orphaning new blocks mined by other miners. This is not 'a core shill' saying this - it is part of the BU consensus rules.
This could be repeated until those smaller other miners are forced (for economic reasons) to abandon chains they have worked on and mine the one with the new bigger block size consensus rules as issued by a leading majority miner. This is economically damaging for the smaller miners who operate on the edges or profitability. This process can then be repeated until the number of miners is slowly reduced to only those with huge capacity and resources. 
Listen - I can't be bothered to try and educate you again on another discussion thread - google it, you should at least understand the technical details of how the proposal **you** support works before making low-level comments with no understanding of what you are talking about. Here is a few links for you to start with - one is even just a google search result that you can start with to learn about how BU works from a source you will not label as being 'owned by core' or some such: take it from there. Enjoy your reading and learning about the things you talk about. Learning can be fun remember!
EDIT - this [post]( sets it out better than I could
@_date: 2017-03-20 07:10:22
I think OP was referring to Segwit *enabling* second layer, instant, low fee trasactions as the 'jpeg'.
@_date: 2017-03-26 19:25:56


I can get to it now. Oh... 
Maybe they need to add one of those 1990's animated 'this site is under construction' gifs to complete the look? ;-)
Sorry to mock the site but it does need work.
@_date: 2017-03-21 17:16:06


Think about how giving the miners the power to define their own block size might enable some big mining operations from squeezing out the smaller miners that don't have direct access to new ASIC hardware might further affect centralisation. Do you trust that their motivations are best for bitcoin? Some people do and some don't.


Think also about what you want Bitcoin to be in the future - the same thing as it is now or for additional layers to add valuable new features and use-cases (pay-per-second video on demand, machine-to-machine instant payments etc). Could additional layers on top of the existing protocol add this just like the TCP/IP stack has grown to have 4 layers - the top one being HTML, SMTP, FTP etc that add the real value and explode the user base and application diversity? Segwit *enables* layer 2 solutions. BU enables the miners to expand the block size which might lead to lower fees on chain, might not.


What about a second layer than gives you a choice of the fee structure you use instead of giving you just one option? How important is being able to choose if you pay for instant transactions on Lightning Network or regular Bitcoin transactions on chain or at least having the *option* to choose?
You are right - it IS hard to be unbiased even though I have tried! ;-)
@_date: 2017-03-26 16:11:04
Core node count has also increased at a greater rate than BU node count over the last month:
BU - from 673 to 789 = factor of 1.17
Core - from 4770 to 5720 = factor of 1.20
Admittedly not much in it but the rise of the Core nodes is increasing at a greater rate than BU's all the same.
@_date: 2017-03-20 16:27:58
If you want to use it to transfer value between friends and family it would work with smaller hubs - **&lt;insert that quote about 6 degrees of separation and Kevin Bacon here&gt;**. 
Just imagine how connected people would be on LN if you could link your social network groups to it via some new Layer 2 app - which admittedly hasn't been developed yet ;-)
@_date: 2017-03-18 08:01:11
Crazy isn't it? The people who don't want end-users to benefit from the Layer 2 instant and very low fee transactions that segwit enables are those people who currently make money from the existing main-chain high transaction fees (miners) and the followers of a sub that somehow believe that they are fighting 'the man' by opposing segwit. 
If I had a bitcoin for every time someone on that 'other sub' posts that segwit and core are just supporting the *potential* profit of any company (AXA is a favourite they mention) who invested in seeing a Layer 2 solution whilst *simultaneously* blindly ignoring the fact that by doing so they are supporting **existing** companies (miners) who are making more profit from preventing the addition of a lower-fee layer the miners can't make money from... I would be minted.
@_date: 2017-03-15 18:05:37
Good response. ++
@_date: 2017-03-23 06:42:30
Just for some perspective it's still more than was held in January... it went up 21% in February and fell 15% in March:
7825.2923 Bitcoin = Total for March.
7590.4195 Bitcoin = Total for January.
@_date: 2017-03-20 16:49:07
If they were that good at trading and could guarantee profits they would all be sitting on private island sunning themselves having made millions for themselves, not taking fees to trade for you ;-)
As for buying and hodling - go here and zoom out a bit:
My own personal perspective is that every time I have said 'right, that is enough now - it won't go up much more and I am not paying $x for 1 Bitcoin... I have then ended up buying for more than $x (let's say $y) a month or two later and cursing myself for not buying when it was $x' - I have repeated this many times over the last few years ;-)
@_date: 2017-03-20 16:51:54
What stops people voting more than once? I tried it out of interest and it seems to allow you to.
EDIT: IP duplication checking apparently - I had rebooted my crappy router between votes and get a new dynamically assigned IP. 
@_date: 2017-03-18 09:04:46
My 2 cents on the subject - [Moving from ‘Digital Gold’ to a trust-less and instant payment system](
@_date: 2017-03-25 21:38:54
Economic majority in this context means the economic majority within a closed system that broadcasts it's intent through bitcoin nodes and public declarations of support.
Opium users do not openly broadcast their usage of opium and the two markets are not competing or comparable. The comparison has no merit and using the word 'hence' does not add any intellectual weight to your argument.
If the major exchanges within the Bitcoin ecosystem refuse to exchange Coin B for fiat (and vice versa) but *do* enable users to exchange Coin A then they add their economic weight to Coin A. If the majority of economic activity occurs on those exchanges and the majority of active nodes also signal support for Coin A you would have a job arguing that the economic majority doesn't support Coin A.
@_date: 2017-03-25 19:57:56
I meant things like "Bitcoin is a failed experiment". It's just going through a period of illness that's all. After the illness has passed it will have evolved a better 'immune system' to reduce the likelihood of catching the centralisation bug again! 
@_date: 2017-03-22 07:25:56
"At least 3 other projects (c-lightning, lit, lnd) are actively working towards the same goal. We have even started interoperability tests with c-lighting!"
This is great news as well.
@_date: 2017-03-25 12:50:25
Can someone sum-up the months and months of debate in a few lines that would enable you to completely understand the entire situation you​ mean? You might be expecting a bit much there... ;-)
@_date: 2017-03-15 17:49:38
Perhaps as long as the blocks are nearly/actually full they don't mind - I doubt a poor user experience would ever damage bitcoin enough to cause there to be so few transactions that blocks are only slightly full and transaction price drops as a result. There will always be enough people to fill the blocks is my own personal assumption. Bitcoin is being used as a 'digital gold' at the minute until a decent payment solution (like LN) enables instant payment without the 10 minute delay.
@_date: 2017-03-21 20:42:16
First time I've laughed on this forum for a while. Thanks ;-)
@_date: 2017-03-23 20:16:25


A lot of discussions around this scenario boil down to how greed affects human behaviour rather than the purely technical aspects of a hard fork - so predicting outcomes becomes very subjective. It does seem unlikely, but as you say, it's good to remain objective. 
[This]( article sets out two possible scenarios where miners might swing back to mining a smaller chain, the result being their own financial gain. Anyway, it's an interesting article of which I will post a few lines from the first possible scenario the author outlines below as food for thought...








EDIT: formatting, typos and the removal of the word 'hypothesises' because I keep spelling it wrong and am now doubting if it's even a word.
@_date: 2017-03-21 17:07:20
Flip it around and consider the opposite for some perspective: if the exchanges and majority of user's nodes don't support the new alt-coin what value does it have?
If you can't sell your newly forked version of bitcoin on an exchange because it is incompatible with the nodes they run because you have't met the requirements they set out earlier this week (link below) how long would you keep mining it before having a re-think and reverting?
There have been plenty of threads about what you are asking this week so have a browse around ;-)
@_date: 2017-03-21 17:51:59
A little editing to add carriage returns and break this into paragraphs might make reading it a bit easier by the way ;-)
@_date: 2017-03-28 19:59:59
I assume that the intended audience for this is probably already familiar with what roles nodes and miners play in the network but from what I have seen lately there is a lot of misconception about how consensus is formed on the Bitcoin network itself amongst the wider community.
So maybe add a brief section on how that works if you intend to publish outside of professional circles?
I wouldn't claim to be able to suggest a better start to this section that to quote from [shaolinfry](


@_date: 2017-03-17 15:51:33


I don't know if they would need forcing or would welcome this proposal - I think that is part of the reason for posting here by shalonifry - to gather opinion and feedback and hear from the community - the U in UASF. Perhaps exchanges like the fixes and improvements that SW delivers - it's not all about enabling Lightning Network ;- )  
EDIT: in OP's post: 


SW benefits listed here for reference:
I agree that there will likely be exchanges who would support and exchange the 'non-UASF' chain's coins. It would then depend on the economic consensus to pick which one was worth pointing your hash power into mining. Which exchange's users provide the most market demand and end up paying you the most for your coins basically.


I don't understand what you mean here sorry. Feel free to elaborate with an example scenario of how this would occur.
Just to clarify - I only posted my initial comment to correct the comment "Nodes don't determine consensus" and I am not coming down on either side of the debate until I read more and understand the technical and possible social effects more.
EDIT: See my post below which may explain how they won't get mined into both chains: 


@_date: 2017-03-22 14:00:11
Thanks for the effort put into the document - seems simple enough and puts some fears to rest.
@_date: 2017-03-26 19:18:58
What do you think it suggests? Why would they turn off hashing power on purpose other than to upgrade/ perform maintenance etc?
The BU hash power drop throughout the day has been talked about a lot on here and Twitter and the price of Bitcoin has gone up in the last 11 hours... (possible link perhaps?)
It's gone from a low of $888 (finex) to a max of £1006, which helped miners profits today. 
Then again - suggesting they reduced their hash power on purpose (and knowing the attention that would get for the pro-SW majority of users) to earn more from the block rewards would mean that they know that them signalling for BU causes the price to drop and their profits to follow... and yet they still think that they should be pursuing BU. Something doesn't add up with that theory but I thought I'd throw it out there. Open for discussion I guess!
@_date: 2017-03-21 11:50:14
Just to elaborate on why it wouldn't be a good idea for those wondering:
You'd then have to then change other things as well:
* Block reward would have to be reduced
* The halving period would have to be increased
* Difficulty re-targeting period would need changing
* Applications that use 6 confirmations as a safe number would need to be changed etc etc.
The important thing is the amount of work that went into adding blocks on top of the one your transaction got initially confirmed in - so you'd have to wait for many more confirmations in the ten second scenario to be sure of safety as the energy and effort expended to get to (say) 6 blocks to be safe now would be more like 360 blocks in the above ten second scenario - **which is still 10 minutes worth of work!**
You would also create many more orphaned blocks as the likelihood of different miners finding a block at the same time would increase, that would cost them money and make you think your transaction had been confirmed when the block it was confirmed in might then be orphaned.
There are more reasons but this list is a good enough start ;-)
@_date: 2017-03-28 17:59:05
Every day could be a learning day for you if you spent more time reading and less time randomly posting terms you fail to understand ;-)
@_date: 2017-03-15 13:53:55
If you put yourself in the shoes of a miner - they make money from transaction fees. Taking transactions off chain via LN via SW would mean less transactions on-chain long term. I wouldn't be so keen to enable transactions to occur off-chain where I couldn't claim a transaction fee if I were them. Perhaps that? Just my thoughts...
@_date: 2017-03-29 12:48:18
I guess in that scenario there would only be the BU chain operating but I think it would have little value if it was the result of a 51% attack on the original chain. Any attack on the original chain would undermine the trust, immutability and belief in there being 'no centralised authority' that gives Bitcoin a large part of it's value today. Everyone would lose - apart from the alt-coin pumpers, but that's a whole different discussion around motives ;-)
So I do see your point about dissenting nodes not being able to enforce much under this scenario - I just don't see an 80%+ miner supported attack working out for well for either the miners or users.
The reason I say 80%+ outlined below (ignore if you already know) ;-)
* The fork-and-also-attack-the-original-chain approach: (fork and 51% attack) - needs about 80%+
Imagining there were 100 'units' of hash power out there spread between mining pools.
If a malicious group of miners had 70 of those they could dedicate:
A) 37 to a new hard-forked chain with a bigger block size 
B) 33 to attacking the original 1MB chain with it's 30 units of hash power
The reason it's not 35 and 35 is that you wouldn't want your miners allocated to B overtaking those in A. As there is variance in finding blocks you still wouldn't be guaranteed of anything of course so they might aim for 80 initially rather than 70.
* The just-exclude-non-signalling blocks on the existing chain until we all signal BU then fork approach: (colluding 51% attack) - needs more than 51% + some strong arm tactics
Another attack vector is the idea that a powerful group of miners could start mining in collusion to exclude the blocks found by 'non-conforming' miners on the existing 1MB chain. They would need &gt;51% but possibly less than the 80% needed above to do this hypothetically. So basically - "if you aren't signalling the way we want we won't build on your blocks in the current 1MB chain and you will risk losing the coinbase rewards you got as your blocks will be orphaned." You'd still need a majority for this to work but if one such mining pool also supplied a lot of the hardware you needed to mine you don't know what pressures groups are already under to signal.
This bullying of the other miners into joining them by cancelling out any blocks they found if they didn't 'sign up' to BU would be a very weak show of consensus as if you are forcing people to signal in this way by holding their profits at ransom you are placing a lot of trust that they will follow you when you do hard-fork and not retaliate by not following and laughing as you float off on a minority chain ;-)
So either way - I can't see it happening... but I am an eternally optimistic person so my view might be skewed ;-)
@_date: 2017-03-15 16:58:32
I think it's fair to assume that the average miner wants to maximise their wealth as that is what the average person wants to do. So when asked why you think a miner might not support segwit you then have to look at how supporting sw might reduce their ability to maximise their profits. 
They are hardly likely to state on record that they don't actually want SW because they don't want to lose fees to a second layer. They would more likely just say they were motivated by something else.
@_date: 2017-03-28 17:56:35
I spent ages explaining it to you 2 days ago [here]( where you equated the economics of opium dealers to Bitcoin and stated Economic Majority was a hoax.
Perhaps if you read responses to your random postings you wouldn't have to keep asking (in **bold**) every day.
@_date: 2017-03-31 18:04:13


Zero chance of mining with that. If you want bitcoin you would be better off buying some rather than trying to get into mining now.
@_date: 2019-03-26 18:41:32
I was actually going to use people crying because they couldn't buy a game on Steam as a reason to not knee jerk a block size increase. 
You have banking 2.0 if you have a centralised authority, not if you have to pay a fee, you know, the thing that you pay to use the world's only decentralised form if money. I assume you use BAB/BSV now then? Do you think it has decentralised properties that differentiates it from fiat long term?
@_date: 2017-03-20 16:21:39
Bitcoin politics aside for a moment - this is an interesting development in terms of publication and censorship. Very thought provoking.
@_date: 2017-03-21 20:03:17
Watch [this]( as someone else suggested. Building additional layers and applications on top of a stable base protocol is what got us from simple text-based usenet groups to streaming HD video on the internet.
@_date: 2017-03-22 08:35:21
[Jihan Wu](
The BU coins would be listed as BTU. See [the document the exchanges signed]( for more info.
@_date: 2017-03-27 08:24:33
Just for reference:
See [this]( worrying post from Peter R. Rizun.
In it Peter suggests adoption will swing heavily once it's over 51% in the section titled "Anti-split protection". What he refers to as 'level 3 anti-split protection' seems to be a 51% attack by another name. 
@_date: 2017-03-20 07:04:39


That *might* not be their ultimate goal of course. It might be to give a few miners more power to control the fee market and maximise their own block mining capabilities by squeezing out smaller miners by gradually raising the block size whilst simultaneously preventing transactions from moving to faster, cheaper layers that they have no control over.
@_date: 2017-03-20 11:20:52
Only if they list BTU - see this statement issued by the Exchanges on this exact subject: 
@_date: 2017-03-21 22:27:19
That error message can be caused by a number of things. If you Google it there​ are plenty of instances of it being reported and fixed by core because of different root causes.
They just find one reference to an open bug that has the same error message as the one they are seeing and scream that it's a core bug!
It's desperation on their part.
@_date: 2017-03-23 06:55:24


I think you need to do some market research before you dedicate any more time to it ;-)
@_date: 2017-03-26 07:17:05
For those who will ask for a source:
EDIT: just so we don't end up like the other sub, blindly ignoring things that we don't want to see: BU has just inched  ahead in the last 144 block counts:
@_date: 2017-03-17 13:29:57


Hmmmm - see:
 and 
(from the first link):
Each full node in the Bitcoin network independently stores a block chain containing only blocks validated by that node. When several nodes all have the same blocks in their block chain, they are considered to be in consensus. The validation rules these nodes follow to maintain consensus are called consensus rules. This section describes many of the consensus rules used by Bitcoin Core.
Paraphrasing u/Frogolocalypse:
Transactions are propagated through the network based upon the agreed consensus rules by nodes. Miners retrieve valid transactions from any of these nodes then order the transactions, and perform a hashing function on them until the hashing function returns a value that is suitable to the nodes. They then pass the new block that they've created to the nodes which then validate the block to ensure that each of the transactions within the block agree with the consensus rules. They then pass the new valid block, if it is valid, to other nodes and each of these other nodes each do the same validation on every block.
EDIT: Nodes do determine consensus and the longest proof of work chain is the result of that consensus. Transactions that conform to consensus rules get propagated around the network and are picked by miners to be added to blocks to be mined which are then checked again by nodes and propagated if they conform to consensus rules.
That's my understanding from reading the links I posted anyway.
EDIT 2: Either way the UASF is about 'economic consensus' so even if miners decided to only mine from non-segwit conforming nodes (e.g BU) and regardless of how many there were, the blocks and coinbase coins that came from those blocks would not be recognised by the nodes running at exchanges, wallet providers etc that were on segwit ready rules and so could not be exchanged for fiat on those exchanges or exchanged with those wallets. One issue for discussion is that the nodes with 'economic weight' behind them would decide which rules were adopted because they are the ones giving access to the economic properties of the mined coins. Why would a miner mine a coin that could not then be exchanged. Again - just my understanding of this.
@_date: 2017-03-19 16:54:53
Isn't that an issue to you? That a lesser number of people who happen to have more money behind them can subvert the network to be what they want? i.e. no matter how many end-users run a node a handful of miners can 'out-node' them - sounds worrying to me.
@_date: 2017-03-23 18:59:19
Ah, gotcha! Yes indeed then, in that context it *is* terrifying!
@_date: 2017-03-25 21:43:06
Spot on. Always reminds me of what potential there is in Bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-03-19 06:51:06


Is correct but they are trying to do that by preventing any second layer solutions that would enable cheap and instant transactions that they can't profit from from being enabled.
They make money from fees *because* blocks are nearly full/often are full and therefore users have to outbid other users to get their transactions in the blocks. If there was room in each block for every transaction broadcast to fit in why would anyone need to pay to outbid anyone elses fee?
I can't understand why people think that enabling segwit would *force* people into using solutions like Lightning Network. It wouldn't. People would have the option to use it if it was there. Why would they choose to use it? Because the fees are lower and the transactions instant. If that became untrue and the second layer fees became too high they would just use the normal ten minute confirmation time blockchain and it's fees.
@_date: 2017-03-01 17:46:47
I feel I am missing something with the debate over Lightning Network (via Segwit) and Bitcoin Unlimited... surely a big miner like this would oppose anything like LN that enabled people to transact without paying fees to them.
If you doubled the block size I guess it's fair to assume that although the transaction fee might be expected to halve the number of transactions could double so the net effect is still the same amount of profit from fees as before. All good for the miners. If you introduce something where people can prime a channel then make transactions off chain until it's closed they are going to see less transactions and therefore less fee profit.
So surely miners would oppose anything that supported anything like the Lightning Network... or like I said, am I missing something?
EDIT: so it seems like the BU supporters are saying "hey these core devs work for a company that might possibly make money from charging you to transact in the future, therefore they are evil" whilst not saying "Hey, we already charge you fees and would like to continue doing so". I've been following this for an age but still don't understand why people would be surprised that some people who make money from fees oppose something that might reduce their ability to make money from charging fees.
@_date: 2017-03-12 07:55:18
Anyone in the UK can get one like this from Etsy...
I don't think the original vendor link works now but just search for bitcoin mug. Not sure if each vendor accepts bitcoin or not although I think it's easy for them to via Etsy if they set it up.
@_date: 2017-03-30 16:53:20
First off you are referring to Segnet and not Testnet. Straight away showing you have no understanding of what you are referring to but are happy to post comments like this anyway.
Testing came out of there onto Testnet so Segnet is not representative of a true test environment any more.
See the post below if you want to look beyond this comment and see the responses from Luke-jr here which explains away the FUD... if you are interested in "fact over FUD" that is:
EDIT: typo.
@_date: 2017-03-19 16:52:08
Doesn't the fact that the majority of full nodes support Segwit and the signed document from the exchanges also show economic support?
Couldn't socially backed support - like number of social site subscribers supporting one side more than the other also not be used?
I think they can and show economic support for BU is less than for 'not BU'.
What measures would you use to show economic support? 
For reference - the document the Exchange's signed:
@_date: 2017-03-28 19:12:57
Who will they sell their BTU coins to and how will they sell them?
@_date: 2017-08-04 18:07:28
Actually - it's called market demand. One has it, one doesn't. 
Even worse for the second one is that many people can't even deposit to sell yet, or may not even risk trying to deposit it just yet until easier to use options are available for fear of getting it wrong and losing their valued BTC.
Anyway, a quick view of your recent comments shows a lot of optimism for BCash so I am unlikely to change your opinion. I assume you are one of the few buying it bearing in mind you believe...








Good luck with that.
@_date: 2017-08-04 18:42:21
So... if the network is used and there is demand for it there will be demand for it and the network will be used...
Thing is - as it stands now it's supposed to be 'Bitcoin but spendable like cash' - as in cheaper fees, less waiting, trusting zero confirmations etc... but you can't spend it on anything other than Bitcoin and other alt coins, most exchanges require 20 or so confirmations and it takes ages for the blocks to be mined. So, bit of a flop on take-off so far.
@_date: 2017-01-22 17:28:55
I hadn't used them in over a year but this has made me go back.. Not that the fees were ever that high, just annoying when you are trying to work out profit and loss.
Recently refunded my account with GBP via a wire to their Czech Republic bank account and it cleared within an hour. It took longer for my Bitcoin transfer into the account to get confirmed 3 times. The wire and their admin fees cost me £10 in total mind you and the Bitcoin transaction fee was 0.0004BTC ( about £0.30).
Always tense when transferring money to a Czech bank account but coinfloor are a professional set up and I like that they produce a regular proof of solvency report.
@_date: 2017-08-08 18:04:22


So everyone who matters in Bitcoin is on these business calls are they?
That seems like the view of someone very much distanced from the community. It is the users who give it value is it not? Or is it just a business tool now in your eyes?
@_date: 2017-08-10 17:27:48
Of course they can!
I'm wiling to bet that most users won't upgrade their nodes to follow their hard fork though. Without replay protection I don't think exchanges will either. The small number of people behind SW2X have 90 days after Segwit activates to try and persuade those people to follow them. We'll see how that goes. Either way there will be a huge number of people who will not follow a group of 3 developers with control of a $50 billion network controlled by a select group of businesses.
@_date: 2017-08-08 12:48:04
All how many of you? 
I mean who actually supports a capacity bump 90 days after we go from 1 MB to up to potentially 4 MB, a contentious hard fork and handing development over to a tiny team organised by a group of businesses and the disruption it will cause?
...I don't mean who will go along with the miners because they are scared of the fallacy that 'hash power is king'.
@_date: 2017-08-06 19:14:40
The operation history caused me some tense moments last week as well. It's a thing I have had to sort nearly every time I switch from one chain to the other with my Nano - you just need to go to settings/tools and clear app data. That doesn't do anything to your nano - just clears the operations stored in the app - it then refreshes and you can see them all again. 
See: 
@_date: 2017-08-21 11:46:01
BCH hash rate will tumble when the difficulty adjusts don't you think? ;-)
@_date: 2017-08-05 07:54:31
Unfortunately segwit.co states it as already locked in, which it isn't... Yet.
This has it right: 
@_date: 2017-03-23 07:07:53
You could start by running a Core node.
Your question sounds rhetorical though and I suspect you already knew this ;-)
"I have an spare machine that has an internet connection that is more than fast enough to host a full node and has enough room to hold the blockchain on... what can I do with it?"
@_date: 2017-08-11 08:37:58


But it isn't though is it? It's about a group of businessmen trying to control the protocol to support their existing business models.
If I'd seen this before replying I wouldn't have. Are people honestly still clinging to this? 
@_date: 2017-08-08 12:54:17
Yes I agree - users can choose, which is great. It's just that this isn't a user driven demand change - that's my point in the OP.
Segwit is on its way to activating and big blocks are here in the form of Bitcoin Cash. So we are just going to have a contentious hard fork for what reason exactly? It's a moot point now is what I am saying. It is a hard fork just because some folks signed something a few months back. The landscape has changed now but they plough on regardless to save face?  ¯\ _(ツ)_ /¯
@_date: 2017-08-02 20:55:04
Nothing apart from an email address.
@_date: 2017-08-08 09:23:03
How would one group with a very small 'team' of funded developers who are being directed by businesses in the Bitcoin space trying to take over the reference client and remove it from its current repository that is supported by hundreds of open source developers be unifying exactly?


Well currently there are two if you believe some people. Why make a third? There is no way users will all abandon the Core reference implementation to follow the business backed SW2X version - so you'd have another permanent split.
This isn't about if you pay $1 in fees or $2 in fees or whatever - that is very short sighted. This is about not letting businesses dictate what Bitcoin is and bending it to suit their existing business models and keep them profitable. Bitcoin wasn't born from business needs, it has always and should always remain being about users not having to trust those such entities.


Are you serious? $1 to send any amount of value worldwide is low! If you want to buy coffee with Bitcoin wait a year.
@_date: 2017-08-09 18:48:34


For the good of a handful of businesses? ...a lot of which are funded by the DCG run by Barry Silbert. Bitcoin isn't a success because it caters to the needs of businesses. Stop fighting for decentralised peer-to-peer consensus and roll over and let businesses dictate how the protocol changes to suit their existing business models you mean?... just so you don't have to read people who stand up for the things that gave Bitcoin its value in the first place? What do you want - gifs and memes in every post as the protocol gets subverted? Whatever, we won't agree so leave it. You carry on pumping your 'censored forum' and 'Core illusion' stuff and I'll keep standing up for what I believe Bitcoin is. Fair enough?
EDIT: read this: 
There will always be some heated debate in Bitcoin due to its very nature. If you don't like it then ignore what's going on and let other people do the fighting for the common good on your behalf.
@_date: 2017-08-11 12:05:38
Care to share why? - there's a lot of people willing to say why they oppose the SW2X HF (seems mostly to involve governance) but just 'I support it' and 'me too' don't explain why. This post was made by someone asking for 'rational discussion', you replied with three words. That won't swing any of the undecided your way...
Excuse me if you have elaborated more elsewhere on the matter.
@_date: 2017-08-08 13:23:14


Such as? Do they also have a decentralised 'no trust required' model? Do they also have the network effect of Bitcoin and the 'brand' recognition. Do they also offer the same kind of reassurances on security of assets?
@_date: 2017-08-08 10:18:14


We're not talking about Twitter here. Bitcoin is a decentralised peer-to-peer system. You are saying centralisation is important for a decentralised system to scale (!?).
@_date: 2017-08-11 08:18:30
It doesn't matter - they can mine whatever blocks they want and 'vote' as you see it. Those 'votes' will be ignored by the consensus of nodes. Miner 'propose' blocks and nodes validate them and only accept them if they agree with their consensus rules. Bitcoin 101.
@_date: 2017-08-08 08:06:39
When you say miners - don't forget that about 30% of them were signalling for 'Segwit and no hard fork block size increase' before the NYA came along. The NYA was coercive and we don't even know how many are running the hard fork enforcing SW2X code over just plain BIP 91. 
I am sure those 30% haven't done a complete 360 on what they support in the last month or so. Plus there's the fact that no wallet or user run nodes actually support SW2X - with 3.5 months to go before the fork day.
I'm not getting into a 'hash power is king' debate again. It isn't, see UASF for reference.
@_date: 2017-08-08 11:49:27
Behind closed doors in New York and that's about it as far as I can tell.
@_date: 2017-08-08 08:44:50
LOL - good point! ;-)
@_date: 2017-08-08 12:50:08
A compromise between those who want Segwit (and are about to get it) and those who just wanted bigger blocks (and already have them)? No compromise is needed. It seems that both camps are not in favour of it - so why is it happening? It wont make anyone happy apart from the businesses who are trying to force it on us all.
@_date: 2017-08-08 15:57:26
Yeah - the point was if (and I very much doubt it will) it never gets integrated into Core (the SW2X HF code) and people think everyone will follow the HF then who will develop the client they use? There's nothing beyond the hard fork - it's just a hf for the sake of making the NYA look like it's a representation of who is in 'power' in Bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-08-19 16:36:13
There was no third option in the case of Ethereumn so the two situations are not directly comparable.
@_date: 2017-01-19 18:33:04
Nice work. Thanks for sharing.
@_date: 2017-08-08 08:23:24
By the way - the question was


and not 'how will miners force users into following their hard fork'.
@_date: 2017-08-21 13:46:31
Shows miners follow profit and nothing else - as has been said countless times.


You didn't reply...
@_date: 2017-08-07 06:34:55
See reply below.
@_date: 2017-08-08 20:20:14
Yep, lets fork a $50 billion network every time someone gets annoyed that their views aren't represented. I agree with your free market decide thing but if we are going to HF I'd rather it be planned longer and have consensus and add a few more things from the HF wish list. Anyway - as you say - market will decide - before the fork or after.
@_date: 2017-08-04 12:41:27
Did you also post to question any posts that were along the lines of:
"Bitcoin will crash before August 1st because of the UASF." 
and more recently...
"Bitcoin will crash on August 1st because of the hard fork."
...or did you follow through on [this]( and had already sold your Bitcoins before August 1st?
@_date: 2017-08-10 17:25:07


I didn't answer anything relating to that statement as it is incorrect and can be proven wrong by the recent UASF and past soft forks. Why do you not get that users can sit out little hash power with zero costs to themselves? Miners cannot sit out because they have to spend money every second of the day mining. 
No users = no value in the coins they mine.
@_date: 2017-08-08 15:51:41


..which is due to UASF.
@_date: 2017-08-08 16:17:43
but just 90 days after Segwit's own capacity increase? and no other 'HF wishlist' changes included?
@_date: 2017-08-19 17:01:15
Just to play devil's advocate - It is for some people. Not myself. 
Segwit2x won't be either in my eyes. That doesn't mean that either is not an option for some. Just like ETH and ETC in your comment - both were options for Ethereum users. The point of the OP is that someone may be trying to play the lack of replay protection in SW2X to the advantage of BCH. My point is that there may well be 3 options that are available in November, not two as in ETH and ETC.
@_date: 2017-08-08 13:58:26
Still not the users Eric.
@_date: 2017-08-08 15:09:59
No - I am not trying to tell you that you are saying that.
What I am asking is that bearing in mind the HF is planned and will cause massive disruption - where are the users who want it? They are very few or very silent.
Basically - are we about the hard fork in 3.5 months for a small number of 'grey' as you would like it to be seen.
@_date: 2017-08-09 08:08:23


Consensus of nodes.


Yes - BIP 9 was created to signal readiness, it was not intended to be a voting system. Doesn't matter - BIP 9 has been abused and won't be used again, back to nodes activating soft forks like before. The courtesy extended to miners to make sure they were ready for the activation was abused and will not be offered again.
@_date: 2017-08-08 08:34:55
I don't see any users calling out for Segwit2x - just people saying it will happen because 'hash power reasons'.
The big block supporters have their big block chain and are so opposed to Segwit they are unlikely to want a chain that has Segwit plus bigger blocks when they already have a bigger block chain.
Segwit itself enables these new features:
* Reduced Unspent Transaction Output (UTXO) growth.
* Script versioning.
* Linear scaling of sighash operations.
* Pay-to-script-hash (P2SH) Security boost.
* Signing of input values.
After that there's the Core roadmap and there are already multiple teams working on compatible Lightning Network implementations.
@_date: 2017-08-08 14:03:43
Number of Core devs at the NYA: 0.
I think a couple were extended an invite but to a meeting where they would be vastly outnumbered. It would have been futile and just labelled as 'well Core were there'.
@_date: 2017-08-08 13:33:33


Exactly as it was supposed to seem. They 'gave' us Segwit. Ha ha! 
Segwit was developed by very hard working members of the core project contributors. It was ready to run on 90% of nodes but held hostage by miners and an abuse of BIP 9. And now we are are supposed to say thank you for 'giving' us Segwit?! 
@_date: 2017-08-24 08:56:10
Here's a [good video]( about what you mention. 'Sell the Trojan Horse Coin immediately'.
@_date: 2017-08-09 08:06:18
No - I am not.
I am arguing against one 90 days after another capacity increase. I am arguing against one that just increases block size and does nothing else of benefit. I am arguing against one that shifts development of the client to one team of, what, three people? I am arguing against businesses controlling the protocol and dictating what happens to users on the network, the peers in Bitcoin's peer-to-peer decentralised network.
@_date: 2017-08-11 09:02:08


Yes - I agree.
People trying to control both mining *and* the reference client play on the misinformation that 'hash power is king' and many believe they have no choice with the Segwit2x hard fork but to 'follow the hashpower and businesses'. Those who know that hash power isn't everything are likely not concerned by SW2X but many people will not be so clued up. SPV wallet users may not have a choice unless they know what's going on.
The whole 'it is a compromise' tag line is also hard to swallow now that the two most active groups in the scaling debate have what they want... so I wonder what the Segwit2x folk's real motivation is.
@_date: 2017-08-09 21:49:55


I very much agree. Well said.
@_date: 2017-08-08 15:04:30
So they get to dictate what happens you are saying? They speak for their users as it where. The users must do as we deem fit for them... that kind of thing?
@_date: 2017-08-09 17:50:51
Good point, that's the right way to look at it.
@_date: 2017-08-11 12:05:46
Care to share why? - there's a lot of people willing to say why they oppose the SW2X HF (seems mostly to involve governance) but just 'I support it' and 'me too' don't explain why. This post was made by someone asking for 'rational discussion', you replied with two words. That won't swing any of the undecided your way...
Excuse me if you have elaborated more elsewhere on the matter.
@_date: 2017-08-23 13:10:10


Aren't they just...
@_date: 2017-08-08 13:10:21
You seem to not know how the time-stamping is actually carried out.
Ok - you think users follow hash power whilst I think miners mine for a profit. Fair enough - I'm not getting into another dead end debate over this.
@_date: 2017-08-21 14:16:24
In case you can't figure this out yourself: pump price of alt-coin then immediately start mining it and sell off as you go. Just another alt-coin pump and dump. Were you getting excited because you thought the mining hash rate increase was for other reasons?
@_date: 2017-08-08 11:18:51
But Segwit2x will work on block weight not size.
the 2x doesn't mean 2 MB - it means a multiplier of 2 to the capacity increase Segwit already provides. So theoretical max around 3.7 * 2.
Does it look like we need an ~8 times increase at the minute? 
@_date: 2017-08-08 15:29:45


Is such a copy/paste response...next you are supposed to send me a link to the whitepaper. Zzzzz
@_date: 2017-08-21 14:09:33
Sorry - I'll reword it: 'crack on with your regular updates that you have waited 21 days to have the chance to post then...'
Either way - it's a pointless waste of time. A SHA(256) based alt-coin is being mined for short term profit which will end when the difficulty that is being gamed resets in a few days. ¯\ _(ツ)_ /¯
@_date: 2017-08-11 08:35:56
People downvote if they don't agree with what is said. Perhaps people don't support Segwit2x if you think it is seeing supporting comments getting downvoted?
Segwit2x is about a handful of business owner trying to wrangle control of the protocol by publishing decisions that they claim to have made on our behalf. It is that that I personally oppose the most about Segwit2x. Such central authority is completely at odds with the very idea behind Bitcoin's creation. Decentralised, peer-to-peer, trust-less. 
I have not stiffed discussion by stating that - I have just expressed my views.
I have seen many people state why they do not support Segwit2x and the majority of responses take the form:
'But it is a compromise' - when no compromise is now needed. Which passionate group of users of sufficient size to warrant such a disruptive hard fork were calling for this? The big block camp were so against Segwit they actively removed it from Bitcoin Cash before forking.
'But if miners fork with majority hash we will *have* to follow them' - when that isn't how Bitcoin works.
'But we made an agreement and shouldn't back out now we have Segwit' - we made no such agreement - the guys at the NYA did.
'I support it' or 'whats is wrong with 2 MB blocks?' - simple statements like that, with no reasons set out as to why or no consideration given to the impact on governance precedence setting this will have.
'But fees are too high' - right, so lets just throw the whole model Bitcoin was based on - decentralised governance - out of the window because some people want to use Bitcoin to buy a coffee or game on steam. Just be patient and look to the long term - don't abandon the whole philosophy behind Bitcoin just so you can use it today to buy a coffee.
@_date: 2017-08-05 11:10:15
Cool - check back with me when BCash is worth £2,000... or is it $3,000... or $5,000, you seem unsure... it's almost as if you are just pulling random numbers out of thin air to convince yourself and others that BCash is going to overtake Bitcoin. 'Mwah ha ha' etc.
@_date: 2017-08-08 18:02:05
I understand how the block weighting works. 
If you use the average transaction set it's around 2.3 MB last time I looked - might be more now as more people use multisig. That's a fair bit more than 1 MB. Yes - the ~4MB is a theoretical maximum and with the other data in a block it's actually closer to 3.7 MB.
With the '2x' applied it's about 5 MB for an average transaction block set but that could increase depending on the type of transactions in a block.
My point still stand though doesn't it? Looking at this -  is a second capacity increase after Segwit needed in just 90 days?
@_date: 2017-08-08 12:44:51
Because...'hash power is king' I suppose? 
Do people still believe that? It's like a certain group of people think the white paper was a blue-print for a piece of hardware that did SHA(256) hashing really quickly and then someone wrote software to make use of it.
Hash power is a time-stamp service miners get paid and rewarded for providing... buy users who pay the fees and give value to the coin by trading fiat for it. It costs users nothing to sit on their Bitcoin balances. It costs miners fiat every minute they run their mining rigs. No guessing who will win that stalemate.
Few users on a chain = no mining profit = no mining.
Little mining on a chain = miners will seek profit and will fill the gap and provide the users with the service they are willing to pay for.
@_date: 2017-08-04 18:14:45
Well, August 1st has come and gone and it's [50]( PH/s now... so 0.8% - up from 0.26%... was *that* what we were waiting for ;-)
@_date: 2017-08-11 13:43:56


A quick look on your comment history and a Ctrl+F on 'blockstream' - 13 hits on the first page. 6 mentions of 'Satoshi'. 4 mentions of '1 MB' (hint, google blockweight). 4 mentions of 'shill'. Give it a rest for the remainder of the day - you have hit your set daily target already, no need to keep on going.
@_date: 2017-08-08 18:16:42
Without users bitcoin would be worth...?
@_date: 2017-08-04 15:33:48
LOL - I agree actually - never understood why the Bitcoin logo faces that way - always looked odd... but now we know - the back of the B is the price trajectory ;-)
@_date: 2017-03-23 20:54:48
Ah, you got me - it was totally unintentional. When I realised it was flagged as 'Spoiler' I tried to remove it but couldn't!
(was it auto added because I had 'spoiler' in the title???)
@_date: 2017-08-08 13:06:52


Well then why introduce a hf that is going to mean people have to change their wallets and nodes, whatever to pick between 3 different 'Bitcoins'?


Who are we including by doing the SW2X HF exactly? Which users? It came from businesses in response to something that has already been resolved - or will be very soon.
The big block supporters who have forked to a chain that has Segwit actively removed from it aren't supported by the Segwit part of SW2X and neither are the supporters of Segwit who want Segwit and a period for that to settle in before a HF is considered.
That's my point - the SW2X HF is a HF 'compromise' that is not needed now. So now it is just a disruptive event that will confuse the non-technical and (even more so) the people coming to Bitcoin for the first time.
@_date: 2017-01-22 18:00:51
You can only withdraw to one address so bear that in mind if you start using them... the bank they use now is in the Czech Republic. The last transfer I did to them (last week) in GBP took less than an hour to clear which surprised me as I'm sure it took at least a day when I last funded my account with coinfloor a year or so ago.
@_date: 2017-08-07 16:06:09
Segwit moves to being locked in tomorrow - well, Wednesday in actual fact but it will hit the 95% needed to guarantee the lock in tomorrow. When it's locked in there's no backing out - it will activate 2016 blocks later (about 2 weeks time).
@_date: 2017-08-11 08:16:01
It's an attack on the governance model - a relatively very small number of people hiding behind the phrase 'business support' trying to dictate and control what happens in order to keep their existing business models in tact. 
The complete opposite to what Bitcoin was created to do.
@_date: 2017-08-08 15:50:38
Well said.
@_date: 2017-08-08 08:11:03
It *tries* to give them control of the reference client development as Core won't merge the SW2X hard fork code. Another reason it will fail.
What's the long term value of Bitcoin supported and developed by a handful of miner sponsored devs over the hundreds of talented Core contributors? 
SW2X is already many changes behind the Core code base and has no chance of catching up or keeping up.
@_date: 2017-08-14 16:34:08
The Blockstream name and logo make more sense now... kind of like a network of satellites circling the world... streaming blocks.
@_date: 2017-01-05 14:38:53
In the UK you can buy with a debit card through blockchain.info.
@_date: 2017-08-07 09:21:27
As someone else has pointed out it will be 481824... segwit.co has an error on it at the minute - if you click the 'Activation Periods' button and the current period (20) it says Segwit has already locked in this period... when it hasn't.
 shows it correctly.
@_date: 2017-08-08 13:49:09
In reply to the user who just deleted his comment which listed a long string of businesses after I took the time to reply: 
Yes - all businesses.
And now you will say that they represent a large number of customers who are therefore also by proxy supporting Segwit2X's hard fork.
What I asked was what actual user groups are *asking* for it. Where are the passionate cries for it like there have been for Segwit and a separate (non-Segwit inclusive) Hard Fork this last year?
As in - there has been heated debate between 'Segwit for scaling' and 'bigger block size hard fork' for scaling - and we will soon have both sets of users catered for.
The 'compromise' of the Segwit2X hard fork is a compromise between groups that have already independently got what they wanted. So what groups of users are calling for a hard fork 90 days after Segwit?
Their silence is deafening.
@_date: 2017-08-06 19:02:17
HitBTC worked well for me.
2 confirmations needed for BCH deposits.
BTC withdrawal took 5 minutes before it appeared as pending in my wallet.
You only need to enter an email to sign up and can enable 2FA if you want to.
@_date: 2017-08-08 18:06:16


In your opinion. I wonder how many UASF supporters for example will follow the hard fork and run btc1 compatible software. 
@_date: 2017-08-08 12:12:45
You realise that when the block reward halves every four years miners will become increasingly and then almost entirely dependant on fees?


What, $1 to send any amount of value worldwide without permission is too high you think?


It is not a small block size increase. It is a block weight increase with a maximum approaching 8 MB. Does that look needed 'right now' when you look at this? 
If you want the 'coffee purchase' scenario fees - that won't happen with layer one technology - that is what layer two solutions are for. Bitcoin layer one - secure store of value, move some to layer two for instant (not 10 minute) confirmations and virtually no fee. Let's not compromise the decentralised and 'trust-less' nature of Bitcoin (where is derives its value from in the first place) just so we can save $1 buying a coffee today. Use fiat for that at the minute if $1 is a lot of money to you - it devalues every day because of inflation so spend it whilst Bitcoin rises in value.
@_date: 2017-08-20 06:31:56
You've only updated one of the values in the calculation.
@_date: 2017-08-08 11:12:59
You are talking about straight linear scaling. Want your car to go faster? Strap another engine on top of it. 
Non-linear scaling occurs on layer 2.
If you followed the steps you have set out above the internet would never have got to the application layer (HTTP etc) - which is where the real adoption begun.
@_date: 2017-08-06 19:18:43
Are you sure they aren't just in the 'main account' section for bch?
You have to go into the Accounts tab and move them from Main Account to Trading Account before they show on the main trading page in HitBTC. 
@_date: 2017-08-11 12:05:54
Care to share why? - there's a lot of people willing to say why they oppose the SW2X HF (seems mostly to involve governance) but just 'I support it' and 'me too' don't explain why. This post was made by someone asking for 'rational discussion', you replied with three words. That won't swing any of the undecided your way...
Excuse me if you have elaborated more elsewhere on the matter.
@_date: 2017-08-02 06:42:24
Eric is a great ambassador for the Bitcoin Core project - always insightful, articulate and level headed.
@_date: 2017-08-08 13:20:27


Bitcoin hasn't yet no - but will do in about 2 weeks when Segwit activates. That's a capacity increase to up to ~4 MB when it's in use. So why then HF 90 days later to increase that up to ~8 MB without seeing the effect of the ~4 MB first?


...90 days after another increase? Based on....?


The 'many people' who want that already have it and have since August 1st.


They can't force bigger blocks of course - they are breaking consensus with the vast majority of nodes etc out there. If you want to follow their HF you would have to run their client - developed by a tiny developer base. Concern is that miners would then control mining plus the client development. That's more than a little at odds with the 'decentralised' and 'no trusted authority' of Bitcoin don't you think?
@_date: 2017-08-08 05:31:15
Ledger Nano. There's a handy 'Blockchain' button that lets you pick the chain you are working with. Magic.
@_date: 2017-08-08 19:10:56


No, but you are... and you are a Bitcoin user I assume? And you consider your opinions to not be worthless? Or do you want the 'serious' people to make decisions for you? That's the point I'm making - peer-to-peer, not top down authority figures telling you what will happen.
@_date: 2017-08-08 13:53:08
It's not then being humble - it is them following profit. 
@_date: 2017-08-14 06:23:44


Based on what? You assuming the majority of users think like you do and stated 'The two most active groups are not the two largest groups though.' as fact.
Being apathetic and following others won't win any fights within a system of decentralised governance. If everyone just went along with what the proponents of Segwit2x etc. dictated the entire value proposition of Bitcoin as a decentralised system with no central authority would go out the window very quickly. 
@_date: 2017-08-20 06:28:02
I don't - in fact I have never suggested anyone I know buy it, I wouldn't want their risk to be partly my responsibility.
If you read it as that I likely should have used 'explanation' not 'pitch' then.
@_date: 2017-08-03 07:14:18
Yes, then at a later date if you want to you can use the Ledger wallet to send the two independently.
@_date: 2017-08-08 17:43:57
The thing is 'we' didn't have any say in it or agree to anything. 
'We' weren't part of the discussions - they happened behind closed doors at the NYA. No devs, no users, just businesses protecting their existing business models.
@_date: 2017-08-04 12:27:41
..exchange to Bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-08-04 20:35:47
Good analogy!
@_date: 2017-08-04 14:48:58
HitBTC allow deposits - and only wait 2 confirmations before you can trade.
@_date: 2017-08-08 16:01:53


It's impossible to know how many miners are running the HF enabled SW2X code or just BIP 91 'Segsignal'. So the whole thing has unknown actual support until HF day.
@_date: 2017-08-14 06:16:05


All references were from your last page of comments, not 9 years. Ignoring the other references are you and just talking about the one with the smallest hit count.


In your 9 years as a redditor you haven't read one single argument that counters the 'blockstreamcore' conspiracy? Either that or you chose to ignore them because they don't fit your narrative.
@_date: 2017-08-21 13:58:43
Fine - crack on with your hourly updates then... I hope you keep them up when the hash rate drops or you'd be a bit of a hypocrite huh? ;-)
@_date: 2017-08-10 11:24:19


SW2X proponents are keen to tell people that 80 businesses (or whatever) signed the NYA. 
'Business' and 'Company' are words that obfuscate the fact that there are a small number of people that signed the agreement - the owners of those companies. A very small number of people compared to the total number of Bitcoin users. Also - they used the word 'Agreement' and not 'Proposal'. There is a reason for this. If they had made a proposal, fair enough as it could then get feedback - the same way a BIP does. They talk about 'representing their users' but really - did they poll their users? No - they just went off and decided what would happen for any users of their service. Users can replace a service provider at any time if they don't like the service they are given.
Instead the 80 (less as Barry Silbert controls a lot of the companies who signed the NYA through his DCG entity) decided to hand down something they want to happen as if it was just to be accepted by everyone else. 
Bitcoin doesn't work like that - in fact it was created to oppose that exact kind of central control.
@_date: 2017-08-10 17:18:11


Those people own Bitcoin because think it will result in them getting rich - they don't understand what gives it any value at all - it's decentralised and doesn't have a central governance model. That was why it was created in the first place - to avoid that exact thing and now we have a group of people signing an 'agreement' between themselves and we are expected to accept it and people who are only bothered by a $1 fee and don't like reading about struggles to keep Bitcoin decentralised will roll over and accept it. Good luck to them if they follow the SW2X hard fork - they will be on a chain with 3 developers, not the hundreds who make bitcoin valuable. Miners have to make money so there will be miners on the main chain and not just the SW2X 'business model' chain.
@_date: 2017-08-19 18:10:15
Thanks - I like that one.
@_date: 2017-08-08 15:01:11
Let me help you reword it so you can apply your own 'realistic limits' to it then:
Does it look like we need a ~4 times increase at the minute?
@_date: 2017-08-08 20:17:52
No - they held Segwit hostage and UASF said release it or we'll come get it and they released it with a banner above the door saying NYA MADE THIS... and attached a HF to it.
@_date: 2017-08-08 17:32:32


Peer-to-peer, trust-less, no central authority is the basis Bitcoin was founded on.
I just can't see how that is in line with the miners and big businesses deciding an agreement behind closed doors and saying 'right, this is happening'. No developers, no user feedback - just handing down a decision they made between themselves.


Yeah - but an agreement between folk who run Bitcoin businesses. I'm not breaking the agreement if I don't follow the hf.
@_date: 2017-08-14 06:19:36


Irrelevant. Bitcoin get value from being a decentralised and trust-less solution to centrally controlled currencies.


It's pretty obvious that miners follow profit. 


So you also have missed all the discussions over governance and central control and the very things that gave Bitcoin value in the first place it seems.
@_date: 2017-08-08 16:35:06
You are clearly very smart indeed. You wikipedia link skills in particular are astounding.
@_date: 2017-08-08 12:21:48


Have you looked at the price charts and zoomed out a bit?! Low fees are not essential to store wealth for example.


If core controlled Bitcoin do you think they would have rolled Segwit out with a 95% BIP 9 threshold? Do you think we would have just spent nearly a year for Segwit to activate? A single team you say? There are hundreds of contributors!! Have a look at github. The small and controlled team you talk of is the btc1 team surely - I mean they are literally a small group of developers who are working under the direction of a business agenda (SW2X).


You realise that the internet only truly scaled once it got second and third layer solutions etc? HTTP and the application layer wouldn't have happened if everyone had just tried to scale layer one on its own.


Yes it is - for what you get. It's not all about buying coffee. A lot of people place value on being able to secure their wealth in Bitcoin. That means stability of the network and a decentralised topology. If that layer of wealth assurance is stable then layer two can handle the 'coffee' purchase scenarios.
@_date: 2017-08-08 10:04:46
I think that's common - I am sure people didn't know that they needed the transaction malleability thing fixed, it's hardly the kind of thing users shout about wanting... but devs who know Bitcoin and realise it can enable immense second layer scaling to occur and the expansion of supporting use-cases did.
EDIT: and what's next on the btc1 (SW2X) roadmap? Nothing. Big blocks and then... nothing.
@_date: 2017-08-06 19:04:17
Seconded. Only needs 2 confirmations to deposit.
@_date: 2017-08-03 08:11:00
Yep, all you need is a receiving BTC address. As long as you are just going from BTC to alt-coin or the other way around there is no KYC - kind of like shapeshift.io really - but with more detail on the screen!
I *think* there is a 5,000 euro equivalent withdraw limit per day though. Otherwise - was relatively easy.
@_date: 2017-08-24 09:44:12
There are a [few scenarios]( on how the gaming of EDA may end.
@_date: 2017-08-08 20:15:21
Yeah why wait? Let's push a hard fork that only increases the block size out a few months after the BCH hard fork and 90 days after Segwit activates... it's only a $50billion network after all... just so people can save $1 on fees.
@_date: 2017-08-04 07:55:37
@_date: 2017-01-23 10:37:53
I paid £9 in total now I check - £4 to my bank for the wire transfer and a £5 fee was deducted from the amount transferred by coinfloor's bank as an admin fee. So if you transfer (for example) £1,005 and pay your banks fee of £whatever on top of that: £1,000 will arrive in your CF account.
I used to use Circle which was good for ease of use but they charged a bit over market rate when you bought bitcoin from them. So no fees but you paid more than you could have direct on an exchange. I would rather pay a £5 set fee and deposit £ with CF and buy direct at market rate... it's just more of a hassle but worth it.
@_date: 2017-08-08 13:55:12
It was agreed upon by businesses. That is my point. Who exactly is the agreement between? I will not follow the SW2X hard fork and will not be breaking any agreement I made as I did not get an invite ;-)
@_date: 2017-08-10 11:12:51
There is - Bitcoin's consensus rules... and the fact that miners need to get paid for the service they offer or else they will go bust.
@_date: 2017-01-04 12:40:20
If you do recover the wallet it would be worth then transferring the bitcoin to a new wallet as both you and your phone thief would have access to the same wallet if they have access to it in your phone. It would be horrible to see the coins reappear in your recovered wallet only to see them sent elsewhere by the thief.
@_date: 2017-08-08 16:08:07
Yes - but the point is the idea of a HF itself isn't what I'm saying is wrong - just doing it 90 days after segwit activates (itself a capacity increase) regardless of the impact that has.
@_date: 2017-08-11 08:13:55
Segwit2x is not just about raising the block size to 2 MB alone though - that is the point. 
It's about a small group of people ending up in control of the protocol. They may provide a list of companies that support it but behind each of those companies is an individual owner or decision maker. In the case of the companies owned by DGC, even less.
The entire point of Bitcoin was to have no central authority. That is where it gets its value from. Without that it is just a very inefficient payment system.
I am not opposed to a block size increase in itself...
When I argue against Segwit2x's HF I am arguing against one 90 days after another capacity increase. I am arguing against one that just increases block size and does nothing else of benefit. I am arguing against one that shifts development of the client to one team of, what, three people? I am arguing against a few men hiding behind the words 'businesses support' controlling the protocol and dictating what happens to users on the network, the peers in Bitcoin's peer-to-peer decentralised network.
@_date: 2017-08-08 15:06:17
To go to?
I don't see any other forums who are totally behind Segwit2x. Unless you know of any? I see 'Segwit' supporters and I see 'Big Block' supporters but I am not seeing any forums for the 'Segwit AND big blocks' supporters. Suggesting there are not many of them.
@_date: 2017-08-31 20:19:16
This is an important part of the linked article:


I wonder how many miners actually do run the btc1 code and how many instead just used BIP 91 to activate Segwit. 
There is [no way to tell]( who is running actual btc1 code itself. 
@_date: 2017-08-09 18:41:05


Yes, yes I do.


I know.


Yes - consensus of nodes. Even a HF has to be accepted by nodes - otherwise it's a privately mined chain.
@_date: 2017-08-03 08:11:44
Me neither! I tried it with small amounts first to check it all worked ;-)
@_date: 2017-08-11 08:43:17
I'm glad people have BCH as an option - that's the whole point of my post - Segwit2x is a portrayed as a 'compromise' between the big block supports and the Segwit supporters. Both groups now have what they spent the last year or so calling out for.
Segwit2x is a different thing - it is an attempt at central control by a relatively small number of business owners in order to protect their existing business models. That isn't how Bitcoin works. If nothing else the last year of the scaling debate has shown us that Bitcoin is resistant to coercive change. 
If the Segwit2x promoters do hard fork - fair enough. The community will split (again) and the markets will decide which has more value in terms of $ right up front.
For me personally I place very little long term value on a SW2X chain being able to secure any wealth I have stored in my addresses. I will follow the chain that follows the governance rules that were in place when I bought into Bitcoin.


How do you see that? look back at XT, Classic, BU (am I missing some?). That's not 'core' winning - that consensus. If consensus keeps following what core stand for it (consensus) will win... again.
@_date: 2017-08-08 18:10:50
The miners held Segwit hostage by using BIP 9 as a voting mechanism instead of what it was supposed to be -
 a signal for readiness for activation - all in order to force a hard fork on the users later. UASF ensured that we got Segwit. It shouldn't have been a bargaining chip in the first place.
If they want to hard fork fair enough. We'll have Bitcoin, BCH and B2X. That's just the way it looks like it will be. ¯\ _(ツ)_ /¯
@_date: 2017-08-11 10:01:01


Bitcoin doesn't change through apathy though. I acknowledge that some people were quite happy with Bitcoin the way it was a year ago and didn't want change of any kind, not through apathy but firm choice though. I can see their reasoning for this but it isn't my own personal choice for the protocol. What the 'two largest groups' then in your eyes? Genuine interest.


Yes - I agree. Which is why the attempt to fork the network will fail - in my opinion. But it *will* cause much disruption if they fail to add reply protection like Bitcoin Cash did. That is highly contentious to me. I just can't see why they are advocating a hard fork just 90 days after the Segwit capacity increase goes live, but that's my thoughts on it. If there is a need for a block size increase at some stage I'd rather it were done with large community consensus - and also include other items from the hard fork 'wish list'.
@_date: 2017-08-24 08:15:40
BCash [stated]( benefits:
...but only when the EDA is being gamed, otherwise very slow.
...but not during its 'high difficulty' phase where there are just [0.4]( blocks per hour.
Low Fee
...because [hardly anyone]( uses it.
...and easy to game EDA.
...apart from the fact that it [swings]( between 50 and 0.4 blocks per hour that is.
...apart from when it's only mined by a small number of miners during the hard difficulty phase.
@_date: 2017-08-08 11:33:07
...an agreement between businesses. That's the point of the post - very few users are asking for this. 
What kind of peer-to-peer decentralised system has businesses sit down in private and dictate changes to users? 
@_date: 2017-08-14 06:13:23


But the agreement was between the businesses who backed the NYA. What exactly are users reneging on by not supporting the NYA?


You must have missed all the discussions over the governance precedence it sets and how Bitcoin was designed to avoid the very idea of central authority that Segwit2x puts forward.
@_date: 2017-08-01 15:01:08
BCC pool has 127 PH/s / 6,500 PH/s = 1.95% of global hash rate support.
So we could be waiting 500 minutes for their first block...
@_date: 2016-12-14 09:23:14
To help people who want to run a full node would it be useful if people offered to post out a few Blu-ray discs with an up to date copy of the blockchain on it to "prime" other people's node efforts?
I have a full node running and a 100GB blockchain folder on my laptop. Could I just copy that onto discs and post it to people who want a kick start? Running my node is easy and although I only have 8Mb/s broadband it never affects my day to day usage of the internet but I remember the initial sync taking days and that was a few years ago. I don't think I'd attempt it today if I didn't already have it synced.
PS - I'd obviously just post out the chain itself and not wallet.dat etc ;-)
EDIT: Discs not Disc ;-)
@_date: 2017-08-07 06:31:27
It should get to the 95% threshold by Tuesday. That's 95% of blocks over a 2016 block period, which lasts about two weeks based on a block being mined every ten minutes on average. The 2016 block period itself will likely end on Wednesday.
After that Segwit will move to LOCKED_IN for another 2016 block period before finally moving to ACTIVE.
Once it gets to the 95% threshold its activation is inevitable. 
The idea behind the locked in status was to give the potentially 5% of miners that weren't signalling readiness the time to upgrade before it activated. That was the whole point of BIP9, to allow miners to signal that they were ready for a new feature to avoid disruption. It was never intended to be used as a voting system for miners to decide if they wanted the change or not.
@_date: 2016-12-06 11:20:38
Alan Partridge: I loved that phrase you used, it was very clever - "revolution not evolution".
Tony Hares: No, it was the opposite. "Evolution not revolution". 
Alan Partridge: Well, whatever. Because that is me. I evolve, but I don't... revolve. Or vice-versa. I suppose what you're trying to say is, you don't want another Chris Evans on your hands.
Tony Hares: No, that is what we want.
Alan Partridge: I'm your man!
@_date: 2016-12-26 16:18:27
If someone stole my Ledger Nano and I suspect that my 24 word seed phrase has been stolen as well along with the pin (all hypothetical) I know that I can buy another one and generate the wallet again using the seed phrase. 
In the time it takes to arrive the wallet could have been emptied though. So would I need to: 
Generate the wallet again using something like Mycelium. Immediately transfer the Bitcoin in it to another address. For example a paper wallet. 
Generate a new wallet with a new seed phrase in Mycelium or on a new ledger then sweep the paper wallet into the new seeded wallet.
Have I got that sequence right?
@_date: 2016-12-01 09:55:46
Might be good to add the two follow up articles to the third link you have - also by John W. Ratcliff in which he points out some flaws and then takes a higher view of LN:
Also - I found these two talks by Joseph Poon &amp; Thaddeus Dryja quite accessible:
@_date: 2017-08-08 11:16:01


Why would it? 
LN relies on time locked multi-sig addresses. As long as the HF didn't change that there would be few problems.
I am not opposed to a HF at some point in time but just doing one 90 days after a capacity increase has already been added (Segwit) and not including anything else from the 'HF wish list' is a waste.
@_date: 2018-06-26 11:45:52
It's not a "bug" it's a current requirement. 
@_date: 2017-08-02 15:18:14
Keep watching - 52 minutes in he stops for a sip of water, spills the water down himself but carries on like nothings happened.
@_date: 2017-08-08 10:11:50
I think people think they are all paid to work on Bitcoin development by some magic Bitcoin boss - they are not, many contribute from their own free time. Why would they then move to work on something they don't believe in!?


They are already miles apart though - Core has hundreds of people looking at it and contributing to it, btc1 has what, two or three? It is already behind and was branched from a version that is now old. Who exactly is going to work on keeping all those changes coming if SW2X becomes the dominant client? Where's the SW2X roadmap? There isn't one - it's just 'big block now' and then what? 
@_date: 2016-12-27 08:18:11
Just a note to the OP - if you choose a paper wallet read up on what the difference between importing a private key from a paper wallet and sweeping a paper wallet is.
@_date: 2017-08-03 07:12:30
Hope it works out. It did for me yesterday. The UI takes a bit of getting used to. You have to transfer your bcc from the funding account to the trading account before you can trade it by the way. Took me a while to figure that out. Then move your Bitcoin back from your trading account in the same way... then withdraw.
@_date: 2017-08-08 11:03:20


No - to avoid Bitcoin miners and businesses being in control of not only mining but also the reference client development. Bitcoin gained value because it is a decentralised 'trust is not required' system. Add centralisation and the need to trust to that and you are left with a terribly inefficient payment system.


...and minus the development skill that has grown Bitcoin these last however many years... and plus centralisation of control... and minus a lot of users who won't follow the hard fork.
@_date: 2016-12-28 08:55:39
Search for aantonop on YouTube.
Andreas has regular lengthy conference videos of his talks and smaller videos where he answers questions. Always current and he has a lot of videos where he shares his vision of what Bitcoin may do in the future.
@_date: 2017-08-08 14:07:01
List of popular user forums mostly supporting Segwit2X:
@_date: 2017-08-08 10:55:49


You are talking about a history that did not have distributed peer-to-peer systems with serious value assigned to them. Everyone knows that if you just want to design the most energy and change efficient system it would be centralised in design... that's not what makes Bitcoin valuable.


Been waiting for that alleged event to occur for years now but it never does.
@_date: 2017-08-08 13:28:14
Compromise between who exactly? 
"Big block" supports have had bigger blocks since August 1st and have actively removed Segwit from that solution. So they don't want the Segwit bit of Segwit2X but have the '2X' bit (of sorts).
"Segwit and maybe a hard fork when the time is right" supporters are about to get Segwit. So they don't want the 2X bit of Segwit2X and may soon have the Segwit bit.
So both sides will have what they wanted. So why carry on in the name of 'compromise' when both sides have what they claimed they wanted all along? That is what I do not understand.
The only calls I see from people supporting Segwit2X is because 'compromise'. My point is that since August 1st this is no longer a compromise for anyone.
@_date: 2017-08-08 10:01:48


They'll get it with Segwit. The HF 90 days later won't even wait to see what effects that has before it hands control of the development of protocol software on that chain to a few business owners! That's not Bitcoin!


Yes - I am not opposed to HFs themselves - if done in a timely and careful manner by people who know what they are doing. Whacking the block size up to an effective max of 8MB just 90 days after Segwit's own capacity increase is not the right approach - IMO.


We can't afford to compromise the entire reason Bitcoin ever got value just so people can make Steam purchases right now this instant. What's wrong with spending you fiat on Steam purchases right now? Fiat decreases in value every day you hold it due to inflation whilst Bitcoin rises in value. Why the rush to risk everything Bitcoin stands for just to make a $5 purchase online right now?
@_date: 2017-08-08 12:36:38


A HF can be done by yourself if you want - fork the Bticoin Core repository, drop the difficulty and mine at home. Doesn't give it value and you are unlikely to add a killer feature to it yourself.
And where is BCH accepted for these payments you want to make?
Can you get a BCH compatible wallet for your phone? I am unaware of any from a reliable source.
It is purely speculative at the minute. Where are the hundreds of developers adding new features to it? Where's the roadmap? What would make user adoption increase is a reliable network with new features being added to it. Segwit brings a capacity increase to nearly 4 MB with it. Don't you think that will do until second layer solutions arrive? Those are the things that will take it mainstream for payment and not just a value store. Instant payments (not ten minutes) for example.
Mempool looks fine to me at the minute...  ... and we're about to add up to 3 MB to capacity with Segwit. Why then 90 days later double it? I am not opposed to a HF at some point - but only if it's needed.
@_date: 2016-12-20 06:17:19
Great work. Nice to see how this has evolved since your first post. 
You asked for feedback so...
Question 8 answer - might be good to add something like... "until the channel is closed and the final balance transaction is added to the blockchain."
First line of the answer to question 9 seems a bit aggressive. It reads better with the line removed.
In general it might be better to say "a counterparty" instead of "your counterpart" because the latter implies that there is only ever one other person you are transacting with.
The long answer to question 14 might be better off being moved into a general header before the FAQ - something like "How does lightening network work?" same for question 16 maybe.
Either way, nice work.
@_date: 2016-11-16 06:50:13
I don't. I'm not the Indian BBC news correspondent who made the report. Neither am I responsible for the BBC News team's output.
@_date: 2018-06-29 07:45:13
It is not a bug. It is a current requirement. 
Google 'software bug' if still confused. 
@_date: 2016-12-14 10:16:18
I've just switched from Circle to blockchain.info for buying bitcoin with a debit card. That's in the UK mind you - don't know if it's different elsewhere.
@_date: 2017-11-11 17:49:10
Thanks - I will take a look. 
I have the same opinion as you in your post - I am not advocating for a PoW change now... I just think that having a plan in place is a good idea. 
This week we are yet again seeing half the hash power that is supposed to be securing the network leaving to mine BCash. I would rather prep a 'break glass and deploy in case of emergency' PoW change now rather than have a 'break glass and start discussing, then develop, then review, then deploy' approach which we currently seem to have.
@_date: 2017-11-11 20:01:05
Your account says Reddit age : 5 years.
@_date: 2017-11-11 07:28:44
I completely agree. 
There's a post on the front page about paying $5 fee fora $180 tx. No mention of tx size - which determines fees. No mention of the fact that fees will be the main source of income for miners in the future. No mention of how Bitcoin makes you the master of your own wealth without the need to trust 3rd parties.
Roger et al. are selling Bitcoin Cash to people as if the whole  idea behind Bitcoin was to create an efficient payment system. 
I wonder how many newcomers have read the white paper and understand what the value proposition of Bitcoin actually is?
@_date: 2017-11-11 18:29:44
If that's what you think great - get on and promote BCH instead of obsessing about the 'other sides' scaling solution. This post is total no-news dressed up as a scandal.
PS - it was meant to be trust less...
@_date: 2017-11-11 21:20:03
Some recent posts on this topic for ref: 
@_date: 2017-11-06 11:04:27
If you don't have time to read here's my tl;dr summary:






Basically - if the 2x HF succeeds it will strip Bitcoin of its main value proposition and reason for creation in the first place. The word 'trust' is mentioned 14 times in the whitepaper - In the context of the need to remove it from 3rd parties.
@_date: 2017-11-11 21:26:24
@_date: 2017-11-11 07:21:03
Your post looks remarkably like you are pushing a narrative here under the pretence of not knowing and asking questions - yet you claim to have used Bitcoin for 1.5 years.
Do you know why Bitcoin was created? Have you read the white paper? Do you know 'trust' is mentioned 14 times in the context of trying to remove the need for it?
Do you think Bitcoin was deigned to be an efficient payment system?
Do you know what the block reward halving is?
Do you know why fees are important what you get for your money?
Do you know that fees are calculated based on tx size not amount moved?


How is Bitcoin sustainable long term if there was low to no fees? 
Do some research. If you just want to make cheap payments online with absolutely no regard for your own financial sovereignty then why did you buy Bitcoin in the first place?
@_date: 2017-11-11 19:31:34


What's alarming is:
Your complete lack of knowledge about Segwit and second layer non-linear scaling
Your blatent shilling
@_date: 2017-11-11 19:56:44
Haven't laughed so hard all day.
@_date: 2017-11-11 20:44:44
...and throw away the trust less nature of self-sovereign Bitcoin so you can save a bit of your pocket money on fees? ha.
@_date: 2017-11-11 21:01:02
It has been great for Bitcoin that it is an immutable store of value whereby its users do not have to trust a third party.
For reference: please see the Bitcoin price for the last few years.


I support ideas that have been submitted via the age old method of BIP submission, peer view and community consensus. 
I do not support changes being made to a system that is going to revolutionise global finance just so people can buy games on Steam with their pocket money today.
@_date: 2017-11-12 13:32:19


Within 18 months - yes. 
@_date: 2017-11-11 21:45:52
I wasn't replying in order to fulfil your demand for question answering - I was pointing out that your post was mostly pushing a false narrative. 
Your second paragraph alone:


Segwit. Delayed for many months by miners, not Core.


Says who?


According to...?


Again, they did. It was delayed by miners.
@_date: 2017-11-06 11:11:26
Thanks for this!
@_date: 2017-11-06 11:15:05
That didn't happen when BCH forked to be fair.
The total value of BTC + BCH was more than BTC before the fork. Doesn't really make sense but it happened.
Also - if people sell B2X for BTC it puts buy pressure on BTC. We'll see how it works out I guess.
@_date: 2017-11-12 13:35:19
I think you are giving too much weight to your own opinion to consider it something I have to 'deal with' ;-)
Don't post rubbish then demand people ignore it and answer your questions ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
@_date: 2017-11-06 11:11:39
Much appreciated!
@_date: 2017-11-11 06:56:23
So why haven't you sold all your Bitcoin and gone full in on ETH or BCH then?
"You guys" - meaning Bitcoin users? Yourself being what...?
Some people value not having their money held in a coin mined by two pools or being capable of being rolled back if the main dev desires.
@_date: 2017-04-26 16:48:10
In my opinion it is not an 'optimisation'. An Optimisation means it does the same amount of work but faster or using less electricity. ASICBoost means they don't do as much work because they have a way to skip iterations. I can see you have a certain view on the matter and I have a different one and I suspect neither of us will budge so suggest we leave it now.
@_date: 2017-04-22 18:17:25
To signal support (but not run the UASF code itself):
Add this line to your bitcoin.conf file:
If you can't find bitcoin.conf follow this guide as it isn't created by default:
You can also just add this to a shortcut - create a shortcut (or edit the existing one you use) and add this to the end:
e.g. (just add the property to the end like this):
"C:\Program Files\Bitcoin\bitcoin-qt.exe" -uacomment=UASF-SegWit-BIP148
Then you can check here to see how your node is signalling:
Will show something like: xxx.xxx.xxx.xxx:8333 /Satoshi:0.14.1(UASF-SegWit-BIP148)/
If your node has synced and doesn't show using the link above make sure to enable 8333 - in your client: go into settings / network and tick enable incoming connections. You might have to add it to your firewall if this doesn't work. 
EDIT windows firewall -&gt; your firewall ;-)
@_date: 2017-04-18 17:32:24


Playground trash talk for 5 year olds... you need to work on your comebacks rather than spending your time crafting tin foil hats.
@_date: 2017-04-09 16:59:17
How to signal support on your node incase anyone missed it. NB - this adds a support string only so there is no need to compile anything. It shows other nodes your support for a UASF.
@_date: 2017-04-26 11:03:31
Also - SegWit would unintentionally cause it to stop working because it changes the way the block data is structured and it appears that this is why SegWit has been apposed so much be Jihan. See this for more recent news: 
@_date: 2017-04-18 17:18:24
Do you not get tired of posting endless crud? I'm sure tired of reading it. Your post history is bizarre to say the least.
@_date: 2017-04-20 16:34:30
Nicolas as in NBitcoin? Just started developing with it yesterday! - the accompanying eBook is great as well if anyone just wants to read more about Bitcoin (you don't really need to know C 
EDIT: Contains such gems as:


@_date: 2017-04-22 18:45:29
This is well written and answers the question well - just one thing to add by way of explanation about how the output has to 'look a certain way'...
The difficulty is set by stating how many zeros must lead the hash they are trying to find. The last block (at time of posting) to be mined can be found here: (note the leading zeros)
To increase the difficulty more zeros are needed and to reduce the difficulty less zeros are needed - but the hash is always the same length in total.
EDIT: typos
@_date: 2017-04-15 05:45:07
 
@_date: 2017-04-24 09:33:25
I had a similar issue to the one you have a while back due to a dodgy hard drive.
Try running this (amend as per operating system and if you are running your node headless etc.):
"C:\Program Files\Bitcoin\bitcoin-qt.exe" -checkblocks=0 -checklevel=0 
(google the command options first to see what they do)
This will verify block locations in the block index and report back any corrupted block data. If that check fails try a reindex which will check the blocks on your disk one by one and when it gets to the corrupted one it will download blocks from there on. (this may take a while to run of course because of the current size of the blockchain). This worked for me and I have since bought a new HDD ;-)
@_date: 2017-04-26 15:11:01
Sounds like a good plan! I move my copy of the blockchain to an external HDD (disc based not SSD) because of the size (128GB) and the constant read/write nature of it - which I've heard isn't great for an SD card.
Thanks for the image creator link - I will try that later because building the Bitcoin client from scratch took a fair while on it's own.
@_date: 2017-04-18 11:46:06


It isn't by the way. 
The Blockchain is a public distributed ledger which is used to record bitcoin transactions. The network that bitcoin runs on is the Bitcoin network.
I'd do some checking below before you submit your work ;-)
@_date: 2017-04-06 12:09:30
If you can't find bitcoin.conf follow this guide as it isn't created by default:
Then you can check here to see how your node is signalling:
Will show something like: xxx.xxx.xxx.xxx:8333 /Satoshi:0.14.0(UASF-SegWit-BIP148)/
**Please observe all normal safety checks about backing up wallet.dat - just in case ;-)**
@_date: 2017-04-24 11:51:35
For those of you that value distributed consensus enforcing nodes over centralised mining within the Bitcoin network, an apposing view point:
"And each attack from the consensus breaking fork attempts makes the Bitcoin decentralisation movement a bit stronger:"
@_date: 2017-04-27 16:43:52
51% full, to prevent attacks.
@_date: 2017-04-16 06:23:19
THE Roger Ver. I'm a big deal, trust me - I was interested in Bitcoin in the early days. I'm the first person to invest in Bitcoin start ups. I own Bitcoin.com... surely you've heard of me? Now let me in, I need to turn your node off because it's slowing down the miners.
@_date: 2017-04-13 12:56:37
He might as well have just said:


@_date: 2017-04-12 16:28:06
Ah, the only reason I was buying the Pi was to offload the node from my PC to it. Maybe I need to look into what I'm trying to achieve and have a rethink. Use an old laptop I have instead for example...
@_date: 2017-04-12 14:25:55
Thanks - I get an error from CBlockDiskPos(nFile=417, nPos=72992453) so I've no idea what block the error begins at - it's somewhere in the corrupted blk00417.dat file. I'll look into the assumevalid switch then.
I would like to run a full node so maybe I will have to start over again - should take a long time on my feeble internet connection... or just put up with the infrequent error it causes.
Unless anyone has blk00417.dat that they can link to??? 
@_date: 2017-04-13 13:45:32
Yes, that's what I meant ~~sorry~~. So 'featured' actually means "the next one on our ongoing loop of every wallet we list" ;-)
EDIT: sorry -&gt; ~~sorry~~. I only just read your last line. In responding to my comment where I corrected a previous comment (which was also previously edited to strikethrough me saying it showed core) and me stating it randomly changes you then stated the same thing I did and implied I had my facts wrong, then patronisingly added 'it'll take us a long way'. Jeez.
@_date: 2017-04-27 08:45:49
I didn't have a spare old laptop and I like the low power option of the Pi... plus I wanted a new toy ;-)
@_date: 2017-04-13 12:45:19
Surely this would just turn away anyone new to Bitcoin, especially when a newly interested user sees what they might perceive as the the 'main site for Bitcoin', Bitcoin.com stating:


&lt;first time potential Bitcoin user leaves page and searches for these other 'better' cryptocurrencies&gt;
~~Just as an aside - I'm quite (pleasantly) surprised that if you go to the wallet section they have Core as the featured wallet and Unlimited is hidden until you click 'See all wallets'.~~
EDIT: Ignore above - it changes every now and again - shows XT right now for me as the 'featured wallet'.
 
@_date: 2017-04-20 16:35:59
Read the 'rant' section of this - very amusing and enlightening!
@_date: 2017-04-15 18:31:36
And it looks like people saying this is absurd is the only thing that r/bitcoin and r/btc have agreed on in a while.
@_date: 2017-04-24 09:11:03
As the resolution on the Coin Dance chart is a daily one - this may not be seen on the graph tomorrow by anyone reading this post, so recording for posterity:
All nodes (Core, Unlimted, Classic, XT) 
Unlimited nodes: 
The Unlimited nodes have fallen off in general since Roger's tweet about non-mining nodes not being true nodes.
@_date: 2017-04-27 08:55:53


Brilliant comment - never thought about it like that before and now you have said it it seems an obviously stupid situation to be in for a decentralised system.
I'm not advocating for a PoW change myself at the minute - just saying that you are right, we really shouldn't know miner's by name, they should be so distributed that they are unknown. 
@_date: 2017-04-27 17:29:01
T-Shirt I got printed myself through an online printing company using the segwit logo here: 
Mug - again, you can print yourself or search for it online or follow the link where I got mine from in here: 
EDIT: (they only posted to the UK I *think*)
u/mavensbot created the Magic Internet Money image.
@_date: 2017-04-21 08:31:42
Read the 'rant' section of the readme here - it explains the set up quite well... 
@_date: 2017-04-12 17:06:15
Thanks for looking - I'm up to date on blocks as well - it's just I get an issue when my nodes has to look into that file to validate a transaction etc. Good idea about deleting that block and everything after - I will try deleting just that one file first and see what happens!
EDIT: from what I've just read what will happen is it will error when it tries to access it if you delete one of the files. So maybe I will back up what's there, delete 417 and later and try a reindex.
@_date: 2017-04-25 07:25:39
If they are using ASICBOOST they have been using it for a while so no need for a knee jerk reaction. Core's sensible review and release process is what gives Bitcoin core software stability. See yesterday's Unlimited node crash for what not following a process like this results in.
Be patient, better to have an effective solution in the not too distant future than a rushed one now.
@_date: 2017-04-08 06:59:53
I got called a shill by this account yesterday.
He posts things you can refute with facts, then gets annoyed and vague and then just calls you a shill. Joker.
@_date: 2017-04-01 05:53:40
Cool, thought so. Thanks.
@_date: 2017-04-22 21:11:08
Just wanted to say that this is the best comment I have read in months. Comeback comedy gold that also argues a point.
@_date: 2017-04-12 14:01:43
Thanks - I'll look into it.
@_date: 2017-04-22 20:37:26
I know - my first line said that.


EDIT: fair enough, it might have been unclear. Signalling at this stage is still a show of intent so not without merit I think. The UASF code won't actually 'make a difference' until the activation date anyway, if I've understood it correctly. So at the minute there isn't much difference between signalling and running the code. yes/no?
@_date: 2017-04-26 19:00:07
Miners are supposed to be thermodynamically securing the network with Proof of Work - it is not supposed to be shortcut. 
ASICBoost is patented and Bitcoin needs an even playing field so miners compete and force up the difficulty so that state or corporate sponsored attacks are prohibitively expensive. Mining is a zero sum game. There should be no way in the Bitcoin protocol for a miner to have an advantage that is not open to all as if that existed we would see mining centralise and competition die off. This isn't like in corporate land where one company's advantage is good for the customer because they can streamline production - we actively need to ensure the playing field is level in order to secure the network. I am not suggesting that all miner be given free mining kit before you imply I am - what i am saying it that Bitcoin by design requires that the boundaries are the same for all miners so we have competition in hashing to drive up the difficulty. so:
Either all miners should be able to use ASICBoost or none should or it will be detrimental to the Bitcoin network's security.
The point of the Bitcoin proof of work is to prove that you expended a certain amount of electricity to solve a hash problem. It is where the security of the blockchain comes from. By using ASICBoost a miner would be doing less work than 'proved'.


You are talking about your simple manufacturing examples and this doesn't apply to Bitcoin.
What you seem to fail to understand is what ASICBoost *actually does* and how POW is designed to work and why it secures the Bitcoin blockchain. **I suggest you read up on it as I get the impression you think ASICBoost works like the 'boost' technology that Intel use or is similar to overclocking a CPU**. It isn't.


The examples you just used are all processes that can be made more efficient and there is benefit to the outcome for them being more efficient. That is indeed like the early days of mining - when we moved from CPU to GPU to (briefly) FPGA to ASIC. Each one was indeed an efficiency optimisation. They did the **same type of work** by sticking to the same POW algorithm but far quicker and by expending less energy and the difficulty was increased accordingly to bring us to where were were pre-ASICBoost. That we agree on. ASICBoost however is making the network less secure because it is uses a short cut to cheat the POW (due to a design flaw that now needs correcting) allowing a miner to say they did X amount of work when they actually did less than X so unless it is disabled it is open to abuse by potential attackers and also undermines the required competition between miners.
There are few comparisons available because expending power just to prove you have expended power is fairly unique so don't try and use simple real world production plant examples.
PS - your examples about long division and robots just highlight that you don't understand what the actual *point* of POW is.
If you are technically minded enough you can read up on ASICBoost and what it actually does. If you are not technically minded at least learn what the bitcoin POW is designed to do and why miner competition is essential and how patented shortcuts to the POW are not of benefit to bitcoin, only the miners that use it.
@_date: 2017-04-26 11:06:24
My vote is for a change to Core to block Covert ASICBoost and then a UASF to activate SegWit. 
Things like this just make me wish we could press a 'UASF NOW!' button and be done with it.
EDIT: USAF -&gt; UASF ;-)
@_date: 2017-04-27 17:15:15
Listening to double down now with Charlie Shrem. Thanks for link.
@_date: 2017-04-27 15:11:40
They sure are!!!:




Pops up (bitcoin.com style) when you visit the site - then there's some blurb about r/btc - I think it's very similar text to the stuff that appeared on bitcoin.com last week, if not identical.
@_date: 2017-04-01 05:54:40
Thought so - was hinting to the OP that running then all from home is not going to help. Thanks for reply.
@_date: 2017-04-20 16:53:34


Has googled a bit and noted Satoshi's use of the word 'bloody' and decides to use it here hoping readers will go - "no way!, that's a phrase Satoshi used! OMG it *must* be him!!!1!!!!one!!!"
Lame con artist.
@_date: 2017-04-13 13:03:40
Ignore my post - XT is the featured wallet now!!! Must just randomly change.
@_date: 2017-04-24 09:09:16
As the resolution on the Coin Dance chart is a daily one - this may not be seen on the graph tomorrow, so recording for posterity:
All nodes (Core, Unlimted, Classic, XT)
Unlimited nodes:
The Unlimited nodes have fallen off in general since Roger's tweet about non-mining nodes not being true nodes.
@_date: 2017-04-26 15:43:50
Wish I'd found that link a week ago!
They don't sell that product through amazon in the UK. I tried an Anker product but it didn't do pass though. This one: 
I got the one I use from Amazon. [This one](
@_date: 2017-04-21 16:35:07
Will do ! I suggested a fix (minor typo) and it was accepted a few days ago. 
I'm going through the C# examples from start to finish starting Monday and looking forward to it.
@_date: 2017-04-26 15:38:15
??? By using ASICBoost a miner can say they have done X amount of work hashing but they have actually done less than X. That's the issue.
So you certainly can fake how much work you did hashing - by publishing your block saying that you did X amount of hashing and used up Y amount of energy in doing so but actually you used ASICBoost and did less then you are faking your results. 
@_date: 2017-04-12 16:03:58
I'm on Windows and don't have a replacement blk file but appreciate the offer! I'm trying to 'get my blocks in order' as it where as I'm planning on moving my node from Windows to a Pi next week to free up space on the Windows machine.
@_date: 2017-04-26 17:38:35
That's still a 100% success rate! ;-)
As in my post - I bought a TeckNet PowerZen 2nd Gen which works as I'd hoped. The Anker I bought (which didn't have pass through) is now being used for the purpose it was intended for - charging phones and tablets and I agree, it's a quality brand.
@_date: 2017-04-25 17:00:26
I agree by the way - It's clear enough that ASICBOOST has caused centralisation of mining and also been the main reason for blocking SegWit. I just don't think a fix should have been rushed into the 0.14.1 release, that's all I'm saying... although I can definitely see how my feelings would change to demand more urgency if I had been a miner like yourself and been put out of business by other people 'cheating' the system.
@_date: 2017-04-25 18:17:11
Good point. People have been disparaging of showing support via uacomment as opposed to running the actual code but until there is consensus on what approach will be taken I think it's a sound thing to do. There's a new proposal to consider now for UASF: Activation via BIP 8 - 
@_date: 2017-04-26 14:16:15
I should have made it more clear - it's not a UPS as such, it's just a USB power pack, the kind that you can use to charge a phone on the go. Costs about £20. It's just that this particular one can be used as a cheap UPS for the Pi! The battery should last for a long time as well.
@_date: 2017-04-26 11:14:15
Oops - fixed!
@_date: 2017-04-14 11:32:21
You can change the quality when you open in it YouTube and see the names. I couldn't read them first either. 720p60 makes the text readable.
@_date: 2017-04-08 10:39:50
How to signal support on your node incase anyone missed it yesterday. NB - this adds a support string only so there is no need to compile anything. It shows other nodes your support for a UASF.
@_date: 2017-04-23 08:54:47
That's a fair point - I think a lot of people will go from signalling to actually running when the binaries are released.
@_date: 2017-04-28 12:54:43
My mistake - I thought this was the regular coindance link post and just went there to check instead of actually following the link!
@_date: 2017-04-25 17:33:24
As I understand it - proposes that instead of timing out as 'failed' (as a BIP 9 soft fork proposal would it if it reaches the timeout date without already being activated) under BIP 8 it would timeout and move to 'locked in', if not already locked in by the block signalling meeting the threshold. 
The new proposal would wait for SEGWIT until it's timeout on 15th November 2016 and if SegWit was not already activated then UASF would then deploy under BIP 8 with a new bit for UASEGWIT from that date until April 2018 when it would either already be locked in by signalling threshold or by that end date being reached.
Link to the revised proposal submitted by Shaolinfry on the bitcoin dev mailing list: 
And the new BIP (8):




@_date: 2017-04-15 18:33:12
A positive to come from it - it looks like people saying this is absurd is the only thing that r/bitcoin and r/btc have agreed on in a while.
@_date: 2017-04-27 16:00:48
Wow. That's probably why I see 'help my transaction is stuck' posts on r/btc then people directing them to transaction accelerator. 
Coupled with Ver's recent post/advert for his own upcoming bitcoin.com cloud mining services on r/btc he's got a nice ecosystem of mind control outlets building up hasn't he.
@_date: 2017-04-10 15:36:32
Do you use a different data directory?
E.G. I use my d drive. Search your computer for a folder called 'blocks'. In blocks you will see lots of files named like blk00000.dat etc.
The folder that **contains** the blocks folder is the one where the bitcoin.conf file goes.
@_date: 2017-04-13 12:46:50
Click a few links and it will appear - it didn't appear when I first landed but did when I clicked on the news link.
@_date: 2017-04-12 13:09:30
I am running core 0.14.0.
I've had a look online for -reindex but no joy finding a way to specify where to start.
Would a reindex just take a long time in terms of cpu (don't mind that) or would it mean downloading a big part of the blockchain again?
EDIT: I am sure there used to be a torrent seed file for the blockchain but I can only find reference to one that contains the whole set of .dat files zipped up - and I only want one to replace my corrupt file - if that's how it works that is, pardon my ignorance if it doesn't.
@_date: 2017-04-27 09:04:42
Add a few blockstream, AXA, Dragaon's Den references and post it to r/btc and you would get upvoted to the moon!
@_date: 2017-04-08 07:29:18
Unfortunately it isn't. He has been building up to this for a while. I'm sure his tin foil hat slipped off as he hammered his coreblockstreamshill anger into his keyboard.
@_date: 2017-04-27 15:00:22
Sorry but thought some shit-posting was needed today in light of recent events ;-)
@_date: 2017-04-26 08:58:18


Looking at the egos involved with BU that's my concern - that they would try it and there would be 'Bitcoin network hardforks' all over the news sites etc. and this would damage it's credibility. 
As you say - ASICBoost needs to go first which I'm sure would then help reduce the amount of (faked) hashpower supporting BU.
EDIT: Then again I have serious doubts that they are actually running BU nodes and that they are just running Core and signaling BU. Ignore me, I must need a coffee... an off-chain one of course!
@_date: 2017-04-10 15:42:17
I use my d drive. Search D: for a folder called 'blocks'. In blocks you will see lots of files named like blk00000.dat etc.
The folder that **contains** the blocks folder is the one where the bitcoin.conf file goes.
NB: it isn't created by default - you can also just add this to the shortcut you use to run bitcoin by the way - might be easier in your case...
Create a shortcut (or edit the existing one you use) and add this to the end:
-uacomment=UASF-SegWit-BIP148  
e.g. (if you already have -datdir set just add the property to the end like this):
"C:\Program Files\Bitcoin\bitcoin-qt.exe" -datadir="D:\Bitcoin" -uacomment=UASF-SegWit-BIP148  
EDIT: to enable 8333 - in your client: go into settings / network and tick enable incoming connections. You might have to add it to windows firewall if this doesn't work. ~~Also - it won't show on bitnodes.21.co until it's fully synced if it's out of date etc - I *think*.~~ &lt;- that's not true, it does show even if not fully synced yet.
@_date: 2017-04-28 09:56:35
Honest question - how can you tell it's 36 blocks in?
Isn't the 144 blocks a rolling count?
@_date: 2019-01-04 18:24:19
I posted decent resolution images of the pages here... 
In the thread there's a link to the full resolution and correctly aligned versions for anyone who wants to print them off etc...
@_date: 2018-11-23 12:46:15
Good to see this surface again :-)
I've developed a little node monitor website/tool for the Pi that people following this might find useful...
It creates a web page served by the RPi that can be accessed by any machine on your local network. It reports on bitcoin and lightning node status. Based on c-lightning but can be amended to use LND easily.
Here it is explained a bit more (written in Python and uses Django): [
@_date: 2019-01-04 18:20:57
There's also 4 pages of actual content they paid for. I posted them on Twitter and the thread has a link to some downloadable versions for anyone that wants to print them off etc.
@_date: 2018-02-24 19:49:01
What this guy said.
Just as SHA(256) mining is becoming harder and harder to optimise and new players are entering the market is the worst time to change PoW - it would allow Bitmain (with their billions) to get right back at the start with a whole new algo. It would also push all existing (and in production) sha256 miners over to BCash - something I am sure Ver and Jihan would appreciate.
@_date: 2017-09-09 20:36:21
@_date: 2017-09-14 18:28:45
It shows 0.15 now on 
@_date: 2017-09-12 10:04:02
Not sure how they intend to do this. 
They could use Replace By Fee and Relative Time Lock to make use of differing block creation speed differences.
Or accept transactions from their wallet and mine them themselves without broadcasting (?) - means they have to mine both chains.
Or do something with coinbase rewards which are specific to each chain only.
@_date: 2017-10-17 09:19:17
This is an excellent point well put.
@_date: 2017-10-06 12:11:50
The point being made is that the miners would switch back as the Bitcoin (i.e. not B2X) chain would have the more valuable coins. It costs users nothing to 'sit it out' - it costs miners $$$ in electricity and operating costs. If nothing else BCash proved that hash rate follows profit and the market attracts hash rate - not the other way round. The only chain that might need an EDA is the 2X chain.
Remember that coins held on exchanges at the point of the split don't need to be confirmed to be traded. The bt1 v bt2 price is perhaps a great indication of how this exchange based market will play out if there is a split in november.
EDIT: and if the 2x chain starts with more hp it will be easier for people to split and dump b2x over btc if they want to move from cold storage to an exchange to sell.
@_date: 2017-10-11 13:50:26
as in Segwit or non-Segwit?
Should be yes - both Bitcoin and B2X will have Segwit.
@_date: 2017-10-12 08:53:36
BCH	0.32% now. So up 0.06% from when I posted.
Sorry, very childish of me but ¯\ _(ツ)_ /¯
@_date: 2017-09-27 07:28:53


Vinny sold most of his Bitcoin in the run up to uasf gaining strength as he believed that it wouldn't work.
He was wrong. It did work and the price has only been much higher since he sold.
He's hoping to create fear around 2x to buy back in.
Vinny's 3 groups of "Miners, Businesses and Developers" shows that he doesn't understand how it all works. Without users there would be no Bitcoin businesses, miners or developers of any significance.
Don't underestimate how much power users have and make the same mistake twice Vinny.
@_date: 2018-02-14 09:17:20
And in braille format here: 
Thanks to @_date: 2018-02-24 18:05:49
Jihan might love it if we changed POW. All current miners and planned SHA(256) miners would mine BCH and he and Ver would be laughing.
90+% of hash rate couldn't force 2x on us so I'm not concerned with the way things stand at the minute. New mining kit from Halong and Samsung etc. should go some way to even things out from where we are right now.
Maybe he'd like us to change pow before his BTC dominance drops so he can move all in on BCH.
Remember UASF and NO2X. Miners are not in charge.
@_date: 2017-09-14 18:28:45
It shows 0.15 now on 
@_date: 2017-10-11 12:11:49
I thought you would - just didn't want to set expectations high before you confirmed ;-)
Great job with the BCH split tool, easy to use and released very quickly after the split. More than worth the price of the Nano S for that tool alone at the time, plus early Segwit integration. All in all, Ledger.respect++
@_date: 2017-10-11 08:17:24
Ledger were in first with a working version of a way to send Bitcoin and BCH independently I recall. I own a Nano S and it's a great product.
With no replay protection it won't be as easy to add though so best to buy a hw wallet for reasons of security as a first priority. Money well spent whatever you decide upon.
@_date: 2017-09-12 10:52:35
Thanks for the response and explanation Ruben.
@_date: 2017-10-15 23:02:43
The problem you ask about isn't one that Bitcoin holders should be concerned about but B2X supporters.
Take a look at this: 
Scroll to the bottom graph. Notice that at times 50%+ of the global hash power has switched from mining BTC to BCH and back. **This does not affect the price of either chain's coins. It is the price of the coins and their profitability to mine that has been affecting the hash rate.**
This is purely because from time to time one chain is more profitable to mine than the other.
Hashrate follows profit. If nothing else BCH has allowed us to see that this is a clearly demonstrable fact.
When BCH's EDA kicks its difficulty down so low that it becomes profitable to mine miners switch to mining it. It's not like they suddenly decide that Bitcoin is dead and they want to throw their support behind BCH... then hours later change their mind and decide BCH is dead and Bitcoin is king.
Miners will do what they always do and point their hash power at the most profitable chain. Fair enough, a few die-hards might not... but the majority will.
Now look at the futures market for bch before the split and it's current value. Then look at the futures market for Segwit2X.
This talk of the original chain being left with no hash power after the 2X hard fork is what the proponents of the hard fork want us to believe will happen so we get worried about our Bitcoin being left for dead and fearfully follow them and their takeover attempt.
Based on all the actual observable facts and the history of failed attempts in the past I'm confident that even if a large percentage initially follow the hard fork they will be back within hours.
We'll end up with Bitcoin and two alt-coins... BCH and B2X.
@_date: 2017-10-16 06:44:52


Yes, I agree. 
B2X will be dumped just as BCH was and the B2X futures are right now. Miners will follow the most profitable chain (Bitcoin) and with no difficulty hack like EDA to make it profitable again the 2X chain will stagnate.
Ironically, if the hash rate on the 2X chain starts off higher it will make moving those coins to exchanges to dump easier. The $ from that will be used to buy BTC on the exchanges through the exchange's backend transactions that aren't subject to any block delays. B2X price drops, BTC price rises, miners all move to BTC mining to earn more money. 
If people are so sure that 2X will succeed and become Bitcoin why aren't they all buying the 2x futures on Bitfinex? You'd currently get 6.6 Bitcoin back for every 1 Bitcoin you exchange for it if 2X succeeds.
The reason people aren't is that the market makers who will set the price of the two chains upon split realise it's going to fail.
If anyone disagrees I suggest you buy the B2X token on Bitfinex (called BT2). Good luck to you but the odds are stacked against you by quite a large degree.
@_date: 2017-10-16 06:31:36
If they do that they will essentially be saying "you have to trust us to not do this again the next time we want to do something you may not like". That's something that will completely devalue the chain they are actually mining on.
@_date: 2017-10-17 10:04:37
In September Ver boasted that he had saved on fees by paying his employees using BCH and not BTC. Bet they regret their decision now - their paid salaries have halved in $ value since then.
@_date: 2017-10-25 11:43:02
No wonder he was so keen to be the (pretty much) lone developer on btc1 - he was working to help cause the very confusion and risk his scam needs in order to succeed.
Garzik wants everyone who signed the NYA to go ahead with it and risk their company's profit and future relevance just so Jeff Garzik can make some profit from his metronome coin auction. I hope people who signed the NYA realise they have been played.
@_date: 2017-10-29 06:56:33
Not sure what you are talking about - are you suggesting Eric Lombrozo is A or B? (!)
If so - I think you need to do some research on who he is and what he has contributed (and continues to contribute) to Bitcoin ;-)
@_date: 2017-10-16 06:26:27
One of the reasons (maybe the current main one) Bitcoin has value is because it's a trust-less store of value. If miners attack a chain like that who would trust their money with them in the future if they could wipe out your transactions just because they don't agree with your choice of consensus rules? If they attacked the original chain they are proving their chain is one where you have to trust them and it loses its inherent value.
With miners controlling hash rate, development and nodes I'd imagine the first change on the cards (after they have increased block size so much they achieve their "the only nodes are mining nodes" goal) would be to do away with the 50% profit cut that they get every 4 years through the halving.
The people who market make Bitcoin aren't interested in the BS arguments over "high" fees, they want their millions secured and not susceptible to change from centralised authority. I'm confident they will invest in Bitcoin and not B2X. Honest miners and those who seek profit will mine Bitcoin.
If B2X wins it will literally mark the failure of the Bitcoin project. Look up how many times the word "trust" appears in the white paper in relation to the need to remove it. Indeed, it's the reason we needed a blockchain in the first place.
@_date: 2019-09-26 15:13:23
Do you still have the python you used in [blockwaittest.py]( by any chance?
The link above doesn't work now.
@_date: 2017-10-25 13:56:09
They are invested in something that they will financially gain from if there are risks of hard forks.
Step 1: Create an existential threat of a hard fork via the NYA. Barry's companies support it, he promotes it and brings people to sign it under the banner of "compromise", Jeff codes it.
Step 2: Launch an ICO that supposedly protects investors against "existential threats from hard forks".
Step 3: Hope you get rich.
That's what the post is about.
Most of the companies supporting the NYA are part of Barry's DCG. The only real developer working on the NYA's btc1 repository is Jeff. Both hope to profit from any disruption the NYA brings about with a "2x" hard fork.
That's got nothing to do with "technicals" and is all about dishonesty and lack of moral integrity.
@_date: 2016-10-10 07:11:06
Same here. Was obsessed with gold and reading about the globall financial system about two years ago and I think I heard about Bitcoin via a Max Kaiser YouTube video or Zero Hedge or some other 'pessimism porn' purveyor ;-)
@_date: 2017-10-17 06:15:39
Same here - I have a "gold" one like yours, a silver one and a bronze one. I keep the bronze one out on my desk and will replace it with the silver one when Bitcoin reaches $10k and the gold one when it gets to $20k - just a psychological thing to remind me that whilst we read about Bitcoin every day it's still very early days in the grand scheme of things. I think they were a couple of $ on ebay... still, look nice for the money.
@_date: 2016-10-10 20:03:29
I love the crappy MS Paint vibe, the lack of planning with the squashed up to the edge text and the wizard is brilliant. Makes me chuckle when I'm waking up in the morning. Helps spread the word about Bitcoin as well - when people give it a funny look they get an explanation they don't expect! ;-)
@_date: 2016-10-04 11:03:48
$613 each.
1,663 bitcoins for $613 would be insane - look at the current price of bitcoin on somewhere like:
 
That's over $1 Million worth of coins... well I guess it's $613 * 1,663 worth in this instance. 
@_date: 2016-10-11 08:22:48
I don't know - I tried finding one but couldn't. That's why I ended up buying it instead of doing one myself - every site I tried uploading the original mavensbot design to popped up an error saying it was too low resolution and would look pixelated... there was no 'I know and I don't care because that's part of the charm of it' option to ignore and print anyway ;-)
@_date: 2016-10-12 05:43:58
@_date: 2017-05-20 11:16:09
Quick point - if the connections stay at 8 then that likely means your node is not accepting incoming connections and isn't supporting the Bitcoin network as much as it could if it did. See here for more details on why this is important: 
To find out if it is go here and click 'Check Node': 
If it says your node isn't found that means that any other nodes that want to connect to your node to download bits of the block chain etc (and services that count nodes!!!) can't see it.
To enable it to be seen by node counting services and (importantly) for your node to be able to share it's blockchain with other nodes that are joining the network and trying to download the blockchain from multiple other nodes you need to enable 'port forwarding' on port 8333.
The easiest way to do this is goin into your node / settings / network and make sure Enable UPnP is ticked. If it is then try un-ticking and saying then going back in and re-ticking and checking bitnodes.21.co again.
If it still isn't showing up you will need to do something on your router to enable port forwarding I'm afraid.
@_date: 2016-10-11 09:34:28
mavensbot provided this link aboout a year ago. They are still in stock: 
@_date: 2016-10-12 05:47:53
@_date: 2016-10-05 06:48:18
Seconded. Not particularly technical but a brilliant read and gives you good background on cryptocurrencies in general. It's an easy read considering the subject.
@_date: 2017-05-19 19:14:52
Thank you and I appreciate that! Once I got going I couldn't stop. Very excited and optimistic about a UASF.
...and I also apologise to everyone else for the required scrolling to get past my overly long comment ;-)
@_date: 2017-05-15 16:35:48


The Core Devs are improving and optimising all the time, it's just their most recent changes aren't seeing the light of day because a small group of miners are blocking them. Go moan at the them instead. I don't see compromise on their side being made, I see empty blocks being mined because 'it is their right to do that if they want to and the protocol allows it'.
Seriously, have you tried asking them why they mine empty blocks whilst your transaction sits unconfirmed unless you pay them high fees?
@_date: 2017-05-17 09:25:12
Of relevance to your question - a discussion yesterday:
@_date: 2017-05-17 15:01:25
Oh good, another Hong Kong distraction comment. Read what says above as that's my response as well.
@_date: 2017-05-22 12:37:23
I see what you mean - you can ask them and keep track here as UASF proceeds: 
@_date: 2017-05-09 18:55:12
One possible reason is Bitcoin's continued immutability and performance as 'digital gold' and a safe store of value.
I think that although many of us here are frustrated with the scaling debate the fact that Bitcoin (the network) cannot be easily 'owned' and it's direction set by any particular group is seen as a positive by many investors who couldn't give a monkey's if it costs a few $ to move their investment around.
@_date: 2017-05-18 08:58:03
Maybe he was reffering to this:


..talking about getblocktemplate  in Core 0.14.1
@_date: 2017-05-21 05:20:40
The 'Core broke the Hong Kong agreement' line has been refuted many times. Miners quickly broke it first by supporting Classic and despite that Core developers still worked on it for example... I won't rehash them all here as I suspect you have read them already and are not willing to acknowledge them.
@_date: 2017-05-17 09:38:34
See this comment from nullc on it: 
Or this thread:
Of relevance to your question - a discussion yesterday:
@_date: 2017-05-16 14:29:23


In case you weren't aware - the author of BIP148 has put forward a new proposal - BIP149:
@_date: 2017-05-27 23:36:49


The fact that you have placed a question mark at the end of this sentence is exactly the reason why we should not just agree to a further block size increase until after Segwit has activated and we know more about the subsequent emerging fee market.
The only thing the approach of guaranteeing a further block size increase does for certain is that it makes setting up and running a full node even harder.
One of the key tenets of Bitcoin is that it should be trustless and that nobody should have to rely on a 3rd party to verify transactions. For this to remain true users must be able to run a node themselves and verify for themselves.
This was the whole point of the POW system - to remove the need to trust in a 3rd party.
So if I may reword the following from your initial comment:


No. **The way forward is to activate Segwit, the only existing and well reviewed scaling solution that enables a linear increase in on-chain transaction capacity and the potential for a massive second layer capacity increase of many orders of magnitude greater than on-chain solutions can... see how the fee market and block capacity reacts over time and only then consider adding more on-chain capacity if no other solutions are available. Because miners are blocking step one of that rational approach to scaling, that means UASF.**
@_date: 2017-05-21 06:14:38


In a sense they are though - it's just that it's only the last one (the one that represents the final holdings of the chain's to-and-fro) that gets committed to the blockchain.
I called them smart contracts because they are smart contracts: 
@_date: 2017-05-15 13:32:40


When you say value you mean the exchange rate between BTC and something like USD. It's only because things you buy on the high street etc. are priced in USD etc. that you see the price as fixed from day to day. Currency conversion/exchange rates can drop quickly as well - here's [GBP to USD for June last year]( for an extreme example. I use GBP but the price I paid for things on the high street etc. didn't change over night.


Not sure what you mean by no background. More people are learning about Bitcoin and are willing to pay ever increasing amounts to buy some. In terms of 'them' cashing out - if 'they' own a huge amount of Bitcoin they can't just sell it all for the current asking price - if someone just dumped an absolutely huge amount of BTC on a wide range of exchanges very little of their BTC will get bought for the current price and they would be better of selling it over a longer period of time - and if there were people out there buying them up as they sold the price wouldn't change much. Every day 12.5 Bitcoin every 10 minutes are created and the market currently absorbs that with ease and the price still rises. (they aren't all necessarily sold but they are added to the circulation figures).


The technology has always had things that are complicated added to it. It is complicated by it's very nature - cryptography, complex mathematics, distributed networking etc. etc. The developers have done a solid job of managing those changes over the last few years with no major issues - well, the Core developers have anyway. Core developers have a very well defined and thorough code review and release process. Some say it is overly cautious but it sounds like you might appreciate that approach ;-)
@_date: 2017-05-15 10:29:03
That's ok - just didn't want the idea that Core are promoting this to spread. If that was the case I think support would be over 6% to be honest. 
Anyway - I can see from your comments under the thread you linked to why you are concerned about the effect of the price of Bitcoin if the BIP148 deadline arrives without a majority supporting it.
Try not to worry about your savings - as you yourself said in that thread: 


So keep your own observations in mind and I hope you can relax :-)
All UASF politics aside and out of interest - how you think the hypothetical 10% support UASF you are worried about could lead to 'destroying the price' and what 'price' are you talking about? Today's? The price in 3 months time? What would you define as 'destroyed'? Look back 3 months here for reference... 
@_date: 2017-05-15 09:49:43
Devices from Trezor, Ledger etc. let you control your private keys.
You still have to observe some security processes of course - don't go writing the seed phrase down and leaving it where someone else can find it etc. but they are 'safe' in the sense you meant yes.
You have to authenticate every transaction from the device itself before the associated wallet app sends it. They are also even safe to use on potentially compromised PCs as the device holds the keys at all times.
@_date: 2017-05-17 10:13:11
That's part of the reason I asked if there was an update.
If the miners opposed a BIP that only does one thing - impairs Covert ASICBoost then it would add a lot of weight to the argument that that they are possibly only blocking SegWit because of it's (unintended) ability to impair Covert ASICBoost.
So it would be good to see a BIP to impair Covert ASICBoost and see how that was received.
@_date: 2017-05-23 15:53:51
Agreed. I was pointing out that it would tip to the 148 chain at a much earlier point than 50% as nobody wants to be the last one to switch. There would be a tipping point at some unknowable percentage lower than 50% basically based on fear of missing out and fear of being left mining on a chain that was about to get reorganised and having all coins mined on there lost whilst your competitors had already switched.
@_date: 2017-05-17 15:52:56
If they really wanted bigger blocks they'd have activated SegWit ages ago. They are stalling and jump from one half baked "big block" solution to the next. Classic, XT, BU, whatever comes next. Why do you think they keep changing to new 'solutions' all the time? Genuine question.
@_date: 2017-05-09 19:48:27
Purely because people were not able to withdraw fiat from MtGox and having only one option to try and get something back - buy bitcoin and hope they could transfer it from the exchange, hence the mental price rise.
@_date: 2017-05-17 11:12:02
Are you sure? Do you have a link for reference please? I thought the patents were for covert because overt has been known about for a long time - just not used by miners because... well, it's overt and everyone could see it.
@_date: 2017-05-19 06:32:25


Not sure what you are trying to say - if you are running UASF BIP148 then your node will activate the existing SegWit proposal on the August 1st - only for those running the UASF BIP148 code. That's the point of the UASF.
@_date: 2017-05-22 17:35:38
Great, welcome to the revolution! ;-)
@_date: 2017-05-25 12:22:07
Your 95% was all Core nodes i think - some older ones don't support Segwit (pre 0.13.1 I think)
@_date: 2017-05-19 16:28:31
?! Look at the last 3 days - it's gone from 400 to 506 nodes.
@_date: 2017-05-09 11:52:24
It's almost as if these are the nodes run by miners that perhaps signal BU but actually run on Core... ;-)
It's certainly odd that the number of blocks found by BU miners [doesn't drop]( during the BU node crashes.
@_date: 2017-05-23 05:14:28
I can ELI10 because I have actually explained it to a ten year old - but it took a while... but ELI3!!! Oh man!  ;-)
Have you tried [some videos]( on it - I'm a bit of a visual learner myself so might help you as well.
@_date: 2017-05-23 20:07:21
We don't know if it's the current BIP 141 Segwit or some 'comes with strings attached' Segwit. Like you need to run a non-core client to use it for example - no thanks. This part of the agreement - "in order to more closely coordinate with ecosystem participants in the design, integration, and deployment of safe solutions that increase bitcoin capacity." sounds like that to me - minerNode software to replace core.
@_date: 2017-05-15 16:38:08
"Another circle is needed: 
* People who can spell ransom."
EDIT: added quotes because someone on Twitter had beaten me to it ;-)
@_date: 2017-05-11 08:52:21
What you are referring to is a comment you made that the sudden peak of price in **2013** was driven by demand alone and had nothing to do with MtGox's inability to release fiat and then later bitcoin. **I made no mention of the current price rise so what are you doing mentioning me here?!** In case you have forgotten that here is a link to your comments:
In which you started off [here]( by having a go at the Core developers for the current high transaction rates:


2017 Slow and expensive. Way to go developers!
...and then diverted the conversation from that to the price rise in 2013 when you realised you'd lost that argument. Now it appears you are shifting the argument to try and make out I made any comment about the **current** price rise, which you can clearly see I never did. Plus you are now commenting under a completely different post altogether! I would say that you were a master of misdirection... but you really aren't that good at it.
Give it a rest now.
EDIT: You also imply that I am shorting Bitcoin!!!??!! Based on what exactly? Wow, What's next I wonder????
What's any of this got to do with your original comment "thanks developers!" in relation to high fees in 2017? 
You should have just left it there... 
@_date: 2017-05-02 07:05:14
I can check github to see a list of core contributors and there's a lot more than 8.
I'm not trawling through your post history, the onus is on you not I as I'm not the one making the strange claims.
@_date: 2017-05-24 05:56:33
They hold patents for it so the playing field is not level.
@_date: 2017-05-02 06:17:13
Whilst the delay in a scaling solution is frustrating it does highlight that Bitcoin is immutable and not easily changed by any one group of people. Many see this as a feature and not a problem. Give it time and look at the price charts (up 500+% in two years) if you are worried about it 'ruining us'  ;-)
No, not 'anything'.
@_date: 2017-05-24 19:38:41
You prefer to sit and let other people decide how Bitcoin works and hand it down to you? If you don't want to be on the BIP 148 chain you don't have to do anything so that's fine. If it works and we get Segwit on Bitcoin - you're welcome!
@_date: 2017-05-27 20:53:05
Can you explain how you got to this conclusion?
If they are getting less BTC because the coinbase reward halves they need to rely on transaction fees more until ultimately they are getting the majority of their income from fees in the future - as intended by design:


Source: 
So if we get to the point where the block reward is 3.125 in the time frame you refer to we need miners to be collecting a lot from fees. So whatever the block size is in 7 years time is needs to be of a small enough size to ensure it is nearly at capacity to encourage a profitable fee market for miners. This is the same for every subsequent halving.
I'm certainly not saying that we will never need to increase the block size in the future - I'm just pointing out that saying that we need to increase block sizes *because* the block reward is halved every 4 years is not true - we need to have a block size (whatever that may be at that point in time) that ensures a healthy fee market for miners as the block reward is gradually reduced. 
This doesn't mean the block size needs to go up every 4 years without question.
@_date: 2017-05-02 12:27:26
I was looking for node counts in particular and it's hard to find a neutral source!
According to  ...


Oh really????? Everyone mines then do they?
EDIT - oh yes of course - bitnodes.21.co - should have thought of that as I use them to check my node's port forwarding! Thanks.
@_date: 2017-05-19 20:54:46
You may benefit from reading [this]( which I wrote for someone new to Bitcoin as you seem to misunderstand the role of hash power and nodes and have fallen for the 'hash power is king' fallacy.
@_date: 2017-05-24 07:00:38
Disable the use of ASICBoost!
@_date: 2017-05-15 13:45:12
In my opinion yes - as that as what I do.
You may want to plan what course of action you would take if (for example) your house burnt down and your device was destroyed. Don't store the seed back up in the same location as the hardware wallet for example. 
The pin is a fine way to secure the device but if someone found the seed phrase they could recreate the wallet in a wallet app and move the funds. So don't underestimate how important securing it is. You could even split the seed phrase up physically to reduce the risk of it getting discovered.
@_date: 2017-05-27 23:58:22


Can you set out what exactly the NY agreement 'agreed' on as many people who actually attended the event and signed it do not have the same opinions of what was agreed upon. You suggest that we could start writing code from this collection of vague high level contradictory statements.


Going back to coding, reviewing, modelling and testing a brand new solution that would then take at least a year to get deployed - let alone activated - would not be better than BIP 148 in my opinion as that gets us Segwit starting August 1st.
The way forward is to activate Segwit, the only existing and well reviewed scaling solution that enables a linear increase in on-chain transaction capacity and the potential for a massive second layer capacity increase of many orders of magnitude greater than on-chain solutions can... see how the fee market and block capacity reacts over time and only then consider adding more on-chain capacity if no other solutions are available. Because miners are blocking step one of that rational approach to scaling, that means UASF.
EDIT: I responded before realising that u/cacheson had already said what I wanted to say. Apologies for essentially duplicating a response but I will leave it here as it also adds criticism about the idea of the Hard Fork for larger blocks.
@_date: 2017-05-18 17:34:21
Thanks! 
Quite exciting to think that us users could be the ones to activate SegWit... sure feels better than having to sit and hope 95% of a group of miners do! :-)
@_date: 2017-05-19 05:48:48
I know what point you are trying to make but those 5 nodes will not follow the BIP148 chain is the answer!
@_date: 2017-05-15 18:51:29
Wow - if you ignore yet another homophobic insult you have almost posted some content! Well done!


What do you mean by that? How so?


I do enjoy owning Bitcoin and I enjoy reading about it and working with it. Not everyone who holds a view different than your own is a troll and it's possible to have a discussion without resorting to idiotic and repetitive insults you know.
@_date: 2017-05-18 18:37:36
I was until recently - there is a lot to read, there always is with Bitcoin!
On August 1st nodes running UASF (BIP148) will activate SegWit (the **existing deployed version** that we are all currently waiting on miners to activate). That's going to happen - with my node and a number of others at least! 
If UASF 148 get a decent amount of support between now and then it's likely that the growing support will knock on to other users and nodes with economic weight. 
If it activates with a majority support then miners would be making a financially bad choice in mining the other chain. Even if it doesn't have majority support there will be a chain that has SegWit (and therefore Lightning Network) enabled scaling and one that doesn't... it may not take long for those on the "non-SegWit, sat and waiting for some big politically motivated individual or business to grant them a scaling solution they may not support but have no option" chain to swap to the chain with an actual scaling solution that the majority of users want!
Anyway - that's my opinion and sorry I wrote so much - I am enthusiastic and excited that we (the users) may get to activate SegWit instead of waiting for one more delayed 'solution' proposal after another. 
If you want SegWit enabled by August 1st you can run a node that signals for UASF BIP148 to show it. If you decide to change your mind before August 1st and stop supporting it because you think the support level near activation date isn't what you hoped it would - then that's fine!
@_date: 2017-05-11 17:08:25
So he's basically saying Litecoin can act as the daily transactional currency while bitcoin is the store of value reserve currency. BTC = gold in a vault, LTC = silver coins for small spends.
Combining the tweets:


Just posting for info and not endorsing... but I'd like to hear how it would work in more detail - especially his comments about reducing the miner's transaction fees until they relent and activate SegWit on BTC...
@_date: 2017-05-19 18:48:59
You can either compile the source code yourself or visit 
As such there is only one 'version' of the latest UASF BIP148 code and it was implemented by forking the reference client source code and adding the BIP 148 code to it.
More info here: 
@_date: 2017-05-09 09:06:36
I'll stop updating this unless it changes but still no drop! AMAZING!
(42.1% of last 144 @ 10:06 GMT)
@_date: 2017-05-28 18:28:50


Oooh, does it?  ¯\ _(ツ)_ /¯


Me also - and now I am sick of watching the same control being attempting in Bitcoin by a Miner who is centralising mining, holds patents to protect an exploit of the POW algorithm, is trying to control protocol upgrades and has invested heavily in an exchange launched this week.
There will be a free market on August 1st, where people are free to make a choice as to which path Bitcoin takes. You are free to follow whoever you like. 
I am fully supporting a UASF. Good luck :-)
@_date: 2017-05-28 05:36:24
I know what the point of fees are and the different ways in which a market emerges.
So what actual point are you making in your comment? That we should just increase the block size at a set point in time without reviewing how the last block size has affected the fee market, thereby putting the decentralised 'verify, don't trust' nature of Bitcoin at risk in the process?!
@_date: 2017-05-18 20:11:53
I agree.
And yes, the BU signalling is all it is in the case of at least 200 nodes that can't be running it (likely mining nodes). Every time BU nodes crash there are always about 200 that somehow remain online!!! It's almost as if they are running Core but signalling BU! ;-)
@_date: 2017-05-15 08:45:52


Is it?!?!? 
I really don't think the price at the minute has anything to do with the SEC/ETF's upcoming appeal decision. Why would people think it would get approved on appeal so shortly after it was rejected - none of the fundamental reasons that the SEC originally opposed the ETF for have changed. 
@_date: 2017-05-01 10:22:21
I also think that the fact that no one group can easily change Bitcoin's path is seen as bullish by some. Although the scaling debate is of great frustration to most people here, there are some who value the fact that Bitcoin is not an easy thing to change - i.e. people who view Bitcoin as digital gold and are not overly concerned about buying coffee with it in the future and instead place value on it's immutability.
@_date: 2017-05-21 16:33:01


Yes - some of them do but it's hard to argue that the majority of [users, node operators]( and [businesses]( prefer SegWit.


UASF to enable SegWit is the alternative I see... or nothing and leave things as they are.


This is what I don't subscribe to - having to make the miners happy. They run a business that provides a service to users, they have to serve the customers needs, not the other way around... again, in my view. I have nothing against Bitcoin miners at all - even the rage often seen here against Jihan seems a bit OTT in my opinion - he's obviously going to try and protect his financial well being as many people would in his situation... but I truly believe that the users (the Peers in Bitcoin's Peer-to-Peer network) should have the deciding say in what direction the project takes.
@_date: 2017-05-19 05:53:14
Only by hard forking the network.
@_date: 2017-05-19 17:16:27
You can track support from merchants [here]( It doesn't show actual node counts per company - but it does show support and readiness. 
UASF (BIP 148) currently has 23 companies in support and 3 ready. SegWit itself has 66 in support and 58 ready for comparison. Early days so keep an eye on it as the node count rises.
@_date: 2016-10-10 21:07:21
I got it from the link below - I think it was posted from Scotland. No idea if they do international or not... 
@_date: 2017-05-23 10:32:32
So your defence of the 'blockstream conspiracy theory' where the funding of 1.5 developers by a company that happens to have investors from an insurance company somehow equals 'bankers taking over Bitcoin' that is repeatedly refereed to in the link you posted is this:


They can support what they like.
How does the fact that Gregg does not support BIP 148 sit in that theory? - especially as he's the CTO of blockstream. Or do you ignore that bit because it doesn't fit with the narrative?
I think I'll leave it there as this is likely something we won't change each other's minds on ;-)
Thanks for the civil discussion though.
@_date: 2017-05-22 21:12:02
@_date: 2017-05-24 08:01:46
Not sure what point you are making. Please elaborate. 
I was saying that Segwit that isn't 148 released under the existing activation isn't the Segwit people expected. If there is some cludge to get it enabled by having to run some non-core client with a HF bundled in then that's an attempt to get people to use a corporate solution client based on a trojan horse offering of saying 'it will enable Segwit'.
@_date: 2017-05-15 15:05:21


If you keep them locked up it would decrease the available supply and inflate the value of any more you had. So if you also owned 1 BTC outside of the 1.2 you have locked up that was 1 out of 21,000,000 Bitcoin ever created and available to use - now it is 1 out of 20,999,998.8... you are basically making money by throwing them away! ;-)
(sorry - not very helpful, being serious, I feel your frustration)
@_date: 2017-05-17 13:22:27
You start work on the time machine and we'll focus on today.
@_date: 2017-05-15 08:35:03
Is this what you are saying?... They collectively agree not to pick up a certain set of transactions that are under a set fee amount that they themselves send.
So they send transactions with fees less than 100 satoshis / byte ( for example and agree to not pick any up with less than 101 satoshis / byte set. They are not concerned if the transactions never get added to block obviously. Users are concerned by this so have to set a fee above the 100 satoshi / byte artificial fee minimum. Can't see a downside to this for the miners. Keep fees above a set level by spamming under that level and agreeing not to pick them up.
Also - would this not work: (it's hypothetical so reasons why/why not appreciated)...
Top 5 miners (for the sake of an easy example and top 5 named pools are 52.2% according to [this]( see what percentage of blocks they have each mined over the last 2016 blocks. For the sake of easy maths let's say their success of being the one to find the blocks out of all the miners out there are:
    Miner A: 16% (which is 32% of the total blocks found between the 5 miners)
    Miner B: 11% (which is 22%... &lt;as above&gt;...) 
    Miner C: 08% (which is 16%... &lt;as above&gt;...)
    Miner D: 08% (which is 16%... &lt;as above&gt;...)
    Miner E: 06% (which is 12%... &lt;as above&gt;...)
Total: 50% of blocks found are by these 5 miners. They agree between them to spend $x on fees as they have estimated that $x is enough to push the fee average up enough to give any miner who finds a block a decent reward from transaction fees in blocks.
Each miner agrees to spend $x / their proportional input of the 100% total they are spending as set out above. So...
Miner A pays $x * 0.32
Miner B pays $x * 0.22 etc.
As they are spending a proportional amount of what they get back anyway the costs will be zero on balance - apart from the fact that their 50% success means that 50% will go to miners not in their 'fee cartel'.
So is it possible to find a value of $x that's worth them spending to make sure they make money from sending transactions like this (even if some get mined and pay out to miners not in their 50% club) and bumping the average user's transaction fee up?
@_date: 2017-05-16 14:04:16
What about the new [BIP149]( proposal - a rework of the BIP148 proposal following [some feedback]( from Greg Maxwell on the bitcoin mailing list suggesting a more sound approach was needed?
BIP 149:
@_date: 2017-05-21 05:26:28
If there is any type of chain split or even a hard fork by the miners under the banner of BU any coins you already hold are safe on both chains if you just intend to leave them at that address. 
The potential issues start if you send or receive coins after the split - but there are things that can be done to mitigate this. I'll try and find a link to a guide I think I've seen recently... reply if I haven't added it in a day or so as I've likely forgot! ;-)
@_date: 2017-05-22 13:17:30
It's actually quicker just using 0.14.1 than the torrent after recent changes - which is why the torrent isn't updated any more.
@_date: 2017-05-22 10:38:09
"Thanks for your proposal but we already have a solution" is my feeling about it all. It's just likely going to be a distraction to take the wind out of UASF's sails.
@_date: 2017-05-18 13:33:46
It just seems frustrating after this community has been crying out for SegWit activation for years and years and now it is right there if we want it!
I would hate to see people get sucked into another proposal that 'might' get them SegWit (plus some other stuff they didn't ask for) when SegWit could be had with no 'hidden extras' by August 1st.
If you would like to see SegWit activated on Bitcoin as a solution to the scaling debate - signal for a BIP148 UASF and have it by August 1st (*this year* that is and not August 2018 or 2019 etc. etc. etc.)
@_date: 2017-05-16 14:23:18
I appreciate the link but asking people to download a derivative of their Core client isn't really removing a barrier though - it's just presenting a different one. 
I'm not trying to be negative and support a UASF myself (albeit via BIP149) - I'm just pointing out that:
* I don't think a large number of people can compile the source because they run Windows and it's difficult to
* I don't think a large number of people want to run a different client that (according to it's home page) "includes some new features that have not yet been tested to the same extent as those included in Bitcoin Core. While we make a reasonable effort to ensure they are safe, there are no guarantees."
I imagine the majority of Core users will pass on BIP148 and will hopefully buy in to the more cautious BIP149 approach to a UASF. I have little doubt that a UASF will gain support - I just think that BIP148 and the increased risk of a chain split compared to BIP149 is perhaps a bit 'too much too soon' for the majority of users that's all.
@_date: 2017-05-15 13:57:02
@_date: 2017-05-19 14:04:04
Yeah, not trying to suggested they are linked. Just positive all round really!
@_date: 2017-05-09 13:03:23
How do you know that? I assume you heard about it in the Dragon's Den?
@_date: 2017-05-22 08:34:15


Can you back that up with anything? I was asked to when I claimed majority support of SegWit.


Oh give it a break... you are worried about a company that financially supports 1.5 full time Core developers *potentially* making money from second layer solutions in the future... possibly. Why aren't you complaining that there are **already companies out there making money from crippling the existing chain**??? Mining companies.
@_date: 2017-05-02 07:33:57


Are you serious? You stated something at odds with what I see when I look at the Core repo on GitHub and I am not allowed to ask how you formed the opinion that only 8 people contribute/control it? I am also expected to trawl through 90 posts on the off chance that I find evidence to back up your claim instead of questioning where you got your 'facts' from. The 'imagined person' is not a straw man - it was me requesting where you got your opinion on a contentious matter from so quickly - these imaginary 8 people who control Bitcoin is something you have still not provided any evidence for.
If Core controlled Bitcoin to the extent you seem to believe how come SegWit didn't go live when it was released? Because the community control Bitcoin that's why - the peers in the peer to peer network.
Your failure to provide any kind of link to back up what you claimed and resorting to saying:


...just makes it clear that you are spreading rumours and not sharing facts.
&lt;conversation ends&gt;
@_date: 2017-05-27 21:15:13


Completely incorrect.
If they don't limit it in some way there will be no fee market, ever. Miners will need to rely on fees more every halving until they are entirely reliant on collecting fees in the future. 
Not my words but someone else's:


Source: 
@_date: 2017-05-02 07:43:40
Links to the first page of your posts
The only mention of 8 men links to a post you made with one upvote and 1 comment that links to:
A 1 year old post where one person mentions 8 people in this context:


That's your 'proof'!!! Bwaaaah ha ha! 
I'm ending this now so reply all you like.
EDIT : got the np part wrong in the link.
@_date: 2017-05-19 17:05:07
There is no set number needed - the more the better. The exchange nodes have more economic weight so count for more but all nodes are important. 
I guess it could be a bit 'chicken and egg' at the minute - some users might be waiting for the exchanges to signal on their nodes and some exchanges might be waiting to see if users signal. As it happens UASF node counts have risen from 400 - 506 in just the last 3 days, so hopefully that will carry on and reach a tipping point before too long! :-)
@_date: 2017-05-18 18:24:01
But lots of things that end up with wide large support start small - what's wrong with seeing how support goes and taking a view in a few months time?
Users actually standing up for a change they want is better than them sitting there complaining waiting on other - politically focused - individuals and companies to tell then what they have decided is best for them don't you think?
If enough people signal that they would like to activate SegWit via a UASF people will listen. There's only been three days of UASF related posts and already the community is being offered alternatives - it nothing else it will force other parties to go with UASF of sort their differences out. On August 1st there will be nodes with SegWit activated, how many - who knows... but let's at least give it a chance and not shout it down from the start.
@_date: 2017-05-20 16:10:52
Apologies if you already know some of this: 
For a while now the official releases of the [Bitcoin Core]( client have had code in them called [SegWit]( This segregates the witness data from transactions making more room for transactions in a block and but also it fixes something called [transaction malleability]( Fixing this makes the building of second layer solutions like [Lightning Network]( possible and lots of other future developments easier to deploy. Lightning Network is "Capable of millions to billions of transactions per second across the network. Capacity blows away legacy payment rails by many orders of magnitude."
Unfortunately the SegWit code is not yet *active* within the Core client which is [by far the dominant]( client on the network. So it's in there but there is a condition that needs to be met before it is activated...
The developers released SegWit with a built in check that needs 95% of the miners to signal in their blocks that they are ready for it and have upgraded their mining nodes to it. Unfortunately miners are now blocking the activation of SegWit (and the solutions it then enables) because they don't want it activated. This could be because of a number of reasons like fear that second layer solutions like Lightning Network will reduce the load on the main Bitcoin chain and therefore reduce the fees they collect from users or that SegWit enables solutions that they are not directly able to try and control like the main chain. Who knows!?! There are plenty of reasons and most of them are ones that are related to the miners own profits and not in line with the desires of the network's users.
Whatever their reasons the majority of users and [businesses]( *do* want SegWit and are frustrated by their blocking of it.
So - enter the idea of a UASF... &lt;insert dramatic music here&gt;


The UASF (called [BIP 148]( isn't any more than a small number of lines of code. What it does is say that from August 1st onwards any nodes running it will reject blocks that miners produce if those blocks don't signal for SegWit. By gaining enough support via users and exchanges running UASF BIP 148 this will hopefully force miners to start signalling for SegWit and push the percentage above the 95% activation threshold and... activate SegWit on Bitcoin!
If you already run a node you can upgrade it to run the [UASF code]( or add a flag (called a [uacomment]( to your node to say you support it. If you do the latter is it important that you upgrade to run the actual code by August 1st. If you don't run a node maybe it's time to give it a try and support the activation of SegWit through user action! :-)
@_date: 2017-05-21 05:38:13


I tried but it's sometimes hard to dumb down complicated things and Bitcoin *is* complicated due to it's very nature! You start off reading about it at high level and think you understand it - then you read more and after a while realise there is a still a lot more to learn.... years later there still will be as understanding it *all* is very much like trying to hit a moving target and I suspect there isn't a single person who understand how every current feature works and also how all the proposed ones are intended to! ;-) 
I appreciate the thanks :-)
@_date: 2017-05-09 08:28:19
Will be interesting to see if the number of blocks mined by pools who claim to run BU drops over the next few hours.
 (42.1% of last 144 @ 9:00 GMT)
EDIT: I initially typed 41.1% - it was 42.1%. 
EDIT 2: Unfortunately  is offline so we can't see there now. They are pretty 'pro-BU' and if I was the type I'd start a conspiracy theory that they have taken themselves offline so we can't see how crashing BU nodes != drop in BU signalling blocks ;-)
@_date: 2017-05-09 16:39:47
Sweet lair. It must have a fibre cable under the sea so they can remotely action their evil plans.
@_date: 2017-05-17 13:01:17
If everyone who wants SegWit activated ran a node which supported BIP148 we'd have SegWit by August 1st.
People who would like to see SegWit activated on Bitcoin: instead of waiting for other people to start doing something to activate SegWit and seeing how adoption goes just signal your intent or run the code and start the movement going. If you panic and want to go back to opting out you can - but there's not much to lose at the minute and a lot to gain.
@_date: 2017-05-17 10:01:11
Someone [asked this same question]( yesterday when the price was $1,770. It's currently $1,873. 
So in hindsight, and if you are after short term returns - it was a good time to invest yesterday. 
As for today - we'll only really know tomorrow ;-)
@_date: 2017-05-23 15:42:38


I'm liking your new phrase to explain a reorganisation ;-)


Even way before it approaches 50% as who would wait until it gets to 50 to jump off the old non-148 chain? It's the worry that others will not wait until 51% and the non-148 chain getting reorganised that will make people jump earlier... and everyone will want to jump before their competitors so it's a self fuelling cycle of jumpers (for what of a better phrase) that will push the switch % down - and a tipping point will be reached at a much lower rate than 50%.
@_date: 2017-05-09 17:01:28
Yeah, apparently AXA paid for the cable to be laid. They did a special episode about it on TV - "The worlds greatest evil lairs". There's a secret room they weren't allowed to film in called "The Den" with a huge wooden door with a dragon carved on it. You couldn't see into it but you could hear evil laughter coming from within and someone shouting "deploy the next bug exploit!". Creepy stuff.
@_date: 2017-05-21 13:30:29
Also the difficulty would increase as more hash power is added to the network over those 3 years - meaning you would get even less than you calculated! ;-)
@_date: 2017-05-17 15:19:25
The very next day after what... a year of development, testing and reviewing?
@_date: 2017-05-22 11:19:48
This ^ 
...plus you haven't got maxconnections set in your config file have you? i.e. if it's set at 10 and you have 10 incoming already the bitnodes request will fail.
@_date: 2017-05-19 20:14:39
Good for you but this isn't 'my bitcoin stash is bigger than yours' - my comment was asking you what point were you trying to make above? ;-)


Are you implying that only people with a large Bitcoin holding should have a say in how changes to bitcoin are activated? People like miners or early adopters who bought in when BTC was very cheap? That's not very 'no barriers, peer-to-peer, trust-less, global currency' of you is it?
@_date: 2017-05-27 23:43:14


The fact that you are asking questions about what fee markets will be like after Segwit just highlights the point I am making. 
* Nobody knows how Segwit and second layer solutions will affect the fee market. 
* We can't commit to a further increase in the block size until we know what effect Segwit and second layer solutions have.
See my reply to your other similar comment where you also ask a question that just highlights why no up-front commitment should be made to increase block size [here](
@_date: 2017-05-20 05:18:10
So there you go then. Thanks for finally confirming my suspicion.
There are lots of helpful expert and explanatory post about UASF, most of which lay out the technicalities of it.


I agree completely. Google 'bitcoin', see Bitcoin.com, assume it's the official site which then directs them to r/btc where they see little technical discussion, just endless posts about how a disparate group of developers who contribute to an open source project are somehow actually members of a secret group of evil bankers trying to take over Bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-05-17 09:11:36
Out of interest - did you buy? It was about 1770 when you asked.
@_date: 2017-05-24 19:42:29
By support I meant they will offer you access to BIP 148 and non-148.


I want it activated and I don't see that happening anytime soon, if at all if we just wait for people to hand down solutions to us. I won't try and convince you though as we have set different goal expectations by the sounds of it is all :-)
@_date: 2017-05-18 12:49:52


Hang on - when you say that Miners protect us who do you think they protect us from with their Hashpower? Their hashpower is there to make it hard for a malicious actor to alter the blockchain - which they could only do by **mining** an alternate version with more hashpower. 
So the miners protect us against 'malicious' miners - i.e. an entity using hashpower to alter the blockchain - which is in itself 'mining'. 
So in Bitcoin you trust that the majority of the hashpower will not try and attack the chain. They protect us from hashpower attacks. Haspower attack = someone maliciously mining. 
So "It just wouldn't make any sense to attack Bitcoin as a miner. " is wrong if you see that the attacks miners protect us from are attacks from other entities trying to maliciously **mine** (miners then by definition).
What so you think the hashpower protects us from may I ask???
@_date: 2017-05-02 08:04:57
Turns out it's measured by counting people with the 'Expert' Reddit flair: 
So all you need to control a $20bln+ market cap asset class is.... Reddit flair! You couldn't make it up...
EDIT : got the np part wrong in the link.
@_date: 2017-05-27 20:57:46
If you have a PC you can leave on then you can just run a UASF node on that. 
If not you may want to try running it on an inexpensive (to buy and run) machine like the Raspberry Pi. Guide on how to do this [here](
@_date: 2017-05-09 10:35:33
I am going to have to force myself to stop visiting as it's not good for my (otherwise calm) mental state!
@_date: 2017-05-24 06:06:10


! Or a terrible one... which it is.
@_date: 2017-05-10 05:47:50
... and then suddenly drying up almost as if it was never actually demand sending it up in the first place. 
You know nothing and are just trying to sound edgy and act as if you understand the situation. Haven't you got homework you should be doing?
@_date: 2017-05-21 05:16:32


Well, in many people's opinion SegWit + LN are the better solution. 'Several years' before it makes an impact - what are you basing that on?
Luckily Lightning Network on Litecoin will let us see how it goes before dismissing it... and it might be on Bitcoin before too long as well ;-)
@_date: 2017-05-22 13:05:22
This seems like the plan: 
@_date: 2017-05-02 10:06:18


To an extent they are but a set of conditions have to be met in order for that to be the case as I understand it...
Yes they are compatible if all EC miners stay within the bounds of BIP 100. Also excessive-block values signalled by EC blocks are taken into account when calculating the BIP100 block size limit. 
No they are not compatible if an EC following miner makes a block bigger than BIP 100's 75% super-majority rule and outside the 5% change limit rule and the other EC miners build on it.


*Can* if EC supporting miners all suddenly jumped to 8MB. They couldn't co-exist at the same time unless that happened so why not just signal 8MB then and not BU? 
For either case - why not signal BU if you support BU? This comment branch was about BU support specifically and not 'all big block proposals' - which yes, I agree total over 50% of blocks produced, I'm not arguing that because it's there to be seen.
@_date: 2017-05-17 17:39:09
Yes - I think that's likely the case. I did formerly support BIP149 over 148 but believe that with 149 there will be issues with the SegWit enabled nodes we are running at the minute (0.14.1 etc.) seeing SegWit transactions in the future and saying 'hey, I thought we didn't activate that - Reject!!'. So it's not as simple as it initially seems. Also it's a long time away. I think the issues will be worked out but I wouldn't mind giving 148 a go before that. 
If the signalling isn't very high near August 1st - fine, people can revert to non-148 nodes if they think it hasn't got enough support. There will be some that run it regardless but if we're talking very low support levels on August 1st then that's not a big deal. Small chain split containing die-hards. That small chain might then gain momentum when people realise those small chain folk have SegWit and Lightning Network mind you ;-)
Having said that I don't mind waiting - I am not the type who think we should be using Bitcoin for coffee purchases right now anyway - it still needs to mature and I can't see why anyone would spend BTC on coffee instead of FIAT whilst the price is still rising so quickly. I'd rather spend my constantly depreciating FIAT on coffee than my appreciating in value BTC! ;-)
@_date: 2017-05-22 11:33:39
Requires a restart after changing config to take effect I think.
@_date: 2017-05-29 16:55:01


I never said it was. 
My point was that BIP 9 was intended to signal readiness - it was not created to provide miners with a way to 'vote' on those changes.
The majority of the community - [85% of users]( and [86% of businesses]( - support Segwit but their desire for protocol change is being blocked by a comparatively much smaller number of people.
The UASF on August 1st will happen anyway, unless miners perform a MASF before then. Either way I think BIP 9's days are numbered and BIP 8 is likely to supersede it from now on.
@_date: 2017-05-11 16:49:48
The half made up of the two outermost quarters - it could keep rocketing up, or take a sharp correction down... either that or the middle two quarters are right on balance and it will level off... or a combination of any of those viewpoints! Who knows?! ;-)
@_date: 2017-05-25 09:02:42
Are you baiting me or is that a genuine question?
If it's the latter - have you tried downloading and syncing a new node lately? And that's with 1MB blocks. Imagine 8MB blocks. It wouldn't happen - people would have to trust 3rd parties who can afford to run and provide the bandwidth etc.
If you can't run your own node (which was a goal in the the original design) you can't verify for yourself (which was a goal in the original design) and you have to trust a 3rd party - removing the need for this trust was **the whole point of Bitcoin** and what the POW enables.
Emphasis above for emphasis only - I'm not shouting at you ;-)
Segwit *enables* Lightning Network which will give users the option to make immediate payments with a very low fee - micro transactions included. Optional being the key word here for users. It is not something that comes bundled with Segwit.
@_date: 2017-05-17 09:06:45
I kept an eye on the price after our comments yesterday and it fell from 1770 to 1719 - so if he bought at 1770 I hope he had the nerve to hold onto it until today (current price 1853) - or better still bought at 1719 with perfect timing! ;-)
The $2,000 psychological barrier is closing in and it would be great to break it. Scaling debate... what scaling debate?! ;-)
@_date: 2017-05-17 15:34:14
The time stamping of transactions is based on POW. There are many other elements to Bitcoin you know ;-)
@_date: 2017-05-23 18:03:51
Here's a [great article]( explaining the UASF. We are talking about BIP 148 by the way... 
[Raspberry Pi UASF set up guide]( 
UASF info website: 
Luke-jr's [recent post](
Brief version: UASF = Users trying to activate the current SegWit deployment instead of relying on miners themselves.
@_date: 2017-05-18 13:55:32
Have you since rebooted the router? I had an issue a few months ago where the router forgot it's settings after a reboot (likely by design) - Core node was running and carried on running and after router reboot UPnP was no longer having an affect. After lots of scratching my head I found all i had to do was untick 'use UPnP' in core/settings/network and then ok it then go back in and tick it again - it then fired off another UPnP request to the router and all was well!!! (either that or you have to restart your node which takes more time). Good luck!
@_date: 2017-05-10 08:33:13
Oh you can do better than that! 
Such a poor attempt to divert the conversation away from your idiotic claim that the 2013 spike was due to natural demand, which was itself a diversion from your sly insult to Bitcoin core contributors.
Pop over to r/bitcoinmarkets and post your idea there - you will get laughed at, because it's ridiculous and counters actual facts that are easy to prove.
You can [read]( up on it by people who were actually involved with the companies related to if you like - or just continue to try and defend your position that it was caused by natural demand and not MtGox's impending insolvency, or just keep post childish replies in an attempt to try and divert attention away from your exposed ignorance.
@_date: 2017-05-25 12:29:05
That's ok then. You won't be running BIP 148 is all.
What about if miners tried to hard fork and the majority of the community didn't then? You oppose that as well I assume on the same principle?
EDIT: their interests don't "align beautifully" at the minute if the miners oppose a change like Segwit just to keep ASICBoost for example. That is misaligned and not for the good of the network as a whole. 
What you are saying is that nodes (and the users of them) and miners keep each other in check. If one get's out of hand the other reins them back and aligns them for the good of the network. Miners have too much perceived power at the minute = UASF! 
@_date: 2017-05-24 19:26:31
They are for sure. Only issue is you have to send £ to a polish bank - but that completes with a couple of hours so is ok really and I'm fine with it having done it a few times now. The Polish bank thing is hardly their fault mind you! I have asked them for a response to if they will now support BIP 148 as Bittylicious do - it's best for them to keep up with their competitors after all and I'll be on the BI P148 chain come August 1st! :-)
@_date: 2017-05-22 13:17:42
No where any more - see above.
@_date: 2017-05-19 17:21:31
uacomment means the nodes are currently signalling support. 
I myself signalled via uacomment with the intention to upgrade to the BIP148 code - which my node is now running. It now signals as  /Satoshi:0.14.1/UASF-Segwit:0.3(BIP148)/.
@_date: 2017-05-20 06:15:50
Here is some general information 
And here is a post explaining​ the way it could work out 
@_date: 2017-05-27 15:44:01
No - nodes that just sit there on the network doing validation and nothing else won't contribute - it's the nodes of actual users that send and receive Bitcoin that will contribute along with exchanges etc.
@_date: 2017-05-20 05:56:38
I didn't know Trezor were. That's great news, thanks for the info.
@_date: 2017-05-18 19:28:49
Yes - and his was mostly just a statement of caution.
@_date: 2017-05-10 09:06:18
I'm not saying there wasn't. There would be no money or Bitcoin on MtGox if there hadn't been demand. That demand lead to people buying Bitcoin via MtGox (mostly) which helped raise the price - but it wasn't why it went to it's ATH suddenly in a few weeks. There was a lot of panic over MtGox at the time the price spiked:
Plus the potential pumping via Willy bot: 
It wasn't just natural demand.
@_date: 2017-05-15 18:32:49
Your reference to Ver makes no sense - I am a big fan of SegWit actually - check my post history. Even my choice of [t-shirt and mug]( is proof of that ;-) 
You seem only to be a fan of male fellatio judging from your comment history.
The point I am making - and it looks like I need to dumb it down further so you understand - is that your stupid comments and playground insults and complete lack of constructive contributions make this sub look bad and it would be a better place if you shut up. It would be even better if you decided to support big blocks and joined the 'other' sub because your comments drag down whatever side of the argument you are on and I would like to see BU support dragged down. 
Do you get it now? Did that make sense to you or do I need to take it down to an even lower level of reading comprehension? If the big words are confusing you best to ask an adult to explain them to you.
@_date: 2017-05-22 14:38:27


Yep - I am not saying node count alone is what it's all about at all. User nodes count towards giving the economic nodes a message. Exchange nodes matter a lot more. Anyway - there are risks yes but I know enough about the technical details to make my decision.
Let's see what the proposal is when it is published today (hopefully) and go from there. Hopefully we will all look back in a year and laugh about the scaling debate as Bitcoin goes from strength to strength! :-)
@_date: 2017-05-15 08:52:15


When you say handy - do you mean you don't have it at all?
If you can't get the seed phrase at all then I don't think brute forcing the pin will work - I am not sure about Electrum but a lot of other wallets increase the time delay between incorrect pin entries to stop this exact thing so after a few incorrect guesses it becomes pretty much impossible... unless you are *very* patient ;-)
@_date: 2017-05-23 20:02:04
Thing is there's no details that have been given about it - they are just acting as if it's all done and dusted and everyone is supposed to be happy but where's the actual implementation details?
It's a delay tactic until they show details... until then don't stop UASF. Best to be sure.
@_date: 2017-05-23 20:54:19
Sadly this appears to be what's being attempted.
Not a problem - we just keep up with UASF - if we get Segwit the way we want it and not some 'comes with extras' version then fine.. but if not then UASF is a huge safety net.
The details of the agreement haven't been released and it is possibly a way to deploy a corporate version of a Bitcoin client. 'Want Segwit?... here use our version of the client and you get it'*^1.
Put the U into USAF: 
*^1 Means handing over control of Bitcoin to miners and corporations.
@_date: 2017-05-23 18:54:41
Huh?! That's my opinion. 
I maybe mis-read your original comment but you implied that the agreement meant Core devs had sold out! They were no part of the agreement - as you now say.
@_date: 2017-05-09 15:39:22
Indeed. I originally [asked for proof]( and over the course of a lot of comments back and forth have yet to see any - but I was told I had been proved wrong (not sure what about - I only asked for proof and that itself isn't a thing to be wrong or right about) because I didn't know what BIND (the DNS software) was (even though I do)!!! It's all just distraction from what the issue was - unsubstantiated claims of an 'attack' by core on BU nodes and another BU bug.
@_date: 2017-05-02 06:29:45
...and yet still the price has gone up 500% in two years. A solution will come but is it really that bad to pay a couple of dollars per transaction for the immutability that Bitcoin offers? The market doesn't seem to think so. 
I'm all for a scaling solution to activate but it's really not the end of the world for Bitcoin of it takes time. Buy your coffee off chain with FIAT if you want fee free daily transaction costs at the minute as it slowly devalues through inflation over time whereas the value of Bitcoin increases. If I'd bought coffee with Bitcoin 2 years ago I'd have only got 80 cups for 1 BTC... so I'm glad I didn't now. Scaling to enable daily purchases is needed in Bitcoin, but it's not like it's now or never is all I'm saying. 
And as others have pointed out, a *lot* has been done about it.
@_date: 2017-05-15 18:12:21
Have you considered changing your support to that of big blocks? 
I personally would welcome seeing you exit this sub - you don't do anything other than post abuse and it doesn't exactly set the right tone for constructive debate. 
You could do more damage to BU by being one of their supporters I believe. All you would have to do is replace every homophobic insult you spew out with the word 'blockstream supporter' and you would fit right in there.
@_date: 2017-05-17 19:46:28
Thank you - that's very helpful. 


Perfect and thanks again. Already compiled 148 so the above is appreciated. I understand now. Cheers.
@_date: 2017-05-27 20:31:24
SPV nodes that want to support UASF BIP 148 need to connect to a BIP 148 full node for their transaction info - contact your SPV wallet provider and to ask them to support UASF - if that is what you are after :-)
@_date: 2017-05-09 08:47:53
Agreed - it's been at 42.1% of last 144 blocks mined for the duration of the attack so far. 
Either they are very quick at patching and rebooting their nodes or they aren't using BU to mine ;-)
I'd say that the 200 or so nodes that didn't crash this time will likely stay up this time as well - because those 200 are the ones mining and they are using Core but signalling BU. The ones that are crashing are the regular users who believe the BU hype and trust them blindly.
@_date: 2017-05-17 13:57:10


Who was it that two years ago foresaw that a small group of miners would block a scaling solution that people had spent many many hours of their time working on for the betterment of the Bitcoin protocol exactly? I don't see that mentioned in the link you previously posted.
Your link goes to an article titled 'Why increasing the max block size is urgent'. Someone saying something is 'urgent' normally doesn't mean 'in over two years time' where we are today. So I don't hold their powers of prediction that highly.
@_date: 2017-05-04 19:01:43
Ah bless, she's as cute as my daughter - and I am a very biased father with a very cute daughter.
@_date: 2017-05-15 17:53:16
That's a fair point - after all in [0.14.1]( they did add the ability for non-segwit miners to continue functioning correctly even after segwit has activated ;-)
@_date: 2017-05-16 19:05:19
I think you know the point I was making - Core didn't release the BIP148 UASF code so this:


is not a valid comment.
@_date: 2017-05-24 07:57:37
It's not really an optimisation so much as it is exploiting a flaw. It's not a more efficient way of doing the same amount of work (which would be optimisation) it's publishing your block saying you did X amount of work to secure the network but you actually cheated and did less than X. Hence flaw as it compromises security by faking the work in the POW algorithm - and it's patented.
If another was found we'd just have to prevent that as well. The potential possibility of another flaw being found in the future doesn't mean you just let the existing one carry on unchecked.
@_date: 2017-05-22 17:38:12
Brilliant! You'll like the Pi 3 as well, it's a great little machine :-)
UASF yourself up!
@_date: 2017-05-19 05:55:50


Thank you for your concern. I am aware of the risks of adopting BIP148... and not adopting it. All set out [here](
@_date: 2017-05-02 12:11:13
As I understand it - the new proposal for UASF is set up to that instead of timing out as 'failed' (as a BIP 9 soft fork proposal would it if it reaches the timeout date without already being activated) under BIP 8 it would timeout and move to 'locked in', if not already locked in by the block signalling meeting the threshold.
The new proposal would wait for SEGWIT until it's timeout on 15th November 2016 and if SegWit was not already activated then UASF would then deploy under BIP 8 with a new bit for UASEGWIT from that date until April 2018 when it would either already be locked in by signalling threshold or by that end date being reached.
Link to the revised proposal submitted by Shaolinfry on the bitcoin dev mailing list:
And the new BIP (8):


The first is when the threshold of blocks signalling is reached as per BIP9. The second is if the timeout is still STARTED.
@_date: 2017-05-17 16:31:45
Yep, the majority of those nodes you mention fall into my "everyone who wants SegWit". 
@_date: 2017-05-15 14:12:40


Has it really?! I am not convinced. At the time of writing only $50,000 worth of Bitcoin has been paid. Less coins than are generated by miners in 30 minutes worth of blocks.
Any time the price goes up or down some journalist does a google search for Bitcoin, finds a prominent article for that day and points to that as the reason ;-)
@_date: 2017-05-22 05:48:57
Yes, do all those things! :-)
@_date: 2017-05-19 20:51:36
If you don't already run a node (sounds like it) and want to support a UASF then run a node that runs the UASF code for sure! 
If you already run one then just signal for UASF on that node or run the UASF BIP 148 code itself. Running two (one non-uasf and one uasf) just means the % effect of running the UASF one is lessened.
@_date: 2017-05-15 14:54:39
Nope! 
Sorry - that was a bit of a boring answer but there isn't. Just because an address has Bitcoin in it that haven't moved for years it doesn't mean such Bitcoin are 'lost' - the owner of the associated private key may just have chosen to not move them and might do in the future. I bet a fair amount have been 'lost' though... based on nothing other than my own wild speculation that is ;-)
@_date: 2017-05-24 18:22:17
You sure can! It runs really well.
Guide here 
@_date: 2017-05-20 05:44:04
You have this all wrong.
Miners spend money so they can get a reward from mining the transactions and collecting the fees the users send them.
Without users Bitcoin has no value. They are the ones who USE the Bitcoin after all and buy and sell it to each other. Miners could still all mine empty blocks if nobody sent them transactions and try selling the block rewards on exchanges but if people don't buy them they are worthless. It's the people who buy and use Bitcoin and run nodes that give it is value and decentralised properties.
Users pay miners to perform a time stamping service on their transactions. If users all decided​ to change the format of their transactions the miners better follow otherwise​ they are offering a service nobody wants.
What do you think would happen if users agreed amongst themselves to use a different POW algorithm for example? Miners would appear (possibly including the userbase if it was one that could be run on home PCs) that would be happy to take over this time stamping service and add security to Bitcoin. What would the current miners that you think are 'king' do? Put up adverts online asking if anybody needed the services of a large number of machines that could only do one very specific thing but currently wasn't needed by anyone?
@_date: 2017-07-25 15:26:19
It won't affect anything if you move from 0.14.0 to 0.14.2 in terms of what's happening. Core has been Segwit ready since 0.13.1 :-)
@_date: 2017-05-04 18:57:15
I see what you did there... Nice.
@_date: 2017-05-18 21:06:51
Maybe even more than 700%!!1!1!1!!one!!1!! - it's up to nodes 472 now ;-)
@_date: 2017-05-02 06:46:53
Where are you getting that figure from?
You've made 90 Bitcoin related posts in your 5 week Reddit account history. That's quite prolific so I assume this account replaced a previous one? Just curious because 5 weeks is a short amount of time in Bitcoin to form a full view and come to the decision on your own that the Core developers "keep repeating perfunctory excuses" and "abuse the right as a leading group" as you say.
@_date: 2017-05-30 08:44:06
There was a post yesterday with very helpful links in it that you mind find useful:
@_date: 2017-05-15 09:42:06


Just to clarify - 'Core' aren't supporting a UASF. 
You are linking to one Core contributor's opinions - Luke's. Greg Maxwell for example has a different view from Luke's over which path to take... *if* the community supports a UASF. 
@_date: 2017-05-15 06:51:13
When people post about supporting a UASF which process of activation are you referring to? BIP148 or 149/8.
I assume this post is in reference to the original (and quicker) 148 option? Just curious as the existence of two main activation proposals has caused some confusion I think.
@_date: 2017-05-22 12:29:07


You are asking why lots and lots of people and businesses having power is better than a small group having power.
EDIT: not making a comment about the OP itself just wanted to point this out ;-)
@_date: 2017-05-18 11:50:44
It's gone up from 400 to 448 nodes in the last two days as people understand it more. If that rate of increase (+12.5%) continues every two days we'll be over 50% by 23rd June. Optimistic thinking from myself? Yes :-)
@_date: 2017-05-02 12:17:56
What other site lets you see the number of active nodes by the way?
I'm not trying to start a rumour that the BU friendly coin.dance have taken themselves down because the BU node count is dropping again and they don't want people to see... or am i? ;-)
(I'm not - I just like checking at their site and would like an alternative)
EDIT: apart from the even more friendly  that is... (click 'View Important Notice')
@_date: 2017-05-18 20:18:53


Everything that ends up with significant support has to start somewhere and it's only just getting going this week. Take a look here -  - node counts for UASF have gone from 400 to 469 in the last few days. Give it a little more time is all, and once/if a tipping point is reached, well... let's see!
Don't forget that 35% of miners are currently signalling support for SegWit - so they may well support BIP148 with a bit more of the community behind a UASF. If they did they would be sharing 100% of the Bitcoin SegWit transactions between them with no chance of a re-org taking their mined coins away - unlike the miners on the other chain! (read about that [here](
@_date: 2017-07-20 17:59:10
At the start of each difficulty period (2016 blocks long) the diff re-adjusts to make the average block time 10 minutes.
As hash power is added through the 2016 block period the average time to find a block will decrease until it's again reset to ~10 minutes.
We're about 1/2 way through this period (1054 blocks left at time of writing) so naturally it would be less than 10 minutes.
~7 minutes isn't too weird. But yeah, maybe some hash power was added to help this signalling over the line ¯\ _(ツ)_ /¯
@_date: 2017-05-15 14:06:42
One thing I would add is if you are buying then I wouldn't advise trying bitcoin market trading unless you are sure you know what you are getting into. Unless you are seriously good at it you are probably better off just buying and hodling!
@_date: 2017-05-09 09:40:39
LOL. A recent classic someone just replied to me: "The real enemy sits inside of Bitcoin. It is the movement that supports censorship, slander, DDoS, vandalism, full block terror and all kind of dirty tricks" (points 2 and 4).
It's all just hand waving and trying to stop people looking at what's actually happened - yet another BU node crash due to a bug.
@_date: 2017-05-18 11:53:00
Ah, the old 'it must be Sybil nodes' routine.
Funny how people say Sybil nodes are easy to spin up yet some proposals really struggle to keep their node counts up... 
@_date: 2017-05-16 17:00:31
[Here]( is the best explanation I have read as to why SegWit makes implementing Lightning Network easier
@_date: 2017-05-15 10:49:14


Excellent point, well made. Saving for reference when friends and family ask me about 'Bitcoin malware'.
@_date: 2017-05-25 17:42:21


 
I know - that wasn't what I said! Where did you get that from (exact quote please)
Like I DID actually say - 10% of nodes currently support BIP 148.
EDIT: I have edited the OP so I don't 'mislead' anyone else and to educate those who don't know what a client that supports Segwit means.
@_date: 2017-05-16 16:38:11


No, they use thin clients/SPV wallets that connect to the nodes run by wallet providers - [a large number of which]( support SegWit.


Yep, they can if they would rather do that than just follow the economic majority. Fair enough.


I am sure that it won't be easy and that it will take time - we wouldn't be talking about a UASF if it were easy. It's also not easy for some miners to force their will on some members of the community either. [Currently]( only 9%*^1 more miners support BU than SegWit (the two most favoured proposals) so I don't think the 'Miners don't want SegWit' view is as strong as some people make out. 
*^1 42.2% BU, 32.3% SegWit over last 2016 blocks.
@_date: 2017-05-19 18:44:54
If they are currently signalling using the uacomment string they need to upgrade to running the actual BIP148 code change by August 1st if they want to run the UASF code on that day. They can do this by compiling the source from the Bitcoin UASF fork in github or by running a precompiled UASF executable/binary.
@_date: 2017-05-15 06:44:44
I think that's a good point and is very relevant to UASF adoption. 
I don't think it's too hard to imagine that a lot of users generally download the binaries when upgrading nodes. I compile mine from source now but when I was running it on Windows I had no idea how to compile from source and just used the binaries. Well, I had an idea - compiling using the Linux sub system in Windows - but many Core node users won't and it's not as easy as running a binary.
The release of signed binaries would help adoption of a UASF. There's also having two proposals to support (BIP148 or 149/8) which doesn't help general users decide to run a UASF enabled node.
@_date: 2017-05-24 17:50:09
I'm on the slack and am happy to help with the pi.
I published a guide you can follow [here]( if you want to compile from source. If not there's plenty of support and people on the  channel that can help.
@_date: 2017-05-28 19:43:49
Doesn't really matter that you are a 1 week old account who has 5 comments, 4 of which slam core and 2 of which refer to them as blockstreamcore...
On August 1st there will be a UASF. No amount of conspiracy theory spewing from you will change that. 
Enjoy the ride!
@_date: 2017-05-15 09:06:34
Makes sense. They could... but don't need to.
@_date: 2017-05-15 13:39:03
It's very unlikely as the devices are even designed to run on machines that may be compromised with key loggers etc.
You still have to observe some security processes of course - don't go writing the seed phrase down and leaving it where someone else can find it etc. but they are 'safe' in the sense you meant yes.
You have to authenticate every transaction from the device itself before the associated wallet app sends it.
Paper wallets are also secure in the sense that they are not hackable but there are risks associated with them in terms of how you manage funds held in their public address and how you store them. You will need to think about how often you are likely to need to transfer Bitcoin from an address on a paper wallet - you can't just send some of the Bitcoin held on one to another address and expect the difference to still be held against the paper wallet address. Read up about 'sweeping' a paper wallet and 'change addresses' and make sure you know what you are doing before you start using them.
@_date: 2017-05-15 08:57:35
Nice. It's also *pretty* easy (and cheap) to use a Raspberry Pi:
(For a full node - use an external USB HDD (not SSD) and download the blockchain on a different machine and then transfer to the HDD to avoid the Pi doing the initial sync.)
@_date: 2017-05-19 05:52:10
... if you are running BIP148 binaries you have downloaded yes - the above uacomment method can be used on the Core release - it's just setting a signal flag essentially.
@_date: 2017-05-22 13:45:55
Do you already run a node? If so you can signal intent now and upgrade before August 1st.
If not see here near the bottom of the page: 
@_date: 2017-05-20 16:51:20
Apologies if you already know some of this:
For a while now the official releases of the Bitcoin Core client have had code in them called SegWit. This segregates the witness data from transactions making more room for transactions in a block and but also it fixes something called transaction malleability. Fixing this makes the building of second layer solutions like Lightning Network possible and lots of other future developments easier to deploy. Lightning Network is "Capable of millions to billions of transactions per second across the network. Capacity blows away legacy payment rails by many orders of magnitude."
Unfortunately the SegWit code is not yet active within the Core client which is by far the dominant client on the network. So it's in there but there is a condition that needs to be met before it is activated...
The developers released SegWit with a built in check that needs 95% of the miners to signal in their blocks that they are ready for it and have upgraded their mining nodes to it. Unfortunately miners are now blocking the activation of SegWit (and the solutions it then enables) because they don't want it activated. This could be because of a number of reasons like fear that second layer solutions like Lightning Network will reduce the load on the main Bitcoin chain and therefore reduce the fees they collect from users or that SegWit enables solutions that they are not directly able to try and control like the main chain. Who knows!?! There are plenty of reasons and most of them are ones that are related to the miners own profits and not in line with the desires of the majority of the network's users.
Whatever their reasons the majority of users and businesses do want SegWit and are frustrated by their blocking of it.
So - enter the idea of a UASF... &lt;insert dramatic music here&gt;
What are the changes?
The UASF (called BIP 148) isn't any more than a small number of lines of code. What it does is say that from August 1st onwards any nodes running it will reject blocks that miners produce if those blocks don't signal for SegWit. By gaining enough support via users and exchanges running UASF BIP 148 this will hopefully force miners to start signalling for SegWit and push the percentage above the 95% activation threshold and... activate SegWit on Bitcoin!
To understand the risks [this is a great post]( by Luke-jr that covers that better than I could.
If you already run a node you can upgrade it to run the UASF code or add a flag (called a uacomment) to your node to say you support it. If you do the latter is it important that you upgrade to run the actual code by August 1st. 
If you don't run a node maybe it's time to give it a try and support the activation of SegWit through user action! :-)
EDIT: changed "and not in line with the desires of the network's users." to "and not in line with the desires of the *majority of the* network's users." after someone PM'd me saying the entire intention of my comment was to singularly promote that one line. [Ref 1]( [Ref 2]( ¯\ _(ツ)_ /¯
@_date: 2017-05-25 10:43:56
Just to be clear - not everyone who supports a user activated soft fork that activates the current Segwit deployment is in line with the feelings of the OP in terms of how to gain support.
If everybody who wanted Segwit on Bitcoin signalled for BIP 148 we would get Segwit on Bitcoin.
There are different people who like this idea and they have different ways of trying to get those undecided to join in and have a say.
I am running BIP 148 on my node and would like others to also do the same and will take the time to explain why I think it is a good idea. 
I would come up with a better analogy but I can't...


OK - that's not great a great analogy but I tried. The best thing isn't an analogy it's just to re-state: 


@_date: 2017-05-26 08:58:49
You could try this - 
Open terminal and enter:
sudo nano /boot/config.txt
Scroll to find a setting called gpu_mem and change to:
@_date: 2017-05-22 14:44:05


Another way of looking at it - you don't let a steel manufacturer design a skyscraper - you get architects to do it who specify the steel orders. This is a reference to developers and miners, albeit not a great one! ;-)
Anyway - let's see what the proposal is when it is published today (hopefully) and go from there. Hopefully we will all look back in a year and laugh about the scaling debate as Bitcoin goes from strength to strength! :-)
@_date: 2017-05-17 15:40:54


I don't and neither do a lot of other Bitcoin users. Why are you so in fear of what miners want? They have been threatening to hard fork for a lot longer than we have been taking about a UASF. Did you make your 'let's all get along and compromise' comments to miners when they did that? Did you ask them to compromise and activate SegWit?
@_date: 2017-05-24 19:24:59
Brilliant - before I changed the config and gpu memory settings I had crashes as well. Also - you have a swap file yes? type: 
free -m 
into terminal to see memory usage
@_date: 2017-05-19 20:02:33
No, it's not technical - it's more about who runs that node and what it gives you access to.... 
By way of example and using a colour to keep it politically neutral re: block size and BIP 148 etc... ;-)
Imagine the whole network only accepted 'Red' coloured Bitcoin. All is well. Every node accepts Red coin transactions - home users, wallet nodes, exchange nodes and miners mine blocks containing Red transactions.
Then imagine if some group forked Bitcoin and said "We have changed our protocol rules and we will now be mining Blue blocks while the rest of you carry on mining on your Red block chain".
Unless there was an exchange that ran a 'Blue Node' the Blue node miners and users would not be able to send their coins to an exchange to sell for $ because the Exchange's Red nodes would say "hang on, that is Blue and we validate to check that coins are Red - we reject your transaction".
So people could decided to run these new Blue nodes and would accept the coins from the Blue miners but the exchange nodes have more 'economic weight' as they let you change BTC for $/£ etc. So you want some on your 'side'.
That make sense?
Basically - as UASF BIP 148 gets support from nodes it would be all the better to see many exchanges that also run BIP 148 for reasons explained above.
@_date: 2017-05-15 07:12:07
Huh? Are you suggesting he's spreading FUD for pointing out that the release of signed binaries would improve UASF adoption? It would. 
@_date: 2017-07-01 10:19:59
Says the kid who thinks trying to remove trust is futile if you haven't manufactured the CPU your pc runs on yourself.
To avoid confusion and end this, do you see a problem with only $20k machines being able to run a node? Yes/No?
@_date: 2017-05-17 17:28:10
LOL - it was nice to have a civil discussion actually :-)
@_date: 2017-05-17 15:55:56
They are different solutions! You can't group the testing of different solutions up and say you have tested "big blocks" for 4 years!
Can I ask why you think they have moved from one 'solution' to the next so many times? It's almost as if they don't actually want any of them to go live and like the massive transaction fees they get isn't it?!
@_date: 2017-05-23 20:04:49


This. We need to carry on with UASF - it's the massive safety net in case we get duped and needs to carry on.
@_date: 2017-05-02 18:31:00
I am not disagreeing with the idea that some of the node counts on either side are spoofed but if you assume 'bad will' on both sides and assign the same percentage of 'fakers' to each side then the charts would be at least proportionally be about right - even if the actual numbers on them are wrong.
Depends who has the greater resources and motivation to fake them I guess.
That's an interesting point though and thanks for the civil discussion!
@_date: 2017-05-19 20:22:36
Yes they pay attention to exchanges but must also pay attention to users as they are the ones who want to buy Bitcoin from the exchanges and also the ones who send the transactions they need to be able to mine and collect transaction fees etc! There's no point in running a postal service if nobody is sending letters! ;-)
The nodes of exchanges just have more 'economic weight'.
@_date: 2017-05-14 05:55:24
You only have to wait for the on chain confirmation when you open or close a channel with LN. So you fund a channel with one on chain transaction, can then perform multiple instant transactions on LN and then only need to commit the final channel balance back to the main chain when you close the channel. So no, you haven't really added more wait time:
* Confirmation on chain to open channel.
* Multiple transactions with very very fast confirmation times.
* Confirmation on chain to close channel.
Averaged out you are massively reducing transaction confirmation times if you use more than a couple of LN transactions.
@_date: 2017-05-08 12:46:21
If you can't find bitcoin.conf follow this guide as it isn't created by default: 
You can also just add this to a shortcut - create a shortcut (or edit the existing one you use) and add this to the end:
e.g. (just add the property to the end like this): 
"C:\Program Files\Bitcoin\bitcoin-qt.exe" -uacomment=UASF-SegWit-BIP149 
...if you are using Windows.
Then you can check here to see how your node is signalling:
Will show something like: xxx.xxx.xxx.xxx:8333 /Satoshi:0.14.1(UASF-SegWit-BIP149)/
If your node has synced and doesn't show using the link above make sure to enable forwarding of port 8333 so you accept incoming connections (if you want to that is) - in your client: go into settings / network and tick enable incoming connections and use upnp. You might have to add it to your firewall if this doesn't work.
@_date: 2017-05-22 13:54:56
The nodes on Luke's list are gathered from nodes that do not accept incoming connections as well as those accepting incoming (which you see on  - perhaps by connecting to peers as a seed, noting the details and moving on.
I think that the pie chart just lists the version type. Below the chart you can see the version/subversion listed.
e.g. 
/Satoshi:0.14.1/UASF-Segwit:0.3/ 
...would come under Bitcoin Core and shows as this under the pie chart:
/Satoshi:0.14.1/UASF-Segwit:0.3/ Bitcoin Core
For ref: 
"version": xxxxx, (numeric) the server version
"subversion": "/Satoshi:x.x.x/", (string) the server subversion string
@_date: 2017-05-11 08:41:26
I think it's a fair thing to do at this point as it shows support of a proposal. In the same way miners currently signal for bigger blocks  with BU/8MB etc.
I agree that things wouldn't go well if the people signalling don't then shift to running the actual code though - but until official binaries are available I think signalling support and intention to run is fine for now.
Also - there was BIP 148 and now there is also BIP 149 (with BIP 8) that support a UASF, so until support has stabilised around a commonly accepted way to implement a UASF I think signalling is fine... for now!
@_date: 2017-05-20 16:43:46


The thing that's most different is that the transactions are instant and can number in the millions to billions per second.
Some ways in which it's not that different: Lightning Network uses the underlying technology of the blockchain and real Bitcoin/blockchain transactions secured by on-chain smart-contracts and it's just the method of transaction sending that differs the most
For anyone interested: 
@_date: 2017-05-19 10:59:47


Yes - sorry, I had said 'SegWit active' where I should have worded it 'The BIP will be active' - and refuse blocks that don't signal for SegWit. I understand the confusion now - which was caused be me now I re-read!
EDIT: I can't change the title of the post so have edited post content to avoid confusion.
@_date: 2016-10-12 05:49:24
@_date: 2017-05-02 15:25:40


As is the above, and all that yellow is just Core nodes ;-)
To be honest it's a matter of viewpoint isn't it - personally I'm more concerned with nodes as they put the 'peer' in to peer to peer network.
@_date: 2017-05-15 13:52:54
Pleasure! You could maybe try using a mnemonic or short story with the seed words in it to remember the seed phrase as well in case you need rapid access to it for whatever reason!
If you are paranoid get a second device and store some Bitcoin on there with a different seed phrase. Then you could hand that over if you were the victim of the classic [$5 Wrench Attack]( ;-)
I *think* Trezor has a 'plausible deniability' second passphrase you can use for the above (unlocks a lesser value wallet) but you could use a second device as well.
@_date: 2017-05-24 11:21:22


Yes that's right. For your node to have full effect towards the UASF come August 1st you would need to make transactions on the BIP 148 chain. You could for example move the contents of a paper wallet (see warnings [here]( to your BIP 148 node for transacting and keep the rest on paper - which will exist on both chains.
A bit more info about the split [here](
@_date: 2017-05-24 17:20:02
I've pinged  (UK Exchange) to see if they are going to make a statement about UASF support following this as they also offer broker services.
@_date: 2017-05-30 08:16:44


But as I didn't say they were. I'll edit the comment though to avoid anyone saying I am suggesting that.
EDIT: In order to be clear you also need to add an amendment to your comment:


You need to amend it to clarify when and if their blocks will be rejected by UASF nodes:
That means that August 1 they will still mine upon non-segwit blocks and their blocks will be rejected by UASF nodes as well unless they update to and mine on the BIP 148 chain or they continue to mine on the non-148 chain and the preceding blocks signal SegWit.
@_date: 2017-05-26 19:24:50
Hey thanks a lot! Really appreciate you taking time to say that :-)
@_date: 2017-05-22 05:44:42
I would word it differently and say it's an attempt by users of Bitcoin's peer-to-peer decentralised network to make sure that the changes made to the network are made by them and not handed down to them by people who think they have authority over the rest of us.
Good luck setting up your nodes and remember to visit the slack channel I linked to if you need help! :-)
@_date: 2017-05-23 18:40:59


How did you read that into it exactly???
@_date: 2017-05-18 17:42:36
Ha, good one! ;-)
As I said - optimistic. Better than just doing nothing and complaining though is running a UASF node...One thing I am sure of with no need for optimistic thinking is that on August 1st my node will be accepting SegWit.
@_date: 2017-05-22 11:05:45
Hi - I replied [above]( and thanks for the reminder as I forgot to reply! ;-)
@_date: 2017-05-22 13:19:03
You will need more that 114 I'm afraid - about 124GB all in at the minute on my machine.
Plus see: 
@_date: 2017-05-02 06:03:44
The guy was talking about BU support waning and you used all big block stats combined to say it isn't.
BU != 8MB Blocks != BIP 100
BU itself is at 39.5% at time of writing and has been stronger.
 - has also been stronger.
@_date: 2017-07-27 18:28:19
Oh, and the devs who worked on Segwit of course! ;-)
@_date: 2017-05-19 06:17:20


Yes - and when the white paper was published that was the case - nodes that validated the consensus rules were also mining nodes because it was possible then on a PC using just the CPU. But now most nodes store and validate the chain without mining. They still perform the consensus part of their role. If they didn't their users would have to trust a 3rd party. Again - not the intention of Bitcoin when it was proposed.


There is no 'new version' of the protocol rules that govern consensus, they haven't changed - unless you know something the rest of us don't? All that has changed is that mining itself has become more centralised than it originally was. I don't think words like 'centralised' and 'authority' fit with the original idea behind Bitcoin do you? I would prefer the Peers in our Peer-to-Peer decentralised electronic cash system to have a say and not have to conform to a central authority - that is the same set up as a bank. Hence I support a User Accepted Soft Fork.


You have that whole section wrong.


So in your eyes everyone supports everything equally? If no then there must be one proposal that has more user support than the others by definition. There are certainly strong indicators (as I listed originally) that SegWit is favoured by the majority of users but because it doesn't fit your supported proposal you dismiss those perhaps?


That's what I like about the UASF - users of Bitcoin can decide and not have to seek central authority, you prefer the latter? Use PayPal.
I am well aware of the white paper. I am also aware that all good technologies improve by evolving to overcome any problems that become apparent when adoption increases. 
**If you reply to nothing else can you reply to this** - The white paper was all about finding a way to not have to trust a central authority wouldn't you agree? And yet you say "bitcoins consensus mechanism requires a **centralised authority dictating**". Can't you see that you might be mis-reading it if that's what you think the Bitcoin white paper was all about? There's little point in discussing this with you if you believe what you have said.
@_date: 2017-05-15 17:18:09
Wow - you have quite an aggressive way of getting your point across I've noticed. 
I don't think it helps people take your opinions seriously. Have you considered trying to use a more constructive style of writing instead of just hurling childish abuse? It's quite pathetic and you aren't contributing anything you know.
@_date: 2017-05-23 17:59:42
It's a clear distraction to try and knock the UASF train off it's track.
Choo Choo - it moves on though!
[Their distraction](
How do you stop this stuff below????? (tweet bot)
@_date: 2017-05-15 13:55:36
This is the device I have. It's a hardware wallet. Cold storage just means stored in an off-line secure environment.
@_date: 2017-05-17 18:29:02
Hang on - so your first comment I quoted was about the miners? 
Then my response to that still stands.
If your second comment I quoted was about Core...


Yeah - I thought you were talking about Miners.


Well - I and many others (the majority) are trying to run their SegWit code because it's a brilliant enabler of actual real scaling. But I can't because of miners!!!
Do you really think Core are "in power"!!!! 
If they were we would already have SegWit! They put a 95% consensus on it. Is that the action of a bunch of power mad dictators!!! 


I can assure you I am not, in that I would be happy with SegWit (increase enough in itself) and then scaling in a non-linear manner (i.e. true scaling) on layer 2 solutions. How 'very dare you' suggest I am a big blocker! ;-)
Look - as I said before (but then couldn't stop myself responding!) - I think we should leave it now. I respect you having a different opinion to me and you seem to want a consensus for reasons you think are fair for all. Fair enough. I disagree with a few fundamental things that you believe in though so we are just bashing heads/keyboards ;-)  for no reason.
@_date: 2017-05-18 19:12:37


Oh right we'll ignore the details and number of Core nodes and businesses who have said they support it and the last two years then shall we and instead believe what? Your opinion based on a hunch??? What proof do you have that the majority of Bitcoin users and businesses *don't* want SegWit? "Majority of people" who use Bitcoin I originally said and you refuted remember - not just hash-power voting (35% of which do support SegWit by the way!).
When you mention Nakamoto Consensus I assume you are referring to it in order to proclaim support of the 'hash-power is king' belief? If not then please ignore the following...!
If so I don't subscribe to the 'hash-rate is king' belief. Their isn't a 'king' component in a decentralised system. If there is then there is an issue.
Hash rate is used to time-stamp transactions. Nodes validate transactions and the blocks that the time-stamping miners produce according to the consensus rules that they (the nodes) enforce. Users provide transactions via propagation thorough nodes to miners and the miners provide a service of time-stamping them. The nodes then check that the miners have done this in accordance with consensus rules and if so propagate the blocks the miners created if they do - if they don't they are rejected as invalid.
The nodes are the things that put the 'peer' and 'decentralised' into Bitcoin's 'peer to peer decentralised network'. 
Miners and their hash-power protect us from malicious attempts to subvert the blockchain's history by actors trying to change the time-stamping records through hash-power based attacks (malicious mining). That's all. Don't get me wrong - it's a valuable service they provide and are rewarded for their work. It does not mean they are in charge of the network. That is a misconception propagated by miners and people who misunderstand consensus. The consensus protocol says that the first announced block containing a solution to a computational puzzle and conforming to consensus is considered correct; and all other miners are to start searching for a followup block after that moment. Key to this is that 'and conforming to consensus' means when the block is propagated to nodes the blocks must be checked and propagated by nodes who enforce consensus rules. The nodes enforce consensus. The miners propose blocks to be considered and checked for consensus by the nodes before they are further built on.
Nodes protect us from other malicious actors by spreading the risk around and decentralising the system. They also protect us from malicious miners who break consensus because nodes are the ones who enforce the consensus rules. There is no king in Bitcoin, certainly not hash power. Centralised mining is a threat - not a nomination of king by anything in the protocol.
I have spent way to long on this for what may have been a misunderstanding of your comment but 'hash power is king' is often said and it's incorrect - and yes, I know you didn't ay that but your comment implied that's your belief. 
By way of example - If a majority of nodes activate SegWit via UASF and some miners held out on the other chain the UASF nodes would experience slow block times until a difficulty retarget but those 'hold out' miners would be mining on a chain with fewer transactions to collect into blocks and would be creating blocks that would not be propagated to nodes of economic weight so I can't imagine them staying on a financially crippled chain for long - in that example - which yes, is hypothetical and by way of example as to how miners to not control the network as is sometimes incorrectly thought.
@_date: 2017-05-15 11:13:36
I really don't think the price at the minute has anything to do with the SEC/ETF's upcoming appeal decision. It was recently rejected and none of the fundamental reasons that the SEC originally opposed the ETF for have changed.
Basically - nobody can answer this for you sorry. You can look back at the price over the last few years and see how that makes you feel and remember that it's upward rise isn't guaranteed to continue... but also that it could well keep rising. 
If you do buy be aware that the price could then drop a fair bit - as it has a tenancy to do after a steep rise - but that based on the last few years it has always then risen back to new highs. It could also drop and never return to it's current price. It could also just keep rising and you might then end up buying at a later date for a higher price. You have to ask how much you are willing to risk and why you are buying Bitcoin and what time frame you are looking at into the future and what you are buying it for - quick returns, long scale investment or a share in the future of money if that's what you think it is... that kind of thing.
The best thing to do (in my opinion) is to look at how much you have to invest and decide how much you could bear to lose if things went totally wrong and also to read up about Bitcoin and think about why you want to own some - I found the early talks by Andreas Antonopoulos helpful when starting out and trying to get an idea on what role Bitcoin had in the future of money: 
tl;dr - nobody knows sorry.
@_date: 2017-05-21 13:03:44
I like the analogy. Will save it for responding to "ELI5 UASF" questions ;-)
@_date: 2017-05-23 18:48:50
You are saying then 'which part is the most disgusting - that core devs will sell out' but based on you guessing one might?! Jeez. 
I'd bet they all oppose it if it's not a straight up BIP 141 Segwit activation.
@_date: 2017-05-28 05:21:11
They are hosted on AWS (Amazon Web Services) - where it is unlikely that someone is going to host a node that has Bitcoin held in it's wallet. By 'transacting' I meant sending and receiving Bitcoin from the wallet - not just relaying the transactions of other people being broadcast on the network.
@_date: 2017-05-22 13:47:30


That's often said but if it was that easy I think the node counts here would be a lot different than they were for some proposals... 
@_date: 2017-05-18 11:32:29
It is the opposite - it has a set deadline that isn't that far away. Support is up from 5.8% to 6.5% nodes signalling for it in the last two days.
Do you think the SW+2MB option will be ready to 'go live' before August 1st?
UASF isn't stalling anything - indeed, the whole SW+2MB proposal might well have come to the forefront as UASF support increases. 
@_date: 2017-05-24 18:23:18
 is a good place to start
@_date: 2017-05-18 18:17:58
How are the efforts of users to accept a change that they want to a Peer-to-Peer distributed consensus seeking network which they use 'divide and conquer' exactly then?
What scaling solution do you prefer? What do you stand for and why do you own Bitcoin (if you do)?
@_date: 2017-05-16 12:05:56
?! They have completely different outcomes. One is trying to activate SegWit via a soft fork and the other is trying to hardfork for bigger blocks.
The last one's three links aren't pro EC but it does explain how it is intended to work.
@_date: 2017-05-16 14:44:30
When Greg initially spoke about the change needed to impair the use of Covert ASICBoost I got the impression from the discussions in the days after that a BIP would be prepared for review and testing shortly after 0.14.1 was released. I understand the need to not rush such a change but it would be nice to know if [this proposal]( is still being considered u/nullc? Thanks. 
@_date: 2017-05-17 15:45:44
Of SegWit + 2mb?! Or what other compromise are you taking about thats had that much testing.
SegWit has had plenty but you don't want that.
@_date: 2017-05-24 10:52:56
Oh, is that on a PC or Pi by the way?
A Pi will struggle more than PC with this.
If nothing else you are proving a good example that bigger blocks will mean less people can run nodes!!! (silver lining and all!)
You could always contact your wallet provider and ask them if they will be supporting UASF BIP 148 - that will also help - you don't just need to run a node, you need to transact through BIP 148 on August 1st etc.
Hang on - 9 days to go (if my French is right) - you won't miss the train! We'll save you a nice seat by the window for perseverance! ;-)
@_date: 2017-05-17 09:31:50
Only one way to find out...
@_date: 2017-05-18 13:59:28
The dealine is set and can't be moved - so if enough users simply support it (enough already accept it in terms of accepting SegWit) we will get it. If there are still not a huge majority on the 1st it doesn't matter so much - those who are running BIP148 will have SegWit and Lightning so the rest left without those scaling solutions may then swiftly follow.
@_date: 2017-05-17 19:20:42


EXACTLY my point what seems like 3 days ago when I said something about UASF and you got upset. I am free to run it if I like - well, we've just wasted a lot of time then. I wish you had that realisation earlier!!!
Right - that's me done. This thread is like a brain numbing habit I can't kick! ;-) Cheers and good luck whatever happens. See you on the other side of whatever we get, however we get it.
@_date: 2017-05-17 11:06:15
Ah - that's the same thing I did - mentioned it [here]( Oh well, I'm sure you'll find a buy in price that feels ok to you at some point :-)
@_date: 2017-05-17 19:41:02


I am saying that the guy who linked to Gavin's post held him up as some kind of oracle. I was saying that to say something is urgent (implying grave consequences unless something was done immediately) and then over 2 years later Bitcoin is hitting all time highs - doesn't seem like his definition of 'urgent' was very accurate.


Sorry - what is? Getting consensus between miners and developers and the community do you mean?


What? look at my other posts in this thread and the UASF ones. I think ANOTHER scaling solution is just a delay to a situation that is frustrating. I would like to see a UASF to hurry things along and get the scaling solution I personally prefer without delaying for yet another proposal from one side or the other. But I'm not as panicky about tx fees as some people.
When you say urgent what is your own definition of it? i.e. If *what* doesn't happen by *when* what do you see the *consequence* being? Remembering that although tx fees are at an all time high so is the price of BTC.
@_date: 2017-05-16 16:49:20
I believe that the general consensus is that if they saw the community support it in large enough numbers (node signalling, polls of Bitcoin businesses like [this one]( they would consider adding formal support for it. How this would be done is not clear - perhaps just as simple as adding an option in the gui/config file.
@_date: 2017-05-17 16:35:24
What solution do you support again? Giving a hard fork block size increase to get SegWit?
Yet you complain about 'reckless HF people'. Your involves a SF and a HF no?
Look - I don't think either of us are going to change our minds on this. Maybe we sold just leave it at it's not very productive :-)
@_date: 2017-05-15 14:37:01
Assume this is yours:




So by hostile I assume some people have taken issue with the above?
Maybe you could elaborate on what the 'security problems of Segwit' are... ;-)
EDIT: I'm not having a go at you - I think an answer to your question posed above is 'people often post unsubstantiated claims about flaws in SegWit'. You've also posted that:


Did you check any of that before you posted it? Did you look at the claims behind it or take a view on the 4 recent BU network wide node crashes? 
**I think I have found the answer you are looking for...** people post things without fact checking them and it annoys people in this forum because based purely on facts alone it's hard to criticise Core and the work they have done in making Bitcoin what it is today - a stable solution that relies on consensus and has a proven track record in releasing well tested and thought out software changes to drive progress in the Bitcoin protocol forward. 'This forum' tends to get annoyed when people block this progress from seeing the light of day and promote wild conspiracy theories about the development team being part of a secret bank funded plan to block Bitcoin progress!!! ;-)
@_date: 2017-05-24 17:43:08
Coinfloor is another UK Exchange. They publish a proof of solvency report every month and have very helpful customer service. They also do broker services.
@_date: 2017-05-02 18:20:54
The worst thing is that you can see some of the more rational people there trying to call for a bit of discussion and to at least acknowledge some of the recent issues they have had with bugs crashing nodes and ASICBoost being exposed etc. but they are drown out. 
I used to visit r/btc a while back to hear what the opposing viewpoint was and it actually used to have some technical discussion going on and a more positive feel about it. It has recently been overrun with a mass of accounts that do nothing other that post 'blockstream core shill AXA patent dragon's den' in response to anything that might oppose the 'core = evil, BU + Bitmain = good' mantra. 
The majority of posts are just anti-core click-bait and there is little positive discussion about what they actually are supposed to stand for. Both 'sides' are guilty of that from time to time of course, but that's pretty much all there is there.
Bearing in mind that people are directed there from bitcoin.com it's a shameful way to introduce new people to Bitcoin. I know bitcoin.com isn't the official bitcoin website but if a potential new adopter searches for 'bitcoin' it does come second on the google ranking. It's a sad state of affairs.
@_date: 2017-05-02 18:51:11
That's only one way 'compatibility' though so it's questionable if it's compatibility at all.
They are only compatible if all Emergent Consensus miners stay within the bounds of BIP 100 but they are not compatible if an EC following miner makes a block bigger than BIP 100's 75% super-majority rule and outside the 5% change limit rule. 
So if they are only compatible if EC miners stay within the boundaries of the rules governing BIP 100's block size increases, why don't those EC signalling miners just signal for BIP 100 instead if they intend to adhere to it's rules? You'd have to assume that they won't otherwise they would signal for BIP 100 instead.
EDIT: It even says as much in the BIP 100 proposal you linked to:


So "it's compatible... until it's not"
@_date: 2017-05-18 17:45:33
Oh ok then, let's all give in and sit around waiting for solutions that never appear instead of actually trying to activate something the majority of people want (SegWit). 
@_date: 2017-07-17 08:13:53
This is correct - as are the other comments makes below so thumbs up for clearing up what is a confusing mis-mash of signalling and orphaning and acronyms! ;-)
There's a chart [here]( explaining how Segwit2x and UASF essentially use the same method to achieve 95% blocks signalling for Segwit under BIP9.
@_date: 2017-05-17 17:15:17


Yep - of course I can see that. That's why I said (again) if "everyone who wants SegWit" runs BIP148. I can see why some wouldn't but if the majority of people who feel that they are never going to see SegWit because of miners blocking it ran it then there would be very little reason to not be confident it would be a success. People can judge support closer the day and shouldn't be afraid to show support - that's all. Support is a bit 'chicken and egg' in that sense - users and exchanges/businesses being the chickens and eggs - who will show support first etc.
Do I think "everyone who wants SegWit" will run it - no I don't, but if people at least started to show some more support for it we could all see that closer to August 1st and decide then - it's not like once you signal for it you can never remove the uacomment from your config file or go back to running something like Core 0.14.1 ;-)
I'm sure the number of comments I see here every day saying 'uasf now!" etc outnumber the number of people signalling support through their nodes. So what I am saying is - if you support it then do something that can be measured to show it and it may well happen!
If there is a chain split then people can decide how they feel if they are on a small split chain and it's not like they are on that chain forever is it. If they don't transfer any coins they can rejoin the longer chain should they want to.
Why should miners be the only ones who get to signal for activation of something on Bitcoin now?
@_date: 2017-07-01 09:05:41
It sounds like your approach is that you trust other 3rd parties in your life so why care about it in Bitcoin.
Can I ask, If you add the need to trust a 3rd party what functional value do you see bitcoin having?
Add the need to trust a 3rd party for everything and you might as well just use a bank.
Also, I did say:


@_date: 2017-07-18 08:18:59
Short answer: yes.
Each split will share the same blockchain history and only start to differ after the split.
Google 'bitcoin replay attack' though for more info on the risk after the split.
@_date: 2017-07-24 21:09:45
I'm not convinced... there was around 35% of miners signalling for Segwit and not for a hard fork solution like BU before Segwit2x and the 'NYA' text appeared.
I am not convinced that those miners have completely changed their minds and now support both a hard fork 90 days after Segwit activates.
We'll see more honest intent after Segwit locks in I believe.
Just my thoughts on it anyway and only time will tell I guess.
@_date: 2017-07-09 19:46:50
You have BTC on both chains because they will both have the exact same blockchain right up until the split. So if you have 1 BTC and then there's a split that 1 BTC still exists where you left it - and any wallet software you run on either chain can look back and see you have that BTC.
If you send on one chain it is possible that the transaction that moves the BTC can be broadcast on the other chain. There are ways to prevent this though... look at the 'Spending Bitcoins' and 'Receiving Bitcoins' sections of this:  and note the references to 'coin splitting services'. It's not a complete guide but you can google to find out more from the terms you find there.
@_date: 2017-05-18 19:41:43
Thanks for this explanation Luke. 
My preferred outcome is that a chain split is avoided entirely by a sufficient amount of the economy adopting BIP148 of course but this is why my node is currently running BIP148:


That is what sells it for me :-)
@_date: 2017-05-21 12:44:39
Thanks for answering the question.
Last I saw there were 8 different implementations in the works and they have an initiative to make them all compatible on a protocol level. The progress made on Litecoin LN is looking good as well so I don't think it's as far off as you do.
I'm sure the hurdles are great but it's an exciting space to work in I'm sure with that many teams contributing so I still think it will be much sooner than 'several' years away - but thanks for clarifying your position in your response :-)
@_date: 2017-05-23 14:45:04
Yep - rightly so. Quickest solution = activate existing Segwit deployment via UASF! Get Segwit and kill ASICBoost in one go :-)
@_date: 2017-05-24 19:44:37
No - that's a Pi thing and nothing to do with a Bitcoin node. Access it vie Raspberry Pi settings on raspbian - not sure where for other operating system versions. It's at the end of my guide. You just change the memory allocated to the gpu from 64MB to 16MB - this frees up 48MB for general application use and speeds up your node. You won't be able to play 3D games with that set but desktop apps remain fine and services like a headless node benefit from the extra RAM.
@_date: 2017-05-28 06:00:12
As I've said above - we wait until we can observe the effects of the last block size increase and make a judgement then. We don't just arbitrarily agree to raise the block size at some fixed point in time just because it was written down in an 'agreement'. That would put the decentralised 'verify, don't trust' nature of Bitcoin at risk within a short time period for potentially no added immediate benefit.
I am not saying that we *don't* need to look at block size increases in the future or have them on a roadmap - I am saying that we shouldn't just agree to one at a fixed point in the future before allowing the existing proposal to increase block size (Segwit) to activate and the secondary fee markets of Lightning Network to have effect before we review when a further increase is needed.
@_date: 2017-05-17 19:33:20


And that would get all miners signalling for SegWit you think? (not sarcasm - genuinely asking your opinion).
@_date: 2017-05-22 13:58:57


That's a bit of a stretch from 3 that you mention ;-)
If it was that easy why didn't BU do it when they were trying to push up node counts earlier in the year? I don't think it's as easy as made out - anyway - for UASF to succeed it's the amount of active (Bitcoin transaction sending) nodes that will count come August 1st so we will see.
@_date: 2017-07-13 11:58:12
That's a good point. The actual addition of bit 4 is done by their mining software and Segwit2x itself is there to identify when the 80%+ threshold has been met and reject blocks that don't signal for the activation of Segwit. They could always just run Segwit2x on their border nodes to do the filtering and leave their mining nodes alone.
I'm sure they have a firm backup plan in mind of something does go wrong when Segwit2x code is live ;-)
@_date: 2017-07-29 15:45:36
UK Exchange Coinfloor announced today that they will support crediting and trading as well.
@_date: 2017-05-02 17:41:04
If that's what makes you feel safe... but there must be at *least* two Core nodes running because I run one as well as this mythical Sybil attack overlord guy I keep hearing about.  ;-)
I've always wondered why it is that when the BU node count drops some BU supporters just point at the Core node count and say "it's easy to run faked nodes"... and yet nobody on the BU side bothers to do it to prop up their falling node count... maybe it's *not* as cheap and easy to spin up nodes as those people would like us to believe and maybe those Core node counts are actually real. Imagine that - the vast majority of people who run Bitcoin nodes are actual Bitcoin Core users. I think that's more likely than the old 'Sybil overlord' conspiracy theory don't you?
@_date: 2017-05-15 12:16:22
Well that's me convinced - I'm all in! ;-)
I don't necessarily disagree by the way - just wondered what you were basing your one line of financial advice on? Might help the OP if you said what gave you this opinion to buy at $1770.
@_date: 2017-05-17 18:03:02


Your words in **bold** below, not mine...
Listen to yourself! You are OK with this? Miners **"forced core devs"** (the devs of an open source project that's supposed to be decentralised) to fly over to listen to their **"demands"** and tell them what **"must be done"**! WTF man...


Are you serious with these two comments or am I missing something here?! You are totally ok with this yeah?: **"They are in power"**, **"There is nothing we can do"**
... either I am tired and have misread this or you are pretty much arguing my point for me.
I don't want this situation - a handful of miners in **"power"**, **"demanding"** things and there being **"nothing we can do"**. 
A risk of a minor chain split if UASF doesn't get enough support (assuming if there isn't some 148 nodes revert to non-148 before August 1st) is fine by me if the above is the other option!!!!
@_date: 2017-05-17 17:25:16
Right - so your idea is to make a system whereby users can signal support for something? That's what I want as well.
How come miners are the only ones who get to 'vote in' a proposal at the minute? The vast majority of nodes and users (including SPV light client wallet users) are on SegWit enabled nodes. Those votes don't count though and the miners can just say 'no, don't want to...' and the users are stuffed.
All I am after is a way for Users to vote in changes to the system that is supposed to be about decentralised Peer to Peer transactions. I want the peer votes to count that's all.
If you took your idea and users could signal for SegWit or 'SegWit plus 2MB' or 'No SegWit just 2MB' etc etc what do you think the majority vote would be for??? I think it would be 'Just SegWit thanks'. So sure - I am willing to give your idea (if I understood it correctly - a vote by users) a go for sure :-)
@_date: 2017-07-27 13:29:03
There is an image [here]( that sets out the periods - and a chart explaining the differences and similarities between Segwit2x, BIP 91 and UASF and how they all try and do the same thing - activate Segwit. Although Segwit2x also then tries to enact a hard fork in November of course...
From that:


Segwit’s BIP 9 deployment consists of 26 periods of 2016 blocks. These periods are aligned with Bitcoin’s difficulty re-targeting periods. As blocks are produced on average at the rate of 1 every 10 minutes the periods should each be around 2 weeks long. 


Also see the image [here]( for a visual guide to the period where Segwit can activate.
@_date: 2017-05-19 18:41:23
Never a stupid question - so a brief note*^1 on the difference between non-mining nodes (like the one you might run at home or those run by an exchange) and mining nodes (the ones who use the electricity you mentioned):
Users create transactions that get validated against Bitcoin protocol consensus rules by a node and are propagated to other nodes that form the Bitcoin network. Each node that receives the transactions validate and propagate them if they also deem them to be valid.
Miners (those who run mining nodes) take these transactions from the pool of transactions waiting to be confirmed and provide a service to users by collecting them into blocks that are then effectively time-stamped. Time stamping lets us know which transactions occurred when and means we don't need to have a central authority that keeps a record of transaction sequence - like a bank would. This is what gives Bitcoin it's 'no trusted 3rd party' element. Electricity is used by miners to produce hash rate that is used to solve a computational 'puzzle' and the output fro solving the puzzle is a time-stamped block of transactions. 
This 'time stamping' forms part of the consensus protocol which says that the first announced block containing a solution to a computational puzzle and conforming to consensus is considered correct and all other miners are to start searching for the next block of the remaining unconfirmed transactions after that moment. The miner that solved the puzzle first gets a block reward (12.5 BTC at the moment) and also gets to collect the fees that the transactions included in order to pay the miners for their service. They may also add a flag to the block to indicate that they are ready to support a proposed network change - such as SegWit. They broadcast the block and nodes pass it on after checking that it conforms to consensus rules and that the puzzle was completed correctly. Other miners see the block, check that the puzzle has indeed been solved and stop working on their puzzle and move on to another one - after excluding the transactions that were just added to the most recently discovered and broadcast block and adding new ones to their next puzzle.
So nodes enforce consensus and the miners propose blocks to be considered and checked for consensus by the nodes before they are further built on. If they don't conform they are rejected as invalid by the nodes and the other miners may continue to work on their existing puzzle.
The nodes are the things that put the 'peer' and 'decentralised' into Bitcoin's 'peer to peer decentralised network'.
Mining hash-power protects us from malicious attempts to subvert the blockchain's history by actors trying to change the time-stamping records through hash-power based attacks (malicious mining). It would take an attacker an immense amount of energy and hash power to go back to a block that has already been added to, change it in some malicious way, solve the puzzle and subsequently every following puzzle at a rate that can produce a longer chain of blocks than the existing chain of blocks being added to by non-malicious miners.
It's a valuable service that they provide to the users of the network and they are rewarded for their work. It does not mean they are 'in charge' of the network however as some wrongly believe.
As well as protecting us from malicious miners who break consensus rules (hard forking); nodes protect us from other malicious actors by increasing the attack area of the network by decentralising the system. They also enable a single user to check the entire blockchain themselves and this means that nobody has to trust any other person or any other person's node when they are checking if a transaction that affects them is valid or not.
Economically important nodes mean the nodes run by an exchange and the like. They carry more economic weight than a home user's node because they act as a gateway to an exchange where bitcoin can be exchanged for FIAT and vice versa. They essentially help Bitcoin realise a value against other currencies (crypto and FIAT).
The current SegWit deployment needs 95% of miners to signal that they are ready to support it by setting a flag in the blocks they mine. This was set to ensure that a high enough proportion of the miners were ready for the changes to avoid disruption on activation. Unfortunately this means that a small amount of miners could block activation of a change that a majority of the users would like.
UASF - BIP 148 nodes will start rejecting blocks that do not signal for the current SegWit deployment on August 1st. This should incentivise miners to signal for SegWit if there enough nodes with economic weight that run BIP 148. [This post]( by luke-jr explains how BIP 148 works in relation to nodes and miners and the risks involved. 
UASF BIP 148 therefore hopes to encourage miners to signal support for SegWit so that it reaches it's activation threshold before the SegWit activation deadline in November.
[Here is]( a link to an 8 minute video by Andreas Antonopoulos on the role of nodes which explains it well.
*^1 OK - once I got going it wasn't so brief sorry about that!!! ;-)
@_date: 2017-05-09 19:17:47


"Way to go people trying to block the activation of the work the developers have done!"... don't you sarcastically mean?
2013 1 Bitcoin was worth $155 on October the 10th 2013 (as far back as my charts go). 
2017 1 Bitcoin is worth $1,750.
It's not all been bad between 2013 and 2017 has it?
@_date: 2017-05-17 14:17:45
I see what you did there... the old Hong Kong routine.
@_date: 2017-07-09 17:09:43
It is a complicated subject so if you are worried you can't make a decision based upon what you know and understand you can always just move your Bitcoin off exchanges and out of mobile wallets and into a 'cold storage' solution and sit it all out.
Here's my attempts to explain the Segwit/UASF/Segwit2x/Hard Fork 'muddle':
[UASF, Segwit2x and Segwit Signalling Explained](
[Explaining Segwit2X and BIP 148 (UASF) compatibility](
[Explaining the Segwit2x Hard Fork and Bitmain’s UAHF](
@_date: 2017-07-08 05:56:05


...from the [article]( the image is from.
Perhaps the short 90 day gap between Segwit activating and the HF coming to pass was chosen because if it was any longer the Segwit capacity increases you mention would have come into full effect and the HF itself would seem even more irrational and unjustified.
@_date: 2017-07-10 18:59:41
Flash backs of all the poorly written hard fork attempts by people who claimed they would 'fire Core' in months gone by... XT, Classic, BU and now this... 
They try, but they just don't get it do they?
@_date: 2017-07-27 12:54:14
It was the figure of a 50/50 split of value that I was pointing out was ludicrous in the comment above yours. 
@_date: 2017-05-21 05:30:49
All BIPs include a brief description - a list of them here: 
But the UASF you are hearing mention of recently is BIP 148 yes.
@_date: 2017-05-20 05:54:23
So in your head where miners "only care what other miners think of their blocks" they would all carry on spending huge amounts of money on electricity to pointlessly​ build empty blocks on top of one another if nodes stopped sending them transactions in a format they accept and would still keep on doing this if no exchange nodes accepted the blocks they mined... just because the other miners (who are also then mining for zero profit) accepted them.
You have this all round the wrong way.
@_date: 2017-05-30 08:58:17
It's to do with the chip architecture hitting a ceiling at 16nm.
More info here: 
@_date: 2017-05-16 12:13:14
I know many here will scoff at the very idea but until there are binaries that you can download from a credible source many users simply won't run the code - well, not enough to push support very much higher anyway.
I'm not sure what the Linux v Windows v Mac stats are for Core nodes but I would guess a fair number run on Windows and it's not easy to build from source - needs understanding of Window's Linux subsystem etc.
EDIT: Also - support by the original author [seems to have shifted]( to the BIP149/8 proposal (my personally preferred option) leaving many people confused no doubt.
@_date: 2017-05-20 16:29:50


You haven't then mentioned that SegWit's fixing of transaction malleability makes the enabling of second layer solutions like Lightning Network possible. Lightning Network is capable of millions to billions of transactions per second across the network. That blows away legacy payment rails by many orders of magnitude.
I believe that that is the main reason people want SegWit.
Just increasing the block size is just a linear solution to scaling, which also has the added problem of network issues when blocks increase in size. Lightning Network offers a massive, long term scaling solution with little impact on Bitcoin's main chain.
@_date: 2017-05-18 19:24:33
I should have just linked to this - a great explanation: 
@_date: 2017-05-24 20:54:08
It's been a lot more positive around here lately, plenty to be positive about instead of bu bashing!
High five back at you. Yep I'm a Britcoiner! ;-)
@_date: 2017-05-18 13:44:38
LOL - I might be tempted closer the date yes - remind me in June perhaps, as support is just beginning :-)
@_date: 2017-05-23 09:22:14
I asked the same last week. There are some useful comments there as well for those interested...
@_date: 2017-07-27 08:52:25
This will be the 667th alt-coin forked from Bitcoin in some way... 
A non-event trying to ride on the profile of UASF's August 1st activation date.
@_date: 2017-05-22 11:05:09
So for those not wanting to 'risk' their bitcoin on a chain split they could keep a percentage in cold storage now before 1st August and some in their BIP 148 node wallet. When I say cold storage I actually just mean leave it in addresses they then don't touch until any split has been resolved.
On August 1st they can transact with the node's wallet (or one connected to a BIP 148 node) and feel safe about the other stuff pre-split because it's going to stay where it is (on both chains) until you move it. When the split is resolved the stuff you left will be as it was before the split. 
Also - 
1. Post split coinbase rewards are tainted by default and exist in one chain or the other - never both.
2. You can try to doublespend after getting your TX confirmed on 1 chain (google how to do this)
3. You can mix your coins with an already-tainted coin
Also - look at [this]( post for info on how the split would resolve.
@_date: 2017-05-02 07:22:06
So no evidence then? Classic response. 
Bookmarking so I don't waste time talking to you again.
@_date: 2017-05-25 11:13:08
Change does need to occur at some point in order for a technology to evolve. So changes do need to happen *somehow*. 
I would like to think that the Peers in Bitcoin's Peer-to-Peer network are the ones that should help bring about such changes. I don't agree with turning this into some users saying 'do it or else' - which is where the 'force' perspective comes from in your comment and I personally agree with you that it isn't constructive.
* Changes should be suggested by developers and adopted by users if they like them.
* This is what happened with the current Segwit deployment - developers made a change, the majority of the community said 'yes' and ran the code in their reference implementation since version 0.13.1.
* However - because of BIP 9's activation method (see the author's own recent comments on it's flaws [here]( - which was intended only to make sure that miners had upgraded to a community accepted change in time for activation to avoid network disruption only - it has enabled just 6% of miners or more to overrule the choices made by the community.
Change needs to come from somewhere and I'd rather it was users and peers activating proposals made by the Core developers over what miners think best suits their economic interests. 
I do agree with you that 'strong arm tactics' by users trying to scare other people into also making a change is not productive. Same motive and end result - but very different approaches to getting people on board.
@_date: 2017-05-17 16:20:16
Exactly, it's just one stalling 'solution' after another. Classic, XT, BU, whatever it is they support now... all intended to delay and do nothing else.
Not sure we're doomed but it sure is frustrating!
@_date: 2017-07-09 06:27:00
Preventing a chain split only happens if miners are *orphaning* (rejecting) blocks that don't signal Segwit.
See here for full explanation: [Explaining Segwit2X and BIP 148 (UASF) compatibility](
@_date: 2017-07-10 19:02:09
We won't get Segwit at this rate.
@_date: 2017-05-19 06:34:39
So anyone who runs a node can easily signal support! That's a good way to gauge support but to actually activate SegWit on your node you will need to run the BIP 148 code by August 1st.
@_date: 2017-05-17 08:34:08
Thanks for the explanation.


I hope this option isn't chosen, there would then follow a ton of FUD about how the code was 'unsafe' no doubt! ;-)
@_date: 2017-07-27 10:21:56
deleted post - BTC forks site already linked to in another post.
@_date: 2017-07-27 17:43:03
OK - I take that back then. You have a sound and full history of posting constructive comments about Bitcoin in a well reasoned manner with clearly set out arguments. That better? I mean, it's a lie... but does it make you feel happier?
@_date: 2017-07-27 18:50:29
So you're just letting the fact that I have pointed out your comment...


...was technically incorrect and also (based on the nature of my post being about Segwit - as soft fork) conceptually invalid just slip by you yeah? Then claim that *I* am the one deflecting. Oh my!
So this whole 'conversation' has been about you misunderstanding my cheeky comment (with inclusive winking face emoticon) and not understanding what it was in relation to? Bit 1 signalling, not a hard fork.


Again with the hard fork talk! 
Nice way to change the conversation to suit what you have been arguing about when I haven't. Doesn't cover up the fact that you got it wrong from the very start.
OK then, to humour you... perhaps you misunderstand this as well - it would not surprise me. Not 'everyone' has signed up for the hard fork element of Segwit2x you know. Only people who represent ~80% of mining hash power and some business representatives. A very small number of people from the entire community basically.
I sure didn't sign up for it and neither did the majority of other Bitcoin users who oppose such an proposal and the governance model from which it was created.
So let's see if the miners hard fork shall we?
They haven't had much luck so far with XT, Classic, BU... am I missing any out?, there have been so many failed attempts I have lost track. It's almost as if mining hash power *isn't* in control of the protocol isn't it? It's almost as if the UASF pressured the miners to act in line with user's wishes. 
Let's see how BCC goes next week and measure the market's appetite for a hard fork shall we - then see how the Segwit2x one goes.
I guess if the BCC and Segwit2x hard forks go well for the miners then your whole 'miners are the important ones' argument is proven - and if it doesn't, add it to the list of failed attempts I guess and chalk up another success for the 'peers' in the peer-to-peer Bitcoin network. ¯\ _(ツ)_ /¯
@_date: 2017-05-15 09:30:59
Give it a go - it's actually a lot simpler than I thought it would be!
If you do...
The raspnode.com guide is spot on but I've found that changing the following in bitcoin.conf helps with loads when there are a large number of unconfirmed transactions: 
(above suggested settings for the Pi from [Jameson Lopp's bitcoin config generator tool[(
Also you can change the Pi's memory allocation for the GPU from it's default (for Pi 3 anyway) of 64MB to 16MB. This gives you more RAM for general use and still easily runs normal desktop apps.
Mine's been running uninterrupted for a week or so since I made those final tweaks. CPU load is very low and although the Pi 3's 1GB memory is nearly all in use the swap file setting in the raspnode guide covers that.
Anyway - didn't mean to hijack your Bitseed post with Pi talk! ⊙﹏⊙
@_date: 2017-05-21 05:46:50
I spent a lot of time trying to explain - all you have to do is google the term you don't understand...
Core Client: 
First page of results and without even having to click a link:


Google, read, repeat until happy! ;-)
@_date: 2017-05-20 06:05:04
Coins would be valued on what properties they had. If the majority of users all placed more value on one particular coin based on the features it offered over the other one it would quickly become the dominant and most valued coin. The other coin would then likely be abandoned by users preferring to spend money on the more useful coin and miners wanting to mine the most valued coin. So the net effect is that after the users and markets decide what coin is the preferred one the other coin would quickly die out and there would again only be one coin, either the red or blue one in my example.
See [this]( from Luke-jr on how this scenario comes into play with the UASF to enable SegWit as the lesser valued coin could actually be eliminated​ by a re-org if it's not the one on the UASF BIP148 chain.
@_date: 2017-05-15 11:18:09
The price of BTC in USD changes all the time though so the amounts in BTC you are looking for will not be the same from one minute to the next.
If this is WannaCry related there are plenty of sites tracking the addresses used to collect the ransom. e.g. a list [here]( and a twitter account tracking payments [here](
@_date: 2017-05-02 13:55:40


What a complete joke.
For anyone who can be bothered to actually read before jumping to conclusions like this clown:
@_date: 2017-07-07 19:10:23
The orphaning is of blocks that do not *signal* for the activation of Segwit - the moment Segwit itself is activated the signalling is redundant.
[This]( is my best attempt to explain how the signalling and activation works for both Segwit2x and UASF. 
@_date: 2017-05-20 05:23:48
A king that can be made to change his​ dictatorial position on something by his subjects speaking out isn't really in charge at all.
Let's see how UASF BIP 148 goes. It wouldn't be the first UASF to succeed.
@_date: 2017-05-22 13:28:05
Never done it myself but check out: 
Describes the situation you are in and a solution.
@_date: 2017-05-17 16:26:35
I would like a UASF to enable Segwit.
I'm not even that bothered about the current high transaction fees to be honest but that's just me and my own personal situation.
What I mostly oppose is miner centralisation and a belief that miners and hash power determine what Bitcoin is. That's why I am in favour of a USAF - I am a user who bought into Bitcoin because of the decentralised nature of its design and the lack of central authority and I would very much like to keep it that way. I'm prepared to pay high transaction fees to keep it that way until second layer TRUE scaling solutions​ are enabled. High fees won't make me compromise my desire for a decentralised network.
EDIT: I am fully aware of the ramifications of a UASF thanks. Are you aware of the ramifications of centralising a decentralised network?
@_date: 2017-05-16 11:21:37
Go here: 
...and click 'Check Node' - you should see something like:
xxx.xxx.xxx.xxx:8333 /Satoshi:0.14.1(UASF-SegWit-BIP148)/
Not sure but you may have to wait until your node is synced before it is seen by the above.
Make sure you have 'Map port using UPnP' and 'Allow incoming connections' checked in settings/network to enable incoming connections on port 8333.
If it still isn't seen by bitnodes you may have to do some port forwarding on your router.
You can have more than one uacomment by the way:
-uacomment=BIP8 -uacomment=UASF-SegWit-BIP149 -uacomment=UASF-SegWit-BIP148
See [here]( for more info
@_date: 2017-07-17 08:06:55
Deleted OP - didn't see it had already been posted.
@_date: 2017-05-21 05:12:24
It's too late - the code has already (ages ago) been set with that figure in - it was supposed to avoid disruption and make sure the vast majority of miners had upgraded their nodes before it activated to avoid disruption. It has been used to *block* activation by miners though.
@_date: 2017-05-30 06:29:09
For those who don't know what the 6% refers to:
BIP 9 is a method used to activate Soft Forks in Bitcoin.
BIP 9 requires that 95% of blocks mined in a certain time period should signal readiness for that change in order for the change to activate.
BIP 9 was was only intended to ensure that miners had upgraded to a community accepted change in time for activation to avoid network disruption. However, it also enables just 6% of miners to overrule the choices made by the community. This was not the intention of BIP 9 and you can read one of the authors own comments on it's flaws [here](
Currently about [30%]( of miners are signalling readiness for Segwit (this does not imply that they are actively supporting the BIP 148 chain, just that they are signalling for Segwit through BIP 9) with 56% signalling for other proposals (such as BU, Extension Blocks and BIP 100) and the remaining are not signalling at all.
BIP148 will refuse to accept blocks that do not signal readiness for Segwit - meaning that 100% of the blocks on that chain will signal for Segwit and if there is sufficient mining behind it will activate Segwit on that chain before the Segwit deployment times out in November.
EDIT: Just to add clarification - Added 'this does not imply that they are actively supporting the BIP 148 chain, just that they are signalling for Segwit through BIP 9'
@_date: 2017-05-20 16:13:22
I've just [commented above]( explaining that for someone else - hope it useful to you as well...!
There's plenty of links in it about the BIP (Bitcoin Improvement Proposal) etc. as well for reference.
Also useful: [Luke-jr's post]( of a few days ago.
@_date: 2017-05-15 10:42:03
I haven't down-voted this post but think it's perhaps the implication that Core are proposing the UASF in the original comment that might have lead to that? As I've already said and won't labour the point - they haven't and as you may be aware - the original proposal was submitted by someone named shaolinfry here: 


Well exactly - I don't trust that as a response to every single question raised about their solution.
 I think you have to trust the nature of open source projects and that Core wait to see consensus on things before they add them to the official releases and don't try and ram solutions down people's necks by brute force. That's a good thing in my opinion and as burglar_ot says above they won't propose something that will cause such disruption as you fear.
That doesn't stop people from making their own code forks though (BIP 148) if they think they have an idea that will get support. As you said in another thread - "Bitcoin has weathered literally everything up to this point and kept raising." So if the consensus by community approach has worked so far in Bitcoin's life maybe trust it will in the future. That's mentioning 'trust' a few too many time in what is essentially a trust-less project but you see my point ;-)
@_date: 2017-05-28 19:52:43
You seem to have formed quite a strong opinion very quickly Mr 'Real Bitcoiner'.
August 1st UASF - what are you going to do about that? Post the word 'blockstreamcore' some more? Still going to happen sorry.
¯\ (ツ) /¯ 
@_date: 2017-07-27 13:21:22


You added that after I had replied so - To use the figures you have in your comment... If there are 10 people trying to sell for every one that is trying to buy... I assume you know what affect that will have on the price of BCC?
PS - on Metcalfe's Law - it assumes that the value of each 'node' (transaction in your comment) is of equal benefit and functionality. You could argue (and I would) that transactions on BCC coin are not as inherently valuable as ones on BTC because BTC is on it's way to getting Segwit - something the market seems to have been demanding from the price increases in other coins that implemented it and the swings in BTC itself as moves to activate it have increased and decreased in likelihood recently. I guess we will see on August 1st... which I think will largely be a non-event.
Anyway - I'm not getting dragged into a different discussion. The split WILL NOT be 50/50 in value between BTC and BCC, that was the original point.
@_date: 2017-07-26 17:22:47
Makes sense to set up your own exchange if you want to offload stolen BTC. 
KYC not a concern to you if you are your own Customer ;-)
@_date: 2017-07-25 12:28:33


Chain length doesn't count - it's most worked on valid chain. 


Without devs? Hmmmm... With Masters? Hmmmm...


You mean by far the biggest pool of distributed, intelligent people working in cryptocurrency who contribute to an open project that anyone can submit to? Yep, sounds like the best plan to me. 
You go ahead and follow a tiny group of developers with conflicts of interest that are not able to write code that doesn't have bugs in it though if you want to. I'm pretty confident that the big money won't follow you onto a network prone to bugs causing network wide consensus failures and node crashes.
Look - that's the end of this now.
@_date: 2017-05-24 19:36:43
Thanks for the warm wishes! :-)
@_date: 2017-07-25 16:27:48
Sorry - Original Post/Original Poster.
You could always run a UASF node - just to be sure and keep the miners true to their word in activating Segwit. 
@_date: 2017-07-27 11:09:36
Will you cover my medical bills if I do this? ;-)
@_date: 2017-07-27 12:34:26


Quite a crazy assumption that the markets will open with them both having equal value!
There is a futures market, on ViaBTC (who will support mining on BCC) that even though it is likely being manipulated is still way way lower in value than Bitcoin.


Again, you've got the split completely wrong. The value won't divide in half! Sorry to go on but this is highly misleading, likely not intentionally I understand but still...
If you hold your own private keys you will have access to all your Bitcoin and the same amount of the BCC alt-coin. They will not be magically assigned the same value by any stretch of the imagination.
@_date: 2017-05-09 17:58:36
No way, the high priest himself! I'm well jealous.
Quick question - did you notice a lump under your left ear after you left? Apparently the blood is drugged and they knock you out with it then implant a device that they can activate at any point that enables them to control your mind and make you type pro-core sentiments on reddit. The only way to stop it working is to wrap your head in tin foil or to remove the Core client from your PC*^1
Best to check just to be safe. Good luck!
*^1 The implant sends data back to Blockstream HQ via a secret function within the Core Bitcoin client and is accessed wirelessly. The removal of this secret function from the code causes errors throughout the software by design. This is what keeps tripping up the BU developers and causing crashes in their node's implementation as they are the only ones who have been brave enough to fight the evil megalomaniacs at BSHQ and remove it.
@_date: 2017-07-26 08:42:31
Hmmm, that's a good point! I have updated the original based on your feedback: 
@_date: 2017-07-21 10:38:25
Just to clarify - bit 4 has done it's job now as BIP91 is locked in. All that matters now is that miners run something that will orphan blocks that don't signal bit 1 for Segwit and that they actually signal bit 1 itself.
@_date: 2017-07-28 07:31:18
Yes you are right.
"forked from Bitcoin in some way..."
...includes code forks.
@_date: 2017-07-27 10:20:39
yep...and they plan to do both - fork the blockchain and have already forked the code and removed Segwit and Replace by Fee.
@_date: 2017-05-27 15:23:45
This is either someone trying to 'help' but not realising that such nodes are not going to contribute anything to the UASF as nodes need to be active and transacting nodes... 
...or someone trying to discredit the organic growth we've seen so far from genuine users and UASF supporters by suddenly chucking a load of AWS nodes in and saying 'see, it's all fake'. 
Either way - it doesn't really matter as it's not all about node counts. The UASF is going to happen on August 1st anyway. The more community support there is the less disruption there will be is all.
@_date: 2017-05-18 17:38:48
Ha, yes that's a funny one :-)
As I said, I'm optimistic and it's better to try and do something you think is positive than just sitting​ around moaning and waiting for someone else to give you what you want. 
@_date: 2017-05-29 20:52:10
'It' being BIP 9.
"BIP 9 has enabled just 6% of miners or more to overrule the choices made by the community."
That was my point - about who should get to decide what changes are made to the Bitcoin protocol. I think it should be the community and not the miners who are currently blocking community backed change by abusing the intent of BIP 9.
I'm not saying that there is only an insignificant amount of miners that oppose Segwit. That is clearly not the case.
@_date: 2017-05-09 09:47:43
Another classic:


I mean how to you discuss things with people like that... ;-)
EDIT: of course I got down-voted for pointing out the glaring issue with those two conflicting statements and the poster of that comment gets up-voted immediately.
@_date: 2017-05-09 20:12:50
So it was purely natural demand that sent the price up you are saying? Magic.
And I suppose the implication is that it would now be many more times higher than it is if it wasn't for 'developers' - by which I assume you were trying to refer to the 150+ Core project contributors and not the handful of developers who worked/work on BU, Classic, XT etc. whose implementations threatened to break consensus and block actual solutions from the majority of bitcoin developers from being released? Hmmmmm....
@_date: 2017-07-27 11:12:10
True! :-)
@_date: 2017-07-10 19:13:32
Seeing as 148 does the same orphaning of blocks that don't signal for Segwit activation they really could - then spend the saved time trying to fix their HF code... which nobody will run anyway. ¯\ _(ツ)_ /¯
@_date: 2017-07-07 19:56:40
Horribly pastel light green only happens if they reach 80%+ signalling for Swegti2x. Explained in detail here: [UASF, Segwit2x and Segwit Signalling Explained]( and how that plays into being compatible with UASF here: [Explaining Segwit2X and BIP 148 (UASF) compatibility](
Might take a few minutes to read but it is a fairly confusing sequence of inter-related events. The compatibility between Segwit2x and UASF is show in a diagram in the first link in this comment.
EDIT: essentially - yes. Only when they have 80%+ signalling for Segwit2x activation.
@_date: 2017-07-27 18:09:13


By definition miners are the *only* ones who can be solely responsible for a hard fork as they are the only ones mining blocks. Also - I didn't even mention a hard fork! The entire post was about activating Segwit - a soft fork. There's no way a miner could cause a hard fork by mining a block that did not signal for Segwit. The most it would do is create a chain split. Come on - that's 'Beginners Guide' stuff!
I thought you would have known that - you know, being that you are a miner and all ;-)
Look - if you have been a miner for a long time and a little sub-heading with a winking face at the end of it triggered you, well... it just sounds like maybe you know, you might not be ;-)
Anyway - back to your warehouse and 'fat wallet' with you now.
@_date: 2017-07-27 19:00:01
LOL - and now you are deleting your comments above to cover up your mistakes!!!! Classic. We'll leave it lie now then shall we? It's not very productive is it ;-)
@_date: 2017-05-16 13:50:25
Unfortunately it is for a lot of people who run nodes on Windows - and I imagine there are a fair number of them. 
You have to compile using the Windows Subsytem for Linux. There is a guide [here]( but I think you have to be aware that not having a simple 'download and click install' version will put a lot of people off. 
@_date: 2017-07-29 21:45:06
Your absolutely right... the version bit itself has an set expiration date - 2017-11-15 00:00:00.
@_date: 2017-05-16 17:19:01
Just to clarify - 'Core' aren't supporting a UASF. 
It's not in the reference client - hence the need to go to a specific branch of the open source code project and compile it yourself to run it.
BIP148 was written and submitted by shaolinfry. You could fork the Core project and submit your own solution here if you so desired. 
@_date: 2017-05-16 13:43:28
BIP149 (with BIP8 used for activation) is a much simpler way to activate SegWit but has to wait until the signalling period for the *current* SegWit deployment ends this November before it can begin.
In November (and if the current SegWit deployment has not been activated by miner support) BIP149 can start exactly the same process as the current SegWit deployment (can be activated by miners by signalling etc) with the one key difference being that **if BIP149 fails to get the support of miners it will switch to 'activated' anyway and give us SegWit on July 2018** instead of ending with a status of 'failed' like a BIP 9 proposal that doesn't get enough miner support through signalling.
Basically - If BIP149/8 gets enough support in the (admittedly pretty long) time frames were talking about I personally think it's got a very real chance of giving us SegWit via a UASF.
@_date: 2017-07-25 16:41:22
Mining is a zero sum game with very tight profit margins.


It's not just users who get benefit from a high FIAT price on Bitcoin - the miners ONLY get paid in Bitcoin for their services. Jeez.
If miners stick to a chain with no users then users can just PoW change. Problem solved. Miners can't do any such thing - their rigs serve one purpose and one alone - hashing SHA(256) on an industrial scale. Without users their businesses are shot.
@_date: 2017-05-02 06:19:43
Are you serious?!
@_date: 2017-05-17 15:17:07
Wow, you're only a few more "but Hong Kong" mentions away from the daily record.
Do you have a response to 's comments on the Hong Kong agreement or are you just going to keep posting the words Hong Kong Agreement in the hope that the idea that Core as a whole have somehow caused our current scaling deadlock creeps into the minds of those who don't know the history of it?
Do you really think that trying now to review and test a 2mb + SegWit solution is going to take anything other than an age to see the light of day.
We have a solution that's tested and ready now. It's called Segwit. If the miners really wanted an increase in block size we'd already have it.
@_date: 2017-05-16 19:18:27
Damned if you do, damned if you don't
@_date: 2017-07-08 05:37:54
Ok but be warned - I am going to make the orange blocks stink real bad.
@_date: 2017-07-27 19:13:54
Wow, they look great! 
In terms of making them available for people to use - If you just put the high res version of them someplace people could just download them, make their own paper wallet online and copy and paste the QR codes etc from that image onto the ones you have made.
Really nice work.
@_date: 2017-05-19 14:55:26


Again - it is indeed possible to say that one proposal has more support than another though. Exact figures - no, but 'more popular' - yes.
As I said above - "So in your eyes everyone supports everything equally? If no then there must be one proposal that has more user support than the others by definition. There are certainly strong indicators (as I listed originally) that SegWit is favoured by the majority of users"
@_date: 2017-05-11 05:32:01
Why do you say that signalling support for a UASF is bs? Some miners are signalling BU support in the blocks they mine, what's wrong with signalling for an alternative with your node?
@_date: 2017-07-27 17:31:28
I should have checked his comment history first.
He has only ever posted in one other thread and that was 9 months ago and nothing to do with Bitcoin... and then suddenly he decides to start having a strong opinion about Bitcoin in this post today. 
It's the perfect profile for a purchased troll account ;-)
@_date: 2017-05-22 05:47:11
... and remember to upgrade to running the actual code (binaries are available and ready to be installed now if you prefer that route to compiling your own) before August 1st... if the UASF campaign hasn't already persuaded miners to signal SegWit and activate it by that date!
@_date: 2017-07-10 19:16:49
In the code they require a specific block to be the 'magic' &gt; 1MB one that triggers the fork. I guess they forgot to stuff that particular block with transactions on testnet. 
20 days ago they discussed how they needed to do that on github: 
Looking at the mempool right now and giving Segwit 90 days to start increasing capacity - they will have to 'fake it up' to get a block over 1 MB in size, which would really throw into question (even more) whether a HF was needed at all.
@_date: 2017-05-25 17:49:10


I think it is read like that by yourself yes, to people who have been following Bitcoin and have an understanding of Segwit BIP 141 - not so much ;-)
They support Segwit - in that they are segwit feature supporting and can run the Segwit features when/if it is enabled.
EDIT: I have edited the OP so I don't 'mislead' anyone else and to educate those who don't know what a client that supports Segwit means.
@_date: 2017-07-27 10:32:26
If the UAHF goes ahead you will hold Bitcoin and an alt-coin called BCC.
@_date: 2017-07-08 05:43:43


I'm still not getting it.
I'll assume the second sentence is about orphaning blocks that don't signal for segwit activation using bit 1 in the period between Segwit2x activating and Segwit itself activating. The blocks that don't signal using bit 1 will be orphaned under Segwit2x only if it activates - and it will only activate if it reaches 80%+ hash power. So in that case if the other ~20% keep making blocks that don't signal bit 1 they will be trying to keep building a chain that keeps getting wiped out, then they'll start building on the chain that wiped it out and they'll get wiped out again... basically, if they want to make money from the blocks they mine they'll have to follow suite and not mine blocks that don't signal bit 1.
@_date: 2017-07-24 20:59:55
How do you mean sorry?
As in the NYA coinbase text? That's not binding in any way to the second stage of Segwit2x or any code within Segwit2x itself. Bit 4 is redundant now and bit 1 only gets you Segwit. There's no way to tell who is actually running code that will enforce the hard fork.
...if that's what you meant?
@_date: 2017-05-02 07:16:35
I assume that you are trying to refer to 'straw man argument'. I'm not doing that as I questioned your original claim that Bitcoin's future is decided by 8 people. I asked who the 8 were. 
No straw man here, just me and a guy who needs to back up his bizarre claim that 8 people control Bitcoin's future... 
@_date: 2017-05-25 11:27:29
I know right! ;-)
I do respect your position (of course - TIL I am a moderate!) I am just voicing the view of someone who wants the same end goal but has different method of getting there :-)
@_date: 2017-05-22 06:54:01
Thanks for clarifying! :-)
@_date: 2017-05-22 12:21:40
* [SegWit]( (BIP 141) has to get 95% of miners signalling for it in order to activate.
* Currently 34% are signalling for it and it looks very unlikely that it will reach the 95% mark.
* The activation window ends this November.
* A lot of [users, nodes]( and [businesses]( would like to see it activate though.
* A UASF (User Activated Softy Fork) has begun whereby users are moving to activate SegWit by running the UASF BIP 148 code that will reject blocks that do not signal SegWit starting 1st August. This will hopefully persude miners to signal for SegWit under the existing proposal (BIP 141) and push signalling over 95% by November.
* UASF signalling nodes have jumped this last week to almost 10% of nodes (
Really your best bet now is to grab some key words from above a do some google searches - a lot has gone on in the past year! ;-)
@_date: 2017-05-15 14:28:37
For me - I am fed up of seeing people copy and paste wild conspiracy theories and jump from one progress-stalling scaling 'solution' to the next in order to protect the miner's income whilst never presenting any sound technical reasons to not support SegWit.
As an experiment - pop over to r/btc and post a comment asking for their opinion on SegWit as a scaling solution. 
Come back and let us know the kind of replies you got and note how many were:
* Soundly argued criticisms with supporting technical evidence to back them up
* Keyboard bashing rants along the lines of "blockstream terror attack"
Enjoy your visit but don't stay too long if you value your sanity... we'll await your return ;-)
@_date: 2017-05-18 20:06:41
Exactly!! The proposal "SW+2MB HF" is "SegWit now and a commitment to do a HF to 2MB a year later". Risky in my opinion to include a HF just for block size alone and as SegWit will be activated in theory by then and as SW works on block weight the 2MB base will give up to 8MB block size (about that anyway - 3.7MB theoretical block size max on SW with a multiplier of 2 in 12 months time). No thanks.
It seems like another distraction to me. UASF is SegWit on August 1st - Yes please.
@_date: 2017-07-24 12:43:21
Jeff Garzik claims it will take developers a year or so to upgrade wallet software to enable Segwit saying: (from the screen shot)


...apart from if you are Jeff Garzik and you are talking about Segwit2x it seems - in which case you can bang out code to activate Segwit AND enact a hard fork in just a few weeks.
 ¯\ _(ツ)_ /¯
@_date: 2017-05-18 11:09:26
It's certainly interesting timing...
Over the last two days there have been a number of posts championing a UASF through BIP148. 
The UASF supporting node count has risen from 5.8% to 6.5% in two days and today we get a lot of people jumping onto this SW+2MB HF proposal. Hmmm....
I hope it isn't just a way to hinder UASF support until after the UASF activation date of August 1st... perhaps we will see after that date if this compromise suddenly disappears from the table.
@_date: 2017-07-25 15:21:15


Completely ignores previous comment about miners having to pay to 'plug away' whilst it costs users nothing to sit it out. Didn't it suit your argument to address that?


I'd suggest instead you don't forget there is something called replay protection:
[Interview with Jeff Garzik]( from 3 days ago:
"Will Segwit2x add replay protection in the case of a hard fork? "
"Definitely. There have been a few proposals."
You are forgetting that even if they did replay transactions - the sending of strings of data has no FIAT value itself - only if people exchange FIAT for it. So what good is replaying my transaction on the HF chain if what I was doing was exchanging FIAT for bitcoin on the main chain? The miner on the HF chain gets none of that FIAT and no value. 


LOL. Some *businesses* wanted Segwit, Some *businesses* wanted a hard fork. Some *business leaders* sat down in a room... you mean. 
No users. No Core devs. The 'compromise' as you call it was a decision made by a select group with similar desires. It doesn't work like that. That's how large corporations are run. Bitcoin's users are not employees and they can easily move their coins from the exchanges run by some of those businesses present at the NYA meeting and move them to others. Mining is a time-stamping service. Users pay the miners for this service. If 80% fork off the remaining 20% will find themselves well off. It won't take long for the other 80% to come back - they are businesses after all and chase profit.


My question about why Segwit2x's reduced confirmation window remains unanswered - all you have done is given your opinion of UASF. 
What value do you think is placed on software development as opposed to mining hardware? Do you not think the value of [these people]( and their ability to produce bug free, robust software is valued by investors and users alike? Where would the protocol be taken by the Segwit2x developers (or at this stage just Jeff Garzik)? There is no road map and they are already many code merges behind the work being done by the Core contributors. Do you think people would just follow a hard fork chain because some guys somewhere own a lot machines that hash SHA(256) quickly? People don't think 'I really need to get this string of letters and numbers hashed so i'll pay someone to do it' - they pay for Bitcoin because of the properties and characteristics it has - one of those being robustness. Ironically one is also a strong resistance to change.


They 'let' our network function do they? 
'our' is the key word in that sentence by the way. Maybe that's why you failed to understand the effect of the UASF in a previous comment. They don't let our network function - our network pays them to time-stamp our transactions. If some don't want to do it and create an alt-coin others will fill their place.
@_date: 2017-07-09 18:42:49
Well yes as both chains share the same history of blockchain up until the point of the split, but be aware of the risks of chains having a lack of 'replay protection'. If you send any on one chain after the split they could get sent on the other chain as well.
Also - if there is a split you have to factor in the very real likelihood that the price will go down on one, if not both chains. Double the BTC will not directly equal double the convertible amount in FIAT i'm afraid! ;-)
@_date: 2017-07-25 09:58:19
You do if you want to validate the transactions you receive and send without having to trust a 3rd party. 
That being said - there are varying degrees of trust that you can achieve by running a full-node, pruned-node or something like a wallet on your phone. It all depends on the amount of Bitcoin you are holding in that wallet and the level of trust you are prepared to give to a 3rd party.
@_date: 2017-05-21 12:48:46
Without going into a debate on what was then done to carry on the work agreed on as it's been discussed many times in here...
So you are happy for one side to break the agreement and then when the other side 'breaks' it you are unhappy and blame them for breaking the agreement? Huh.
@_date: 2017-05-09 08:40:04
Holding steady at the minutes:  (42.1% of last 144 @ 9:40 GMT)
EDIT: I initially typed 41.1% - it was 42.1%. 
@_date: 2017-05-21 16:25:46
All valid concerns in my eyes. 
I guess if we actually get SegWit then we'll have to see what it's own effective block size increase brings and review at a later date if LN doesn't arrive soon enough.
Thanks for the constructive debate! :-)
@_date: 2017-05-25 05:53:31
Nice! I see what you did there ;-)
@_date: 2017-07-29 19:33:58
The numbers given were current based on the pool data - and as there aren't any real current prices for BCC it's all there is to go on. There is also the future price to bear in mind and the fact that any coins mined are not spendable until they are at a 100 block depth. EDIT: plus the difficulty on each chain must be taken into account of course - and network/code stability.
I know there is a futures market on ViaBTC but seeing as how ViaBTC are the only ones to also have a BCC pool I am not sure how much I trust the figures on there.
It currently has BCC/BTC at [0.125](
@_date: 2017-07-18 10:25:17
UPDATE: He's signalling now. Well done Roger, well done (claps slowly).
@_date: 2017-07-09 05:36:53
This is a reply from the Bitcoin Core contributor 'Btc Drak' in response to the BIP (Bitcoin Improvement Proposal) submission for Segwt2x. 
The [BIP process]( is a way for people to submit design improvement proposals to Bitcoin since Bitcoin has no formal structure. 
It was in response to [this BIP proposal]( that was submitted to suggest that the Segwit2x proposal be integrated into the Core repository. *Go to that link and click 'Next Message' at the top to read the full thread and replies from Greg Maxwell and Luke-Jr etc.*
The BIP itself is poorly formed and is either a weak but honest attempt to get the code integrated into the Core repository or a hand waving gesture intended to imply that the proponents of Segwit2x would like the code merged into Core... when perhaps they would instead rather have their own implementation of Bitcoin that's under their control.
@_date: 2017-07-28 07:41:06
The market has spoken... "No thanks, not interested."
1 BCC is worth just 0.08 BTC - even on their own futures market.
@_date: 2017-07-07 18:54:56
The blue blocks show blocks that either signal for Segwit readiness or not - i.e. signalling bit 1 or not.
The darker green blocks after the Segwit Activates line are just 'post segwit activation'. They could be blocks that contain Segwit transactions or regular blocks - as from version [0.14.1]( miners can still mine 'legacy' blocks which will still be considered valid.
If that makes sense?
Did you mean 'after Segwit2x' activates? I've put that on the time line as 'Orphaning of non-Segwit signalling blocks begins'. There will likely be a few blocks still mined that do not signal Segwit on bit 1 after Segwit2x activates but they will get orphaned pretty quickly.
@_date: 2017-05-23 19:10:20


I'd like to see these 'snippets' as I doubt Core developers had any say in this proposal. Anyway - until the details are out it's all just a distraction. I'm still running BIP148 and won't stop until I get the Segwit I want, not some twisted version of it with potential HF lock ins etc.
@_date: 2017-07-11 05:45:04
Agreed! I should have added... via Segwit2x.
@_date: 2017-05-23 15:46:01


...and no way to sell the coins they mine because no exchanges and very few users run nodes that would accept the rules of their protocol change.
EDIT: added this: 
@_date: 2017-05-18 19:15:21
Also - people who say "miners don't support SegWit" always forget that (currently) 35% of blocks mined are by miners who signal support for SegWit :-)
To compare the top two proposals by significant mining support - currently just 6% more miners signal support for BU than SegWit - 
@_date: 2017-07-24 17:14:58


... is what it says. Key word 'before'.
If you don't understand, don't get angry. It's a very informative article in terms of how split protection works etc.
@_date: 2017-05-24 19:29:10
That would be rude - we'll all be waving, we're nice like that :-)
@_date: 2017-07-29 18:35:53
Same here. I've nothing against those who want to hard fork doing so, it's their choice. 
Hopefully they will focus on their own coin's scaling then.
@_date: 2017-07-25 13:22:53


But if users don't follow - what do you think the miners will do - sit there spending money on electricity with no transactions to process and nobody able to buy the coins they mine? 
The money they have spent on their 'hard to replace' mining machines is spent to do one thing and one thing only - collect user transactions and fees to mine Bitcoin blocks. With no users they have expensive blocks of metal.
Users would lose nothing by sitting on our Bitcoin if hash power forked from consensus whereas the miners would lose money every day without users. How long do you think it would take before miners come back to the consensus rules the majority of nodes run?! Not long.
If hash power was so important and node consensus isn't - how would you explain Segwit2x’s recent [reduced confirmation window update]( - introduced to bring it in line with BIP 148. And why are miners even activating Segwit at all if the majority just want a hard fork? The users want it - that's why.
We'll have to agree to disagree - I have already spent too much of my time today explaining why 'hash power is king' has got it the wrong way round. 
Either way - if 80% of the hash power forks off in November so be it. I think BCC with be a good indication of the actual support by users (who buy bitcoins from miners and pay miners fees to time-stamp their transactions and give Bitcoin it's value) for big blocks and bowing to miner pressure. Anyway - like I said - I've already had this discussion in this post today.
@_date: 2017-05-18 11:17:14
How can you call a UASF set to activate on August 1st "stalling tactics"?
If all [node]( operators and users (including [businesses]( who want to see SegWit activated on Bitcoin supported the BIP148 UASF they would have SegWit on August 1st.
@_date: 2017-05-18 12:23:43


Agreed in that they protect us from malicious attempts to subvert the blockchain's history by actors trying to change the times-tamping records through mining attack.
Nodes protect us from other malicious actors by spreading the risk around and decentralising the system. They also protect us from malicious miners who break consensus.
@_date: 2017-07-10 06:29:07
Yes I'm well aware of that. The part about Segwit being active on August 1st is Jacob's least likely win scenario. So I'm willing to take on a bet where that condition alone is the terms. ;-)
@_date: 2017-07-08 05:50:38
Legacy - "denoting or relating to software or hardware that has been superseded but is difficult to replace because of its wide use." You could have argued that legacy was insulting as it implied that a chain that splits from it 'supersedes' it. ;-)
It's not a political statement to call the current chain the legacy chain - it denotes that it's not the 'new' chain - which would be whatever breaks from the current one. In other articles I (as a UASF supporter) have consistently referred to the current chain as the legacy chain even if the UASF has it's own chain that splits from the current one and becomes dominant.
I deliberately called it legacy and not 'the Bitcoin chain' to avoid comments like yours so no need to get defensive about it.
 ¯\ _(ツ)_ /¯
@_date: 2017-07-25 15:48:42
Do you mean the BIP 91 patch?
If you are talking about the SW2X fork (and I assume you are from the OP) - if you just want to have Segwit on Bitcoin stick with any vesion of the Core client. If you want to follow the SW2X hard fork in November... well, I have nothing to say about that ;-)
@_date: 2017-05-18 20:26:24
It will be happening on my node! I don't think it will be the only one :-)
@_date: 2017-07-07 20:10:32


Do you mean non-segwit *signalling* or are you talking about non-segwit blocks after Segwit has activated?
Or did you mean *doesn't* instead of *does*?
Basically - can you re-word the question and I'll try and answer! ;-)
@_date: 2017-07-25 12:10:01


(it's most worked on valid chain that matters by the way)
I will not be changing my Core node to a consensus breaking one written by those who propagate 'fire Core' crud and try and hard fork to bigger block sizes without competent developers to back it up or with valid reasons why a further capacity increase is needed 90 days after one is introduced by Segwit.
You and I will still be on the same chain at the end of the year if you stick to what you have said above.
@_date: 2017-07-21 09:52:13
2x party it 3 months after Segwit itself activates - so just over 4 weeks for that and then 3 months after that happens.
@_date: 2017-07-25 11:34:12
You have totally missed the point I was making about banks.
If you believe that nodes mean nothing unless they are the nodes of miners - perhaps you can explain the reason for Segwit2x’s recent [reduced confirmation window update]( to bring it in line with BIP 148.
In fact - don't bother, I can see from your comment history (example: "wake up, core devs need go out") that we're just wasting time here.
Enjoy you alt-coin. Hope it works out better for you than XT, Classic, BU etc did.
@_date: 2017-07-18 07:54:55
No matter what - or so they claim.
@_date: 2017-07-13 06:01:53
Not sure if you can ELI5 without assuming that 5 year old already knows about a few things... but I've tried explaining it:
[The Road to Segwit Activation — UASF, Segwit2x and Segwit Signalling Explained](
[Explaining Segwit2X and BIP 148 (UASF) compatibility](
Maybe they are more 'ELI10' ;-)
@_date: 2017-07-29 19:38:55
Which dates sorry? The first link is to the Bitcoin global hash rate the second is to ViaBTC's BCC pool. 
They are not actually mining BCC blocks yet - of course as it isn't live. That's just hash that has placed itself in that pool - so an intent to hash when August 1st Hard Fork comes.
@_date: 2017-07-17 07:50:05
That's expected. Upon activation SegWit2X will orphan blocks that don't signal for Segwit. See [this]( for more info.
@_date: 2017-07-25 17:21:26


I disagree. It would at least be decentralised, removing the attacks possible when you have relatively few mining businesses which are mostly located in one country. 


What do you think would happen? Do you think users wouldn't run mining set ups themselves if they had the chance?
This is all academic anyway - we'll see November.
@_date: 2017-07-25 18:45:09
I don't know if it's the language barrier or that you have run out of things to copy and paste from your 'trolls guidebook' that is the reason for this incoherent rambling.
At least that comment was good to laugh at as opposed to just being dumb conspiracy non-sense.
I note that you still haven't replied to me previous points. I don't expect you to though. 'If corned and unable to argue a point then just start ranting about toxic core' it says in your handbook right?
@_date: 2017-07-27 17:33:25


At least I can spell.
@_date: 2017-07-30 05:36:06
Yes - it's 100 blocks.
@_date: 2017-07-28 07:30:41
Perfect! Thanks very much.
@_date: 2017-07-24 21:30:57
I'd rather they did shift to mining an alt-coin than hard fork Bitcoin for *another* capacity increase just 90 days after a capacity upgrade has just hit the network courtesy of Segwit! 
I for one would not be following the SW2X hard fork.


...I can't see that happening at all to be honest. The vast majority of nodes wont switch to follow the SW2X hard fork and even less the BCC fork. BCC comes before the Segwit2x HF and will (I am quite confident) be dumped hard. If I were a miner I'd stick with mining the chain where the coins were many times more valuable and that the vast majority of users were actually using - i.e. the main chain with Segwit active and no HF.
BCC will provide a nice test bed for the SW2X hard fork and how many people actually value big blocks ;-)
@_date: 2017-07-09 18:25:16
If Segwit2x activates shorty after the July 21st planned bit 4 Segwit2x signalling start date and begins orphaning blocks that don't signal for Segwit it will then take 2016 blocks (about 2 weeks) for Segwit to move to the status of 'Locked In' (under BIP 9) and then a further 2016 blocks to move to activated. 
So saying we'll get Segwit on August 1st is a bit 'optimistic' ;-)
More info on signalling [here]( for ref.
EDIT: If the miners running Segwit2x are actively orphaning blocks that don't signal for Segwit on bit 1 by August 1st there [won't be a chain split with UASF]( but Segwit itself won't be activated until later if the Segwit2x project sticks to it's intended time frame - which it has so far.
EDIT 2: to the down-voter - I'll happily bet BTC that Segwit isn't active by August 1st. I [already have]( once and am happy to do it again.  ¯\ _(ツ)_ /¯
@_date: 2017-07-25 18:57:32
Yes, just like we are all sheep and follow 'toxic Core' ;-)
A few transactions costs the same as hosting a node? Have you seen the mempool lately? It's on the chart you yourself linked to earlier.
We fundamentally disagree on things and this to-and-fro won't resolve that. 
If you don't want me to reply to you - just stop replying to me with rubbish and drop it. Simple. 
@_date: 2017-07-01 10:05:20
You implied that it was a futile effort to not just give in and trust a 3rd party by mentioning 4 ways you could already be compromised, saying running a node would only slightly reduce who you need to trust and then mentioning 'many other potential vectors of attack'.
Trust and removing the need for it is mentioned 14 times in the white paper. 
You can point most open source wallets at your own node by the way... but from what you personally seem to require from a payment system I suggest you just use PayPal. 
EDIT: to avoid confusion and end this, do you see a problem with only $20k machines being able to run a node?
@_date: 2017-05-24 10:03:37
Agreed - we only need to keep the rising support for UASF going - If the recent 'agreement' gets us Segwit through BIP 141 with no strings attached before August 1st then great... 
...but if it doesn't then UASF BIP 148 is a massive safety net for those who want to see Segwit activate on Bitcoin and it only needs to come into effect if the agreement turns out to be a delay and distract tactic... which already looks certain to be the case.
Signal UASF BIP 148 and keep the support going: 
 
@_date: 2017-05-16 14:57:11
If the majority of Bitcoin users (the people who pay transaction fees) and also the nodes operated by Exchanges are running BIP149 the people who are going to 'mine those transactions' as you put it are the miners than want to collect fees and be able to convert their Bitcoin into FIAT currencies.
EDIT: May be of interest to you - as of version 0.14.1 Bitcoin Core "allows non-segwit miners to continue functioning correctly even after segwit has activated." You can read about it [here]( and [here]( There is not currently 'zero mining support' for SegWit by the way. 
@_date: 2017-07-23 05:48:20
...basically I've gone 'full Hulk' and there's no way to turn back to Dr Banner! ;-)
@_date: 2017-07-17 18:50:13
A lot of work must have gone into it just in terms of working out what the hell was going on - so I think a few missing diamond shaped boxes is forgivable ;-)
@_date: 2017-05-19 11:26:57
Any miner could hard fork at any time if they so desired. It's reasonable to assume that a miner wishing to do so would only do so if they were sure that they had a decent amount of support from other miners to follow them. What they consider a 'decent amount' is something only they would know and depend on their objective.
@_date: 2017-05-15 17:09:15
I know, and similarly, Core devs are always going to deliver the most optimised and safe solution to the users. 
So what's your point? Because the miners are always going to try and make the most money they can we should give in to their aggressive approach to controlling the network and degrade it's future scalability just so your transaction fee is a few cents less today? Bit short sighted isn't it?
Why are you asking here for a compromise? Core offered a solution with a 95% agreement for activation (quite open and very fair way to approach it - they could have said a far lesser % was needed but that's not how they operate). Meanwhile a small number of dominant miners ask other miners to support them just enough that they can block an actual scaling solution even though the [majority of nodes]( support SegWit and the [majority of the community]( also supports SegWit. 
I think the miners are the ones who need to be the ones to start compromising don't you? 
@_date: 2017-07-29 21:03:01
Those dates are from the chart showing the entire Bitcoin network hash rate for the existing (and only) chain.
So the first figure and link are to the total Bitcoin network hash rate (6,400,000 TH/s) and the second link in the original post is to the hash rate allocated to the BCC pool on ViaBTC.
So we convert both to the same unit (PH/s) and then we can see that the hash rate of the BCC pool is 0.26% of the hash rate of the entire network - based on those that have shown intent to mine the BCC chain on that ViaBTC pool - which is the only one I am aware of that has such a thing at this point... with not many days left until August 1st. There may be more who intend to mine on it but do not want that to be known for some reason.
@_date: 2017-05-22 06:21:48
I emphasised the incoming connections advice in the guide because it's good for a node to help seed other nodes that are coming online for the first time... and yes, the fact that they then add to the UASF stats also helps!
Are you suggesting I remove the emphasis on that part in the guide? I'm open to suggestions and I've already had a couple of people message me about help with port forwarding.
@_date: 2017-05-18 12:08:23
I don't subscribe to the 'hashrate is king' belief. Their shouldn't be a 'king' in a decentralise system. If there is then there is an issue.
 
Has rate is used to time-stamp transactions. Nodes validate transactions and the blocks that the time-stamping miners produce against the consensus rules that they (the nodes) enforce. 
The nodes are the things that put the 'peer' and 'decentralised' into Bitcoin's 'peer to peer decentralised network'.
That's my belief and why I got into Bitcoin. 
@_date: 2017-07-25 17:31:54
The OP was about Segwit2x. That has a second capacity increase planned just 90 days after Segwit's own.
I don't think an increased base block size if off the cards forever - I am not opposed to the idea of a HF to do that in the future if needed - but it has to be done right and there are plenty of other things that could go in a HF that (if well planned and timely) could benefit Bitcoin.
You scale when you need to and since the spam attacks have stopped - the mempool has been nearly empty, so we have time now and certainly will after Segwit - so why rush a HF in now and do one purely to just get a block size increase?!
@_date: 2017-07-27 12:22:32


This post has nothing to do with August 1st and the proposed BCC altcoin forking from Bitcoin... which I assume is what you are referring to?
This post is about Segwit activation signalling.
This period Segwit signalling should be 100% and within two weeks or less Segwit will move to locked in... where it's activation would then be inevitable.
The BCC stuff is another thing. There are a few posts on the front page specifically about that if you want more info.
@_date: 2017-05-22 06:29:32
Brilliantly​ put. Deserves its own post for visibility.
@_date: 2017-07-29 15:39:32
Whilst we're talking hypothetical potential take over attempts and tactics I'll add one just for fun...
Another reason for the Bitcoin Cash/UAHF - to create a chain that (by the time the sw2x fork fails) they will call 'the legacy chain' and shift to mining that saying it's 'Satoshi's Vision'. 
Roger has already stated that he'll do this during an [interview]( with 'Miss Bitcoin Mai' this week... but I can imagine others joining. I wonder which chain the bitcoin.com wallet they released will be on after August 1st.
@_date: 2017-07-10 21:12:53
That only works if 100% of miners support the hard fork and all agree to stop mining and wait. 
If there were miners that did not support the hard fork they could carry on mining blocks 1 MB or less and race ahead of the 'magic' block number.
The Segwit2x miners would then have to co-ordinate work to create that &gt; 1 MB transaction 'backlog' again or else sit there looking at a '[bad-blk-length-toosmall]( error message.
Easier just to manufacture transactions. Looking at the mempool build up in the month before the NYA and it's subsequent precipitous drop off following the signing of the agreement it would appear there are those out there skilled in the art of artificially inflating the transaction pool. Perhaps their help should be sought to help that special block get all the transactions it needs in the build up to the hard fork ;-)
It would damage their argument that big blocks are needed if they had to openly create transactions just to make a block &gt; 1 MB in size... so expect to see another steady rise in the transaction pool graph as we get closer to the Segwit Activation + 90 days hard fork trigger point... and listen to claims that transaction fees are killing bitcoin and we need to scale on-chain now or else etc. etc. etc. all over again.
@_date: 2017-07-27 17:39:41


You’re using quote marks to quote something I didn’t say.


You’re using quote marks to quote something I didn’t say.


That was never mentioned.
Can you see why I have had it with this comment thread?
@_date: 2017-07-27 08:34:06
ViaBTC's latest Twitter post about BCC:


@_date: 2017-07-10 07:22:18
The bet that includes the orphaning bit as well is just me trying to get a minor positive if there's a split on that day... I'd rather lose than win, all things considered.
My point above was that even if miners all signal on bit 1 for Segwit today we're still in period 18 and it's impossible for Segwit to activate in that period now. So we'd need at least two more retarget periods - one to move to lock in and then one more to move out of that and activate. So that's about a month. So no way we'll get Segwit by August 1st as the comment I replied to stated. All controlled by bip 9.
I just wanted to clarify that we're not actually getting Segwit on August 1st despite how much nicer that sounds than reality!  ;-)
@_date: 2017-07-27 16:48:49
Intelligent conversation isn't how I'd classify your output so far. 
Swearing and using all caps to get your opinions across.
Do you think you have come across as intelligent so far? I don't.
@_date: 2017-07-17 11:55:19
I see - because the Segwit2x code itself does nothing to ensure the signalling is tied to it's implementation. It will be interesting to see who is actually running code that orphans blocks that don't signal for Segwit if the 80% threshold is met by this signalling.
EDIT: ...and even them there's no way to tell if it's Segwit2x or BIP91 they are running.
@_date: 2017-07-10 06:36:06
It would work on both. You'd have those BTC on both chains.
There is still a risk of a transaction on one chain you make after the split being replayed on the other chain. Look at the 'Spending Bitcoins' and 'Receiving Bitcoins' sections of this:  and note the references to 'coin splitting services'
@_date: 2017-07-27 11:35:19
Yeah, two weeks is still plenty of time for... BCC to create an alt-coin, some more revelations about MtGox and BTC-e to surface whilst still leave plenty of time for more drama. You can say lots of things about Bitcoin but boring isn't one of them.
@_date: 2017-07-27 16:22:05


There will always be miners willing to take payment from users for the services they offer. That's because of economics.


Agreed. Again, economics.
The fact you have started 'phase two' of the troll handbook - starting to mention Satoshi and typing in CAPS means you are just a step away from saying 'original vision' and 'toxic core'... so I'll end this conversation here before I waste more of my time.
@_date: 2017-07-25 17:18:56
Whatever an attacker could spend on a 51% attack against hundreds of thousands of home mining setups they could spend on corrupting more centralised mining set ups.
@_date: 2017-07-29 18:02:03
I'm just stating facts based on where it is now.
95% of blocks over a 2016 period need to signal for Segwit activation. If the speed that blocks were produced slowed down it wouldn't change the actual % figures - it would just take longer to mine those blocks.
If they stopped signalling for Segwit on bit 1 they would be breaking the NYA... and with it lose the trust of the wider Bitcoin community, which wouldn't work well for them in garnering support for anything they then proposed to support - in my opinion.
@_date: 2017-05-16 14:14:15
I completely agree. BIP149 is a much safer way to do it but it comes with the need for patience. A positive to this may well be that we'll have a lot of time from now until July 2018 to raise awareness. 
When viewed as "it's like the existing SegWit deployment but if it reaches it's signalling end date and the miners haven't activated it it will activate anyway and be enforced by nodes" - it is very appealing.
As shaolinfry [points out]( - UASFs deployed over a long time and a decent flagday are perfectly safe - all soft forks are enforced by nodes, even if activation is normally triggered by hashpower.
@_date: 2017-07-25 16:31:04


No, they can't. 
I don't know how has told you that in your brief time in Reddit's Bitcoin subs... but I can make a good guess. You have the economics of the time-stamping service completely upside down.
@_date: 2017-05-21 05:42:47
Thanks - saved me the effort!
I'm not sure if explaining Bitcoin to a 5 year old is even possible... maybe ELI10 would be a better target ;-)
@_date: 2017-05-15 12:50:06
Yeah - I wasn't saying that now isn't the time to buy - I just wondered what that was based on. 
I have bought at a low price in the past (lets say $x). The price fell a little then very slowly started to rise and at x + $100 I thought:


...then when there was no dip of any significance I ended up buying again at x + $200. 
Then at x + $300 I thought:


...then when there was no dip of any significance I ended up buying again at x + $400.
this repeats and you get the picture ;-)
Whatever you do I hope it works out and suits your needs!
@_date: 2017-07-17 19:23:32
I'll take accurate content over fancy presentation on this one. Or a decent steak slapped on a plate over a very finely carved mini carrot sculpture on a bed of edible flowers... to keep the food theme going ;-)
@_date: 2017-07-24 13:36:37


...a great name for a band!
"Zero Coherence - featuring Jeff Garzik on flute and Gavin Andresen on tambourine".
@_date: 2017-07-17 07:29:20
Bit early to say that ;-)
They need to signal bit 4 in 80%+ of blocks over one of the Segwit2x activation periods to actually activate Segwit2x and it will then start orphaning non-Segwit signalling blocks.
@_date: 2017-07-25 09:55:54
All changes to Bitcoin have to be reached by majority consensus. 
This doesn't mean majority of hash power, it means majority of users and nodes. It all comes down to economic support in a sense. If the majority of users do not want to follow a hard fork any miners that do fork will find themselves excluded from the economic benefits that the majority of users are contributing to Bitcoin. That is their choice, they can fork if they want to but they would be creating an alt-coin based on Bitcoin's existing transaction history.
The article I have linked to explains that Segwit2x and (to a large degree) BIP 91 are intended only for miners to run. The activation of Segwit via one of these proposals will be the first Miner Enforced Soft Fork (MESF) in Bitcoin but it has been brought about by the pressure that the User Accepted Soft Fork (UASF) applied to them to activate Segwit.
The activation of Segwit itself through the proposals in the chart will activate Segwit for the existing Bitcoin chain. You need do nothing at this stage in order to benefit from that but you may wish to run a UASF node in the meantime to keep the pressure on the miners to remain honest to their publicly made intention to activate Segwit.
@_date: 2017-05-09 08:14:20
Does anyone seriously think this is a viable competitor to Core? Getting ready for the BU supporters to rally round again and:
* Say it's because of 'core code' they inherited (even though the core nodes aren't crashing).
* Blame it on a DDOS attack (even though Bitcoin should be resistant to these).
* Claim that this is actually good for BU because it helps them find and fix bugs (i.e. testing their code in live is apparently ok).
* If none of the above work just post about Dragon's Den and AXA and shout about cen50rsh1p and other things that have no relation to the bugs in their code to distract attention away from the real event.
EDIT: and it's begun - "Bitcoin Unlimited nodes being **attacked** again?" top post on r / btc.
Comments within: 
"Thanks for the bug testing, NorthCorea." (point 3)
"Blockstream spending a fair bit of money denial of servicing BU nodes." (point 2 and 4)
"Your understanding of Bitcoin is supporting the cyber terror movement called BSCore which is attacking Bitcoin by cen50rsh1p, slander and DDoSing of their competitors." (point 2 and 4)
@_date: 2017-05-18 11:23:58


Perhaps the solution is that the majority of users and businesses that want SegWit will get it by August 1st by supporting a UASF though BIP148.
[83% of nodes]( support SegWit.
[87% of businesses]( support or are prepared for SegWit.
They could all have it by August 1st if they supported a UASF.
@_date: 2017-07-26 18:19:36
OK, we're ready for the Bitcoin movie now... 
...needs to be a trilogy already.
@_date: 2017-07-15 09:12:54
I didn't talk about if the hard fork will come about, succeed or not. What relevance does your comment have to my post?
The point of the post was to highlight that because Segwit2x doesn't check anything other than if Segwit has activated in order to then activate 90 days later it could technically happen without Segwit2x even activating itself.
@_date: 2017-07-20 15:24:49
Raspberry Pi users who have compiled from source code can update to v1.0 by following [this]( guide and skipping to the "Updating an existing Pi Bitcoin node to run UASF BIP 148" section.
@_date: 2017-05-18 13:40:23
Good for you! 
Doing it already here :-)
I'm running the actual code but if you want to show support until then:
You can just add this to a shortcut - create a shortcut (or edit the existing one you use) and add this to the end:
i.e. just add the property to the end like this:
"C:\Program Files\Bitcoin\bitcoin-qt.exe" -uacomment=UASF-SegWit-BIP148 if you are using Windows.
You can also just add uacomment to your bitcoin.conf file:
Then you can check to see how your node is signalling at  which should show something like: xxx.xxx.xxx.xxx:8333 /Satoshi:0.14.1(UASF-SegWit-BIP148)/
If your node has synced and doesn't show using the link above make sure to enable forwarding of port 8333 so you accept incoming connections - in your client: go into settings / network and tick enable incoming connections and use UPnP. You might have to add it to your firewall if this doesn't work.
@_date: 2017-07-21 20:59:50
We're not at the finish line yet then but credit where it's due... it looks like the 'consequences be damned' game theory has worked out nicely. I'll always try and be less moderate in future now ;-)
@_date: 2017-05-27 21:07:51
Their economic interest is to keep fees at a level that enables them to make profits from fees. The original design of the rate of Bitcoin reward halving through mining was that over time:


Source: 
That can't happen if you just arbitrarily increase the block size so that there is no competitive fee market.


They *should* have, but when they have something like ASICBoost that financially incentivises them to block any change that prevents it's use they are operating against the networks best interest. 
@_date: 2017-07-27 11:59:45
DANG! you are right - should be 479808 and 481824!
Flipping copy and paste error trying to get the dotted lines right!
Thanks for pointing out - can't change the image here now unfortunately.
@_date: 2017-05-22 05:47:38
Why thank you very much!
@_date: 2017-07-17 14:55:34
Credit: 
Eric Wall‏
Hampus Sjöberg
Tomislav Dugandzic
@_date: 2017-07-25 09:26:00
Why thank you!
@_date: 2017-07-17 11:16:30
I'm intrigued by your 'red touch black' and 'red touch yellow' comments ;-)
AntPool are signalling bit 4 only (your 'good for jack') and others who signal bit 1 and bit 4 are your 'kill a fellow'.
I have assumed that a signal of bit 4 only was to avoid calls from the community that miners should have just signalled bit 1 all along - so they signal bit 4 only until Segwit2x activates to avoid this contention.
Why do you think one is ok and the other is not?
EDIT: not that that is ok - avoiding signalling bit 1 just to avoid community derision at this stage.
@_date: 2017-07-27 11:31:59
LOL - yep, they were summoned by the 666th fork though - so even worse as that means they are just a minion ;-)
@_date: 2017-07-07 19:31:18
I'm just working on the soundtrack ;-)
@_date: 2017-07-27 12:50:36
... Worth noting that the are going to be significantly less users on BCC. Even just going by hash power as a very very loose indicator... and most of the users will be those cashing out BCC whilst they can.
@_date: 2017-07-25 09:44:58
Aside from the issue of a block chain that expands at a greater rate there is the potentially greater risk that the creators of Segwit2x are trying to take control of the reference Bitcoin client (node software) development. Along with their current dominance of the mining business this would place too much power in the hands of a relatively small group.
The main contributors to the Bitcoin Core project have [all expressed]( that they do not support the Segwit2x proposal. So if Segwit2x advocates do hard fork in November they would expect you to run their version of the Bitcoin client in order to follow that chain. 
Anyone who keeps running the Core client will not follow that hard fork. 
I for one will not be following the proposed hard fork in November, or the 'Bitcoin Cash' one proposed for August 1st either. Neither did I support XT, Classic, BU or any of the past individual failed attempts to bring about a hard fork of the network.
@_date: 2017-07-17 08:30:44
It's hard to keep up because there are so many variants and potential routes and scenarios! It's like a full time job keeping up so I understand the confusion people have.
...I've got RSI from typing 'orphaning blocks that don't signal for Segwit activation using bit 1' so many times ;-)
@_date: 2017-07-27 15:54:00
You do realise that miners get paid by users to perform a time-stamping service and that without users buying the coins they mine they would go out of business? 
I'm not getting into another discussion with someone who doesn't understand the way Bitcoin works. 
If you are so convinced in 'miner power' crack on with hard forking, no-one is stopping you... only the actual economic incentives behind the idea.
@_date: 2017-07-25 11:08:09


And they can't make any money if they fork off from the consensus rules that the vast majority of economically active nodes are following! 
What do you think they will do - sit there spending money on electricity with no transactions to process and nobody able to buy the coins they mine?  I and many others would lose nothing by sitting on our Bitcoin if hash power forked from consensus whereas the miners would lose money every day without users. How long do you think it would take before the economics you refer to would pull some miners back to the consensus rules the majority of nodes run?! Not long!
The node I run isn't running it's own set of consensus rules - it's running the same as the vast majority of nodes on the network by the way so referring to my node in isolation is pointless.
You have it all the wrong way round...
Mining is a time-stamping service that miners perform and get paid for by users in the fees they pay miners in order to compensate them for the electricity they spent creating a block. The white paper wasn't a blueprint for a machine that hashes quickly which people then wrote software for that would use that hash power. You have the economics and incentives backwards.


Not personally - but I also haven't experienced a bank withholding my funds or being forced through a 'bail-in' - that doesn't stop me from wanting to hold Bitcoin and not just put all my savings in the bank. Trust - in the context of aiming to remove the need for it - is mentioned 14 times [here]( It's a good read.
I'll think we'll leave it there then as we'll just waste each others time going back and forth on this as I fundamentally disagree with the whole 'hash power is king' rubbish.
@_date: 2017-07-17 18:03:36
I should have said - Taken from 
@_date: 2017-07-27 17:57:29
Is that what we're doing now? "My Dad's car is faster than your Dad's car"?
Well done, you have confirmed my earlier suspicions.
Happy Hard Fork! :-)
@_date: 2017-07-09 11:21:48
It's a quote from a wider statement - his point is that the Segwit2x HF doesn't have entire ecosystem support - just from whatever businesses singed the New York agreement - which they did before they had seen even a line of code.
It wasn't just a stand alone statement. Maybe I should have put a better title on the post to be fair ;-) 
We can't just hard fork the protocol to support the business model of current Bitcoin companies.
@_date: 2017-07-27 11:11:42
These next two weeks will seem like a long time!
@_date: 2017-07-17 06:20:37
When asked if they will still signal BIP 91 (bit 4 signalling in support of Segwit2x) they replied: "We will":
@_date: 2016-07-04 19:09:01
Good idea, I'll delete it now, hang on... she's coming in the room... she must want me to carve the meat for dinner because she holding a big knife...gotta go.
@_date: 2017-07-08 06:03:32
Thanks for the link. Here's [another]( great video by Aussie maths teacher Eddie Woo that explains RSA encryption's public and private key and manages to make it seem simple by walking you through the maths involved using simple examples.
EDIT: link fix
@_date: 2017-07-27 15:18:45
Thanks very much!
@_date: 2017-07-25 16:37:14


I did say that I would not reply again but - are you serious?!?! 
Their running costs were a lot lower then because the difficulty was lower and there was less mining rigs to buy and power. Do you think they have been mining at a loss for 3 years and are only now making profits? Oh my!


No it isn't - Bitcoin has been under attack and a massive honeypot for these 'attacks' since the day it achieved a market cap of any significance - when the hash rate was much lower. A switch to a PoW that the hundreds of thousands of Bitcoin users (maybe more?) could run at home would be very secure. It would be far more decentralised for one thing and remove the risk of state intervention in a mining business - for example.
@_date: 2017-07-27 13:23:36
I've attempted to explain it [here]( if that helps. Segwit activation, Segwit2x, BIP 91, UASF, compatibility etc.
@_date: 2016-07-05 05:31:20
It currently is yes but in terms of the OP's question as to what form the next Monetary Policy would take - it's possible that the SDR (which will in October 2016 include the Yuan along with four other currencies) will be backed by Gold reserves or at least by currencies who hold a relatively high GDP/Gold ratio. The Chinese have been buying Gold like no other country over recent years in order to cover their exposure to the Dollar and to potentially back their own currency. The IMF Issued an additional 182 Billion SDRs in 2009 (on top of the 21 Billion already in existence by then) to provide liquidity to the global financial system. So if they relied on it in the last crash they likely will again but in greater magnitude.
It's explained better [here](
 (page content from Jim Rickards).
@_date: 2017-05-19 05:45:11
I was just saying that not all miners are opposed to SegWit - but yes, current signalling is for the existing condition of deployment and we're currently not sure how many would follow a UASF chain.
@_date: 2017-05-28 18:35:58


Are those figures you have brought back from the future based upon a technical review of the fee market to share with us... 
...or are you in fact *not* a time traveller and are these just arbitrary numbers you have plucked out of thin air because they support your argument?! 
@_date: 2017-05-15 17:33:12
I agree but before they go ahead and add it they will want to see community support for it. Imagine the backlash if they added it without a high percentage of nodes signalling support for it.
So my node (also a Pi) is signalling for BIP 149 right now and I hope more people signal and support it. I think BIP 149 via BIP 8 are the [way to go](
@_date: 2016-07-06 06:01:11
It's a bit:
    10  Print "Hello World!"
    20  GOTO 10
    RUN
@_date: 2017-05-24 19:32:36


Nope - a he's full on UASF BIP 148 supporter and Segwit BIP 141 supporter, you have misread his tweet. Not sure if I'm missing the fact you did that deliberately but:
His latest tweet for example:


@_date: 2017-05-20 06:23:29
Same here. I expect the developers of popular walllets to look to the community for what features they should support, not to just look at support ticket count. If that's the case we'd have to start logging thousands of support tickets between us every time a new feature is proposed.
@_date: 2016-07-06 11:11:03
The transaction fee is set by the person sending the transaction and won't be directly changed because of the halving event. 
I would imagine that *if* there were less miners after the halving because the halving of the reward makes some of them unable to operate in a financially beneficial way then people would need to increase the fees they added to each transaction in order to get it processed in the same amount of time they are currently used to. This is because miners tend to pick transactions with higher fees in them when they process them.
Bear in mind that if there was a drop off in mining power following the halving and block mining times went up then the difficulty of mining each block would (in time) drop in line with the predetermined algorithms within the Bitcoin code. It is designed so that in time it balances itself out in terms of mining power versus block difficulty, aiming for about 10 minutes a block.
@_date: 2017-05-19 06:27:45
It's a scenario that assumes that the majority of users would like SegWit as a scaling solution. I think that is true and would like the users in Bitcoin's Peer-to-Peer, decentralised network to not have to rely on a central authority to tell them what they can have. I am in Bitcoin for the long term and didn't buy in to it to 'make a quick buck'. I (and many others I hope) am prepared to stand up for the decentralised nature of it, that's all.
@_date: 2017-05-24 08:06:30


UASF - Hammer Time!
(I'm going to have MC Hammer playing in my head all day long now) ;-)
@_date: 2019-05-03 19:46:40


(It has, in terms of confirmed txs)
Edit - that is what the blue overlay is, confirmed txs. The number of unconfirmed txs are not as high because blocks can flex larger. In my tweet I said "Segwit has helped..." by the way.
@_date: 2017-07-01 12:36:09
Me to.
@_date: 2017-07-25 11:47:16
If you seem to be so sure in all this I assume you'll be one of the first in line to exchange all your BTC for BCC then? LOL
@_date: 2017-07-09 17:33:52
I don't know what their policy is regarding the UASF or the proposed Segwit2x hard fork. I can't really advise what to do as it's a personal choice.
Either way - maybe you could spend some time looking at off-line solutions, that may be a better use of your time if you can't wrap your head around the different proposals and the possible outcomes etc. If you hold Bitcoin on something like a paper wallet you will not lose them of there is a split - they will exist on both chains. There are things to know about how to use paper wallets - so read up what 'sweeping' a paper wallet is for example. That's not the only way to do it though - I'm sure people have done guides on 'sitting it out' - perhaps have a look for one of them?
@_date: 2017-07-25 18:26:55
Regardless - you know the point I was making - which you have chosen to ignore in it's entirety (of course) as it doesn't not suit your forced narrative.
@_date: 2017-07-07 18:16:16
Taken from [Explaining the Segwit2x Hard Fork and Bitmain’s UAHF]( which follows on from [UASF, Segwit2x and Segwit Signalling Explained]( and [Explaining Segwit2X and BIP 148 (UASF) compatibility](
EDIT: The articles present an overview of the activation, signalling and time frames of each proposal. I try and refrain from placing personal opinions in them and do not comment on the politics behind each proposal... although I personally support the UASF.
@_date: 2017-05-19 19:09:45
I do and have done for some time... long enough to know that the users of the Bitcoin network (the Peers in Bitcoins 'Peer-to-Peer decentralised network') should be the ones that are able to activate the changes they want and not have to rely on centralised authority 'handing down' solutions to them.
I am in it for the long term and a change to how the activation process works is needed in order to enable future progress to be made.
Besides - It shouldn't matter either way, if only those with a large holding of Bitcoin are allowed to voice opinion then you are setting up a shareholder type set up and that doesn't bode very well for the potential Bitcoin has to become a global monetary system does it?
Think ahead and not about the short term price unless you only got into Bitcoin to make a 'quick buck'.
@_date: 2017-07-25 18:08:32


Click the '1 Year' button below the chart.
Does that look like natural use to you?
Look at the chart [here](
Look at the rise of the size of the mempool in the build up to the New York Agreement. Look at the fall off after it was signed.
And the links you provide to show that it is not 'spam' but real use that we are just calling spam.... have all those businesses gone out of business since the NYA was signed then? Huge coincidence if they did. 
Either that or the mempool was being artificially inflated to support a narrative that folk such as yourself buy into and now resort to saying 'toxic core' (sigh). So now is about the time when you need to type 'blockstreamcore shill axa northcorean c3nsosh1p' and run off to do other trolling work. I typed it out for you so you can just copy and paste it because I'm nice like that.
@_date: 2017-07-15 10:00:15
I wasn't arguing about it. I was pointing something out. ¯\ _(ツ)_ /¯
There isn't 'no economic base' for it. I (and it sounds like you as well) won't be buying into it but I'm sure there are those who would.
I personally don't think the HF will happen. The OP points out another route to Segwit activating through the UASF chain is all... with assistance from SegWit2X support... as odd as that seems, it is possible.
@_date: 2016-07-06 04:57:17
Agreed but I didn't want to seem too negative and 'poop the party' ;-)
From what I read in some posts I think people expect the reduction in supply to cause market makers to react at the time of the event when they will have already will priced it in. I believe it's called 'Dow Theory' but wouldn't profess to be able to provide a better explanation than a bit of Goolging could.
@_date: 2016-07-24 17:53:34
Because not everyone feels the same way as the OP. People who think that bigger block sizes would mitigate current transaction issues for example.
@_date: 2017-07-25 16:21:11
What would miners do with 0 FIAT when they had to pay their bills? If the time-stamp servers had nothing to time-stamp they would effectively stop performing the service they are paid to perform.
What don't you get about the pressure being on the miners and not the holders of Bitcoin?
Anyway - that's enough pointless to and fro for me over this topic.
We'll see what happens in November.
EDIT: ...you know what a PoW change is don't you? It's effectively the users becoming dissatisfied with the service they are getting from the time-stamp service and changing it to another provider.
@_date: 2017-05-22 10:17:07


I've read the post you linked (indirectly) to and have issues with things like:
"Some speculate that Blockstream is..." and then "It will be hard to have full trust in them after propping a chain-splitting [BIP148] SegWit-only solution" and "why did Blockstream opt to back a very risky [BIP148] disguised hard fork over community-consensus"
Where on earth are they getting the 'Core and blockstream support a UASF' from exactly?! If Core supported BIP 148 it would be game over, job done! UASF complete!
The whole point of the UASF is the USER bit - so how can the post claim that UASF is against 'community-consensus' - it literally depends on **exactly** that - community consensus!!!!!
@_date: 2017-05-17 12:29:14
Quick (and potentially dumb) question:
If I'm already running Core 0.14.1 that I compiled in much the same way as above will this overwrite that version?
Basically - bitcoin-qt and bitcoind are currently run from /usr/local/bin/ - if I build 0.14-BIP148 as above is there a way to preserve the original so I can swap back easily for testing etc?
@_date: 2016-07-06 05:39:08


This is a good point. There would be a case for miners to keep mining for weeks after the halving even at a fair loss in order to keep the bitcoin price from crashing as they likely hold a lot of them as company profits.
@_date: 2016-07-06 05:00:23


HA HA! Très amusant! The ultimate geek get together. I'm not knocking them too much - I used to derive a sense of relaxation from watching a hard drive defrag!
@_date: 2016-07-11 06:19:39
Sorry to be dumb and I might be missing something but is there a way in circle to buy bitcoin directly and then send it to another bitcoin address? It seems to be a platform for sending fiat to someone but using Bitcoin to do the transfer. Thanks.
@_date: 2017-05-19 20:46:48
So you are avoiding the question again?
You said:


Why did you say that? What was your point? I think it was to make out that people who don't own many Bitcoin aren't important and that all those 'unimportant' people are the ones supporting BIP148 UASF which you can not prove and are wrong on both counts.
It seems like you are now embarrassed by being picked up on it and are just dodging the question ;-)
@_date: 2017-05-15 17:22:41
Right - thanks for taking the time to explain. 
The wasted dev time is frustrating I agree. I'm becoming more in favour of a BIP 149/8 UASF personally. Until then the fees are annoying but I don't think we're at a point where they are seriously hurting Bitcoin and think we have time to wait for a UASF - as shown by the rising price, but I do see your point and appreciate the civil response.
@_date: 2016-07-05 13:52:12
You are of course right. On reflection I think I was trying to share my interest in how it all works and not just do what she needs - explain how to get at it!
@_date: 2017-07-29 19:36:40
It doesn't expire on a set date but a block height.
The last period (26) is from block 489888 to 491904.
See  for ref.
@_date: 2016-07-06 04:49:32
Yep, that was the intention - to send again but this time with a fee in the hope that the 'with fee' transaction got picked up and my bitcoin weren't stuck in an unconfirmed state. I think the box was checked initially to 'send with no fee if possible' because the last time I moved any bitcoin that worked within a few minutes - that was well over a year ago mind you and I guess the mining landscape was different then!
@_date: 2017-06-18 07:59:07
Right - thanks for clarifying. I read it as if you were referring to the HF  that's coded into Segwit2X to happen ~3 months after Segwit activates.
@_date: 2017-06-20 06:07:25
Nice write up by that answers your question [here](
@_date: 2017-05-11 17:29:47
This doesn't really answer your question - but is perhaps the situation you are in: 
@_date: 2016-07-11 14:19:14
Very good, very little mark up over the exchange price on coinfloor (I used to buy Bitcoins there) and a hell of a lot easier and quicker than having to send an international bank payment to cf's czechoslovakian bank account or wherever it is now! Their marketplace prices are too high as well so this is perfect. I'm also almost glad that there is an initial £200 a week cap on depositing as I can spread my purchases out and won't feel bad if the market drops as I can pick some cheaper coins up next week... if the price goes up a lot by this time next week I'm less likely to be happy about the limit though ;-)
@_date: 2016-07-05 11:04:23
Thanks woffen. I'm trying to sweep it (see last comment) but it says the amount to sweep is 0 mBTC. I am glad I used a small amount as a test first. Any idea why it's saying 0? Does it need a certain amount of confirmations first (currently on 6). There are btc in the public address. (worried)
EDIT - did manual private key import into Bitcoin QT in the end then re-sent to a new paper address. Have since used Mycelium wallet app and that swept the paper wallet just fine whilst Bitcoin app was still refusing to read funds from paper wallets. Odd.
@_date: 2016-07-04 16:35:00
Fair point. I think the rambling nature of it was in part me trying to explain why I am so fascinated by it. She won't listen when I try and tell her about it now so perhaps I was hoping that my death would give her a bit of "sadness patience" ;-)
@_date: 2016-07-11 06:36:40
I can't even see a 'buy bitcoin' option though. Again - probably me missing something - do I need to add funds in GBP first to see the option? Sorry to ask you all this - I probably should be pestering Circle helpdesk instead ;-) I have tried their FAQ but nothing about it there.
EDIT: looks like I have to load my card details first then I should have the option. Thanks.
@_date: 2016-07-06 12:13:52
Sorry - my comment reads as very 'snarky' now I have woken up a bit. You make a good point and I like the idea of the weighted average.
@_date: 2019-05-07 09:46:57
Based on?
@_date: 2017-06-15 13:31:52


Nope. Sorry! ;-)
So... pardon if this turns out to be lengthy:
Segwit (BIP 141) was released under the activation method of BIP 9. Bip 9 requires that 95% of blocks be produced with a flag set to signal that miners are ready for it in order to activate BIP 141. Currently about 30% are doing this. BIP 9 was devised to ensure that a soft fork did not cause disruption on the network and would only activate when enough miners had said they were ready for it. It was not designed as a voting system for miners to veto the change itself but that is what has happened.
As of version 13.1 of the Bitcoin Core client nodes have been Segwit ready but are waiting for BIP 9 to trigger and activate it. So the vast majority of Bitcoin nodes are ready and waiting but the miners are not signalling in great enough numbers to actually activate it.
If 95% of the blocks produced (and after a set lock in period) signalled Sewgit before it's activation period (November 16th 2017) it would activate on all Segwit ready nodes. Bitcoin would have Segwit. As direct miner activation through BIP 9 signalling is not going to happen looking at the current state of play (95% of blocks needng to signal it) there are two other ways proposed to activate it. Both still use BIP 9 but with a few cheeky changes to how that 95% is achieved!...
**UASF (BIP 148)**
As of August 1st nodes that run BIP 148 will not accept any blocks that don't signal Segwit if Segwit itself is not already live. This will cause a chain split with non-148 nodes extending the chain that includes non-Segwit signalling blocks as well as those signalling for it. BIP 148 nodes will *only* accept blocks that signal Segwit. Worth noting that they will only accept blocks built on top of their chain and not the same segwit signalling blocks the other chain accepts... but that discussion is beyond the scope of this comment. With every block on it's chain signalling Segwit the BIP 148 (UASF) chain will have 100% of blocks signalling BIP 9 activation of Segwit - over the 95% needed by the BIP 9 rules and so Segwit activates on the BIP 148 chain and it's nodes.
**Segwit2X** [Latest Pull Request](
This tries a similar trick but first relies on 80% of miners saying they are ready and support it. Here another signalling bit is used (Bit 4) first before the actual Segwit BIP 9 bit. The Segwit2X code run by miners sets out hat once 80% of blocks that they mine are signalling bit 4 they (the 80+%) will then orphan any blocks that don't signal Segwit under the BIP 9 rule. The net result is that 100% of blocks they mine are then signalling Segwit and BIP 9's 95% activation threshold is triggered. Because this activates Segwit under BIP 9 all existing Segwit ready nodes then get Segwit.
**BIP 148 (UASF) and Segwit2X 'compatibility'**
When people talk about Segwit2X being BIP 148 (UASF) compatible it means that they expect Segwit2X to have triggered the 'everyone must mine Segwit signalling blocks' rule so that either:
(1) Segwit is already active (and bip 148 won't trigger at all) or 
(2) Every block is already signalling Segwit and preparing for it's lock in period to finish and make Segwit live - and so BIP 148 may well activate but because every block is already signalling Segwit it has no need to split off on it's own chain.
Hope that made sense!
EDIT: I forgot to mention the HF aspect of Segwit2X - this is defined as happening at a set point in the future after the activation of Segwit to be enforced by the nodes running Segwit2X. If Segwit is activated on the main chain for all existing Segwit ready nodes and only the miners are actually running Segwit2X code it will be miners who are getting ready to Hard Fork to a bigger block size. Whether the community will follow suit is a whole different discussion!
@_date: 2017-06-20 17:29:19
I'm hoping a fair number of them are supporting it to get Segwit activated and then will revert their Segwit2X nodes back to Core after Segwit activates and opt out of the Hard fork part 3 months later.
@_date: 2016-07-04 20:24:20
Having my assets seized by the government - in particular my Gold.
I found out about Bitcoin whilst reading up on Gold - which I used to channel my savings into before I got into Bitcoin. (still hodl Gold though). So I got into global economics/how the monetary system works (arguably doesn't that well) when reading about Gold but am now concerned that Gold can be seized by government order, so only now buy Bitcoin.
Whereas I used to bang on about Gold to my friends and family they now get bored of me banging on about Bitcoin!
Biggest blocker to any of them buying Bitcoin over gold is it's a lot harder to buy Bitcoin in the UK compared to gold - more steps needed to buy and hold it. This will change in time I guess, but I keep telling them it might be too late by then.
@_date: 2017-05-02 10:07:22
That's a fair point! ;-)
@_date: 2017-05-18 19:27:05
It isn't - SegWit and UASF BIP148 are soft forks. There could be a chain split though which is where your confusion arises I guess :-)
@_date: 2017-05-24 19:34:51
Also good: 
@_date: 2017-06-19 16:01:59


No. 
They don't understand some of the signature data in Segwit blocks - but they don't reject them as they are still considered valid.
Segwit was designed to be backwards compatible with versions of Core previous to Segwit (0.13.1). 
You can still use those old nodes to send and receive Bitcoin and your transactions can still be included in a Segwit block. A 'Segwit' block doesn't mean all transactions in it are Segwit style where the signature data is moved to the witness data - it just means that it permits that if required.
@_date: 2017-07-18 07:52:59
Just to be clear - this was created by the following as I mentioned elsewhere - didn't realise I couldn't add a comment to a post with just an image in it initially.
Eric Wall‏
Hampus Sjöberg
Tomislav Dugandzic
@_date: 2016-07-05 10:49:53
Thanks - so it will be deducted from the (example) 1 BTC in the paper wallet so I'd end up with 1 BTC minus the fee in the receiving walet?
@_date: 2017-06-18 06:14:28


Just to clarify - it's two things; the proposed activation of Segwit (BIP 141) via BIP 9 activation... followed 3 months later by a Hard Fork *only* if Segwit has been activated. You would have to change your node to a Segwit2X compatible version *only* if you wanted to follow the HF. If you didn't you would still get Segwit (BIP 141) activated by BIP 9 on the main chain. I personally won't be partaking in the HF ;-)
But yes, I agree 100% with the sentiment to continue with UASF as it's the only proposal that has a hard date for activation and is clearly having an impact on miners. 
UASF is the huge safety net that covers us if the miners fail to activate Segwit through Segwit2X or whatever else they propose before August 1st.
@_date: 2016-07-05 17:23:24


+1 for that.
@_date: 2016-07-11 05:37:23
Cheers for that. I'm interested in the debit card payment options and the cheapest looks like Circle at the minute. Anyone in the UK used Cirlce and is it really just a simple debit card payment? Is the sign up one of those where you have to submit your passport details etc? Cheers.
@_date: 2016-07-10 19:11:34
Good point. I guess it comes down to weighing up if it's better to buy Bitcoin and hope the price rises or mine and hope the price keeps you profitable?
@_date: 2017-06-15 18:51:58
Thanks for explaining your points.


Why do you keep say this? You don't need to do a UASF in 3 months time if Segwit2X activates Segwit - you need to DO NOTHING in order to not join the miner's HF chain. All existing Core nodes version 13.1 and above out there need do nothing to get Segwit if Segwit2X activates Segwit. They also need to do nothing to stay on the main chain (which then has Segwit and can't be 'deactivated' or anything) if miners do then decide to HF off to an alt-coin for a little bit (if they are that dumb to actually go through with it) before they realise it has no economic value.
What do you think another UASF would be needed for???
I know what you mean about having -bip148 in core though as it would make the UASF safety net even bigger in case they don't activate Segwit via Segwit2X.
If the miners actually run Segwit2X and activate Segwit before August 1st - great, the UASF won't split the chain as there won't be any need to as it's goals are accomplished - BIP 141 Segwit (original Segwit if you like) will be active on the main chain. If they don't the UASF is still going to continue as planned anyway and will until it's goals are achieved. 
If the miners activate Segwit then say they are going to HF a month later - let them see how that is received because I'm betting it wont go anywhere because very few people are likely to run their alt-coin protocol code.
Then months later on Bitcoin's main chain with Segwit active and no miner block size increase and no ASICBoost advantage we can see how Segwit, LN etc affects transaction fees and the performance of nodes on the network then we can look at scaling again if (and only if) it is needed. 
Then we never ever use BIP 9 again and use BIP 8 to implement Soft Forks in the future. 
EDIT: I just noticed you called it 'FrankenSegWit' above somewhere. The latest Segwit2X accepts activating BIP 141 Segwit (proper Segwit if you like). See here for the latest pull request (from James Hilliard) by the way:  positive responses in most so far. Jeff Garzik and Gavin Andresen even gave it the thumbs up.
@_date: 2017-05-18 20:50:18
Not ideal no - better if the current SegWit deployment had already been activated by the miners signalling over 95% but that's not realistic and every other option is just a delay.
I am mostly opposed to the current situation whereby users who have accepted a change (want SegWit) to the Peer-to-Peer decentralised network they use can't use it because of whatever reason the small number of miners who are blocking it have. **User Accepted** just seems the right way to do things on Bitcoin and I'd rather a **Soft Fork** over a hard fork for sure!
@_date: 2016-07-14 11:40:18
The OneCoin "hashing algorithm" used to double the amount of coins already held by OneCoin members:
=A1 * 2
Some pretty complex cryptography going on in Excel there ;-)
@_date: 2016-07-05 06:14:01


This is one of my biggest concerns as well - if general adoption isn't high enough by the time the halvings have reduced the number of Bitcoin released by means of mining rewards the amount they get from fees could be too low to keep them going.
Miner rigs will be more energy efficient by then of course and Bitcoin could be worth much more and even small fees could be worth mining for, plus there will be many more changes to bitcoin in the future that we can't predict now. 
Miners who hold their Bitcoin wont want to see the system collapse so may even run their operations at a loss in the future to keep the system running and maintain the value they hold in Bitcoin.
Basically - who knows! That's part of the risk in Bitcoin investment and why it's exciting to see it grow and evolve.
@_date: 2017-06-19 16:04:21
Hey, 3 words in is better than 2 or 1 so i'll take it ;-)
@_date: 2017-06-20 07:29:54
The article is wrong.
Only bit 4 counts towards the 80% activation threshold.
You can check for yourself here: 
@_date: 2017-06-30 06:10:41
An explanation of Segwit2x, UASF and Segwit signalling [here](
How Segwit2x and UASF can be compatible [here](
@_date: 2017-06-01 05:42:36
Just to clarify for people reading this - 
I think you mean that any transaction from one address to another on the non-148 chain that weren't also included in a block mined on the 148 chain will essentially 'rewind' because of the reorg. 
So if you buy coins (even ones that were mined *before* the split) on the non-148 chain in a transaction and that transaction was not also included in a block on the 148 chain and the non-148 chain was reorganised (wiped out/rewound) the transaction that transferred ownership of those coins to you will no longer exist in a valid block - and you now don't own the Bitcoin it transferred to you.
Coins created through the mining reward on the non-148 chain would also no longer be valid on the 148 chain so any subsequent transactions referring to them would be invalidated. Coins created through mining (called the coinbase reward) need a block depth of 100 before they can be used in the input of a transaction in any case.
@_date: 2016-07-10 16:33:15
Yep. I wasn't 'having a pop' at Bitcoin by the way, just making light of the more centralised mining now-a-days.
@_date: 2016-07-06 16:03:56
Thanks for the detailed reply. Makes sense now.
@_date: 2016-07-10 16:12:32
Can they be profitable with general 'home rate' electricity costs after the halving? I'm not being contentious or questioning your personal experience here by the way - it's a genuine question as I have picked up the impression from various places that this isn't the case, likely the same situation for the 'endless' other people you mention who read the same popular forums.
It is obviously commercially profitable (mostly) in regions that have access to dirt cheap power but I mentioned the home in particular - where it seems that you would be unlikely to ever recoup your investment and power costs now, which is why most of the mining is done in huge Chinese Bitcoin mines. Again, not disputing what you say if this isn't the case (and happy to hear how it can be done).
@_date: 2016-07-05 13:46:32
This is what I did in the end. Thanks for everyone's help and advice.
I imported the private key on the paper wallet into Bitcoin qt and I have the bitcoin back. The 'sweep' was just not working on the Bitcoin mobile app - I wonder if this was because the transaction that fed into that address was part of a double spend issue (caused by myself yesterday when I neglected to add a fee to a transaction, restored my wallet and then re-sent with a fee).
@_date: 2017-06-17 16:59:05
Don't worry - as soon as you understand something in Bitcoin... it will have already changed anyway! ;-)
@_date: 2016-07-23 05:28:17
This is brilliant - explains the origins of cryptocurrency and moves into explaining Bitcoin in an easy to read style. Explains the mechanics of it all without the need for code examples. It's the best I've found so far and is an enjoyable read. Enjoy your holiday.
[Princeton Bitcoin book](
@_date: 2017-06-17 06:01:26
I think you might be referring to Jihan's recent announcement that he will privately mine a chain if 148 succeeds? My post was about Segwit2X​ and the hard fork coded into that...


@_date: 2017-06-19 14:27:19
They are trying to get the orphaning of non-Segwit signalling blocks to start before August 1st (UASF day). That would avoid a chain split.
As for the crazy rush to get a HF out 3 months after... dunno. Maybe it's so soon after Segwit activation because they want to get it in before Segwit and things like Lightning Network capacity increases kick in and everyone can then see a block size increase is not needed... apart from if you are a miner who wants to increase the block size to kick user run nodes off the network and that's why you want to increase it perhaps?!
@_date: 2016-07-11 09:57:19
I loaded some £ into it, converted to Bitcoin and sent them to another address outside Circle. Just what I was after.
@_date: 2017-07-25 08:10:08
Taken from "[Segwit2x, BIP 91 Segsignal and UASF — all roads lead to Segwit](
@_date: 2017-06-20 15:12:24


Yep - that's a valid question! Why not indeed! As you say - does no harm to.
They are unlikely to get 95% signalling bit 1 of course so that's why they have gone for the 80% thing - they think they can get 80% and that 80% can force the remaining 20% to follow. But yeah - no harm in also signalling bit 1 at all.
@_date: 2016-07-05 10:22:07
Thanks for the reply pb1x. 
@_date: 2017-07-22 08:38:28
Andreas very kindly and openly creates them on github.
You could try doing a diff between the 2nd and 1st editions.
PS for those who haven't read it The Internet of Money is a great compilation of the best bits from his best talks. Well worth the money.
@_date: 2016-07-06 07:21:53
Yep! I think I would just rather myself be responsible for it than someone else.
Any storage option carries a risk I guess. I moved my Bitcoin from my laptop to paper because I wanted to reduce the risk of losing it due to spyware etc (I think I have been reading bitcoin forums too much lately!) ;-)
I have also made a copy of the private paper key and deposited it in a safe outside my house in case of fire etc.
Also I must admit there was also degree of geeky pleasure with the idea of storing bitcoin on paper.
@_date: 2017-06-27 07:05:17


The reduced signalling window change in Pull Request 21 on the SegWit2X (btc1) repository was directly because of BIP 148. It even says that in the summary. 
The very existence of the UASF and it’s ‘set in stone’ activation date has undoubtedly been the driving force behind Segwit2x’s time line. So you can't say the miners "aren't sweating" over it.
@_date: 2017-06-20 15:04:18
Some notes on what signalling bit 1, bit 4 etc actually means technically:
When a miners mines a block they can add a 'bit' to the Version field in the block header.
It is a way of being able to signal support for a proposal that is normally tied to a code change.
You can see an example of this [here](
In that link F2Pool are signalling for Segwit in the Version field by setting it as bit 1 (ignore the 0x2 etc at the start as that is not that relevant to this):
This relates to a version of bit 1 (2 ^ 1) (which is 2 in decimal and also 2 in Hex)
If they were to signal bit 4 (2 ^ 4) it would show as:
This relates to a version of 2 ^ 4 (16 which is 10 in Hex, which is why it shows as 0x20000010 above)
If they wanted to signal both bit 1 and bit 4 it would look like this:
...the 2 and the 10
By using the 2 ^ x method you can specify a number of bits and combine them to produce a value that can only relate to one particular set of inputs (as it where).
To try and give a simple math example:
Take the numbers: 1, 2, 4, 8, 16
If you signal 24 it can only be made up of 16 and 8. If you signal 12 it can only be made up of 8 and 4. If you signal 7 it can only be made up of 1 and 2 and 4.
Hope that helps!
Also worth noting that actual bit 4 signalling isn't scheduled to start until July 21st. The NYA stuff we are seeing now is not true signalling - it is showing an intention to signal bit 4 come July 21st.
@_date: 2016-07-05 17:41:20
I think that a big blocker for it replacing other currencies is that is is currently only measured on an exchange rate basis against other currencies and has no set value of it's own. You also can't pay your taxes in it which stops the kind of 'mass market' adoption that many of us would like to see.
If I buy a game on Steam using Bitcoin the price is calculated by taking the current GBP/Bitcoin price and working out how much (for example) £40 is in Bitcoin then that's the current price of the game in Bitcoin. The trouble is that tomorrow it might cost me less Bitcoin to buy the game if the value of Bitcoin against GBP rises, so I buy the game in GBP instead of Bitcoin as I know the price is set and hold onto my Bitcoin. 
With so many people convinced it will be a major currency in the future people hold onto it and don't spend it - which actually prevents it from becoming a currency. I think that it is instead an asset more akin to Gold. You often hear 'gold bugs' proclaiming they count their gold by the Oz and not by it's current dollar value... but only when the price of gold in Dollars has gone down. You also see them pointing to the current dollar price of Gold when it rises to back up their belief in Gold as being superior to FIAT. 
PS - I hold Gold and Bitcoin so am doubly guilty of the behaviour that I am talking about!
@_date: 2017-06-20 17:09:14
Bit 2 was originally referenced in the Segsignal code but when it was [merged into Segwit2X]( it was changed to bit 4.
No idea what happened to 3!
Core maintain this for their BIP 9 releases...
... although I can see BIP 8 being used in the future and not BIP 9 ever again after Segwit ;-)
EDIT: BIP 8 is like BIP 9 but instead of getting to the end of it's activation period and defaulting to Failed if not already activated by miner signalling it just defaults to Active.
@_date: 2017-06-19 09:31:08
For reference:
They are signalling *intent to support* the 'New York Agreement' by adding 'NYA' in their coinbase text.
They aren't signalling for Segwit2X itself using bit 4 - which is what is needed in 80%+ of the blocks for a period of time for Segwit2X to activate the orphaning of non-segwit signalling blocks and eventually activate Segwit.
But it's a good start... 
@_date: 2017-06-23 19:41:55


Don't say things like that - you'll scare it away! ;-)
Not home free until Segwit has locked in really. Once Segwit2X locks in there is always the chance that a majority of miners just remove it and revert to whatever node they were running before. Remote chance by that stage I would say - so improbable... but still possible.
@_date: 2016-07-11 06:56:14
Brilliant - that's very simple. Far less fuss that when I was first buying Bitcoin over a year ago. Just what Bitcoin needs! Thanks again for your help.
@_date: 2016-07-11 11:02:42
That was what I thought, not much! Thanks for looking up the figures. 
So it sounds like it could be right to say that the reduction in supply isn't going to be that big of an influence on the supply within the markets on a daily basis? Also 1,800 is assuming that miners sell every coin they mine, which I guess isn't the case.
@_date: 2017-06-19 08:38:46
Technically Segwit2X = Segwit then Hard Fork 3 months^1 after the point Segwit activates. That will be an interesting 3 months I am sure ;-)
I think different groups will have different intentions. 
I am sure some miners (and some of the community) are set on the HF whereas I imagine a lot of people who have supported Segwit as a scaling solution are not. 
^1 
(144 blocks * 90 days)
Until Segwit is activated on the main chain - I will continue to support the UASF, in case Segwit2X is delayed and the orphaning of non-Segwit signalling blocks does not begin before August 1st.
@_date: 2016-07-04 19:57:22
Concerns as to why it might not become universal currency:
I am guilty as anyone for hodling but for Bitcoin to become the kind of currency the OP is talking about it needs to see mass adoption as an actual currency and not just a store of value/investment. It was designed to replace/compete with FIAT currencies but on it's current path I think it's more like a Gold replacement. No bad thing... but not a FIAT replacement.
The problem has it's origins in the fact that the price of things you buy in Bitcoin is always converted from a base price which is set in a FIAT currency. 
If I buy a cup of (overpriced) coffee here in the UK it costs me £2 (let's say) today. Chances are it will cost me £2 next week and the month after as well. It may go up in time in line with inflation but that is slow and you don't notice it much. The evils of slow inflation devaluing your savings aside, if you were to buy with Bitcoin on its current price trajectory you would kick yourself in a weeks time (maybe more so in a month, certainly in a year) for spending your Bitcoin on that coffee when now it could buy much more. So people hodl their Bitcoin, spend FIAT and the thus the rate of merchant adoption is slowed down.
The only time I can see myself actually spending Bitcoin (not selling on an exchange but actual spending on goods) is way off in the future when the price has gone through it's wildest rises (and associated falls) and I think it's got to the point where hodling wont make my Bitcoin worth much more the next year. I think that is a long way off and likely when we are close to the 21 million coin cap. So it may become a 'currency' in the form of the current context of the word, where ordinary people buy ordinary things with it... but not for a long time.
@_date: 2017-06-18 06:57:29
Just to be clear - you don't have to run SegWit2X to get SegWit. Only miners do. You only have to change the software you use *if* you want to follow the HF. 
If you meant 'miners' when you said 'people' then fair enough.
@_date: 2017-06-16 06:27:08


Have you travelled back in time to share this information with us? 
How can you, or anyone, possibly know what impact Segwit will have on fees? Don't you think it would be better to activate Segwit, review how the increase affects fees and nodes and then decide if a further Hard Fork is needed?


A Segwit2X Hard Fork performed by miners without wide community support (which would involve downloading a non-Core Bitcoin node) would create two Bitcoins.


Have you heard of BIP 148 UASF? 
@_date: 2017-06-15 10:32:42
It operates on a different bit in order to measure how many miners signal on it. If 80% of miners signal on that bit and it locks in then the code will orphan blocks that don't signal Segwit... which pushes the number of miners signalling Segwit up over the 95% threshold of the BIP 9 activation of Segwit BIP 141. If they can do this and are only producing blocks that signal Segwit by August 1st BIP 148 will not orphan any non-Sewgit blocks as there won't be any being mined. 
Therefore it can be said to be 'compatible' with BIP 148 as long as it's activated the mining of only Segwit signalling blocks by August 1st when BIP 148 activates or if Segwit itself is activated by August 1st. 
If Segwit is activated under BIP 9 then every existing Segwit ready node would then see Segwit as activated.
@_date: 2017-07-25 09:32:14
Segwit2x is just a proposal to try and activate Segwit, but with the controversial second goal of trying to hard fork 90 days after Segwit activates. The chart just show the similarities in how they activate Segwit.
All of the proposals try and activate Segwit (BIP 141), the Segwit that has been deployed and waiting for activation for about 10 months. Segwit actually consists of more that just BIP 141 but we won't get into that here.
Try these if you need more info:
[Segwit2x, BIP 91 Segsignal and UASF — all roads lead to Segwit](
...and this one for how they are compatible if certain criteria is met:
[Explaining Segwit2X and BIP 148 (UASF) compatibility](
As it currently stands - they are all compatible **up until the point that the Segwit2x Hard Fork is planned**.
@_date: 2017-06-19 10:18:33
Look for:


That PR has been merged.
EDIT: PS - The Segwit2X group have stated that actual signalling for bit 4 is supposed to start 21st July. By agreement - see [here]( The actual code allows if from 1st June but they are still in the testing phase.
@_date: 2017-06-18 05:34:12
Depending on the settings applied to 'block size' and 'block weight' it could lead to blocks of up to ~8MB (theoretically) in size. So if Segwit's ability to increase capacity to ~4MB on a 1MB block size is applied to a base block size increase of 2MB (the 2 in Segwit2X) it may increase the capacity and size of the block data sent over the network to ~8MB.
@_date: 2017-06-14 08:00:02
I don't think getting exchanges to follow will be a matter of 'just'. They have already spoken out against contentious hardforks by signing [this](
Either way - Bitcoin's innovation was the creation of a decentralised payment system without the need to trust a 3rd party. If it mutates into a payment system where one miner has the majority hashpower and also controls the reference client and also increases the block sizes so much it knocks user nodes off the network so users can't validate for themselves - well, that's the end of the experiment and you might as well stick with your bank.
@_date: 2016-07-06 05:26:36
If the halving was about to send prices to the moon wouldn't smart investors have already bought their Bitcoin and the effect of the reduction of Bitcoin supply already be priced into the markets? 
Basically - who would wait until the event that sent prices to the moon to buy bitcoin, they already would have bought them at 'pre-moon' prices wouldn't they? I strongly suspect that it is contributing to the recent upward trend. Set your expectations a bit lower.
Just saying...
@_date: 2016-07-10 21:57:15
Oh, I wasn't intentionally making fun of anyone. By 'making light of' I mean trying to look at a situation that puts mining in the hands of a (relatively) small group of people lucky enough to be positioned in places with cheap power etc in a light hearted way... in that it's not an ideal situation and there are many people who would love to be able to mine but it doesn't seem worth it now (like making super straws) unless you have a lucky set up like the guy who said some people rent with electricity priced in I guess.
When you ask how does it apply to centralised miners what are you referring to? My post was just about home mining nowadays. By 'commercial' I meant huge centralised mining.
@_date: 2019-05-04 15:12:52


Well it is in the context I mentioned - larger blocks can accept more unconfirmed txs. I know how the fee market works cheers ;-) 
Taking more txs out of the mempool every block means less in the mempool. I think average block size is about 1.2MB. So before if &gt; 1MB of txs flowed into the mempool = fee market spike. Now it can absorb 1.2MB (on average) every 10 minutes (on average). The other way to reduce mempool size (other than increase amount taken out each block) is obviously put less in - batching of txs. 
We have recently hit an ATH in txs confirmed and the mempool is much smaller than dec 2017 was the point I was making with the chart. Segwit has helped and batching also has without doubt.
EDIT: "fee problem" - depends on your point of view if the funding of Bitcoin's security through fees is a problem or how the block halving is going to be replaced in time ;-)
@_date: 2016-07-05 05:15:25
In the context of responding to the OP's title 'Before Bitcoin I didn't care about... having my assets seized by the government - in particular my Gold'. So they haven't been of course but I am concerned that they might as they did in the US via The United States Gold Reserve Act. Admittedly that was 1934 and in the US not the UK but still, a concern to me.
@_date: 2017-06-20 14:57:49
It's because normal bit 1 Segwit signalling is at 30% that Segwit2X uses bit 4 first. 
**ELI5 explanation attempt here as to how it works and also an explanation of what bit 1 and bit 4 actually mean**:
 
Here's a post about all this signalling and what it means: 
Here's a follow up read on Segwit2X and UASF and Segwit activation: 
@_date: 2017-06-21 10:54:55


Excellent point!
For reference: One of the BIP 9 co-author's [own comments]( on it's flaws and why he supports a UASF.
@_date: 2017-06-18 17:24:37


The Segwit2X code **only** activates the Hard fork 3 months AFTER Segwit is activated - it's written into the Segwit2X code. If Segwit is activate and (144 * 90) blocks have been mined since then any miners still running the Segwit2X code will Hard fork.
General info on Segwit2X here: 
@_date: 2017-06-19 11:59:56
An alternative view point is: 20% of the hash rate not following the hard fork along with the vast majority of the 100's of nodes out there will force the miner's hand. How long would they mine on a chain where there are few users adding economic value to it?
@_date: 2017-06-18 10:02:43
For ref: 
From a response by Alistair to his tweet:
You can see it in block 471790 first: 
 (scroll down)
EDIT: For anyone confused as to what this means - The statement last week was a notification that they would be showing intent (this 'NYA' message) to signal something (~~BIP~~ bit 4) that will hopefully activate the orphaning of anything that doesn't signal (~~BIP~~ bit 1) for the activation of Segwit (BIP 141) via BIP 9. Simple! ... hope that's clearer now  ;-)
@_date: 2017-06-16 06:05:03
That's what I'll be doing.
@_date: 2017-06-19 08:13:25


And the miners on that HF chain would not see any transactions ;-)
@_date: 2017-06-19 12:06:24
It's like signalling into a mirror you are facing when there is also a mirror behind you ;-)  
@_date: 2017-06-23 10:35:05
Well said. 
The reason why Bitcoin is revolutionary is that it is a decentralised system with no need for trusted 3rd parties or authority figures dictating what it is or what it will become.
Without remaining decentralised it is just a very inefficient payment system that has no real value over existing ones run by banks.
To give a small number of miners the power to hold the peers in Bitcoin's peer-to-peer network hostage over fees and a change that the users want to see activated is very bad for Bitcoin long term. People need to look more long term or take their short term profits now if that is all they care about in Bitcoin.
The reason I run a full UASF node at a cost to myself is that I support the very fundamental principles that makes Bitcoin what it is. I can validate everything myself and am choosing to follow the protocol I feel is the right path to getting Bitcoin to become a truly decentralised global payment system that doesn't require you to trust the authority of others. I am prepared to stick to my guns on this and have a long term view of Bitcoin and am not in it for a quick gain. If you don't agree you have the choice to follow a different path. That is the beauty of it. **The peers can decide for themselves, they don't have to accept dictated changes from a small but *economically more visible* few.**
Bitcoin will scale by continuing the path that it has been on since day one - an evolutionary process that preserves and extends the key features that made it what it is today. We should not compromise those features in order to reduce fees short term. Stick to following the best technical solution there is for scaling (Segwit + second layer solutions that build off the transaction malleability fix) and not a 'quick fix' linear 'scaling' bodge that risks placing authority in the hands of the few.
For those who say that 8MB blocks won't threaten Bitcoin's decentralised nature I would ask you to try and sync a full node from scratch as if you were a brand new user. Then multiply the days it takes by a factor of 8. Then imagine that requirement in parts of the world that do not have the resources to hand that you do. If you don't think that those people's needs matter you and I are on different pages when we think about what Bitcoin could really do as a global currency.
@_date: 2017-06-19 14:40:03
"Non-binding collection of letters placed in the coinbase text"?
Not as snappy but accurate ;-)
@_date: 2017-06-18 17:15:08
I think the point he was making was that you don't need to do point 4. 
Us users don't need to run the Segwti2X code, only miners. We would all still get Segwit (on Core nodes) without running Segwit2X. If the miners then continue to run Segwit2X then 3 months after Segwit is enabled (when there wont be any chance of it being rolled back by the way) they will Hark Fork. If you want to follow the HF you will then have to personally run Segwit2X or a variant.
Core won't integrate the HF into their code I am quite sure.
Details here: 
@_date: 2017-06-15 15:25:13


Have you checked in on the latest Segwit2X merges and Pull Request? I'm not sure what point you are trying to make.
I am not sure why you think users will *have* to fork and that Core will have to join in.
Segwit2X as it stands currently and based upon the latest pull request (and assuming it actually gets run by miners):
Will activate Segwit according to BIP 9 by using bit 4 to orphan non-segwit signalling blocks after 80% of miners signal that bit on Segwit2X.
Is set to HF in the not-too-distant future after Segwit activates.
Users have to do nothing to get Segwit this way as it works through BIP 9 activation - so all existing Core nodes (and others) that support Segwit as it is now will get it if Segwit2X activates it.
The HF is something the miners want to do and is written into the Segwit2X code - they they alone will be running. If the rest of the community don't want a HF the miners will have to back out (by removing their Segwit2X nodes and going back to what they are on now). This would in no way 'undo' the Segwit activation that had already occurred.
If the miners want to HF and community nodes don't then they would be insane to pull off the Hf and create their own SHA256 based alt-coin. It would be a coin created by miners that only miners use. If no users changed to their HF protocol code then they wouldn't get any transactions and associated fees and wouldn't be able to sell for FIAT on exchanges. 
Segwit2X Update to be compatible with latest BIP91 spec: 
A Pull Request by James Hilliard at this stage but with widespread support from most sides - including Jeff Garzik.
Segwit2X **as it currently stands** isn't that bad - and I am a firm UASF supporter.
You are right about centralisation of mining. That's a battle for another day after Segwit activates IMO.
EDIT: from other comments in this thread you seem to be under the impression that users will have to run Segwit2X to get Segwit. This is not the case - see the [latest Pull Request]( - BIP 91 and comments therein. Segwit2X will be compiled from the btc1 repository and will not get pulled into the Core repository for the miners to run it - much like my BIP 148 UASF node is compiled from a fork of Core that looks likely to never make it into the Core repository.
@_date: 2017-06-18 17:26:45
Here's how the two can be compatible:
UASF will easily succeed in activating Segwit with 20% of hash power. Only 10-15% is actually needed.
@_date: 2017-07-27 19:13:19
Wow, they look great! 
In terms of making them available for people to use - If you just put the high res version of them someplace people could just download them, make their own paper wallet online and copy and paste the QR codes etc from that image onto the ones you have made.
Really nice work.Wow, they look great! 
In terms of making them available for people to use - If you just put the high res version of them someplace people could just download them, make their own paper wallet online and copy and paste the QR codes etc from that image onto the ones you have made.
Really nice work.
@_date: 2017-06-26 06:15:30
Seems likely...
Most Popular Trade: ETH -&gt; BTC
@_date: 2017-06-18 17:53:18
They won't be creating the HF at all. Miners who still follow Segwit2X 3 months after Segwit activates will cause the fork.
Do you also think that any users out there who do not install the Segwit2X code are causing the HF?
No-one has to follow Segiwt2X through to the HF stage and users don't need to follow it at all to get Segwit... 
@_date: 2017-06-14 07:00:01
"Captured"?! 
It's not Pokémon. 
Developers need funding. Only 1.5 equivalent FTEs are funded by Blockstream. How on earth is that more of a threat than Bitmain already having too much influence in mining and now trying to also control the reference client?
@_date: 2016-07-04 19:06:33
Internationally between Governments and Central Banks it will probably be the IMF created SDR (Special Drawing Right) backed by Gold reserves. Ho hum.
For us normal folk I'd love it to be Bitcoin but most people are too scared to use a form of money not backed by their government, even if the current one fails. Sad but true I think.
It's boring to hear this but unless you can pay your taxes in Bitcoin it won't be classed as a monetary system in the context of the presentation the graph was taken from (Mike Maloney?). 
Its strength as I see it is that it can be a form of money for some purchases and for the exchange of value between people, but not a 'monetary system'.
@_date: 2017-06-20 21:04:26
He's responded below his article now and commented on the mistake. See EDIT in OP for ref.
@_date: 2017-06-14 07:05:22
Because it's not being developed by core. Someone has just forked the Core code.
@_date: 2017-06-15 14:06:25


? Why ?
If Segwit2X activates Segwit on the main chain through bit 4 signalling 80%, that triggering orphaning blocks that don't signal Segwit and thus activating Segwit through BIP 9 why does anyone have to do anything? 
With Segwit active on the main chain and on all existing Core nodes since 13.1 if the miners then say they are bound to a HF because they are running Segwit2X why do you think the community would all change their nodes to one that supports a HF? Do you think miners would HF if the community didn't upgrade? They (the miners) could back down by switching to not running Segwit2X any more.
It's the miners nodes that will be set up to HF. Mine sure won't.
@_date: 2017-06-15 11:45:12
They can want all they like - Core are the most cautious of people in this whole debate. They wouldn't accept code changes that weren't based on sound technical merit. As none of the people who regularly commit to the Core repository were at the NYA and didn't sign anything how do you think the Segwit2X HF code will get into the Core repository exactly???
The Segwit2X code is a fork of Core - it can be compiled and run as a separate thing - much like the UASF BIP 148 code my node runs... which also isn't in the Core repository.
@_date: 2017-06-16 14:05:54
Will amend now. Thanks for the feedback!
@_date: 2016-07-05 18:16:47
Are these parties based around the idea that you hope to be watching the price go up? The obvious follow up question if they are: what if it doesn't? 
Don't want to be a kill joy (but know that I might sound like one)
...or are they more about celebrating Bitcoins longevity? Basically - I don't get it.
@_date: 2017-06-14 06:27:38
Jihan seems to have forgotten to mention the fact that all current nodes would have to update to his new version of Bitcoin in order to work with his private pre-mined chain.
Then again - he's not a fan of people running their own nodes and doesn't seem to grasp the peer part of peer-to-peer ;-)
Bitmain's post is nothing other than a threat to the other miners - "don't mine on 148 come August 1st, or else"... and the 'or else' bit amounts to nothing when you consider nodes.
I hope the other miners see it for what it is and collectively agree to group against his plan to control Bitcoin mining AND Bitcoin software development and mine on the UASF BIP 148 chain come August 1st.
@_date: 2017-06-23 09:57:49


I completely agree. There is no room for yet more bluffs and delays and obfuscated intentions.
@_date: 2017-06-17 08:28:32
1)    If Segwit2X doesn't activate Segwit or produce only blocks that signal Segwit by August 1st then any non-Segwit signalling blocks will split the chain. So if you want to transact whilst that split exists you need to refer to some of the other posts about how to manage your coins. I think  and  would be a good starting place.
2)    They will go back into the mempool. Also - worth noting that if 80+% of the hash rate starts orphaning blocks the miners producing those non-segwit signalling blocks would change quickly to signal Segwit or they would be losing money.
3)    Segwit is activated and those miners don't participate in the hard fork. This is a key point ;-)
4)    They have 3 months to upgrade *if* they want to follow the Hard fork - and *if* miners actually follow through with the hard fork. Again - key point!
@_date: 2017-06-15 17:12:57
Thanks, will do.
@_date: 2017-06-18 17:37:07
LOL - I have typed bit and bip and segwit and segwit2x so many times today! Thanks for spotting - I will edit my comment.
@_date: 2017-06-20 11:50:09
When a miners mines a block they can add a 'bit' to the Version field in the block header.
It is a way of being able to signal support for a proposal that is normally tied to a code change.
You can see an example of this [here](
In that link F2Pool are signalling for Segwit in the Version field by setting it as bit 1 (ignore the 0x2 etc at the start as that is not that relevant to this question):
This relates to a version of bit 1 (2 ^ 1) (which is 2 in decimal and also 2 in Hex)
If they were to signal bit 4 (2 ^ 4) it would show as:
This relates to a version of 2 ^ 4 (16 which is 10 in Hex, which is why it shows as 0x200000*10* above)
If they wanted to signal both bit 1 and bit 4 it would look like this:
...the 2 and the 10
By using the 2 ^ x method you can specify a number of bits and combine them to produce a value that can only relate to one particular set of inputs (as it where).
To try and give a simple math example:
Take the numbers: 1, 2, 4, 8, 16
If you signal 24 it can only be made up of 16 and 8.
If you signal 12 it can only be made up of 8 and 4.
If you signal 7 it can only be made up of 1 and 2 and 4.
Hope that helps!
@_date: 2017-06-19 11:38:55
Yes that's correct. I didn't mean to imply they were running it live. They are at the ['Alpha Milestone']( phase currently.
@_date: 2017-06-20 15:16:33


Up-voted for this phrase alone! ;-)
As for the question about the Segwit2X BIP - I completely get the point you are making. It is a kind of amalgamation of other BIPs such a James Hilliard's BIP91 but yeah...
So this: 
Went into this: 
@_date: 2017-06-18 05:21:45
Agreed - I'll add. I was just checking what you were referring to.
@_date: 2017-06-30 08:54:32
If less people can run a node and validate transactions for themselves it increases the need to trust a 3rd party. This is opposed to the underlying philosophy of Bitcoin - 'a system for electronic transactions without relying on trust'.
Trying to sync a new node is a long enough process as it is but with the block size increasing to a size between 4MB and approaching 8MB it will be even harder. The same goes for actually running a node - which currently requires a lot more bandwidth than the '1MB block every 10 minutes' you might expect it to use. 
It is also worth noting that as Segwit uses block weight to calculate the ultimate size of blocks, a 1MB block with Segwit has a theoretical maximum approaching 4MB - although this will likely be just over 2MB in practice. An increase of the base block size to 2MB would result in theoretical maximum block sizes approaching 8MB.
So don't be misled into thinking the 2 in Segwit2x means 2MB blocks. The 2 represents a multiplier to what 1MB base blocks + Segwit offers, hence the 'x'... if that's what you were referring to.
@_date: 2017-06-27 09:37:08
Thanks - will delete. It normally tells you if that's the case.
@_date: 2017-06-01 06:01:36


No - only when the 148 chain is longer that the non-148 chain. 
When you say that coins will disappear - just to clarify:
If transactions that transferred coins on the non-148 chain do not exist in a block on the 148 chain and there was a reorganisation then the effect of these transactions would disappear. Also - coins that were created as the coinbase reward for blocks mined on the non-148 chain would not be valid on the 148 chain.
@_date: 2017-06-20 07:28:20
The article is wrong.
It states signalling on bit 1 and bit 4 count towards Segwit2X activation.
**Only bit 4 counts towards the 80% activation threshold.**
You can check for yourself here: 
@_date: 2017-06-19 11:42:24
It's in no way guaranteed. It's set in the code in test currently but that doesn't mean it will either 1) make it to live or 2) miners can't switch back after Segwit has activated.
@_date: 2017-06-16 17:15:34


As a complete package and the way it came into existence I'd agree. 
Breaking it into stages and ignoring the politics that created it though - *if* it gets Segwit BIP 141 activated via BIP 9 and carries out the goal of UASF and they avoid splitting the chain then that's good for me. They would then have 3 months to try and persuade users (who by then will have Segwit active on their Core nodes) to update their node software to comply with the Hard Fork. I personally won't be partaking in this second stage.
I do have doubts that Segwit2X will be run by enough miners in sufficient time to avoid the mining of blocks that don't signal for Segwit come August 1st, causing a chain split. That is why I will still be fully supporting the UASF until Segwit is activated on Bitcoin. 
Until August 1st they are welcome to try and activate Segwit using Segwit2X though, I just don't trust that it will definitely happen.
@_date: 2017-06-19 09:19:06
I assume that's a lead into suggesting that the UASF will not have the 10-15% of hash rate needed to activate Segwit before it's BIP 9 November 16th expiration date?...
I think that the fact that UASF has a set date of August 1st that can not be moved is what has prompted the sudden keenness of miners and the community to find a resolution to the scaling debate. It is a set date with no room for delays and push backs.
To me it seems like the best option to activate Segwit (which I very much prefer as a scaling solution) if Segwit2X fails to do it. I support the intent of Segwit2X to activate Segwit and in that sense hope that it gets over the 80% miner support needed.
As for the possibility of a POW change if UASF does not get support - I do not think this will be needed. I think that there are enough miners who have recently expressed support for 'mature solutions' (which I read as Segwit) in the statements issued last week to ensure that the 10% hash power needed for UASF success will be met if Segwit2X fails to activate it - and I think the effect will snowball from there.
So to directly answer your question (finally) - I would support a POW change on the 148 chain only if there was no chance of it activating Segwit by November 16th otherwise... but I genuinely don't think this will be needed. Either Segwit2X will activate Segwit (or at least be orphaning non-Segwit signalling blocks by August 1st and avoid a chain split) or - post august 1st if there is a chain split - enough miners will support it to reach it's goals.
I know 'but it only has &lt;1% support right now' is a counter argument but that is today with Segwit2X not even signalling bit 4 yet. I think that if that looks likely to fail to meet the 80% threshold needed things regarding UASF mining support will change.
@_date: 2017-06-19 11:40:14
Yes - didn't intend to imply it was sorry. I read the original comment as implying it wasn't coded yet.
@_date: 2017-07-25 10:10:37


Nope - my node (and every other full node out there) will validate what the miners have produced. If they mine a block that my node says is invalid it will be rejected by it and every other node that follows the same consensus rules.


That's why I mentioned the varying degrees of trust. You can pick what option suits your needs best. I run a full node, sounds like you don't think that's applicable to your needs, fair enough.
But you don't just need to download the full chain only if you mine, that was my point.
@_date: 2017-06-19 11:16:07
Correct - but only if enough (80%+) miners signal bit 4, this 'NYA' thing we are seeing in the coinbase text of the blocks is actually just showing intent to signal bit 4. Bit 4 signalling itself is [due to start]( July 21st. The Segwit2X code allows signalling already (as of June 1st) but it currently in test.
I have tried to explain Segwit2X and Segwit BIP 141 compatibility [here]( for ref.
@_date: 2017-06-19 10:31:24
They *will* have to run the Segwit2X code in order to signal bit 4 and then begin orphaning non-segwit blocks. That is part of BIP 91 which has been merged into the Segwit2X code base and isn't in the Core client of course.
Ref: 
@_date: 2017-06-20 05:58:33
Just to note - in that scenario there is a ~2.33 day lock in period where the other ~20% of miners know that Segwit2X is about to activate so they have time to change their node to avoid loss of profits arising from having their non-Segwit signalling blocks orphaned.
When you look at the longer term - activating Segwit will (for all intents and purposes) prevent the use of Covert ASICBoost. ^1: It's use will become less Covert as it would mean a miner would have to keep mining non-Segwit blocks to use it for measurable profit.
Great write up by on ASICBoost [here]( for those interested in it.
EDIT Added ^1
@_date: 2017-06-15 13:44:50


If Segwit is activated on the main chain via Segwit2X any miner who did not then want to opt in to the Hard Fork could always go back to running a non-Segwit2X node if they felt inclined to.
@_date: 2017-06-26 18:19:40
[This]( by is an excellent ELI5 on it all.
@_date: 2017-06-18 06:30:28


What scenario are you referring to here? Jihan's post UASF chain split privately mined HF chain?
In any scenario - if miners HF and if the majority of users and exchanges do not follow the HF then who are the miners who HF going to sell their coinbase reward coins to? (note - these rewards are only actually spendable after they are 100 blocks deep, as it where).
Hash power will follow the bitcoin chain with the most economic value.


So, yes, you can Hard fork - but you can't force people to follow it. 
What miner would follow a chain that had no economic value? It wouldn't last long before they abandoned it, if they were crazy enough to do it in the first place.
@_date: 2017-06-22 07:09:53
Hi. The software is indeed still in development - it's currently in the testing of the Alpha Milestone phase. We can't be sure if there will be changes made of any significance after that has completed and prior to their July 21st intended Segwit2X 'go-live' date. 
However, no matter what you add to the code you can't ultimately force someone to follow a hard fork. Any hard fork is optional by it's very nature - if you are running node software that only allows for the current consensus rules and someone hard forks away from those rules you won't follow that hard fork. You have to decide to run a node that follows the hard fork's rules. There is code in Segwit2X now that will allow expanded consensus rules (bigger blocks) 3 months after Segwit is activated. If any miner running Segwit2X so desired they could revert to running Core after the Segwit activation date.
Also worth noting that although the Segwit2X code allows bigger blocks 3 months after the activation of Segwit someone would actually have to mine such a block in order to bring about the fork.
@_date: 2017-06-14 08:20:37


I don't understand what you mean.
It literally says this at the top of the github for Segwit2x:


EDIT: If you were refering to jgarzik as a core dev - I suggest [this]( as a read.
@_date: 2017-06-19 11:52:58
Just to clarify: 
Miners are currently showing their **intent** to support the 'New York Agreement' by adding 'NYA' in their coinbase text. They are showing "intent to signal bit 4 via Segwit2X on July 21st."
They aren't actually signalling yet. Although arguably they are signalling intent to signal to activate the rejection of anything that doesn't signal something else ;-)
@_date: 2017-06-20 07:26:57


The article is wrong.
It states signalling on bit 1 and bit 4 count towards Segwit2X activation. 
**Only bit 4 counts towards the 80% activation threshold.** 
I have responded to Jimmy's article on Medium in the hope he will correct it before it causes more confusion.
You can check for yourself here: 
@_date: 2017-06-01 06:20:24


No - **you are only not at risk if you don't move or receive any coins until the split is resolved**. 
* You are at risk on the non-148 chain if...
You buy bitcoin after the split on the non-148 chain and the 148 chain then becomes longer at any future point in time leading to a reorg and your transactions were not also included in a block on the 148 chain. The transactions transferring the bitcoin you bought on the non-148 chain are then no longer valid in that scenario - you no longer own the coins transferred to you in those transactions.
* You are at risk on the 148 chain if... 
You buy bitcoins on it and it doesn't have the more highly valued coin in the future. Your coins are never at risk of a reorg - you will always own your coins on that chain - they may just be valued lower if the 148 chain doesn't activate Segwit by November 16th for example.
@_date: 2017-06-18 17:32:29


Do you mean miners when you say everyone?
For us who run a Core node Segwit2X could well activate Segwit (proper BIP 141 Segwit activated through BIP 9)... and then if we all just stayed on our current nodes we wouldn't follow the Segwit2X Hard fork 3 months after Segwit activates. Miners could also just revert their node form Segwit2X to Core after Segwit has activated.
They won't fire Core and are crazy to think they can. They are in for a shock if they think people will run their code after Segwit is active on everyone's Core node.
I'm happy for Segwit2X to try and activate Segwit before August 1st but there's no way I'll be switching after that to follow the HF.
Until August 1st - UASF to be sure. [Segwit2X and UASF are compatible]( if the miners get their act together and signal for Segwit2X before too long.
@_date: 2016-07-06 06:12:19
I used to visit the WallObserver thread but got fed up with the predictability of the comments. It was as if the whole thread is controlled by bots running on a loop that someone has forgotten to turn off. 
    10    Post picture of a rocket going to the moon
    20    Post picture of a bull getting attacked by a bear
    30    Post intelligent comment
    40    Post 10 abusive comments aimed at intelligent comment
    50    Post off-topic animated gif
    60    Post racist/discriminatory comment
    70    Post 'technical analysis' chart predicting moon tomorrow
    80    GOTO 10
Might be different now - haven't been there in while.
@_date: 2017-06-16 08:26:50


Most of the block size/transaction fees calculations I have seen used fairly complicated maths and game theory.


[I'm well aware of that]( but I specifically said **'A Segwit2X Hard Fork'** - and a hard fork would need you to change your node. EDIT: ...*if* you wanted to follow the forking chain that is.


Whereas a Hard fork 3 months after Segwit that requires all existing nodes to update is?
From the Segwit2X Alpha Milestone post:
And the code itself:
+static const unsigned int BIP102_FORK_BUFFER = (144 * 90);
144 blocks (about 1 day of mining) * 90. ~90 days after Segwit activates there would be a Hard Fork.
3 months - for all nodes to update if they wanted to follow the hard fork... hmmmm.
EDIT: just to add some more complexity to the maths -  


weight/SegWit-related issues and challenges to consider:






@_date: 2017-05-20 06:40:01
You may wish to read [this]( that I recently wrote in reply to someone asking what nodes and miners do as you have this completely wrong.
@_date: 2017-06-16 06:08:45
Yes - it's dependant on the code being released and run in time to activate.
Under option 2 UASF will still be active - there just won't be a split as all blocks will adhere to it's "signal for Segwit only' rule. If for some reason they they stop producing blocks that only signalled Segwit then BIP 148 UASF will split.
EDIT: Just seen that you have stated my last point elsewhere but will leave here for others reading this thread.
@_date: 2017-06-30 06:19:28
21st July is the [stated date]( when miners will start running Segwit2x. They then have between 3-4 periods of 366 blocks when it can move to active. Detailed break down [here](
@_date: 2017-06-19 18:14:19
On July 21st the Segwit2X code is designed to start signalling on bit 4. 
If it reaches 80% of blocks produced in one of the 2-3 signalling periods between then and the final period (there are 3-4 in total depending on timings) before August 1st then Segwit2X will start orphaning blocks that do not signal Segwit on bit 1. 
This will create a chain that from that point onwards will only contain blocks signalling for Segwit activation. This is over the 95% needed under BIP 9 to activate Segwit. UASF (which starts on August 1st) will accept these blocks as they all adhere to it's rules (blocks must signal Segwit). No chain split will occur.
The Hard Fork currently in the test version of the Segwit2X code is set to activate about 3 months after Segwit activates.


¯\ _(ツ)_ /¯
@_date: 2017-06-19 18:59:12
I attempt to explain [here]( - hope it helps! 
@_date: 2017-06-23 20:13:33
I feel like I am just being a nit-picking tool now but... (I am going to be one anyway) 
In the very unlikely situation we are hypothesising...


Technically there would be a chain split not hard fork with one chain having Segwit signalling (bit 1) blocks only after Segwit2X activated and the other chain having a (potential) mixture of both or just non-segwit signalling. Whenever the purely Segwit signalling chain got longer than the other it would wipe it out in a re-org. Never the other way round. There wouldn't be a hard fork because of the same reasons why UASF won't cause a hard fork - just a chain split - as one of the chains has tightened the rules and not expanded them. 


Everyone out there running Core etc would not need to update their node as the rules of either chain would be valid to them. They would just follow the longest chain. No update needed.
Anyway - a true nightmare scenario of mass confusion I am sure and like I said - sorry to be a tool about it! ;-)
@_date: 2017-06-26 20:46:11
It's been while since your comment but I've just posted [this]( today that explains the questions you have I think :-)
@_date: 2017-06-01 05:45:36
As an additional note - the existing protocol rules governing newly mined coins (that are not going to change in the split) don't allow you to spend coinbase reward coins until they have a block depth of 100 - regardless of chain.
@_date: 2017-06-20 18:13:27
Yes to all the above! (5 in total plus 1 'same here') ;-)
@_date: 2017-06-19 09:01:38
For reference:
They are signalling intent to support the 'New York Agreement' by adding 'NYA' in their coinbase text:


They are also signalling for Segwit BIP 141 under BIP 9 by setting bit 1 in the version field of the block header:
They *aren't* signalling for Segwit2X itself using bit 4 - which is what is needed in 80%+ of the blocks for a period of time for Segwit2X to activate the orphaning of non-segwit signalling blocks and eventually activate Segwit.
Until Segwit is activated on Bitcoin - keep on track with UASF... just in case Segwit2X fails to do the job of activating Segwit.
@_date: 2017-06-18 17:54:38


[Here]( is how Segiwt2X and UASF can be compatible for reference.
Until Segwit is active on Bitcoin - keep supporting the UASF!
@_date: 2017-06-30 06:12:26
An [explanation]( of Segwit2x, UASF and Segwit signalling.
How Segwit2x and UASF can be [compatible](
@_date: 2017-06-27 08:56:00
The only point I made was to point out that your claim that miners couldn't care less about 148 was wrong.


"Only risk adverse developers that are working under the guidance and direction of the [Segwit2x Working Group]( that has a majority representation of miners..." you mean.
There's also Bitmain's claim that they have a privately mined hard fork planned if the UASF chain extends and threatens the non-UASF chain.
So apart from changing the signalling window to meet the UASF activation date, using BIP 91 within Segwit2x to maintain compatibility with UASF and the millions they have stated will be put aside to mine protection against UASF... yeah, they "couldn't care less" as you said ;-)
@_date: 2017-06-16 08:34:10
More like 3 months.
From the Segwit2X Alpha Milestone post:
And the [code itself](
+static const unsigned int BIP102_FORK_BUFFER = (144 * 90);
144 blocks (about 1 day of mining) * 90 days.
@_date: 2017-06-20 11:51:58
Yep - please see my reply here to the same kind of question: 
@_date: 2017-06-20 16:51:07
OK - maybe I shouldn't have said it did *nothing*. 
Technically it doesn't do anything in terms of activating Segwit2X [despite what Jimmy Song says]( ;-) 
At this stage signalling bit 1 is a nice show of support for Segwit itself as a solution I guess. 
I don't think 95% under BIP 9 alone is in any way viable because if Segwit2X does end up getting 80% support it will only be because a few big miners who want a Hard Fork 3 months after Segwit activates are making a 'compromise' - they wouldn't signal Segwit alone or else we wouldn't have been staring at 30% Segwit BIP 9 support for the last 7 months or whatever it has been!
As a UASF supporter myself I am keen to see Segwit signalled anyway as if Segwit2X fails to activate Segwit I hope UASF is then a more viable option in many people's eyes than it was before - especially as the activation method for Segwit (orphaning of blocks that don't signal Segwit) is similar to Segwit2X and that seems to have been *fairly* well received and I see Segwit bit 1 signalling as an openness to UASF... maybe that is just wishful thinking but I think not.
@_date: 2016-07-20 17:27:01
Agreed. I've recently moved to Circle from coinfloor when buying bitcoin for those exact reasons - broker prices are way too high and funding your account directly with £ means making an international money transfer to a Czech bank account which costs money and takes ages.
@_date: 2017-06-20 05:43:39
It's a chain split and because both chains would conform to the existing rules being enforced by nodes and both chains would be valid under those rules the shorter chain would be rejected by nodes and the longer chain accepted. They would have to HF in some way if they wanted to keep mining non-Segwit blocks as this would break consensus rules and prevent the shorter chain being re-organised (wiped out) by the longer chain. Unlikely scenario considering miners are profit seeking and with the current market drivers where most users want Segwit.
@_date: 2017-06-20 11:03:59
Just to clarify:
When 80% of miners are signalling for Segwit2X (using 'bit 4') it will activate code within Segwit2X that rejects any blocks that do not signal for Segwit BIP 141 (under BIP 9 'bit 1' signalling).
This results in a chain with 100% of blocks signalling for Segwit using bit 1 and the 95% threshold for BIP 9 is exceeded.
@_date: 2017-06-20 12:54:57
Signaling 141 (bit 1) does nothing at this stage.
They need to signal bit 4 to activate SegWit2X.
@_date: 2017-06-19 10:31:42
@_date: 2017-06-26 14:10:34
I've now done an [even more detailed explaination]( than that one you linked to... for those of you that love a bit of signalling! ��
@_date: 2017-06-16 13:44:08
We didn't have this then:  Re: "SegWit is not just a technology upgrade, it is a market upgrade."
Or the possibility of LN.
Fees rise *before* the actual limit is reached typically - I can't explain why but it's not down to 'simple' maths but game theory.
@_date: 2017-06-16 08:30:47


You have to clarify this - it is compatible with the Segwit Soft Fork but not the Hard Fork scheduled 3 months after Segwit activates... then you most certainly would *if* you wanted to follow that new chain.


No it's not. See what 3_Thumbs_Up replied.
@_date: 2017-06-27 17:28:15
Again, all I said was...


I wasn't saying who was right or wrong. I have my own personal opinions but you seem to be having an argument with things I didn't say. Carry on though if you are finding it cathartic... 
@_date: 2017-06-19 12:55:09
It's still [the same Segwit]( by the way (BIP 141 activated by BIP 9) - but yes, I agree that they just want to be able to read the headline "NYA ends scaling debate and brings Segwit to Bitcoin" ;-)
@_date: 2017-06-21 10:37:46
There are details and explanatory videos here: 
@_date: 2017-06-16 18:05:42
List so far according to Samson Mow: BTCC, F2Pool, Bixin, &amp; BATPool.
"Mining pools in  are circulating a letter saying they'll support any mature scaling options having community support, meaning 
I hope he's got the last bit right!
Either way - stay supporting UASF. The show isn't over until Segwit actually activates!
EDIT: Just thinking about this more - this means less miners supporting Segwit2X (which was 148 compatible) and some now *suggesting* signalling for Core Segwit (through Bit 1?). If they said they were supporting BIP 148 - Great! As it is - just more confusion and potential delays and not enough hash power dedicated to either Segwit2X or whatever this new announcement relates to I suspect. More info and some clarification will be made soon I hope...
@_date: 2017-06-18 17:35:06
Full post this references [here](
@_date: 2016-07-05 13:50:55
I haven't ignored you and take that on board. You are right - it's not as if you have to understand how the SWIFT payment network works in order to use a debit card after all. Have amended to basically tell her how to get at the Bitcoin, all the wonderful maths and cryptography that goes on under the hood can be ignored I guess. Hopefully I won't be going anywhere for a number of years and by then the whole method of getting and moving Bitcoin will be a bit more user friendly anyway!
@_date: 2017-06-20 11:54:27
July 21st 
@_date: 2017-06-15 17:13:10
Thanks, couldn't stop once I started ;-)
@_date: 2017-06-22 06:40:17
Imagine the heart attacks you would cause on the first day of it going live - people log on to see if the price has risen or dropped from $2,500 to see $2.50 onscreen! ;-)
@_date: 2017-06-23 21:27:08
Core clients will follow the longest chain that they deem to be valid. If the majority of hash power is producing a Segwit only chain they will just follow that along with UASF and SegWit2X nodes.
Can you explain more the details of the scenario you are on about? Maybe I misunderstand what you mean.
EDIT: Are you referring to a scenario where the chain with the non Segwit blocks in it sometimes gets longer than the Segwit only chain and then Core nodes follow that and then that gets wiped out if the Segwit only chain gets longer than it? That would only happen if the two chains had fairly equal hash power giving the chance for the non Segwit chain to race ahead of the Segwit only chain from time to time following a wipe out of itself. So SegWit2X gets 80% on bit 4 and eventually activates and then ~30% go back to using a non SegWit2X mining node. 
These are pretty crazy edge case scenarios we're discussing here I guess and I apologise for starting it... but interesting to think through because, you know, you can never be too prepared! ;-)
@_date: 2017-06-18 17:21:50


Only miners do this to signal as they are the only ones writing the signal (bit 4) into blocks.


There is a 3 month delay coded into Segwit2X:
+static const unsigned int BIP102_FORK_BUFFER = (144 * 90);
144 blocks (about 1 day of mining) * 90 days.


No they wouldn't do this. Users only need to update from Core *if* they want to follow the HF.
Details here: 


That bit is right. After Segwit activates then miners who do not support the HF may well switch back to a Core node after Segwit activates and not follow the HF... if any miners actually stick to the HF plan at all that is.
@_date: 2017-06-26 15:23:36
For those of you who just love all this signalling so darn much you want a more detailed explanation than the [simple one]( from last week ;-)
@_date: 2016-07-05 10:59:50
Ah I see. Thank you. I recently sent btc to a paper wallet public address. The transaction has been confirmed 6 times but when I sweep the paper wallet private key it says 'Balance to sweep: 0 mBTC'. [Here]( is the address so I know it has funds in it. Any idea why it's saying 0 when I sweep it? :-(
@_date: 2017-06-15 14:15:58
No you have it wrong! 
Segwit2X uses bip 9 ultimately. Refer to the PR in the OP!!
This is the whole reason why it is compatible with current SegWit supporting nodes.
@_date: 2016-07-11 10:41:23
Quick question related to this - how does the number of bitcoin mined each day compare to the daily number sold on exchanges? (I realise there will be a lot of caveats when replying)
@_date: 2016-07-05 18:28:55
1. Satoshi selling all his coins.
@_date: 2017-06-16 14:09:36
I don't know sorry - the people involved are people I have never met, never will and I don't know what their real underlying goals are. For this reason I personally will continue to run a UASF node until Segwit is activated on the Bitcoin network.
@_date: 2017-06-16 18:32:05
Good points. Thanks for expanding and clarifying! :-)
@_date: 2017-06-23 11:08:09
This is the best ELI5 of the UASF, Segwit2X and Segwit activation I have read. Deserves it's own post to be fair.
@_date: 2017-06-21 10:35:11
No. It's not over until Segwit BIP 141 activates... and then there's the whole Hard fork thing to look forward to debating... 
Miners are currently adding 'NYA' to their coinbase text so show their apparent intention to then signal bit 4 on July 21st. 
They are currently at the 'Alpha Milestone' phase of the planned time frame. So they aren't all signalling via bit 4 using Segwit2X itself (or running it live) yet.
Bit 4 signalling is what is needed in 80%+ of the blocks for a period of time for Segwit2X to activate the orphaning of non-segwit signalling blocks and (hopefully) leading to the activation of Segwit before August 1st. That is the stated plan anyway.
More info on this signalling [here](
and how Segwit2X can be compatible with UASF [here](
@_date: 2017-06-20 17:34:45


Not under Segwit2X though!
ALL blocks need to signal bit 1 (BIP 141) after Segwit2X has exited the lock in period. Any blocks at all that don't signal bit 1 will be rejected by Segwit2X. Hence all blocks on the main chain will be signalling Segwit bit 1 - and so UASF nodes will be in consensus with Segwit2X.
@_date: 2017-06-20 07:29:11
The article is wrong.
It states signalling on bit 1 and bit 4 count towards Segwit2X activation.
Only bit 4 counts towards the 80% activation threshold.
You can check for yourself here: 
@_date: 2017-06-30 06:27:28
Stopped reading at:


He doesn't get that Bitcoin is interesting because it *isn't* backed by banks  ¯\ _(ツ)_ /¯
@_date: 2017-06-20 17:37:10
No, any blocks at all that don't signal bit 1 will be rejected by Segwit2X. Hence all blocks on the main chain will be signalling Segwit bit 1 - and so UASF nodes will be in consensus with Segwit2X.
See: 
@_date: 2017-06-19 09:52:21
This is just text in the coinbase of each block mined. It is showing intent to run Segwit2X - which would signal properly via adding bit 4 to the version section of the block header. No one is doing that yet.
When you start seeing that then those miners are running Segwit2X.
If more than 80% of blocks then signal bit 4 the Segwit2X code will (after a fairly short lock in period) start rejecting any blocks that don't signal for Segwit itself (bit 1). This has the net result of every block being added to the chain signalling for Segwit and it will meet it's original BIP 9 activation goal of 95% of blocks signalling for it.
*If* the miners then all keep on running Segwit2X then 3 months after Segwit is activated for all clients (e.g. Core) those miners will Hard Fork to a larger block size. NB: 'if'. This HF part isn't compatible with the current Core client, the Segwit activation part is.
*If* they do keep running Segwit2X and perform a HF you would have to update your node to a Segwit2X compatible node *if you wanted to follow their HF*. You would have a very short time to do this along with the thousands and thousands of other nodes out there. NB: lots of 'if's.
@_date: 2016-07-05 13:55:05
You are right. Just needed to explain how to get at it. As an aside - if I live to a decent age and Bitcoin continues to grow in popularity and value as it has done recently I think 'recovered from the loss' might well in fact be 'recovered from the happy shock of finding out she has some valuable Bitcoin' ;-)
@_date: 2017-06-18 08:21:07
Brilliant article. 
Eric has been in some great interviews lately a well - he has a great way of explaining things.
Eric on Segwit: 
Eric on UASF and Bitcoin Scaling - 
Well worth the watch.
@_date: 2016-07-05 09:57:52
I did the exact same thing yesterday - 'send as zero fee transaction if possible' was checked in the qt client. Not sure why but haven't sent anything in over a year and I recall transactions only taking a few minutes to confirm then.
I have restored my wallet from a backup from the day before I sent that transaction, done a rescan and have sent again with a fee. I can imagine a few people wincing at the thought but from what I read this should work. (I backed up again before doing this).
Now both transactions are flagged as double spends on blockchain.info - I am assuming from what I have read here that once the one with the transaction fee clears (assuming it will be more likely to get picked up first because it contains a fee?) the other will get forgotten.
qt defaults the fee to 0.29603 mBTC/kB so I assume that is enough of a fee to see it processed in decent enough time?
EDIT:  1hour and 15 minutes later the second transaction (with fee) has now processed with 1 confirmation. Also - I'm not recommending you do what I did - it just seems to have worked for me and I knew that the fee-less transaction was the only change since my last wallet.dat backup.
@_date: 2017-06-18 18:01:18
If Segwit2X is already enforcing the orphaning of blocks that do not signal Segwit - there will be no split. See the link in my comment above for reference.
@_date: 2017-06-19 11:00:39
Yep - if it wasn't for the date set in stone by the UASF code I doubt we'd even have the Segwit2X proposal.
@_date: 2017-06-20 07:20:04
The article is wrong in that it states: 


Also incorrect:


Only signalling on bit 4 is counted towards the 80% activation threshold. Bit 1 signalling itself does NOT count towards the 80% needed to activate Segwit2X.
Once this has been met and a lock in period (of approx 2.33 days) has passed the Segwit2X code then starts orphaning blocks that do not signal bit 1 (segwit). 
EDIT: You can check for yourself here: 
Search for: 
    consensus.vDeployments[Consensus::DEPLOYMENT_SEGWIT2X].bit = 4;
  
@_date: 2016-07-04 16:31:22
She'll only get the wallets if I die. I should have said! They are being held by my Dad until then, who I trust. Guess that kind of means I don't trust my wife...Hmmmmm, never really thought about why I wasn't just giving them to her directly before your post.  Hope she doesn't read this.
@_date: 2017-06-01 05:52:08
I think maybe (?) he was referring to transactions that transferred coins to you on the non-148 chain not existing in a block on the 148 chain - so the effect of these transactions would disappear in a reorg.
If that's what they meant in their comment then the comment was poorly worded.
@_date: 2017-06-19 09:27:12
AntPool are now adding 'NYA' to their coinbase text as well... 
that's about 60% of hash rate doing it so far...
@_date: 2016-07-06 05:19:04
I know you asked about online wallets but would a paper one suit your needs? I've recently (very, it was yesterday) moved my Bitcoin to paper wallets. 
It was surprisingly easy but did take a bit of getting my head around the idea that I could store value by sending bitcoin to an address that I generated offline and have printed on a piece of paper and that will only ever be unlocked by scanning the qr code for the private key. Pretty amazing really. 
I followed the guide [here]( but there are many out there. You can then just import the private key into a client and send it on it when you need to spend/move it so it's not at all restricting.
If anything it has made me have a refreshed sense of amazement as to how Bitcoin works. 
@_date: 2017-06-30 06:14:43
Segwit2x signalling hasn't started yet. It's due to start July 21st. Explanation of [timing]( and [compatibility](
@_date: 2016-07-29 10:43:25
It will take a while. Just sit tight and it should be fine. PS - in the future when you shut Bitcoin-qt down make sure you wait until the closing down notification disappears before shutting your laptop down or disconnecting drives that your copy of the blockchain is stored on.
@_date: 2017-06-20 18:15:37
I hope that a lot of miners who signal Segwit2X see us through to activating Segwit then revert back to Core. I don't care if some of them Hard fork - I seriously doubt many people will follow and they will have ended up creating their own alt-coin. Fine by me.
@_date: 2017-06-19 13:51:38
You can call it a few things - not all of them complimentary ;-)
I agree and the point of my post was to let people know that this was not signalling bit 4 as it seems many have assumed it was.
@_date: 2017-06-20 15:09:18
They have reduced the signalling periods significantly so there will be 3-4 periods between July 21st and August 1st. 
The last of these would be the lock in period so there will be 2-3 periods (each about 2.33 days) where they can hit the 80%. 
They made this change recently when they merged the pull request from James Hilliard: 
So fingers crossed that those 2-3 shortened periods will be enough.
@_date: 2017-06-16 07:01:55


Wrong - more like 3 months.
From the Segwit2X Alpha Milestone post:
And the [code itself](
+static const unsigned int BIP102_FORK_BUFFER = (144 * 90);
144 blocks (about 1 day of mining) * 90 days.
So definitely not 6 months.
EDIT: added links
@_date: 2017-06-20 10:32:21
When 80% of miners are signalling for Segwit2X (using 'bit 4') it will activate code within Segwit2X that rejects any blocks that do not signal for Segwit BIP 141 (under BIP 9 'bit 1' signalling).
This results in a chain with 100% of blocks signalling for Segwit using bit 1 and the 95% threshold for BIP 9 is exceeded.
My ELI5 attempt as to how the mechanism works:
* Imagine you wanted a room full of people just wearing Blue shirts. 
* Currently you have a room with 6 people wearing Blue shirts and 4 wearing White.
* 8 of these people agree that when all 8 of them are waving their hands in the air they will remove anyone from the room who not wearing a Blue shirt.
* Initially a few start waving their hands and the people wearing White shirts get a bit worried so some of them change their shirts to Blue.
* After a bit of this there are now 8 people in the room waving their hands - all of whom are now wearing blue shirts. 
* The two remaining White shirt wearers have a choice to make quickly - either they also change into a blue shirt of they will be removed form the room.
* Eventually 9 of the original 10 end up in Blue shirts and the one remaining White shirt wearer is removed from the room.
* The room is now 100% full of Blue shirted people.
So if you want a chain where 100% of the blocks signal Segwit through BIP 9 you can first devise a signalling method (Segwit2X) that will encourage people to also signal Segwit and push it over the 95% needed or have their non-Segwit signalling blocks orphaned.
@_date: 2017-06-15 18:55:49
Love it :-)
@_date: 2017-06-15 11:33:41
Segwit2X would be run by miners only and - as per the latest PR - it would try and activate Segwit before August 1st - avoiding a chain split and giving us (including all old Segwit ready nodes) Segwit under the BIP 9 activation rules...
...If the miners then chose to carry on with their plans for a hardfork by running Segwit2X and the community thinks it isn't warranted then we just don't do anything - leave your node as it is running core (by then with Segit activated). They would be insane to HF when the vast majority of existing nodes don't support it. I for one would never run code produced by miners.


It wouldn't. Segwit2X would be run by miners and would (according to the latest PR) try and activate Segwit in time to avoid a chainsplit - the HF stuff comes later and I have no doubt that it will not be supported by the majority of users who would never update their nodes to run software that wasn't from Core.
@_date: 2017-06-01 06:34:33
Yes I agree, it shouldn't take long. The BIP 148 chain will always exist though - even if it isn't the winner as it where. It is never at risk of a reorg.
It would be nice to see a futures market for the two chains before the split as that would remove a lot of the uncertainty as to which way it will go I think.
The fact that the non-148 chain is at risk of a reorg may make a lot of people hesitant to buy on that chain during a split for fear of losing the coins they bought - which would deflate the price and may lead to the 148 chain having the greater value - as it isn't at risk or reorg.
Only time will tell... I have booked the first few days of August off work ;-)
@_date: 2017-06-20 17:26:19


This bit isn't quite right - on July 21st they will add the Segwit2X signal (bit 4) to their blocks in order to signal for Segwit2X. 
If 80% signal that (Segwit2X via bit 4) then Segwit2X activates after a short lock in period and begins orphaning (rejecting) blocks that *don't* signal for Segwit (BIP 141) via bit 1. This then results in 100% of blocks on that chain signalling for BIP 141 Segwit via bit 1.
@_date: 2017-06-20 14:00:18
There is a profit risk associated with that approach I'm afraid. Core is Segwit compatible but it won't reject non-Segwit signalling blocks.
If they want to ultimately get Segwit activated then they could either support UASF or Segwit2X (and then remove the Segwit2X code before the HF 3 months after Segwit activates).
If they just signalled bit 4 (and bit 1 so their blocks didn't get orphaned after Segwit2X activates) that could help push the signalling for Segwit2X over 80% and Segwit2X would then start orphaning non-Segwit signalling blocks. If that miner we are hypothesising was running Core and false signalling bit 4 they would not be enforcing this rule of Segwit2X themselves. This could mean that they could mine on top of a non-segwit signalling block and then have that orphaned when the 80%+ chain mined a longer chain. Even if their blocks also signal bit 1 and aren't rejected themselves - the chain they add to might be if they add on a non-Segwit signalling block.
So quick answer is - they are risking profit by doing this and would likely rather run the Segwit2X code itself once it's been tested and then decide what to do if Segwit is activated.
Hope that makes sense! I am somewhat of a visual learner myself so it's hard to describe over text alone!
EDIT: Just to clarify - if the miner we are using as an example runs UASF and if Segwit2X starts orphaning blocks before August 1st they will be mining on the same chain as Segwit2X because Segwit2X and UASF have the same validation rules after August 1st - we only accept blocks that signal Segwit bit 1. 