@_author: wisty
@_date: 2018-02-18 06:06:44
Yes they can.
Banks can offer to look after your bitcoins in a bitcoin denominated account. You give them your BC, they give you a savings balance and a small amount of interest (maybe larger in a term deposit).
Banks would make money by lending those bitcoins out at a higher amount of interest.
Yes, there's issues. What happens if there's a run on the banks? What happens if people don't repay loans? What happens if there's a robbery? What happens if some people don't trust the banks and want to keep their savings in their own vault? But all this is very standard.
But wait I hear you say, "The Government can't print bitcoin denominated bonds, so it will be like banks during the gold standard".
Really? The Fed can print out pieces of paper that say "we owe you 100 bitcoins, this is backed by the full faith and credit of the US government". Can you stop them? As long as they keep printing those bonds, and the banks take them, and people are happy with their "bitcoins" being managed by the banks, what's stopping it?
"Why would anyone want the banks to look after their bitcoins?" I hear you getting ready to ask. Well, most people don't care what the banks are doing with their Benjamins (or whether those Benjamins ever existed as anything other than a number in a database) as long as when they swipe their card the waiter doesn't look at them funny.
The current Bitcoin userbase might be keen on holding "physical" Bitcoins, but they are cryptocurrency enthusiasts and there's a lack of good alternatives. Why would a normal person want to keep "physical" Bitcoins on their phone when they can leave it with a bank and get interest, data protection, and probably much better security?
@_date: 2013-06-20 23:41:16
Increasing M0 won't always devalue the dollar. It's broad money that counts. Banks are wary of lending money (having been burnt a few years ago), so M0 has to increase to keep the dollar stable.
There's two options - keep M0 stable, and let the dollar increase in value (which sucks if you have a mortgage, or business loan, or your savings are in a bank which gets wiped out by defaults); or print more money (and signal that you'll keep printing if necessary) to keep things balanced. I guess you could encourage mass bankruptcies (wiping out mortgagees, banks, companies, etc), but for some reason this is unpopular. 
If bitcoin starts getting lent out by banks, it will have the same problems. If a crisis hits, you won't be able to get any bitcoins for love or money, because the banks will stop "printing" them (by lending out bitcoins they don't have in their vaults). And there's no way to QE out, because you can't mine a significant number of bitcoins in a hurry.
Conspiracy theory - China is changing their stance on the Yuan (letting it rise), so a lot of investors are trying to get a slice of the action. Whether that's a smart thing to do (given the rumours of China's hidden debts) is debatable, but that won't stop people speculating. If they make a short term profit, they'll get a bonus. If things go pear shaped, and everyone was doing it, they'll tell their boss that nobody could see it coming. Watch your pension fund at work.
@_date: 2013-06-21 20:34:27


If they can force banks to stop lending like madmen, or banks stay conservative for their own good, it shouldn't be a problem. Worst case scenario (IMO) - high inflation for a decade. It's better than another Great Depression.


There's less moral hazard, but just as much of a stupid irrational banker hazard. There were crises under the gold standard.


We just came out of the Great Moderation, several decades in which the Fed (and the bankers) were convinced that they'd gotten everything right. 


This is an extremely bold claim. It assumes that the financial community never makes mistakes. I thought only the "Nobel" Prize winners in the Chicago school believed that crap. And the Austrians.  
Regulations may make bubbles more likely to appear; but I'd argue that while this might be true, the flexibility of a fiat system allows crises to be resolved faster, despite the fact that they may occur more often. If you want to tell me that the you think that the flexibility of a fiat system (as it's currently run) does not sufficiently compensate for the increased number of bubbles; I have to admit I can't prove you wrong. 