@_author: withap
@_date: 2018-09-17 11:21:11
The hedge funds gain access to liquidity before any other participants in the market do. This order flow works as retail client -&gt; brokerage firm -&gt; HFT/Hedge Fund and if the order is within Reg NMS NBBO then they can take the trade. If the price is better somewhere else they have to match or send the order onto an exchange. Sending liquidity to an exchange (nyse, nasdaq, nasdaq Bx, directedge, edgex, etc) costs the HFT/HF exchange fees, matching to NBBO is “free” for them. You don’t have to match trades on an exchange in the US, you just have to offer the best price or pass the order onto an exchange for public price discovery. 
Send an order off the market via Etrade or Fidelity and the order will make it to the market, ex buy AAPL 1 No fund will match that order so they pass it on. The info is valuable that you think it will go down to 200,  if big $ or high volume trends with your sentiment.  The trades not taken by the HFT/Funds is known by some as the “exhaust” trade feed.
So early and exclusive access to liquidity and first access to trade data is extremely valuable. HFTs made hundreds of millions when Spread Networks cut the RTT between the CME 350 East Cermak Chicago and nasdaq at 1400 Federal Blvd Carteret from 16ms to ~13.1ms....massive amounts of profit because these firms were able to know stock data before the rest of the futures markets traders in Chicago (CME e-mini S&amp;P 500, ES contract). Same thing occurred with the deployment of microwave networks which takes us to ~7ms RTT between these sites.
So no, firms can’t “front run” your trades when they get exclusive order flow from a firm like robin hood. They can front run everyone else at outside venues based on the trade data they’ve just received. 
-10+ years working in the equities and derivatives financial space specifically with trading systems. I also worked for an HFT that had people in high places at these types of firms that pay for retail order flow. 
