@_author: withaminutetogo
@_date: 2014-02-26 02:32:01
No I am not. Do you have a link for further information? I would need to see how the claim is being argued, in order to answer the priority question.
@_date: 2014-02-26 12:57:39
Well I won't let my reservations stand in your way if you think it's worthwhile consulting a broader group on a plan. I would be happy to help with you and Daniel in the initial organizing effort while you tee up steering committee members and eventually bankruptcy counsel (I am not pitching for and wouldn't be in a position to take any formal role for myself). I do think the best course is to get this to some reputable US bankruptcy counsel as soon as you think you have the numbers to do this - whoever emerges as your lead holders on a steering committee will have their own preferences as to that (given the fee backstop).
Anyone organising a list, PM me and I'll forward my details.
@_date: 2014-02-25 16:34:05
Yes please see my comment above for discussion of the potential competition. 
There are some cases I am aware of off the top of my head: a gold investment fund, and some wine investment funds. Those were actually the inverse of what you have here however: in those cases, as you would expect, the shortfall was in cash, not the physical assets, and it was the physical asset account holders arguing that their physical was segregated from the estate, free from the claims of general creditors. (Some won, some lost - all depended on the specific terms of the contract regarding the use of client assets).
@_date: 2014-02-26 14:27:11
Contact email sent.
I tried checking in on the irc but nothing was there. Will you take this offline on to email going forward?
@_date: 2014-02-26 02:30:51
The insurance would not be insuring the bitcoin or bitcoin account holders. If it was taken out, it is "directors and officers insurance", insuring the directors and managers of the company against claims for negligence.
To access the insurance policy, what would happen is the liquidator of Mt Gox would sue the directors/managers for a claim in negligence. For example, negligence in the systems they set up to protect against and monitor the occurrence of BTC theft. If such a claim was successful, any insurance payout would be paid into the general estate, to be distributed to the estate's creditors.
Note of course the insurer would no doubt be seeking to defend any such proceedings, including by attempting to avoid the policy on the basis of fraud etc.
Any proceedings in the washout of any company liquidation get messy, costly and protracted. But it is something that does play out and worth mentioning as a source of recovery or partial recovery of account holders' funds. Again, all this assuming the directors did as they should have done, and taken out a D&amp;O policy in the first place.
@_date: 2014-02-25 17:10:18
According to the leaked document, there is approx $32 million in cash / callable cash assets on hand, against $52 million of liabilities, so it doesn't look like a Madoff / total write off. I am used to seeing general creditor recoveries in the order of &lt;10 cents on the dollar, so those numbers aren't actually as bad as they could have been. 
Regarding the insurance, I've never come across an instance where directors didn't have this, they'd be very poorly advised and at risk personally if they didn't. Of course it's possible. On the exclusions, you are right you can exclude fraud but not (typically) gross negligence. 
@_date: 2014-02-26 13:25:31
All that information looks right to me.
@_date: 2014-02-25 16:26:59
That's a great question. I haven't read the leaked doc yet but will do so, and come back if it gives me more color to add.
However, you are absolutely right that there is a potential competition between fiat creditors and BTC creditors here. The fiat creditors would be arguing that any cash on hand is held in custody for their accounts and should go to them personally, rather than into the general asset pool to go to all creditors (ie - fiat and BTC as a lumped-together whole).
As you say, this is a unique case where it's not like a bank, where regulations are in place governing that kind of thing. It will therefore turn on (a) any particular Japanese laws on these things - I would call that less than a coin toss in favour of fiat creditors - and so then (b) general law principles, specifically, the terms of the account holders' contracts. You would be looking for something that says the monies held in the account are held "on trust" or any similar type of "segregation" arrangement, that suggests the monies are held separately from the general assets of the estate.
Generally, it requires making a pretty clear case for a class of creditors to establish such an arrangement - because of its obvious advantages to them and disadvantage to the other creditors.
But clearly, if there is a big differential between any fiat deficit vs any BTC deficit - and if these losses aren't proportionate to all creditors, then there is a prospect of a fight between those classes in any BK.
@_date: 2014-02-26 16:07:58
Excellent to hear. 