@_author: wittlebox
@_date: 2017-07-21 17:51:23
Everyone in this thread has no idea what the fuck they're talking about. You're claiming some "victory" but this whole softfork nonsense is the USG trying to subvert Bitcoin. You can claim "conspiracy theory!11!" all you want, but the fact of the matter is Bitcoin poses an existential threat to some very powerful groups who will stop at nothing to keep their throne.
SegWit is a 51% attack to enforce new rules on the network. You are all cheering as you upgrade your nodes without reading the code that you are installing on the machine. What does SegWit give you? Slightly bigger blocks? You're willing to risk the greatest software project that has created a pocket of financial freedom on this Earth for a one time bandaid to a non-problem for those who own Bitcoins?
SegWit is retarded, you are changing the code so that you now send bitcoins to anyone-can-spend addresses. You claim that the miners are corrupt, yet you are willing to risk your bitcoins by sending them to pay-to-anyone scripts that the miners can sweep up at anytime.
You are trying to force new rules onto an unwilling economic majority. I don't care how many fake reddit accounts you created or idiots you've tricked to make it seem like you have any form of consensus. You may have duped the miners for now, but if at any point in the future you lose your ability to continue your 51% attack, you will be punished for trying to implement new illegitimate rules to the network.
Your coins that are put into "anyone-can-spend" addresses will be lost, because miners who are not playing by your stupid rules (intended to decrease the node count that has a copy of all txns and their corresponding signatures) will take your coins.
SoftFork at your own peril.
@_date: 2017-07-21 21:12:40
Aha yes because "all of the users" are going to download your new altcoin software. If you don't accept a valid chain, and you wind up creating a shorter chain, hit me up because I will have a lot of "bitcoins" to sell you at, let's say, ~$200 a piece.