@_author: wittystick
@_date: 2019-07-31 17:58:02
If you've frequented any forum full of lefties, this is a common complaint. [example]( Another common complaint is that "Bitcoin will fail because it is deflationary and my economics professor told me that inflation is necessary to avoid depressions."
(Note that inflation by printing money is theft from savers. In other words: Socialism)
[Here's]( an example of it caught on camera.
Some other cryptocurrency projects which have alternative generation strategies have advertised themselves as "being more fairly distributed" as a selling point for their projects. There are people who are more concerned about "fairness" than their own success who'll be gullible enough to follow that.
Socialists will hate Bitcoin as soon as they realize what it is really about. Many of them will jump on board projects like Ethereum instead, where "the community is nice" is more important than having sound money.
I'll just make it clear again. **Bitcoin destroys socialism**. This one invention has made certain that no socialists will ever get into power again. It will be fun to watch socialists throw tantrums as they keep missing their opportunity to get wealthier because they're "more concerned about the unequal distribution of bitcoin."
@_date: 2019-07-14 21:08:19
Use a Coldbit Steel (or Coldbit Passphrase if you want to go cheap) to put your BIP39 phrase onto.
Store it however you like - somewhere it will not be found.
No, you shouldn't be hiding your trezor - you should keep it on your person as you would do with a traditional wallet.
If you have significant bitcoin on your trezor, you're doing it wrong. A trezor should be like a wallet - not a savings account. You need a two-tier storage system, where you have your liquid bitcoin on the trezor and your savings on a separate cold wallet whose seed or private keys *never* touch an internet connected machine.
@_date: 2019-07-26 11:35:02
Yes, you will be paying peers in the network, but it will be vastly better.
What's better is there is competition. Huge amounts of it. Everyone is in competition to provide information, and this will mean lower costs for everyone for almost everything. The market will be making the decisions, not the boardroom in some office in Silicon Valley.
Say you visit some town X in the middle of nowhere. Who do you think is better to ask where you should eat: 1. A local of X, or 2. Some tech guy in Silicon valley?
Of course you don't need to answer that. We already use  on the various food recommendation websites which exist, where people are submitting their reviews *for free* (doing unpaid labour).
When people realize they can get paid for that labour (submitting reviews), or even better, stake their own money and reputation on advertizing a service with the expectation of earning a commission in future, then the existing services will become obsolete. They're already full of fake reviews and bought ratings.
@_date: 2019-07-16 01:37:10
You're still parroting. Have you actually taken much time to think about this before repeating what you have been told? The great depression was *casued* by economic meddling. The problems began before the 1920s.. Gee, I wonder what else happened at this time (aside from WW1).
Inflation does not fix anything. It merely drives the price of everything upwards. The effects are very temporary, and do not promote long term growth. Wages are stagnant and have been since the 70s, because wage increases can't even keep up with inflation. How long does it take for a young person to buy and pay off a house now, versus what it did in the 60s? (Hint; most people can't afford it).
The improved standard of living we have today is a result of *capitalism*, not *inflation*. Capitalism reduces costs through innovation, and people being able to risk their own **capital** (aka, savings) to better their lives, which is beneficial to all involved. Inflation gradually chips away and destroys capital, reducing the risk taking ability of its owners. [Inflation can be cured](
The real question is, how much better could the world be right now if prices were not artificially inflated by meddling in the currency supply? We don't really know because we don't have a parallel world to compare it to. There are some historical examples which suggest that the market makes much better decisions than a board of unelected "economists" who have a prior agenda to keep the printers spinning because their financiers profit massively from it.
Stop reading the nonsense they're selling and teaching in their brainwashing academies (universities). You can learn everything you need to know about economics at the [Mises institute]( (online).
@_date: 2019-07-25 19:25:43
Q: What would people who piss away money when they live paycheck to paycheck do if they get a chunky handout given to them?
A: Piss it away.
There are much better ways to use money than to give it to people who are consistently bad at utilizing it. You can help them in other ways (eg, through innovation).
One outcome of Bitcoin is that it will generally lower people's time preference across the economic spectrum. This will benefit them individually (as they'll accumulate value over time, rather than lose it due to inflation), and it will help the larger society, which will have more capital to invest into useful projects.
@_date: 2019-07-15 13:26:24
Because the human error is your own error.
If the hardware wallet is exploited, it is somebody else's error (the developer who wrote the bugs), and you certainly won't be a happy bunny about it.
There is a big difference in life when you blame yourself versus blaming somebody else.
The former makes you modest, the latter makes you bitter and resentful.
@_date: 2019-07-14 22:59:11
No. The hardware wallet shows that information *if it is working normally*.
In the event that it became compromised, it would not be working normally.
You must understand that the Trezor and Ledger are simply general purpose computers (STM32 microprocessors). They run code for transferring data over USB and they run code for displaying information on the LCD. The code runs in the same memory module. There isn't a separate cryptographic coprocessor. Any serious exploit found in the USB interfacing code in these devices could compromise the entire device.
@_date: 2019-07-15 02:04:15
In 2017, people went from never having heard of Bitcoin to FOMO. This process cannot be repeated because nearly the entire world now already knows what Bitcoin is (even if they don't understand it). Anything they hear about Bitcoin from now on is going to be adding to their understanding of it - and as they continue to see price increases year upon year, they will be unable to resist the urge to put some money of their own into it because of the expectation of returns. 
Most people will initially lose money because they'll buy high and sell low - being unable to resist the sell as soon as they think they might lose some money. When bitcoin again recovers from those drops, those who sodl'd themselves will learn the valuable lesson of hodling for longer term. As more people hodl, the liquidity pool of tradeable bitcoin decreases, causing more demand for the shrinking liquidity and further driving up prices.
@_date: 2019-07-08 16:23:00
Coinbase are hostile to Bitcoin. They've acted maliciously multiple times: In trying to push a contentious hardfork, in scamming people through insider trading before listing new coins, and in temporarily suspending some markets when they've fell out of their favour for insider trading. (eg, when the first listed BCH). They've also recruited experts in spying on people's financial activity once they've withdrawn their Bitcoin from Coinbase (via chain analysis).
Armstrong has made it pretty clear that he is a "blockchain, not Bitcoin" person, who is only in it for the money and is a "yes, sir" person to the State.
OTOH, Kraken's Jessie Powell's position on Bitcoin has been very clearly in support, and he is even willing to risk losing business opportunity to avoid legislation hostile to Bitcoin (such as in NY). That's a man who puts his money where his mouth is, and we should actively support those kind of businesses and shun the former.
@_date: 2019-07-26 11:28:27
No it wasn't. Etherium was made by idiots, for idiots.
Etherium ain't gonna change shit. People not building on Bitcoin are wasting their time and will be made obsolete by those who are all in on Bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-07-31 23:27:55
The supply is *predictable* and *finite*. Eventually, no new coins will ever be created.
The software was written so that every 210,000 blocks, the subsidy is divided by 2, using floored division. The internal representation uses satoshis, as integers. When the subsidy eventually reaches 0.00000001 BTC (1 satoshi), then the next halving will result in a subsidy of 0.00000000BTC. This will be the perpetual subsidy for the lifetime of Bitcoin.
Bitcoin is initially *inflationary* with the subsidy, but eventually *deflationary* when no new coins are created, and some coins are lost or unspendable, reducing the effective available supply.
To consider how this makes Bitcoin useful as a "stable" representation of value - consider the upper limit to be *measurable* and *auditable*. When you possess some bitcoin, you possess a specific portion of the total measurable bitcoin supply. This specific portion could only ever *increase*, but never *decrease*. This means you will not lose purchasing power due to the decisions of other people about how much money should exist - because they will not be able to control its supply.
This is very much *unlike* the existing fiat economy, where you can never measure how many dollars you have as a portion of the total number of dollars in circulation. There is no way you could measure how many dollars there are. Nobody knows. The purchasing power of your dollars changes (for the worse) every year. Economists call this "inflation". The Keynesian's who run the system like to refer to inflation like they refer to the weather - as if they are forecasting it. In reality, the inflation is created almost entirely by them - through the printing of new money by the Federal Reserve.
@_date: 2019-07-08 03:11:05
The ideal is that people take responsibility for their own actions and stop being moddycoddled by the State.
@_date: 2019-07-26 14:06:32
I'm not suggesting they are going to round up their customers and start filtering based on what they report.
I'm suggesting they're going to take the same "culprits" that they deem "intolerant" on social media, and start blocking them from their service. Examples: Alex Jones, PJW, Sargon of Akkad. I'd be surprised if they don't already. (Although I imagine they have better sense than to use Uber).
Also, what you call "radical beliefs" are just "political beliefs" to somebody else.
@_date: 2019-07-31 18:11:59
The ASIC manufacturers are located in Taiwan (TSMC).
The mining facilities are global.
The pools can pop up and go down by simply configuring a DNS record.
Miners will simply relocate to the cheapest energy sources, anywhere on the globe. If anywhere else offers as cheap as China, people will move. The only reason it is so cheap in China is because the government subsidize it.
@_date: 2019-07-15 06:38:39
Won't happen. Bitcoin can't be "regulated".
The stability you're looking for can only happen by hyperbitcoinization - if you eliminate the dollar, then people can receive stable value in Bitcoin, and not need to compare it to anything volatile like the dollar.
The value of Bitcoin is not its USD conversion rate. It is a direct measurement of a fraction of the TBS (Total Bitcoin Supply). Bitcoin is initially inflationary and then eventually a fixed rate, with perhaps some small deflation due to *provably unspendable* coins.
In effect, Bitcoin is the SI unit of value measurement. It is completely self-referencing, and does not require external magic to determine how big your share of the TBS is.
The value of the dollar will be measured in terms of Bitcoin - the standard unit. When you look at it from this perspective, the value of the dollar is incredibly unstable and has been shrinking massively over time. 9 years ago you could purchase a dollar for only 100 bitcoins. Today you can purchase a dollar for 0.0001 bitcoins.
Even Jones is not going to put dollars in a bank once he realizes the rate at which their value is declining.
@_date: 2019-07-26 10:16:16
There is still plenty of opportunity for people to earn money by developing software and providing services. The difference will be that of the internet versus intranets. The walled garden services will not be able to survive against free and ubiquitous protocols once they've become widespread. The people delivering the best software which interacts with the open network will reap the rewards.
The services which use these protocols (eg, taxi firms) have the incentive to fund the development of the front-facing applications, as they will want people to use those versus using Uber. The taxi firms will jump on the prospect of being able to earn without paying the ridiculous rates of Uber.
The difference between this and TCP is simply money. When people realize that nearly all of their online interactions can be monetized, and that they can take almost all of the profit without middlemen, the legacy protocols will only survive as historical archives. There might still be a level of altruism where people pay out of their own pocket to host content, but the majority will monetize it directly.
Future internet protocols will not be built directly on TCP/IP, they will be built on Lightning or similar networks - where bandwidth consumed can be monetized directly with micropayments. This will provide the simplest and most streamlined experience possible. People will not need to enter credit card details, and sign up for hundreds of different websites. Their "web browser" will automatically make payments as they access content, subject to a spending policy they can control themselves. (I put "web browser" in quotes, because it will not be technology based on today's web, but better protocols which obsolete the existing ones).
Previous P2P networks have had limited adoption because they *consume resources*. If you want to run a Tor relay for example, it consumes your bandwidth, and you receive nothing for it, other than a sense of wellbeing as you're contributing to the open web. However, when Lightning becomes widespread, you will be able to operate an onion relay which *earns money* for relaying encrypted traffic for other people. The uptake of such P2P protocol will completely dwarf the adoption that Tor has managed to achieve, and will make it a completely unstoppable force for the despotic governments around the world trying to censor the web.
@_date: 2019-07-26 11:54:33
Yes and no. There are some projects offering a kind of replacement for some of these services, but if you think that those which exist now are adequate replacements, you're lacking in imagination.
@_date: 2019-07-14 22:30:15
No. The stamps are purchased separately. Coldbit sell them, but you can pick them up cheaper elsewhere (ebay).
Also, the tl;dr is in a table at the bottom of the page (Results and Rankings)
@_date: 2019-07-06 21:56:14
Britain has been an EU-sceptic since before it joined. It was forced into joining without popular consent by Heath (who was blackmailed by the Germans). The British people only ever voted to remain in the EEC. All further integration of the UK into the EU was conducted without the consent of the governed. The Brexit vote was the first time the British had ever had to voice their consent of EU membership, and the result was absolutely clear.
 
This is nothing whatsoever to do with the downturn of a decade ago. Britain suffered too, but came out OK and now has a great economy. The new EU downturn is just starting, and we're trying to evade the impact.
Britain tried to jump ship and swim away, but the Ship's captain has restrained us and is begging us not to leave.
Keep your party. We're not interested, and we don't care if we have to go through some economic hard times because there is land on the other side of the horizon.
Your party will turn sour very quickly.
@_date: 2019-07-14 23:09:12
The (GOOD) hardware wallet you describe does not exist yet.
Trezor and Ledger use general purpose microprocessors.
@_date: 2019-07-26 06:17:00
Imagine what is going to happen to Uber, Facebook, Alibaba and Airbnb when somebody creates a peer-to-peer open protocol and software which allows customers to reach taxi drivers without middlemen and pay directly in bitcoin. When somebody creates a social media protocol where people can talk directly and transact, cutting out that middleman. When people can easily host their own retail store online and accept payments in bitcoin. When people can rent out their homes or spare rooms with Bitcoin directly and advertise it over the peer to peer network.
Bitcoin is the only one on the list which will stand the test of time. The others are temporary solutions, which will simply be replaced by a protocol which cuts out the middleman - the same as Bitcoin has done to banks.
@_date: 2019-07-06 21:38:18
I sincerely hope the divorce is complete by then.
@_date: 2019-07-15 00:08:09
My recommendation is aimed at people who intend to save significant sums of money.
If they are not capable of doing the above without fucking up, they would hire somebody who is.
If you're only dealing with trivial amounts of money, then sure, a Trezor is just fine.
@_date: 2019-07-31 22:13:47




@_date: 2019-07-06 21:27:11
Don't worry. When Brexit happens, all of those multinats with offices in Dublin who are benefiting from the EU tax loop holes to avoid paying taxes in Britain will have to move over the other side of the Irish Sea. It's going to be great for your economy!
@_date: 2019-07-15 15:38:45


You can already perform credit checks and such on companies.
One problem here is that scammers know this and already have ways to improve their scams.
One approach used is that they buy up ageing companies which are losing their market, but still have good credit records. They run the business down and sell the assets, but falsify their accounts to look as though they're still going OK. In the mean time, they build up a ton of credit from as many companies as they can and then disappear quickly.
I've experienced this first hand. Always done due diligence, but there was nothing to suggest the company I was dealing with was no longer in business. They paid back the first few times they were offered credit to build up trust. After their credit limit was increased, they disappeared.
The same thing could be done in LN. Age is not a sufficient metric to determine credibility because it does not indicate any change of ownership.
@_date: 2019-07-14 10:07:16
I prayed to God that he would reduce the price of Bitcoin so that I could stack more sats.
Delivery is proof of the LORD.
@_date: 2019-07-31 23:40:50
[An ATM](
@_date: 2019-07-26 13:00:27
I'm describing protocols where the producers are also the consumers - they all pay for what they use, and they all earn for what they contribute.
I'm not talking about free as in beer, but free as in speech.
@_date: 2019-07-14 09:35:17
It is easy to be convinced of anything when you aren't familiar with the fundamentals. Until you learn the basic principles of Austrian Economics, you will easily be persuaded by snake oil peddlers. They are selling something which is very different to Bitcoin.
The misunderstanding really comes about due to the lack of understanding of economics. People who know nothing about money but plenty about technology think that they can simply redo Bitcoin but better. They fail to realize that Bitcoin was an innovation in money, and the specific way it is implemented in technology is merely the means to enable that monetary innovation. It is something which cannot be repeated because Bitcoin is already *complete* in providing that innovation. Just like you can't invent the wheel a second time, you can't reinvent Bitcoin.
The key innovations are these: There is a permanent fix for inflation, and, every user is sovereign over the validation of their own coins and the ledger containing them.
A "hard fork," by definition, destroys the latter part of that statement. If there exists an "authority" which can issue a hard fork, and then, by definition you must upgrade your software to continue to use the technology, then you are absolutely not sovereign over the validation of your own coins and the ledger. The "authority" conducting the hard forks is the one in control.
Because "validating your own coins and the ledger" incurs a cost - it is essential that this cost be kept to an absolute minimum in order for this rule to be practically applied by all users. In this regard, the block size in Bitcoin might even be *too large* already. Ideally, it needs to be smaller so that this cost is cut back, and everyone can be their own validator. This can't happen though, because we can't turn back time to make the decision again. The decision was made already, and it was arbitrarily chosen, but that doesn't matter. The decision cannot be changed because changing it would go back to violating the sovereignty rule - it would *require* people to follow the software which is issued by some "authority".
Hard forks will *never* happen in Bitcoin. The sooner people understand this the sooner we can continue dealing with reality and building practical solutions like LN.
@_date: 2019-07-06 23:03:08
Britcoin was the name of an exchange which was trading Bitcoin back in 2011. I believe it was the first to offer BTC/GBP trades.
@_date: 2019-07-15 00:53:26
Bitcoin will certainly reach $1million, just not as quickly as some people think. It will probably take another decade, possibly longer.
Trump simply wants what is best for America - and in the short term that is a strong dollar, but in the long term it is that America is the world leader in everything related to Bitcoin, because Bitcoin simply cannot be stopped and is only going to continue going up until it obsoletes everything else - after which people won't be competing for it any more than they compete to get dollars now - they will simply be paid their wages in Bitcoin, they'll pay their bills in Bitcoin, and they'll make their purchases in Bitcoin.
If America leads in Bitcoin adoption, then it will profit from the straddling nations who take longer to adopt Bitcoin. America will sell its Bitcoin expertise, software and services to the rest of the world, because it is way ahead of everyone else.
This is 2030. The USD still exists as a niche for the small minority who can't make the conversion to the new economy. Merchants will (reluctantly) still accept dollars as payment because they are required by law. They'll convert dollars to Bitcoins at the end of the working day because they'll be worth much less tomorrow. Either that or the Fed gets terminated and the dollar value gets pegged to Bitcoin, in a kind of reverse role of Tether.
@_date: 2019-07-26 11:50:35


You won't need to know anyone in town X. The software on your phone will query some directory service over a p2p network. The only difference is it won't be taking the opinion of one company, but will be taking an aggregate opinion.
Yes, you will probably be paying for each search, but the payments will be in millisatoshis. They won't even be worth thinking about.
@_date: 2019-07-15 13:07:03
No, you missed the point. To call something "volatile", you need a point of reference to say what is volatile against. You can say, for example, "the USD is volatile against all other commodities", but this is just hocus pocus and cannot be accurately defined.
You can't say that other commodities are volatile versus the USD either, because the USD has no reference rate - it changes depending on how much the fed arbitrarily decides to inflate it this term. This years dollars are certainly not worth what last years dollars were - and this isn't merely due to "goods have become more expensive."
Bitcoin can be compared for volatility against the USD, but this is meaningless, because the USD itself is volatile. What you're measuring is not simply "bitcoin volatility", because it carries the volatility of all goods and services with it.
However, there is a very precise, specific measurement you can make about bitcoin, which is that some bitcoin amount is a very specific portion of a precisely measurable, predictable and auditable upper limit, which I have called the TBS above.
No other commodity in history has had such ability to measure *how much of it exists*. Not dollars, not anything. Bitcoin is the first, and will be the last. Your Bitcoin as a measure of the amount of the TBS is precise - subject only to some initial inflation while the currency is still being minted, but eventually fixed. It is auditable at the time by anybody.
For the first time in history, there is an instrument which can be measured *against itself*, such that you can know that you own a specific portion of its totality, and that portion cannot be diminished except by the predictable inflation programmed into the protocol.
This makes Bitcoin become the "SI" unit of value measurement. Your measurements are not subject to the economic circumstances of the time or place - but merely as a measurement of one specific value of bitcoin, and what portion of the TBS that is at the time of measurement. The perfect *reference rate*.
Every other commodity will be measured *in comparison* to that reference rate.
The same way that and inch is defined as 0.022m, and a m is defined as how far light travels in a vacuum in 1/299792458 of a second, and a second is defined as 9192631770 ground-state hyperfine transitions of the caesium-133 atom.
A dollar will be defined as being measured by a certain bitcoin value at a certain date and time. The date and time can be used to determine what the TBS was at the time, and the value can be represented as a percentage of the TBS.
That means that I can take a current exchange rate of $10,000, a current TBS of 17,817,963, and a future historian will know exactly how much value that the dollar had at the time of writing. It works out that the *absolute value* of the dollar is 5.6 x 10^-12 TBS at the time of writing.
The future historian will be able to compare the cost of the dollar at his time of writing. He will recognize that the exchange rate of the dollar will be $1,000,000, and that the TBS at his time of writing will be 20,999,999, and thus, the *absolute value*  of the dollar in his time will be 4.8 x 10^-14 TBS.
When he compares the dollar of today versus his day, he will be able to measure precisely how much it has declined in value, without any external reference to other economic factors.
Bitcoin **is** the reference rate. Everything else is measured in comparison to it.
It is not possible to measure the value of goods in comparison to other goods, because they have no reference rate, ever.
Once this realization reaches more people, that there exists a very precise measurement of value over time and space, then you will see people quickly realize how the value of their other assets are diminishing in relation to it. They will embrace Bitcoin in its entirety, and dread the though of every having to accept dollars for payment again.
@_date: 2019-07-08 16:28:18
It isn't. You are not using Bitcoin with Coinbase card, you are using fiat. Please learn and understand the difference between these. Just because the amounts are denominated in bitcoin does not mean you are using Bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-07-26 11:40:47


Who paid Satoshi Nakamoto?
Who paid Richard Stallman?
Who paid Linus Torvalds?
Who paid _INSERT_FREE_SOFTWARE_DEVELOPER_NAME_?
Software can be developed for free. I'm not suggesting that this needs to be the case. There are ways to monetize software other than creating walled gardens and spying on your users.
@_date: 2019-07-14 23:29:26
If you are ultimately paranoid, you don't even need a goddamn computer. You can calculate the public keys you need by doing elliptic curve multiplication by hand. You can also sign transactions using scalar and elliptic curve multiplication and a coin toss or dice throw for randomness. However, this won't be much fun and may take a while.
The offline device I'm describing is merely meant to be a calculator for elliptic curve multiplication. If *could* be a calculator if you have a calculator capable of performing those operations. No need for a Raspberry Pi.
@_date: 2019-07-07 15:54:21
The source of energy will not deter the socialist idiots from trying to attack Bitcoin - they still come up with more absurdities to spread FUD.
A common one is that "Those renewable energies could be put to better use than Bitcoin." 
These retards think that electricity is demanded to meet supply - not that it is supplied to meet demand.
Bitcoin is going to propel renewable energy research faster than any previous efforts combined. There's a simple reason for it: Mining profitability is inversely proportional to the cost of electricity. For miners to increase their profit, they have one simple aim: reduce the cost of the electricity.
Cheaper, more abundant energy is coming - and it isn't the virtue signalling keyboard warriors who is going to create it, but the alleged "ecocidal" Bitcoin miners.
@_date: 2019-07-06 20:08:52
An undervalued Pound means that the UK products and services are now on sale. All exports are reduced price!
This also means that any levies the EU may place onto British products after Brexit has also been offset by the cheap pound. Europeans will not be paying any more for British goods, and will continue to import them, if not *increase* their imports from Britain.
With a strong domestic economy, exports which are now set to grow because British products are unfairly cheap, and the *majority* of imports to be reduced in price with the scrapping of EU levies, what kind of delusion must you be living in to think that Britain's economy is going to shambles?
The EU is a sinking ship. Britain is going to thrive. The Germans and the French should be stacking sats, because they're going to be hit hardest by the inevitable fragmentation of their union.
@_date: 2019-07-26 13:18:20
All that needs to happen is the software gets built, and the content providers will come.
Consider for example, a Youtuber who might average 10k views per video.
Lets say it costs them 1c to deliver the video (bandwidth).
They charge 10c for viewers to watch the video.
That's a potential 9c * 10,000 views, or $900 per video. Most viewers are not going to be fussed about paying 10c to view some content they like.
Q: How much does Youtube pay content creators for 10k views?
A: pennies.
It will be an absolute no-brainer for content creators. They won't even consider going back to Youtube once they realize how much they're being ripped off.
Consumers will be happy that they can support their content creators directly without viewing shitty ads.
@_date: 2019-07-26 11:58:16
There will be no meddling. The middle-men in the p2p network will be oblivious to what they're storing, transmitting or computing. They'll simply be taking payments and following some instructions to forward information to somebody else. Failure to follow the instructions will be their own loss (no payment!)
It will be nothing like the existing middle men who are all voyeurists, and would love to stick a camera and microphone in your bedroom if they had the chance.
@_date: 2019-07-14 23:45:42
I'm not talking about "exploiting the USB cable." What are you talking about?
I'm talking about the USB code which runs on the Trezor. It runs on a general purpose micoprocessor. There is a non-zero chance that this code contains bugs.
Physical access is needed to spend from a Trezor *on the assumption that the device not been exploited*.
@_date: 2019-07-26 11:44:49
The paywall you get on some news websites is a sample of the future web you will be browsing.
Unless you pay, it won't be accessible, and you will have to resort to piracy to obtain it. (Which is fine, but it's a hassle).
The difference is that a paywall won't be asking you for "$30/month" to subscribe to something where you are going to read one or two articles a month.
Instead, it will be a paywall asking you for 30 satoshis to view the article. No sign-up, no subscription, unless you opt-in to such.
@_date: 2019-07-14 22:21:35
Cryptosteel didn't perform great on Jameson Lopp's stress tests, found here:
I usually recommend a ColdBit, but there are a bunch of others in the conclusion which all receive an A rating over all the tests.
@_date: 2019-07-06 23:12:51
Stop getting your news from Reddit. Have you not worked out yet that it's a leftist propaganda rag?
European nations are not going to "make an example" out of the UK because UK exports are a big part of their economies. The individual nations of the EU will be *competing with each other* to offer products to the UK at the best prices.
The UK will be free to set its own tariffs on EU imports. If the EU wanted to start a trade war, the consequences would be dire for the EU - imagine if Britain put a tariff on EU cars and slashed tariffs for Japanese or American cars, or put tariffs on EU wines and offered free trade deals for South Africa, Chile, Australia and the US for wines to keep down prices?
 
A trade war is not an option for the EU. The UK can find alternative suppliers for most of its products. The EU would struggle to find alternative buyers for what it sells to the UK.
Yes, in the short term the pound might do badly, so hedging in Bitcoin would be a good option. I'd suggest it would be especially wise for EU citizens to hedge in BTC, because the Euro isn't going to recover - but the pound will - unless hyperbitcoinization happens before then.
@_date: 2019-07-15 12:15:26


That's part of your "intellectual superiority complex". You think that reading and writing skills alone are an adequate sign of intelligence. You think that "schooling" is a good replacement for "education".
Most people who ace their academic studies would never be able to run businesses. They wouldn't have a fucking clue where to begin. (I know, because I was once in that position myself.)
Life skills are far more important the intelligence once you escape from the academy. Trump has them, big style.


There is a correlation throughout history where relaxing regulation leads to booming economies. Britain from 1846, Japan from 1867, Hong Kong from 1940s, Taiwan from 1970s, China since 1980s, Vietnam right now (the fastest growing economy int the world). In each example, most regulations were scrapped and the market was allowed free reign. The economies in each case boomed.
It is dumb socialists that ignore the effects of government and the economy and think that it is some strange coincidence that economies with the fewest restrictions on trade seem to do better than those with higher regulatory burdens.


Perhaps the reason that many Brits and Aussies share a liking for Trump is because they remember being part of once great nations which had great economies, and are sick of seeing the hard work of their ancestors being pissed away by socialist, country-hating, anti-semitic and State worshipping morons - all apparently seem to reflect the opponents of Trump.
@_date: 2019-07-08 16:36:07
It is a custodial wallet and you are not in control of your funds. This is no different from keeping your money in a bank.
I suggest using a wallet such as Samourai, Green Wallet or Bread Wallet, where you are in control of your funds.
If you have significant Bitcoin assets, use a 3 tier system for storing them.
Keep on your smartphone only the amount you would keep in cash in your wallet.
Keep on a hardware wallet (Trezor/Ledger/KeepKey) only the amount you would have in a current banking account, or limit on a credit card. (With the wallet backed up on paper using the BIP39 phrase).
Keep your savings in a cold wallet using a BIP39 phrase etched onto a Coldbit Steel or Coldbit Passphrase, stored somewhere safe from theft. Never input this phrase into a machine with an internet connection.
When using a cold wallet for storage, you can still view your balances online by inputting your **public** keys into the Sentinel app (from the developers of Samourai wallet).
@_date: 2019-07-31 22:49:42
I've not claimed to have single-handedly pointed those things out. I do make a point to repeatedly inform people of Conbase's misdemeanours so that they might think twice about using it.
Obtaining a hardware wallet is only part of the right solution. A hardware wallet is for ready access to liquid money. Savings should not be put on a hardware wallet but on a *cold wallet* made of stainless steel. Jameson Lopp has done a tremendous breakdown of the various products and lists a handful of them with AAA rating.
My opinion is that people should be educated the right way from the beginning, lest they get lazy and neglectful. It isn't really any harder to use a standard software wallet, even Bitcoin core, than to use a web based wallet or exchange. The only thing Bitcoin core needs is sufficient storage space, bandwidth for the initial download, and patience for it to sync up. If lacking the patience, there are several decent SPV based wallets.
Obtaining bitcoin in-person, or through an ATM really is the *easiest* way to obtain bitcoin, if it is available to you. It really depends where you are located though. In a city like London, there are many ATMs and you'll rarely be even a mile away from one in the city centre.
It is worth paying any premium for obtaining bitcoin this way, because this will ultimately come as a saving, if done right. Any coins purchased and sold through an institution like Coinbase will be automatically reported to tax authorities and you will pay more than the premium that ATMs are asking in capital gains taxes.
For Bitcoin to really thrive, the anti-bitcoin companies like Coinbase must die. Bitcoin must put them in their rightful place. You should be trying to assist Bitcoin in that goal by educating people to not use Coinbase. You should also encourage them to withdraw any money they have with an exchange or online wallet before 03 Jan every year, because this annual celebration will likely bankrupt several companies each year in the future.
@_date: 2019-07-07 01:00:51
Their Dublin based offices are no longer going to be sufficient for serving UK customers - meaning that the incentives are no longer there - they're not going to pay taxes in both Ireland *and* the UK in order to serve UK customers. Every multinat will have offices in the UK for serving UK customers. If BoJo has any sense, he will also slash corporation taxes to incentivize businesses to setup in the UK too.
@_date: 2019-07-26 12:16:41
You're missing the bigger picture though.
In addition to spending tiny payments to obtain content, they can also *earn* tiny payments themselves, by offering unused bandwidth to the network and idle computational resources, by accidental advertising (sharing links over social media), and by producing their own content. Almost everything one could do online might be monetizable.
The only people it will be costly for are the leeches, who provide nothing, contribute nothing and merely consume.
Paying for things you want is not going to be a problem. In fact, it will be a panacea for the clickbait and procrastination culture we have created of wasting time browsing junk. People will think twice before paying for some shit that they aren't really bothered about reading or watching. Instead, they'll spend their time doing something productive, which might earn them money through micropayments.
@_date: 2019-07-07 00:46:52
You're forgetting that those companies *employ* people in dublin, and when they leave, they will either take the workers with them or the workers will be out of jobs.
The point was not that they are going to move to the UK as their access point to the EU, but they are going to move to the UK because they have customers in the UK. The choice of Dublin as their office headquarters is driven largely by the English speaking population and proximity to the UK. If they're no longer serving the UK, they're no longer tied to Dublin and can chose pretty much anywhere in the EU. Most likely, they'll chose Germany or France, because most of their English speaking customers will be served from their UK branches.
@_date: 2019-07-08 16:44:41
Perhaps I'm not up to date, but didn't Coinfloor have minimum limits of £2,500 for depositing and withdrawing? I seem to recall it being for larger traders and less friendly for newcomers. Please correct me if wrong.
@_date: 2019-07-31 21:42:36
Look, I never claimed this is happening under Republicans. My claim is that **Bitcoin** is bringing about a worldwide change in values, which will result in more libertarianism and will completely end socialism for good!
In terms of Trump and the Republican efforts, slashing taxes and eliminating red tape is a good step in the right direction of reducing government. Of course, this alone is not sufficient to say that they're making any tangible success towards that goal, and most libertarians will be absolutely disappointed with Republican efforts. The Republican politicians are like any others - interested in their own careers and prospects above their country and their constituents well-being.
The FSP is not affiliated with any political party, nor do they endorse or condone any specific policies. The FSP asks its members to commit to moving to NH and living their lives in such a way that leads to the government having the maximum role of protecting life, liberty and property. Bitcoin is really the missing part of the puzzle which has been needed for libertarianism to develop. Now that we have it, **and no fucker can stop it**, then it is inevitable that the world is going to move in the direction of libertarianism. The days of the State stealing from private bank accounts will be a thing of the past.
When the government wants to finance something in the future, it will have to do it honestly, and boy are those socialists going to be salty when they realize nobody is ever going to vote to have themselves be taxed more.
(Side note: Most people don't care who women want to have sex with. They do care about murdering unborn babies, and particularly so *if they have to pay for it too*).
(And I don't claim *liberals* want to steal other people money. I say socialists. There is a very clear distinction. Socialists are far left, and liberals are centrist/near left, who have more in common with conservatives than not. The mainstream left of today are certainly *not* "liberal").
I agree with your assessment that education and healthcare are not zero sum games also, but that does not entitle me the privilege of stealing other people's money to pay for it. I believe people should invest into the best possible education for their own children first, and then contribute to charitable efforts for the less fortunate second. Coincidentally, conservatives are significantly more charitable than the virtue signallers on the left - who talk the talk, but don't walk the walk. (They'll spend other people's money on their beliefs, but not their own. How virtuous they are!)
@_date: 2019-07-31 19:47:21
If I scare them away from Coinbase, that's a fucking great thing, even if it scares them away from Bitcoin.
I don't need "investors" for bitcoin to succeed. Bitcoin needs businesses who will accept bitcoin for services, and businesses which will pay salaries in bitcoin. These are already happening, and the rest is *inevitable*. The correct thing to do is to educate people so that when they eventually make the switch, because they must, that they do it correctly.
If they do it the wrong way, they will get fucked over. Coinbase *will* fuck its entire customer base over by operating a fractional reserve. This will either result on a "run on the bank", where some Coinbase users are left with empty hands, or it will result in "Coinbase Bitcoin", which have less value than "Genuine Bitcoin" in trading. The only way "Coinbase Bitcoin" will be able to be transacted is through Coinbase itself. They'll probably stop letting you withdraw Bitcoin directly at some point and the only way you'll be able to spend it will be through their "Coinbase Card", to businesses which will accept it. You won't be able to pay for services only accepting "Genuine Bitcoin".
You should make it clear that when you use Coinbase, you are not using Bitcoin. Coinbase is *fiat money* denominated by bitcoin.
Please scare as many people as you can away from Coinbase, and other exchanges like them.
@_date: 2019-07-10 17:35:09
Wall St.
@_date: 2019-07-31 22:54:50
This looks reasonable until you get the the part where it says Bitcoin dominance will only be 40-46%.
Sorry, but by the end of 2020, Bitcoin dominance will exceed 80%. Shitcoin season was 2017. BTC dominance is only up from here.
@_date: 2019-07-15 15:53:00
Perhaps. The movements are very erratic so it not possible to predict specific prices at specific times. All you can determine is the long term trend, which I've outlined above.
@_date: 2019-07-14 22:49:34
In the stress tests, those products with pre-stamped inserts faired poorly and in some cases resulted in catastrophic data loss because the inserts *fell out*. Loose parts are clearly not a good idea for this purpose.
@_date: 2019-07-31 15:37:14
Absurd to think that people who hate Boris (predominantly socialist idiots) would resort to Bitcoin, as Bitcoin is will make socialism impossible to implement ever again in future.
The socialists will not touch Bitcoin because they don't believe the distribution is "fair". They think that Bitcoin should be done again, but the subsidy should be given away to poor people who won't invest their own electricity into mining it.
As a result, they will end up poor, as they will be the very last people to adopt Bitcoin. They will be bitter that they didn't get Bitcoin earlier when the had the chance, and they will complain that it is so unfair that people who did invest early are now better off for it.
But the difference is that they won't be able to run crying to the State to go and steal people's money, like they have done in the past with gold, or dollars in State sanctioned bank accounts. The State will be utterly powerless to respond to the demands of socialists, and so they will essentially not have any platform in the future.
Bitcoin will certainly rise in value if any socialist despot comes to power in the UK or the USA in the near future. Can you imagine what UK savers and investors would be doing right now if Jeremy Corbyn had just become prime minister?
Despite the naysay by FAKE NEWS media like the Blatantly Biased Corporation, the UK will prosper under the leadership of Boris and his government of people with strong conservative beliefs about the sovereignty of individuals. The socialist EU will begin on a long decline without the UK in it, and will eventually cease to exist. (Also, if Boris fails to make this happen, Mr Farage will take his seat)
@_date: 2019-07-14 23:25:44
No, you're mistaken in how this works.
A BIP-39 seed phrase is used to calculate a BIP-32 master private key via SHA512-HMAC.
The BIP39 passphrase is a way of *salting* the seed phrase before computing the SHA512-HMAC so that both are required to produce the required master private key.
The bad news for you is that the Trezor and other devices MUST at some point have that master private key in memory, and if the device was compromised, that key could be leaked.
This is simply unavoidable in the way those devices are designed. A BIP39 passphrase only protects the BIP39 seed. It does not protect the master private key, which is sufficient to empty a wallet.
@_date: 2019-07-07 17:32:29
How is this mentality still a thing?
A shady business is one that only accepts fiat!
A business which accepts both fiat and bitcoin is run by realists.
A business which accepts only bitcoin is run by idealists.
@_date: 2019-07-10 02:15:05
The stop is the trigger price for which your order gets entered into the books.
The limit is the price that actually gets entered into the books.
You should always set the limit below the stop for asks, and above the stop for bids. Setting the limit equal to the stop may result in your order never being matched if the price moves too quickly.
@_date: 2019-07-31 22:06:07
Imagine being a redditor for several years and still being less relevant than somebody who joined 4 months ago.
Sorry for being a know it all, but I've only pointed out that Coinbase have a history of insider trading. Oh, and that history of promoting shitcoin forks. Oh, and that history of buying out a spying company.
You recommend Coinbase to people, you are digging your own grave. It will be your "Coinbase Bitcoin" which are worth less in future. You will be using your fractional reserve fiat money denominated in bitcoin.
I'm just being honest about the situation.
And it is *far easier* to use a bitcoin ATM than it is to use Coinbase. Prove me wrong!
@_date: 2019-07-15 14:30:44


A "wallet" is just a collection of private/public key pairs. In the initial release of the bitcoin software, the private keys were randomly generated and the public keys are simply calculated by multiplying the private key by the generator point of the elliptic curve (secp256k1). The software stored the list of key pairs in the wallet.dat file, unencrypted.
Wallet.dat file encryption was added later.
Later, Heirarchical deterministic wallets were introduced with BIP-32 (Bitcoin Improvement Proposal). The HD wallet allows you to keep only a single master private key, and all other private keys are generated deterministically with a HKDF (hashed key derivation function).
Mnemonic phrases were introduced in BIP-39, as a means to generate the master private key for BIP-32. These standards are almost always used together.


Both BIP32 and BIP39 were introduced in 2013 and were adopted quite quickly. Now they're almost universally used, although Bitcoin Core still does not use them and retains the old wallet.dat format.


The full process is described in the BIPs. A seed phrase is essentially a representation of 256 bits of randomness. There exists a dictionary of 2048 words (2^11). The 256 bits of data have a checksum added (making 264 bits), this is then split into 24 individual chunks of 11 bits. Each 11 bits represents an index in the word dictionary.


The seed used in BIP-39 word phrase is used to *generate* the master private key, using a deterministic hash function.


Nothing is necessarily stored. The wallet can be reproduced on-demand from the seed phrase. The process is entirely deterministic. Software implementations will recalculate each private key using the BIP-32 standard and check for any matching UTXOs on the blockchain. If the software calculates 20 private keys which have no corresponding use, it will stop searching (since exhausting the entire possible range of private keys that a single wallet could have would take forever).
Software will usually cache the private key information you put into it and store it in an encrypted wallet file, to avoid the need to recalculate everything each time you run the software. The format of such wallet files is usually specific to the software, although some retain compatibility with the wallet.dat format of Bitcoin Core.
@_date: 2019-07-14 22:12:25
The Coldbit (or similar product, as there are several) is the ideal storage mechanism for savings. It will survive if your house is demolished, set on fire or flooded.
You will need an *offline* computer in order to calculate public keys for the private key in storage. This isn't just a regular PC which you sometimes disconnect from the internet - it should be a PC which *never* connects to the internet, except the initial time when you download the software to install on it (which should be using reproducible builds). I recommend here just using a Raspberry Pi or similar single-board cheap computer.
When you wish to withdraw some money from the cold storage, you input your keys into this offline machine, produce the transaction which would spend the money, then copy this transaction to an online machine, via a QR code for example (since you have no internet connection).
To put money into cold storage, you should produce an initial set of addresses (20) for your seed phrase. Take photos of their QR codes using your phone camera or whatever. You can then send any money to this wallet without putting it into a machine. The only time you would need to put it into a machine would be to produce another batch of public keys if you do not want to reuse addresses (Or to spend, as above).
You should never store your private key or seed onto any digital storage - it should only exist in memory for the time which you need to compute some transactions or public keys. When done using the wallet, power off the machine and run a memtest to clear any memory contents. If any storage was written to, use **shred** to wipe it, don't just delete from the filesystem.
You will not need to bother with software updates for this machine unless bitcoin gets new features which you wish to utilize. (eg, the upgrade to SegWit would require an upgrade to use SegWit addresses).
For your Trezor, a paper backup of the seed phrase should be sufficient, since you should not be storing significant sums of money on it anyway.
@_date: 2019-07-15 00:05:33
Signing is pointless if exploits occur at runtime. Signing merely validates who shipped the code - not whether or not it contains bugs.
The issue is whether a bug could be found in the USB code on the Trezor, such that the host device (some internet connected machine) could craft specific packets which it sends to the trezor over USB which trigger exploits that could lead to remote code execution (example: buffer overflows). There is nothing that couldn't be done if this were the case because it would be as though the host has full control over the code running on the Trezor.
All assumptions about the Trezor depend on there being no such exploits, which may be the case already, but there is no proof that such exploits do not exist or could not be found. You are *depending* on the Trezor developers and auditors for the security of your savings, compared with the always OFFLINE suggestion I've given, which doesn't have any dependency because the only possible output from the machine is the monitor, which can only be viewed locally.
Better hardware wallets are certainly possible if there were complete separation of crypto code from the microprocessor which interfaces with the host via USB, such that if a USB exploit were found, the damage would still not enable key extraction. I'm not aware of such hardware wallets yet though.
@_date: 2019-07-11 17:28:54
Coinbase Card is fiat. It has almost nothing to do with Bitcoin.
It is trying to convince people they have Bitcoin so that they don't continue learning what Bitcoin is *really* about.
@_date: 2019-07-15 06:45:35
Yes and No.
The predictions are just that, predictions. I'm not claiming prophecies. These are just rough examples to illustrate a *trend*.
The long term *price trends* are real, and not a joke. The reason is easily explained with only a simple understanding of economics. Essentially, people act in their own interest. New people become aware of bitcoin. If they also act in their own interest, then bitcoin will continue to gain value. This is an inevitable cycle because to break it requires people to *act out of their own personal interest*. Not going to happen.
The trend is upwards, and nobody can stop it.
@_date: 2019-07-14 23:02:52
The seed *is* the seed to generate private keys, which are then held in memory on the device. If there were some exploit which allowed arbitrary code execution on the device, no memory contents are safe.
I'm not shilling for Coldbit. You could use a Blockplate, CryptoTag, SeedSteel, SimBit or Steelwallet (Any of those which received triple-A ratings in this stress test: 
@_date: 2019-07-14 09:54:37
Bitcoin is "better money". It is stupid to call it "money," when it is an entirely new thing and far superior. Calling it money is like calling a automobile an "engine drawn carriage."
Bitcoin will not be known as "money" in the future, but it will simply be known as "Bitcoin." A one-of-a-kind, standard instrument of value exchange globally. Money will be a thing of the past, for this history books.
Goodbye Money, Hello Bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-07-06 16:47:30
This is known as the Cantillon Effect, as he observed it as early as 1730 when he wrote his *[Essay on Economic Theory]( (In Part 2, Chapter 6, p 147)*
According to Cantillon's analysis, the price of *all goods* increases with extra money in circulation due to increased consumption. Those who are first to consume reap the biggest benefits of the new money, but those who are slowest to respond to changes to the cost of goods (fixed wage earners and landowners) bear the cost.
@_date: 2019-07-13 07:17:45
Right, and Coinbase is not using a Store of Value, it is using Fiat. It is no different from keeping your money in a bank. You're trusting that the bank will keep the money in the vault and won't falsify the amount they claim to have.
The Store of Value feature of Bitcoin *depends* on people keeping their own assets secure. As soon as you start lending bitcoin to banks, you're enabling them to operate fractional reserves, which will destroy the value you're trying to keep.
@_date: 2019-07-09 23:45:49
This wasn't even a question. Even if Facebook claimed they would not keep the details, the regulators would force them to comply.
This is why "promises" from service providers are absolutely useless. There is nobody that can be trusted. The only right way to do things is to create distributed software and protocols which the regulators could not touch even if they tried.
@_date: 2019-07-14 23:36:49
Yes, but I'm saying specifically that this is not how Trezor/Ledger work. They are general purpose machines, which compute elliptic curve multiplication on the general purpose hardware. The input of an elliptic curve multiplication is a *private key*. For those devices to compute a public key, they need to have the private key in memory, or a CPU register. An exploit could extract such information, period.
The way to do this properly is to have a cryptographic coprocessor which computes the EC multiplication, and which delivers the output over a very specific interface to the general purpose processor responsible for interfacing with the machine over USB. The crypto coprocessor should do nothing other than compute public keys and signatures, and take input from a completely physically separated interface than the USB interface which connects the hardware wallet to the internet connected machine.
However, I'm not aware of any such hardware wallet existing yet. Please enlighten.
@_date: 2019-07-14 22:18:09
A hardware wallet should not be used for *savings*, period.
A hardware wallet is a device which enables quick access to funds and is relatively safe because it has a very small attack surface. The attack surface is not zero as it is with a non-connected device. You should only use a hardware wallet for funds which you want to be able to access frequently.
Savings should never be put onto a device which may be compromised. What guarantee do you have that somebody has not found an exploit in the Trezor which might enable them to extract keys?
@_date: 2019-07-26 10:22:45
There may be some people who will not want to pay for anything with money, and would instead prefer to pay for everything with their data. Honestly though, I think they will decline in number because content publishers will not be interested in scroungers. The publishers will be making content for people happy and willing to pay to consume it. They'll also be happy that they're earning 100% of the profit and not having some service provider taking 5%, 10%, 20%, 30% or whatnot out of their revenue.
Think Patreon, but without Patreon. A service where content creators interact directly with their clients, but there's no one company taking a chunk (and dictating who they can or can't interact with).
@_date: 2019-07-15 01:45:31
$100k by end of 2021
$500k by end of 2025
$1M by end of 2028
$10M by end of 2040
You can thank me in 21 years.
Predictions about the near term price of Bitcoin are a big joke.
@_date: 2019-07-25 21:49:14
I never said all poor people are bad with money, but they're certainly a majority (at least, those in developed countries). The poor who work their way to become rich are the minority.
Similarly, there are people who are born with a silver spoon and manage to piss it all away. People born in wealthier families tend to be better with money though, because they learn by example how money should be managed. They certainly have an advantage over those born with less, but it is not what makes or breaks them.
Giving people money is not the answer. Providing them with opportunities to better their own lives is the right approach to it: those who want to better their own lives will take advantage of it, and those who want to continue pissing away their opportunities will be free to do the same. You can't help those who don't first want to help themselves.
In terms of the last paragraph: Bitcoin accumulates value simply by holding on to it. When people realize this, they will keep hold of it rather than impulsively spending it, like they do in the inflationary economy. They will lower their time preference, because for anything they need to buy which they don't immediately need, simply waiting a while will result in the same good being purchasable at a lower price. The opposite is true in the inflationary economy, where prices keep going up. People are forced to have a high time preference because otherwise they money they spend isn't worth as much as the money they earned. The only way around this in the inflationary economy is to invest any money - which comes with risk that some, especially the poor, are not able to take.
@_date: 2019-07-14 23:14:42
You're a bad salesman.
I never said I can steal money from a BIP39 seed phrase without the corresponding passphrase.
I said that if a vulnerability were found in the Trezor or Ledger's USB interfacing code, then such vulnerability may be used to access private key information in the device's memory.
This is just a FACT about how those devices operate. They are general purpose machines running general purpose software. Stop trying to hide from this fact.
There is a fundamental difference between an OFFLINE machine and a CONNECTED machine. A Trezor is a CONNECTED machine, where the connection is USB.
@_date: 2019-07-31 19:19:29


The left wants to invest **other people's money** into healthcare and education. They can only get **other people's money** by stealing it from them. This will no longer be possible with widespread Bitcoin adoption, where savers do not declare their savings.
There is no "right to healthcare" or "right to education". A right extends only to your person. You have a "right to receive education or healthcare", but there does not exist a "right to have somebody provide you education or healthcare". Every person's rights are their own, and the providers of healthcare or education have the right to give it to who they chose to (and if they discriminate based on payment received, that is their own prerogative).
The issue with big government and big corporations is that they conspire to rip people off. The companies pay the governments for regulatory capture, which prevents competition arising, and enables the companies to keep prices higher than they would be were a free market allowed to compete.
"The other side", I would label as libertarians, and perhaps extending to some conservatives, who are more centrist. The right are fans of small government, free and unhindered markets, and individual sovereignty. Their rights are their own, and they have no right to the property of others. All exchange is voluntary and the role of government, if any, is to provide security and a fair court system only. Many libertarians will argue that even that is too much and the role of security and law enforcement should also be privatized.
It's unfortunate that there is not yet any serious libertarian movement in the USA. There is a growing movement in New Hampshire (The Free State Project), but these ideas will probably take some decades to become more widespread and accepted. At present, many in the USA are just thankful to have a strong republican like Trump in charge, who can reverse *decades* of bad governance which has been dragging them to the left.
@_date: 2019-07-14 22:47:04
Coldbit recommend using their Steel product for the seed phrase, and the Password product for the passphrase. You need both to access the wallet. This is a reasonable approach to reduce the risk of theft, but it also *increases* the chance of loss, because losing *either* the seed phrase or the passphrase will result in loss.
The hardware wallet takes *both* the seed phrase and passphrase as input into it, and it holds private keys in its memory. The wallet is connected via USB to an internet connected device. If an exploit were found in the internet connected device and the hardware wallet, then funds could be extracted remotely.
Completely different risks. The "always offline" method is *only* vulnerable to attacks involving physical access. A hardware wallet is potentially vulnerable to remote access, if bugs were found in any of its code.
@_date: 2019-07-26 06:57:53
There are still middlemen - the peers in the peer-to-peer network.
The difference is that your content will not be coupled to any one middleman. You will be in complete ownership and control of your own shit. The middlemen will merely be providers of bandwidth, storage and computational resources. If any one peer does not provide the service you pay for, you switch to another with immediate effect and blacklist or derank the previous one. The way people will access your content will not be through a URI (which is mutable), but through an immutable ContentID, which is decoupled from the location which delivers the content.
The existing middlemen will have to conform to the protocols, or they'll get replaced by somebody who will, because it will be cheaper due to an extremely competitive market where absolutely everybody can participate to provide some of their unused resources.
@_date: 2019-07-26 07:00:04
The daily transactions will not be happening on the Bitcoin blockchain, but they will be denominated in Bitcoin, and conducted using various kinds of smart contracts and protocols built to interface directly with Bitcoin. (Eg, the Lightning Network, which is just the beginning of what we will see).
@_date: 2019-07-14 23:04:16
They're usually designed specifically so that you're meant to only put the first 4 letters of each word, which is sufficient because no two words in the BIP39 wordlist share the same 4 letters.
@_date: 2019-07-15 08:00:24
You can use a wallet on your desktop and print out QR codes if that's what you wish.
There are plenty of decent mobile wallets though. My recommendations are: Samourai on Android, and Bread on iOS.
@_date: 2019-07-07 00:54:37
You are an absolute muppet if you believe there will be a trade war. Do you really think some drunkards in Brussels have enough  leverage to start dictating international markets?
The USA is the No1 ally of the UK, and stands to benefit from an independent UK, as well as the defragmentation of the EU. It can also use its leverage if there were some kind of trade war, and the EU would certainly be the loser. The EU attempting a trade war would be them going *all-in*, with their entire union project at stake.
What they're really going to do is attempt every possible measure to minimize the damage to their union and try to hold as much of it together as they can. They're going to bet safe.
The UK will strike deals with whoever wants to trade with the UK. There are plenty of countries who want to trade with the worlds 5th largest economy (soon to be 4th largest, ahead of Germany, but eventually back to 5th as India will overtake).
@_date: 2019-07-12 07:44:47
It isn't bringing them into the Bitcoin space. It is keeping them in the fiat space with the illusion that they are using Bitcoin. It's harmful, not helpful.
@_date: 2019-07-07 16:06:37
It won't be sat/s, but it will be mSat/kiB.
When streaming data, the provider's cost is proportional to their bandwidth requirements, not the seconds of video. Some seconds could be fractions of the size of other seconds. The pricing in bandwidth will easily enable users to select different quality streams and pay the premium for the higher quality (higher bandwidth) versions.
Users will pay a base rate to access some content, which will give them unlimited access - then each time they stream it they will pay the streaming fees in mSat/kiB. Of course, they will be able to download and store any content to avoid paying the streaming fees multiple times if they want to rewatch something.
This will be universal for any kind of data, not merely video.
@_date: 2019-07-14 23:08:25
The process above actually minimizes the chance of fuckup because the lack of connection to the machine means that any mistake will probably not cause any damage, but only hinder your own access to your money.
If you are not technically savvy, then sure, it is probably not a great idea to try this yourself and you should leave it up to somebody else you trust to do it.
@_date: 2019-07-25 19:46:24
Which claim?
@_date: 2019-07-14 22:38:57
No, the hardware wallet is reliant that the software running on it is free of bugs and exploits.
It's a fundamentally different thing to a machine which cannot be exploited without physical access.
@_date: 2019-07-14 21:27:29
There is no need to store your savings on your Trezor, because you don't need them at hand. They are better off on cold storage. Having two copies of the seed phrase (one in cold storage, on on trezor) makes it *twice as likely* that they could be stolen. Bad move.
There is a tradeoff in security, in that you might want multiple redundant copies of your keys, but each copy you keep is a security risk in itself. You need to weigh up the likelihood of theft versus the likelihood of unrecoverable loss of information.
A trezor is not a "cold wallet", because it still gets plugged into a computer and is ultimately a general purpose computer running code. The attack surface of this code is small, and no exploits have been found yet, but this does not rule out the possibility of future bugs or exploits. A trezor should never be the place to keep your savings.
@_date: 2019-07-21 14:34:01
Outlawing Bitcoin serves as the ultimate signal that it is performing precisely as intended. It would be an admission by the State that they are not in control - complete capitulation. Everybody would suddenly be interested, and upon learning that they can secure their bitcoin from State seizure, will immediately start asking "How can I get hold of this thing?"
@_date: 2019-07-16 23:49:21
Still kind of missing the point.
The rate at which currency is created in Bitcoin was set in stone on initial release. It *doesn't matter* what Keynesian economists think because they are powerless to change that.
In a choice between deflationary versus inflationary asset, savers will always pick the former.
This means Bitcoin is destined to utterly wipe out the inflationary economic system and your views are going to be irrelevant. Get used to having a small amount of deflation because **it is going to happen**, and you can't stop it.
There may be some issues with the new system which we might need to find alternative ways of addressing. Involuntary taxing of savers is not going to be possible any longer.
I personally think the deflationary scaremongering is just that. I can certainly agree that a large amount of deflation is problematic and would be disasterous for an economy. Fortunately, Bitcoin is not *intended* to be deflationary. It is only deflationary through lost or unspendable coins. It is designed to be neither inflationary nor deflationary in the long term, but a completely fixed supply.
@_date: 2019-07-08 21:57:57
Your mum is correct. Coinbase is a dodgy website. It is a honeypot for digital monetary surveillance.
You might think you got "ripped off" by paying 9%, but that ain't a bad cost for the privacy you've achieved by not surrendering your identity. You have Bitcoin right now that nobody knows you own, and therefore, you're free from the State's henchmen trying to steal some of it. (Which will cost you a lot more than 9% in the long run)
There are better ATMs which charge much less than 9%. Have you tried to find a cheaper one on [coinatmradar](
@_date: 2019-07-14 22:52:39
I mean, that there is no possible remote avenue of extraction for an offline machine without physical access, because all that is connected to it is a monitor, a keyboard and a mouse.
If the monitor is some internet connected smart TV, then there are potential ways to extract keys.
If the monitor is a dumb output terminal, as it should be, the only way information leaves the device is through the pixels on screen.
@_date: 2019-07-31 23:06:26
My first bitcoin purchase was for $30 in 2011, and it made me an instant multi-bitcoiner.
Bitcoin still has some room to grow anywhere between 10x and 1000x over the next couple of decades. Safe bet. Unlikely you'll find a better investment.
@_date: 2019-07-07 16:41:36
You can get Bitcoin however you want if you find the right service which will conduct the trade. Some will cost you more than others.
A normal online exchange will need you to link your bank account and also provide identity documents because they have a legal requirement to do so (KYC/AML).
Services like paxful allow you to trade giftcards for Bitcoin, but you will lose around 40% of the value of the card.
My preferred option is ATMs or in-person exchanges. For ATMs, check coinatmradar.com. These typically charge between 2% and 10%. For in-person exchanges, try to find somebody or advertize yourself as a buyer on hodlhodl.com.
An option which isn't widely available yet, but will grow, is azte.co, which will allow you to purchase bitcoin at convenience stores, with a 4% fixed rate.
@_date: 2019-07-15 23:49:08
Stingy git, giving him your bags of shit. Why not give him Bitcoin?
@_date: 2019-07-08 18:55:09
I stand corrected in my assumption that their wallet is custodial. However, I would still discourage its use and the use of any similar web based wallets which purport to be non-custodial.
The main problem is that each time you visit the webpage, they serve you the software to access your wallet, and you are relying on good faith for them to serve you the correct software which does not intercept your private keys. It is extremely unlikely and very impractical that anybody is going to verify the javascript which is served to them each time they visit the webpage.
An app is download once, use multiple times. The source code for these apps is developed and hosted publicly, and usually has many eyes on them. The specific apps which I mentioned (Samourai and Green Wallet) are available on F-droid, which hosts peer reviewed software. The assurances that you are receiving non-compromised software are greater when using these, compared with web based wallets which could be compromised at any single visit to the site in question.
I don't think there is a simple solution to the web-based wallet issue, because the web browser can accept alternative javascript on any visit to a page, without indication or warning to the user. A user would need to be extremely militant to be able to confirm the claims of the website operator.
Best be safe than sorry. Do not use a web based wallet, period, unless it is self-hosted.
@_date: 2019-07-06 23:27:58
Scotland and Northern Ireland are sovereign nations and have the right to repeal the Acts of Union in the same way that Britain has repealed the EU treaties. It would by hypocritical for me to suggest that Britain can succeed from the EU but that Scotland and NI can not succeed from the union. It is their democratic right to self-determination.
However, I think your estimation of them leaving the union might not come to fruition. Scotland may possibly attempt to leave, but will probably backpedal when they realize the direction the EU is going to head without Britain in it. Northern Ireland, I think, you'll find is dominated by pro-unionists and the Irish nationalists are simply not sufficient in number to repeal the acts.
In fact, NI as a sovereign member of the UK with a land border to the EU stands to benefit from its position as such, by becoming a hub for trade between the unions. I can't see them trying to throw away this opportunity.
@_date: 2019-07-07 19:56:19
If you draw a $100 bill from a bank, they take its serial number.
If you go buy something, say, some illegal drugs from somebody, and then your dealer goes and cash it into a bank account: this gets recorded.
So the bankers know that most likely you, the withdrawer, purchased something from the the depositor. All fairly traceable.
Less so with the smaller denomination notes because they are used as change. $100 bills are not used for change, so they change hands much less frequently, and usually only have 2 or 3 people touch them between banks recording their serial numbers and linking the people involved.
@_date: 2019-07-26 14:01:26
Would you stake your own money on your belief that Uber will not block access to users based on their political belief?
I will stake money on my belief that they will. No doubt about it. Within 5 years. Shall we say, 0.01 BTC, keep it friendly?
I don't think you realize that TDS sufferers do not conduct rational thought, and Uber is full of them.
@_date: 2019-07-31 18:39:55
The problem is the left of today are worshippers of the State and the big tech companies which control much of their lives. The left love Google and Apple, for example. They tune in to CNN and read WaPo and other junk. They want the state to have more power to stifle free speech, and take away the right of people to bear arms.
Socialism simply can't exist without state enforcement through violence. The world is not a utopia where everyone will conform to the vision of lefties "for the greater good." There are people who are selfish, and that is never going to change, and it doesn't need to either.
The problem of the left is that they think that for somebody to gain, someone else must lose. Capitalism is not a zero sum game. Both parties involved in a transaction should gain from the transaction (except scams, where one loses out). The trouble is that today's world is not really capitalist, but corporatist (or crony capitalist). It's an unholy marriage between big corps and the government, who scratch each other's backs.
The left of today want *more government*, not less.
The smaller the government, the fewer opportunities they have to steal and conspire to rip people off.
@_date: 2019-07-14 22:36:50
A trezor is not a cold wallet. It plugs into a USB socket - and it is a general purpose computer. If any exploit were found in the USB interfacing code, then risk is non-zero. It would be more accurate to call it a "cool wallet", since it is almost cold, but not quite.
A non-connected device (a very basic computer connected *only* to a mouse, keyboard and monitor) cannot be compromised in the same way. There is no chance for a compromised machine to attempt to exploit any code in the machine.
@_date: 2019-07-26 05:55:22
The key is to live a lifestyle within your means. Obviously, if you have a higher income you can be more luxurious with your spending.
Look how many people who live paycheck to paycheck still have iPhones, and often, a recent version. If they had the slightest clue about money, they would get a cheap Chinese Android at 1/10th the cost and put the massive difference into Bitcoin.
Wealthy people can afford to signal their wealth by having fancy gadgets. Poor people who try to immitate it are fucking idiots.
@_date: 2019-07-15 07:34:08
There will exist some nodes in the network which will act as "lenders of last resort" to the lower economic users. These nodes will pay to open the channels with the customer - because they will make the money back over a longer term by routing payments for the customer (high routing fees will be their risk management for the higher risk customers).
Such nodes need to have sufficient liquidity into the network to enable the sending and receiving of amounts the user is going to need. This will be approximately their wage - an amount they receive weekly, and which they usually spend entirely before the end of the week. The node providing the channel liquidity will be taking a chunk of that money in routing fees. It will be more expensive for these economic users to access the network.
As users move up the economic ladder, they can open channels themselves to nodes which have lower routing fees - and they will save money in the longer term. Eventually, they'll have several channels open, giving them better fault tolerance, and choice of fees.
The Lightning Network will never be *uniformly distributed*. It will most likely follow a Pareto distribution, where most of the channels are owned by a small set of users, and the majority of users have few channels. This will mirror the wealth of individuals (which also follows a Pareto distribution). The people who can afford to open more channels will get richer by providing liquidity and routing payments. The people who can't afford it will *pay others* to route their payments.
Not centralized, but not the socialist utopia you might be dreaming of. Pure capitalism, free of government meddling.
@_date: 2019-07-08 13:30:41
Please don't use Coinbase in UK. Kraken is available.
Also let me advertize shitcoins.club, which has ATMs all over the UK.
An ATM is the best way to get Bitcoin in the UK, especially London, where there's always an ATM within a couple of miles. 
@_date: 2019-07-07 17:45:49
People *want* 30% pullbacks so they can stack more sats.
If Bitcoin stops rising until payday, that would be nice please.
@_date: 2019-07-31 23:12:48
Bitcoin doesn't need to record all transactions. It would be a disaster for privacy if it does!
Bitcoin only needs to record the relevant transactions - those where ownership of bitcoin needs to be auditable by people other than the parties involved in transactions. The Lightning Network is one such network which allows parties to trade privately, and only need to settle their eventual balance on the blockchain when they decide to part ways.
Also, the point is not to "record transactions", but to "validate ownership". If the latter can be done, and the chain can still be audited without recording transactions, this will be worth adopting into the protocol (in a backward compatible manner).
@_date: 2019-07-17 00:53:01
Nope, you're not paying attention.
Everything not being built on Bitcoin will be replaced by something that is built on Bitcoin.
Bitcoin will be the global monetary standard, and those technologies with fewer hoops to monentization (ie, those without currency exchange) will prosper, and those with friction will fail.
Make some money while you can, but don't forget to sell your bags before your pet projects get eliminated.
@_date: 2019-07-31 19:39:20
Coinbase *is* screwing its entire customer base.
Inside trading, buying up financial surveillance companies, promotion of shitcoin hardforks.
It is an anti-bitcoin company, here only to extract as much profit as it can while it can.
Coinbase wants to replace the banks by becoming exactly what the banks are, only with the $ symbol changed to a ₿. They are not here for individual liberty and sovereignty over ones money. I'd wager that they are *already* running a fractional reserve - and they certainly will be doing in future if not yet.
@_date: 2019-07-07 16:35:12
You will need to convert a little more than $10 because there are exchange fees and transaction fees on the Bitcoin network.
Exchange fees depend on the exchange. It just depends where you shop.
Transaction fees are measured in sat/byte. They can vary depending on the size of the mempool (roughly, the number of transactions waiting to be confirmed). The more you pay, the faster you get confirmation, but if you don't mind waiting, you can stick to the minimum of 1sat/byte, with a typical transaction being between 200 and 250 bytes.
Satoshis are the base denomination, where one hundred million satoshis are one bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-07-26 11:39:09
Their success is in connecting renters/travellers to landords.
What I'm suggesting is that a free market with lots of competition will do a far better job of doing that than one company.
@_date: 2019-07-31 19:35:58
Well, his buddy Al Gore invented the internet after all.
@_date: 2019-07-08 16:56:14
The above is the best piece of advice listed here.
TA for Bitcoin is like Astrology or Tarot cards. The short term fluctuations in the Bitcoin price are 100% unpredictable because they are determined by the individual actions of every Bitcoin user. There is nothing that a chart can give you. Every short term bet is a 50/50 bet. You will win some and lose some.
The only thing you can predict is that Bitcoin's price will continue to rise in the long term. If you focus on long term stable investment rather than short term risky bets, you will earn money guaranteed.
@_date: 2019-07-14 22:14:21
Explained in another reply on this thread. Essentially you have an offline machine which is used solely for the purpose of creating addresses and transactions for this wallet. This machine never connects to anything other than a keyboard, mouse and monitor. It is merely a terminal for temporarily accessing the wallet, leaving no trace of keys after use.
@_date: 2019-07-14 23:43:05
Bitcoin is a protocol. There may be bugs (there has been), but this is the risk we've been willing to take.
Any software which interfaces with the bitcoin protocol may contain bugs, and it is the fault of any user of such software if they lose funds due to using that software.
The world in which we live now is where if somebody steals your Bitcoins, you have no comeback.
So why would you not take the necessary precautions to minimize the risk by any possible means?
A cold wallet is *only* vulnerable to physical theft.
A cool, warm or hot wallet is potentially vulnerable to remote theft.
Make your choice, because only you can be blamed if you make the wrong one.
@_date: 2019-07-07 00:37:38
You are correct that the value being down is due to Brexit, which couldn't be any more obvious given the devaluing happened immediately following the Brexit vote and the initial implementation of Article 50.
However, your projection that it will "fall a lot more" is probably not right. When the Brexit vote occurred, and Article 50 invoked, it was the assumption that Britain would leave the EU with or without a deal.
Given that a "No Deal" was the worst case scenario, the pound was devalued in order to account for this scenario. The pound has *already* been priced to account for No Deal since early 2017. This means any further devaluing of the pound due to no deal fears is simply *undervaluing* the pound.
An undervalued pound is obviously not great for short term profitability, but it is great for Britain's prospects, because exports are growing due to British products being cheaper in the international markets. Britain is prospering *despite* Brexit - and the undervaluing of the pound is one of the reasons this is happening.
As other countries realize that the Pound is undervalued, they also realize that it can only go one way - upwards. The pound will be a pretty safe bet as soon as the No Deal fears fail to materialize and things carry on as normal.
@_date: 2019-07-15 00:59:32
Insert cash - hold phone screen containing QR code up to a camera - receive Bitcoin.
It's extremely simple and leaks no identity details. There is no reason for you to consider using an online exchange, where your identity will be logged, your transactions tracked and your profits automatically reported to the tax man.
@_date: 2019-07-17 02:25:32
Gold and Bitcoin have similarities, but are very different.
Gold was inflationary, but wildly unpredictably. New gold mine discoveries would trigger sudden bouts of inflation, causing short-term prosperity where they appeared, and eventually driving up prices over wider areas. They would ultimately lead to economic stagnation and ghost towns when the mines dried up due to over-reliance on new gold as the source of revenue.
Gold is awkward as a medium of exchange due to such things as weight and difficulty to verify. It was easier for laymen to hold onto "gold credits", and leave the storage and verification to experts, whom they could exchange the credits for.
Your problem in thinking that "bitcoin is money created out of thin air" is probably why you can't see the bigger picture. Bitcoin is created out of electricity. The creators of Bitcoin need to consume large amounts of electricity, so they need to buy it - however, the product they are selling is bitcoin, which is not (yet) directly convertible to electricity. Exchanges are a temporary necessity until the on-boarding of many industries happens, but afterwards, the electricity companies will *want to accept bitcoin directly*. They'll save money by doing so because there is no trading fees involved, and they will invite miners to use their electricity supply who can save money by avoiding exchange fees. The electricity companies, will of course, extend their ability to paying in bitcoin to *all* of their customers, who will start doing so because they can also save money that way. They can also save significant money by completely automating most of this process through software, and laying off staff who don't do much more than enter numbers into machines.
In effect, **Bitcoin will be electricity credits**. There is no industry and very few individuals in this world who do not use electricity. Everyone will want electricity credits, and using fiat currencies to obtain them will end up being more expensive due to the legacy systems and exchanges involved. Paying for electricity directly in electricity credits will be the cheapest and least friction way to obtain electricity. Because this will be ubiquitous, electricity credits will be the standard unit of exchange for all goods and services, because there is no commodity in the world which is in higher demand, and has as much guaranteed saleability as electricity.
@_date: 2019-07-15 06:54:02


Given the track record of software developers and software bugs/exploits, this is the correct assumption to make. There is no example of a software developer who has not written bugs. Prove me wrong.


As I said, you can do the EC math on a sufficiently powerful calculator, or even on paper by hand. You are correct that an OS can be compromised. My suggestion to use a Rasp Pi was one of practicality and is not zero risk either, just very low risk. 


If physical access is possible, you must assume loss of funds is possible, period. The only way to avoid this in totality is to use brain wallets and do elliptic curve multiplication in your head. Good luck.
@_date: 2019-07-31 19:06:46
Piss poor advice.
Real advice:
Get yourself a *cold wallet* to backup your BIP39 word phrase. I recommend a Coldbit Steel or similar product.
Use a Trezor if you want a wallet with easy access to funds.
Use a wallet supporting BIP39 phrase, or the Trezor. I recommend Wasabi Wallet on desktop and Samourai on Android. Perhaps BRD on iOS.
**Do not ever enter your phrase into your web browser**. Even if a website claims to provide client-side encryption.
The last point is important. Understand that if not your keys, they are not your coins.
To obtain Bitcoin, find somebody who will sell it to you directly via hodlhold.com, or find an ATM using coinatmradar.com. Always use cash. Do not leave an electronic trace of you converting funds connected to your person to Bitcoin. The only person who should ever know that you received Bitcoin should be the individual who sold them to you - and they will know nothing more as soon as you have spent that UTXO - which ideally should pass through a CoinJoin (which can be done with Wasabi or Samourai, as suggested above).
@_date: 2019-07-26 11:23:14
What was the incentive for Satoshi to build Bitcoin, or for RMS to set up the FSF when he could've just gone and worked for Symbolics (and earned more)?
Freedom is a big motivator.
The other is money. If those companies establish defacto monopolies, then they can start dictating prices and increasing their rates, taking bigger chunks out of the profit of the actual providers of services (the homeowners in AirBnB's case). The users of those services might be happy using the service now while it provides them with advertising and such, but eventually they're going to be fed up and disappointed that they can't keep a bigger share of their revenue because there is no competition which could bring in the customers. They'll be tied to AirBnB with no option to escape, other than changing careers.
It only takes one smart person and a couple of years writing code to build something, and then it will grow organically. Bitcoin is the example. Everything else will eventually follow.
@_date: 2019-07-12 07:44:16
Coinbase Card is not "adopting crypto".
Please figure this out. If people get into Coinbase Card, they are doing exactly what they always have done: using a bank. They are not using crypto. They have learned nothing!
Coinbase is not enabling the unbanked to be banked. The audience of Coinbase card is the already-banked. They don't need it, because they can already use a bank. The only thing Coinbase Card does above what a regular Visa does is automatic currency conversion.
I honestly couldn't care less if people want to "transact in Bitcoin via fiat". This isn't bringing people on board. It's a distraction. People need to understand the difference between fiat and Bitcoin - the key innovation being the permanent fix for inflation. There is nothing preventing inflation of the supply of "bitcoin" as used by a Coinbase Card.
@_date: 2019-07-14 09:03:17
No. The Lightning Network is a set of network protocols. Calling it centralized is like saying "TCP is centralized."
Makes zero sense to anyone who knows what TCP is. Only a fool could be fooled with such garbage.
@_date: 2019-07-26 12:09:28
Ethereum is modelled as a network of nodes which replicates computations over all of the nodes.
It's fucking stupid. The only parties who need to compute are the ones involved in a particular computation. The replication of the computation is wasteful and impractical. Why the fuck would I want to waste my electricity and computational resources on someone's cryptokitties?
The only thing you need the distributed network for is for proof that some invariants are being held globally. In Bitcoin's case, this is the proof that the money supply is finite and that nobody is inflating it, and proof of ownership of bitcoins (ie, auditability).
You can build private networks which do computation between many parties, which only need to interact with the blockchain when proofs of ownership need to be established *outside* of that private network.
Sorry, but we don't need the "global computer" Etherium wants itself to be. We need a sound money supply and unseizable, uncensorable ownership of money, and Bitcoin already provides it. Etherium is a gimmick for academics and socialists idiots.
I think we're also way past the idea that Ethereum is a distributed network anyway. Regular users cannot sync the chain, and it has proven to be mutable at the whims of its cult leader. Remember "Etherium on brink of second bailout from Vitalik" in the Genesis block?
@_date: 2019-07-26 11:07:55
Uber have the first mover advantage. However, they wouldn't be able to compete long-term with an open protocol.
An existing taxi firm might be able to make a competing app to Uber, but it will not be able to replace Uber if it offers only the same thing. Uber has already managed to establish itself as the defacto standard for pairing riders with drivers. Uber is global, and taxi firms are local. They're not going to be able to compete if they are simply trying to compete with an alternative walled garden.
What must happen to displace Uber is that an *open protocol* must be established, which any riders, and any drivers can connect into, with any app of their choice, to complete the same thing they would do in Uber. The protocol must not have trusted third parties. It doesn't need to be "blockchain" (A nonsense term when applied to anything other than Bitcoin).
The "user experience" is ultimately not the biggest selling point. Uber is good because it is global, and because it is perceived as *cheap*. If there were an alternative app which offered the same service globally, which was *cheaper* than Uber, and just as good, it would decimate Uber's market share. The Taxi firms would use both intially, but eventually begin dropping Uber as they'd be too expensive. Uber would have no choice but to become compatible with the protocol in order to stay dominant.
However, the real thing that will kill Uber will be Uber themselves. It will come from their own ranks, when the leftists among them start demanding that Uber block use of their service to some customers because of their political beliefs. Those users will have no option but to use alternative services - and they'll grow in number as people choose the free platform over the censorious one. This is *already happening* with the likes of Facebook.
@_date: 2019-07-14 09:07:55


What makes you think this?
@_date: 2019-07-26 07:29:13
SAASS (Service as a Software Substitute) is a trojan horse designed to take freedom away from its users. It will be a thing of the past, as people will use the software directly. The software will be able to discover and allocate resources from p2p networks, automatically choosing the best price for the required resources. It will be almost zero-config, and no sign-up required. Sign-up will be replaced by micropayments. E-mail will be as popular as Gopher is now.
Content consumers will be given immutable content identifiers by the providers, and they will simply retrieve the content from the network - by default using the cheapest option, but with various options for premium service (eg, higher bandwidth for faster delivery). They will pay in `mSat/MiB` for bandwidth consumed, and a fixed fee for the content itself. The providers will not need to worry about bandwidth costs to consumers because the consumers will be paying it directly as they retrieve the content. 
With content being monetized directly, the pervasive advertizing voyeurists will need to find new jobs (or new ways to advertize). Of course, advertizing itself will be devolved so that the peers in the network profit from it, as they will earn money for each piece of advertisement they do, even accidentally. Think for example, when you share a link on your social media account. Facebook earn money from your interaction and they take 100% of the gain, leaving you with 0%. (Meaning that you are literally  doing unpaid labour for Facebook). Instead, in the peer-to-peer network, you will earn some micropayment for each click your peers make to a link you shared - this will happen accidentally  without you even realizing it because it will be automated by software. The role will be reversed where you take 100% of the gain in your interactions, and Facebook take 0%, because they are obsolete.
@_date: 2019-07-15 00:39:06
Trump likes Bitcoin because it removes power from the Fed, which he is no fan of.
Trump doesn't need to negotiate with foreign countries - they will come begging to him when they need to, because America is the best nation on Earth, and everyone wants to be involved.
He also doesn't need to "influence" a domestic election. The Dims are making a good job of ensuring that *the entire lot of them are completely unelectable*, leaving Trump as the only option for the rest of the sane.
Right now he favors the USD because it's good for American business. If he gets chance during his next term in office (when Republicans dominate both houses) to eliminate harmful regulations to Bitcoin, it will make America the best, and only place in the world to run a Bitcoin business, which will also be great for the American economy and will drastically weaken the Fed.
@_date: 2019-07-15 11:55:00
I'm from outside the US.
Initially Trump seemed like a joke candidate but who I would've recommend anybody vote for simply because the competition was much, much worse (Corrupt Hillary).
As it turns out, Trump has done an excellent job so far and the American economy is thriving under his leadership.
The idea that Trump is a moron is something the "intellectual elite" genuinely believe about themselves. They think they are superior people, have superior intelligence and superior morals. To the average person on the street, they look like deranged lunatics, and Trump plays an excellent role of playing them like a fiddle to reveal their true "superior" qualities.
@_date: 2019-07-26 05:51:32
I grew up poor. The kind of person I've described above is most of my family. My parents have still not changed their spending habits. I have siblings who earn much more than me who are frequently asking me for loans until payday. It doesn't matter how much they earn - their spending habits increase with their wages.
I've managed to escape the perpetual working paycheck to paycheck lifestyle by simply making a few sacrifices in spending (eg, not having a car and cycling instead). I have a low time preference, and don't care much for luxuries. I don't have much spare change after paying for necessities either, but the spare change I do have is not going to be wasted on such things as gadgets, beer and dining out.
Obviously, since Bitcoin I now have a comfortable retirement package and I'm not overly concerned about being frugal anymore. I've become more liberal with my spending, but still manage to stack a few more sats from every paycheck.
@_date: 2019-07-31 20:08:31
Don't buy online!
[Find an ATM]( There are new ones popping up every week. It's worth paying the additional cost for your privacy.
@_date: 2019-07-15 23:18:14
Look, inflation is theft, simple as.
I don't care if you think it is justified "for the greater good." Inflation pinches value from savers. The actual way in which inflation is introduced, the creation of new money by central banks, enriches those at the top at the cost of those who are the last to receive the new money. This is the "Cantillon Effect", described in his [Essay on Economic Theory]( [Part 2, Chapter 6].
Your garbage mantra is just parroting the words of Keynesian economist who con people into thinking something is more complex than it really is in order to prop up their continuous money making scheme.
I suggest you read [How an Economy Grows (and why it doesn't)]( to understand the fraud, and why it is *savings*, not *inflation* which lead to investment and economic success.
Keynes's contribution to economics, in recovery from the great recession, was intended to be a temporary measure to boost an economy. It was never intended to be a permanent inflation machine that it has become.
A small level of deflation is not harmful to an economy, as people can make more money through investment into useful services than they can by simply holding onto the money. *Hyperdeflation* would be disastrous for an economy because investment would halt as people earn more just by keeping hold of money.
The world is ultimately deflationary. Products get cheaper over time, which means purchasing power is constantly increasing. Common purchases like *vehicles*, *computers* and such, lose 20% of their value on purchase, and lose 10% per year after that. If we were to believe the scaremongering of Keynsian economists, nobody would every buy a car or smartphone because "if they just kept hold of the money they could buy it half the price in a couple of years".
Absolute nonsense. Deflation changes people's time preference for the better. People will go back to building products which stand the test of time and we can move on from this throwaway culture where products are *designed to fail* within 5-10 years.
Anyway, it does not matter what your personal opinion on the matter is because Bitcoin exists, and it is the self-determination of every individual as to whether or not they wish to put their savings into a deflationary asset versus an inflationary one. People will chose the former every time, and Bitcoin cannot be stopped. This means that your Keynesian gatekeepers will ultimately be left in the dark and the world will move on without them, as they become powerless to seize people's property like they've done in the past.
@_date: 2019-07-16 23:52:32
There is Bitcoin and there are Shitcoins.
The latter are uneducated in economics. Bitcoin was designed to fix inflation. Shitcoins are a source of inflation.
@_date: 2019-07-26 12:01:25
Users care about how much shit costs them.
If they can get something for free which is on par with something that costs them, they will choose the free.
The point above was that you don't need to pay somebody to develop something. They'll develop it themselves, or somebody will risk their own money to pay somebody else to develop it, with the expectation they can profit from it in future.
Anyone with skin in the game has the incentive to make it happen.
@_date: 2019-07-14 23:21:25
The offline device I described ideally doesn't even use USB. Although in pracitcal terms, it does because it needs to interface with a keyboard and mouse, and nobody produces Serial/PS2 keyboards and mouses anymore, let alone the motherboards with such connections.
USB and HID are hideous standards and certainly don't have impeccable security records.
@_date: 2019-07-14 08:32:44
Exchanges could implement LN directly. You could buy bitcoin and receive them directly over LN (if you have no channels already, the exchange could open a new channel to your node). For selling bitcoin, the bitcoin amount could be sent directly over LN and the exchange could then send you dollars.
There is nothing stopping exchanges from implementing this right now, other than lack of experts, and an alternative agenda of promoting shitcoins. Since exchanges profit from people trading between Bitcoins and other shitcoins, they have a motive to keep shitcoins going. There will be no need for shitcoins once Lightning takes off. The established exchanges aren't fans of Lightning because it disrupts their business in the same way the banks are being disrupted. You will most likely see *new entrants* into the exchange market who bring lightning first.
@_date: 2019-07-14 23:17:24
Recommendations please. I'd be happy to promote such device if one exists.
Should also be clear though, that although the risk is minimized using application specific hardware (rather than general purpose microprocessors), this does not mean that the risk is zero yet. The application specific hardware is designed in Verilog/VHDL, which is software. How can you be certain it isn't designed without potential bugs?
@_date: 2019-07-15 15:43:05
An STM32 microprocessor *is* a general purpose computer.
It's an ARM chip, capable of running any software that the computer you are sat at can, although a bit more limited in its performance.
@_date: 2019-07-31 21:13:54
**Coinbase is not Bitcoin**.
It's a fiat money service, masquerading as a bitcoin service.
I don't give a shit about "crypto" or "coinbase". They have little to do with Bitcoin. If people want to invest on "coinbase", so be it.
If people want to invest in Bitcoin, then there is only one way to do it: To obtain "Genuine Bitcoin", and to hodl or spend "Genuine Bitcoin." Perhaps use Coinbase as your on-ramp to achieve this if there are no other options available to you, but avoid it as much as you can, and do not keep your money on there for a second longer than it needs to be.
In future, there will be "Genuine Bitcoin," which are untainted, and "Coinbase Bitcoin", which are tainted. It will not be possible to convert between them because trying to spend untainted bitcoin with a tainted service (one that only uses coinbase) will result in the tainting of coins. (Ie, you will need to provide identity documents to make the payment, or your money will be seized because it is "dark money"). You will also not be able to spend tainted money on untainted services - coinbase will make sure of that.
Bitcoin is about much more than "i haz a bitcoin". It will fundamentally change the world, but only if enough people *actually use bitcoin*, and don't resort to using a fiat service under the guise of using bitcoin. Genuine Bitcoin will trade at a premium compared to Coinbase Bitcoin. Anyone wanting to hodl and get rich should invest in Genuine Bitcoin and not Coinbase Bitcoin.
In terms of scaring people off - that's exactly what you do when you recommend them a service which asks them for multiple forms of identity documents and bank statements, then locks them out of their funds for 5 days. Get the fuck away with that shit. Recommend them an ATM, where they simply put cash into a machine and hold up a QR code on their smartphone to the camera on it - couldn't be any easier!
@_date: 2019-11-14 09:48:26
Everyone has the incentive to fight *injustice*, but crime is usually a different thing and sometimes the complete opposite. Nobody has any obligation to voluntarily enforce laws they don't agree with, nor to forbid or censor anything which they deem inappropriate even if such thing is perfectly legal.
IMO, Bitcoin developers should go with their gut and ignore any pleas from the State and its mules to try and mold Bitcoin into the image of the state. The decisions made by bitcoin developers now will have profound impact on the future of humanity and we need to make sure that the correct moral judgements are being made so that liberties can be retained or regained and that authoritarianism gets put into the dustbin.
This is why it is so important to maintain the "toxic maximalist" position and to not feel any guilt, embarrassment or shame in calling out shit or what it is. A shitcoin should always be called a shitcoin - it is the correct labelling. KYC/AML services should be avoided, called out and shamed. You should discourage laymen from using these even if it discourages them from using Bitcoin for a while longer. Encourage and promote the use of services, software and products which are pro-Bitcoin and pro-liberty, even if they are anti-State and *illegal*.
@_date: 2019-11-21 15:12:55
"My solution is the right one. It's the market that is wrong!"
@_date: 2019-11-21 16:11:56
Bitcoin is designed to reward savers.
HODLers are the ultimate savers, and will be rewarded handsomely.
High time preference cucks will miss out.
@_date: 2019-11-24 21:39:05
We moved off the gold standard because the federal reserve didn't have enough gold to meet its obligations. Largely due to overprinting of dollars to fund WW2, but which continued afterwards. By some estimates, the US was technically bankrupt as early as 1948. By 1970 it was no longer possible to hide the fact.
The standard of living improves due to human labour and innovation. It has nothing to do with banking, inflation and infinite creation of debt.
In fact, most innovation and development happens when people are able to take risks because they have accumulated capital for security. The poorest and those already burdened by debt are unable to take risk and instead work unproductive jobs in order to repay their debt or just meet a basic standard of living.
[Recommended reading](
@_date: 2019-11-21 15:30:20
The $50 might have some immediate use as malicious activity by the miners would cause a chain split, and the users of those wallets would be none the wiser until they realize that their currency is rapidly losing purchasing power againt *bitcoin proper*. Savvy users would attempt to exchange their *bitcoin improper* for *bitcoin proper* as quickly as possible and some may even make a profit from arbitrage. The majority of users will end up losing any money they spent on the *bitcoin improper* chain as it would be worthless as the market decides that only *bitcoin proper* is worth using, and the miners' shitfork would be abandoned. They wouldn't be able to recover that money on the *bitcoin proper* chain as the recipients of those funds on the *bitcoin improper* would replay the transactions on *bitcoin proper*.
The users of those wallets which were negatively affected by the chain split will completely lose faith in its developers and will go out in search for a wallet which is not vulnerable to the same attack. Wallets which are designed to work around weak SPV clients will be very unpopular if such attack is ever attempted.
This may actually be a good thing, because it will generate a mass awareness of the necessity of validating ones own transactions and the chain on which they're spent. However, the damage from loss of funds which would occur in the process is probably not worth pursuing this when we could just do things correctly from the beginning and ship a full node with every lightning wallet.
@_date: 2019-11-24 21:13:21
You do realize the recession in 2008 was *because* of banks borrowing too much right?
If they actually had capital (savings), the problems wouldn't have existed.
The root problem of today's economy is that banks are bankrupt. They owe many times the assets they supposedly own. Every bank owes every other bank more money than any of them actually have - meaning it only takes one of them to become insolvent for them all to be fucked.
**None of these problems would exist if the banks had capital**
@_date: 2019-11-23 19:33:45


Yes, the idea is everyone does it - or at least, those who do it signal so as an optional feature so that you know who is worth asking.


The network is initially randomly distributed, but if these proposals were used, the idea would also be to change the way autopilot works to prioritize opening channels to nodes which are nearer to yourself, and de-prioritize those at distance, but whilst maintaining a healthy amount of randomness. If enough participants follow the behaviours, we can influence the network to grow in a certain way which is beneficial for this kind of route finding.


The problem is of course, IP address ranges are centrally assigned. The backbone of internet routing is also handled by just a handful of big companies, who essentially have control over the BGP routing tables. It isn't something you or I could participate in.
In the proposal to use a quadtree on the mailing list, it was mentioned that it can be used to map the lexicographical space of PKHs into geographical locations on earth. By using a space filling curve over the surface of a sphere, you can have a distance measurement which corresponds to the degrees of a vertices in a quadtree. Essentially, the 4 children of each vertex in the quadtree represent a complex distance from the centre of the parent. (eg, +1, -i, 1+i, 1-i or -1, -1+i, -1-i, +i, depending on the orientation of the triangle to the reference (root)). The idea would be to brute force a PKH which approximates your location, which should be possible with ~16 bits, which would be feasible even on a smartphone.
If this kind of approach was taken, each user could store at least the entire routemap for their local town/city, which would mean any local payments they are making from their smartphones for example, would be optimal because they would be very likely already know a route to the destination without querying the network. A payment over the other side of the world might take a bit more querying - but then those kinds of payments don't need to be as fast as the ones where you're queueing in a shop or bar.
@_date: 2019-11-23 20:16:17
The price of goods will decrease, yes.
Also, this is good for economies. An economy grows when people *save*, not just when they *spend*.
Money saved means investment can be made without increasing debt.
@_date: 2019-11-24 22:15:27
Under the gold standard there is a small amount of inflation due to the discovery and extraction of new gold. This is perhaps 1% of the global supply of gold annually, which would probably be a lower amount of inflation than is currently created by the fed. However, this may be subject to sudden bouts of inflation if new "easy" mining sources are discovered. If we develop the technology to begin mining asteroids, then [Psyche 16]( would cause hyperinflation of Gold.
Under a bitcoin standard, there is no inflation because it is not possible to create new bitcoin. All of the bitcoin which will ever exist were created on 2009-01-03, but put on a gradual release schedule lasting ~132 years. Most of these are already in circulation, and since the amount which will enter circulation is known and verifiable, there is no unpredictability.


The government has no control. The Fed is in control, and it isn't a government agency. This means "we" have zero say in how it is managed, and "we" cannot change this through the ballot box either. It is truly taxation without representation - and it is done for one purpose: to enrich those at the top.
Inflation is a profitable business for money printers. They gain at the expense of later recipients of new money. This was Keynes's gift to them as a way to fix the problems *which they themselves created*, beginning with the inception of the Fed in 1913.


Risk taking with investment is not really an option for everyone. Many would prefer a less risky way to just save some money for a holiday, a home, or a rainy day. They will be able to do so with Bitcoin, and nobody can stop them. The Keynesians can go ahead and print all the dollars they want - they are only accelerating the coming of a new economy where they are powerless and have demolished their reputation as "experts". Nobody will ever listen to them again. I'd be surprised if they are even employable after Bitcoin has taken over.
@_date: 2019-11-24 17:17:52
We don't want China style social credit systems.
You should have a different identity for each entity you transact with, with no way of anybody correlating them unless you willingly give them the information (for example, if you need to provide information for getting a loan).
@_date: 2019-11-28 20:23:42
It's under heavy development at  There are 3 BIPs being worked on - schnorr, taproot and tapscript.
Because it isn't a simple upgrade, the next 12 months will probably be cleaning up the design and rigorously testing on signet and testnet.
There will then be some kind of process to try and get miners to agree to upgrade for mainnet on a specific date. I'd suspect it will be some time in 2021.
@_date: 2019-11-24 12:02:28
I was a bit too tired last night to digest what you were proposing. I don't think I understand it still. It seems to me like what you are proposing is not really technically feasible because in order for node A to verify that another node B has a bigger network map, it would imply that A necessarily needs to have access to B's network map, which defeats the point, because then they're having to index all of the information anyway.
Ultimately, nobody can verify who has the bigger network map unless they have the entire network map themselves. You effectively have the same kind of problem as Bitcoin - where it is necessary to know of all transactions/blocks in order to know which ones are valid or not. If you happened to connect into the network and were *eclipse attacked*, then nodes could feed you incorrect information about the state of the blockchain. Bitcoin alleviates this problem by making 8 outgoing connections at minimum, and randomly distributed, to ensure that an attacker cannot isolate a node and feed them incorrect information. It only takes 1 honest connection to make the other 7 dishonest connections a failed attack.
In LN, you cannot place any trust in any individual peer, and should assume from the outset that the peer you are connecting to is most likely malicious. Information from a single node must be assumed to be inaccurate. Only by taking multiple sources of information can you gain an accurate view of the network under the assumption that the sources are not collaborating to be unanimous in their inaccuracy.
The way Lightning assigns identifiers to nodes is via their public key, but importantly, all of that information is signed by the private key corresponding to the public key. A node cannot forge information about some other node because it does not have the private key to produce a valid signature. Only each node individually can publish properties about their own node which cannot be modified by other gossiping nodes who forward the information. An attempt to modify would produce an invalid signature, and would result in blacklisting of the node broadcasting it.
IMO, we should be steering clear of anything which suggests "hierarchy" in the network. There should never be anything which allows node B to *allocate a resource* to node A, if the same cannot be done exactly in reverse, where A has the full capacity to allocate the same resources to B (the resource being address ranges). I'm not sure what kind of value you are intending to use for these addresses either - but my intuition tells me that the only way it can be done on a distributed network without centralization, is to have unforgeable addresses in the form of cryptographic hashes or public keys anyway.
Also, in regards to IP - although it does work effectively at scale, it is certainly not immune to attacks. These attacks are often state-level. The great firewall is a good example. The idea of a mesh network is to be able to route around these attacks effortlessly, because it should only take a single good route to make attempts to block other routes a wasted effort.
@_date: 2019-11-23 21:39:23


If inflation is 2%, then your actual interest is 0.x%.
Inflation does not need to exist. A saver should get the full 2.x% on their investment.
The 2% inflation is a hidden tax,  for which the saver has no means of rejecting at the ballot box. It is taxation without representation.
Property owners are punished because they agree rental contracts usually on a 6-12 month basis, where they can't increase prices to account for inflation until the contracts are renewed.


I think you should double check how a mortgage works. Inflation is what makes people pay 3x the value of their home over the lifetime of a mortgage.


Deflation of prices also means deflation of wages. People will notice very quickly when their wage is decreasing over time, and wonder WTF they should be doing about it.
@_date: 2019-11-02 16:55:51
**Center** for a Stateless Society.
Apt naming.
@_date: 2019-11-21 15:10:36
Parts of the network could be scammed because they'll have falsely trusted miners to follow consensus rules, and the miners may have other plans.
A neutrino node doesn't even know if it's on the right chain.
@_date: 2019-11-22 17:21:32
Not sure what you mean by routing trees, but there was a proposal for a hub/spoke type layout for LN called Flare. This has largely been ignored as it elevates some nodes (hubs) to a "privileged" status, and would be harmful to maintaining a permission-less, equal-access, censorship-resistant and centralization resilient network.
There was a discussion in March/April 2019 on the lightning-dev mailing list about instead using a spatial index to attempt to map your node to a virtual location in the network. Users would select how much of the network they wish to index based on their lexicographical distance to other nodes. (Taking the public key or PKH as the lexicographical space). There was a proposal for using binary space partitioning and another for using a quadtree index.
The idea in both cases would be that you only keep information about nodes and channels which are lexicographically close to your own. if you need to find a route to node N, you would search through known nodes in your local route map to find the nodes which are lexicographically closest to N, as they would be more likely to know about N, or more likely to know somebody else who knows N, and so an efficient route could be found without having to randomly query the network or rely on "full map" nodes, which would be the equivalent of privacy invasive name services.
This is similar to how existing DHTs work. (see Chord, Kademlia etc). These scale quite well, but still have max route lengths of O (log n), which would be route lengths of potentially 20 hops if there were a billion nodes. LN supports a max hops of 20, so it isn't entirely out of the question, but my intuition suggests that if routes are commonly 20 hops long, the network would be pretty slow and inefficient. Far from the fast and reliable network we're aiming to make it.
@_date: 2019-11-24 23:10:10


Inflation is predictable because the people creating it can of course predict how much they're going to print.
What is less predictable, is the compound effect on prices that their inflation causes.


Bitcoin isn't about "buying power" at this stage. It is about financial sovereignty. Any "investment" done through Bitcoin a risky venture and any "saving" being done in Bitcoin is viable for long term storage. (Which btw, Bitcoin has performed spectacularly on, averaging 100% returns over 4 years).


You mean when investors need to actually vet their borrowers for some guarantee that they might pay back, rather than just handing out consumer credit to anybody and everybody because they're not taking any risk upon themselves because ultimately, the taxpayer ends up bailing out their failures?
Under a bitcoin standard, there will be no taxpayer bailouts of banks. There will be no taxpayer bailouts of the creditors of banks. Everyone will be responsible for their own money, and if they put it in the wrong bank, or lend it to the wrong person, *tough luck*. Nobody can recover it for them.
Anyway, the investment landscape over the past decade or so has been less about *high interest rates*, but more about *high compensation*. People who have capital basically *throw it* at entrepreneurs in the hope of winning big, even though 9 out of 10 of those ventures completely fail and see no return. They take a chunk of the startup's potential future profits, and many innovators are happy to take on this money for a share of their startup because it is risk-free money for them, compared with a traditional loan.
Anyway, your opinions don't matter. Bitcoin doesn't care about opinions. All of the people who want to complain about it are utterly powerless to stop any of this happening. They're going to have to sit back and watch their world view be dismantled, and they'll be faced with the choice to reject it and be worse off, or accept it entirely and profit from it.
@_date: 2019-11-24 17:55:11
Traders also trade shitcoins in attempt to increase their bitcoin holdings.
@_date: 2019-11-21 14:21:18
Current implementations see the entire network of *public* channels and the nodes which they belong to. They do not see any *private* channels, nor do they see any nodes which have only private channels and no public ones. That is, if information about a node is broadcast for which no channels are known about, the information is ignored. Channel information is first broadcast, followed by information about the nodes.
The recommended time for keeping this information is *2 weeks*. The software should clean up and drop any information for which it has not received any updates in 2 weeks. For that reason, a node should broadcast regular updates at this interval about itself and channels. Broadcasts can be more often if information about a node or channel changes (ie, fees charged for routing), but nodes can also rate-limit the frequency of updates to limit spam/DDoS attempts, and the method of broadcasting gossip is rate-limited for each node on a 60-second timer, so that duplicate broadcasts are not made if receiving the same information from multiple other peers.
The network forms an undirected multi-graph where the vertices are the lightning nodes and the edges are the channels between them. The edges, however, have 2 different states depending on the direction a payment may be made through them - as each party to a channel can set the fees individually for what they accept to make a payment over that channel. It could instead be considered that the network forms a quiver (a multi-digraph), where each channel represents two edges, each pointing in the opposite direction.
A third way to consider the network, although not particularly useful for routing payments, is that it forms a DAG (directed acyclic graph). This can be considered as every channel has a well-defined "start" and an "end", defined by the lexicographical ordering of the nodes which the channel belongs to. If all nodes are held in lexicographical order, and each edge points from the lexicographically lesser node to the higher node, then there cannot be a case where an edge forms a cycle, under the assumption (not explicit in the BOLTs, but can be implied) that both ends of a channel cannot be the same node.
The primary cause for concern in scaling this is bandwidth, which grows as the size of the network grows. Storage requirements may become cause for concern later down the line, but it is likely that bandwidth will remain the primary obstacle.
A few methods to improve bandwidth usage are in development or discussion and will make it to the next versions of the specification. Currently, implementations are using a naive gossip forwarding strategy where each piece of information received is individually forwarded to other peers unless they opt-out of receiving it. The first improvement to this will be an inventory based approach similar to what Bitcoin's P2P network uses - where nodes only broadcast a summary of the information (specifically, the id of each node/channel) instead of full gossip information, and then each peer requests the full gossip information for each id which it doesn't already know about.
Another improvement is related to Erlay which is being developed for Bitcoin. Instead of gossiping about every piece of information, the information is forwarded probabilistically, reducing bandwidth, and then each node will use set reconciliation to figure out which parts of the gossip it needs information about. This will likely use the same technologies as Bitcoin (eg, minisketch).
The bigger picture is that each node will eventually not need to hold a complete network map, but instead will hold a reduced topology, and will delegate parts of the route finding to other nodes without sacrificing much or any privacy. You will need to check the mailing list for discussions on JIT-routing, trampolines, rendevouz-routing etc, as these are still in the discussion phase and not concrete proposals yet.
WRT Neutrino, this can already be used, but LN proponents are largely under the opinion that you should be running a full node and validating your own transactions in order to have the right guarantees and no loss of privacy. The concern is that if approaches like Neutrino become "too easy" to use, then there will be a lack of enthusiasm to run full nodes and large portions of the bitcoin network will be based on faulty assumptions about who is responsible for validating transactions.
@_date: 2019-11-24 17:29:13
Day traders use Tether as a proxy for USD when arbitraging the price of bitcoin between different exchanges.
@_date: 2019-11-24 12:37:53
Payments in LN currently only have sender-anonymity. The receiving node must necessarily provide their public key for the payer to know who they are paying (and be able to verify the invoice was generated by the correct recipient).
If the receiver has public channels and is accessible over the clearnet, they also give away their IP address.
It may also be possible to identify who owns a node based on the source of funding transactions for its channels. If they've come directly from a KYC exchange, the exchange, and by extension, the State, will know who the node owner is.
These problems will be addressed eventually. The network will eventually get receiver anonymity by utilizing rendevouz-routing to hide their node from the sender. They can already, and should, run their node over Tor to hide their IP address. The source of funds will eventually be masked by coinjoins on open/closing of channels, which will greatly hinder attempts to link a specific node to a person.
@_date: 2019-11-24 22:38:50


It's true that a bank, such as Conbase, can "create bitcoin", by running a fractional reserve. They cannot however, **create bitcoin**. Their numbers are entirely made up.
Which means that when the bank lends out someone else's money, they are taking a real tangible risk, and there is no lender of last resort (the Fed) to bail them out if the borrower does not pay them back. This means either the bank is going to eventually go bankrupt, or its creditors are going to lose money.
Anyone who doesn't want to take the risk can simply hold onto their Bitcoin, where they have a mathematical guarantee that it cannot be depreciated in value by the decisions of some bankers.


Bitcoin is not volatile. The exchange rate of Bitcoin to USD is volatile, and this is to be expected as it is still very young and not many people have a grasp of what it is yet. This will be true until Bitcoin becomes completely dominant as the global monetary standard, which will take some time. In the transition period, it will likely increase by several orders of magnitude. What's true now though, and will still be true then, is that 1 BTC = 1 BTC, and 1BTC = 1/21000000 MAXBTC. Far from volatile - it is involatile in a way that has never existed until now. Because these values are constant, the only thing volatile in the BTC/USD exchange rate is the value of the USD.
@_date: 2019-11-23 21:16:59


You are using the failure of the current economic systems to attempt to promote it. What's amazing is that our economies have managed to grow *despite* inflation and impulsive spending.
Inflation is created to enrich those who create the new money at the expense of savers, fixed-wage earners and property owners. You have been spoonfed lies so that they can continue swindling money from under your eyes.
An economy grows when capital is accumulated for responsible, well thought out investment which is intended to *create wealth* rather than just enrich a few.
Spending money on junk which is intended to be thrown away in 3-5 years and then dumped at sea or buried in landfill is not creating wealth. It is destroying natural assets which could be purposed for real wealth generation if they were used efficiently.
The great thing about Bitcoin is that people's time preference will be lowered drastically and impulsive buying of junk, cheap shit from China will be a thing of the past.
@_date: 2019-11-28 20:34:02
Bitcoin doesn't function like the fiat economy where a monopoly leases out access to a ULLDMA facility for HFTs to gain a competitive advantage over everybody else (and even witthin this system, there exists an "in group" which gains early access).
Bitcoin has a competitive market of exchanges where everybody is on a level playing field, although it may be possible for some to gain a competitive advantage by setting up their bots near the servers from which the exchanges run their APIs so as to minimize network latency.
HFTs are all in competition with each other. They can't cause price swings because there is always a school of sharks waiting for them to try and game the market. If anything, the strategy with HFT is to minimize risk and play safe games which almost guarantee returns.
@_date: 2019-11-23 22:25:12


If local channels were prioritized too much, it could be a problem.
IMO, the optimal solution would be that your node selects a radius R over which it wishes to receive *all* gossip information. Your node would then open 50% of its channels at a distance 0 &lt; d &lt;= 1R, 25% of its channels at a distance 1R &lt; d &lt;= 2R, 12.5% of its channels at a distance 2R &lt; d &lt;= 3R, and 6.25% of its channels at 3R &lt; d &lt;= 4R etc... A geometric decay of knowledge as distance increases.
You still have knowledge of other nodes at distance because some of the nodes which you know about have channels open to other nodes at those distances (and you know about those nodes because you know about the channels connected to them). The result is that you should know about at least some nodes at every distance, because each node in your local region connects to random remote nodes.
@_date: 2019-11-24 21:20:46
The only thing that Bitcoin can authenticate is who owns what bitcoin, based on their ability to sign a transaction which spends it because they have knowledge of a private key corresponding to a public key in a previous transaction output.
You can put all the junk you want in the blockchain, but it doesn't make it any more true just because it is there. Whether something is true (authentic) has zero to do with whether or not it is on the blockchain, with the exception that you can prove a piece of data existed before a specific time by committing its hash into a block. It doesn't tell you who owns it, whether they created it, or whether or not it was new at the time it was inserted into the chain.
@_date: 2019-08-17 22:11:26
This isn't true. Plenty of people know what is going to happen, but their voice is masked by hysterical media "personalities" who are trying to scaremonger because they have a vested interest in the EU (or in Socialist virtue signalling).
It will be fun when Brexit is complete, and we can move on to the next stage, which is to scrap the unjust BBC tax. Given the BBCs dire representation of the pro Brexit side of the argument, the entire organization is going to be reviewed and I think most Brits will be in favor of scrapping the fee.
This means the "personalities" who get paid from the tax, regardless of how interesting they are, will suddenly find that they really need to develop a personality to survive in a free market, where if they don't pull in the viewers, they'll be axed.
So what is going to happen when the UK leaves the EU?
Nothing much! The UK has called the EU's bluff, and the EU will come begging for a trade deal either before Oct 31, or very shortly after.
The EU exports far more into the UK than the UK exports into Europe. Britain holds all the cards. The only reason there is so much controversy is because Treasonous May never wanted to get us out of the EU and made every effort to thwart Brexit.
@_date: 2019-08-03 17:39:31
These are shitcoins.club ATMs. It's a Polish company with ATMs in many European countries.
They offer good rates, and some are 24/7 access.
@_date: 2019-08-02 07:31:10
You can't.
Unconfirmed simply means the transaction has not yet been included in a block.
The only way to potentially recover from this is to get a miner to include a *competting transaction* which spends the same UTXO into a block. Unlikely you can get this done, because by default, other nodes in the network will reject your attempt to respend that UTXO.
@_date: 2019-08-23 17:38:20
Money in lightning channels is not locked up.
It is invested.
This investment can be withdrawn at any time, without permission.
@_date: 2019-08-18 12:37:40
I'm not suggesting the NHS "be sold".
I'm suggesting that you stop stealing my money to pay for it, and allow me to use my money to seek healthcare from whomever I wish.
@_date: 2019-08-28 08:07:07
No. With hardened derivation, you cannot produce the child public keys with only knowledge of the parent public key. You would need to give the auditor every child public key separately, which is a lot of effort.
With a non-hardened key, you can simply give the auditor the parent extended public key, and from that they are able to derive all of the child public keys - even those which are not yet used. This means your auditor won't need to keep asking you for public keys each time you receive a new payment - they'll derive it themselves - enabling real-time auditing of the account.
@_date: 2019-08-17 07:46:32
If you have a single writer to the chain and multiple readers, this should be fine.
Multiple writers would be problematic
@_date: 2019-08-17 07:50:36
Some ATMs offer reasonable rates. &lt;10% is good, and a price worth paying for privacy. You'll save money long term if you decide not to pay tax on them.
Also, use Samourai wallet/Wasabi Wallet and mix your coins.
@_date: 2019-08-01 15:00:21
Fiat can exist, but if Bitcoin is an open, global and uncensorable network, than why would any person hold fiat (which will depreciate in value) rather than hold Bitcoin (which will appreciate in value)?
It seems unlikely that any fiat will be able to survive once hyperbitcoinization occurs, beyond being collectors items.
@_date: 2019-08-18 13:33:20
Unpaid charity is virtuous work, and I respect you for your efforts.
When I say that most charity needs money, I don't necessarily mean the unpaid people who volunteer their time.
For example, a hospital needs money for equipment, medicines, electricity, and so forth. This money doesn't grow on trees. Somebody needs to pay for it. If it is an NHS hospital, then the taxpayer is paying for it. If it is a non-profit charity, it will rely on outside donations.
There's a key difference between the two of these. The taxpayer doesn't have the choice about paying for the former. He is forced to pay for it through threat of violent force.
Most *voluntary charity* comes from wealthy individuals. Ironically, the same people that Socialists want to tax more to pay for the ideas that the socialist thinks are worthy, rather than allowing the wealthy to donate their own money to the ideas they care about.
Imagine what happens when you put a higher tax burden on the wealthy: They have less free money to voluntarily donate to causes they think are worthwhile. In some cases, the tax burden may become so large that they emigrate to somewhere else, taking away both the compelled tax money, and the voluntary charity money with them. A net loss for the socialists.
@_date: 2019-08-06 16:07:54
You can't price a banana as 10 satoshis and just leave it that way - the price of bananas depends on the supply and demand of bananas - which is going to fluctuate every year due to circumstances out of human control.
However, it is likely that banana prices will *decrease* each year, as with everything else, because technological progress will result in more abundant yields. This is true for nearly everything. Prices should be *going down*. The reason prices are going up is because inflation is created in one place: the central bank. It has a knock on effect over the entire economy.
The world with a deflationary monetary standards is going to be so great. Everything will become abundant, cheap. The only limits will the physical laws and human imagination.
@_date: 2019-08-27 10:47:17
Whales don't control the market! They profit from the market by making smarter decisions than others.
Whales play by the rules of the market and leverage the rules to their own benefit.
If they attempted to game the market in their favour, they would get destroyed by other whales.
When you see billions of shorts getting liquidated on exchanges, that's one whale being eaten up by another.
@_date: 2019-08-27 15:20:19
The main purpose for them is so that you can provide an auditor with proof of your transaction history without giving them your private keys.
@_date: 2019-08-09 01:49:01
The whole big block thing is closet socialists who want other people to pay for their transactions to clear.
@_date: 2019-08-18 07:30:56
The UK doesn't *need* much from the EU. The EU *needs* to sell into Britain, because it would struggle to find another market to replace the British one. Britain can find alternative suppliers of goods. We can save money by buying goods from outside of the EU, which will no longer be subject to EU levies.
More likely than not, we will get a zero-tariff trade deal with the US - our number one export market. Imports from the US will probably increase significantly as they'll be cheaper than EU products. Our largest import markets are now in SE Asia. Think of all that trade which the EU was previously a middle-man, and now is collecting nothing. Oops. Guess EU didn't really hold any cards.
@_date: 2019-08-17 23:24:16
The UK has plenty of industry. The economy is largely a service economy though, and we are a global leader in many services. Some manufacturing industries are still going, and will likely see significant investment after Brexit. There is no shortage of talent and hard workers in Britain. In fact, our economy has been booming since the Brexit vote, against all the predictions of the media and the "expert economists."
Racism is not a problem in Britain. Mass immigration is a problem. The way to end racism is to have sane policies on immigration to allow time and place for migrants to *settle* into communities, rather than creating segregated communities within British cities, as has been happening for the past few decades. Integration is more important than numbers. Britain is simply not a racist country. The media are the real racists and race baiters who want to sew division where it does not exist.
This is also true for the peace in Ireland. There is no division which is going to be exacerbated by Brexit. This is pure scaremongering by the media. The Irish border problem was a scheme devised by criminal Tony Blair as an attempt to block brexit. He has colluded with EU leaders to use the Irish border as a weapon against Brexit, and the media took the bait.
The UK does not owe a bill to the EU. The proposed $39 billion divorce payment was subject to the EU agreeing to a post-brexit free trade deal. Since the EU has reneged on an deal which is acceptable to the UK, the payment is off. The rest of the world can see it, and it only makes the EU look like fools to keep asking for it.
Scotland are welcome to leave the UK if they vote to do so. Something tells me that they'll change their mind as soon as we're out and they see the direction the EU is going without the UK in it.
@_date: 2019-08-18 11:52:11
No argument against letting people have bank accounts (or being able to freely transact with Bitcoin).
But when a taxpayer says "Who is going to fund the costs of illegal immigration?" The leftist calmly responds: You should. We won't.
Here's an idea. Instead of having the State pay for illegals, it should be required that a (pro open border) leftist sponsor them.
See how quickly they change their tune when *their* money is on the line, and not *somebody else's* money.
Virtue signalling is cheap.
Paying to lift people out of poverty is expensive. If you aren't going to pay for it yourself, verbal diarrhoea isn't going to do the trick.
The good thing about Bitcoin is it enables people to store their own assets safe from government confiscation, or socialism, which is other people making decisions about how *your* money should be spent. Bitcoin will finally squash socialism and enable pure unfiltered capitalism, where everyone can benefit.
I'm all for open borders then. I don't care who lives where, as long as I don't have to pay for it.
@_date: 2019-08-18 13:45:17
I agree with most of what you say here: just with the exception that you think you have the right to steal other people's money to implement it.
And with Bitcoin - how are you going to steal other people's money to pay for it? How are you going to prevent people from moving money offshore? Bitcoin makes this easy, potentially untraceable and plausibly deniable. The wealthy are not going to declare their full earnings and are going to keep a big stash of Bitcoin which they are not going to be paying tax on.
Sounds bad, but you can't do anything about it, and attempting to curtain this "problem" will result in a system whose problems are far worse (complete surveillance, zero privacy, one election away from complete totalitarianism). So how do you suppose to increase tax income if people are moving their money offshore?
Seems to me like you'll need to get people to *voluntarily* pay into it. And this isn't going to happen if the government is incredible inefficient and negligent with people's money. They'll go private, and pay less tax.
@_date: 2019-08-27 07:44:57
Bitcoin dominance is really at 90%.
The other market figures are manipulated. There is no market for shitcoins outside of speculation and gambling - which people are doing *in order to increase their bitcoin wealth*.
Obviously, some are losing too - because shitcoins are not *creating wealth*, they are just reallocating it.
@_date: 2019-08-17 07:18:30
Did you report it?
If the police did not forensically inspect your machine for proof of hacking, the IRS will not take your word for it and will still demand you pay.
I think most people would rather count the loss than have their privacy invaded by giving the State a complete copy of their hard disk, unless the sum of money lost was significant.
@_date: 2019-08-26 17:09:58
ETH isn't decentralized. Typical users can't even sync to tip.
If you want a distributed system with trust, you can do it using well-understood algorithms like Paxos and Raft.
"blockchain" is just hype. You don't need it. You have fundamentally misunderstood what the blockchain is, and because you are so overly concerned about using "blockchain" to solve your problem, you've even forgot what your problem is!
@_date: 2019-08-26 14:44:39
Those are hybrid systems which combine PoS and PoW. Ultimately, they reduce security by not being 100% PoW.
They are not secure anyway because they are not Bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-08-19 17:07:50


You've never run a business have you?
Finding new customers is hard. You have competition. Your potential customers are already buying from other people, and you need to either provide a superior product, or undercut your competitors.
Finding new suppliers is a piece of cake. You don't even need to find them - they'll find you. Suppliers will send you new products to sample for free in hope that you'll become a regular buyer. They'll knock on your door every month to promote their products.
You have not fucking idea how business works.
@_date: 2019-08-08 22:56:57
I'm more than 90% in on Bitcoin.
The other 10% is some property, shares, and a small amount of liquid cash.
@_date: 2019-08-26 13:17:10
Those are all shitcoins. They are scams, toys, academic masturbation, misguided motives.
What exactly do you want to do? Are you just "blockchaining" for the sake of "blockchaining", or do you want to send and receive transactions over the internet for the purpose of monetizing goods or services?
For the latter, Bitcoin is what you want.
@_date: 2019-08-03 11:17:40
The addresses are distinct and and outside observer will not be able to link them together.
However, it is possible using BIP32 to provide an auditor with the master public key for a chain of addresses (1, 2, ...etc), in such a way that they can observe the movement of monies from them, without ever having to reveal their private keys, or the master private key for them.
Therefore, it is not impossible that they can be linked - but linking them requires cooperation from you.
@_date: 2019-08-10 11:50:23
Wear a face mask and shades, but without looking too conspicuous to make sure no facial recognition catches you. The ATMs have cameras for scanning QR codes. Probably others for security too.
I usually leave my bike helmet on, with visor half open.
@_date: 2019-08-27 13:10:22


Yes, and a few billion people are all attempting to do the same thing. What makes you think you'll pick the right time to buy and sell that the other few billion will miss out on?
One thing you must learn if you are not going to piss away money, is that you are not in control of the market. You aren't going to short bitcoin and come out a winner. You aren't better at guessing than everyone else. You weren't born with "good fortune."
HODL is the only safe strategy. Anything else is pure gambling.
@_date: 2019-08-24 18:35:31
Individual miners do not matter. All that matters is whether the majority of miners agree to run a consensus soft-fork.
If the majority agree, the minority who disagree will simply stop generating revenue.
@_date: 2019-08-26 14:36:39
Bitcoin can't fall to the ground because doing so would require that humans suddenly start acting out of their own self-interest.
The capital flight to Bitcoin cannot be stopped because it is the only permanent fix for inflation which can ever exist, and any self-interested person who does not want their capital to depreciate will eventually learn that in order to maintain their purchasing power over time, they must transfer their liquid assets to Bitcoin.
No other fix for inflation can ever exist, because any attempt to create such system has the side-effect of creating new inflation. This means anybody not using Bitcoin is guaranteed to lose purchasing power with time on their liquid assets. (Other, non-liquid assets may still appreciate).
Bitcoin has some inflation initially, but it has been mathematically guaranteed to end. This inflation was necessary because there was no other system like it - the initial pool of bitcoin had to be created somehow.
I am certain that humans are not going to start acting out of their own self-interest and move their capital away from a deflationary asset into an inflationary one. There is nothing in the historical record which suggests humans have ever purposefully done this.
The global movement towards Bitcoin is just a case of when, not if. I don't know how long it will take, but I know it will happen. If bitcoin falls to $1k, it means that many self-interested people will find that an opportunity to increase their bitcoin wealth, and the exchange rate of dollars to bitcoins will rise back up again.
Most people will probably learn the hard way, by first losing money. They'll have to introspect and figure out where they went wrong. The smart will eventually come to realize that they went wrong by selling their bitcoin when they didn't need to.
I'm only giving people advice so that they can avoid the losing money part, and skip directly to acquiring an asset which has a guaranteed long-term store of value under the assumption that humans act in their own selfish interest.
@_date: 2019-08-19 01:38:39
It isn't. The newspaper rip out token has a limited time use. They expire. Read the small print.
In the Bitcoin world, this means that your other cryptocurrency is going to *depreciate* relative to Bitcoin for as long as you hold it - eventually becoming valueless. It would've been better to swap in the token right away for Bitcoin and hold onto the Bitcoin if you're not immediately using the token!
So trading the newspaper rip out tokens immediately whilst they're still valid is perfectly fine. Hoarding them is a sure way you'll lose out. If you trade them while they're still valid, you'll get some money back - although probably less and less as they get closer to expiry. Ultimately, somebody is going to lose out by taking an "expired" token off somebody else, which nobody else will accept as part payment for goods.
All "cryptocurrency" is destined to become zero value, besides being a collectors item to somebody else. Only Bitcoin will retain value suitable for trade.
@_date: 2019-08-26 20:07:03
Every transaction which happens on chain will be a batch transaction which represents thousands to millions of individual payments between users. The on-chain fee is going to be distributed among all of those users and will remain negligible. Lightning is one of the technologies which will do this, but there will be others.
Inefficient use of transaction batching will bankrupt your company. If any bitcoin companies are not investing meaningful resources into becoming lightning enabled yet, they likely won't exist in 5-10 years.
It's still an open question as to whether lightning fees will be profitable or will merely cover costs of transacting on chain.
Most users will probably need to rely on multiple technologies - lightning channels based on sidechains, where the sidechain itself is a transaction batching mechanism, which will allow users to open and close channels on the sidechain at affordable costs.
Operating channels direclty on the main chain will likely be reserved for the bitcoin wealthy, as regular users will not be able to afford the fees.
@_date: 2019-08-18 14:51:46


Most people will not transact on the base layer, but through payment channels or sidechains. Transactions on Lightning already have sender anonymity. Receiver anonymity is possible through Tor, but eventually will be baked in so that all transactions have sender-receiver anonymity by default.
On top of that, bitcoin transactions can be disassociated through CoinJoins and other mixing strategies.
An obvious next step is to integrate these efforts. You will be able to "open lightning network channel from a coinjoin" and "close lightning network channel to a coinjoin". This will become widespread and normalized, as it will be a *cheaper* way to open and close channels - since aggregating the transactions among many participants can reduce the transaction size per user, especially if Schnorr signatures make their way into the protocol.
@_date: 2019-08-06 07:17:55
If you measure how much bitcoin you have as a proportion of the total number of bitcoin in existence, you'll find that your share is *shrinking* due to inflation of the supply.
But unlike the other currencies, this proportion can actually be measured. You can't measure what proportion of the total dollars in existence are in your bank account - nobody has a clue how many dollars there are.
So Bitcoin is the reference rate - the only currency where you can audit how much of the total amount of it you have. Everything else is measured *relative* to Bitcoin.
This means yes, the price of everything else is going down. Bitcoin is mostly staying the same, but with some *predictable* variance.
When you figure this out, you'll also figure out why the exchange rate of BTC/USD is absolutely meaningless in the bigger picture. A dollar will become a rounding error in your accounts.
All that you need to focus on is *how much of a proportion of the total supply of Bitcoins you own*, because this is the only thing that will matter long term, and your current proportion is *shrinking* unless you are doing something to accumulate sats faster than inflation is shaving your share.
@_date: 2019-08-23 10:10:00
Trump is prepping to take down the fed.
That's all you need to know.
He's a secret Bitcoin Maximalist. Very Toxic.
Couldn't ask for a better president of the United States.
@_date: 2019-08-26 19:36:51
You normally is a pussy who has no confidence of Bitcoin's success so you need to rely on the activities of the market to tell you whether it is doing OK.
@_date: 2019-08-25 20:14:24
The assumption is that police knew how much he owed based on analysis of addresses related to the phishing activities.
He may have some more bitcoin besides this, but well, that's his own. The police have no right to it.
@_date: 2019-08-18 07:20:25


So you agree that we should end socialism and people should take responsibility for themselves?
The problem is the left want it both ways. They want open borders *and* socialism. Pick one, because the numbers don't add up. The left can't do math apparently. They are irrational and driven by emotion rather than logic.
If we get rid of the scourge of socialism and everyone is responsible for themselves, borders will naturally disappear as the connecting motive between humans will not be the system they pay tax into, but the individual trade they conduct among themselves.
Any government left over should have the *maximum* role of protecting life, property and liberty. Everything else should be handled by a free market - including law enforcement.
@_date: 2019-08-26 11:25:36
Not game chainging. Completely dumb!
Biometrics represent **identity**, not **authority**.
Those who don't understand the difference are making things far less secure than single-factor authentication through passwords.
Just last week I read an article where people have produced artifical replicas of people's heads which bypasses Apple's face unlocking system. Who would've ever guessed this would happen?
You've got to be the dumbest of the dumb to adopt that shit.
People can't steal from your brain - at least not yet anyway. Nothing can beat a secure token which only you possess the knowledge of.
@_date: 2019-08-28 17:17:35
The problem with "blockchain voting" is that it is vulnerable to Sybil, like every other voting system.
At some point, people need to "register" to vote.
Whoever controls the registration process controls the vote.
Just counting your own vote and proving it was cast the correct way is insufficient.
You need to know that your vote is a fixed proportion of the total vote of eligible voters and that nobody can inflate the supply of voters.
@_date: 2019-08-28 16:44:04
No. It is illogical to think that Bitcoin and Fiat *need* to be equal under the law.
The law is irrelevant. Bitcoin works whether there are laws or not.
End of story.
@_date: 2019-08-26 13:06:14
BTC didn't "dump to 4k". It went from $1k at the start of 2017, to $4k in 2019. That's a 400% gain in just 2 years!
If people are stupid enough to buy at the top of a FOMO bull run, then get stung when then market stabilizes, then I can't help that.
I'm not overly concerned about the day to day price fluctuating by as much as 90%. If it happens, it happens. 
I've enough capital and insurance to manage my risks, and I've experienced the problem of job loss through ill health before because I have a chronic condition which relies on drugs to keep me in remission.
All I know is that Bitcoin is *horrendously* undervalued. It is cheap as chips at the moment. Why would I not pour my *depreciating* fiat into something so cheap, when it is inevitable that people will eventually realize the value of Bitcoin and it won't be so cheap anymore?
@_date: 2019-08-25 19:49:27
This is why you simply don't reveal how much you have to the State, which is why you should never use KYC services.
You can use the same 24-word seed phrase for multiple different wallets, differentiating them with a different passphrase. The best thing to do would be to store a small amount of bitcoin in a wallet with no passphrase but put the bulk of your money behind a strong passphrase, and make a redundant copy of the 24-word phrase stashed away somewhere safe.
When the bobby knock your door down and find your Coldbit/Cryptosteel with your 24-word phrase etched in, they'll input it into a computer and success - they obtain your small amount of bitcoin.
But your larger savings are secure, and plausibly deniable. There is no way that it can be proven you possess them, even though it is the same 24-word phrase protecting them.
@_date: 2019-08-18 14:25:34
By 2027, I suspect we'll be "8 years away from quantum computers which will break Bitcoin."
By 2035, we'll probably still be 8 years away.
This isn't so much of a race. More of a casual stroll.
@_date: 2019-10-02 20:05:01
Look at it the other way.
People who want to move their money *into* bitcoin, rather than the other way round, can do so without giving up their identity and can therefore own bitcoin which can't be linked to their person.
You don't need to worry about "conveting back to fiat," because if you have the right time preference, you'll realize that when the time comes, there won't be any fiat to worth converting back to. You will be able to use Bitcoin for any purchase.
@_date: 2019-08-18 14:41:14


There shouldn't be "handouts".
This isn't the era of lords and serfs anymore. Nobody is destined to remain in poverty if they are capable of work of one kind or another. Capitalism means that anybody who is physically or mentally capable can better their economic position by their own efforts. They don't need permission from somebody else!
We can say goodbye to the welfare state. Too many scroungers think the world owes them something or that they're entitled to other people's money. Some people think that the state owes them something because they've paid tax all their lives.
If people who are able bodied or able minded end up in a poverty trap, it is probably self-inflicted.
Charity will be needed only for the genuinely disabled who are unable to work. I don't believe that people are heartless enough to ignore those in need.
@_date: 2019-08-26 20:33:12
If a Monet painting is the only thing that somebody is going to accept as collateral for providing you food, it is useful money.
You aren't going to have an option. Nobody is going to accept your dollars.
@_date: 2019-08-18 14:13:30


The government won't be able to afford to watch over people's shoulders if they're not getting the income. It will cost too much for tax inspection and auditing, and the government will have reduced income.
Of course, they will try, and fail, because people will only accept so much interference with their lives before ousting the politicians who are invading it. They'll vote in a party more open to the ideas of free-markets instead. The Jeremy Corbyns will be history. This will be fantastic.
More people will be open to using black and grey markets. Bitcoin will eventually be less traceable than cash. The black markets will thrive as fewer and fewer people declare their real earnings to the state, and go "off-the-grid" with Bitcoin.
The state can only attempt to counter Bitcoin by becoming more and more totalitarian. The more they do this, the more they push voters to vote for more libertarian or conservative parties - further weakening their efforts to control Bitcoin.
Bitcoin can be an economic weapon. Any state which tries to stifle its use will suffer economically. They will suffer brain drain, as the most savvy individuals will simply relocate to somewhere more friendly to it. This will be a new age where people aren't tied to physical property, but they carry their entire property around in their brains, enabling free-movement like never before. (Although still subject to national borders). Meanwhile, the jurisdictions which embrace Bitcoin will prosper as they'll attract investors, businesses and the Bitcoin wealthy, who'll be happy to spend their bitcoin there and help their economies grow.
Eventually, everybody will be forced to follow suit, or their economies will go into further decline.
By following suit, they'll need to give up on the idea that they can use violence to tax people, and will instead need to move to becoming a voluntary service provider. This will include the elimination of red tape which prevents competition to the services that governments provide. Everyone will benefit from increased competition, leading to reduced prices.
This is Capitalism, brought to you by Bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-08-25 19:56:56
Ignore BIP38. It is legacy.
BIP39 has both a 24-word phrase *and* a passphrase. Both are required to unlock your funds. The Key Derivation Function which generates your master private key is *salted* with the passphrase.
You can technically have many different wallets with different passphrases, but all using the same 24-word seed. They are difficult to brute force because the PBKDF2 function which generates the seed is intentionally slow to compute, meaning that if somebody stumbles upon your 24-word seed without knowledge of the passphrase, and the passphrase is sufficiently strong, then your funds will not be lost (assuming you either know, or have a backup of the 24 words).
@_date: 2019-08-24 18:16:03
The best time to buy was yesterday. The next best time to buy is now. The worst time to buy is tomorrow.
It doesn't matter what the day to day exchange rate is. All that matters is that you accumulate satoshis.
@_date: 2019-08-25 19:41:53
Remembering, or securely storing a 24-word phrase and/or passphrase is a *neccessary* part of managing ones finances with Bitcoin. It is simply unavoidable. Nobody can do this for you without gaining complete access to your finances. You either take responsibility for it, or you lose your money!
This is not going to get fixed because it is not a bug, it is a feature.
@_date: 2019-08-16 22:07:42
A hodler will eventually pay them when they sell. The IRS already knows you own them because you made the dumb mistake of buying BTC via Conbase or some other KYC junk.
The only way to avoid taxes is to *buy* your BTC anonymously. You can sell however you want, through Conbase if that is your choice, and declare a loss on your tax returns.
If you own BTC which you bought through KYC - sell them now, and replace them with "untainted" BTC which were not bought through KYC, but anonymously. You'll need to pay taxes on profits to date, but going forward, the IRS will not know what you own, or how much you paid.
@_date: 2019-08-26 12:37:47






This is missing my point. Those hardware wallets are not *provably inaccessible to the host OS,* because they are simply general purpose microprocessors themselves, running code written by humans. 
They are designed to require physical access to sign a transaction *under the assumption that the code running on the hardware wallet has no bugs that may be exploited*.
That's a big assumption to make, given the historical record of software security. People often say there average 3-5 bugs per 1,000 LoC. How can you be certain that there are no bugs in the trezor which may be remotely exploitable via carefully crafted USB packets by the host?
The wallets are a "black box" **iff** they are not exploitable.
A **good** hardware wallet would be one in which the private keys are never held in the same memory which is accessed by other, non-signing code on the hardware wallet. In other words, there must be a cryptographic coprocessor with its own memory, and the host processor should only be able to invoke a signing instruction on it, which then requires a physical button press by the user - the button's input being sent to the cryptographic coprocessor only and not the general purpose processor hosting it.
@_date: 2019-08-26 10:34:40
I would say a hot wallet is one which is connected through any communication medium which has the possibility of being remotely exploited without physical access to the wallet.
This includes wallets which connect to your machine over USB, Bluetooth or whatnot if that wallet merely runs a general purpose processor - because there is no guarantee the USB or bluetooth code running on that device can not be exploited.
It might be more accurate to call these "warm wallets", because they're not exactly hot, but they aren't cold either.
A cold wallet is one which is not connected to an internet connected device, including indirectly through another communication medium. The only output the device should be capable of giving is a string display of an encoded transaction or a QR code for it, which the user can copy onto another machine only by having physical access to the device to read the screen. The device should never display a private key. The only way a private key may be extracted is with physical access to the device through a debugging interface, which will not be used during normal operation.
It may be possible to have a more secure  "warm wallet" if the signing process is conducted on a special security module and not a general purpose microprocessor where the private keys and the USB stack may interface with the same memory module. I would describe such thing as a "cool wallet", although this collides with an existing brand.
@_date: 2019-10-30 00:23:12
If anybody actually read this post by anonymous Asuka, they would instantly know it is bullshit.
The clue is "BTC dominance will only be 40% - 46%".
This was obviously written by a halfwit. BTC dominance is only going to continue to rise and will be well above 80% by Nov 2020.
@_date: 2019-10-19 19:17:40
"crypto" are fads. They miss something which Bitcoin, and only Bitcoin can provide, which is **hard money**.
Bitcoin is competing with gold, not nerd programmer's toys.
"Crypto" cannot provide hard money because there is no limit on the number of tokens which can be created. Anybody can just come along and invent another billion tokens and scam people who are willing to pay for them with hard-earned money. It is inevitable that the value of all "crypto" tokens will trend towards zero, because new fashionable "crypto" will keep coming and replacing the old which fall out of fashion.
If Bitcoin fell out of fashion and got replaced, well there's bad news - the replacement can also be replaced. Who the hell is going to put any significant resources into a currency where the expectation is that it is going to someday get replaced?
Only Bitcoin can provide the confidence for people to hedge their assets. This is not something that can be repeated, ever. If people lose confidence in Bitcoin, then they are never, ever going to have confidence in another "crypto" to retain their savings after they've lost it all in Bitcoin. They'd reject the idea altogether and fall back to gold.
If bitcoin fails, all "crypto" fails.
If bitcoin succeeds, all "crypto" still fails anyway because they couldn't provide hard money.
@_date: 2019-08-26 10:45:41
It isn't. It is different from "connected to the internet".
The device itself may not be internet-enabled, but if it is connected indirectly to an internet-enabled device, then it is "warm", if not "hot".
That means Trezor, Ledger et all, are not cold wallets. They are warm, because they are accessed by the host via USB.
The warm/cold distinction is the distinction between the possibility and impossibility of remote access. A cold wallet MUST require physical access. Anything else is not cold.
@_date: 2019-08-21 16:38:58


Fiat isn't capital. It's risk.
Bitcoin is capital.
Any delay in converting risk to capital needs to be priced in to your operation.
@_date: 2019-08-18 12:14:46
The latter simply isn't going to happen. Each additional currency introduces friction into trade. The only people interested in this are the currency traders who profit from arbitrage. Regular consumers are going to be completely uninterested and will just want to hold the most saleable currency, which of course is and will be Bitcoin for a very long time.
Other cryptocurrencies are newspaper rip-out discount tokens. Their only purpose is to entice people to shop in your store or visit your website because you're offering them some money off their next purchase.
@_date: 2019-08-17 07:21:56
Taxes are paid, in the form of sales tax when using the Bitcoin to buy products and services.
Sure, if you're a trader and make profit from the act of trading BTC, pay your capital gains.
If you are a saver, and the USD conversion rate of Bitcoin goes up because you were clued up enough to realize it had potential to appreciate, then the State should stay the fuck away from your money. You've already paid income tax on your earnings, you pay sales tax on your purchases. Any further taxation is robbery.
@_date: 2019-08-17 23:47:47
There was a donation effort for the Hong Kong Free Press with bitcoin support: 
@_date: 2019-08-27 13:05:31
No. If somebody had 90% of the bitcoins, then there is nobody in the world more concerned about the successful operation of Bitcoin than they are. They will allocate significant resources into ensuring that Bitcoin works correctly and that people use Bitcoin for their day-to-day transactions instead of something else. If they attempt to drive users away by crashing the price, they are only destroying their own investment. Others will move to something else.
Not worth arguing over, because nobody is going to get 50% of the bitcoin. It will become more and more distributed as it gets invested into other goods and properties. The bitcoin rich will buy up islands, skyscrapers, jets, rockets and moon bases. The bitcoin will get spread as a pareto distribution. The wealthiest owners of bitcoin will all be in competition with each other to prevent any one or any group from trying to game it, because they have a lot to lose if they don't secure it, or if they attempt to game it and fail.
@_date: 2019-10-02 20:01:47
They're 24/7 ATMs.
Also, I've not been to this one specifically, but another of shitcoins.club ATMs is behind a locked security cage.
You enter the building and the door behind you must lock before the cage will unlock and allow you access to the ATM. Nobody else may enter the building while you are using it. I assume that they have other security so that if somebody attempts vandalism or theft, they will remain locked inside the building until police arrive at the scene.
@_date: 2019-08-27 10:02:56
No, they won't gain control.
They won't gain significant capital, because governments don't own anything - they provide services paid for by taxpayers. Any "capital" gained by the government is stolen money.
The government will have to keep spending its bitcoin to provide services. The contractors who provide those services will demand to be paid in Bitcoin too, and will not accept decaying dollars for the job.
Government will have to shrink, because nobody will provide them the capital they need for their constant overspending. The FED will not simply be able to print new bitcoin to bail them out.
If the government wants to lend money, they will need to find the bitcoin wealthy and ask them. The bitcoin wealthy will demand interest on any loans made. The money isn't going to go to government itself, but to its financiers.
That's us. And that's only if we consider the government a worthy debtor. We might instead decide that our money is better loaned to the private sector.
@_date: 2019-08-17 07:15:38
Those premiums are a small price to pay for privacy.
I've not seen any ATMs charging in the region of 20%, which is likely what the State will charge you on your profits.
ATMs have a premium because they have a higher risk to manage than an online exchange. Somebody has to physically go and take the cash from a machine and deposit it into a bank so that they can convert it back to Bitcoin. As you know, the price of Bitcoin can swing wildly in that short time and it could easily result in a loss for the ATM vendor.
If you're a bitcoin trader, then obviously ATMs are the wrong tool for you. If you're in it for the long term HODL, you shouldn't be overly concerned whether you pay $10,000 or $11,000 to acquire your Bitcoin, because it will be a rounding error in your profits once Bitcoin is $1,000,000.
@_date: 2019-08-26 17:39:10
I'm afraid Hal was wrong. $10M is a gigantic under-prediction.
Where we are going, we'll need several more decimal places.
@_date: 2019-08-04 07:00:33
Compared to other ATM vendors, the rates are great. They might not measure up to an online exchange, but then it is a different risk model. 5% is a price worth paying for privacy.
@_date: 2019-08-19 17:05:52




Yes, I want neither open borders nor socialism. Borders are necessary to preserve culture. Some cultures are better than others. The culture which will be created around Bitcoin will be superior to the rest. Anyone adopting this culture will surely be welcome in any country.


Half of this thread is me preaching against socialism.


Socialism isn't the only problem with immigration. The problem is immigrants bring their culture with them instead of integrating. Look for example, at knife crime in London. Do you think born and bred Londeners suddenly decided they're going to start "packing" for fun?
The problem is immigrants from Somalia and other places who have grown up in a gang culture have brought it with them. They stab people left right and centre for "status points", which determines their position in the gang. Other Londoners, predominantly black, are forced to start packing "for their own protection", or to join one of the gangs themselves so they have "backup".
This problem can never be solved whilst the rate of immigration from those countries with those cultures exceeds the rate that police can deal with the situation.
Stop pretending open borders don't have problems. Face reality.
@_date: 2019-08-27 10:52:50
It isn't the size that counts, it's the motion in the ocean, as they say.
A large whale can get eaten up by little fish.
If there is any manipulation of prices on the market, it is because there is inside trading happening at the exchanges themselves.
@_date: 2019-08-18 15:23:56


Don't know where you pulled that figure from. Some people are already getting paid in Bitcoin. More and more will start demanding it as the price goes up and the value of fiat declines due to inflation. Getting paid in Bitcoin will become common over the next decade. People will be able to get paid directly over the LN, and will not need an on-chain transaction per paycheck.
Of course, employers will still need to follow a PAYE scheme and pay the taxes for their employees automatically - unless they decide to have those employees wholly or partly "off-the-books", where they can avoid the tax. It will be easier to have employees off-the-books because companies will also be making sales off-the-books. Companies will operate a dual accounting system, where one set of accounts is "legit" and another set of accounts is "off record". The government will not have a clue who is really earning what. They'll only see a portion of it.
@_date: 2019-08-09 15:17:20
Use cash, not card. No identity documents required.
@_date: 2019-08-25 12:52:23
If idiots are losing money, but smarter people are not, then Bitcoin is definitely working as intended.
The dumb will simply have to rely on somebody else to take responsibility of their money, which itself is ... dumb. You can't win. It isn't even worth entertaining the dumb. Let them make the mistakes until they decide to take responsibility for their own shit.
All that matter is that the rest of us are not forced by violence to fall to the same level as the dumb. Our currency cannot be devalued because the dumb put their money into fractional reserves. The dumb only harm themselves. Thank god.
@_date: 2019-08-23 17:54:04
No. It's stuff a Bitcoin Maximalist will say.
China simply cannot compete on creativity.
They can't compete with Vietnam on price.
They only have the advantage of supply lines which were built from the 80s onwards, which is steadly migrating out of China.
Vietnam is the new China.
@_date: 2019-10-07 07:09:55
He's a puppet for marxists. The guy himself has no principles and will do absolutely whatever necessary to grab power.
@_date: 2019-08-02 10:09:43




@_date: 2019-08-25 03:31:33


You can't have store of value without medium of exchange. There are different degrees to which a commodity is suitable to either of these properties - but something which misses either one is not really suitable for either.
If the system was a a *really poor* store of wealth, people simply wouldn't store any wealth in it. However, they do. It's an *acceptable* store of wealth - at least for short to mid term storage.
For long term storage, people who recognize that the current system is not ideal will not store their wealth in it. They will instead invest in property, stocks, bonds and art, where their wealth is less likely to depreciate - although some of that is now under threat with negative interest rates. These are less than ideal mediums of exchange because of the costs and friction involved in trading them - but they can be traded.
Gold is also a mediocre medium of exchange, but it can certainly be exchanged.
Something which is a store of value but not a medium of exchange is something which only has value to its owner - sentimental junk.
Something which is a medium of exchange but not a store of value is reddit karma, perishable foods, all shitcoins.
What's true is that Bitcoin is a *better* store of value because it appreciates in value and it is a fairly liquid medium of exchange, and that liquidity is growing. It is better than gold indeed. With technologies in the pipeline, it will become almost as good as the credit card companies for daily use - although probably never as efficient because distributed networks are inherently less efficient than centralized ones. This slightly lower efficiency is something many people will be willing to sacrifice for the significantly better store of value.


I don't think what keeps Japanese companies fair is the competition, but more to do with the general harmony of society, which sacrifices ones personal needs for the good of the collective (the distinction known as *honne to tatemae*). The general assumption of Japanese people is that people with wealth or political status are just like them - concerned more with the group - the welbeing of Japan, over their individual selfish needs.
This could all change. We've seen how quickly it changes in the west. Just 20 years ago, Google was seen by many as a bastion of freedom - a company that could do no evil - which they even took as their slogan. Now it is one of the worst offenders, and has a devout cult-like following of people who hide from the realities of the world - like cattle being led to the slaughterhouse.
LINE could certainly go in the same direction. They are already in possession of most of Japan's social media communications, which as far as I'm aware, is not end-to-end encrypted, and their software is non-free.
The *just world hypothesis* is probably stronger in Japan than in the west, which means that if LINE gets overtaken by self-serving individuals who eschew the traditional Japanese culture and societal harmony, then Japan too will be led to the slaughterhouse, and very few will try to resist it to begin with because they will put *tatemae* before *honne*.
On the other hand, this distinction could be beneficial to Bitcoin if it becomes widely recognized that use of Bitcoin is synonymous with *tatemae* - that it is beneficial to the group and the individual, and that rejection of bitcoin is sewing disharmony in Japan. The would-be haters of Bitcoin would then suppress their *honne* on the matter, and this would allow Bitcoin to pervade Japanese society uninterrupted.
@_date: 2019-08-26 04:58:55
It's because he has true dough, not the fake stuff.
@_date: 2019-10-08 06:53:12
No, but it doesn't matter what paper you read. Under Corbyn they will all be state owned.
@_date: 2019-08-09 01:04:04
That will come, don't worry about it.
There will be greater opportunity costs for missing out on mining for however long it is in transport compared to the costs of installing a generator and providing it with fuel.
Perhaps not necessarily in the same container, but capable of connecting to the container in transit.
It may even require dedicated transporters which can provide the energy (for example, a nuclear vessel). If there is enough demand to ship containers and provide the energy while in transport, somebody will offer a solution.
If you can't see it, you're not drinking enough.
@_date: 2019-08-16 22:34:28
Use an [ATM]( which doesn't require your identity.
Or use a service like [HodlHold]( to connect you with people to do face-to-face transactions.
Or use a *decentralized* exchange like Bisq.
KYC rules are in place to stop regular people laundering large amounts of money. (Because the State sponsored banks have a monopoly on that). They're not intended to stop you giving a $10 bill to another family member without reporting it to the state.
@_date: 2019-10-04 09:41:12
On Conbase, where you have to sign-up (yuck!), upload identity documents (yuck!), wait for those documents to be verified, which can take between seconds and days (if it fails to automatically read after 3 attempts, they block you ability to retry for 24 hours. Yuck!).
So you're finally signed up, and you need to send some funds to Conbase. You set up your banking details in your settings (yuck!), then you log into your online banking to make the deposit (yuck!). Now you need to wait up to 5 days for the initial payment to clear due to fraud prevention (yuck!). Finally you've got some fiat money on coinbase, then you need to learn how to place orders, and most regular folk have no idea how the books work, what a limit or stop are, and how much they're going to pay in fees because they don't know the difference between a maker and taker.
This is anything but intuitive.
Compare this to an ATM. You walk up to the machine, insert cash into a slot, hold a QR code up to a camera, and then click an OK button when you've asserted the address shown on the screen of the ATM matches the one shown on the screen of your smartphone.
Anybody can use these machines. They are intuitive because they already know how to use ATMs, and they don't need to use any ID for most of them. (Although I'm aware that some of these ATMs require scanning an ID - I'd suggest avoiding them).
ATMs are by far the simplest way to acquire BTC. Also, don't be put off by the fees. If it costs you 10% to remain anonymous, that's still worthwhile. Some machines have a premium as low as 3-4%, which is an absolute bargain!
Find an ATM near you on [Coin ATM Radar]( If there a none near you yet, don't worry, there will be soon.
@_date: 2019-08-23 10:15:29


There is no "the community".
There are only individuals.
Since all individuals act in their own interest, none of them can collude to *hard fork* the Bitcoin protocol at the expense of the other individuals.
Bitcoin will never be hard forked. There is no "block size increase," BCH stlye, coming, ever!
There might be some clever tricks like SegWit which allow some virtual size increases with complete backward compatibility. These will need soft forking in, but I suspect this won't be as much of a problem provided it enables miners to increase their fee revenue per block.
@_date: 2019-08-26 20:24:33
People are still going to try to accumulate bitcoin purely out of self-interest. The Dollar will be like the Bolivar. If people want to maintain their purchasing power for a month, they'll need bitcoin. Their time preference will be reduced to record lows, and they will only buy the things they truly need - putting aside the gadgets and gizmos they're familiar with buying on impulse.
Yes, there is going to be a depression, but you can not stop it. Nobody can stop it. It's coming, and the only thing you can do is prepare yourself for it.
@_date: 2019-08-23 10:24:17
Proof-of-work is the almost-perfect random oracle. It is probabilistic, but there is no way it can be definitely gamed due to the inherent randomness of it.
Anything which can be gamed, which is all PoS, is inferior on the get-go.
The expendature of energy is a necessity for the closest thing we have to completely random selection. The only thing that could replace PoW is something which offers the same, or better, without the costs involved.
I strongly suspect that such thing doesn't, and *can't* exist. The expenditure of energy is something which you can prove has occurred - which you can't falsify - and which you can't get back the investment laid out in attempt to produce a valid block, except if you are successful in the hashing lottery, which is random and probabilistic only.
It doesn't appear like anything could ever take its place. Anything else is susceptible to Sybils, or collusion by large stakeholders, to defeat the randomness which is necessary to secure Bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-08-01 03:55:34
Eventually, no doubt.
But those dollars will not necessarily be today's dollars.
They will be worth much less, due to the cunts who run the fed.
@_date: 2019-08-18 12:45:51
I know and accept that Bitcoin does not care what I think. It doesn't reject what I think either. It is censorship-proof. That's all that matters to me. If nobody can censor, it is doing it's job.
But given my understanding of economics, people *will* act in their own selfish interest, and there is absolutely nothing wrong with them doing so. It isn't a zero-sum game. Everyone can benefit from capitalism. It is capitalism done right - not the current state of affairs where corporations and the State pat each other's backs to enrich themselves at the cost of taxpayers.
The State can't exist in its current state when it no longer has the ability to forcibly tax people. It might, you know, need to get people to voluntarily pay into it. See how that goes when there's a free market and people can *compete* with the government.
@_date: 2019-08-27 09:23:39
There are almost certainly various government agencies in many countries which are accumulating bitcoin, even if there is no central coordinated effort to do so.
However, this will never give them the ability to *control* it, because they're faced with competition for every other nation and from individuals (whales). Attempting to manipulate price simply means they will get destroyed by the market. The only safe option is to play the game, like everyone else, and attempt to profit from the market.
There will come a time when it becomes government policy for the government to build up capital using bitcoin, else they will not be able to fund their operations within their budgets - the value of their currency will decline too quickly between collecting taxes and spending them on services. Accepting bitcoin as a medium for tax payments will be *necessary* and *encouraged*.
@_date: 2019-08-27 10:40:58
I'm not sure he appreciates it as much as you think.
Of course, he is going to have an interest. He was a pioneer in the concept of micropayments, after all. He proposed micropayments for acquiring content *decades* ago. Well before Bitcoin was imagined.
But his vision of how micropayments would be implemented was probably reliant upon trusted third-parties, who would coordinate them. Users would need to "sign-up" to one or more micropayment facilitators.
Of course, this cannot happen now that Bitcoin exists. Anything with trusted third parties is a no go. This means Xanadu *requires* bitcoin.
But he seems to be more interested in the vision about his front-end application and how it delivers visually linked information. It's an interesting concept, but without Bitcoin in the back-end, Xanadu will never see the light of day.
@_date: 2019-08-23 19:28:30
Schnorr signatures will save space when there are multiple signers. You only need a constant 1 signature for N signers. The way to scale up is to fit as many signers into a transaction as you can, so that each only contributes a fraction of the signature size. 
A schnorr signature implementation will also likely use a fixed 64 byte encoding rather than the ASN.1 DER scheme, which was wasteful on bytes, and can produce signatures up to 72 bytes when encoded.
There are also efforts to represent public keys as a fixed 32 bytes, as only the X coordinate is required. This will save an additional byte per public key, which can add up if you have many public keys per transaction, as will be expected to leverage the benefits of Schnorr's signature aggregation.
@_date: 2019-08-17 22:03:36
I'm a Brit who thinks Britain will be better off outside Europe in the mid to long term.
But I'm 90% in Bitcoin. 10% is pussy shit. You're still being robbed by the Bank of England on any GBP you're keeping.
All fiat is junk. The pound is slightly less junk than the Euro, but there's not much difference. They're both irrelevant going forward.
@_date: 2019-08-26 12:48:20
Lose a job -&gt; get another job.
Bitcoin go to $1k -&gt; You're living on another planet.
There is more chance of the government raiding your bank account than both of these happening simultaneously.
I'm aware of the risks, but nothing in life is risk-free. You can't hide from reality and pretend that risk doesn't exist because you have a *well-meaning* nanny state protecting you. There is real risk in holding fiat - risk that is out of your control.
The risk in Bitcoin is that a significant portion of bitcoin users suddenly become dumb idiots and start dumping it. Even that is only a near-term risk, because it would be long-term beneficial to Bitcoin (Redistribution of bitcoin wealth to people who are a bit smarter.)
Bitcoin hodlers are generally smart. They're smart enough to have foreseen the benefits and value proposition before 99% of the rest of humanity. It's unlikely that they'll become dumb overnight. Far more likely is that 1% will gradually keep increasing as people learn they can have hard money without the State.
@_date: 2019-10-09 17:25:30
Many ATMs support anonymous buying, but depends on jurisdiction.
You can find somebody to trade with directly on hodlhodl.
@_date: 2019-08-24 18:32:26
Also, bin the idea of acquiring XRP immediately. This is one of the bigger scams.
It might sound like XRP has a lot of support, but in reality it is an army of twitter bots and nocoiner followers who are handed out XRP in giveaways, who are then encouraged to promote the shitcoin. It is worthless junk. You aren't "investing," but simply funding scammers.
Ignore all the shills who reply to this post claiming otherwise. They are 100% wrong.
@_date: 2019-08-22 08:30:00
Nope, just ahead of the game.
Nobody can teach you about the economy which is going to come about by Bitcoin - particularly not the entrenched "economists" who have not got a fucking clue what is going to fall on them.
Those who have studied under the Austrian school have some insight to the world which is going to emerge.
Fiat is risk. Bitcoin is capital. Get over it.
The quicker you learn, the quicker you will stop losing money.
If you think that "my fiat is up, but my sats are down" means you're better off, you're delusional.
If it's "my sats are up", then you certainly are better off. It doesn't matter what you paid for them in fiat. Just having more sats than you had previously means you are better off. Sats are now the standard measure of capital. Everything is priced *relative to* bitcoin. Bitcoin is priced relative to itself.
@_date: 2019-08-24 18:24:38
Yes. Increase your satoshi count and pay whatever the market rate is at the time you have the money to invest. You will never be able to time the market. Attempting to do so is a pure gamble and you will lose 50% of the time and win 50% of the time.
The way to make money in Bitcoin is not by luck, but by fortitude. Simply acquire satoshis, and HODL until further notice.
@_date: 2019-08-19 06:59:03
"Permanent fix for inflation"
This is the only one that matters. It is impossible to repeat. Bitcoin is the fix. Other attempts to fix it end up introducing more inflation.
@_date: 2019-08-24 08:47:12
Rather than trying to look at the correlation of the disappearance of satoshi with Hal's passing, why not look for a correlation of Hal's work before bitcoin and the introduction of it?
@_date: 2019-08-18 13:07:50


I'm not a socialist. I don't expect any service for free. I expect that I will need to pay for those services.
The difference is that I want to decide *who* to pay for these services based on how good a job they do. I want a free-market where various companies can compete to offer these services, and I can pay the one which does the best job for me, not be forced by violence to pay the one mob who'll make the decision for me.
The government is *incredibly inefficient*. Money is wasted left, right and centre, due to negligence and corruption. The various services provided by the government are not intended to be profitable - they are loss-making enterprises, which would be continually in the red if they were run like a proper business.
A government has no incentive to be efficient, profitable or to innovate. They have a steady supply of *other people's money*, which they decide how to use. Deciding how to use *other people's* money is very different to deciding how to use your own money. If it were their own money, they would make every effort to be profitable, efficient, to please their customers and get repeat business.
Governments *suck* at providing services. A free-market would be able to offer better services at a lower price.
Question. Have you ever run a business?
@_date: 2019-08-18 12:49:13


So you'll admit that socialism is about stealing other people's money to pay for *your ideas*?
Glad we can agree.
Those rules suck. I'm glad that we're entering a world where this will no longer be possible, all thanks to Bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-08-16 13:30:46
Stop giving him attention.
@_date: 2019-08-26 13:55:52
You are missing the point. Bitcoin is a the economic monetary system which provides the basis for value transfer over the internet.
The mechanism for interfacing with Bitcoin is up to you, can be done in many ways, but most techniques will not be able to provide the same security guarantees as conducting regular on-chain bitcoin transactions. Most applications do not need to.
The choice to use something other than Bitcoin means that you and your users are going to hold onto depreciating token assets. 
Only by building on a system which has a 1-1 bitcoin backing are you going to be able to conduct transactions where the monetary value you are storing does not depreciate relative to the monetary standard, which is Bitcoin itself.
If you are 1-1 bitcoin backed, then the purchasing power of the token assets you hold will likely *appreciate* relative to most other goods and services - although there may be other opportunities which can generate a bigger return on investment than merely holding onto the token. Other tokens which are not backed by bitcoin will not be desirable investment mediums because although you may get an increased number of tokens back from your investment, those tokens are worth less than when you invested!
@_date: 2019-08-27 06:46:11
Bad money can only drive out good money for as long as people are willing to accept the bad money in exchange for goods.
Even if the law states that people must accept dollars for payment, people will avoid doing so.
The way they'll avoid it is they'll open their shops as normal, but all of the shelves will be empty. They will be *out of stock* of all goods.
"Come back next time, we might have something in," they will say.
However, if you mention that you're willing to pay in Bitcoin, the shopowner will suddenly remember that they had some stock they forgot about in storage, and will dig it out for you in exchange for the bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-08-26 17:51:31
It is meaningless to say "a satoshi would be worth a dollar", because a dollar will be worthless, and a satoshi will have viable economic use. In fact, millisatoshis will likely be the most frequently transacted denomination.
@_date: 2019-10-04 08:39:17
I don't think you understood the above.
The banks aren't attempting to kill bitcoin, they're attempting to *get in* on bitcoin, because that's where future profit will be. The death of the dollar is an inevitability, the question is just when it will happen.
Since it could happen pretty rapidly in a recession, it should be assumed that they're already accumulating bitcoin for a worst-case scenario, or that they are at least monitoring it heavily to know who has it, so that they can attempt a mass seizure at the threat of violence, like they did with Gold in 1933. (Which is also why I advocate acquiring Bitcoin anonymously and avoiding services like Conbase)
When significant capital flight begins into Bitcoin, this will have a compounding effect on the inflation of the dollar, and will accelerate its demise. The central bank will be bankrupt unless they've diversified into Bitcoin, and if they know that their time is up, they'll use a last ditch attempt to accumulate as much bitcoin as they can as quickly as they can.
@_date: 2019-10-28 03:09:34
"Millionaire" will be a useless term if the money is worth nothing.
By the time BTC has worth equivalent to today's million, you will not need dollars any more.
And 1 BTC is sufficient for anybody. Most will only dream of gaining 0.1BTC.
@_date: 2019-08-24 12:32:11
The competition in Japan is a little different to the US. Mastercard and Visa are not really pervasive in Japan - some places won't even accept them, but Japanese people rarely use them anyway because they have been a cash culture until very recently. ATMs in Japan also don't usually work at night - even in 24/7 convenience stores they stop working at 10pm.
The main forms of electronic payments they use are Suica - a pre-paid card used primarily for public transport, but accepted as payment in many places including vending machines - and LINE PAY, which can be used almost anywhere because it comes with the LINE software, which every Japanese person already has on their phone. Bitcoin needs to compete with these in Japan, and it probably won't be easy given how uniquitous they already are.
@_date: 2019-08-09 01:53:05
It costs money to run a node. Not much, but non-zero. The bigger blocks become, the more it costs to run the node.
The idea of a big block chain is to move the cost of regular transactions away from the people transacting *towards* the people validating them.
It really needs to be negligible cost to validate, but pay to transact.
The complaints are all "it costs too much to transact." Which I interpret as "Will somebody please foot the transaction cost for me."
@_date: 2019-10-01 10:04:10
It's true that a network which combines bitcoin and litecoin has inflation which the bitcoin only network does not have. The issue is that there exists a finite amount of wealth, and it is being split among more tokens. The litecoin tokens might not be worth as much, but there are 4x the number of them. It's effectively like adding another 1M coins to the total Bitcoin supply.
This is why the shitcoin economy is never going to work. Shitcoins imply inflation. Only an economy where Bitcoin reigns supreme is free of inflation. All other shitcoins will die and be nothing more than collectors tokens, worth essentially nothing on the market but maybe valuable to the keepers for some sentimental purpose.
Of course, BCashSV is included in the list of shitcoins. All shitcoins will fail, guaranteed. Every. Single. One.
Only technologies with a 1-to-1 bitcoin peg will prosper.
@_date: 2019-10-13 20:00:33
Blocks can still be mined containing nothing but the `coinbase` transaction, which rewards the miner with the subsidy even in the event there are no other transaction fees. If the miner expects to be able to sell those bitcoins gained through the subsidy in future, they may still continue to mine.
 After the subsidy disappears completely (~2140), there would be no incentive to mine an empty block. A bad actor could attempt to continue mining empty blocks as a form of denial-of-service, but could only afford to do so if the difficulty dropped low enough for them to gain a 51% majority without wasting much money on electricity.
Of course, both of these scenarios are unlikely to happen. Bitcoin will always be traded and whilst it is saleable there will always be a healthy amount of competition fighting to get the next block's transaction fees and subsidy.
The transaction fees will likely increase substantially over time, which will make mining still profitable as the subsidy declines.
@_date: 2019-08-27 17:32:59
Using a non-hardened extended public key, you can derive all of its child public keys, but not their private keys. This means an auditor with access to the extended public key can see all transactions from that wallet/account, but is not able to spend any of them.
@_date: 2019-08-09 00:22:49
I'm more of a drinker.
@_date: 2019-08-18 11:20:21
Bitcoin Maximalism is about providing the software and tools so that people may trade and publish information in a way in which it is impossible or infeasible for a small group of people to dictate who can say what or who can trade with who. We're not hoping to simply replace the bad guys with good guys and hope that they stay good. The idea is ELIMINATE the ability of any other persons to interfere with your own personal liberties in regards to trade and expressing your opinion, however unpopular it may be.
A necessary part of this is the ability for people to hold on to assets which cannot be devalued by external parties through inflation. The finite Bitcoin supply is essential for the overthrow of tyrants who use economic warfare to control populations.
Anything which introduces new coins - and therefore - introduces inflation, is anti-bitcoin and is only aimed at preserving the existing systems. They will not survive because only Bitcoin has the value - the value of economic liberty for all of humanity. Everything else will depreciate in value because they can't compete. Bitcoin's success cannot be repeated.
@_date: 2019-08-03 11:08:51
Al Gore invented the internet.
Joe Biden will invent a cure for cancer.
I think the grandiose claims come from Dims, not Reps.
@_date: 2019-08-09 00:29:49
As another redditor has pointed out, this doesn't really take stretching your imagination if you see the bigger picture with Bitcoin. Somebody has already done it!
Well, mostly.
@_date: 2019-10-06 17:07:51
You wrote down the seed and you should *also* etch it into steel for backup against natural disasters. There are various products for this on the market already.
In addition to the 24 word phrase, you can use a passphrase to protect your wallet. The passphrase can be anything, but I would recommend 12-16 alphanumeric characters, which is short enough to remember, but long enough to be secure against brute-forcing by commodity hardware. Obviously, this should not be plain dictionary words or Password123.
You can use the same 24 word phrase for multiple distinct wallets by using a separate passphrase for each one. You can also leave a small amount of bitcoin in a wallet which has no passphrase but is proected by only the 24-word seed - which can act as a "decoy" in the event that somebody does discover your 24-word phrase, they can be mislead into assuming they've got all of your coins.
@_date: 2019-10-29 23:24:50
Previous attempts have missed a key ingredient: the money.
With money involved, the incentives to run nodes in a decentralized network increase. Any peer can potentially earn some money by leasing out unused resources like storage, bandwidth and compute time, without having to set up payment processors and sign-up systems to receive money. The money will come automatically on-demand as the resources are consumed.
The Lightning Network is the key ingredient. Future services will be built on top of it, monetized directly, and give anyone the opportunity to participate without permission.
The "unconnected" services like IPFS and such are simply going to get replaced by bitcoin-connected services.
@_date: 2019-08-03 09:06:53
Pfft. Wait till I unload my student debt bubble on you
@_date: 2019-08-16 22:51:55
That won't help. The issue is that the UTXOs themselves will be tracked by the IRS. They'll know *when* you spend based on the chain itself, and they'll estimate a market rate at that time to conclude your selling point. Using the information they already know about how much you paid for the BTC, they'll calculate your profit for you and send you a bill for their cut of your earnings.
If the racketeers are incorrect in their conclusions about your profit, you will need to provide a paper trail to prove otherwise.
The way to avoid the racket is to keep your name out of the system altogether. Don't touch "tainted" BTC, which are those which have come from an exchange (or other KYC service) without going through a mixing service.
@_date: 2019-08-27 10:58:03
No doubt that some already do.
I believe that Bulgaria still have some of the stash of bitcoin seized from BTC-e (hacked coins from Mt.Gox). They're wise if they keep hold of them rather than auctioning them off while bitcoin is dirt cheap.
@_date: 2019-08-18 12:41:19
Altruism can exist with Bitcoin. I'm not suggesting it can't or won't.
Socialism is not Altruism. Socialism is about getting other people to pay to implement your ideas. Altruism is about using your own money to pay for your ideas, even if you don't generate an immediate profit.
Bitcoin is Capitalism + Altruism. No Socialism involved. It eliminates socialism by eliminating the ability of the State to steal people's Bitcoin by force.
@_date: 2019-08-26 10:39:58
Your bank account is most certainly a flaming hot wallet. You are being robbed as we speak.
@_date: 2019-08-17 07:32:31
How about you stop trying to steal other people's money you piece of shit.
Taxation is not moral.
How about instead of the State stealing a portion of my earnings, *I* decide where a portion of my earnings should be spent. What makes the State a better judge of how my money is spent than myself?
@_date: 2019-08-26 20:30:22
Global adoption in 2009 was ~0.00000003%.
Global adoption in 2014 was ~0.0003%
Global adoption in 2019 is ~0.3%
You seem to have a problem with comprehending orders of magnitude.
This is going to happen far quicker than you are expecting.
@_date: 2019-08-23 17:32:26
Nope. You are delusional.
China will lose.
The idea that China's economy is superior to the US is hogwash. Companies are evacuating China by the thousands and moving to Vietnam, where they're are no tariffs.
All that is happening is a steady movement of supply lines away from China. It will take a couple of decades to complete, but eventually China will not even be considered the place to have products built by foreigners. They won't be the cheapest, and the supply lines will no longer be there.
What China lacks is creativity. They're good at imitation. A nation which can't innovate can't beat the innovator.
The reason China lacks creativity is not because the Chinese aren't creative. It's because their creativity is castrated by the CCP, led by absolutely incompetent Xi Junping. He is sending China back to the 1960s.
@_date: 2019-10-14 11:04:14
Yes. Never.
In fact, the longer we're in it, the less feasible it could ever possibly be.
A hard-fork would've been achievable back when there were only a few hundred or thousand users.
Now that millions are using it, you somehow need to get all of those millions of people to simultaniously "upgrade". It's an impossibility.
You can delude yourself as much as you want to think it is coming eventually. It can't happen. There is nobody with the authority or leverage to convince people to upgrade all of their software to meet a backward-incompatible fork.
Those who suggest it will be ridiculed, rightly so.
Those who propose achievable soft-forks which completely maintain backward compatibility will be listened to.
The stability of the network is the main priority. The "blocksize debate" was a way to distract people from what actually matters in order to attempt a power grab where a few developers could authorize breaking changes to the main softtware distribution which interacts with the bitcoin network.
It was never about block size. It was a coup against Bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-08-27 08:21:42
No. Gresham's law states that *when there are two tradeable monies*, the bad money drives the good out of the market (people trade the bad and stash the good).
However, this only works while the two are monies. One eventually is worthless and is no longer money. It becomes paper. A dollar bill would be a piece of paper with no use, because nobody would be willing to accept it for payment - it has no store of value property left.
When that happens, people are forced to spend the good money, or conduct like-for-like trades barter style in order to exchange goods.
Gresham's law is describing what is happening now, in 2019. Astute traders are collecting and hodling Bitcoin, but using fiat in their day to day transactions. They are not going to spend their bitcoin whilst they have fiat at hand. They'll only break into the bitcoin bank if they run out of fiat.
@_date: 2019-08-26 13:10:56
"blockchain" is a marketing term when applied to anything other than the mechanism by which Bitcoin links transaction records for historical storage and verification.
Most "blockchain" are just specific applications of a merkle tree - a technology from the 1970s.
What exactly do you want to "blockchain" into your business?
If you are intending to *monetize* something over the internet, then Bitcoin is probably the best currency to use as it is likely to appreciate over time, whereas *every other currency in the world* will depreciate.
There is Bitcoin, and there are shitcoins.
Bitcoin can be used in many different ways. It really depends on what you are trying to do as to what method of interfacing with Bitcoin you should use.
@_date: 2019-08-18 12:35:17
How do you suppose Bitcoin is going to *prevent* the free-markets and the emergence of monopolies? Bitcoin is free-speech money. It is designed disable people from interfering in your transactions.
See, Bitcoin doesn't care what *you* think. The top-down controlled economy is being stripped of its ability to interfere with people's trading, and the result will be an economy whose outcomes will be decided by the individual actions of people acting in their own selfish interest. No person or group is going to be able to control the outcome. It will be a man eat man world, where you are responsible for yourself, because the only fallback you will have in hard times will be *voluntary charity*. The ability of the State to steal people's money and give it to others will die forever, all thanks to Bitcoin - the unconfiscatable asset.
I used to be a liberal before Bitcoin. I've been in it since 2011, and at first I thought along the same lines as you. It is through learning about economies and money that I have become a radical libertarian, and I am content with the idea that nobody is in charge and nobody can influence the outcome - because we can't get any worse than the current state of play - stealing money from people to reallocate it to others. Whether you think the outcome is justified or not, it is not your money to decide.
@_date: 2019-08-18 10:46:14
It isn't tribal thinking. It is completely the opposite. I am not suggesting anybody's ideas be shut down by force. I'm suggesting they should air them in the open, so that the world can see how bad they are, and we can make a mockery of them.
Bitcoin will end the ability of State's to censor the flow of information. There is only one side of the political spectrum which is calling for the other side to be censored, and they're willing to use the very same corporations they claim are the cause of their false victim-hood (capitalism) to achieve that goal.
In the post Bitcoin world, you will be able to send information to anybody and everybody provided you pay the fee. There will be no middlemen who decide what can or cannot be said. It will be impossible to stop the flow. People spreading bad ideas will go broke, because they'll be *paying* to distribute the information. On the other hand, the good ideas will be profitable, because people will pay to listen.
Environmentalism is not inherently bad, but the idea that somebody else should pay for your perceived problems is. If environmentalists are so concerned, they should invest their own money into fixing the problems they think need fixing.
The majority of lefitst go silent when it is suggested that *they* pay for their perceived problems. Leftism is largely about deciding how *other people's money* should be spent.
@_date: 2019-10-12 11:52:49
The unit of account on LN is millisatoshi.
@_date: 2019-10-28 20:54:10
Bitcoin has a finite money supply which was set in stone when the first Bitcoin software was released and the Bitcoin network was established. This amount of money is subject to a predictable supply schedule and will eventually all be released by 2140.
There will be no new Bitcoin ever created. All the bitcoin which will ever exist will be released gradually over the next 121 years.
The supply of all other monies, by comparison, is effectively infinite. There is no finite supply of money outside of Bitcoin. It is impossible to recreate the circumstances in which Bitcoin invented the finite supply of money, because any new money which is created after Bitcoin exists is creating new money, and therefore, cannot be finite by definition! If it is possible to just create new money, then there is no upper bound on the amount of new money which can be created.
@_date: 2019-10-01 10:12:08
Banks are investing in shitcoins in attempt to weaken Bitcoin.
All very dumb money, which will only turn a profit if they are able to convince enough laymen that they're "like Bitcoin but with X," which will never be true for any of them.
We should celebrate that banks are wasting their time on junk projects and leaving Bitcoin alone to be developed unrestricted by politics and regulation by people who have influence purely on their merit and not their financial clout.
Hopefully they won't realize that Bitcoin is the future until new, untainted companies and services have completely dominated the space and made the established players obsolete.
@_date: 2019-08-08 22:39:00
Co-location is the wrong strategy for mining business. What is really needed is mining *mobility*. Miners need to be able to relocate their equipment between power sources, with little to no downtime, so that they can target the cheapest sources at any time, which may or may not be permanently available. The mining facilities should therefore be TEU containers equipped with a generator and/or backup power source which can be utilized whilst the container is in transit, and numerous communication systems available for block relay.
@_date: 2019-10-28 22:20:04
There cannot be a change in the money supply because there is nobody who possesses the ability to implement a change. The rules dictating the release schedule and finite supply are independently enforced by every client operating on the Bitcoin network. It is not possible to change this. You cannot force users to change their software!
You are also going to have an extremely hard sell at *convincing* even a minority of users to change their software and allow inflation - and therefore, devaluation of their own savings! Nobody will ever buy it.
And since nobody is in charge, there is no way that you could get everybody to agree on a new inflation schedule anyway. Everyone will have their own opinion of how much, how fast, if at all, any new money should be created. Since everybody will disagree, then the only solution is for them all to agree to not attempt any change, because the consequences of attempting to change - fragmenting the network, will result in their savings being obliterated!
Changes can only be made to the network in such a way that all participants agree to the change because the change is *already compatible* with the rules they're enforcing. Attempting an incompatible change will simply spin off another shitcoin which will go nowhere.
@_date: 2019-08-18 13:01:36


That's your point of view - so then walk the walk do help those less fortunate than you.
What's that, you can't afford to?
Then get yourself into an economic position where you are able to.
Guess which is the only economic system which allows you to get into a position where you can help others, rather than spending all of your time just on survival?
Oh yeah, not Socialism. Under socialism, the more you earn, the less you take home to decide how you should spend. Instead, somebody else decides how it should be spent. They might not have the same ideas as you how that should be done. What's more, it's only one election away from your money being used for nefarious purposes rather than the original charity you intended it to be used for.
Wouldn't it be better if *you* were in control of your money, and you could decide how it gets spent. Instead of just giving a bulk 20% to some bureaucrats to decide, you instead say "I'll give 10% to the NHS, 5% to X, and 0% to aggressive military use"?
That would be capitalism you are after.
@_date: 2019-08-24 09:21:51
Thanks for the clarification.
@_date: 2019-08-26 13:38:56
Bitcoin has a scripting language on which "smart" contracts can be built.
A "smart" contract is one which is evaluated based on provable mathematical data inputs which can be provided ahead-of-time.
A contract which wants some external data from outside of bitcoin itself is a "dumb" contract.
There is nothing which "blockchain" projects offer which cannot be done with Bitcoin. More importantly, other projects are not capable of offering what they promise because they eschew the monetary incentive which Bitcoin provides for offering energy to secure its function.
As Bitcoin is a permanent fix for inflation, there is an inevitable and unstoppable capital flight towards Bitcoin. While currently, there is some capital flight towards these other shitcoin projects, this is largely dumb investment money and misguided interests. The projects themselves attempt to break Bitcoin's fix on inflation by attempting to reintroduce it. By printing new tokens, which are not backed by real bitcoin, these other projects are effectively *fractional reserve* systems, where the value of the tokens it creates can only depreciate over time relative to the standard monetary asset which has the incoming capital (Bitcoin).
Since all of the tokens are eventually going to lose all of their value, the incentive for people to invest their electricity into securing those systems will also be lost, and so the security promises which they may advertize themselves as having, are not long-term sustainable.
However, Bitcoin's security properties are destined to improve with time because the capital flight towards Bitcoin guarantees that more investment will be made into securing the network in attempt to capture the ever-increasing revenue which can be made from doing so.
Shitcoins are mostly "interesting technology" for people who do not have a clue about economics.
Bitcoin is an economic system, not merely clever software.
Any "interesting" software which is truly interesting can be done by having tokens which are 1-1 backed by Bitcoin, and thus, retain the permanent inflation fix. Since the same system without inflation is objectively superior to the one with fractional reserves, those systems with fractional reserves will simply get replaced by ones without. They are dead ends.
@_date: 2019-08-24 01:25:40
Hal didn't just think about this in ONE WEEK.
He was thinking about it for years.
Because he designed it.
@_date: 2019-10-28 22:05:37
Bitcoin is not Bitcoin if it requires permission from the state to use it.
If you don't need permission, then you don't need the state.
Government must adapt to Bitcoin, and not the other way round.
@_date: 2019-08-18 00:08:21
The problem leftist virtue signallers have is that when the learn that people who don't agree with their LGBTQ pet issues also have a voice and can transact outside of the state with Bitcoin, they quickly run to the state and beg for them to be silenced for "hate speech".
Environmentalism is another leftist talking point - but when they realize that Bitcoin can forever prevent governments from stealing people's money in the name of "saving the environment", based on cooked up psuedo-science, then they get TRIGGERED.
Andreas talks mostly sense, but his pandering to crowds with retarded pet issues is only there to ensure he continues selling tickets. I doubt he buys into most of that shit, because he wouldn't be a Bitcoiner if he believed the state should be the arbiter of public opinion.
@_date: 2019-10-28 12:34:13
I'm not suggesting Bitcoin will *trigger* hyperinflation, but it will certainly *cure* it.
Hyperinflation will be caused in one place: the fed.
@_date: 2019-08-26 11:02:30
Inflation isn't the only problem. The other protections you think you have could be overturned any time by despots or a violent populist mob.
@_date: 2019-08-18 13:10:58
Yes, you can be charitable with your time and labour too. But, if you're spending 40+ hours a week just to meet basic needs, then you aren't going to leave yourself an abundance of time to work on your charitable effort. On the other hand, if you have a steady supply of income, such that you have lots of free time on your hands, you can make much more effective difference to those less fortunate.
Most charitable efforts still need some money. Obtaining money through voluntary charity is virtuous and I have no complaints about this.
Obtaining it through theft is a different story.
@_date: 2019-08-24 09:30:32
Avoid != Evade
Evading is illegal. Avoiding can be legal, if done right.
Avoiding paying unnecessary tax is completely within ones rights. It is only socialist parasites who complain that people aren't paying more than their legal requirements. They expect that companies should pay *more* taxes, simply because they perform well.
"Tax loopholes," are really just *smart business decisions*. People who make the effort to save money by making clever decisions regarding their finances should not be punished when they perform well.
Socialism in this case means taking money away from the people who demonstrate that they are effective at utilizing capital, and giving it to people who have demonstrated that they know nothing about utilizing capital, because if they did know, they would be making the same decisions as the smarter ones who are profiting!
As for "evading" taxes illegally, this is really your own prerogative based on whether or not you think the taxation is just, and whether you are willing to take the personal risk if you are caught doing it. Nobody can tell you whether or not you should do this: it's your own choice.
@_date: 2019-08-27 10:44:15
You can't control price!
I've just explained that above.
Attempts to control price means that whales will eat you up.
You have no choice *but to play by the rules of the market*, or the market will destroy you.
@_date: 2019-10-14 16:20:30
I said above, that a soft-fork activated virtual block size increase along with new advancements is reasonable and several should be expected. SegWit was the example of how to do engineering correctly. No existing bitcoin user was denied service!
The same will be true even for future forks which introduce quantum-resistant DSAs - the old signatures will still be in place but they will be phased out gradually as people move to the more secure signature.
Quantum computing is no threat to SHA256, but potentially a threat to Secp256k1.
The point is, and always was, that block size is not the primary point of contention. People throwing their weight around and demanding hard-forks is. They are anti-Bitcoin closet socialists who are terrified of an economic system where no humans have the keys to control it. And of course, they want to be the ones holding the keys!
@_date: 2019-10-19 16:40:17
There's only 2 hours of video. Where's the rest of it?
@_date: 2019-08-27 11:27:39
Your step 1 and 2 are correct, but step 3 is a bad move.
Bitcoin will appreciate more than any property, and at a faster rate than you generate revenue from renting out such property.
You will change your mind and simply hodl the bitcoin. You will not need rental income because you can live off your bitcoin easily.
You will only begin investing into property once hyperbitcoinization has occurred and the gains are no longer significant. If you have invested £100,000 by now, this means you'll have the purchasing power equivalent of £100,000,000 then.
Congratulations, you've made it.
@_date: 2019-10-02 20:17:40
Transitional period in which people need to acquire BTC with the fiat they earn in their wage.
ATMs are the best way to do this because they don't require identity documents. You can use them anonymously and gain control of Bitcoin which are not linked to your person. This makes you less of a target for criminals, including the State, who might attempt to steal your money.
When hyperbitcoinization has occurred, these ATMs may no longer be necessary, but the companies who have invested in such infrastructure will have developed stellar reputations and networks, and will be preferred companies for other financial services beside fiat exchange.
@_date: 2019-08-17 23:42:35
I'm not a Johnson disciple and I have my doubts that he is genuinely up to the task. There's a fair chance he won't have the balls to see it through and will try to get another extension. Fortunately, there's another party in the UK now which will completely destroy him in the next GE if he fails to deliver.
The trouble with media personalities and the State "economists", is that they don't actually understand anything about economies because they have not read Menger and Mises. They think that economies are controlled from the top and that they are influential over the end result. Of course they are lunatics. Economies are the result of the actions of individuals - not the fucking cranks running the asylum.
The problem you have, as a non Brit, is that you simply don't understand British people and British culture. You have a distorted view of the reality of Britain painted to you by the BBC. London is not Britain.
@_date: 2019-08-17 23:59:23
Sheltered university campus in large city is not Britain either.
I don't talk for all Brits. I'm not claiming too.
I'm talking *about* Brits. Brits have the brauns and the brains. This includes the city dwellers and those in the sticks. The British people are second to none in this world in their inventiveness and hard working ethic. There is no way a nation of intelligent, hard workers is going to become the third-world nation that the media suggests it will become.
There are a few exceptions to this of course - they're usually leftists who think the world owes them something and sponge off the state. If they love the EU so much, I would welcome them to leave Britain.
@_date: 2019-08-24 22:44:26
The store of value and medium of exchange are the same thing. You need either to make the other have any meaningful purpose.
Bitcoin needs peer-to-peer payments in order to avoid the problems which it fixes. If peers start relying on third-parties to facilitate those transactions, they grant the third-party the capability to set up a fractional reserve payments system. Each trusted third-party will be like the banks of today, who can issue credit from thin air.
A difference with bitcoin, is that the poor choices of some users does not break the system for the rest who make better choices. If one of those third-parties operates fractional reserve accounts, they do not devalue *my* bitcoin holdings, which I am sovereign over. A central bank devalues a currency for all of its users, because it has the monopoly over the settlement of payments in it.
Given that Bitcoin's raison d'être is to eliminate trusted third-parties from having the ability to censor payments or devalue the currency for its owners, it is ultimately going to be necessary that daily payments are possible in a purely peer-to-peer fashion which eschews the trusted third-parties altogether.
For that purpose, Bitcoin is indeed competing with the likes of LINE PAY and Suica - which have trusted third parties which must be eradicated entirely.
@_date: 2019-08-03 11:24:06
Yes, Republicans use the legal system to judge people.
The Dims use the "Clinton system" to get rid of their undesirables.
How about 'suicide' counts per party?
@_date: 2019-10-27 19:58:47
You seem to imply that BTC follows the dollar.
I'd argue that the long term trend is actually inverted. As the dollar declines, Bitcoin will become more valiable.
This can all happen in a heartbeat, as you've suggested.
@_date: 2019-08-27 15:11:16


It doesn't work like that. Creating their billions devalues their currency, causing more pressure for everyone else to flee it and into bitcoin - pumping the price further upwards and making it even more difficult for them to acquire it.
They will eventually attempt this, and it will be the start of the end of the dollar.
The amount they would have to throw away to attempt to attack bitcoin will not be hundreds of billions, but many trillions. And all it would do would cause a temporary price drop as they throw their money away and smart people gobble up cheap Bitcoin for the time when it returns to normal and dominates. (And the dollar by this point is on its death bed).
Bitcoin cannot be stopped. It can only destroy people who think they can stop it.
@_date: 2019-08-04 06:56:35
They put between 3% and 5% on buys. It's necessary to manage their risk. Compared to other ATM vendors, those rates are very good. Most other ATMs are around 9%.
Compared to using an online exchange, it might seem expensive, but it's a price worth paying for privacy. It will cost you more than 5% or 9% if you make a big profit and Conbase or whatever exchange automatically submits your financial activity to the tax authority without telling you.
@_date: 2019-10-27 18:00:31
You're referring to the dollar right?
@_date: 2019-08-18 10:57:14
You seem to think that free trade is a zero-sum game and that one party must lose for the other to gain.
Doesn't work like that. Both parties can gain. The UK will benefit from increased trade with the US, even if the US benefits more than the UK does. The benefits do not need to be equal. It is mutually beneficial. Nobody is losing out.
And yes, Europe will struggle to find another market for many goods. German cars are pretty popular on British roads. Do you think China will start buying them if purchases from the UK decrease?
In 10 years, British roads will be filled with American cars, which before now, besides Ford, have never been popular in the UK.
@_date: 2019-08-17 20:58:46
GBP has already been priced with the expectation of Brexit happening.
The EUR has not been priced with the expectation of Brexit happening, because the zombies in the EU think that they will stop Brexit.
I would be more concerned about the BTC/EUR rate. Europeans gonna get rekt by the European Central Bank.
Bitcoin is safu.
@_date: 2019-08-23 10:06:51
Litecoin is centralized in the same way the Catholic Church is centralized.
@_date: 2019-08-18 12:06:44
The deal proposed by the EU was unacceptable to the British because it was a surrender document, giving sovereignty of the Irish border over to Brussels.
Brexit is first and foremost about the reclaiming of sovereignty, and the economy is a secondary concern. It just happens that the economy will do better with increased sovereignty because Britain will be able to liberate itself from the protectionist racket that is the EU.
The UK imports food from all over the world. Increased trade with Africa will be mutually beneficial to us and them. To be honest, I'd rather have food grown out of the ground than the tasteless vegetables that come from Dutch greenhouses, even if I have to pay a little bit more.
@_date: 2019-08-18 10:53:59
You mean by eliminating 8% tariffs on many goods, we will bring the prices down, forcing Europe to lower their own prices to compete with international markets for British trade.
OK, whatever you say.
@_date: 2019-08-23 12:28:30


My point is that *only* electricity can prove this. There is no way somebody can remotely determine that you have burned some Methane, for example. The heat from such burning only spreads to a very small isolated area. This ain't suitable for everybody verifying around the world.
Nobody "creates" energy. Energy just exists. We know from the laws of physics that energy may only be converted between forms and may never be created nor destroyed.
Electricity, however, is created. It requires some process to convert the natural potential energy around us into a more useful form of energy which can be utilized anywhere, at any time, for any purpose. Electricity is liquid energy. It is the most sought after commodity on this planet. Bitcoin wouldn't dominate if something less saleable was being used instead. The fact that Bitcoin is *electricity credits* ensures that it has guaranteed saleability, now and forever. The two are inseperable. As long as humans desire electricity, Bitcoin will be around to purchase it.
This is also why nothing can replace PoW. Other systems like PoS (piece of shit) are backed by different commodities - mainly *futures* (bets). The saleability of these commodities pales in comparison to the saleability of electricity.
@_date: 2019-08-01 14:11:43
Gold is to Bitcoin as Antiques are to Technology.
Gold still has a use for aesthetic purposes, but not for much practical.
@_date: 2019-08-17 07:44:45
You should read /biz/ and do exactly the opposite of what they suggest there.
They're the biggest losers around - they all either failed to make money from Bitcoin, or made losses, and are trying to repeat their past failures with shitcoin of the month.
The only financial advice you need is acquire Bitcoin at the current market rate, and HODL it - indefinitely. By the time you *need* to spend it, when you're retired and have no other source of income, then you won't be concerned about the price you pay now.
@_date: 2019-08-24 18:40:06
What would make anyone think Bitcoin could exchange for $10,000/BTC when it was merely $0.01/BTC just 10 years ago?
Hyperbitcoinization - the state where Bitcoin is the world reserve currency and everybody transacts in Bitcoin for almost all services - is an inevitability. In that case, it captures most of the economic value in the world.
Currently, the number of people actually using bitcoin, or who have owned, or still own bitcoin, is probably only in the tens of millions.
This means that we're probably not even 1% through the planet's population.
We are, however, 85% through the bitcoin supply that will ever exist.
This means 99% of the world will be competing for 15% of the bitcoin.
It won't be cheap.
@_date: 2019-08-26 14:12:49
A "masternode" is an attempt to replace the proof-of-work security of Bitcoin with a proof-of-stake property, where a selected set of users have *more authority* than the rest.
They are unlike Bitcoin where every user has equal capabilities and is completely sovereign over their own ability to validate the transactions which they receive.
"Masternode", as the name suggests, is an appeal to an authoritarian psyche, as it implies that you will gain some authority over others, who are obviously, as the antonym suggests, going to be "slaves."
@_date: 2019-08-18 12:01:47
Absolute delusion. Bitcoin is not socialism. The network isn't run by altruists - it is run by capitalists competing to profit by confirming people's transactions. Nobody is going to run a mining operation without expecting profit. Even people running full validation nodes without the intent of profit aren't doing it for altruistic purposes - but are doing it for their own self-interest - ensuring that *their* transactions are valid and not double spends.
Bitcoin is purely about the self-interest of individuals. Nobody is in it to make somebody else better off. They are in it for themselves, and nothing else. It just so happens that everybody working in their own selfish interest is *mutually beneficial* to them. This is also known as *capitalism*. Adam Smith called it the "invisible hand" - the individual actions of people conducting trade between themselves, each benefiting from it - results in the growth of an economy outside of themselves - something which they never intended, but which happens by accident.
A free-market is one where there is little to no red-tape preventing people from risking their own assets to try and secure a profit for themselves. Britain is far from a free-market. Socialist programmes like the NHS are entrenched in British society and it will be a long process to drain the swamp.
@_date: 2019-08-27 06:59:29
Because ETH is unsustainable, which means in a few years your system will have to be replaced. Building on ETH is creating technical debt. It will put you out of business.
@_date: 2019-10-28 14:52:29
The devastation will be to existing industry which resists Bitcoin. Workers will demand to be paid in Bitcoin and businesses which can't pay it, because they have no Bitcoin income, will collapse and be replaced with Bitcoin-accepting businesses. These businesses will pay their employees in Bitcoin, and they'll find the brightest and most hard-working people to work for them.
The ones left in the dark will be those who vehemently oppose Bitcoin because they're statists who cannot accept a free market, and those who have no marketable skills which will allow them to earn bitcoin in exchange for their labour.
For everyone else, they will work hard and earn Bitcoin, lower their time preference and begin to acccumulate capital. The bitcoin rich, the early adopters with super-low time preferences will be the investor class of the future, and will only put money into projects which are designed to stand the test of time and create long lasting wealth. These won't be businesses which work on a 12-month budget, but instead on a 12-year budget.
The potential for economic growth will be unfathomable. And this will be real growth - real creation of new capital, and not the false growth we see today where products are designed to fail after a few years so that companies can keep selling plastic shite to impulsive consumers.
The "fallout" you mention is going to be fantastic. A great cleaning of the swamp and a global mindshift towards virtue and long-lasting prosperity.
This is why the scam/entitlement class are out in full force to try and stop bitcoin or "replace" it with shitcoins. They fear the world that Bitcoin is bringing because it will usurp the power they perceive themselves as having. The power will be entirely in the hands of individuals who own and use Bitcoin without any middlemen.
@_date: 2019-10-07 07:00:26
Absolute delusion.
There is more likely to be a bloody war than Jeremy Corbyn coming to power.
@_date: 2019-08-03 08:08:07
Bitcoin is designed to have a fixed cap. The deflationary aspect of it is due to lost or unspendable coins. Initially it is inflationary, but eventually will result in a low amount of deflation.
A low amount of deflation is not harmful. Not like the scaremongers will lead you to believe. A high amount of deflation would have consequences as people would hoard the money and drastically reduce spending and investment.
Ultimately, the world is deflationary due to technological progress. All goods get cheaper over time. Advances in agriculture, for example, mean that grain can be produced in vastly larger quantities, and that the yield is better, with less chance of disaster due to pests or the weather.
So grain should be dirt cheap, and the price of bread should be coming down right?
If only we didn't have forced inflation, that would probably be the case. The price of bread increases every 6 months or so mostly due to this. An increased demand for bread due to population growth certain does not explain the rise in price.
Consider other examples like cars: Lose 20% of value on purchase and then 15% of their value per year until they actually have negative value (cost money to scrap).
Computers are deflationary. Wait 18 months and you have 2x the computer you could buy now, for much less than 2x the cost it is now.
If you believe the Keynesians about the disaster of having no inflation - they're suggesting that nobody would buy a car or a computer because if they just hold onto the money, the money will have greater purchasing power in 2 years.
Its true that this will be the case with Bitcoin, as it will continue to have increased purchasing power due to increased demand, even though it is still inflationary. Savers should see interest accrue on their savings over time. It provides a motivation for saving. This can be done with no risk if a currency is deflationary. Savvy investments will yield better returns because the deflation is very small. However, not all money should be invested! This is important. In order for an economy to prosper, there must be a ready available supply of capital for important infrastructure projects, disaster relief and such. Everybody should have some savings so that they are not dependent on the state if hard times hit.
Suggested reading that is suitable for both adults and children: 
Another completely fucked up aspect about the banking cartel and the way it operates, is that their profits are private, but their losses are often public - as taxpayers end up bailing them out for their bad investments.
@_date: 2019-08-17 07:40:40
Just downvote them all and report as spam.
It's a shitty marketing campaign that we should just all ignore and kill before people get scammed.
@_date: 2019-10-07 17:04:41


I forgot there's a few things he's consistent with. Antisemitism. Support of terrorists.
Anything else he'll change his mind at any minute if he thinks he's latched onto something else popular.
@_date: 2019-10-28 13:12:15
The question is, what can you do about it if you don't want to live in that world?
You can try to avoid Bitcoin, but you're just going to miss out. It is in your own self-interest to get into Bitcoin.
And since it is in the self-interest of every person to get into Bitcoin, it is *inevitable* that the transition will happen. This cannot be stopped. Nobody has the power or influence to stop people acting in their own self-interest.
So if you think it is going to be ugly, then complaining will get you nowhere. The only think you can do is THINK, and plan ahead. If you happen to get in early and become wealthy as Bitcoin becomes more highly valued, then perhaps you can use this new found wealth to alleviate some of the poverty which will still exist after hyperbitcoinization.
The problem with lefties is that they do nothing but complain and make no effort to enrich themselves which would enable them to begin solving problems. Instead, they just want *other people* to pay for their pet problems.
@_date: 2019-08-01 03:57:58
Nope. You're underestimating Bitcoin.
The technology becomes uninteresting when they need to introduce inflation (print their own coin). If they have anything interesting to do, they can do it without inflation, by coupling it to Bitcoin.
Technologies built on Bitcoin will thrive. The rest will fade into obscurity.
@_date: 2019-08-27 10:32:46
They can't "destroy" it. What part of this don't you understand?
Attempts to game Bitcoin will destroy your own wealth. If you try to drop the price by selling, you simply give away bitcoin to your opponents for a reduced price. If you try to increase by the price by buying hodling, you help to increase the price because of reduced liquidity in the markets but still increasing demand. It is therefore in your economic interest to do the latter. You have no choice. Bitcoin demands that you play by its rules or you will lose all of your money!
People can acquire as much Bitcoin as they want. They gain no "control" over it. Bitcoin is controlled by the market, which is very widely distributed and no individuals can dictate the terms.
@_date: 2019-08-20 08:12:01
So you mean you've never run a business?
Thought not.
Why not try, and find out how wrong you are?
Most government employees have never run a business either. It's no wonder they're such a poor service provider.
@_date: 2019-08-24 22:33:03
If you hold off on buying that computer and wait 18 months, Moore's law suggests you'll get one twice as powerful then.
Nobody would ever buy a computer right? Wouldn't we all just wait until Moore's law has stopped our computers depreciating in value?
@_date: 2019-10-02 20:10:19
If the ATM does not ask for identity, how can it even set a limit?
If there was a £1,000 withdrawal limit, you could simply use the machine 10x sequentially to withdraw £10,000.
@_date: 2019-08-18 10:52:17
Bitcoin ELIMINATES socialism.
The core tenet of socialism is taking other people's money/assets and deciding how they should be spent.
Bitcoin eliminates the ability for tyrants to take those assets, because they have no physical presence are and stored in the brain.
The market will be freer than ever under Bitcoin. Nobody will be able to stop people transacting.
If you genuinely think that Bitcoin is going to bring about some socialist utopia, you have no fucking clue what it is.
Etherium might be the socialist paradise you're looking for. Too bad it will fail miserably and socialism will die FOREVER.
@_date: 2019-10-31 17:17:08
Pitchforks will be a thing of the past once people realize that they are far more powerful withholding their money from the State than wielding weapons.
The State depends on your money for its mere existence. Without it, there is no State. The force of the State can only be upheld for as long as the State can afford to hire mercenaries.
@_date: 2019-08-23 10:01:25
Get this silly idea out of your head once and for all, or you will never understand Bitcoin.
Bitcoin will *never* be hard forked. This is final!
It *can't* be hard forked, because nobody is able to do so. Any attempt at hardforking spins off a shitcoin, which will go the same way as BCH, guaranteed. Every time.
No backward-incompatible change will ever be recognized by the majority of Bitcoin participants. Every future change will not affect previous unspent transaction outputs, or require software upgrades. In 100 years, people will still have non-segwit transactions, and that's OK.
Bitcoin is not somebody's toy project. Even *useful* changes which can be soft-forked in can only be done so with a majority approval. A hard fork will not happen because it is simply *not feasible* to ever get an overwhelming majority to accept it - some won't pay attention to the news. If you are suggesting we make it possible that some people's money becomes unspendable because they don't follow the scene, you've come to the wrong place.
Please take note and learn. Bitcoin is not getting hard forked. Not now, not tomorrow, not ever.
The sooner you ACK this, the sooner you'll be able to embrace Bitcoin entirely. I'm 90% IN on Bitcoin, because I know that nobody can ever hard fork my money away. They can only fork themselves away from the global economy.
As for MW, unlikely it will ever make it into main chain. More likely than not it will be available in sidechains, but there are tradeoffs for these too. Currently the main sidechain implementations are federated (trusted third parties), or voted on by miners (Drivechains). The latter is probably more promising than the former, but could lead to loss of money if a mining majority appeared and colluded to steal from the sidechain.
@_date: 2019-08-26 10:47:35
Even with the protections in place, you are being robbed by inflation induced intentionally by the central bank.
@_date: 2019-08-18 12:50:25
Make up your fucking mind. You want no part in the old money system, but you still want to steal my money to pay for the NHS. Which one is it?
Capitalism is not mutually exclusive to charity. It is necessary for Charity. You can't be charitable if you don't own anything.
Spending other people's money isn't charity. It's theft.
@_date: 2019-10-30 00:17:27
There is work being done, but the Lightning Network is still in foundational stages so it is not simple to build on top of yet. We're also waiting for updates to Bitcoin such as Taproot/Schnorr and SIGHASH_NOINPUT, which will boost the capaibilities of LN significantly.
IPFS will be replaced by something similar attached to LN. Filecoin will be eternal vaporware. All shitcoins will be rendered completely irrelevant once the true capabilities of LN are unleashed.
@_date: 2019-08-26 11:17:05
Honestly, I've been using this strategy for the past 18 months. 90% of my savings are in bitcoin. After paying bills, I move any money left over into bitcoin and keep only a small amount of spare change in cash in my wallet - enough to last me until next paycheck.
I don't really concern myself with price charts. Day to day fluctuations are uninteresting. I only care where Bitcoin will be in 2-5 years.
@_date: 2019-06-23 15:42:54
No. All this information is in the lightning-rfc repo on Github, but in text form (aimed at developers). I just wrote this to answer the question above. Can't be bothered starting a blog. Anybody is welcome to steal the above text and modify, post it as they want.
@_date: 2019-08-27 15:15:46


You are talking about now. I'm talking about when Bitcoin is 5-10x what it is now, as was suggested in OPs plan.


Tossing a coin will give you as much insight.
If you are a gambler and you get lucky, you might win even bigger. At the same time, you may lose just as much. HODLing does not have the same chance of losing money in the long term. The only thing you can know, and safely make a bet on, is that bitcoin is going up and up in the long term. This is an extremely low risk investment strategy with a very high return on investment, unmatched by anything else.
@_date: 2019-06-15 09:41:33
A "wallet" does not do KYC. A custodian does KYC. It isn't a wallet, and you don't *own* any funds in it. What you really want is a wallet which you control entirely and are sovereign over your own money. Examples: Bitcoin Core, Wasabi Wallet, Electrum. Of course you don't need KYC to use these, they're just software.
Instead of using those shitty exchanges which ask you for all of your private information, go find a bitcoin ATM with  or exchange directly with another person using  or similar service. Another option will be  when there are more vendors around.
Using a VPN won't help you. Your VPN provider keeps logs, whatever they allege otherwise. Use Wasabi Wallet which comes with Tor out of the box.
@_date: 2019-08-26 19:45:08
Bitcoin will be &gt; $1M long before the dollar completely collapses.
You are overlooking Bitcoin's scarcity. Currently 85% of the future global monetary standard is in the hands of less than 1% of humans.
When that number starts to creep up beyond 2% or 3% of humans, you will see an acceleration in FOMO which you probably can't comprehend right now.
Anybody holding bitcoin will be stashing most of it in cold storage. The available liquid bitcoin for most of the world will be &lt;10% of the total bitcoin supply.
Hal's mistake was comparing the estimated global wealth of a few hundred trillion $ to the 21M total supply of Bitcoin. In reality, that global wealth is going to be largely distributed among &lt;2M bitcoin because most of the bitcoin in the world will be *frozen*.
As 95% of the world scrambles to accumulate a few thousands satoshis each, the demand will outpace the supply by such a wide margin, and people will be desperate to buy bitcoin, than they will simply pay whatever market price is necessary to get it.
The hyperinflation of the dollar will follow this, as the central bank will want to increase its bitcoin holdings and will print vast amounts of fake money to try and accumulate it.
By the time Bitcoin is finished with the dollar, you won't be able to trade a dollar for a millisatoshi.
If you own a bitcoin already and you have the nerve to hold it, congrats, you've already made it. You will not need to worry about money later in life.
@_date: 2019-06-23 13:31:37
Nope, the price of BTC in USD is not important.
The only chart that is important is this one: 
@_date: 2019-06-23 12:11:53
You can only be used as a router if you have multiple channels open, connected to the wider network, and you have a balanced liquidity, meaning that at least one channel has some inbound capacity and at least one channel has some outbound capacity.
You must declare these channels public when opening them. Currently it is not possible to change an existing private channel to become a public one and vice versa.
You should probably use LND directly on an always-online machine if you intend to route payments. A smartphone is not a very suitable device. Having public channels which are no always online will do more harm than good.
Whether anybody will use your channels will depend on a variety of things: How much you charge in fees, and the reachability of other nodes in the network relative to you among them. Check out talks by Alex Bosworth where he explains some of the methods for becoming a useful router in the network and how you might potentially profit from doing so.
@_date: 2019-06-15 09:22:48
The problem is "believing from the bottom of your heart" is an emotion, and emotions waver. What you really need is "knowing from the core of your brain," that bitcoin is going to be hugely successful, driven by simple logic and intuition, which isn't subject to your current mood.
It's really simple to be confident. Bitcoin can only fail if humans start acting *against their own interests*. For as long as people act in their own selfish interest, Bitcoin is guaranteed to succeed. Is there any evidence at all that people are going to stop acting in their own interest?
@_date: 2019-06-15 10:11:25
I'd rather see *software* than *service*. Take a look at WasabiWallet for an example of this done the right way. The software is completely free and open, but they (zkSNACKS) charge a small fee for setting up CoinJoin rounds. All communication done over Tor for privacy, no user needs to give up any information to use it.
Bitcoin script isn't too difficult if you take the time to learn it. It does seem like the kind of scripts that would be needed for this functionality would benefit greatly from Taproot, which is not yet in Bitcoin, but it is still possible without it.
I'm not sure of the feasibility of this really. It seems to me like the legatees are more likely to lose their private keys than the testator, who apparently knows what he is doing. I think they're more likely to leave physical copies of wallets in the form of coldbits/cryptosteel, etc.
@_date: 2019-08-27 10:05:45
I like Ted, but this idea shows that he doesn't really understand Bitcoin.
Bitcoin doesn't come about just because somebody is "very smart". It comes from people who have dedicated significant amounts of time to studying the problem.
The only people who did, before Bitcoin, were Hal Finney, Nick Szabo and Wei Dai.
@_date: 2019-06-15 09:34:08
Splitting a private key is the wrong way to do it. Bitcoin's scripting capabilities enable this kind of thing to be built in, using multisig outputs, timelocks and various other conditions. It should be possible to spend to outputs which you can spend at any time, but in the event of you not spending, then the funds may be spendable in 6 months or so using some other set, or subset of keys which have been agreed in advance with the legatees and any trustees. The "executor" of the will should be Bitcoin itself.
@_date: 2019-10-13 22:04:12
The problem with Bcash is looking it from a technical standpoint as if this has any relevance. It doesn't, because Bitcoin is not just a toy for programmers - it's an entire economic system which spans the globe, has millions of self-interested users and of course, the most key ingredient: nobody in charge.
You can't simply "change" bitcoin to your liking. It is impossible. You are not in control. You can't influence all of the individual actors to submit to your ideas. You are utterly powerless! The only thing you can do is propose an idea and allow the market to decide whether or not the idea is any good. This is what has been attempted with BCash, and the market has decisively made the point that it is trash, as most participants have stuck with Bitcoin. Whether it had technical merits or not - beside the point.
The proponents of BCash are simply against the market operating outside of their perceived control. The entire purpose of Bitcoin is to put the markets back in control and liberate control from the hands of individual humans and groups. BCashers are anti-bitcoin, closet socialists. They crave control. They're afraid of free markets!
The best thing about BCash is that it provides an environment for those people to segregate themselves and keep themselves occupied on something else, where they can't disrupt Bitcoin development with their anti-market, backwards thinking.
@_date: 2019-08-18 00:12:52
Are you suggesting that we work *less hard*?
If not, then what would suggest that Britain's economy will suffer?
I'm not suggesting any superiority. I'm suggesting that we're not *inferior* to anybody, as the media would have us believe.
There is absolutely nothing to indicate that Britain cannot do well as an independent nation, with control of its own borders and arbiter of its own laws. Britains economic success of the past half century is not owed to the EU.
Nothing I have said above is Xenophobic. Your distorted version of reality makes you think everything is racist. I'm simply not politically correct, which is the sensible way one should conduct thesmelves.
Political correctness is *political cuckedness*.
@_date: 2019-06-29 07:22:45


That's your problem. The hardware is capable, but building apps is no trivial task and would take many months.
Sell the S8 and use the money to buy a Casa, RaspPi or other small linux-enabled computer and set up the node yourself.
@_date: 2019-10-01 17:36:29
No currency exists in a vacuum. Printing new currency does not create new wealth. The finite wealth that existed, must therefore be split among even more tokens (whatever they are). This means that the wealth represented by each token is decreased.
Bitcoin is non-inflationary by design, but "crypto" is inflation by design. There is no limit to the number of crypto tokens which can exist. Since wealth is finite, then when divided among infinite tokens, each token represents **zero** value.
Only with Bitcoin's innovation of a finite monetary supply can digital tokens ever retain value. Bitcoin will dominate and other coins will become worthless. There are no exceptions to this rule.
It might take some time for people to realize this, and you may be able to make some money trading shitcoins in the mean time, but be careful you're not the final bagholder, because those bags will be heavy.
@_date: 2019-06-16 01:15:08
Imagine what would happen if the government tried to ban people giving cash to their family and friends.
Do you think it would stop people from giving cash to their family and friends?
KYC is irrelevant if you obtain bitcoin the correct way (one of the ways listed above), because the government will never know you have it. You won't need to pay some taxes on it, such as inheritance tax if you die and secretly pass it down to your family.
If you obtain bitcoin the wrong way (through KYC), then the government is going to be closely monitoring your transactions.
You don't need KYC to use a bitcoin ATM, but some ATMs may limit how much you can deposit or withdraw to comply with the relevant legislations. (They don't need to bother for small amounts)
@_date: 2019-10-03 16:21:32
They will almost certainly attempt this, but it is not something that can be pulled off in a day because there is not enough liquidity in the Bitcoin markets for them to suck up any significant amount of it.
This will likely be more of a gradual process, where new money is printed to buy up Bitcoin in amounts not much higher than they already print for annual inflation. It is possible that they have already been doing this for some time secretly. The amount printed, however, will gradually increase year upon year until there exists a tremendous capital flight into Bitcoin to escape the growing inflation in fiat economies.
At this point, hyperinflation of the dollar will begin, and the money printing machines will go into full force in attempt to acquire as much bitcoin as possible.
The central bank will never hold the majority because there are already too many hodlers who won't sell at any price point. Particularly, when a large amount of inflation of the dollar is already occurring, there will be fewer people who'll let go of their Bitcoin. The only reason one would ever exchange would be if they absolutely needed to buy a product or use a service which only accepted fiat and not Bitcoin - but few of these business will continue to exist because they will not be able to compete with services accepting payments in Bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-10-01 09:59:07
A: There's no such thing as "bitcoin choose". There is only "users of bitcoin choose." Not all users need to be involved or even aware. Nobody can force users to watch sidechains. The sidechain will always have fewer users than the main chain and thus, reduced security guarantees.
Drivechains attempt to trust miners to secure the sidechain. This is part of the process, but a majority of miners who are aware of the sidechain can collude to steal from the sidechain. The miners who don't know of the sidechain will no care to look.
It is never really possible to have a "majority of users verify", because this too is subject to Sybil attacks. Users of bitcoin aren't verifying for other people, but verifying for themselves that the rules are being adhered to. If only the users of the sidechain are monitoring that the sidechain rules are being adhered to, they will always be strictly fewer than bitcoin main chain, and so, main chain only users will not care.
As for choosing some "blessed sidechains," this will never happen because of politics. Everyone will want their sidechain to be recognized, and nobody will ever accept the list as final - it will forever expand to fit in the next sidechain for whoever has the marketing to reach a wide enough user base. And if is is the case that some company has enough reach to be considered secure, it doesn't need changes to Bitcoin because it could stand on its own feet.
B: This is essentially the same as above. There sidechain can indicate whatever it wants, but Bitcoin users are never required, and never will be required to monitor the sidechain. The sidechain will be strictly less secure than the main chain, and few will want to risk their funds.
In suspect Drivechains are the best we will get for non-interactive payment networks as sidechains for any time soon.
The interactive payment networks should be the point of interest. Several federated sidechains are doing OK for people who are happy to trust several third-parties. Channel Factories can achieve smaller payment networks without trust. There will likely be many variants of these for particular use cases, and people will be able to swap funds between them using atomic/submarine swaps.
@_date: 2019-08-20 17:25:06
It's not. It's risk management.
The risks are huge with ATMs. The price of Bitcoin can swing more than €700 between the machine accepting cash, and an employee emptying the machine and ferrying it to a bank, then converting it back to Bitcoin via whatever exchange they use.
 ATMs have some of the best rates around. Other ATM vendors are in the range of 10%.
And the 5.5% markup for shitcoins.club ATMs is a price worth paying for privacy. They won't ask you for ID. It won't take 5 days for your payment to clear.
It is the best way of obtaining BTC, besides a direct person-to-person trade with cash.
@_date: 2019-06-22 22:00:50
It is traders using it for arbitrage.
Trading between exchanges with USD directly is very slow because the money must clear using the legacy payment methods when transferring between exchanges. The time taken to do this would miss most arbitrage opportunities.
USDT trades between exchanges are very fast because they don't need to touch legacy systems, making it useful for arbitrage.
@_date: 2019-06-23 12:05:58
In the same way that stolen cash can be spent.
The receiver doesn't know it's stolen.
@_date: 2019-06-23 17:33:27


Exchanges are not important. What matters is whether the *users* of the chain are willing to change to the new rules.
An exchange which works against the interest of its users will lose business to an exchange which doesn't. No exchange is idiotic enough to attempt this. Remember, they are service *providers*. They are not rulesetters.
@_date: 2019-10-14 17:04:18
There is no known quantum algorithm which weakens SHA256.
There is Shor's algorithm, which threatens EC cryptography and other cryptography based on the discrete logarithm problem.
Care the cite any study which provides any details of a quantum threat to SHA256?
@_date: 2019-10-13 20:46:39
No, because China has been buying up Gold and would completely dominate globally under a renewed gold standard.
Bitcoin has already won anyway. It is better than gold in almost every aspect. Anybody with a clue should be accumulating Bitcoin and keep selling their gold to China.
@_date: 2019-06-13 16:01:39
BitPay is obsolete.
BTCPayServer is the stable choice for accepting payments, keeping 100% of control, and it already supports Lightning.
@_date: 2019-10-13 19:27:16
The input to the SHA256 in the mining process is the block header, which includes a set of transactions which have been selected from the mempool, the SHA256 of the previous block, a difficulty target and a random number.
The random number is changed until the SHA256 of this block header falls below a set target. Each random number requires recomputing the entire SHA256 of the header and cannot be sped up or partially pre-processed. The mining chips conduct billions to trillions of these hashes per second.
Every 2016 blocks (approx 2 weeks), the difficulty is adjusted based on the average block mining time over that period. This new difficulty must be agreed by all participants of the network. Anybody attempting to use a false difficulty will have their blocks rejected.
Each block has a transaction called a `coinbase`, which comes first in the list of transactions. This coinbase takes all of the transaction fees as input, and also a subsidy, which was initially 50 bitcoins, but decreases by half every 210,000 blocks. The miner chooses who this transaction gets paid to - usually it is a list of addresses who are part of the mining pool.
@_date: 2019-06-23 08:11:31
No. They acquired a company which was developing state of the art software for blockchain analysis.
@_date: 2019-10-27 19:56:48
Incorrect. Bitcoin is the only stable coin. All other coins are volatilecoin because they're pegged to volatile assets.
@_date: 2019-10-23 17:19:06
The payment channels which are currently used in the Lightning Network are bitcoin contracts where a 2-of-2 multisig transaction output contains the channel funds, and the two parties involved in the channel must cosign every change to the balance of the channel in *commitment transactions*, which spend the balance. These transactions are held privately by each party and not put onto the blockchain. Either party can broadcast a commitment at any time to reclaim their part of the balance and close the channel. This enables LN to be completely trustless.
One issue is that if you have a previous channel state where you had more funds than you do now, then you might attempt to defraud your channel counterparty by broadcasting this old state on the Bitcoin network to claim more than you currently have in the channel. To solve this problem, we need a way for previous channel states to be revocable once the channel state has changed.
The way LN implements revocation is by making it possible that upon broadcasting an expired channel state, the party whose funds are being stolen can intercept with a *justice transaction*, which not only claims their true channel balance, but sweeps the entire channel capacity back to themselves. It is not possible for this justice transaction to be created *unless* the other party attempts fraud.
The recent issue with somebody losing money is simply that, **they attempted fraud, and got punished**.
Whether or not this was accidental or intentional is not of concern to the Bitcoin network, nor the other party of the channel who could've had their funds stolen because their channel counterparty was negligent with keeping accurate information about the contract they agreed to.
This account is a success story for LN. It shows that it doesn't pay to attempt fraud in LN. It is a trustless protocol where attempting to steal ends up costing you.
@_date: 2019-06-23 19:59:16
It's only risky if you are looking for short term gains.
If you're in it for the long run, it is a guaranteed winner.
If you think there is anything that can stop Bitcoin at this point, you are completely ignoring reality.
@_date: 2019-06-24 09:32:22
The transaction which closes the channel was already signed by the counterparty when they were online. The fee was determined at the time of signing. You cannot retroactively change the fee unless the counterparty comes back online.
@_date: 2019-08-23 12:10:01
The issue is more about *proof*. In PoW, you can *prove* undoubtedly, that electricity has been spent (converted to heat) to mine a block. The mathematics of SHA256 means that anybody can assert that brute force must have occurred - since it is not possible to invert the hash function and determine the preimage of a hash from the hash itself.
If it were possible to *prove*, for example, that electricity had been created, rather than spent, then this might lead to something superior to PoW, as it would mean the more difficult it became to mine blocks, the more abundant (and therefore cheaper) electricity would become.
But anybody can falsify how much electricity they've created. There doesn't exist a way in which you can generate electricity and notify people anonymously and remotely to the fact, and have them able to verify it with complete accuracy for themselves.
In fact, the only way to prove that electricity has been generated is to utilize that electricity. We're back to proof of work!
PoW is proof of electricity generation capability.
In other words. Bitcoin is electricity credits.
@_date: 2019-06-23 18:14:07
It is "in progress", meaning the channel is not yet confirmed on chain. Likely, you will see the channel after the transaction confirms.
I'm just making assumptions here because I've not used the app.
@_date: 2019-06-29 06:56:17
The correct attitude. If you are trying to play the market for short term gains, there's a 50% chance you'll get stung. You simply can't predict the short term fluctuations. The only thing you can predict is that Bitcoin is going to rise significantly over the long term.
When 1 BTC is $100,000, are you going to be that bothered that you bought at $12,000 (102,045,329 sats) and missed potentially buying at £10,000 (107,955,686 sats)? The market is never going to wait to suit your price point. If you sit on it and Bitcoin is $15,000 (127,556,661 sats) next week, you'll get fewer bitcoin for the same dollars, and regret it, and probably wait again.
Consider Bitcoin to be a 5 year investment (minimum). However, when those 5 years are up, you will be utterly convinced that it is not worth "cashing out" of them, and you'll *still* be looking to accumulate more, even though they'll be worth significantly more than they are now. This is because hyperbitcoinization is inevitable - and you have 5 years to learn and understand why that is.
Stack sats. Buy a Ledger or Trezor. Buy a Coldbit for backup of your BIP-39 seed. Use separate wallets for savings and liquid money. Run a Bitcoin full node (if you have the resources, if not use Wasabi Wallet). On Android use Samourai Wallet. Then start reading up on Austrian Economics. I suggest Saifedean's "The Bitcoin Standard" as a starting point.
Ignore "cryptocurrency" and "blockchain" completely. Bitcoin is the only coin that matters. Shitcoins are for people looking for quick gains (High frequency traders and scammers only).
@_date: 2019-06-05 07:54:48
The absolute maximum number of Bitcoins that could ever be created is 20999999.97690000
When the block reward is eventually 0.00000001 satoshi, the next halvening will make the block reward become 0.00000000, meaning no new coins will ever be created, because bitcoin uses 8 decimal places only.
The reason the halvening ends is because Bitcoin internally uses integers for the storing of satoshis, and the floored result of the division is used as the next reward. Once the number of satoshis is one, the next division by 2 be zero, and will remain zero indefinitely.
@_date: 2019-08-17 07:53:29
ATMs, HodlHold, Bisq, In-person exchange.
Let some other sucker deal with the KYC requirements and keep yourself using Bitcoin as if it were cash only.
@_date: 2019-10-27 15:12:28
Inequality isn't a problem.
The problems are elsewhere. Wealth inequality isn't a cause, but a symptom of other problems.
@_date: 2019-06-23 12:00:29
Channels can be private (meaning only you can send/receive over them), or public (meaning they're used as potential routes for other people's payments). You make the choice when opening the channel.
You can have all private channels if you wish, but the private channel must be to a node which has other public channels if you wish to make payments to a wider network. A private channel to somebody who has no public channels will only allow two parties to exchange amounts (which may still have its uses, if you consider it equivalent to a bar tab).
Nodes which have several public channels can route payments for others. The fees for routing along those channels can be set individually by each participant in the channel, and the channels can be temporarily disabled and re-enabled if a node goes offline.
You can receive funds over a private channel because your node specifies how this payment should be done when you issue an invoice to the payer. Since invoices are signed by your node, no other node may issue an invoice on your behalf, so this channel cannot be used as a route for a payment to somebody else.
It is possible to use only one channel, but if the node connected to you goes offline you will lose your ability to send and receive. For this reason, you should open multiple channels with distinct peers for fault tolerance. It is unlikely that all of your peers will go offline at the same time.
@_date: 2019-08-23 10:53:09
Let Etherium keep 'em.
Bitcoin is about money, not "dumb" contracts.
@_date: 2019-06-21 10:21:23
Satoshi Nakamoto was a prophet sent by god, which is why nobody knows who he is.
@_date: 2019-06-16 13:05:06
Bitcoin ATMs ( are probably the best way to introduce newbies to bitcoin. They already know how to use an ATM - the only difference here is they use their phone instead of a card, and they have to hold up the phone to a camera to scan the QR code.
The other key is to have them take responsibility for backing up their seed/private key. I'd suggest a [Coldbit passphrase]( as it's both cheap and reliable. Encourage them to store it in a safe place and make them aware that losing their phone may mean losing their bitcoin unless they store their bitcoin offline.
@_date: 2019-08-07 13:17:42
NBitcoin is the most actively developed and feature rich Bitcoin library for .NET.
@_date: 2019-06-23 16:22:00
My recommendation is shitcoins.club
They have Bitcoin ATMs in several major cities. No KYC/AML required. You can sell online at any time and collect the cash at a later time too. Rates are very good for ATMs, around 3% buy/sell. Other ATM vendors are around 9%.
Another option is to try and find somebody to exchange with in person using hodlhodl.com
@_date: 2019-06-29 10:32:46
The fee estimator is probably using the fees of the transactions in its mempool as the source of information for making the estimations. If more people pay a lower fee, the estimator will lower its estimation.
Just pay 1sat/byte if you're confident it will confirm in a reasonable time.
@_date: 2019-10-28 15:02:19
"Blockchain" has had a free ride from the beginning riding on Bitcoin's invention, whilst deviating from the purpose it was built.
There is Bitcoin and there are Shitcoins.
These shitcoins are like Gopher or Hypercard. Interesting technology in its day, but relics of the past. They simply cannot compete with the World Wide Web, under which most of the human population is connected. Bitcoin is the WWW of money. It is delusional to think your "blockchain" is going to supplant it in any way.
Any "blockchain" project which is not directly connected to Bitcoin is going to fail by design. There might be some people who can get rich by selling this vaporware to unsuspecting users, but they will ultimately amount to nothing.
@_date: 2019-06-23 10:25:40
There is a future proposal to put a minimum capacity limit on channels. Ideally, the bigger the channel the more efficient use of resources, but there is also the higher risk that comes with keeping hot wallets, so there is a tradeoff in how large one should make channels. Also, we ideally want fault tolerance, so it is better to open several smaller channels than one large channel.
I'm not involved with Lightning Labs, so I can't comment on what they intend to communicate through their app, but I believe they're aiming for the approach of "keep it simple and hide the complexity." Power users would be expected to use LND directly, where they have more control.
@_date: 2019-10-28 20:44:48
The halving is only in the amount of previously unusable Bitcoin which can be released on the pre-determined schedule.
When Bitcoin was created, Satoshi Nakamoto created a maximum of 21M bitcoins. He created an algorithm by which they are released gradually over approximately a 132 year period.
The release schedule was that up to half of the coins could be released in the first 4 years (approx). In the next 4 years, half of the remaining coins could be released, and the next 4 years after that, half of the remaining coins, etc, etc.
Nothing changes with the value of coins which are already released into circulation.
The "price" of Bitcoin is unrelated to Bitcoin and is a separate market phenomenon whereby individuals can determine whether they are willing to exchange some amount of dollars to gain possession of some amount of Bitcoins.
@_date: 2019-06-15 11:03:03


There are people who prefer banks over Bitcoin, but our aim really should be to cause the paradigm shift and have them realize the ills of trusted third-parties.
Software can be intuitive to use and can be ethical by design. Wasabi is a good example of that. There are many others. SaaS is really SaaSS, or "service as a software substitute". Anything that depends on the web is basically flawed by design because the web depends on trusted-third parties in the form of domain registrars and certificate authorities. Also, the default policy of web browsers is to allow leaking of information to third-parties.


Yeah, no single entity can be trusted. Using multiple safety deposit boxes and Shamir's Secret Sharing for redundancy is a viable option though.


The [Bitcoin Wiki]( is useful. Also have a look at the Lightning Network RFCs (specifically [BOLT for examples of transactions using time-locks which are in practical use already. More technical details can be found in the BIPs or the bitcoin source code itself.
There are also several bitcoin script simulators which can show you how the evaluation state changes instruction per instruction.
@_date: 2019-10-13 19:20:02
There may be some technical advancements implemented as soft-forks which give virtual block size increases, as the SegWit upgrade did.
But if you are expecting a BCash style hard-fork to upgrade the block size, you'll be waiting a very long time. It will never happen.
@_date: 2019-06-15 10:34:29
My suspicion is that the industry will move towards having HSMs/Cryptographic coprocessors for Bitcoin needs. The hardware that secures Bitcoin will be on separate modules which interact very loosely with the main processor on which most software is running. Think like, future computers will all come with the equivalent of a Ledger/Trezor out of the box.
The reason is simple: The track record for software security is *abysmal*, and few people are going to trust operating systems in their current form to have control over their financial assets.
IT Administrators have an equally bad record, and no company is going to seriously trust some sweaty bearded guys to keep all of their Bitcoin safe.
The way to prepare for the Bitcoin future is to study Bitcoin and understand it in fine detail. Don't waste your time on "cryptocurrency" and "blockchain" and all these other buzzwords used by people who missed out on buying Bitcoin early and wish to enrich themselves by trying to reinvent it.
Understanding Bitcoin in detail will put you ahead of 99% of the crowd.
@_date: 2019-10-01 17:32:05


There is no "the bitcoin community."
There are only "bitcoin individuals."


I'm not claiming it is. Drivechains, with enough adoption, are a better proposal than federations, where all of the involved entities are known, and can thus collude. With sufficient anonymous mining, collusion is not possible.
@_date: 2019-06-16 11:47:03
You don't need a hard fork to implement 300kb blocks: It can be done as a soft fork.
Increasing the block size requires a hard fork.
@_date: 2019-06-15 11:18:44
Learn how Bitcoin works at a technical level. You don't need to understand the specific details of say, ECDSA, but you will need a high level understanding of how digital signatures work. You can learn this without being a CS major, but picking up some programming skill along the way will certainly be a boon.
Depending on your method of learning, there are full courses for Bitcoin (I think Jimmy Song done one), Technical books (Mastering Bitcoin by AA), the bitcoin wiki articles, stackoverflow and the source code and documentation to learn from. You might also consider learning about the Lightning network as this has a lot of potential promise for the future.
After you understand Bitcoin in detail, you'll become an asset in nearly any field, because the entire world is going to be seeking out people who understand Bitcoin in order to apply it to their businesses. Law firms will want lawyers who understand Bitcoin. Accounting firms will want accountants who understand Bitcoin. Marketing, sales, retail, engineering, you name it: there will be jobs for people who know Bitcoin, and the demand will dwarf the supply of knowledgeable people.
@_date: 2019-06-05 08:31:31
It's true even without that check, just based on the default behavior of integers, which use floored division.
The bitcoin reward will be zero after 32 halvenings.
That code was added to fix a bug where ~21M new bitcoins would be created every quarter of a mibillenium, as described humorously in [BIP42](
@_date: 2019-10-13 22:30:05
By the time the renewed gold standard is in place, they won't have less than anybody.
They're buying up under the assumption that they will have the economic leverage to push for a new gold standard, which will of course, eventually move to a Yuan standard when they continue devaluing their own currency.
@_date: 2019-06-22 18:37:18
I see. Long time since I've used their service. On GDAX there was only a taker's fee of 0.25%, which would be reduced if monthly traded volume was sufficiently large.
@_date: 2019-06-05 10:20:26
It might be at some hypothetical future time, but it isn't now, so it's not worth worrying about.
I don't think it will ever be a problem because Bitcoin will be a reserve currency and payment methods will be built around it, for example, the Lightning Network can already do payments in millisatoshi amounts.
@_date: 2019-06-25 16:00:10
You realize you don't need to buy a full bitcoin right?
Bitcoin can divide to 8 decimal places, with the lowest denomination being a Satoshi.
What you're asking is whether you should purchase 100,000,000 satoshis.
If you can't afford to risk all your saving, buy 50 million satoshis instead.
@_date: 2019-06-23 17:31:29
A mining majority could attempt a soft-fork which would reject all transactions which do not follow some new restriction they decide to enforce. Since any other miner who allows the regular transactions will get orphaned, it would mean that only people using the miner's new restrictive rule could get included in a block. Everybody else would be denied service.
@_date: 2019-06-23 08:53:04
The *capacity* is the funding amount you have locked up on the blockchain in 2-of-2 multisig contracts, which is fixed for the lifetime of the channel.
The *can send* is the amount of money which can be spent by you in HTLCs on the open channels. The reason this is less than the capacity is that there exists a *dust limit*, which is the amount which must be reserved to pay for the closing transaction fee in the event that the channel is closed unilaterally. There is also a *reserve limit*, which is a minimum amount which each party of the channel must keep for the channel to remain open, which is greater or equal to the *dust limit*. 
The reason for the reserve is that if there is a channel where one party has zero money, they may not be honest and may try to broadcast an old state because they have nothing to lose by trying. If they have something to lose, they have the incentive to keep the channel open or close cooperatively and take their fair share.
If a channel is closed cooperatively, then the transaction fee ends up being much smaller than what has been reserved for the *dust limit*, meaning you'll get back everything in *can send*, plus most of the *reserve limit* on your side of the channel, which will be more than $3.21, but less than $5.06, because there is still some fee which must be paid.
*Can receive* is the oppose of *can send*. It is the amount that the counterparty of the channel can send to you which is above the *reserve limit* on their side of the channel. The other party will have some funds on their side of the channel (specifically enough to cover their *dust limit*). This is sent to them directly when the channel is opened by you. (Or if they open the channel, they send the required *dust limit* to you). They do not need to send above the *reserve limit* because there is no previous state which a dishonest party could attempt to broadcast when the channel is opened. Once the party accumulates enough on their side of the channel that they are above their *reserve limit*, they will not be able to spend past that reserve.
Conside the following diagrams representing a channel, where you are the left side of the channel and your counterparty is the right side. The ` symbol marks where the balance is split between the two parties.
Initially, ` is the dust limit of the counterparty.
    |-------------------------capacity-----------------------------------|
    |DUST|RESV|------------------------------------------------|RESV
              | can send                                            |   
If you send some amount equivalent to the counterparty's RESV, they ` will move, and the amount you can send will decrease by that amount, but the other party will still not be able to send anything, because they are at their reserve limit.
    |-------------------------capacity-----------------------------------|
    |DUST|RESV|------------------------------------------------
              | can send                                       |
If you continue and send the some larger amount, the ` will move to the left by that amount, which will deduct that amount from your *can_send*, and add it to your *can receive*
    |-------------------------capacity-----------------------------------|
    |DUST|RESV|---------------------------------
              | can send                        |  can receive |
The channel will remain open like this, with the *can send* + *can receive* amount being the *effective channel capacity* which is negotiable. Any amount you send will become an equal amount you can receive afterwards. Neither party will be able to spend past their reserve.
If the channel is closed (cooperatively), you receive the *can send* amount, plus your reserve, plus any of the dust limit which was not required for transaction fees. Your counterparty will receive the *can receive*, their reserve, plus any amount of the dust not required for the tx fee.
    |-------------------------capacity-----------------------------------|
    |DUST|RESV|---------------------------------
       | amount paid to me                      | amount paid to them |
    |--| &lt;- tx fee                                          tx fee -&gt; |--|
Technically, there is some more complexity to this story during normal channel operation due to the use of HTLCs. A HTLC is a conditional payment which will either complete, and transfer the funds to the recipient when completed, or will fail ahead of a timeout, and return the funds to the sender of the HTLC. (If not failed before the timeout, the channel must be closed unilaterally or funds may be lost).
It can take some time between sending a HTLC and it being completed, and during this time, the HTLC is said to be "in flight". During this time, the amount in flight in the HTLC can neither be sent nor received, because it could belong to either party depending on the result of the HTLC completing. The effective channel capacity is reduced until the HTLC completes.
    |-------------------------capacity-----------------------------------|
    |DUST|RESV|------------------------
              | can send               |        |  can receive |
                                       |--------| &lt;- amount in flight
@_date: 2019-06-24 16:22:08
The force "close transaction" you are referring to is the transaction which *spends* the commitment transaction (or any HTLC transactions). You are correct that you can decide the fees of this.
I was referring to the commitment transaction (or HTLCs) themselves. The fees for those have already been decided.
@_date: 2019-06-23 17:11:29
51% can cause *complete* denial of service for as long as they carry out the attack, effectively holding the blockchain under ransom and demanding that people modify their clients to accommodate their preferred rules.
@_date: 2019-06-23 17:44:37
"Kicked the hornet's nest" is a common saying in Britain and definitely predates that book.
EDIT: Apparently common in US English too. Seems its usage dates back to at least 1819 in the US.
@_date: 2019-06-23 17:53:18
No. A 51% majority will always produce the longest chain. They simply ignore any blocks mined by the 49% and continue to mine from their own blocks. The 49% has no chance of catching up. Since they cannot profit from blocks which don't get accepted into the longest chain, they are incentivized to follow the majority too.
@_date: 2019-06-17 07:55:17
A soft fork implies that the mining majority follow the fork, thus, orphaning any blocks which do not enforce the 300kb limit. All of the miners would need to enforce the limit, else they would not earn any bitcoin. The previous set of rules would have nobody mining it, and thus, would not cause a split.
@_date: 2019-06-23 18:20:44
Maybe it is an incomplete attempt to setup a channel. Opening a channel requires 2 round-trips. `open_channel`/`accept_channel` then `funding_created`/`funding_signed`. If somebody has send you an `open_channel` with a `push_amount` of 10 sats, but then not sent the related `funding_created`, then it would display in a pending status and would not be able to display the channel.
Again, I'm speculating.
@_date: 2019-10-28 19:54:28
It won't. All business conducted through DCEP will be subject to *absolute* surveillance. Anything which seems out of place will result in a lowering of a person's social credit score. Most citizens will not touch Bitcoin unless they can acquire it *outside* of DCEP or WePay, for example, with cash. This will only last for as long as the use of RMB doesn't also result in lower social credit. Citizens will be encouraged to adopt DCEP to improve their social credit scores.
@_date: 2019-06-29 07:36:25
Have fun reading [How an Economy Grows](
@_date: 2019-06-23 17:28:29
The "Weak emphasis could indicate European" suggests it is more likely that Satoshi was not a native English speaker. Formal writing in a foreign language is a difficult task. Informal communication would suggest that the language was primarily learned through interaction with peers of the group indicated rather than formal texts, suggesting he resided in an English speaking country.
I recall reading some of Satoshi's writing where he used British slang which is used by men but seldom by women. Can't remember specifically what it was.
@_date: 2019-06-04 09:24:12
He done half the math. He missed the part where miners pay their electricity bills in dollars, so in addition to the total fees collected from a block, miners are also going to be very interested in the exchange rate to dollars on the market - and this is beyond the control of anybody. If "the flippening" happens, then the 11BTC might be worth less than the .32BCH, or whatnot, in dollar terms (electricity bill terms). 
Of course, this is extremely unlikely as BCH is trash, but demonstrates a point that it is a waste of time to speculate on the future profitability of miners because it depends on the market, and the market doesn't cater to the miners. It is a common mistake to try and reverse this cause and effect relationship and confuse oneself in thinking that the price of bitcoin will magically adjust itself to generate profit for miners. Of course that isn't the case. Miners respond the the market, period!.
How profitable mining will be and how secure the network will be in future is guesswork, no point in worrying about it. It may be the case that mining is fundamentally unprofitable at some point in the future. So be it. You will have people creating spin-offs in the same vain as BCH which offer "inflation" as the solution to mining profitability, but they will follow the same fate as BCH and end up in the trash. The thing they will have in common is that they're led by backward thinkers who think they control markets, and utterly refuse to accept reality, which is that markets control them.
The real concern for smaller blocks is about ability to run the validating software on low spec machines and over low bandwidth communication mediums. Etherium proves the point that high resource requirements lead to centralization because regular users cannot sync the chain and rely on a very small number of entities for information about the current state of the ledger.
The fee market is just a consequence of having limits on resource requirements. There is a high demand for the decentralized security that bitcoin offers - and many companies are building on top of it in ways which add to so called "transaction spam". There is (or will eventually be) an almost infinite demand for the security offered by bitcoin, so no amount of increasing the block size is ever going to satisfy the needs of all users, because demand will always grow to fill the available space, and when you hit the newer limits, you're back to square one again.
In order to prioritize which of this potentially infinite number of transactions are going to fit into a block, miners make the obvious choice to try and maximize their profitability by including the highest paying ones first.
The fee market wasn't designed. It happened. It is the market playing out, as usual, beyond anybody's control. The market overwhelmingly chose to keep limits on the block size because it perceives the necessity of keeping a high degree of decentralization of validation above all else - including mining profitability. If the market had decided that mining profitability was more important than decentralization, you would be using a shitcoin right now.
@_date: 2019-06-22 21:57:26
Coinbase has been a bad actor for quite some time now. This could be seen most clearly with Armstrong using the soft power of Coinbase to try and push a contentious hardfork which did not have widespread support.
Anyone who cares about Bitcoin should've stopped using Coinbase in 2017.
Oh, and they also scammed a bunch of people who fell for the BCash scam with their insider trading.
@_date: 2019-08-01 15:57:26
Inflation is a *dishonest* tax. It is one that the elected do not express that they intend to implement as part of the policy platform on which they stand to be elected. If they were honest, that they were going to tax savers by 2% of their savings per year, they probably wouldn't get elected. People want their taxes cut, not increased.
It goes a little beyond that. The actual elected officials *are unable* to change the inflation, because it is controlled by a separate, unelected entity - the central bank. It violates the principle of "no taxation without representation."
The trouble with the money printing is it disproportionately *benefits* those who print the money, and the first receivers of it (ie, the government) *at the cost* of the later recipients of the new money, who have reduced purchasing power.
Honestly, I'm not a fan of most tax. I do believe in the necessity of some government, but it should have a very small and limited function, and the rest should be left to free markets and charitable efforts. Every government is horrendously bad at utilizing the resources they have and they piss away much of it, even setting aside corruption, which extracts a huge chunk of taxpayers money before it reaches any services.
The real problem is that the people in government making decisions are *not making decisions about their own money*. It's easy to make arbitrary decisions about how to spend someone else's money. Particularly when you have no requirement to be profitable because there is always a fresh supply of money. This is completely contrary to capitalist enterprise, where people *risk* their own money, and if they do not generate a profit, they *lose* their own money. They have every motive to run their businesses properly, to please their customers, and turn over a profit. A government *can never* possibly achieve the same result: the incentives are not present to make it happen.
The public servants in government are not gods, and there is no way that they can forecast the needs of the taxpayers better than a market could. The market can respond to needs of customers, and weed out the useless. Governments are terrible at this - they decide on things arbitrarily without any way of measuring whether their programmes are actually successful (usually because there is no competition to compare it to), and as a result, they don't know how their programmes need improving in order to stay ahead of the market. There is no market. Government programmes are usually outdated because innovation stagnates. More often than not, red tape prevents a free market enterprise from entering the market with a better solution.
@_date: 2019-06-23 09:04:33
Those disclaimers will be on every lightning implementation for some time to come, because it is experimental technology and under heavy development. None of them are suggesting that they're production ready and the expectation is that only people willing to take the risk to evaluate the technology will be using them.
If you are not comfortable with that, Lightning is not ready for you yet - it doesn't matter who you get the software from.
@_date: 2019-06-29 12:42:54
ChainLink was heavily shilled on 4chan /biz/ and many anons fell for it, were left holding bags.
Somebody has somehow managed to get Coinbase to list this so that they can offload their heavy bags onto impressionable noobs who think they're out to win something.
Remember Coinbase listing Litecoin when Charlie Lee worked for them? He left coinbase and a few months later dumped all of his litecoin at ATH. Litecoin now is worth less than half what it was then.
Chainlink will be a repeat. Pump and dump, with losers holding heavy bags that may never achieve the rate at which they bought them. Even if they eventually make it that high, it will mean funds locked up in a slow mover and a missed opportunity cost where they could be appreciating massively in Bitcoin.
Don't lock up your funds in shitcoins! Take anything that /biz/ promotes as the very opposite of what you should do. They're the biggest losers on the internets.
@_date: 2019-06-23 18:05:01
I suspect somebody has opened a channel to you and pushed 10sat in your direction? In progress means the funding tx has not confirmed yet on chain.
@_date: 2019-06-22 21:45:24


No. Shitcoins simply misunderstand what Bitcoin is about and undermine the primary purpose of Bitcoin's invention by adding to inflation. Most of it is get-rich-quick schemes. Some of it is less intentionally bad but just created by naive idiots who think that cryptocurrency is going to bring about a socialist utopia.
You can't simply replace Bitcoin because one of Bitcoin's primary innovations was the permanent fix for inflation. This innovation is impossible to repeat. The Bitcoin currency already is the inflation fix, and any attempt to reinvent it only adds to inflation. Completely Dumb!
The only thing that could displace Bitcoin is something *even better* than PoW as an approximation of a perfect random oracle. If we had a perfect random oracle we wouldn't need proof-of-work, but of course we don't have, and thus, PoW is the best thing we have.
The idea that PoS is going to replace PoW is pure idiocy. PoS existed before Bitcoin and does not address the main problems that Bitcoin fixed. It is objectively inferior to PoW. The opponents of PoW are again, socialist idiots who believe the apocalyptic headlines that the world is going to end in a few decades if we don't shut down the global economy and all starve.


Gold's usefulness as a metal is pretty limited, and if it were only used for that purpose it would be worth significantly less than it is. The high value of gold is *due to its usefulness as a currency*, and not the other way around. Gold's will lose much of its value in the long term because its motivating use case has been superseded by a superior Bitcoin. In the short term, it is likely to rise along with Bitcoin, but this will not be due to Gold being more precious - but fiat currencies being less valuable.
Bitcoin has *inherent value*. It's the value that somebody is willing to trade in other goods and services for the respective amount of bitcoin. The same is true for every other currency, and every other commodity. There is nothing more special about "gold" or "the USD". They don't have any more *inherent value*. All value is subjective. All that matters is that a buyer and a seller agree on an exchange rate for some commodities. The commodities that become currencies are the ones which are the most saleable - meaning, the one which the receiver expects to be most useful for exchanging for some other goods and services further down the road.
As confidence will continue to drop in fiat currencies, driven primarily by central banks eager to keep the printers spinning, people will not expect fiat currencies to retain their value, and will look for something else. Gold is one option, if one wants a store of value which is expected to remain stable. On the other hand, Bitcoin has proven itself to appreciate massively over quite short periods (single digit years). It's quite clear which is the winner for saving.
Bitcoin has many useful properties that Gold doesn't have. It is very easy to verify, it can be sent digitally, and it is cheap to store, and cheap to subdivide. Gold will never have all these properties.


To speculate on Bitcoin is not "optimism about what it can offer society", but is about the above: Whether or not it will be saleable in the future.
Since Bitcoin offers the best store-of-value of any liquid asset, it will be the number one choice for savers. They will notice their purchasing power increase over time as more and more savers become wise to Bitcoin, and a wider group of users learn to decrease their time preference in order to benefit from the appreciating asset.
There is nothing about "what this offers society" here. It is only "what it offers the individual". It offers individuals a way to store value over long terms because it is highly saleable. The individual will therefore, act in their own self interest and save with Bitcoin. They will not act against their own self-interest "for the sake of society."
So Bitcoin actually becomes easy to evaluate. It is an assessment about something fundamental to human nature: People act in their own interest. As long as people act in their own interest, Bitcoin will continue to rise because for any saver, trading bitcoin for a fiat currency is deliberately acting against their own interest - for they know that the fiat will result in a decreased purchasing power over time. It would be pure idiocy to sell off Bitcoin unless it is to trade for something you immediately need. Every other commodity is *less saleable*.
Bitcoin isn't designed to be an "investment vehicle." But if you are confident that humans will not change their nature very easily, then you can consider it a wise investment strategy to stack sats.
And despite what the socialist lunatics will complain, acting in your own selfish interest is a virtue. Virtue signalling about "the interest of society" is a vice.
@_date: 2019-06-23 11:13:02
*can receive* is exactly the *can spend* on the other side, except in the case where the current balance is below the reserve as explained above. When both channels have at least their reserve, the *can send* is the other party's *can receive*.
In terms of merchants, you can have the situation palmino has explained, where customers open channels to you. There is also the possibility of using liquidity providers to open channels to you and sending them the equivalent amount of money on-chain, or via a different lightning channel (perhaps if you have multiple nodes). There is also the possibility to route a payment to yourself in a loop on Lightning, to shift balances on specific channels without changing the amount you own.
Remember though, that merchants also have costs and businesses which only have accounts receivable and no accounts payable are virtually nonexistant. If the merchants are also purchasing goods over lightning, then that act will rebalance channels to allow them to receive the equivalent amount in future. As the software matures, better tools will be available for them to manage their channels for the inbound and outbound capacities they need for their business.
Another thing Lightning has is the *push amount* when opening a channel. Above I only described the required case where you push the *dust limit* to the other party to cover fees. Technically, you can push any amount to another party when opening the channel up to your own reserve limit. This will be useful for things like handing out credit over lightning. You will provide credit directly with new channels, which must be spent back to yourself. You could charge high fees on these channels in order to profit from the provision of credit.
Also in future will be dual funded channels, which can provide a combination of these. A merchant can provide half the channel capacity to match some amount a customer opens with them. Then liquidity will be available in both directions without the handing out of credit.
@_date: 2019-06-16 13:01:07
Probably spent 249 bitcoin to buy the Tesla.
@_date: 2019-06-23 08:14:55
Anyone who values their privacy shouldn't be using an exchange requiring KYC/AML anyway. They should acquire BTC from an ATM or trade directly with somebody, using a service like hodlhold. No ID required.
If you're trading it is a different story, but then Coinbase has shown that they are not trustworthy for facilitating trade, because they're involved in insider trading, and they have disabled some of their markets when the market has fell out of their favour multiple times.
@_date: 2019-06-23 15:41:02
No. You need a hot wallet to send or receive on lightning because each new state update requires signing a new transaction.
It may be possible to have a HSM (hardware signing module) which performs the signing in future, but there are some difficulties in actually implementing this so I wouldn't expect anything soon.
@_date: 2019-12-27 15:48:39
Right you are. Surely Yang's $1000/mo will help us pay off the debt though?
@_date: 2019-06-23 16:38:03


Who writes this stuff? Entangled particles do not "communicate with each other". Specifically, there is the no-communication theorem which states that communication is not possible. Entanglement merely means that measurement of one of the entangled particle will correspond to a predictable measurement of its entangled partner. Nothing is "sent" from one particle to another.
It can be used for perfectly encrypted communication if coupled with an actual communication mechanism, but that certainly isn't going to happen across the breadth of the universe.
@_date: 2019-06-23 16:48:18
Do you have a pension?
Why would you invest 1% or whatever of your salary into something that might not even exist by the time you retire?
Bitcoin is a far less risky investment. If I were you I'd opt out of paying any more into your pension and put that 1% into Bitcoin instead.
It will be worth far more when you retire.
@_date: 2019-12-21 13:47:53
Think of it as a saving.
If you buy to hodl, eventually, you're going to pay something like 20% tax on your gains because you were silly enough to use KYC, and your exchange automatically reports you to the tax man.
If you buy from an ATM with cash, and later sell to an ATM for cash - nobody is any the wiser and you'd be pretty dumb to volunteer to be taxed on it.
@_date: 2019-12-21 13:51:21
The material is MDF. Looks like the writing was burned (or lasered) on.
@_date: 2019-12-30 22:56:31
Sell 100oz of silver and buy a cheap old banger which will last you for 12-24 months.
Save up enough money over the next 12-24 months to get a new car whilst also stacking sats every month.
Thank me next year.
@_date: 2019-06-12 09:20:49
"TCP is centralized"
Anybody who understands even a small amount about computers connected to the internet can see the complete absurdity of this statement, but this is the kind of person we are dealing with. Their audience is people who would hear the above and believe it to be true. How many of those do you think are using Bitcoin?
*The Lightning Network*, like TCP, is just a set of protocols. They specify how people can exchange money, in the form of BTC, by creating temporary sessions which are time-locked bitcoin transactions. By advertising that they have established a temporary session, they can empower other users to reach a wider network by utilizing those sessions for their own flow of monetary exchange and paying for the privilege.
LN offers completely unadulterated capitalism. The ability for any parties to exchange value, and for anybody to assist in facilitating that exchange of value with the possibility of profiting from doing so. There is almost zero cost to entry into the market for facilitating payments, and it is regulation free, making it resilient to the crony corporatism (socialism masquerading as capitalism) which otherwise leads to centralized monopolies, for which capitalism falsely receives a bad name.
These socialists are going to soon find out that capitalism is not a zero sum game. Everyone stands to benefit, and everyone can profit. Some will profit more than others, and that's a good thing!
@_date: 2019-06-13 15:57:59
A HSM for Lightning really needs a copy of the up-to-date blockchain, including non-confirmed transactions, so completely disconnecting it from the internet is not really feasible. 
Since the machine hosting the LN software could be compromised, it also means that the source of information regarding bitcoin transactions should come from a *different* source than the machine running the lightning node, else the compromised machine could just feed incorrect information about the bitcoin chain to the HSM.
This isn't a simple problem to solve, and may not be practical any time soon.
@_date: 2019-06-27 08:24:46
The best way to buy bitcoin is to trade it for cash directly with another person, or via an ATM or shop which will trade for cash. (Check out coinatmradar.com, hodlhodl.com, bisq, and azte.co)
Using KYC/AML services means that you will have zero transactional privacy, unless you pay for several CoinJoin rounds to hide your transaction activity.
If you really MUST use an exchange, use Kraken. The people at Kraken are bitcoiners themselves and are not merely here for the money and power.
Coinbase have demonstrated several times that they don't give a shit about Bitcoin except where they're making money from it. They are also actively engaged in spying on users via chain analysis. Stay away from them.
@_date: 2019-12-10 00:32:22
There isn't much to worry about.
The banks are already in on "crypto" because they've all took the kool aid. Every bank is already developing their own permissioned blockchains to ride the hype.
Ultimately, no bank is going to trust the blockchain or token of another bank, because they know from their own project that "blockchain" is a scam designed to enrich its developer. As a result, the banks are going to have to settle on an asset which is beyond any of them to control, and when they weigh up their options they'll conclude that Bitcoin is the most suitable.
Banks will use Bitcoin between themselves, but they will offer their clients an alternative "blockchain" solution. They will realize soon afterwards that it isn't particularly easy to get adoption, even if they pay for it and invest massively in marketing. They'll be competing for adoption with every other banks, and none of them will be able to gain a critical mass.
Meanwhile, payments over the Lightning network will become commonplace. The banks will have no choice but to concede defeat and instead offer custodial lightning network accounts to their clients, but will likely still use "blockchain" as a marketing term to refer to their in-house databases which interoperate with LN.
Banks aren't going to disappear. They'll change form. They'll have the same problem that newspapers and record labels have faced with the internet. If they can't adapt to the technology quick enough they'll be crushed. Their "intranets of money" aren't going to work.
Most users of LN will be using custodial wallets. It's not ideal, but there isn't much we can really do about that. Most users will not care about "no keys no coins", nor take the time to learn how the technology works and run their own node. They'll get a Lightning Network app from their bank, who has custody over their "bitcoin", which they can use to trade. The only time they'll be concerned is if the bank's liabilities greatly exceed its assets, causing a bank run.
Bitcoin is going to force the banks to become more honest and more risk-averse. The banks aren't going to be able to print infinite money anymore, and they're not going to hand out bad loans with the expectation that a lender of last resort will bail them out. They're going to face a lot of new competition, and they're not necessarily going to be able to run to the State and demand regulatory capture to block their competition.
@_date: 2019-10-28 21:30:13
Those are included with all the other "shitcoins," which are inflationary **by design**.
Only Bitcoin was designed to fix inflation.
It isn't possible to do this again. **The fix already exists**. Attempting to recreate the fix undermines the fix.
@_date: 2019-12-17 21:25:57
He did program a bug where the mining process would start anew every 256 years due to a 64-bit integer overflow.
@_date: 2019-06-16 01:17:31
That's Shamir's Secret Sharing. You can do that already. The point is that you don't need to because Bitcoin already supports M-of-N transaction signing.
@_date: 2019-06-16 10:01:48
Consider using an ATM before you give up all your identity documents.
@_date: 2019-06-22 17:57:37
The fee is a taker's fee. The maker does not pay.
Usually, with a market order, you are the taker just taking the next bid/ask from the books.
With a limit order, you specify a limit, usually above or below the market rate, depending on whether you are selling or buying, which usually makes you the maker.
If you happen to specify a limit which is equal to an order already on the books (ie, at market rate), then you'll be the taker, and you end up paying the fee.
@_date: 2019-06-27 09:19:27
He simply says 


In romaji (I can't type japanese on this device)


(His Japanese isn't great, but understandable)
@_date: 2019-12-31 01:18:13
This is the kind of thing where you send it to a brain wallet via a series of CoinJoins, plead ignorance and perhaps serve a few years in Jail.
By the time you're let free, you're a trillionaire. Should be simple enough to launder.
@_date: 2019-06-23 18:29:55
My biggest mistake was trading Bitcoin.
Should've just HODL'd.
From the perspective of fiat money, I've "profited" from Bitcoin a fair amount. It certainly improved my lifestyle.
But now I have fewer Bitcoin than I had in 2011. So if you look at it from the perspective of Bitcoin as the base currency, I have clearly lost money over time. I've spent it on things I didn't really need. I should've been stacking sats instead.
@_date: 2019-06-23 11:24:04
Afaik, coinbase (or gdax at least) do not charge for withdrawals. They profit from trades, and they batch withdrawals to reduce their cost.
You don't have to pay a tax on the withdrawal, but only on trades to other assets. Coinbase will keep logs of all your trading activity and will hand it over to any tax authorities that request it though, so you may need to explain to the tax man what you have done with the money since withdrawal.
@_date: 2019-12-21 13:29:11
Unless you manually keep track of mixed coins, then you're going to undo all of the effort going into coinjoining them. Wasabi classifies your coins based on the privacy set they've achieved through joining and allows you to select which privacy set you want to use when making a payment. CoinJoin is not something you just do and forget. You need to manage those outputs properly in order to retain the privacy gains.
Electrum will completely destroy your privacy unless you're running the personal server.
@_date: 2019-12-26 15:05:53
The American people aren't overall stupid enough to have their votes bought with their own taxes.
@_date: 2019-12-29 16:02:05
Privacy doesn't necessarily imply anonymity.
If using an online exchange, you give your identity to the exchange, and then you contact your bank and tell it to pay the exchange. Now 2 people know you're transacting and how much. (And both of these are reporting it to the State).
The ATMs don't ask for ID, but you should probably assume they're performing facial recognition or some shit when you use it. Balaclava suggested if you truly need anonymity.
@_date: 2019-06-23 19:24:15
Not necessarily impossible because the trezor is still just a general purpose computer (an STM32 microprocessor I believe) running some very specific firmware, which is just software. Any software could have bugs. The attack surface of the trezor is small because only a very limited amount of its code interacts with machine communicating with the trezor. Still, if say, an exploit was found in the USB interfacing code of the trezor itself, it may be possible to exploit externally to run arbitrary code on the device. Nobody has found any such exploit to date though.
@_date: 2019-06-27 08:27:14
No it isn't.
@_date: 2019-12-26 15:06:41
Yang doesn't need the media for him not to win.
He will manage that himself.
@_date: 2019-12-16 21:22:55
The ones which want shitcoins will soon stop wanting shitcoins when they realize that they're incapable of holding value because they're infinitely printable like fiat monies.
Merchants will want bitcoin because it will retain value (in fact, more likely appreciate), so they will encourage payment in bitcoin over fiats by offering discounts to those who pay with Bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-06-24 06:14:40
It is, without mixing services.
After a few CoinJoin rounds, not so much.
@_date: 2019-06-23 15:57:59
You don't need any public channels if you do not intend to route payments. A single public channel is pointless because it can't really be used for routing. You either want 2+ public channels, or none. (There's some exception, such as if you want to be able to receive spontaneous payments, you need a public channel, but this feature is experimental and the way it is implemented will probably change.)
Channels are tied to a specific pair of nodes. There is no way to separate or relocate a channel to another node.
Currently, all channels are 2-party channels. It is possible to have multi-party channels, but there are some other tradeoffs involved in that - they require all parties to cooperate, so one party going offline can prevent use of the channel for all participants. It's possible that you could have a 2-of-3 multisig style channel where only two members need to be online, but this wouldn't be practical for untrusted parties to use, as any two members could collude to steal money from the 3rd member.
Channel Factories offer an interesting solution. They begin as a multi-party channel in which all of the members can trustlessly cooperate to reallocate any balances without any additional on-chain contracts. If one party stops cooperating, the multi-party channel gets closed but gets spent into a predetermined set of channels which then behave like regular lightning channels. No risk of funds, but potentially significant savings on the cost of on-chain transactions.
@_date: 2019-06-05 08:48:05
Probably not without a hard fork, or signficiant engineering effort.
The 8 decimal place bitcoin is mostly for presentation. Internally, the software and protocol deal with satoshis and treat them as a 64-bit integer. It would not be a simple job to just add more decimal places.
@_date: 2019-12-16 17:24:16
Sounds like a recipe for exploitation.
We need a major rethink on application security before anybody starts allowing 3rd party code to share the same address space, environment, or even the same CPU as a money-handling wallet.
The existing LN software is written in the correct way - as a black box which provides a well-specified interface for other applications to interact with it. Imagine the LN software running on its own dedicated processor and the only way you can interact with this processor is via the JSON-RPC interface (or similar) over an external bus. Now, how should you build applications (or "extensions") under this assumption?
@_date: 2019-12-21 15:43:34


Other locations can be found on Shitcoins.club
@_date: 2019-12-29 16:02:56
@_date: 2019-12-21 15:50:53
You can exchange your bitcoin for cash online at any time too, then go collect the cash when it is convenient for you.
@_date: 2019-12-29 22:44:50
You're not  "normal guy" you're an idiot.
Privacy is not for criminals. It is criminals who don't want you to have privacy.
@_date: 2019-12-29 15:57:22
You don't need to give your ID to an ATM. It is a transaction between you and the ATM vendor (shitcoins.club), using cash.
It's also faster than using the internet because there are no banks involved.
@_date: 2019-12-27 12:12:02
The idea of "use many oracles" comes up often. I think there were some shitcoins which even had this as their core selling point (chainlink?). Having multiple oracles does not really solve the problem because Sybil attacks are still possible. Unless you know who controls at least one of such devices and you can trust these persons, then you must assume that all of them are Sybil and they're colluding to rip you off.
Such networks rely on reputation, and can be built with Bitcoin anyway, but a reputation system simply cannot compete with bitcoin, which is trustless by nature.
When you come to the realization that trusted Oracles *are the problem*, and bitcoin *is the solution*, you'll realize that everything non-bitcoin is a shitcoin. Bitcoin essentially achieves an almost perfect random oracle through it's proof-of-work. Each block hash is a random value which cannot be guessed, predicted or reversed (assuming you wait N confirmations). No other PoW can compete with bitcoin's, and thus, Bitcoin is the closest thing we have to the trustless oracle. Any attempt to put in some real-world data *weakens* this oracle.
@_date: 2019-06-23 17:41:24
An exchange which deliberately tricks its users in such way is known as a "former exchange" the next day.
Rule number 1 of business is that the customer is god. No customers, no business.
@_date: 2019-12-30 23:21:16
I didn't mean "new car" as in "fresh from factory", but new one to replace the banger. Of course will probably be second hand.
Also, you don't just scrap the banger. You buy it with the expectation to get that much life out of before it need trashing, and then use it until it is uneconomical to continue using (cost more to maintain than to scrap) before replacing it.
@_date: 2019-12-21 23:22:49
My opinion: Don't waste your money!
Everything you can learn about Bitcoin can be learned from the open web for no cost. Perhaps you could take an online course if that is more your learning style - which will cost you less than 1/10th of the amount of a university course.
University is a big waste of money. You're going to pay people to drill Marxist nonsense into your impressionable head, when you could spend it learning about how the real world works from mises.org. More than likely, the professors you encounter at university are going to be 10 years behind the current technology curve anyway.
Also, for reference, "Blockchain technology" is a marketing term which has little bearing on the real world. The thing worth learning is Bitcoin, or technologies linked to bitcoin which don't issue their own security tokens. Plenty of people paying big money to study "blockchain technology" are going to be extremely disappointed when they graduate with a nonsense degree and realize that they *still* don't understand Bitcoin. (In fact, they are far less likely to understand it than before the entered the institution.)
@_date: 2019-12-28 17:53:50
No. Proof-of-Stake doesn't work and will never replace Proof-of-Work.
@_date: 2019-12-19 17:16:23
Chips are 100% efficient at converting electricity to heat.
If you are going to heat your home anyway (with an electric heater), may as well earn money doing it. It could just pay the electricity bill in which case your heating is no cost. If lucky you might also profit
@_date: 2019-12-27 14:00:07
"Tax cuts" don't *add* to deficit. The deficit was already there by the mere necessity to have the overspending be covered by tax.
The problem isn't the cuts, it's the overspending by government. (And the inflation by the central bank, which is somewhat outside the control of government).
The solution isn't to tax people more, but to shrink government so that it costs less to run. People who work for the government contribute zero in taxes - so pushing them into the private sector is a good way to start increasing the tax revenue.
Also, cancel the fed and end inflation.
@_date: 2019-12-30 23:28:21
Has anyone started a "sats for scraps" business yet?
@_date: 2019-12-27 11:51:24
The problem is that those "solutions" can never be verified remotely. You can only verify them with physical access to the device. In regards to any patented technology, you are placing implicit trust in the manufacturer too. 
I would question the feasibility of all of these "black boxes" in consumer electronics. You would effectively need a Faraday cage, and such cage which blocks all frequencies is a purely theoretical construct. Electronics leak all kinds of frequencies, including acoustics. 
There are multiple papers where researchers have demonstrated exfiltrating data using only a microphone because the processors give off slightly different acoustic sounds depending on the operation being performed and the data in its registers or memory. Imagine what cost is going to be added onto chips to shield them, and also ensure that such shield cannot be breached without detection. Yeah, it's never going to make it to market.
Perhaps there will be some niche use cases for them, such as in federated sidechains (like Liquid). They are not going to be much use in open, permissionless systems like Bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-12-23 13:25:22
Mobile operating systems tend to have better isolation between running applications, which means that the regular user is less likely to download some malware which will be able to exfiltrate keys from another application on the device.
On a desktop, people commonly download unsigned binaries from anywhere and run them will the full permissions the user has to adminstrate the machine, meaning anything stored on the machine is up for exploitation.
Neither kind of OS is "secure" enough to store your money on. Some recent hardware exploits can effectively bypass any security that the operating system attempts to enforce, because they allow complete access to memory, even the "privileged" parts.
A hardware wallet is more secure because it does not allow general purpose code to be run on it by design. (Although the chips in most hardware wallets are general purpose processors). The hardware wallet can only be accessed by a limited set of functions which are programmed into its firmware.
This doesn't mean that a hardware wallet is inherently secure though. It is very possible that bugs can exist in the firmware on it, which may be exploited by specially crafted data sent to them. So far no such exploits have been found, which is good, but you cannot rule out the possibility that they may be found at some future time.
The best kind of wallet is a cold block of metal, such as the coldbit steel, where you etch your 24-word seed into it and it is safe against natural disaster, and there is no possible way that your key could be exfiltrated remotely without physical access to it.
But at some point, you probably want to load that seed into a machine to spend your money. If you don't have the skill to set up an offline, isolated device to do this, you're best using an off-the-shelf hardware wallet. (That is, you're more likely to make a mistake than the hardware wallet is likely to be exploited.)
@_date: 2019-12-27 15:45:21
How does government pay off student debt without adding to deficit?
A student's debt is his/her debt. If the government pays it, it becomes the taxpayer's debt.
Rather than paying off student debt, the government needs to stop lending money to children so that they can enter Marxism academies and come out work-shy Democrat voters who want socialism for all, but don't wan't to pay their own way.
@_date: 2019-12-17 11:13:37
Miniscript is a language which is compiled down to regular bitcoin script. You don't send the miniscript to a bitcoin client unless it has explicit support for compiling miniscript itself.
You can create a miniscript transaction in the browser, or using one of the miniscript codebases, then copy paste the compiled bitcoin script into a client.
@_date: 2019-12-23 12:43:11


Your econ 101 is wrong on economics because of its Statist bias. It depends on the State for its funding - wouldn't want to disrupt anything.
Can you cite any work which refutes the claims made by Hayek in The Fatal Conceit?
@_date: 2019-12-30 15:48:24
r/bitcoinatms is a thing
@_date: 2019-12-21 13:36:02
@_date: 2019-12-16 18:31:28
But we know from experience that regular users are usually never aware of the risks. They don't understand the technology. They'll use it despite all of the risks and warnings if it provides them a little bit of convenience.
If they make a mistake and they lose money, they'll blame the software, not themselves. This will never gain mass adoption if the opinion of common folk is "don't use that, I lost money with it." To gain adoption, you need positive reviews and you need these people to recommend the software to their friends, who likely have *even less* technical ability than they do.
This will only end with the vast majority of users never touching this "free and open" software, and instead they will use proprietary, walled-garden alternatives where at least their money is perceived as safe, even if they can't run arbitrary extensions on such platform.
On a side note, some LN implementations such as `rust-lightning` are being written as libraries rather than black-box binaries. The intention is that if you have a specific use case, you'll be able to develop your own application using Rust, and have all of the hard work of the BOLTs done for you. Your app will contain its own isolated wallet and you will fund it with just the amount needed to perform the utility which your wallet is designed for. This is much more suitable than a single platform where a dozen pieces of third-party code can potentially interact with others.
@_date: 2019-12-29 15:50:04
Not necessarily between the buyer and seller.
The buyer just needs to find a route to the seller through the public Lightning Network, which has sufficient capacity to make the payment.
Of course, both the buyer and seller will each need *at least one* existing open channel with the required liquidity in order to make such rapid payments.
@_date: 2019-12-22 17:10:20
Always the fucking roads. Have you ever actually stopped to think what you are saying?
The soviets used to ask "who would build the cars?"
@_date: 2019-12-12 21:36:55
BtcPayServer and NBXplorer
@_date: 2019-12-30 23:18:53
Good call. If you expect crypto to rise - pick the credit option which allows you to pay it back over the longest period. (5 years maybe?). Average time for doubling money in Bitcoin has been 4 years.
@_date: 2019-12-27 13:52:58
The form of payment channels used in LN work by including a *revocation key* to allow claiming of *all of the funds* in the channel if one party attempts to broadcast a channel state which has been previously revoked. Each time the state of balances is changed in a channel, both parties sign a new transaction of the updated balances along with a new revocation key, and they send the other party a copy of the previous state's revocation key.
Unless one party attempts to broadcast an old state, this revocation key cannot be used because you still need a signature from the other party.
The most recent channel state is the one which you don't have a revocation key for yet, since you only receive it when the state of the channel changes. This means if either party broadcasts the current channel state, there is no way you can revoke it, and you simply have to wait for locktimes to expire.
Usually when both parties agree to close a channel, they instead agree on their balances mutually and create a transaction with 2 regular P2WSH/P2WPKH outputs which pay their balances, and either party can broadcast this to the blockchain. This saves on fees as this mutual close transaction is smaller than the unilateral close one.
@_date: 2019-12-27 17:10:28
"Take a letter from our alphabet and put an extra line through it" has been used for pretty much every currency, it is nothing new.
The bitcoin ₿ was deliberately designed differently to distinguish itself from the Baht. Some proposed using the Baht symbol before Bitcoin got its own.
@_date: 2019-12-22 22:57:44
Send and receive anonymously in person (find people using hodlhold, etc), or use an ATM which doesn't require ID. (coinatmradar.com). Also there are services to convert gift cards to/from Bitcoin - which you can acquire for cash or spend without ID in shops.
@_date: 2019-12-21 13:13:29
localbitcoins requires KYC. ATMs don't.
@_date: 2019-12-18 21:43:02
Miners are merely performing repeated SHA-256 on a serialized block header, changing a nonce value each attempt until they get a digest which is below a given number.
There is no simulation or any stupid shit you think is happening.
@_date: 2019-06-23 18:10:10
If somebody has knowledge of your node ID, they could've requested to open a channel to you, where they have provided the funding. The software automatically negotiates the channel based on some default parameters. Likely, the 10sat is the *dust_limit* which your node requires for the transaction fees. It is required that the channel opener must push at least *dust_limit* to the counterparty they open a channel to.
@_date: 2019-06-23 12:13:31
Like I said, "doesn't know" or "didn't know" it was stolen. Nobody is going to admit to knowing.
@_date: 2019-12-04 20:49:10
Buy low if you can, but don't try to guess the market, you'll lose.
Don't sell. Selling will get you a tax bill in most places. Instead, use bitcoin for buying things or just hodl.
It will become very apparent how absurd it is to buy dollars with your Bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-12-27 11:17:12


You don't need to "tamper" with the sensor, you just need to exfiltrate the private keys from it. This can be done with a microphone.
Once you have the private keys you can create a virtual sensor which mimics whatever the original would be sending over the network.
It is pure fantasy that we are ever going to have distributed secure and "trusted" oracles.
If you don't control the data *yourself*, *it cannot be trusted*.
@_date: 2019-12-21 23:14:18
No KYC to use ATMs at present. There's probably a limit on how much you can transfer at a time for this to remain true.
@_date: 2019-06-20 20:48:43
We can reform the calendar the proper way and make a 13th month (between December and January). Split each month into exactly 28 days and we have 28*13=364 days. We can make the extra day an international holiday which will fall on genesis block day each year, which we should name appropriately as "Proof of Keys Day". 
We will still need leap years, which we can do every 4 years in line with block subsidy halving.
@_date: 2019-12-21 15:41:48
Nothing in this world is free. You are paying for other services by giving up your liberty and privacy. You're paying for it to be subsidized with your taxes.
Bitcoin makes it explicit what it costs for somebody to provide an *honest* service which doesn't need the nanny state to tell you who you can or can't interact with.
7% is cheap to retain your privacy and liberty in a world where everybody is trying to destroy both.
@_date: 2019-12-23 08:45:49
Read Hayek's "The Fatal Conceit" and thank me later.
Roads aren't "collective goods," for starters.
@_date: 2019-12-31 01:03:54
It's amazing how many people think that Bitcoin is there to serve miners and not the other way round.
Miners simply have to attempt to profit from whatever the market is offering. They don't set prices. If they can't profit, they drop out.
@_date: 2019-12-22 02:11:07
WRONG in every way.
They provide mediocre services which are well overpriced because each of the half dozen bureaucrats between the treasury and the front-line services takes a cut for their own pocket, and none of them use the rest of the money efficiently.
What prevents people from becoming destitute because of bad luck is the productive classes of society producing wealth to better everybody's life, inadvertently, because they're simply trying to improve their own lives and everyone ends up benefiting.
If given the choice, a free market provides better services for *absolutely everything*, because the incentives are in place for a provider to service its customers - and they lose business if they don't provide adequate services - meaning they lose their own money that they risked into providing the service.
Governments simply fail on every account. They're not risking their own money. They don't need to provide an adequate service because they've got guaranteed business - and they don't even need to profit because they have a fresh pot of money - which of course they didn't earn, and thus, they don't truly value in the same way a private business does. To government, you're not a customer - you're an inconvenience.
@_date: 2019-04-29 07:38:43
@_date: 2019-12-21 23:17:25
What do you think the ATMs in OP do?
You send them bitcoin, they spool out cash.
Besides, if you're a true hodler, then turning into fiat isn't something you're even concerned with. By the time it's achieved the value you want it to, you won't need to convert it because you'll be able to use it for purchasing almost anything - and most things will be cheaper to buy for Bitcoin because it will be in higher demand.
@_date: 2019-12-21 15:36:24
!lntip 1000
@_date: 2019-04-23 08:26:46
Tether is a bank. Pointless.
@_date: 2019-12-22 22:48:47
You cannot expect to have privacy in Bitcoin if you receive them from a service which you give your identity to.
The only way to ensure you have privacy is to receive the coins anonymously and spend them anonymously. Not always possible.
You can attempt to make it more difficult for others to track you by mixing your coins, but this is useless if you then link the mixed coins back to your identity when you spend them.
It is possible to have a bit more transactional privacy with Lightning, as your actual payments are decoupled from your public transaction activity.
@_date: 2019-12-30 23:13:39
All cars are "disposable." They all lose value rapidly - particularly new cars lose significant portion of their value upon purchase and after 1 or 2 years.
I'm suggesting being frugal for a year or two then reassess the situation based on the new knowledge you've gained in that time.
Your economy situation improves by *saving*, not by *spending*.
@_date: 2019-12-21 15:29:01
Yeah, could've been much sooner if the EU had believed us the first time round and didn't plant moles in our Gov and media to try and convince us that we had changed our mind.
@_date: 2019-12-21 23:07:46
If you buy anonymously, sell anonymously, and don't leak your identity in between, then certainly.
The IRS can only track "dirty" bitcoin. Bitcoin which you received anonymously is "clean". The act of obtaining it anonymously washes it. The seller in such transaction can be tracked, but the trail ends there.
@_date: 2019-04-26 16:14:36
Either of those are options. For-profit social enterprises are also an option in some jurisdictions. Or you could make a for-profit company without handing out shares, then you can make any ideological decision at your own discretion.
@_date: 2019-04-25 08:58:30
The [RGB protocol]( is an example of colored coins being possible on Lightning. Whether practical is a different question.
@_date: 2019-12-21 13:46:04
I use shitcoins.club in the UK. The company is Polish I think, they have ATMs throughout western Europe. Probably the best in terms of fees, but those have been going up. When I started using, the fees were ~3%
@_date: 2019-04-08 17:17:38
When bitcoin is worth $10M/BTC, people will "mine" bitcoin from landfills, by searching for remnants of any hard drives they can find and attempting to recover data from them.
@_date: 2019-04-13 09:43:55
Spending bitcoin *is* signing.
It doesn't make a difference if you sign a transaction or a message, the same private key is used.
@_date: 2019-04-21 18:40:02
I'm not arguing that they won't try.
I'm saying take a very hard look at reality and ask *how* you are going to tax bitcoin?
Bitcoin will get privacy features, eventually in line with what can be done with monero right now. Anyone wanting to avoid taxes with bitcoin will be able to do so with plausible deniability.
Bitcoin KILLS socialism. No longer are these scumbags going to be able to forcibly raid your savings.
@_date: 2019-12-17 21:36:42
@_date: 2019-06-23 18:40:33
It is a proverb that any Englishman will understand, even if they rarely use it in their own writing - it is spoken in the vernacular. There are several variations of it which replace "kicked" with some other verb.
@_date: 2019-04-21 17:43:19
Wanting to tax bitcoin is like wanting to go view unicorns.
Sounds good, until you examine reality.
@_date: 2019-04-19 14:29:40
Or you could weave one from bamboo: 
@_date: 2019-04-25 22:20:48
I'm busy building decentralized solutions, without the financial (corrupting) motive.
Gab won't make decisions which negatively affect their profit margins. You will witness how money corrupts, when they fail to deliver true decentralization as their users ask for it. Ultimately, they've decided to build their technology on the web, which is already severely broken because it has highly centralized naming services (DNS) and highly centralized security issuers (the PKI).
I'd certainly love to see Gab succeed over Twitter et al, but I won't hold my breath for real solutions to censorship.
@_date: 2019-06-22 07:19:31
This will happen eventually. There are two reasons: Bitcoin will get more valuable, and the dollar will get less valuable.
As masses shift over to BTC, the US will accelerate the printers and print more money out of thin air to try and accumulate BTC themselves. They will be able to purchase Bitcoin at the full price of the dollar at the time of printing, but as the newly printed money trickles through the economy, the dollar loses its purchasing power. (This is known as the Cantillon Effect. The people who print money benefit at the cost of the eventual consumers of that money.)
Read about this in [An Austrian Perspective on the History of Economic Thought]( Page 354 (12.7 Money and Process Analysis)
@_date: 2019-12-21 15:30:35
Poland next.
@_date: 2019-04-28 19:23:41
They don't charge for deposits, they charge a taker fee on trades.
@_date: 2019-04-29 11:30:32
They don't want another currency, they want to be cucks to the EU.
@_date: 2019-04-26 07:32:59
All the hard work in the world means nothing if you aren't producing something saleable. I'm not bashing people for their effort, I'm bashing them for their stupidity. These people are creating variants of Hasbro Monopoly money and expecting to generate profit from selling them. So far they've been mildly successful so far because some people are gullible enough to be convinced they're going to get their value's worth. The problem is every Tom, Dick and Harry can create Monopoly notes with a regular printer. They're incapable of storing value. They will all be worth ZERO.
Believers of the "token economy" are people who think that money is merely a unit of accounting and that it has no inherent value itself. They don't understand the basic economics. Money has value. When you exchange some real items for some money, you're conducing a trade of fair value. The money *itself* is worth equivalent of the goods you exchanged for it. You can then exchange this money for other goods worth the equivalent value. It is no mere unit of account, although the most stable and saleable commodities make useful units of account.
Bitcoin is the only accounting unit you will need. It is the best accounting unit man has ever known because it has a predetermined upper limit, and you can make a direct measurement of some amount as a portion of that upper limit. This was never possible before Bitcoin, and it's not possible in the "post-Bitcoin token economy" either. It is only possible where Bitcoin reigns supreme as the standard unit of account and where other currencies which are perceived to have value are measured by comparison to it, which is already the case.
People do not want friction in their trading. They aren't going to be trading between many different tokens when they could have a single money instead. Anybody trading in tokens is going to be pushed out of the market by competitors who will buy and sell directly in the best money, because this is the best user experience. Tokens will be a liability rather than an asset. The only use for tokens is for promotions where you might offer discounts for people who will go through the extra hoops to save money.
@_date: 2019-04-20 07:49:25
Same algorithm.
You mean SHA3 (Keccak)?
@_date: 2019-12-21 15:01:43
Well, my country is leaving the EU next month, so no probs.
@_date: 2019-04-28 19:54:30
Coinbase are anti-bitcoin, pro-shitcoin. They have engaged in shady behaviour numerous times, included insider trading before listing new coins. "Most legitimate" is old-world thinking. In Bitcoin, everyone is equal and you don't need a badge from the state. A badge from the state is a warning sign that they're not in it for the liberty, but purely for the money.
Obviously, there are many scammers out there too. Do your due diligence. The state's role of babysitting you does not extend to the use of Bitcoin. It requires that you take personal responsibility for your choices and actions.
@_date: 2019-04-26 00:53:39
What skills can you contribute?
@_date: 2019-04-26 07:48:05
This is true for people, but not for-profit companies. The for-profit company has a legal obligation to maximize shareholder profit, and deviating from this for ideology can result in the firing of the directors. The shareholders are in charge, not the board.
The exception to the above is where companies are wholly owned by the people who have the vision, and are willing to risk their own profits to achieve it.
I'm not sure where Gab stands in this case, but I suspect they have taken VC money previously.
@_date: 2019-12-29 19:04:18
Honestly just as good as any other TA. TA for Bitcoin is like voodoo or witchcraft.
@_date: 2019-12-21 13:37:43
These ones are from [shitcoins.club](
@_date: 2019-12-21 23:10:35
Anyone who pays more tax than they *need* to pay is just plain stupid.
It isn't your duty to provide tips to a horrendous service provider. Could you imagine eating in a restaurant and getting a terrible service, then saying "how does a 30% tip sound?"
Governments are like that. The only reason you would ever hand over any money at all to them is because it is in your interest to not have your property forcefully stolen, or be thrown violently behind bars and stripped of your liberty. Paying tax is simply a necessity which is done reluctantly.
@_date: 2019-04-25 21:35:15
Except everything you write into Dissenter or Gab goes to their central server.
The promise of no censorship is just that, a promise. They're not building technical solutions which make the censorship *impossible* by design. What is stopping Gab from doing a U-turn and becoming like Facebook in 10 years or so?
The solutions to power *must* be decentralized. Gab is better than SV big tech, but it's a long way from where we need to be.
@_date: 2019-04-26 07:45:19
I don't need this "Pascal Coin" thing. Bitcoin and Lightning Network already provide a solid enough foundation for building what I want.
Lightning Network nodes are identified by public keys. The public key is sufficient to replace both DNS and the PKI. Naming systems are not necessary, but can be built as optional components for directory services if people want them.
@_date: 2019-04-11 18:41:23
1) It is not using Bitcoin at all. It is using fiat. The card user is asking coinbase to move a number from your account to the merchant, who also uses coinbase. Neither of them touch the Bitcoin network at any point.
2) Bitcoin doesn't need this kind of "legitimacy". It's harmful. Bitcoin needs using without asking for permission and without giving custody of your funds, otherwise the whole experiment will recreate the existing banking system. Nothing gained.
Great payment processors like BTCPayServer already exist. They are completely open source, simple to set up, and do not require licensing or handing custody of your money to fiat providing services.
If you're hoping that fake adoption will bring you to the moon, think again. All that this is enabling is *fake money* to be printed. Coinbase is a bank, they will operate like a bank, and will "print new bitcoin" for fun. You will not find out until some distant time in the future when they finally become insolvent, and by then it will be too late to consider cashing out.
@_date: 2019-04-26 02:12:42
People don't want tokens, they want money - value which they can exchange for other goods and services.
If there is some finite amount of value in the world, then do the math. Value is split among all tokens. There are infinite tokens. value/infinity = 0. Doesn't matter how high value gets, you're not going to make the tokens have any value.
BAT will join the sea of other useless digital tokens which aren't even worth their cost to store.
If Brave had any sense, they would've built on Bitcoin and made a sustainable business. Too bad they're going to lose to people with better sense.
@_date: 2019-04-25 22:59:59
The solution to power will be grassroots, and built directly on Bitcoin and LN, not the web. Twitter might be less censorious given they have Gab to compete with. Facebook and Google are too far gone - they have irreparable reputations and will only continue to decline.
@_date: 2019-09-11 10:17:56


No it doesn't. This is a perpetual myth of the subservient academic elite who depend on promoting Keynesian economics for their funding to continue.
What is needed for an economy to grow is not *spending*, but *saving*. All capital is savings. Only by saving can *investment* be made, and thus, the creation of new wealth.


This can easily be proven a falsehood by the fact that people buy cars, computers and other gadgets which lose significant value upon purchase and lose a large portion of their value year upon year until they are eventually worthless.
The world is deflationary. Everything gets (or should get) cheaper over time. People buy things now because they are necessary or convenient, and money is not the be and end all.
Of course, people will be more frugal with a deflationary currency and *impulse spending* will be reduced. Investment will be more carefully considered because anything which can't provide a ROI better than the appreciation of the currency will be ignored. Investors will still look for opportunities which provide a greater ROI because the small amount of deflation of the currency will not do much to enrich them, as everybody else with savings is being enriched by the same proportion.
Hyperdeflation could be a problem as people will only let go of their currency for the bare necessities. It is likely we will see a temporary period of hyperdeflation as mass adoption of Bitcoin occurs, but this will eventually be reduced as other currencies fall completely out of circulation because they are worthless. People will demand to be paid in Bitcoin, and employers will need to comply or go out of business.
@_date: 2019-09-19 04:16:14


They shouldn't. **All of the above** should be paid for by private enterprise.
@_date: 2019-09-18 18:37:23
The spam attacks do not come at zero cost. There is a missed opportunity cost for miners who could be including other people's transactions which pay more, but instead are filling up block space with "spam" which pays them nothing (coins they already owned).
While it might artificially inflate fees due to bad fee estimators in other clients, this too is a problem which has been improved significantly, and will continue to improve to the point where it will be an unaffordable cost for miners to exhaust electricity merely to include their own transactions in a block.
We all know that BitMain was behind much of the spam, and they went from profiting $4B in 2017 to making a net loss of over $1B in 2018.
The "spam" they're adding is simply not sustainable for them. They might be able to cause a temporary reduction of "useful" transaction throughput by wasting their own money, but the market will wipe them out eventually.
Bitcoin is the way it is. It isn't going to change because you dislike the way somebody is using it. Bitcoin must remain permissionless, which means your opinion of the utility of somebody else's transactions is meaningless.
Any fix for what you perceive to be spam is likely to be far worse than the problem you think it is. We can either suck it up and accept that people are going to use it in ways we don't necessarily agree with, or we can go down the regressive socialist route and throw tantrums and try to "adjust" Bitcoin to be something else entirely. There's plenty of shitcoins for the latter.
@_date: 2019-09-11 21:04:32
Unless you already have open channels on the LN, you can't receive money over LN. (At least, not yet).
When you initiate opening a channel over LN, you fund some amount of Bitcoin into it and usually pay a tiny amount of Bitcoin to the person you open the channel with, as well as reserve some of it to pay for the transaction fee to close the channel.
Most of the funding gets put into your balance on the channel, which is part of your *outbound liquidity* (amount you can spend). The tiny amount you paid to the other party is your *inbound liquidity* (amount you can receive), which isn't much. This means you can't really receive new payments over the channel until you have some more inbound liquidity.
When you make a payment over LN, it is paid from your outbound liqudity and the amount paid now becomes part of inbound liquidity. As you make more payments, you will eventually exhaust your outbound liquidity, and most of the channel capacity will be inbound liquidity, meaning you will be able to receive money over the channel, but won't be able to make further payments over the channel.
This is where it becomes advantageous to use services which can pay you new bitcoin directly over LN. By buying bitcoin to be paid directly to your lightning node, the service effectively "tops up" your channel by transferring the inbound liquidity back to outbound liquidity, enabling you to make more payments over the channel.
All of this is done without any on-chain transactions, which cuts out the fees. You can keep a channel open indefinitely, and as you spend (converting outbound to inbound liquidity), you eventually need to "top up" to convert it the other way.
If you are acting as a full lightning node, with multiple open channels, then you need both inbound and outbound liquidity, over different channels. When your node routes a payment for somebody else, one channel's inbound liquidity is transferred to outbound liquidity by the amount paid, and another channel's outbound liquidity is changed to inbound liquidity, by the same amount minus the fees your node received for the routing service.
By having liquidity providers (eg, exchanges which can pay you directly over LN), you have better control over managing the liquidity of your existing channels rather than just opening new channels (for outbound liquidity), or requesting that people open channels towards you (for inbound liquidity). The idea is to recycle your channels as much as possible by transferring inbound liquidity to and from outbound liquidity, and avoid closing them if at all possible.
@_date: 2019-09-09 11:09:54


I don't think you've grasped what I've outlined.
Businesses will *not* be increasing their coin handling. They will be completely externalizing it because they will simply insert it into a machine and have money paid into their bank account.
The security company will be handling coins, but they will be doing so on an industrial scale. It will be handled entirely by machines and AI. Human involvement will be mostly limited to collecting safety deposit boxes and transporting them.
Businesses will prefer to externalize the risk of currency devaluations due to the volatility in exchange markets, and will pay for the opportunity for somebody else to take that risk.
Not taking that opportunity means $10,000 taken in cash in the morning might have the purchasing power of $9,000 deposited late in the afternoon.
@_date: 2019-09-09 14:17:32
Other countries selling off gold before it becomes worthless as Bitcoin is set to dominate.
China is the idiot buying up expensive gold to eventually sell it for Bitcoin at a loss
@_date: 2019-09-09 07:53:21
Most small businesses will probably already be taking cash payments from customers and will need to deposit that cash in the bank each day.
Any business where the amount of money collected during the day is a real risk will be using a security company which collects the cash and deposits it to the bank securely. The business will have a drop slot safe where the keys aren't even on premises - but in the hands of the security company.
Better yet, this kind of device could literally **be** the security drop slot. The small business should be able to deposit cash received from customers and have it transferred to their bank account on-premises immediately (their bank account being a lightning node which is off-premises). Once the cash it is in the drop slot, it belongs to the security company responsible for collecting it and is no longer a risk to the business.
The security company will effectively be the bank. It will pay in sats as coins are deposited, and can pay in coins as sats are are spent. The security of the machine itself will be the responsibility of the security company also, and not of concern to businesses.
Counting and sorting could be done by the machine itself, or externally by the security company when they empty it. Not worth worrying about.
@_date: 2019-09-01 07:41:43


Bitcoin already *is* a store of value - but you must treat that storage like a 5-year bond - where your investment is locked up for 5 years and attempting to withdraw it early will bear a cost, and possibly a loss.
Value isn't maintained day-to-day because the market is volatile - you can't predict how many more people are going to start using Bitcoin tomorrow. The trading activity on Bitcoin is a result of tens of thousands of people all gambling their own assets in attempt to increase their own wealth, as well as newcomers looking to secure their savings. Whales are not as important as you think. A whale can be eaten up by many smaller sharks.
You can, however, predict that the long term trend of Bitcoin is upwards for the foreseeable future. This is *low risk*. If you hold onto Bitcoin for 5 years, you are absolutely not going to be worse off!


The "country" doesn't make the decision. Individuals make the decision. Individuals are going to store their liquid wealth in Bitcoin because it appreciates in value more than many other investments. This is especially true when even 30-year bonds, which were once a good ROI, are now giving negative yields. Ouch!
As more individuals in a country begin to use Bitcoin, the only thing a government can do is accept it and encourage that people continue to pay their taxes. This will likely mean that the government will begin accepting bitcoin as a medium for paying tax. When the governments do this, and begin to realize the benefits that it also brings to their operations, they will *encourage* people to pay taxes in Bitcoin. Perhaps even offer a *tax reduction* for paying in bitcoin because the benefits are so great. This kind of feedback loop between individual users and governments, who all benefit from Bitcoin, will drive Bitcoin to the moon, with few obstacles to delay it happening.
If a government tries to stop or deter bitcoin use, all that will happen is people will take their money "offshore" and their tax payments will be reduced. The government will see a smaller tax revenue, which will hurt them. The more a government tries to stifle this, the more likely that people will stop disclosing their true wealth and earnings, and many will migrate to places more bitcoin friendly, which will result in a "brain drain" of the country with anti-bitcoin laws.
@_date: 2019-09-22 08:07:24
The loopback address shouldn't show, as it is the same for every user. I'm not aware of what addresses are listened on by default on each client and what configuration needs changing. You'll need to consult the docs.
Other ports being listened on will be for other applications and network protocols - it doesn't imply that any of these are accessible from a public network as they may just be LAN protocols.
The `-p` flag for netstat should display which programs are using the ports so you can find out more.
@_date: 2019-09-09 17:32:15
The HD will expire before its capacity. You should concern yourself more with *uptime*. If a drive fails and you need to buy another, you will need to complete the IBD again which could take days or weeks. You should have at minimum, RAID1 mirroring. It would be preferable to have RAID5/RAID6 (or RAID-Z1/RAID-Z2 under ZFS).
Better to buy 2x2TB than a 1x4TB. (2TB usable storage under RAID1, safe for 1 disk failure)
Also better to buy 4x1TB than 2x2TB. (2TB usable storage under RAID6, safe for up to 2 disk failures)
By the time one disk fails, you might need to update the array to something a little bigger, but the cost of a 4TB drive in 2030 will be a fraction of what it is now, and it most likely won't be available in slow spinning rust format, but will be super fast SSD (by today's standards).
@_date: 2019-09-11 15:48:26
Buyers won't pay what miners want to be paid. Miners will either sell at the price the market demands, or they will go out of business.
Remember, newly mined bitcoin are only a tiny fraction of the bitcoin traded on the market. Miners have no leverage to set the market exchange rate.
@_date: 2019-09-18 19:46:54
Keep being delusional.
Now is a great time to get rid of those awfully heavy bags and convert to Bitcoin while it's on sale!
@_date: 2019-09-19 18:58:38
The redeem script is necessary because that is what contains the public keys (the addresses which can spend the coins). Nobody can verify that the script hash is correct without the complete redeem script.
It is safe to reveal. Nobody can spend your transaction with only this information, because transaction signing covers the entire transaction (excluding the signature itself), and not only the redeem script. Spending the transaction would result in a completely different signature.
You'll need to sign the message with each private key individually and share all the signatures, unless you use an aggregation scheme like Schnorr to produce one combined signature which can be independently verified by others who know the public keys.
@_date: 2019-09-18 06:58:33
DDG/Startpage or YaCy for search.
OSM for maps (OsmAnd from F-droid)
Protonmail for e-mail.
@_date: 2019-09-26 14:13:07
Not black and white, but reality versus ignoring reality.
"Cancel culture" is *already happening*. It isn't some fiction. It's a nightmare reality.
If you frequent leftist circles, you're probably celebrating the fact that some people are being cancelled.
Perhaps you won't have a clue what Bitcoin is until they come for you and you need it.
@_date: 2019-09-26 11:45:52
My only fear is that the price will move back up before payday and I won't be able to stack more sats on the cheap.
@_date: 2019-09-09 10:38:55


Define "shitty rate."
Bitcoin ATMs already exist and do pretty well. They have rates ranging from 3-10% over the market rate to manage their risk. People are happy to use them, because even 10% is a reasonable price to pay for the privacy retained by not using KYC services, and because the volatility risk is managed instead by the ATM vendor, so the consumer can know exactly what they are getting at the time.
Consider the case where Bitcoin is volatile. I have a bunch of cash on me, and an ATM in sight, offering buys at 10% over the market average. This might seem expensive at the time, but consider the risk of delay: If instead, I have to go to my local bank, deposit the money, wait for the bank to update its records, then transfer to Conbase, then input my buy order, then wait for the order to be filled (if ever, unless I buy at market rate and pay the taker's fee too). The price of Bitcoin could swing 10% in all this time. I would've been better just using the machine and letting the ATM vendor take that risk.
This is even more true for a business which typically waits until the end of the day to deposit its cash. The business can't exactly close every hour in order to go and deposit cash taken so far into the bank. The price of Bitcoin could swing by a large amount in the time between accepting cash payments and visits to the bank, that business owners would need to start putting a premium on their products or services because the value of the cash they accept depreciates before they have time to deposit it.
OTOH, a business could literally deposit their takings so far in their own premises and externalize those risks to the security company. If the security company doesn't collect the cash quickly enough, they'll be losing money.
In the case where Bitcoin is not so volatile, ATM vendors will be able to lower their premiums, and would need to do so because their competitors will. There is still some risk which must be priced into the rate, but since there will be a large amount of competition in this space, business owners will look for the ones offering the best rates and services. Those who charge too much will simply go out of business and be replaced.
You are correct that future use of Bitcoin will result in reduced cash handling - perhaps eventually eliminate it altogether - however, in the mean time, there is a transitionary period where people are going to be using cash and bitcoin - and companies which insert themselves between the two stand to profit massively.
What I've described above *will happen*. There is no doubt about it. There is too much profit to be made that the chance is not being overlooked, and OP is well ahead of the game. He should now be focusing his efforts on creating a product/service as I have described in order to take a chunk of that profit. If he has doubts and delays about doing it, somebody else will take that profit instead.
@_date: 2019-09-18 02:05:27
In this case, he's talking out of his arse. Nobody has an "unfair advantage" because they are in the same position as anybody else, and as long as they pay the fees, they are as entitled to anybody else to utilize the space they pay for. There is no spam.
I'm open to the idea of reducing block size in order to keep it as cheap as possible (negligible) to run a full sovereign node. A reduced block size would allow more constrained devices and communication media (eg, radio) to be more practical for full nodes. At present, most mobile users cannot be expected to run a full node because they have insufficient bandwidth on metered connections.
An ideal scenario would be that users can receive full information over *multiple media*, so that if one connection is completely compromised (by an ISP for example), that this does not affect the ability of users to receive block information or transmit transactions. I imagine in the near future, Bitcoin blocks will be broadcast over several radio frequencies and mobile devices will be equipped to receive this information without exhausting their metered bandwidth. They might still receive block headers over the metered connection to validate that the broadcast is correct.
Keeping block size as small as possible makes it feasible for lower frequency bands to transmit the full information. These frequency bands also happen to be more suitable for covering longer distance and penetrating solid structures which higher frequencies can have problems with.
@_date: 2019-09-19 21:41:27
How pedantic are we?
I'm not arguing about bytes or vbytes.
I'm talking in abstract terms.
There is limited space.
You need to pay to acquire some of that space.
Somebody who pays more than you for the same space will very likely get the space before you.
@_date: 2019-09-28 17:38:55
There's a process known as the "cantillon effect," which is the process by which inflation occurs in an economy, not all at once, but gradually as money is passed around.
The printers of the money get to spend it at the full value at time of print. The last people to receive the money have reduced purchasing power because by that point, the inflation has occurred.
Imagine if you had a magic $10 printing machine. If you could print $10 now, and go and spend it, how much would it be worth?
Of course, nobody would be able to tell the difference between your note and a real one, so they would give you the full $10 worth of goods.
Now imagine *many people* have a $10 magic money machine. They're all introducing new money into the economy and as a result, the money is worth less than before. The cost of goods rises to account for the now reduced purchasing power of the money. Everybody now pays more! However, the people printing the $10 notes are still getting $10 worth of goods for every note they print.
This is the scam.
Those most affected are fixed wage earners whose wage barely increases to keep up with inflation, and savers, whose savings are raided to pay for the inflation in the first place. Property owners also pay a cost because they can't increase rents at the same rate of inflation.
@_date: 2019-09-19 03:14:04


Tells you everything you need to know.
Basement dwelling loser, probably irked off that he heard about Bitcoin in 2010 and still hasn't bought in.
@_date: 2019-09-09 12:23:21


Why would you want to turn away such business? If people are willing to pay the fees to stuff your machine, it should be welcomed!
Alternatively, if they won't pay the fees, as you've suggested above, then they won't stuff the machines. Make up your mind.


It is precisely because there is no avoiding the dollar volatility - which will eventually be a consistent inflation - that any business accepting cash will need to externalize the risks of taking cash payments. Most would prefer not to take them, but regressive laws will require them to.
If the business decides to take the risk upon themselves, they will need to price that risk into their products. This means their products are going to change price every day. Consider the costs involved for anybody selling hundreds of different products to reprice their goods each day.
The solution is that they price their goods in Bitcoin, which is not volatile, and that those prices are converted to fiat at the market rate when the consumer purchases.
However, the business owner can't determine the exchange rate of fiat to bitcoin, because the rate at the time the consumer hands over the cash is not the rate at the time the business hands the cash to the bank. This is a huge risk.
Instead of taking such risk, the business will pay a premium to externalize it. The cost, of course, is not the retailer's, but the consumer's, who will pay a premium for using cash. Paying directly in bitcoin will be cheaper. This will compound the effects and lead to hyperinflation as people move away from dollars.
There is an enormous profit to be made by facilitating the transition. People will pay stupidly high premiums to reduce their risks. The companies which position themselves as the middle men will become the backbone of the lightning network. This means even after fiat becomes obsolete, they'll still be raking in profits from transaction fees on lightning payments.
Alternatively, although fiat will eventually disappear, it does not imply that coinage must disappear. A company which has these ATMs widespread could start issuing their own coins or notes, which are 1-1 bitcoin backed. This cash could be used to facilitate payments for people who have a hard time adopting the technology or do not want to have the responsibility of securing their own assets from hackers and thieves. Such cash, will of course, dominate the market and obsolete any government issued ones. The issuer will be taking a small fraction out of every transaction where these coins are converted to or from electronic bitcoin at the ATM. The profit potential is unfathomable.
The early bird gets the worm.
If you leave it until hyperinflation is already happening, you've missed your opportunity.
@_date: 2019-09-26 14:00:00
Demand is guaranteed because there is simply no alternative for some cases.
You can thank the lefty loonies running the asylum who want to "cancel" people whose opinions they don't like - forcing them to use Bitcoin because no other options are available.
This demand alone is sufficient to sustain Bitcoin. Just happens that people who have no choice but to use it are also willing to pay a premium because they have no other option. This makes it a profitable venture for others who don't necessarily need it, but can make utility from it.
@_date: 2019-09-26 09:26:26
Bitcoin can't "crash".
How hard is it to understand?
Bitcoin has already won. It isn't a question of whether or not Bitcoin will dominate, it's merely a question of when.
There is no risk in Bitcoin.
Fiat is risk. A recession could happen at any time and Bitcoin is the only place your assets are safe from it.
If you leave it until a recession happens, you'll have FOMO and will pay far more to get rid of your hyperinflating paper to replace it with hard Bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-09-10 17:26:03
The only way they are going to pay off their student loan debt is by winning big in Bitcoin.
Otherwise, they'll be carrying it to their graves.
@_date: 2019-09-28 03:31:05
I hope her BTC:ETH ratio is at least 9:1, else I doubt she'll be laughing much.
@_date: 2019-09-11 20:10:52
That's fine and all, if you think they are psychic and can predict the direction the market is going to move.
Obviously, they probably aren't going to sell *during* a bull run or immediately *after* the bear market removes a chunk of its value.
Miners sell at market price. The just try to find the most suitable time to sell to minimize their risks.
My point was that miners can't decide what somebody is going to pay for their Bitcoin. They might try to hold off selling until it is more advantageous to them, but ultimately, there are electricity bills which need paying and they're going to have to sell to cover it.
Having a supply of liquid dollars in order to pay electricity bills might help, but that is also lost opportunity if the market exchange rate rises and they've got large amounts of money locked up in dollars, depreciating, when it could be appreciating in Bitcoin (or vice versa).
@_date: 2019-09-26 20:59:49
The primary difficulty for the 2 way peg is in creating a contract which can allow the correct owners of tokens on the side-chain to spend their share of the funds on the main bitcoin chain without having to trust some third-parties.
Currently, Bitcoin's multi-sig contracts are limited to only a handful of participants. If you lock up some funds into a multisig contract for use on a sidechain, then this small handful of key owners has the ability to spend the entirety of the funds on the main bitcoin chain. The non-signing participants of the side chain have no control over this spending and must rely on trust - even if that trust can be split among several parties as a federation. In the case of Drivechains, the miners are implicitly trusted to have an honest majority, because a dishonest majority which monitors the sidechain funds could steal its entire capital.
A true two way peg would be one where each individual user of the sidechain has complete sovereign control over the same amount of funds on the main bitcoin chain, such that it is impossible for anybody to steal them or for them to be denied access to the funds by lack of cooperation.
Some distributed sidechain could work based on a proof-of-stake system where each participant is part signatory to the main-chain funds, and the funds may only be released on agreement by a clear majority (say, 80% of its users). There are some issues with this; if fewer than 80% of the users cooperate then the funds could be locked up entirely and unspendable for all the sidechain users. You also don't know if the other 80% are in collusion because they're anonymous. Other than that, the limitations of Bitcoin's multi-sig prevent this from having any kind of scale - although this may be mitigated in future developments around MuSig which can have larger sets of participants involved in contracts. 
Another interesting and related area of research is Lightning's *channel factories*, which create a separate payment network where each user of the network has complete control over their funds and can terminate the contract at any time. The downside is that it terminates the entire contract for all of its users. Ideally this needs to be improved to allow individual users of a channel factory to "splice out" their funds without terminating the entire factory. This is still unrealistic without some improvements to Bitcoin's scripting capabilities including improved MuSig support.
@_date: 2019-09-28 05:31:54
Yes, but on reflection will realize it was a stupid plan and 2M in BTC would've been the better idea.
@_date: 2019-09-01 14:31:15
Needs and wants are not the deciding factor. Leverage is.
In order to ensure that a worker has leverage, they need to excel at their work. If they excel, they can either demand better employment terms, or leave to find an employer who will offer them. If somebody ends up in a dead-end job unable to negotiate their terms, they're either not working hard enough, or they're in the wrong company. Upon realizing this, that person must make the effort to change their situation by themselves. Nobody will do it for them.
Minimum-wage should not exist to begin with. It is among the worst of socialist policies, developed by well-meaning but stupid people. The real minimum wage is zero - which is what you earn if you are unable to provide the economic output to demand what the State sets as the minimum target you must reach to be deemed employable.
Additionally, minimum-wage laws have the effect of causing price inflation in almost every sector, as the increased pay for employees is passed onto consumers, and is not taken out of the company profits or the employer's own pocket. This price inflation means that despite earning more money, the worker comes out with the same, or less purchasing power than before the minimum-wage was increased. The dis-employment caused by increasing minimum-wage also causes additional welfare claimants, which comes at increased cost to the taxpayer. Now people are earning more digits, but they are worth less than before, and they've got to pay extra to support those who the State forbids from working.
The most unfortunate part about this, is minimum-wage laws are introduced to purchase votes. Which means that any suggestion of scrapping such horrendous policy is political suicide. Minimum-wage laws can only go one way, unless there is a broad societal understanding of their detrimental effects and people stop selling out their votes for money which was stolen from hard workers.
Alternatively, under Bitcoin, the State will no longer be able to steal people's money to buy such votes.
@_date: 2019-09-22 07:56:04
Default port is 9735 iirc.
It's the listening address you should be looking for. A Tor connection would listen on the loopback address (127.0.0.1) assuming running the Tor daemon on the same machine. Other addresses such as your LAN address would enable the port to be accessed from other machines, potentially the WAN if there is a port forwarding rule (or UPnP) enabled on the router.
@_date: 2019-09-19 19:44:08
Yes, but it is necessary to know the public key to verify the signature. In fact, you can *recover* the public key knowing only the message hash and the signature.
@_date: 2019-09-09 13:46:29
It isn't "getting into fiat coins" - it is inserting yourself between cash transactions and bitcoin. Accepting coins is just a part of maximizing the applicability. Most of the business would be handling notes, but handling coins will be an extra opportunity which can't be overlooked.
If the industry is moving away from cash, then there is an urgent market need for somebody to facilitate the transfer of cash to electronic records as quickly and as low risk as possible.
The eventual outcome is that you have lightning channels open between yourself and millions of SMEs and are collecting transaction fees on every payment they send or receive.
The ATMs themselves will probably have a limited lifetime - but long enough to make a killing.
@_date: 2019-09-03 14:23:17
GP isn't targeting a specific point but targeting the title without examining its contents.
@_date: 2019-09-22 16:43:22
They could either:
* Be profitable by mining valid blocks, or
* Waste a lot of their money by attempting to attack the network.
Whilst the subsidy is in place, they could be greedy and attempt to orphan other miners' blocks so that they're claiming 100% of the subsidy.
@_date: 2019-09-09 07:38:41
Lightning nodes should support any amount &gt;= the amount on the invoice
When payment is &lt; the invoiced amount, a lightning node will give an `incorrect_or_unknown_payment_details` error.
@_date: 2019-09-19 03:18:03
Keep going! I get paid tomorrow and want to buy even cheaper.
@_date: 2019-09-19 16:05:00
This would be objectively worse than the pseudonymity we already have.
We need more anonymity, not less.
Every individual should be able to have multiple distinct, uncorrelated "personae" which they can elect whether to link to their identity themselves. These personae should be nothing more than public keys.
This will happen on the Lightning Network. Each user will have multiple distinct personae which will be able to receive funds through an anonymous node. Rendezvous-routing will enable them to hide their node from the network, making it infeasible for anybody to link a persona to a node.
Identity isn't a problem. It never has been.
The problem is SPAM, which anybody offering a service must attempt to avoid. The way they've attempted to avoid this over the past couple of decades is to require sign ups with attempts to link an online pseudonym to a person via their phone number, email address etc.
SPAM can be solved more easily over LN by requiring a small payment be made for each message sent. This will be negligible for normal use, but will eliminate unfocused SPAM which will quickly become expensive.
"Identity" solutions have only one other goal: To spy on you. Their purpose is to ensure that you can be tracked and monitored so that advertisers can put things they think are relevant in front of you. This is something Statists and Governments love, because it means they can have full access to people's data without having to pay to collect it (which would lose them votes if they were using taxpayer money to collect).
@_date: 2019-09-01 12:22:41
The idea of the LN is that you spend the funds over LN and receive funds over LN. You rarely, if ever, close channels. Channel closing should be considered more like a severing of a business relationship where an agreement is made on who owes what, with the extreme case being more like a court settlement, but where the judge is the impartial bitcoin blockchain.
If you are unable to pay for a good over LN because the recipient doesn't support it, it might be better to instead purchase some on-chain BTC for an off-chain lightning payment. This can be done trustlessly in what's called a "submarine swap." By doing this, you do not need to close or open any new channels, and neither does the trading counterparty, who has received inbound liquidity in exchange for a bitcoin payment, without having to open new channels themselves.
There is already a developing market for these kinds of trades, which will mature.
Additionally, there are other opportunities to save on fees with opening and closing of lightning channels. One example is a channel factory - where a group of cooperating participants can agree to rebalance some lightning channels without conducting new on-chain transactions. Another future potential is that you might be able to close/open channels with many participants using a multi-signature scheme, which can reduce the individual channel opening cost by splitting the unavoidable transaction fees amongst many participants.
However, the expectation is that Lightning will become widespread and ubiquitous for its drastically reduced transaction fees, and that all users will have the incentive to keep their funds on the network in order to have the rapid payments, privacy improvements, and potential for generating income by investing their unused resources.
@_date: 2019-09-26 15:38:34
Shilling shitcoins
@_date: 2019-09-01 07:05:45
Bitcoin benefits the individual, who can secure their assets without involuntary taxation (inflation by the central bank), and against seizure or theft, as for example, happened with Gold in 1934 in the US. There also exists a risk that fiat savings could be lost almost completely, for example, if a bank goes bankrupt. Taxpayer money can only bail out so much, and people should not expect that they'll not get back anything. Some countries with some socialist policies will *guarantee* a certain amount being returned (eg, £85,000 in the UK). However, this prevalence of socialism is detrimental to the rest of society, who bears the cost of bad decision making and people's unwillingness to take responsibility of their own assets.
Because Bitcoin benefits the individual, responsible individuals will act in their own selfish interest, they will choose to store their savings in Bitcoin as opposed to Fiat, where their savings are devalued or at risk which they don't control. In Bitcoin, you control the risks with your own security model for your wallets, and there is no chance of inflation because the protocol prevents it.
As more and more people act in their own selfish interest, there is increased buying demand for bitcoin, but the supply rate of new bitcoin is declining. This creates upward pressure in which many more people are competing for a decreasing liquid supply of bitcoin - because most of the bitcoin is being put away into cold storage as people also lower their time preference.
Bitcoin ownership is also potentially plausibly deniable, and the level of privacy one can gain is likely to improve over time with new developments. Compared to other "cashless" technologies, which have complete knowledge of your financial activities, Bitcoin will become a desirable medium for people looking for financial privacy. As this technology develops, and the other "cashless" technologies go in the opposite direction - of trying to implement Chinese style social credit systems - more and more people will ditch the social credit systems and opt for privacy. The companies which are implementing these social credit systems are literally encouraging potential customers to use their competitor, Bitcoin, by denying their own services to them.
The thing to watch out for in all of this, is there exists people and companies who will try (or are already trying) to co-opt Bitcoin to be an extension of their old financial systems, and will both deny privacy to their users, and also attempt to inflate the Bitcoin supply and drive the cost of goods upwards. An example is Coinbase. Coinbase offer a "fiat money denominated in Bitcoin" debit card. By using this card, you can be under the illusion you are using Bitcoin, and that it is compatible with all of the old financial networks. Coinbase will inevitably run a fractional reserve (if they aren't already), which will see the value of savings that Coinbase users deposit being depreciated. Eventually, the market will come to the knowledge of such fractional reserves existing, and **Genuine Bitcoin** will trade at a premium to **Coinbase Bitcoin**. Merchants will prefer to take **Genuine Bitcoin** for goods because they're worth more. Traders will attempt to arbitrage the difference between **Genuine Bitcoin** and **Coinbase Bitcoin** by buying bitcoin through Coinbase, withdrawing it to **Genuine Bitcoin**, and then selling it on the open market. Rinse &amp; Repeat. This will cause, in effect, a *run on the bank* at Coinbase, who will eventually be forced to suspend withdrawals of **Genuine Bitcoin** else they'll go bankrupt.
This will be the game changer, where many people lose money or financial freedom, and when they reflect on where they went wrong, it will be because *they were never using Bitcoin when they were using Coinbase*. They were using fiat denominated in Bitcoin. In order to not make the same mistake again, people will begin using **Genuine Bitcoin** in the way it is meant to be used. The demand for Bitcoin will once again increase, because those attempts at inflating Bitcoin by running fractional reserves will all end up in the same place - the history books.
@_date: 2019-09-18 02:43:45
Yes, but some enemies are worse than others.
Most people who would otherwise be enemies can come to arrangements which are mutually beneficial to them.
There is no mutual relationship between you and Google. They exist to spy on you. They frequently *break* their flagship product to hide information from you or to further their surveillance agenda. They've become so bad that competing products are now better at providing information because they simply search for what you type and not what Google's biased algorithms want you to see.
There is no reason to use Google when there are better replacements which are not specifically developed to spy on you.
@_date: 2019-09-25 20:14:43
Those aren't **cold storage**, because they connect to a host machine over a hot communication medium - USB. You must rely on the USB interfacing code in those hardware wallets to be exploit-free, which is a big assumption to make given the historical record of software bugs.
Cold storage is something like a Coldbit Steel, where you etch you seed phrase onto a metal plate which can withstand various disasters.
The only way to have a digital cold storage wallet would be if the communication between it and the PC is done purely over camera/QR code, which requires *physical access* to the device, and not the possibility, even if very small, that some code could be exploited to leak your private keys.
The Coldcard 3 wallet is probably the best option if you must use a digital wallet, as it uses a separate cryptographic element and private keys are never held on the device memory which other code has access to.
But don't put your savings on a digital wallet. Use it only for "liquid" assets which you might spend or trade. Keep your savings etched onto stainless steel and well stashed. Never enter the phrase into a *connected* machine, which includes anything connected over USB.
@_date: 2019-09-01 08:40:47
Mostly optimistic, and understanding that technology takes time to develop. The potential for LN is huge, and probably much greater than most people realize. Developments to the core bitcoin protocol, such as Schnorr, Taproot and SIGHASH_NOINPUT, will greatly increase the possibilities for the LN and also improve its efficiency.
The way to consider LN, is not just as it currently defined, which is currently limited in scope - but more generally it is an open, extensible protocol for exchanging smart contracts between peers without central authorities. The core of LN essentially specifies an encrypted, authenticated transport protocol which can run on TCP or any other TCP-like streaming protocol. The authentication is handled by the elliptic-curve cryptography, the same as which secures bitcoin, which identifies a peer in the network by their public key. A gossip protocol then advertizes these nodes to all others, enabling peer discovery based purely on public keys, with no central authority or name service required. Once peers are discovered and connected to, the communication which can be performed between them is unlimited in scope - although only one basic type of smart contract negotiation is currently defined.
Additionally, LN provides an opportunity to transfer data between indirectly connected peers, by routing the information between peers who are directly connected to them, at the cost of a small fee measured in millisatoshis. This information is end-to-end encrypted, making the intermediaries who forward it only able to see who they received it from and who they are forwarding it to - with no knowledge who the sender and end recipient are, or what the data contains.
In the current LN specification, the data sent to others is payments for goods or services. The sender does not need to reveal their identity to make the payment, although the recipient must currently reveal their identity, which is pseudonymous, and their location can be hidden via a Tor hidden service.
It is likely that a future development will enable full sender-receiver anonymity, by using *rendevouz-routing*, which enables the recipient to also hide their identity and instead provide an encrypted forwarding instruction and the identity of some intermediary who can route the data anonymously, for a fee.
The bigger picture is that Lightning is going to enable the direct monetization of packets delivered over the internet. Instead of people building applications on "the web" where they monetize by pushing intrusive advertizements onto their users - who also lose privacy because the advertizers track their activity across the web - future application developers will take money directly from their users, and not involve third-party advertizers. Users will be paying for content with a base fee for the content itself, and a bandwidth fee measured in `mSat/MiB`, or something along those lines, which will depend on things such as the speed of delivery, and the number of hops involved to conceal who is sending and receiving. Anybody on the planet will be able to *invest* their spare resources (capital, bandwidth, storage) towards the network in attempt to earn fees. It will no longer be only giant centralized data farms, but a truly distributed internet.
Given that every packet can be monetized - a new era of building applications directly on LN will arise. People won't even consider building on TCP/IP directly because it limits the possibility of future monetization. Building directly onto the LN will enable instant monetization. No sign-up required. No monthly subscription. No bills. Direct payment for directly provided services. At this stage, operating system vendors will begin to provide LN implementations out of the box, so that developers on their platforms can readily build applications on top of the protocol.
Savvy individuals will begin to demand their employers start paying them directly per day, or per hour, or per minute of work, instead of receiving a lump-sum at the end of the month or week, which will now be possible as data packets which can be directly monetized. Businesses will start moving away from weekly/monthly reconciliations towards absolute real-time accounting. Money will become completely elastic and good and services will move away from being measured in absolute monetary terms, but in terms of monetary velocity (`mSat/s`). A future account will estimate the `mSat/s` of accounts receivable and the `mSat/s` of accounts payable. The difference between these velocities will be able to readily determine how profitable a company is and is going to be in the short term. In order to increase profit, a company will work towards decreasing the velocity of accounts payable and increasing the velocity of accounts receivable. All services will be negotiated by their *rate*, rather than absolute cost. Physical goods will still be have an absolute cost, but that cost will be converted to a *rate* for accounting purposes.
If people think LN is just going to be some simple replacement for making bog-standard transactions, they are severely mistaking how much of a game changer it is going to be.
Your future salary isn't going to be measured in `$/y`, but `mSat/s`. You will be paid for each minute of work. The best companies will offer the highest `mSat/s` rate for the most skilled workers, with guarantees that they'll be paid for every minute worked - no unpaid overtime. From the employer's perspective, this also means no paying for minutes that employees turn up late, leave early, or take additional breaks. Your bills will be paid in `mSat/s`, and you will measure the cost of goods in `mSat/s`, which will give you a direct perspective on how much *time* you are trading for some goods. A loaf of bread, for example, might cost *3 minutes*. A car might cost *5 months*. When people think of goods in the cost of time, they will develop a lower time preference and reduce impulsive spending, as well as increase eagerness to work, which many a socialist is reluctant to do.
@_date: 2019-09-21 17:29:03
LN is a peer-to-peer network. All users are peers to some other node. Your peers are just the other users you connect to or open channels with. There is no "server" which mediates any connection. Peers in LN communicate gossip information about other peers on the network, and instructions for opening, closing channels, and forwarding onion encrypted payments on behalf of other peers.
The IP:port information for other nodes is communicated as gossip over the connections you have with other peers (and additionally using DNS to bootstrap).
When you connect to clearnet peers over LN, you still use their IP:port, but you do not connect to them directly. Instead, the information is routed over Tor, and an eventual exit node in the Tor network will establish the connection to the clearnet node. The downside to this is that the clearnet node will not be able to establish a connection back to your node if it disconnects, and it is entirely up to your node to reconnect to any peers which you had open channels with.
@_date: 2019-09-10 13:44:58
Your line of thinking is precisely the problem. You think Bitcoin is a just innovation in technology and that something else can simply come along which is "better tech."
That's not really the case. Bitcoin is first and foremost an innovation in economics. The technological innovation is secondary to that.
Bitcoin introduced, for the first time in history, a permanent fix for inflation on savings. The predetermined supply and gradual creation of new bitcoin means this is set in stone indefinitely. Nobody can create new bitcoin "out of thin air."
It's *because* bitcoin was the first, that this concept can only possibly apply to bitcoin, because anything which comes after Bitcoin has one of two options: Stick with bitcoin's non-inflationary model by provably pegging the tokens 1-1 to bitcoin, or, *reintroduce* inflation by printing new tokens "out of thin air."
All shitcoins are the latter. This includes dollars and pounds and euros. By definition, any money that can be created out of thin air is a shitcoin. All "crypto" is shitcoins. **Only Bitcoin cannot be created out of thin air.**
The entire concept of a new "cryptocurrency" implies that they are printing new money out of thin air. They are **objectively worse** than Bitcoin from the very start because they reintroduce inflationary economics.
This doesn't mean Bitcoin is the be and end all in terms of technology, but any new technology can be built by creating a 1-1 peg to Bitcoin, and you can have "better tech" whilst retaining the non-inflationary innovation of Bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-09-28 06:20:07
Also, it is not hindsight but foresight. The names give it away.
Bitcoin isn't a gamble. A hodler is somebody who is investing in a future of lower time preference and unconfiscatable money.
ETH is pure gamble. Fantasy use cases, inflation, more high time preference and money which can be confiscated by the cult leader.
Smart money versus dumb money.
People who have lots of money can throw shit against the wall and see what sticks. There's nothing insightful about them hitting lucky when **one** of them pays off.
@_date: 2019-09-19 04:19:14
The world works that way *because* of government regulations which grant them a monopoly on those services and prevent the emergence of competitors in the private sector.
If the government got out of the way, all of those services would be provided cheaper and to a higher standard, because the market would weed out the inefficient. Government would simply not be able to compete in **any** service whatsoever, because they don't have the right incentives which private enterprise does.
@_date: 2019-09-19 13:43:28
No, they pay for space.
There is limited space in upcoming blocks, and the incentives cause miners to order transactions by highest paying fees.
Of course you are paying for space. You are paying to be prioritized for some of the limited space. Eventually, 1sat/B will be insufficient to ever clear a transaction. Unless you will be willing to pay more, you will **never** obtain a piece of block space for your transaction.
Swallow it up.
@_date: 2019-09-26 05:34:36
Even that would be stupid. The correct thing to do would be to get a mortgage and pay monthly. In the 15+ years it takes you to repay the mortgage, the price of Bitcoin will appreciate 10x, 100x or 1000x. The added interest from taking out a mortgage rather than flat out buying will be negligible.
@_date: 2019-09-18 07:02:29
Ira Kleiman called his bluff.
The lawsuit was based on Craig's own claims of being Satoshi, no evidence provided.
@_date: 2019-09-22 16:38:28




What the hell do you think he is referring to, if not banks?
@_date: 2019-09-30 16:50:33
Not on its own. Schnorr still requires a multisig scheme like MuSig. The main problems though, are the need for interactive key creation or interactive signing. In the case of small networks like payment channels, this is feasible because only a few parties are involved. In the case of a sidechain, assuming that many parties are using it, then the probability of one of them being offline at any time increases and makes the interactive signing problematic.
Channel factories and developments based on it will likely be the sweet spot. They can support multiple users, save lots of space on-chain via use of Schnorr and MuSig, and in the event of inactivity of any peer in this network, the factory can be closed by any single party in it, with funds correctly allocated to all of the parties as a regular lightning channel.
@_date: 2019-09-10 19:52:39
Should happen automatically. Have you checked the android system settings for the notification permission?
@_date: 2019-09-18 02:10:24
Stop using Google News. Simples
Also stop using Google services altogether. They are your enemy.
@_date: 2019-09-22 07:27:12
And his solution is to drop banks and the existing banking model.
@_date: 2019-09-26 21:15:08
The paper mentions dandelion. It isn't a replacement but can complement it. In dandelion, transactions are not broadcast until they've gone through several hops. The eventual hop which does the broadcast, or receives the broadcast, would then use Erlay for set reconciliation.
@_date: 2019-09-25 21:14:31
If code is exploited and the machine is compromised, you cannot make assumptions about the extent to which information can be leaked. Assume the worst case scenario - that the entire contents of memory may be leaked. This might include some Rowhammer based attack, which would bypass assumptions you're making about the security properties of the processor.
The Trezor and Ledger are (afaik) nothing more than general purpose microprocessors running general purpose code. The same memory module which hosts the USB code also holds private keys. There is no separate isolated memory for keys and no cryptographic coprocessor.
If you isolate a device to only using camera/QR for communication, then not only do you need physical access to exploit the device, but you also need physical access to retrieve information from it - via the only output medium it has - the LCD. This is very different to a USB connected device, which if exploited, has no limit to how much data may be transmitted back to an attacker via the host machine.
I'm not suggesting that the devices are exploitable or that anybody using them need to be concerned. I'm suggesting you don't throw all your eggs in one basket.
Use these devices for currency. Use non electronic media for savings. Very hard to get wrong this way.
@_date: 2019-09-26 11:52:29
Bitcoin has been on permanent sale since day 1.
The real value of Bitcoin is not it's USD exchange rate. The exchange rate is a performance indicator of how far we are away from hyperbitcoinization, which is the point at which there is no exchange rate because nobody will ever accept USD as payment for Bitcoin because the paper is worthless.
The real value of a bitcoin is simply 1/21,000,000 of the total supply of the global monetary standard. This value won't change after the subsidy has expired. Any change to the exchange rate simply means that the dollar is losing value. Bitcoin's value is constant (almost).
@_date: 2019-09-28 04:48:34
Then don't use them.
Try to find an in-person exchange with hodlhodl or something instead.
@_date: 2019-09-18 19:57:08
The first 2 of these aren't really "alternatives." They are more accurately "the same tired old shit."
@_date: 2019-09-01 14:12:31
I mean a worker who is in demand, and can negotiate their own terms of contract. Not a minimum-wage earner who relies on the State to set the terms of his employment, who is usually easily replaceable.
@_date: 2019-09-09 11:24:05


It is very expensive for every small business to handle cash themselves. The costs can be reduced by industrializing it and letting businesses get on with their own business rather than wasting time on trivial penny counting.


The cost is ultimately externalized further to banks. A bank must also do the coin counting and any discrepancies between what the security company declares and what is counted to be true will be deducted from their accounts. They will need to price such risks into their exchange rate. This isn't a big problem because funny money is only a tiny fraction of coins and the vast majority are legitimate payments.
A well trained neural-network will far exceed the ability of any human to detect funny money.


You're still in old world thinking. Fiat is extremely volatile compared to the monetary reference rate. $10,000 taken in the morning can be $9,000 equivalent in the afternoon. 1BTC taken in the morning is 1BTC in the afternoon.
Bitcoin has no volatility. It is entirely dollar volatility.
You're not being imaginative enough.
@_date: 2019-09-01 11:35:09
Interesting, but I don't think the problem is insurmountable.
Firstly, most of the accounting work is going to be done by software itself, which is connected to the lightning network, and will handle most, if not all of the transactions being done. The user will not be expected to keep a mental log of all the transactions they are making, but will be instead provided with intuitive interfaces to understand which services have a high monetary velocity, where they can be improved, and whether they are really worth the consumer's *time*.
The second part of overcoming the hurdle is that the consumer shouldn't *need* to think in accounting terms, but they should be able to think in *time*. IMO, it could become *more intuitive* to simply determine how much *time* some good or service is going to cost you because you know how much effort you put into laboring. When faced with the possibility of impulsively buying some gadget for the equivalent of $100, the consumer will instead be seeing something like 100mSat/h, which, if their income velocity is 20msat/h, after tax they can quickly determine that ~5 hours of labour is purchasing the product. (Or the software will display this to them if they scan it.)
If trading goods for time, the consumer's "balance" might be conveyed to them in terms of hours they have remaining. Each hour of work will add to the balance, and each purchase will take a chunk from it. Their monetary obligations such as rent, electricity, phone bills, insurance, social security, vehicle tax, pension and other subscriptions will be automatically deducted from the operating balance, such that they don't need to expend mental energy on worrying *how much* they have to spend this week/month. Instead, they will only need to revisit their existing subscriptions once in a while and determine whether they're worth keeping, replacing, or revoking. The software will manage most of the rest, reporting to the user how much "free money" (time) they have, and whether they should exchange some of that leisure time for labour time, which might improve their economic freedom.
The mental burden on the consumer should be *reduced*, because they won't need to manually calculate how much of each paycheck is going to be spent on all of the above, and then how much they have left over to pay for food, drink, investment, gambling, saving etc.
Consider how businesses operate. A business has *many* small transactions, usually which are automatically logged by a teller machine or other software interface. The business managers do not need to concern themselves with the individual transactions as this would be a high mental cost. Instead, they rely on the accountant and accounting systems to provide them with *reports* on accounts receivable, accounts payable, assets, expenditures and liabilities. The accounting system aggregates a large number of transactions for them, which they can drill down into if they need to find more detailed information.
A user's lightning wallet will effectively be a full fledged accounting system. Consumers will begin to think like business managers and accountants, in terms of assets, liabilities and equity. They'll need to be taught from an early age how such accounting is done, rather than the old way of counting coins and paper notes, which will be *just as abstract* to a future generation, who grows up in a cashless economy.
This won't happen overnight, but will be a gradual transition. It will be necessary to convert to a *time* based accounting system in order to overcome the mental burden of accumulating small individual payments. Given that the future generations will only have an abstract idea of money because they have no physical cash like we have grown up with to compare it to, this might not be as difficult to overcome as the article suggests.
@_date: 2019-09-11 20:01:14
Yes, it is precisely that.
The coins are all created at the moment of inception of the chain and its rules. All bitcoin was *created* on 2009-01-03. The mining operation potentially *releases* new coins, initially up to 50 per block and halving every 210000 blocks. These rules for the release of Bitcoin are set in stone and immutable.
The difference between Bitcoin and others is that it was *necessary* to create tokens in Bitcoin because there existed nothing of the kind prior to Bitcoin.
All other shitcoins do not exist in that same frame. They exist in a world where Bitcoin already exists. The fix for inflation already exists!
That means that creation of new coins, which happens on the inception of a new blockchain, is *inflation*, by design. New "crypto" does not create new wealth. It creates new tokens among which the finite amount of wealth in the world is divided among.
Those inflationary coins cannot possibly compete with Bitcoin, which does not allow creation of new bitcoin. Those coins exist outside of the Bitcoin system, alongside other shitcoins like dollars and euros.
*Only Bitcoin* cannot be created out of thin air since 2009-01-03. Any other coin, be it crypto, or fiat, is created out of thin air, since they are not backed by Bitcoin, which is the first, and only currency which provided the permanent fix for inflation.
Bitcoin already exists, just like the wheel. You can't invent the wheel a second time. You can only improve the wheel with better design. Bitcoin can be improved upon in many ways, but the only way to *improve* Bitcoin is to retain its permanent inflation fix, which means developing technologies which are 1-1 Bitcoin backed. Technologies which introduce new inflation as part of their design are *objectively inferior* to Bitcoin from the moment they are released.
@_date: 2019-09-01 09:33:43
People will realize very quickly how important it is to backup their credentials, and also divide the credentials up with redundancy (using multisig transactions, Shamir's secret sharing, etc).
Loss will be very rare, except small amounts. The loss of coins will only serve to decrease supply but does not decrease demand. This likely means that all other hodlers of Bitcoin benefit by having increased purchasing power, with the only losers being the few who have the misfortune of losing their coins, or those who had no coins to begin with and now need to expend more resources into acquiring them.
@_date: 2019-09-28 03:38:52
Don't use coinbase.
I suggest using an ATM if possible. Try to find one near you on [coinatmradar](
@_date: 2019-09-01 12:33:56


No. You can't "invent the wheel" a second time.
Bitcoin happened to permanently fix inflation.
You can never achieve this fix a second time: attempting to do so causes inflation.
Only by designing a system where tokens are 1-1 backed by real Bitcoin can you retain the non-inflationary character of Bitcoin. Any cryptocurrency which attempts to undermine bitcoin's inflation fix is henceforth known as a **shitcoin**.
@_date: 2019-09-10 13:57:54
Monero isn't a serious coin, but it is very interesting technology.
Ultimately, inflation will kill it, like everything other than Bitcoin.
There is certainly some practical use for Monero in the mean time, but eventually you will be able to achieve a sufficient level of privacy on Bitcoin that Monero will be unnecessary.
@_date: 2019-09-26 09:28:37
Bitcoin can't crash. You must really have no understanding of economics if you still believe this to be the case.
Bitcoin can only go up in value. Short term fluctuations are missing the wood for the trees.
@_date: 2019-09-01 10:20:07
Kind of, but it won't be a problem.
On the Lightning Network, transactions are measured in *millisatoshis*. This will probably be sufficient for some time, but in the event that even a millisatoshi becomes an economical unit, a future technology may enable transacting in microsatoshis, or smaller.
All it means is that fewer on-chain payments will occur and they will be of higher value, so as to maximize the value:fee ratio. An on-chain transaction will be an aggregate transaction of many off-chain transactions, where each individual off-chain transaction contributes a fraction of the total fee paid on-chain.
@_date: 2019-09-18 07:43:49
But in the real world, some people have low IQs, and need things explained to them in minutia for them to grasp a concept.
Some people's IQs are so low that they don't grasp it even after being wholly explained to them several times, because the Dunning-Kruger effect comes in to play and they think they've come up with something better.
@_date: 2019-09-28 05:47:01
If you bet on two horses, Lightning Laulu and Slow Poke Joe, and the first one comes in, but the second one loses, you might come out of the pair of bets better off than you went in, but that is owed 100% to Laulu and 0% to Joe.
Betting on Joe was 100% lossy.
@_date: 2019-09-26 10:14:38


Incorrect. Most "blockchain" are alterable using trivial amounts of computing power which can be rented.
Only a very small number of "blockchain" are sufficiently distributed and exhausting enough electricity to be considered immutable.
Of those few, even fewer of those are easily audited. ETH for example, is impossible for regular users to sync to the tip of the chain. Some of the currencies which offer privacy features cannot even be audited for their total token supply.
Of course, the only "blockchain" project that really matters is Bitcoin. Some others are interesting for their cryptographic research, but not for their monetary properties.
Bitcoin is about money. "Blockchain" is about technology.
Some people don't realize that the former is far more interesting and wide reaching. It permeates nearly every aspect of our lives. "Blockchain" is just a kind of database.
@_date: 2019-09-18 07:12:20
I don't think we'll need to wait anywhere near that long. The wealth that will be created due to Bitcoin is immeasurable. It will enable trade on an unprecedented scale and will quickly wipe out inefficiencies in the market by bypassing the State and its backward regulations.
On top of that, it will completely lower people's time preference and enable the accumulation of capital which is almost impossible in today's debt driven economy. As we know, *capital* (not spending) is necessary for investment, which leads to the creation of new wealth. Early Bitcoin adopters (who happen to be good with money) will have the ability to make investments into long term wealth generating projects and will not be purely driven to turn over a profit in 6 months or collapse due to stifling debt.
The throwaway culture of today will be replaced with one more like that seen in the second half of the 19th century. People will build things to withstand time, using the best materials and craftsmen. Cheap junk gadgets will not find a market because people would rather hold onto their bitcoin, which will appreciate in value, than hold onto junk which won't last more than a few years.
@_date: 2019-09-19 04:12:59
Stop using the word "crypto". It's short for cryptography, and most people are not interested or clued up enough to understand it.
The word is "bitcoin." Only this word matters. "Crypto" can only add confusion because it implies scams. All "crypto" is scams. People don't want to go anywhere near it, and they think Bitcoin is part of it.
There is Bitcoin, and there are Shitcoins (what you call "crypto").
This is the message that laymen need to hear. You can explain to them why Bitcoin and not Shitcoins is to do entirely with monetary policy and not "crypto" or "cool tech" which they don't understand.
They can understand that when the government prints new money, their purchasing power is decreased because the price of all goods goes up.
If you can communicate that *this* is the problem which Bitcoin intends to solve, then they don't need to get overwhelmed with the parts they don't understand. They can learn piece by piece.
"Crypto" does not fix the infinite printing because "crypto" has infinitely printable tokens.
**Only Bitcoin** fixes the problem.
@_date: 2019-09-10 19:45:03
Samourai wallet
@_date: 2019-09-18 19:51:15
BitPay is technical debt.
@_date: 2019-09-26 10:59:34


Cost to attack




Doesn't exist


@_date: 2019-09-09 13:36:36
Bitcoin already is the standard!
Most people just have not realized it.
If you go to a pub in Britain and ask for a pint, you'll quickly realize that it is half the size of a pint in Canada. What gives?
In both England and Canada, there is a legal requirement that a proper pint of required volume is served when asked for, but how do they work this out?
Is a British pint defined as half a Canadian pint? Is a Canadian pint defined as twice a British pint?
Of course, neither, at least, not anymore. They are both defined in terms of litres. The litre is the standard, because 1L == 1L, wherever you are. There is no "local" litre. Yet if you visit a British pub, you never ask for 568ml of beer - you ask for a pint.
Money is the same. Until Bitcoin, there did not exist a standard unit which is immutable. $1 != $1. £1 != £1. The money is local and volatile.
Bitcoin is global and 1 BTC = 1 BTC, or rather, 1 BTC is 1/21000000 of the maximum possible bitcoin supply. Although the precise maximum supply is a bit less due to various provably lost or unspendable amounts.
The point is that, BTC is a reference rate which anybody can independently quantify how much a given amount is of the maximum possible supply in existence. Two parties at opposite ends of the world can agree that this is fixed, without having to communicate external information besides what is public on the blockchain. The same way that two independent parties can measure a litre as being the volume taken by 1kg of water at maximum density and atmospheric pressure, they do not need to communicate to ensure they're both talking about the same litre.
Fiat moneys are like pints. They might have some agreed upon quantity locally and temporally, but this value changes unpredictably with time and location. No reference rate can exist among fiat monies. Bitcoin **already is** the reference rate, which is immutable. The quantity of other currencies is a measure of how much Bitcoin they can be exchanged for at a given time.
@_date: 2019-09-18 02:17:52
Google is the enemy of free people. They are not your friend.
Nor is Reddit, but at least Reddit has the ability for me to communicate with you without me having to reveal my identity to them. I sign up without email and mask my IP. I can utilize this platform to educate dumb people on the problems of surveillance without having to give up my privacy to do so.
Very few such places still remain on the internet. I suspect it won't be long before Reddit is completely bought out by China and that becomes the case here also.
@_date: 2019-09-28 03:48:03
No KYC, meaning nobody will know you own the bitcoin.
You need to have plausible deniability of Bitcoin ownership. Take a look at what the US government did to gold owners in 1933 to understand why.
You will also end up paying taxes on your profits. The premium an ATM charges to transfer bitcoin will eventually turn into a *saving* because you've not declared how much you have.
@_date: 2019-09-19 04:28:18
You have probably never even attempted to think about how a society could operate without a government monopoly on courts or jails. You simply project that *the way things are* is *the way things must be*. Your imagination is severely impaired! I suggest cutting out Sugar and moving onto a diet of pure Meat &amp; animal fats.
@_date: 2019-09-09 10:14:57
It isn't that 51% is impossible - it is that it doesn't matter even if somebody does gain 51% because they only gain the ability to double-spend their own coins, or cause temporary denial-of-service to the bitcoin network by deliberately omitting transactions. Both of these are simple to detect and would lead to immediate reputation damage, and then nobody would accept money from those miners as it has the real risk of being double-spent - meaning they would need to sell at a discount compared to the market rate, and would drastically reduce profitability for the miner, if not put them in the red.
The incentive model means that it is a miner's best interest to play by the rules, because diverging from the rules reduces their profitability. There is little to gain from attempting to break the rules, because double-spending their own money or causing temporary denial-of-service has no meaningful and lasting effect on the network, and it comes at cost to the miner, who could otherwise be profiting.
The cost of a prolonged denial-of-service would run into millions of dollars per day. This will probably be hundreds of millions per day by the time any state manages to successfully orchestrate the attack. It would make them bankrupt very quickly.
The users of Bitcoin are sovereign over the validation of their own transactions and miners only facilitate the agreement of which chain is the best one within the rules which the sovereign users of Bitcoin accept. There is ultimately a "nuclear" option, in which sovereign Bitcoin users could change the hash algorithm used to accept blocks and bankrupt those responsible for attacking the network. This would also teach a valuable lesson to a future attacker who might attempt to consolidate too much hashing power, as they would find it more profitable to sell the mining equipment instead, where the risk is passed onto the buyer of the hardware.
It is likely that the nuclear option will never be necessary because there is enough incentive for honest, profitable miners to forever outpace the ability of states to attempt such an unprofitable attack.
@_date: 2019-09-26 05:56:20
It is stupid. It isn't about "maximizing profits", but about "retaining value". Bitcoin can retain value because 1BTC = 1BTC. Houses do not necessarily retain value because more can be built. They can gain value because laws can be made restricting the development of properties, pushing the prices up due to increased demand.
The issue with buying a house outright is that you are *locking up* all of that value on time of purchase in the house, whereas obtaining a mortgage allows you to have liquid capital for the duration of the mortgage, which gives you much greater economic mobility, on top of appreciating in value far more than the house will during the same time.
But lets be clear, owning a house does not necessarily make it yours forever. If the state wants your home, it isn't your home anymore.
OTOH, Bitcoin will always remain your Bitcoin, unless you're stupid enough to tell people how much you have and enable them to take it from you using rubberhose cryptanalysis.
@_date: 2019-09-13 17:36:13
This isn't new. The trend is trolling the fake outrage mob, and it apparently works like a charm every time.
@_date: 2019-09-11 09:28:06
Litecoin, for example, has a fixed supply of 84M tokens, but Litecoin did not exist in a vacuum at the time of its creation. It existed in a world where Bitcoin already existed. The fix for inflation was already there, and by introducing 84M new tokens, Charlie Lee, the first shitcoin creator, cause *inflation* of the combined supply of Bitcoin + Litecoin tokens, or what we might collectively call "crypto."
Bitcoin itself was inflationary at the time of creation, but there existed nothing of the kind before it, so this was a necessary inflation as part of the invention. All 21M bitcoins were created by Satoshi at the time he released Bitcoin. He programmed it so they would be released gradually. No new bitcoins have been created since 2009-01-03.
There is a finite amount of liquid wealth (capital) in the world, and each time new tokens are created out of thin air, the portion of the capital represented by each token declines. Since "crypto" must be "all inclusive" according to its proponents, and anybody can create one, then we can extrapolate that there will be *infinite* tokens. The creation of new tokens, however, does not lead to a creation of new capital. Capital is still finite. If you divide a finite amount of capital among an infinite amount of tokens, what do you have?
Your tokens are worthless.
Only by rejecting "crypto," which is inflationary economics 2.0, can people have long term security for their savings. This means everyone with any sense who wants to *accumulate capital* must choose Bitcoin Maximalism, because only under Bitcoin Maximalism can their savings not be depreciated by the trigger fingers of stupid developers and scammers.
Under Bitcoin Maximalism, the finite amount of capital in the world is split between 21M tokens. Although it is finite, it does increase due to human labor. This means that the global wealth will increase whilst the maximum number of tokens remains fixed. It only goes to say, that the amount of wealth each token will represent will appreciate over time as new wealth is created. Making it also a good investment, even though investment is not the primary purpose - securing capital is.
You can have all the fun you want with your "good tech" and scams, and if people are foolish enough to buy your useless tokens, so be it. I'll just sit with my popcorn in amusement as holders of heavy shitcoin bags no longer have a greater fool to buy them, because they never had any value to begin with. All "crypto" has been created out of thin air. All new "crypto" is created out of thin air. There is no wealth creation. There are zero valued tokens being speculated on.
Capital flight will go towards Bitcoin and each "crypto" token will be tradeable for a smaller and smaller amount of Bitcoin until people will no longer pay anything for them.
This isn't *religion*, but a clear understanding of economics and human behaviour. Anybody who is acting in their own personal interest, who wishes to store savings, will do so by putting them into Bitcoin, unless they are *tricked* into investing in inflationary tokens. People might buy shitcoins and learn the hard way, and the next time round they'll figure they went wrong, and in order to not repeat their mistakes, will go all-in Bitcoin.
All capital is savings.
Bitcoin is the only tool which allows savings to retain value over time.
@_date: 2019-09-22 07:38:26
Use `netstat -lp` to see which ports are being listened on locally.
Also, check an external source which publishes LN gossip information to make sure your node isn't broadcasting your clearnet IP as part of its gossip.
@_date: 2019-09-19 21:04:54
You mentioned **storage** space, not me.
I was talking about block space, which may or may not be stored, but is certainly part of the globally accepted blockchain.
The fee pays for space in a block.
@_date: 2019-09-28 03:28:35
The main hurdle is the *cost* of setting up. The costs are time, skill level, resource requirements (dedicated always-online computer) and capital.
Once set up, transacting is very simple, very fast and low cost. However, there are maintenance issues due to the liquidity limitations of lightning channels, so users currently need to have some knowledge of its operation in order to correctly manage liquidity sufficient for receiving and sending payments.
@_date: 2019-09-18 19:54:23
Nope, you're being delusional.
Alt season was 2017.
There are still heavy bagholders who need some greater fool to offload their shit onto. Generating hype cycles is part of their loss minimization strategy. They've already made incredible losses. If they'd just stacked sats, they'd have accrued far more value.
You're the greater fool, unfortunately.
@_date: 2019-09-01 12:07:11


Yes, this is how it currently works. You are expected to find the route yourself. In future, this may not be as feasible, and you may need to delegate part of the route finding to some other node (using for example rendevouz-routing), for a fee.


A route doesn't change, but some nodes may go offline, or not have the required liquidity to route your payment. In this case, you should get back a response indicating that the payment cannot be made and that you need to try an alternative route, avoiding the problem nodes from the previous attempts. If a payment is revoked early in such way, no funds are locked up, meaning alternative routes can be immediately tried.


All payments in lightning are *conditional*. The condition that the payment gets released is that the recipient must surrender a preimage of a payment hash before a timeout occurs. If the recipient does not surrender the preimage and witholds the payment, you can choose to close your channel which will result in the funds returning to your wallet after some delay.


There is the possibility that funds could be temporarily locked up for a period if one party becomes unresponsive or malicious. One would need to consider that risk before making a payment of significant size, because it could eat up their liquidity until any timeout or locktime expires.
The locking up of funds will be undesirable because intermediate nodes routing payments will not be able to earn fees through failed payments. Locked up funds also means that their liquidity will be reduced until the locks expire. This means that all intermediate nodes have a strong incentive to be peers with other high availability nodes and to blacklist nodes which are known to be problematic. The core of the network will be high-availability nodes managed by people who make an effort to profit from it.
My expectations are that Lightning will move towards being a network of many small payments. The individual payments will be of insignificant value, so if they happen to get temporarily locked up, it will not cause much hardship for the consumer. Nodes should have sufficient fault tolerance by having numerous open channels, and not rely on just one or two which could go offline. 
Larger payments may be problematic - but there are alternative options to the LN for achieving them, such as sidechains, or use of temporary custodians or escrows, and various other technologies. Many of these can integrate with the LN protocols, using different kinds of smart contracts. As I described above, LN is *more general* than the current way it is implemented. It is a series of protocols rather than a single one. Other technologies can reuse some of the protocols, but not use the HTLC implementation of routing payments through intermediaries.
@_date: 2019-09-21 17:39:25
Those words don't explicitly appear, but he was implicitly conveying the message.








@_date: 2019-09-11 09:35:01
Why is anybody still using this trash when they could be using BTCPayServer and have complete sovereignty over their finances?
Scrap it now!
@_date: 2019-09-25 20:38:41
Those can't be *remotely* exploited. They require physical access to the device!
A device connected over USB to an internet connected host is a **hot wallet**, which a chain of exploitable bugs could be invoked to remotely leak keys without anybody ever seeing or touching the physical device.
It's true that QR scanning and microSD card reading code could also contain exploitable bugs, but the attack surface is smaller, and both require physical access to the device.
Something like NFC would be in between, where you need physical proximity to the device, but not necessarily physical access.
Anyway, this isn't FUD but realism. I'm not suggesting that people don't use these devices, in fact, I highly encourage it and would discourage storing private keys on any smartphone. Just don't be a fucking idiot and store all of your savings on an electronic device.
@_date: 2019-09-09 08:08:38
How is the ATM going to know who to send the money to without inputting some kind of identifier anyway? You need to give it your node ID at minimum. If you are going to deliver that information anyway, why not just deliver a full invoice?
LND already supports invoiceless transactions (spontaneous payments).
The way to improve UX is to use NFC instead, with QR scanning as a backup only. Since NFC allows 2 way communication, it could signal the amount to your app to automatically fill in the required information for the invoice, with the user only needing to hit an accept button before the smartphone signs the invoice and transmits it back to the ATM.
@_date: 2019-09-26 09:41:42
Maybe institutional money isn't too smart eh?
There is only risk if you are trying to trade for short term gains. Speculation is whether you're going to profit in 6-12 months.
There is no risk in long term hodling. Bitcoin can only go up over longer terms.
Think about it. Bitcoin already exists. Imagine going back to a world where Bitcoin doesn't exist? Yeah, never going to happen. Try imagining a world without internet. The progress of technology is only forward, and Bitcoin is at the forefront. It takes a clear understanding of economics and technology to be ahead of the game, and very few people have both.
Those who have only one or neither are speculators trying to profit from hearsay and hype. They don't actually understand anything about the fundamentals. Very dumb money, but also useful for accelerating the inevitable growth of Bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-09-11 10:42:56
Not all investment needs to see a quick and immediate monetary ROI. Consider the building of railways in the 19th century. Massive investment, mostly private, with no quick ROI, but years or decades until profit can be made.
Not only were they massively profitable over the long term, they created unquantifiable wealth for humanity by enabling freedom of movement on scales never previously possible.
This kind of investment will be possible after hyperbitcoinization. The people who bought bitcoin early will have significant capital to invest in infrastructure like never seen. They won't depend on the State, as is the case now.
Buying now is still early. We've got 100x-1000x growth still to come over the next few of decades.
@_date: 2019-09-18 17:47:02
One person's spam is another person's utility. Bitcoin doesn't care what the content or purpose of transactions are for.
If it isn't to your liking, pay higher fees and make it unaffordable for them.
This will most likely happen anyway. They're creating themselves an unsustainable business model because they won't be able to afford the fees later on.
As usual, the market will resolve the issue.
Throwing tantrums like nocoiners do will not solve anything.
@_date: 2019-09-09 12:32:45
It won't have a chance to plummet because it has already been established as the global monetary standard. There is no replacement. The value can't decline because 1BTC will remain 1BTC. Other currencies are not going to appreciate relative to Bitcoin because they are merely antique methods of facilitating trade.
Bitcoin has already won. Its users will do whatever is necessary to ensure its longevity and eliminate the possibility of regressing back to fiat money. If this requires a change in PoW due to some unavoidable attack - it will happen.
@_date: 2019-09-25 04:55:30
[Time traveller here](
Bitcoin didn't hit $100k until Q4 of 2021.
@_date: 2019-09-26 12:50:23
Demand has already reached a level where there are enough hodlers and sat stackers that will buy any dip, because they're clued up enough to realize that Bitcoin cannot possibly lose to the central bank scam of infinite inflation. The old system cannot possibly recover its reputation as being a reliable store of value. It is dead. Any saver who has a clue is already deeply invested in Bitcoin, and those who don't have a clue are invested in gold and other stocks.
Fiat money cannot store value. This is not even up for debate.
Bitcoin isn't guaranteed to get *new* (increased) demand, but it also doesn't need it. It is working perfectly fine with the demand it has. Even if the exchange rate drops, it will still be producing a block every 10 minutes on average, and people will be using it to free themselves from despots.
When nocoiners realize that Bitcoiners are all doing quite well, and their savings are not being unfairly taxed by a few percent every year, they too might question what they are doing wrong, and they can only come to the eventual conclusion that they need to get into Bitcoin to do it right. They might encounter a few scams (shitcoins) along the way, but will learn from these experiences.
@_date: 2019-09-19 21:51:35
He was talking out of his arse, because he was implying that there is some unfair advantage given to somebody, which is not the case. Everyone is in the same boat. It doesn't matter what size blocks are, or how much you pay per byte or vbyte. **Everyone pays the fucking same**. You do not disadvantage any one by reducing a block size, you disadvantage everyone equally. **Problem not solved**.
There was no problem to begin with.
There is no SPAM.
A transaction is a transaction.
@_date: 2019-09-09 17:01:06
Bitcoin is involatile. 1 BTC is always 1 BTC.
Dollars are volatile, and thus, the exchange rate of USD/BTC is very volatile.
Bitcoin is undervalued. The USD is very overvalued. The exchange rate will continue to be extremely volatile until this is reconciled. Adoption is only part of the process.
@_date: 2019-09-19 04:30:45
Here's how law enforcement could work in a *free society* (one where you aren't robbed to pay for your own prison guards)
@_date: 2019-09-19 19:24:52
If it is a standard multisig, sharing the public keys is sufficient for anybody to recreate the redeem script, because they would just need to attempt every permutation of the public keys until they get one with a matching hash.
You should make it simpler, and require that the public keys are placed in lexicographical order in the redeem script. Then sharing the public keys and signatures is sufficient for anybody to recreate and verify.
@_date: 2019-09-19 21:02:24
A public key, `Q`, is a point on an elliptic curve.
A private key, `d`, is a scalar integer value.
The public key is generated by with elliptic curve multiplication of base point of the elliptic curve, `G`, by the private key. `Q = d × G`
The "magic" here is that there **does not exist** a reverse division operation, `Q ÷ G`, on the elliptic curve which could enable recovery of the private key from only the public key and the base point, which are both known.
@_date: 2019-09-21 17:43:47


Information about other nodes and channels in the network, including the IP:port pairs for each publicly accessible node.


No, they see your public key. If you announce your .onion over the gossip network they may be able to match your public key to your .onion.


If the node doesn't accept incoming connections (say, due to firewall), then you will struggle to reestablish a connection and would need to close any channels you have with that peer, uncooperatively, which is costly.


If you have no channels open with the peers, there is no issue with disconnecting from them.
@_date: 2019-09-22 07:25:14
The .onion is learned from gossip. The public key is transferred to the peer as part of the authentication stage (BOLT / Noise_XK protocol).
Gossip about nodes for which no channel information is known is usually dropped/ignored. Meaning, unless you have public open channels, you will not be "seen" to the wider network. This is a DDoS prevention, as anybody could spin up many nodes in attempt to overwhelm the network, but opening many channels is much more difficult because it requires funds to be committed to each channel.
It is possible to have a node with no address information, meaning only outbound connections can be made from it.
@_date: 2019-09-01 10:58:41
Well, the universe will end some day, but why would we waste our mental efforts worrying about it?
Consider some historical artifacts, like the Flood Tablet (Epic of Gilgamesh). Since its discovery, there has been a concerted effort to preserve the artifact, as well as create virtual replicas of it, such that its historical significance can be recognized in perpetuity. We can safely say that, the tablet is *more likely* to withstand the test of time under the proper human care-taking than it would otherwise, under nature.
This will be the case for Bitcoin too. The importance of securing assets will mean that they are transferred to the most competent caretakers of them, who will have the resources and procedures in place to ensure that they're safe from loss or theft.
Bitcoin is well-suited to making this possible without ever handing *custody* of the secured assets over to a caretaker, because it can be distributed over many partial-custodians, where no minority of those caretakers could collude to steal the funds, and where the funds are safe if one or several of the caretakers disappear. Additionally, this kind of security strategy can be adapted in real time to events which might weaken its security. If one party in a multisignature contract "disappears", the contract can be voided immediately by spending the transaction with the remaining participants and resetting it to a brand new contract, which could include another caretaker to take the place of the one who disappeared.
Those with significant holdings are going to work towards having such robust holdings because the costs of loss would be disastrous, and the cost of proper care-taking will be a drop in the ocean.
@_date: 2019-09-19 04:46:46
Schooling is kept under government control in order to churn out dumb fucks like yourself who won't question their authority.
What children need is education, not schooling.
Common Core/Common Purpose is pure indoctrination.
University graduates now leave the institution dumber than when they went in it.
We've seen the results of socialism reproduced all over the world. It doesn't work. It never works. It never has worked.
Only capitalism has enabled prosperity on a society wide scale.
Thankfully, Bitcoin fixes this, by preventing your socialist type from being able to steal people's wealth to pay for the services which they have effectively zero say in how their money is spent.
@_date: 2019-09-09 13:11:36


Bitcoin maximalism is still alive and thriving. Never been more bullish.
You just need to filter the shitcoin/scam noise and ignore their pleas for attention. Don't entertain them whatsoever, unless you are trolling them. "Toxic bitcoin maximalism" is a badge you should wear proudly and interact with fellow toximalists.
@_date: 2019-09-30 17:40:26
Bitcoin nodes don't know about the sidechain.
There are potentially infinite sidechains. Who decides which ones bitcoin users monitor in order to validate their main-chain transactions?
@_date: 2019-09-22 07:21:26


It's possible that a future LN upgrade will allow communicating the bitcoin transactions/block headers directly over LN though, which may have some benefits due to the LN transport being encrypted by default (unlike Bitcoin's P2P protocol).


Correct. They can see which IP is connected to them, but this gives no indication of who is actually connecting because it could be behind NAT, a proxy, Tor etc.
The public key is communicated through the Noise protocol, which uses 1.5 rounds of ECDH to authenticate the peer. If authentication succeeds, it reveals the other party's public key.


Not necessarily, but I would avoid running a node which is available over both clearnet and Tor. It is counterintuitive and possibly presents a security risk to other Tor users.
Stick to Tor only, and if necessary, use a separate clearnet node. You could establish a channel between the two to make them reachable by either Tor or clearnet.
@_date: 2019-09-26 11:31:32
I've just rounded the risk to the nearest integer, 0.
@_date: 2019-09-18 18:22:51
It's not an oversimplification, it just a simple statement of reality.
There is no spam in Bitcoin. Whoever pays the fees, or mines the blocks, has just as much right to the limited block space as anybody else who is going to pay the same. Those who pay more will be prioritized, those who pay less, will have to wait. That's just the way it is.
The block size does not matter here either. There is, or will be, effectively *infinite demand* for block space. Whether it is 250kiB, 1MiB or 4MiB, the space will get filled, and people will pay what needs to be paid to have their transactions included, or will need to adjust their business to produce fewer transactions to cut the fees.
What it means is Bitcoin is working perfectly fine. The market will wipe out inefficiencies and bad businesses. We don't need reality denying tantrums and suggestions of socialism (tyranny of the crowd) on Bitcoin. It is permissionless, and it needs to stay that way.
Reducing the block size can be useful for other reasons I've outlined above. It isn't going to fix anything in regards to "spam". If it costs more for "spammers" to include transactions, then it also costs more for you to include transactions. You've not gained any advantage, or reduced any "unfair advantage" of the people whose transactions you don't like.
@_date: 2019-05-13 20:25:03
The "protocol upgrade" for more divisibility is not as simple as it sounds, but it's unlikely it will be needed.
The Lightning Network already uses milli-satoshis as its unit of account. If a channel is closed and then the user will lose any sub-satoshi amounts they had and the unclaimed amounts (trivial number of satoshis) end up as part of the transaction fee.
@_date: 2019-05-01 08:47:00
The problem is you are trying to entertain the detractors by talking about mathematical solveability when it is a moot point and is merely aresenal for the attacks against LN.
There is no mathematical proof that you can make posts on Reddit. Any number of routers between you and the server could go offline at any time, and you wouldn't be able to access it. As much as you try, you're never going to find the "mathematical solution" that the trolls are demanding you find. It doesn't matter though, because Reddit has 99%+ uptime, and the intermediary routers along the way have a lot of fault tolerance.
All you need is the layman's version of "solved" - a strategy which works most of the time. LN already has this and it can scale with it. It will never please the detractors who will forever be waiting on the mathematical "solved."
There's also no solution to the Byzantine Generals Problem. Didn't stop Satoshi from sidestepping the quest for proof to make a practical application.
@_date: 2019-05-01 08:36:45
The heuristic would be to minimize fee payments.
You could also consider something like "best chance of success", if you have some kind of scoring or reputation system on nodes.
@_date: 2019-05-22 04:54:18
Your 12 character password has way less entropy than the seed phrase itself. You're simply reducing the security of it. Also, a 12 character password is not beyond the realm of brute forcing, particularly if it is alphanumeric characters, and more likely than not, containing one or more dictionary words.
Just don't! Do not store any electronic copy of your seed phrase on a machine which is connected to the internet.
Get a billfodl, cryptosteel or similar product, and stick your 24-seed phrase on it, then store it in a secure and hidden safe or safety deposit box at a secure location. Use a password in addition to your seed phrase for the small chance that the phrase it is compromised. Have a relative or a lawyer be custodian for the passphrase, so that your family may recover your money in the event something happens to you.
@_date: 2019-05-01 17:58:28
Improvement is welcome. Just don't waste your energy feeding BCash trolls.
Consider that we may never find a panacea for cancer, but that doesn't mean that developments in cancer treatment aren't worthwhile. Every development is a win.
The detractors want an "all or nothing." They are demanding a mathematical "solution" that doesn't exist, and then pointing to it as "unsolved" as an argument to convince laymen that Lightning cannot work, so that they can be manipulated into the bcash cult.
@_date: 2019-05-13 20:28:47
Square is not important for Bitcoin. If Square don't do it, somebody else will and will make Square irrelevant.
Title should read: "Why Bitcoin is so important for Jack Dorsey's Square".
@_date: 2019-05-10 14:30:04
But the purpose of their control of money is to profit from it, by adding the tax known as inflation. The central bank is a money making business.
If it costs them to assert control, this is counterproductive.
But even assuming they can produce a mining majority, the extent they can control Bitcoin is that they can attempt double spends of their own money, or can cause temporary denial-of-service. They're still powerless to issue new currency.
@_date: 2019-05-09 17:48:37
Actually Satoshi Nakamoto is Kaichou (creator of Perfect Dark, the successor to Winny).
How do I know this?
PD used the same software stack as the original bitcoin client: C++, openssl and wxWidgets.
Proof right there!
Winny was written with Borland's software stack.
@_date: 2019-05-12 12:01:57
With LN, the money for a service is paid directly to the service provider, with the only middlemen being routers, who take negligible fees.
A conversation is therefore, you sending money to the person you're talking to, and them sending the money back when they reply. It costs you transaction fees, but as long as the conversation is not completely one-sided, the money will balance out.
It will cost money to spam. If people don't like your shit they won't pay money to reply.
Conversations will become more meaningful because they have a cost. The "no-cost" platforms which sell ads will literally be the dregs of the internet which have the most meaningless and worthless content nobody is willing to pay to read.
@_date: 2019-05-13 20:04:04
There's no "spam" on the blockchain. If people are willing to pay he fees, they're as entitled to it as anybody else. Demand for block space is high, which is why the fee market must exist. If transactions were effectively free, there would be an infinite demand to fill up blocks of unlimited size, making it impossible to remain distributed.
MS is doing right by sticking to Bitcoin. Altcoins are a waste of space and won't exist in 10 years.