@_author: wiwicdiego
@_date: 2018-01-18 07:42:08
That's good, I definitely want to go tracking some guy down on a forum when I need to cash out
@_date: 2017-12-07 17:16:43
Yes it does work, it doesnt just push the problem one level deeper, keeping most of your coin in cold storage means you do not need to trust anyone with immediate access to it. The reason you don't do that multiple times across exchanges that have had thousands of coins "stolen" is because you're in on the theft and want it to happen every time.
@_date: 2017-12-07 19:26:32
I'll just quote myself then since it seems you are incapable of reading, and yes, it is aggravating speaking with you morons. You deliberately make it that way so you can tell lies on top of lies all to protect your own bitcoin assets, so dont act surprised.
e: Ah, got it. I'm in r/Bitcoin full of literal corporate trolls. My bad, carry on copy pasting shill text back and forth to each other








@_date: 2017-12-07 02:54:49
For one thing with every major theft they start passing small amounts out through tons of wallets in different chains before they ever transact any of it as cash. Some people have spent months following previous thefts only for it to end up leading nowhere. It won't fool investigators but nobody trading bitcoin is going to blacklist them.
@_date: 2017-12-20 21:28:46
Looks like they came out ahead on their arbitrage bet, thanks for all that windfall money miners! now get back to work
@_date: 2017-12-07 21:21:12


Wrong. Bitcoin is about to crash. To keep your money safe you should transact your bitcoins as cash immediately. It is not in any way safe in a secure wallet, no matter whether anyone can steal it from you. You are informing an inexperienced novice to do the exact opposite of what they should be doing because you are still attempting to convince yourself that price will HODL when that is impossible.
But then, I forgot I'm in r/Bitcoin so what else should I expect. Unsubbed, enjoy the fall.
@_date: 2017-12-07 17:31:51


The price fluctuations are out of your hands and will fuck you up too.
@_date: 2017-12-07 21:23:22


Oh my fucking god. **NICEHASH STOLE $60 MILLION DOLLARS FROM ITS USERS, THEY WERE NOT "EXPLOITED"**. How many fucking different ways do I have to say this to you before it gets through your thick skull. Bitcoin enthusiasts are 100% worse than Trump voters.


It wont, and yet this sub is PACKED FUCKING FULL with shills. So yes, you're correct here, the people who are right now actually doing this in reality are idiots.  Im not making it up, it goes on in this sub ALL THE TIME, specially on days like today, obviously, fucking dumbfuck dancing around in circles trying to lie about the truth and sweep it under the rug.
Its funny, you try to do these retarded sick burns on me at the end of your comment but it only shows you to be as childish as all the other bitcoin enthusiasts are. The people in r/btc are at least capable of understanding simple facts without trying to tell a series of fucking lies about them to defend some corporate money laundering scheme.
I feel bad for your clients they have to deal with such a complete fucking gullible idiot ready to fall for any line like a corporate stooge when all you have to do is fool them with entry level tech speak they dont understand to convince them youre even remotely capable of being their system admin.
@_date: 2017-12-07 19:18:14
NO, they were specifically asking if the way to protect their coin from being devalued by the impending cash is to store it in a secure wallet. This is an idiotic question to ask, but it is what they were asking, and you gave them basically exactly the misinformation they were hoping to hear where they still get to HODL their bitcoin even though the price is definitely about to crash and the only thing you should do is cash out anything you are not willing to lose IMMEDIATELY, you should NOT move it into a secure wallet where you will definitely lose all of it when the price does crash.
Here is their quote one reply up the chain:


To be honest with you its more aggravating speaking to bitcoin enthusiasts than it is with trump voters.
@_date: 2017-12-07 02:43:18
That the wallets can even be traced is a flaw in the system you can be sure already plenty of people on the regulatory end of the industry would only love to expose further, they don't need any help. If you don't accept coins from anyone deemed "dangerous" guess how many bitcoins remain of value.


This is only true if they aren't directly involved in the alleged hacks which for every story of a major bitcoin theft that has taken place so far you have to suspect otherwise.
@_date: 2017-12-07 02:57:05
That could get a small amount in the hot wallet and yes you have to trust the people with access to that. Why was the full amount stored in the hot wallet? "Security".
@_date: 2017-12-07 19:09:59


It has everything to do with it. For example, taken from another comment to this post: coinbase, a completely shitty example that nobody should be using as an exemplar, but unfortunately here we are and they are among the best we have to work with. They keep 2% in the hot wallet and that money is insured. What happened with nicehash and many other bitcoin companies who got "hacked" because their private keys werent firewalled properly (something you leave out of your description, but which is still irrelevant given that cold storage will protect you), couldnt even possibly happen to them. 
At most they lose the 2% from the hot wallet, nobody with money tied up in their online wallet gets hurt because it is insured, and there are some honestly sad stories to read here as there are every time this happens, and the persons with access to the hot wallet are suspects under investigation for theft.


This is WRONG. The key can be firewalled on a system not accessible from the internet where the transaction gets signed and then handed over to an online system to make the actual transaction. You're wasting your time sweeping the truth under the rug for thieves, the people who ran nicehash are THIEVES, NOT victims.


Because they are idiots who are easily distracted by people like you who deliberately bait them out with misinformation to protect your own bitcoin assets. Now I realize you are just a troll, you will not be receiving another reply from me.
@_date: 2017-12-07 18:47:08
WTF is your problem? Coin stored in a secure wallet is one step more removed from being able to cash out. The whole purpose is for it to maintain longterm value but here we are in a thread discussing the price about to crash and how to cash out quickly before that happens. You're lying to other people as a check to your own sanity about the impending crash. I'm really sick of people on reddit purposefully handing out misinformation.
@_date: 2017-12-07 17:24:00
No, moving your coin to a secure wallet will not make it possible to cash out when there is a crash.