@_author: wizardchap
@_date: 2018-01-16 21:19:32
All predictions are hypothetical, all opinions are subjective.
Plus some ambiguity in OP. I misread what you were askin for, thought it was weird that you were listing negative things that you wanted points to be based on.
It's all good friend
Moving on...
I feel like I can see this attack on BTC already. Lots of negative marketing on all media over the last few weeks. Headlines with keywords like "Korea" and "BTC" in the same sentences. 
And I say why?! Whyyyyy?!
@_date: 2018-01-02 21:28:54
Strong commitment! I hope for the best. I think the longer term has potential but she can be a wild ride
@_date: 2018-01-02 21:14:47
What often feels better is if you invest only a portion of your savings. 
Think about it this way, you could potentially invest MORe than the amount you have, through credit or leverage. Imagine how that would feel. But likewise you could also invest LESs than "all your savings"
Compare how both of those ideas make you feel and make a decision
@_date: 2018-01-16 21:29:57
All predictions are hypothetical, all opinions are subjective.
Plus some ambiguity in OP. I misread what you were askin for, thought it was weird that you were listing negative things that you wanted points to be based on.
It's all good friend
Moving on...
I feel like I can see this attack on BTC already. Lots of negative marketing on all media over the last few weeks. Headlines with keywords like "Korea" and "BTC" in the same sentences. 
And I say why?! Whyyyyy?!
Edit. Reddurrpp
@_date: 2018-01-16 21:03:58
A wealthy anti-bitcoin group aggressively inciting negative energy towards the BTC space.
@_date: 2018-01-02 21:04:45
Nice work PawanAgarwal! I agree, resistance being approached and tested soon! 
@_date: 2018-01-19 20:55:23
Banks should have had instant payments a long time ago. The only reason they're rolling something like this out now, is because they know there's a new kid on the block(chain). Keep up with the joneses, tech race and all that.
Anything through the bank is never free, they'll have fees stuck in there somehow.
@_date: 2017-12-25 00:55:26
Exactly the type of hype I'm witnessing a lot.
@_date: 2017-12-26 21:17:26
Posting this again? It doesn't work. This bots history shows its inaccuracy.
Stop feeding speculative gains
@_date: 2017-12-24 21:53:58
Alternatively we could see bitcoin rise to a price that's unaffordable to the retail investor, also pushing a greater number of people to the other cryptos.
The recent movement in bitcoins price is synonymous with the other major coins.
Of notable mention, XRP! The ripple system is targeted for bank-to-bank transactions, which didn't fall anywhere near as dramatically as etherium, dash, litecoin or bitcoin cash. 
One could say this is because Korea and Japan are testing adoption. (Those governments essentially hodling, for all you meme lovers out there)
Government adoption could be more important than any other factor. 
What happens when Australia finally says "awlrite mate, lets 'ave a dollarydoo-coin"
The national currency slowly adopts a crypto takeover.
We move all of our value out of fiat, their bits of paper and instantly created computer numbers will seem like a thing of the past. Maybe even outlawed. 
Am I just an anarchist? Does everyone know that fiat is crime? And history will teach of 20th century slavery just as fondly as we look upon the great pyramids!
I tell ya, there's gonna be a bunch of rich fiat-ionnaires that will either have to get on board, or get left behind.
So which company can we trust not to attempt to control our unregulated currency.
I personally wouldn't trust a "Facebook" coin. Their history with clauses and adendums dictating who owns what pictures and words. Likewise I wouldnt trust a google/apple coin. The driving force behind any new cryptocurrency shouldn't be favouring one party (corporation) but act as a mediumship for trading the things of real value, work, time, skills, creations, objects without a manipulative central bank. And I feel that any coin branded with one of these logos could not fundamentally be legit, because those companies represent profit, and wouldn't employ someone to give a utopian technology away without demanding their pound of flesh.
Then there is the all new naga coin, created by the naga group AG, an established corporation, and backed by some deep pocketed investors. They are literally trying to disrupt existing financial systems.
But should I admit them to the same class as google, apple and Facebook? A for-profit organisation?
In many business it isn't the creator of a new model that wins, but usually it's successor, what with the innovation and improvements.
We as a community must maintain our critique of any new coins, and place our wealth into the one(s) we think will be the best. 
Or we could ignore everything I've said today and all herd to whichever coin is the most marketed and herald in a new age of regulatory controlled cryptos. Seems like the human way....
Edit. Readability
@_date: 2017-12-28 22:13:05
Yes! Pave the way for small businesses. Set the example of how easy it is to use bitcoin. Compare how you have control over your money instead of the banks and their limitations/fees.
You now hold the accumulated worth of your efforts and hard work. And it's completely safe (provided you take the correct steps to protect it) nobody else can touch it.
Why should banks earn interest on (all) your blood sweat and tears?
Why should they hold your money for ransom with fees and limitations?
In the event of an economic crisis, you control (some of) your own wealth. This speaks to a global audience. Hedge your wealth, be your own bank, and also potentially earn some gains if the value rises more.
Who knows what's gonna happen tomorrow, or next year? But you can rest assured, that because BTC is now such a large worldwide market, bitcoin is here to stay!
@_date: 2017-12-26 21:41:55
Hahaha 100%
Totally not funny anymore, they only served to fuel the sacrificial machine of people losing money to overspeculation.
BTC's price and value are 2 different things. It was overpriced as all hell, yet still people herded in.
It was a purely speculative price, only pushed up by the sheer influx of idiots. It was (and is) unsustainable until BTC can prove its value matches its price.
But hey, hindsight is such an easy place to have an opinion.
Those that bought at 19k might still be holding hoping to see gains again, but so much of that value has been cashed out by so many, and so they should! Those who profited at 19k deserve it.
19k down to 10.5k - ouch. How many investors lost ~8k? 10? 100? 1000?
It doesn't matter if your still hodling something you paid too much for! It is worth less. and those who are, are essentially trying to recoup/get back what they lost before they even see any profits. A bad attitude to take toward any investing
The point here, is there is so many people on the fence, and these stupid mindless sayings need to be buried with the horse they rode in on.
Damn I can ramble sometimes.
@_date: 2017-12-31 21:46:55
I totally agree! I hate it, with a passion! But I just don't think we can stop it.
@_date: 2017-12-25 00:58:59
A lil FUD in the fray is not a terrible thing. But even just Uncertainty would be enough, and a lot less emotional than Fear and Despair... 
@_date: 2017-12-26 23:23:34
Agreed, takes responsibility.
In that scenario the investor should be happy with the aforementioned ton of profit. To cash out when they believe the risk becomes too great. And then deal with the fact that they couldn't have predicted further gains at the risk of their existing ROI.
It's good practice to keep emotions out of investing.
These rampant hodlers don't talk about exit strategy at all!
@_date: 2017-12-26 23:07:44
Potential reasons for government retaliation:
•The tax evasion potentials when people start getting paid in BTC.
•The lack of control by the government over circulation, interest rates and inflation!
Blockchain technologies can (and will) disrupt the current systems in many ways. With some altcoins even stating it as their purpose.
Massive implications for the socioeconomic environment.
Anarchists, criminals and free thinkers getting their hands on a share of global wealth, shifting power away from the corporate control of central banks (the true criminals)
Worst case scenario? The government starts flexing the muscles of its monopoly on violence. outlaw, criminalise, label as "terror" or whatever the fear flavour of the day might be.
Or perhaps just banning without the labelling.
These technologies can take profits away from governments and central banks. So if someone isn't pissed off, I'd be surprised.
I think an attempt to outright ban blockchain would be dumb, but gov. regulation is almost guaranteed.
@_date: 2017-12-25 00:51:58
I'm glad the sentiment provided by these groups keeps you hopeful. I agree with this view being oversimplified but hopefully I can be informative to others who are considering taking on unnecessary risk
@_date: 2017-12-22 07:39:40
Its a selling frenzy. People started cashing out for [insert religious holiday]. Price drops, everyone else wants out before the "cherry pops" or "bubble bursts" or whatever you kids are calling it these days. Price drops further.
Those wait times must suck now! so many people sweatily clicking their mouse
do religious people even have BTC?
@_date: 2017-12-22 09:57:48
Here it goes, down dip again
@_date: 2017-12-22 11:11:28
How many people think "bubble", and then visualise a bubble popping with nothing left?
obvious over speculation has happened. The spike was to 16k, a lot of post spike money deposited into this entity called BTC was over hyped media fuelled speculation. People thinking it was an endless supply of profits.
It's price has been pushed up beyond its actual value due to high demand based off speculative scarcity.
It's no conspiracy, or scam, just the nature of the human psyche to herd along. Bitcoin went nuts, reports came out, people overspend, bitcoin falls. Duh.
So if bubble is all or bust, and people strongly back the structure of decentralised currency (are we all not anarchists at heart), then suredly these recent investors think a bubble pop is impossible. But let's change our visualisation from a soapy suds bubble cleanly disintegrating into a puff of vapour, and instead consider the pink hubba-bubba deflated on one side, slathered over the chin of some dirtbag teenager over confident in their own bubble-blowing prowess.
That bubble just needs some chewin. Perhaps a bit of saliva. Get the flavours goin again. See if next time it can prove itself a little more useful.
Curse you visual metaphors!!
You think everyone can get rich?
For money to have intrinsic value, there must be a whole bunch of people who want it and don't have it.
Don't buy on dips! Buy when everyone has something else popping up on their home screen or tv news. Away from the volatile drama of crazies mortgaging their sisters for BTC!
@_date: 2017-12-26 21:01:52
Is it programmed to solely predict growth? Slightly entertaining reading its recent history and just how wrong it is, day after day.
@_date: 2017-12-22 08:36:41
By doing maths. High end graphics cards solving algorithms in a set order. Pools of people with computer hardware combine their maths-doing-power-boxes to do really hard calculating. These take time. Time to do something (work) = (perceived) value extracted out. When the calculating comes to a solution it is rewarded with a coin. Or a part there of.
A piece of the massive puzzle.
This is the fundamental core of bitcoin. This controls the supply. The limits of our technology. 
Is this still layman terms?
And is everyone ready for another price drop?
@_date: 2017-12-31 21:14:57
Hey gl00pp, even though you have no relevant opinion, here's an article.
[Bank of England may issue its own 'bitcoin'](