@_author: wizeman
@_date: 2012-02-01 16:22:42
They are not losing money... you are comparing current monthly operating costs to revenue that (in part) they earned more than a year ago, when they were processing a lot less transactions.
Go to bitcoincharts.com and take the amount of transactions they processed in the last 30 days. Even if you apply the lowest possible fee that they charge (0.25%), you will see that they are currently earning at least $88,750 per month only on mtgoxUSD (if you apply the fee to both USD and bitcoin parts of the transaction, and convert to USD).
@_date: 2011-06-03 21:37:09


Or... if the deflation is 6% and they weren't silly, then they could hold on to their bitcoins instead of lending, and make 6% profits instead of only 4%.


That's exactly why it makes no sense to have a negative nominal interest rate in a deflationary environment. Because you will have more buying power if you save your money than if you lend it.
EDIT: to be clear, a negative nominal interest rate makes no sense in an inflationary environment either. No difference there.
But again, a positive interest rate still makes sense in a deflationary economy, so I don't think there is a problem.
@_date: 2011-06-03 19:35:40
The problem is that if I lend you 1000 BTC and you pay me back 550 BTC one year later, there is no motivation for me to lend you bitcoins, because I will lose 450 BTC. Might as well keep the 1000 BTC for myself in the first place.
But I think what the OP is missing is that there is no problem with having a positive nominal interest rate even if bitcoins are deflationary. The bitcoin economy is growing at an exponential pace right now, but it will not grow forever. 
At some point the deflation rate will become minimal and it will become easier to borrow money.
In other words:
    real interest rate = nominal interest rate - inflation
There is no problem for inflation to be negative (i.e. to have deflation):
    real interest rate = nominal interest rate - (-inflation) &lt;=&gt;
    real interest rate = nominal interest rate + deflation
The only problem is if the nominal interest rate is negative, because then there will be no motivation to lend.
If deflation is minimal, then the real interest rate will not be very high, so you won't have many problems borrowing.
Yes, you might have a higher real interest rate than with the current mainstream economy, but I see that as a good thing, since debt is what led us into our latest financial crisis and therefore I think it should not be as encouraged as it is now.
@_date: 2011-06-03 19:48:11
Yes, but for example, my bank charges a more than 25% rate in one of my credit cards. I don't think inflation is that high.
My guess is that the banks know about inflation and they don't lose buying power when they lend to customers (unless you don't pay them back). Otherwise, why would they lend?
Now, if you're talking about banks lending money to each other, that's another topic... but here the interest rates are enforced by the central banks and they have no choice if they want to stay in business.
@_date: 2011-08-04 23:54:21
You can't force people to circulate their money.
If you start inflating bitcoin, people with significant amounts of bitcoins who want to preserve their wealth will flock to alternative non-inflationary currencies and/or low-inflationary stores of wealth such as gold.
If you think about it, any non-perishable commodity that inherently has a limited quantity (such as gold, bitcoins, Picasso paintings, ...) could serve as an alternative non-inflationary currency and therefore superior store of wealth with no need to be circulated.
@_date: 2011-09-09 12:15:25
Only if you want to bailout banks when they have liquidity crisis... ;-)
Although, that would be the point of the insurance...
@_date: 2011-08-05 00:11:36
'Market liquidity' as you present it, is a fallacy. If you hold on to a certain amount of currency on an economy and don't use it, the remaining currency which is being used will be worth more and will serve whatever investment needs there are.
And yes, there is a way to hold onto large amounts of money without it losing value and without investing. Buy a commodity such as gold with your money, wait a hundred years, then when you are ready to use it, simply sell your gold for the so-called "money". You will have about the same buying power even though your so-called money inflated, say 10,000% or more during those 100 years.
@_date: 2011-06-03 18:50:35
I borrow $1000 from my bank today, but have to pay back $1100 in a year. How will there ever be motivation to borrow money?
@_date: 2011-09-09 00:35:41


Why not? It should be quite possible to create a fractional reserve bitcoin bank, which like other banks, would invest the deposited bitcoins and with those earnings pay back interest to the depositors.
Probably it would need insurance to hedge against the possibility of bank runs.
@_date: 2011-08-04 23:38:04
If someone is sitting on $50 million dollars worth of bitcoins and he doesn't use them, then effectively it's as if those bitcoins didn't exist.
Since there will be a limited number of bitcoins in existence and they can't be created out of thin air, this means that, if someone hoards a significant amount of bitcoins, everyone else's bitcoins will be worth a little bit more.
In fact, if $50 million dollars worth of bitcoins are hoarded, then the rest of the bitcoins in the economy will be worth about $50 million dollars more in aggregate.
For example, let's take this to the extreme.... imagine *everybody* hoards their bitcoins, except for 1 bitcoin which keeps being traded and split around the whole economy among all people.
The whole economy could function on this 1 single bitcoin, because it is divisible up to 8 decimal places. It would also mean that the value of one bitcoin would be equivalent to the value of the entire economy (which is perfectly fine).
Of course, this would be the extreme... but it is entirely possible that it could happen, and I don't see any problem with that.
The only problem in this extreme situation is what would happen when some person who was hoarding suddenly decides to spend their massive fortune...  then, obviously there would be market distortions, but eventually it would all sort itself out.
@_date: 2011-08-05 00:30:36


I don't think this is an issue simply because nobody has the need to suddenly use all their massive fortune at the same time (we're talking about fortunes big enough to have an effect at the global scale of the economy).
And even if they inject their massive fortunes suddenly, presumably these fortunes would end up being distributed among several people and so on.
And I think even if people could deliberately use these massive fortunes to create instability and profit from it (putting the money in the market, then out, then in, then out), other people would start using financial instruments to preserve stability, such as futures contracts, options, ...
@_date: 2011-08-05 00:20:52
To answer your follow-up question, personally I think a deflationary cryptocurrency is better because I think inflation serves no purpose other than to be an invisible tax on unsuspecting citizens who know little about economy.
And sadly, I believe that tax invariably ends up going to the companies / banks / politicians / millionaires who can easily corrupt the people who have the power to inflate the currency... and in the case of a cryptocurrency, this newly-created money would end up going to the few individuals / companies who have the ability to generate bitcoins more efficiently than the rest of the world (say, because they designed a much more efficient specialized bitcoin-mining hardware which would drive other miners out of the market due to unprofitability).
So basically, I believe a cryptocurrency with never-ending inflation would end up increasing the disparity of wealth between the rich and the poor. And I also think as soon as you'd change bitcoin to become inflationary, someone would fork it and create "deflatcoin", which would be non-inflationary, and everybody would flock to deflatcoin instead of bitcoin because nobody wants their savings accounts to slowly disappear invisibly, or alternatively, to have fractional reserve banking which runs the risk of not having liquidity if everybody decides they want their money at the same time...