@_author: wjmartin100
@_date: 2018-01-17 13:35:40
You said you had a job that can support yourself and your family, so it is not clear why you are complaining.  Is the mob after you or something?
The best way to make money is to work hard and continue to build your skill set so that you can command higher fees for your services.  This sort of thing takes many years.
The very best way to get rich, and the way the vast majority of  rich people have gotten that way, is to start your own business, and to be good at it.  This sort of thing takes many years, and everyone isn't good at it.
There have been some bitcoin millionaires who got that way with relatively little effort, but they got in early, and didn't really expect their sudden riches.  As currency trading is a zero-sum game, the bitcoin millionaires got their money from the people who bot their currency from them at a higher price than they paid (people like you).  That is the way all bubbles in history have worked.  A few early players got rich, but the vast majority of players lost money by transfer to the early players.  Money doesn't grow on trees, after all.
Of course, crypto may be different than history would suggest, and may eventually become an important form of currency.  In which case, in a few decades, you get your money back and then some, assuming the crypto you bot is the one that becomes dominant.
@_date: 2018-01-11 03:32:22
OMG!  This looks complex!  I just want to buy a cup of coffee.  Learning to use BTC was bad enough, now you want to add a layer of complexity on top of it that is more ridiculous stuff to keep track of?  How does this improve on hard-copy money?  I give a 10-spot to the barrista, i get change.  It works in real-time.  I understand it.  I can buy a pack of gum with the change later if I want.  All of this is completely anonymous.
Personally, I think we badly need some kind of anonymous, peer-to-peer way to do financial transactions from coffee to buying real estate.  BTC offered some hope that it could be done.  Recent events and LN suggest that maybe it can not.
@_date: 2018-01-11 12:34:15
We seem to agree that seamlessness is needed....  Obviously ASAP.  Crypto is on the verge of going mainstream, but being held back by what are either "technical issues" or "inherent flaws".  Let us hope it is the former.
@_date: 2018-01-30 23:05:37
Such a healthy correction!  Is this a continuation of the correction from the unhealthy rise to 20K, or a new healthy correction from the more recent rise to 12K?  I'm not good at that technical stuff; you know, math!  But as this healthy correction gets healthier every day, it will be lambos for all!  If it can be healthy enough to correct to 6k, it could be 2 lambos for all!!  Do you think it could be healthy enough to get to 2K?  No!  That would be too good to be true.  I mean, I know its a really healthy correction, but let us not be ridiculous!
@_date: 2018-01-18 17:40:48
Interesting trading strategy.  Why don't you just buy it back the next time it is at 9k?  Then hold until it gets to 6k, at least.
@_date: 2018-01-11 04:42:22


OK, fair enough.  Make it seam-less, safe, and easy to use, and I will be happy.  I'm just not seeing it right now.  
Honestly, I want this to work, but the more I dig into the state of things, the more troubled I become.
@_date: 2017-12-30 15:22:51
I am suggesting BTC, as it now stand, is not viable.  If it becomes viable  by future forks, it will be at a time that so many will have been burned by crypto that interest will be slow to develop.  Buy it then, or whatever coin looks to have solved the problems.
Basically, call me when you solve the scaling and quantum-computing problems.
@_date: 2017-12-30 15:39:10
So you believe everyone's BTC being stolen by the first person to develop a quantum computer for that purpose is not a problem just because that day (so you think) is 20 to 40 years off?   Doesn't sound like a good long-term store of value to me.  If BTC every became big, the motivation to develop a QC in secret to steal it all would be rather large.  You need to solve this problem now, or face a constant threat of sudden destruction of your financial system. 
@_date: 2017-12-30 14:55:40
You all should be thinking long term.  The collapse of BTC, which we are seeing the beginnings of, will be a good thing.  People will lose so much money on BTC to those cashing-out early, that crypto will have a bad reputation for a long while.  So, when a crypto comes along that is actually viable, it will be undervalued  as people will be very suspicious of it.  So you will have a lot of time to get on board.  Of course, you will need to identify a viable coin first.  One that is easy to use, anonymous, scalable, secure from hacking, impervious to QC, etc.  Maybe such a coin already exists.  There are over a thousand to chose from, maybe one of them is viable.  If not, don't fret, they'll make more. 
@_date: 2017-12-30 16:03:35
But it is a problem eventually (possibly sooner than most think as $ is a great motivator).  BTC is not future proof for those with a long-term outlook.  It would not be without irony for BTC (a paradigm changing concept) to be destroyed by another paradigm change.
@_date: 2018-08-26 11:29:21
I'm impressed! That's a 1965 Lamborghini Murceilago GT-R farm cart.  Very rare.  They only made 47 of them, with most of the survivors now in museums.
@_date: 2018-06-22 22:41:40
Variant:  "X is an awful restaurant.  The food is terrible; and such small portions!"
@_date: 2018-06-19 23:57:32
Compared with lots of things, with other everyday experiences.  Slower than you wanted it to be.  Suppose you invented a spaceship that was 10 times faster than anything before, and it still took 100 years to get to the next planet.  It is still too slow, though there is nothing faster to compare it too.  The concept of slowness doesn't require an actual comparator, just a (possibly conceptual) standard for comparison.
@_date: 2018-11-15 03:32:51
I know there is a lot of pain out there.  Losing $ is never fun.  I have studied crypto, but I have never owned any; however, I've made and lost enough $ from other investments/speculations to know how it feels.  Actually, I've never lost sleep over loses or bets.  I usually have to remind myself in the morning what my positions were.  My attitude is that it is only $, and other things are more important.  As long as you are able bodied, you can earn a living the old fashioned way.
Many are wondering if they should sell in the midst of this extended down turn.  The best general advice is that you should hold (hold, never hodl), if the reasons for taking the position are still valid.    If you had no position, would you take one now?  If the answer is "no", you should get out. If the answer is "yes", then keep the position.
4 or 5 years ago I first took a look at bitcoin.   I spent quite a bit of time on it, even programming some of the cryptography from scratch to teach myself how it worked.  I was very close to buying $5k of it at around $20 a coin.  I decided not to because I saw flaws in it that made me doubt its long term future.  I was that close to having $5M, well it'd be $1.4M now...  I am not taking a position now because the reasons I didn't take a position 4 years ago are still valid.  I am not surprised it is going down.  I expected it to collapse from $100.
@_date: 2018-11-15 11:17:47
Just general interest.  And maybe I will take a position at some point.  I think about it.  Not today, though...
@_date: 2018-02-02 12:39:34
Someday you'll be able to tell your grand kids, "I once bought bitcoin at $8000".  Will the grand kids respond:
A.  "So that's where all those Lamborghini's came from!"
B. "What's Bitcoin?"
@_date: 2018-11-15 11:27:32
Absolutely!  No form of $ is perfect.  And US debt is likely laying the foundation for serious problems in the future.  I don't like holding dollars because they decay in value.  Crypto has more immediate problems. Actually, I like the idea of putting your wealth into physical things, like collectibles.  The few collectibles I bought, I hang on to for a long time (like most of my life), and they've all done well in value.  You do need a place to put them, and to keep them out of the way of kids and dogs, so nothing is perfect.  Owning a home has also done well for me, despite the crash.
Economic growth is the solution to the US debt problem, and many other problems.  Currently we have some decent economic growth.  But with the tilt towards socialism in this country, it is hard to see that continuing, but that is another story.
@_date: 2018-02-04 19:46:41
While it is true that USD is a poor store of value, BTC's history over the short 9 years of its existence does not inspire confidence.  I've been following financial markets for some 40 years, and BTC is the most volatile thing I've ever seen. USD is the Rock of Gibraltar, compared with BTC.
How to store wealth for later use is, of course, a problem with a long pedigree.  You would like money to solve this problem, and back when money was gold and silver, it kind-of did.  Not anymore, though.  For the last 80 years, common stocks have probably been the best store of value.  Real estate and collectibles are other options worth considering.  I don't recommend gold or other commodities anymore.  That gold is no longer used as currency has led to an erosion of its use case.  Many other commodities have storage issues with costs comparable to USD inflation.  
BTC is really questionable as a store of value due to its extreme volatility, and the uncertainty of its future.  BTC is a speculation that it eventually becomes an important part of general commerce.  If that comes to pass, it will be quite valuable.  If not, it will go to zip.
Bottom line is, there is not perfect solution.
@_date: 2018-02-02 17:12:37
It is also possible they will respond: "What are dollars?"
@_date: 2018-04-05 10:30:56
It is interesting that something as harmless as owning gold can be arbitrarily criminalized.  For decades, owning gold bullion was like being a drug addict, with people who did so being perceived by society and themselves as low-life criminals.  While prosecutions were rare, there were examples of sting operations to trap those engaged in the anti-social behavior of hoarding gold.
Nothing useful was accomplished by the gold ban.  It was just used to get around some technical issues with expanding the money supply during the depression; issues which would have been better dealt with in other ways, and eventually were.
By this example, you could criminalize anything, and that thing then becomes regarded as deviantly bad and worthy of punishment, like growing marijuana in your house.  Or co-habitating with a member of the same sex or different race (as was the case during apartheid).
There are still many harmless things that have been criminalized.  Like shipping beer by US mail or across state lines.  Other things may become so, like gun-ownership or cigarettes.
Some of these laws are mistakes, and others are deliberate attempts to change people.  Technically, it is illegal to freeze beer (that would be freeze distillation, and distilling beer to whiskey is illegal).  It is illegal to grow poppy seeds you legally buy in the grocery store (that would be manufacturing opium).  The list goes on, sigh...
My point is that the law is not a good guide to morality, but people don't much get that.  If you make something illegal, people come to think of it as immoral.
@_date: 2018-04-10 12:05:58
Came for the math.  All I got was a pitch for a time share in Barbados.  And they didn't even have any free food.
@_date: 2018-04-09 02:01:30
This video simplifies issues beyond the point of utility.  It is not sensible to expect anyone to accept a chunk of stamped metal as payment.  They have no way of knowing if it is real.  That is just stupid, and has no relevance to bitcoin acceptance.
@_date: 2018-04-09 12:24:26
It has long been noted that BTC fails if the network fails.  It is one of many increasing number of things in our lives that depends on the network.  Using gold as currency (should a system for that ever be put in place) would likely be problematic without the network also, because any method of validating the gold (like checking the stamped serial number against a database) would depend on the network.
The days where people would trust a milled coin as a significant value are long gone.  It is too easy to counterfeit such things.  Maybe we should bring back inherently valuable objects to use as currency.  Like cigarettes or cattle.
I would favor a beer currency.  That way, if society collapses, you could drink your money and still be happy.
@_date: 2018-04-09 12:18:47
I get what you are saying, and probably most do.  Comparing BTC and gold is instructive.  But what I found annoying is that this video purports to be doing research on acceptance of BTC versus that of gold when used as currency.  That gold is rarely used as currency because of the difficulty in verifying the gold should be obvious to anyone with 3/4 of a brain; you don't need research to make that point.  So nothing non-obvious is gained by the original content, and I find it insulting that they assume I don't know something so obvious.
Gold could be used as currency, but it isn't.  BTC is used as currency, but not nearly as much as national currencies.
If you want to get something out of this, you could argue that adoption of BTC as currency has been limited for the same reason gold is limited as a currency.  Namely, something people find better is being used (national currencies).