@_author: wlnstonsmlth
@_date: 2019-11-05 15:36:41
Sure it is, as long as you’re conscious of the biases and don’t overgeneralize your conclusions. This is a perfectly reasonable way to figure out what Ron Paul’s fans and followers think about Bitcoin compared to gold or US Treasury Bonds.
Edit: Where else can you poll 76k people in a couple hours?
@_date: 2019-11-05 16:09:38
No, it’s not. Ron Paul has always been a big fan of gold (edit: at least that’s been my experience with him). It’s more like Barcelona’s fan page asking who’s best from a list of Barcelona’s all-time greatest player’s.
@_date: 2019-11-05 16:46:30
Yeah, but as far as I’m concerned, the interesting question that this poll is addressing is how his fans feel about Bitcoin with respect to gold. My primary argument in all of this is to point out that the poll is not useless. It’s just that its utility is very narrow, and it’s a mistake to act as if the only worthwhile polls are those which aim to produce results which can be generalized to the whole of humanity.
@_date: 2019-11-05 18:19:29
1) I don’t think it’s correct to assume Ron Paul’s fans are generally under 30. He was one of the first politicians to got me interested in politics, and I’m 31, for just one piece of anecdotal evidence. I strongly suspect that Ron Paul’s fan base has a decent age mix. He has been at it for a VERY long time. But that’s not to say his supporters don’t cluster in a handful of other relevant ways, because they definitely do. 
2) Economic questions like these are largely subjective. There is no straightforward correct answer here. Nobody actually “knows” what the market will do. But beyond that, for commodities like Bitcoin, public opinion/confidence really does matter. The success of Bitcoin revolves completely around people’s confidence in its long-term viability. Given that, I think it’s absolutely worth polling Paul’s supporters to gauge their specific opinions. The general population would give you - different (possibly better) kind of information, but his supporters are undoubtedly more knowledgeable about the nature of currency than the average citizen. The fact that these people, who we know are actively passionate about sound money, are overwhelmingly on the BTC train (even more so than gold, which has historically been their bread and butter) certainly says something positive about its long-term prospects IMO.
@_date: 2019-10-31 13:30:48
Seems cool. I’m sure there are very real possibilities to adapt Bitcoin and fix this problem, and I really hope they work, but my point was that Bitcoin *as it is* is not built to function like digital cash. I obviously know next to nothing about this Lightning Network, so I could be completely wrong, but I’m assuming it will require a fork to implement. To me, major efforts to fork Bitcoin seem incredibly dangerous, but I’m clearly no expert. So I guess we’ll see how things go over the next few years. I’m a huge fan of Bitcoin and I’d love to see it become the dominant global currency, but I’m definitely still a skeptic about it becoming anything more than a kind of digital store of value for now.
@_date: 2019-10-31 02:08:57
The reason Bitcoin won’t replace the dollar, at least not directly, has nothing to do with the name “Satoshi,” IMO. The actual problem is that blockchain transactions are too inefficient (ie expensive) to ever be used for small purchases on a large scale. The blockchain is the defining feature of Bitcoin. It’s the reason that our Bitcoins are virtually immune to tampering from centralized authorities. For Bitcoin to be able to compete with Visa and MasterCard, it would have to move more toward centralization and therefore lose some of what makes it so special. At least that’s how I understand it. 
As I see it, Bitcoin as it is now is not designed to function as digital cash. I believe it’s more accurate to think of Bitcoin as digital gold. I think over the long term, it will become a safe, reliable store of value. And it will provide a much needed check on the Central Banks’ habit of  manipulating currency.
@_date: 2019-10-31 13:47:01


Well, I clearly understand it even less than I thought. 


See, that’s what I thought too, but when I read OP’s question last night, and I looked through the available responses at the time, I did not get the impression that most of these people understand that buying your morning coffee with an on-chain transaction isn’t remotely feasible. But maybe they’re all implicitly considering solutions like the Lightning Network. I don’t know.
@_date: 2019-01-16 13:12:56
Prove it. 
@_date: 2019-01-16 12:24:19
Answer: No. He can’t because he’s lying. 
@_date: 2019-01-16 12:53:31
“He also receives 99% of his funding directly from the Koch brothers.”
Yes. That’s an outrageous, untenable lie. I won’t hold it against you though. In my experience, unthinking, dishonest people sincerely don’t realize how badly they distort reality to bolster their parasitic ideological commitments. I wish you luck in overcoming your disease. You can find your way back to reality. I believe in you!
@_date: 2019-09-26 14:04:11
What exactly wrong with this way of investing though? Believing that an asset will overcome dips and continue to appreciate is basically the only reason to invest in anything. 
Suggesting that we can’t possibly know what the future price will be based on past data is just a fancy way to say nothing at all. Nobody KNOWS. Every investment comes with uncertainty, but with past trends and a reasonable understanding of Bitcoin’s potential, I think it’s absolutely reasonable to assume that Bitcoin will weather the storm and continue to grow.
@_date: 2019-09-26 16:36:30
For those who don't already understand, this is not simply wasted energy. All that processing power is used to verify the accuracy and authenticity of every transaction on the blockchain. It's the only reason that Bitcoin works without the need for a centralized authority. It's expensive and it's inefficient, but that's the price we pay to be free from the possibility of arbitrary interference with our assets.
@_date: 2019-09-26 17:12:06
Changing the level of analysis from that of an individual asset to a portfolio doesn't affect the conclusion here. A portfolio is just a collection of individual assets. Presumably each is still chosen because the purchaser believes that it will "overcome dips and continue to appreciate."
@_date: 2019-09-25 00:11:42
I'm relatively new to this, but is widespread adoption for use in routine transactions at all likely with Bitcoin? My understanding is that the cost of individual transactions is too high (or will inevitably become too high) for Bitcoin to be used as anything that resembles everyday currency. Is this not true?
@_date: 2019-09-26 14:26:20
I’d say to make an investment decision (to invest or not to invest) one must make predictions about the future. 
To make sound predictions, we need evidence, which can be good, bad or anything in between. 
I’d argue that sources of good evidence are rare, but Bitcoin’s historical price trends, limited as they are, must be among the best, if not THE best available source. If they are not, then I’d ask what resource is better for making predictions about Bitcoin’s future?
@_date: 2019-09-26 15:01:11
I agree. These are all reasonable sources. The only real prediction I’m making here is a binary one. Up or down over the long term. I think UP, so I invest. That’s really it for me. I don’t claim to be a terribly sophisticated investor lol
@_date: 2019-09-26 14:49:18
I think we probably agree. I’m not trying to make or endorse any *specific* predictions, and I don’t necessarily agree with the details of this particular chart. All I believe is that this dip is just another growing pain. Bitcoin will continue to appreciate over the long term, and  at least part of that belief stems from looking at the price history (among other things).
@_date: 2019-09-26 13:51:28
He believes it will recover and go up. If you believe he’ll lose money, then you’re obviously assuming it will not recover or will go down. How is your prediction any more reasonable than his?
@_date: 2019-09-26 21:20:20
How on Earth are you "positive Bitcoin will do alright" without referencing past performance? 
The answer is that, of course, you're relying on past performance, if only in part, to inform your view. You're just too damn dense to parse the not-so-subtle difference between and indication and a guarantee. 
It seems to me like somebody much smarter than you probably tried to give you a simple piece of heuristic advice (strong performance last year doesn't guarantee strong performance next year or something of the sort) that they thought you could handle, and you've still managed to completely muddle it without even noticing.
@_date: 2019-09-26 17:25:57
Lol you have no idea what you're talking about...