@_author: wm-center
@_date: 2012-03-06 05:53:03
Dear customers! We’re glad to inform you that from now you will get more funds while exchanging Bitcoin to EgoPay through our service, because EgoPay removed the internal fee for payments sending from accounts having an official exchanger status. So, now you will not pay this fee and get more money.
Waiting for your orders on 
@_date: 2011-12-15 10:30:57
Dear Bitcoin users!
Few months ago we've added Bitcoin to our supported ecurrencies list, and now we are again buying and selling bitcoins with market rates without any delays, so you safely and instantly can buy, sell and exchange BTC to any ecurrency using our service!
If you need to buy or sell Bitcoins, just make order at our site:  or  , depending on what you need. We support many ways of funding/withdrawing from your account:
1) Bank wire transfers in different currencies (USD, EUR, RUB, AUD) using our bank accounts in Panama, Latvia (European Union!), Australia, Ecuador, Russia, Kazakhstan, Thailand and others.
2) Instant money transfers – Western Union, Moneygram, Xoom, Contact and many more. We have representatives all around the world, so your buy and sell orders are processing in shortest time. Most WU orders are sending in just 15-30 minutes after receiving funds!
3) Cash in our agencies (exUSSR, Latin America) and local bank transfers and cash deposits in many countries.
If you need to exchange any ecurrency to Bitcoins, or vice versa, you are welcome to our exchange BTC service  We support the following e-currencies and payment systems: Bitcoin, Liberty Reserve, Pecunix, Paxum, Perfect Money, PayPal (we not accept PP, only funding your accounts!), c-gold, Hoopay and few more will be added soon. All exchange orders are done immediately after receiving your funds!
We have friendly 24/7/365 support, speaking English, Russian, Spanish. Our website is easy to use and no registration needed to make an order. We are one of leading exchangers, you will not be disappointed by our service! If you have any questions, please contact our support or write it here.
@_date: 2011-12-25 20:42:48
Dear customers! Merry Christmas and happy New Year for you, we wish you great success in coming year from all our team! Please also take attention to our work schedule in coming holidays:
25th december - working as usual
31th december - from 05:00 GMT we will disable online chat and messengers (icq, skype etc), but all orders will be processed as usuall untill 17:00 GMT
01th-03th january - working in holiday mode (online chats disabled, WU/MG and international banks wires will not be working), we will process ecurrency exchanges, techocash and nacional wires and will answer urgent requests.
from 4th january - working in usual mode, but due to holidays MG orders can be delayed
We hope you will stay with us in next year, and soon we will present you new and improved website with many long-awaiting features!