@_author: wmcscrooge
@_date: 2017-12-19 04:56:44
Actually from what I've heard a while back (I'm not sure if it's still true), downvotes/upvotes early on in a posts' history has a drastic effect on how well it does later on. Outside of mods' direct involvement, if multiple people go daily and downvote useless posts and upvote high content posts, it should definitely make a difference. unfortunately the people who are probably upvoting all the hodl posts are people who are desperate to make money off of btc and constantly check the exchanges and to see if the prices is falling or rising so they can sell or buy
@_date: 2017-12-19 04:52:17
but that only has 3k subscribers and it's harder to find compared to this subreddit named after the coin itself. I had never even heard of it until you mentioned it. It would be better imo to make this subreddit the main subreddit for discussion and move everything else to outside subreddits
@_date: 2017-12-19 04:54:07
no but it's a very good stepping stone to learning about where to get more information and for introductions to new people on where to look. I'm not a hardcore investor into bitcoin but I'm definitely interested in its future so I don't have the time to constantly be looking into other sources of information. ideally would be the sole place where i can get a nice compilation of all the recent news that don't involve "hey the price of btc went up 100 dollars time to hodl on"
@_date: 2017-12-19 04:55:22
there's a lot of big name subreddits (for sure that are large technical subreddits with very good moderation and content with much less "dilution of content" than though. The problem can't be solely blamed because of the number of subscribers
@_date: 2017-12-19 04:50:37
But that doesn't make sense looking at some bigger subreddits:
1. (~275k subs) - half the subscribers as and rather obscure technology to the average person, highly technical posts, no memes
1. (~455k subs) - same field as no memes
1. (~900k subs) - almost double the subs as 
1. and pretty generic career/field subreddit, still rather 
technical posts and no memes
1. and then last is with a whopping ~12.5 mil subs and a very personal subject to every person since everyone wants to save money and be successful and very little memes and shit posts.
And obviously not all of these subreddits are exactly like but it still holds that this subreddit isn't full of memes and shitposts because of the number of subscribers but because the mods and the subscribers don't care about properly curating the content that's created and that we're consuming. 
honestly if people actually care, they should be downvoting all posts that deal with hodl-ing, price changes, and hype/promotional content and instead upvoting with posts that deal with actually important content. if people really want memes and stuff like that they should be in a separate subreddit. 
then again maybe that comes off as super pretentious and honestly if people are okay with the hype then there's nothing wrong with all the posts. I honestly don't mind all the HODL and memes and hype but i do think that it creates a culture too surrounded by earning money through appreciated rather than turning bitcoin into a currency. And that's dangerous because a lot of newbies coming into the bitcoin culture are only looking to make money. and if this subreddit promotes that kind of thinking, bitcoin in its original idea will definitely fail