@_author: wmscott
@_date: 2014-02-25 21:21:28
I believe you are perfectly correct. My assessment is that MtGox did lose some BTC (10% ish) enough to be borderline insolvent and they were worried that if they continued trading they would be liable to fraud. A deal was struck to sell to a larger organisation. 
A comment from their IRC help desk from a week ago mentioned something like it being "hard to do anything because of all the lawyers".
I thought this was an odd comment:
1. (Edit due to wi-fi crash)
1. (Gone again)
Cut to the chase ...
MtGox is being bought out.
They are not insolvent but borderline.
They can't get any further because no bank will deal with them in USD in USA because of US govt regulations.
Land of the free.
So my guess it that they are being bought out. It must be by a US bank because that it the only way to get USD withdrawals. And it must be by a US bank who can change government policy.
Now who can that be?
Oh yes -  Goldman Sachs - they only put forward about 175 patents to have a bitcoin of their own; only to see all of the patents fail.
In one acquisition your brave new currency has been bought &amp; is now controlled by the establishment (because they will have the largest exchange).
Where is your currency freedom now?
@_date: 2014-02-25 20:25:12
I believe you are perfectly correct. My assessment is that MtGox did lose some BTC (10% ish) enough to be borderline insolvent and they were worried that if they continued trading they would be liable to fraud. A deal was struck to sell to a larger organisation. 
A comment from their IRC help desk from a week ago mentioned something like it being "hard to do anything because of all the lawyers".
I thought this was an odd comment:
1. (Edit due to wi-fi crash)
@_date: 2014-02-25 21:32:35
On another positive note: I was watching 2 robots fighting it out around the $110 - $120. They were very sophisticated, had at least 10x faster access to the markets than me, and were trading millions.
The idea that they "hadn't got the memo" is laughable.
MtGox is supported by a lot of money, it's just that none of it is yours.