@_author: woeijfoweif
@_date: 2013-12-14 19:42:07
My point is that you should try to hire good employees regardless of the controls that limit their access. Sure if they only see 100 customers' data during a shift because they worked on 100 tickets and that's it, they can only steal up to 100 customers worth of data a day. That is far better than being able to access all of your customer's data but it is still a huge issue especially in a market as small as the bitcoin one.
@_date: 2013-11-16 07:30:34
I realized I should have clarified my response to your post.
I'm not asking, as you so astutely put it, "why are there all these alphabet soup agencies to register with and comply with?" I'm asking why bitcoin exchanges in the US have chosen to register with the alphabet soup agencies as money transmitters as opposed to something else. The question is based on how other foreign exchanges have registered themselves.
You then informed me that people in this subreddit disavow the existence and usefulness of any sort of governmental agency so I asked where my question would be better suited.
I'm happy to continue to clarify exactly what I am looking to be answered however I don't think that explaining the context and usefulness of a question is really a non-sequitur.
@_date: 2013-11-16 03:02:04
Why are there different agencies that regulate different things? I dunno, that seems to make sense? Would you prefer to have the atomic energy commission regulate the purity of Tylenol?
@_date: 2013-12-14 19:13:27
Right but in any case, you still need to find qualified people (a lot of people suck at support) and do background checks on them (I don't think any financial institution will hire someone for any position that involves customer data if they have fraud convictions) and get them bonded (otherwise if they do steal, the company is liable as opposed having an insurance policy cover it).
Do most financial institutions just hire temps off the street to handle any sort of surge in back office tasks?
@_date: 2013-11-18 00:14:39
I'm surprised that the UK version of the IRS (Inland Revenue?) permits that. In the US if you pay yourself a significantly lower than market rate salary for the position and then pay out all of your earnings as dividends the IRS will quickly come down on you since you are bypassing all of the payroll taxes.
Why doesn't everyone with good sized investments form a company in the Isle of Man (for 0% corporate tax rate), put all their investments in it and then when they need money have the company pay a dividend and only pay the capital gains rate on it?
@_date: 2013-11-16 07:09:15
Oh, I'm sorry, do you know what subreddit is about bitcoin and its place in our current realistic world? I was under the impression this was the correct one but I guess I was wrong.
@_date: 2013-11-16 04:17:58
You asked why there are a bunch of agencies with different names. I said it was due to them regulating different things. If you are trying to conclude differently, please express it in english. Unless of course you feel that the CFTC and the NFA are the same agency in which case I'm pretty sure anyone who interacts with them can set you straight.
@_date: 2013-12-14 15:51:22
How do audit trails prevent anyone from stealing information? It makes it easy to prove that they did it but that's of no assurance to the peoples who's information is stolen.
A proper back office dealing with this sort of data will have bonded employees with background checks as I believe coinbase does. Given both of those things take time, I don't think it matters how their systems are designed unless you mean they should be designing better background check systems too.