@_author: wolfie66
@_date: 2014-04-01 02:04:19
OP asked what have I created from "What have you made, from scratch, with your own hands, and the bounty of the earth? What do you own in an unencumbered fashion? That you have not been assisted with, or inherited in some fashion?"
I mill my own lumber from trees which people pay me to remove from their property. I mill the lumber - I make things from it and I sell or trade for other things. I own these things and require no assistance from another to make from raw material things that others desire to have as their own property. What I exchange for them leaves the ownership of the receiver of what I made when I make the exchange and becomes mine as was the original item traded. In this simple transaction are all the ideals of rights including property shown.  If I pass said thing to my son, has it now somehow become the property of the whole of humanity, since they had no part it the making, nor the trading.  This invalidates your inheritance argument as well.  Before you argue that another allowed me to pursue the tree on their property - remember that without property rights, they would have no reason to object to my taking the tree.  It is after all good for me to make with, and good for others to recive of my making a needful bowl or bench, thus several more than he benefit from this activity.  Under your assumtion that the good of the many outweigh the interest of the few - it should be perfectly acceptable for me to cut down your shade tree in your yard.  Unencombered by laws which protect the rights - made true not by governement or the auspice of society- but rather by the necessity that if we are to judge each other to be good to one another then we must not bring harm to another - then your view would infact result in everyone eventually having his "shade tree" overrun, used for firewood, or camped under by so many as to preclude you from its shade. Property rights extended to the world at National Parks (World Parks) the right to see and enjoy in a limited fasion these places judged to be special and in need of general protection by placing the rights of that property in the governement. In the case of my shade tree - or my pantry - my family - all are protected by my own right, as large as the governments rights on a public park, equally to provide that non will bring a dimishment to that which is mine.  My thoughts as well are mine, and in this case are absolutely necessarily to allow that I have a right to exist at all.  Existance being predicated on my being able to create the bowl or bench from the aforementioned tree...to make it different enough to appeal to someone to buy mine as opposed to the "cookie-cutter" one at the big box store.  It is the same with religion, as it will be myself alone that will or will not suffer a consequence based on my belief system.  Should your wonderful society preclude me from my duty to those beliefs (so long as that duty does not infringe on the rights of others - note that is rights not interests) - it has nothing to suffer should it be proved incorrect and I stand to be judged by whatever power in which I believe. This of course gives me no right other than to speak my belief and see if others share or choose to share in it.  Would you then say that since no public place may be devoted to private worship -that having no place in which to do this is then justified?  By what argument other than you wishing to push your unbelief in the face of my belief.  How then is an individual to choose, there being by rule no faith?  How in the absense of faith is there beleif - even in your utopion vision which sounds suspiciously like a "Jhon Lennon" song, but you may be excused from your plagerism...after all in that world you describe John could lay no ownership to the melody, or the words of his song "Imagine".  Where then the incentive for art to be created if any find it disturbing and it is judged not good for the "society" to see it - it shall by the will of a majority be banned.  We have seen that when the government that has been willed all property, and children and is the family....administered by a ruling class what is the art...pictures of the head of that class.  What is it I own?  I own me - and that which I make.  I sell my services - or product of my skill /work in exchange for things else I need, like food and shelter, and property. Property where at the line dividing yours, the publics, and mine...your will...and that of the public....end.  As it should so that all the good of humans is realized within each individually, and too each as he see fit to be generous.  