@_author: wolfsbaneandcyanide
@_date: 2018-01-24 13:52:03
The easiest way would be to just sell it to people in person for cash. Just make sure to stay safe and stick to amounts around 5k or less so as to not raise suspicion. If I had that much I'd just cash out enough for living expenses and store the rest in bitcoin until crypto starts taking over.
@_date: 2018-01-28 18:02:28
Are you talking about a centralized cryptocurrency? I think in that case whoever is maintaining the service would end up becoming the new middleman. You'd basically be trading a system that kind of works and everyone's learned to use for something that's uncertain and offers pretty much the same deal. I just don't think most people would bother with it. 
If it's decentralized and not anonymous how would you achieve both? Do you rely on a service requiring people to link their wallets to their full name or government issued ID? How would you make sure people don't just enter bogus information? Lets assume there's a way of checking it without relying on the government. The problem would then be that everyone can see any single transaction anyone else has ever made if nothing is anonymous. Is giving up all form of privacy really ok? What if this information that's now available to everyone can be used to hurt or discredit someone? As bad as banks are you can still use your card to buy a subscription to 10 different pornsites and order a box full of dragon dildos and it's only you, the bank and the companies selling those that know about this transaction. Involve a non-anonymous blockchain and basically anyone that knows your name can find that out. It would be sorta awkward. I mean imagine having to explain that to your kids.
@_date: 2018-01-24 13:40:24
You know why something decentralized like bitcoin was created? So that you can trade goods and store your money without ever having to trust anyone. Lesson to be learned: Don't trust anyone!
If you believe in crypto buy, if you don't then sell or trade it for something you can use.
@_date: 2018-01-24 14:10:55
Probably not until you convert to Fiat at which point you'd probably need to pay a %tax based on your profits depending on the laws in your country, but I'm no expert on this. Hodling crypto is no better or worse than buying some gold and keeping it under your bed hoping it'll be worth more in 10 years.
@_date: 2018-01-24 13:57:03
Whatever business you'd like to create if you're willing to accept crypto payments.
@_date: 2018-01-24 13:42:43
It's good advice. What he's saying is to never invest more than you're willing to lose. 1-5% is the safety margin for most people. It's enough to still get in on it and not enough to not be able to sleep or start to panic sell if the coins drop, because the media is stirring a lot of drama.
@_date: 2018-01-24 13:30:19
1) They most likely won't be able to, but for now I think they'll mostly ignore it hoping it goes away. They'll probably start with taxing exchanges or traders when they convert their crypto to Fiat and ask for a % of their total profits. If crypto gets widely adopted I'm pretty sure we'd have new governments being formed.
2) Most likely to be in control of their own money, know that it does indeed exist somewhere (the blockchain in this case) and in order to trade goods or services directly with other people without the need of a middleman.
3) Probably not, non-anonymous alt coins will just be the same as Visa. Why not stick to that?