@_author: wolves_eat_pizza
@_date: 2015-02-04 17:36:09
Eh yes and no.  You could say that as more time goes by a lot more people are fucked by Bitcoin too.  People who lost money buying at $1000 and selling at $200 or people who lost coins in Gox have probably sworn off Bitcoin and tell their friends horrible things about it.
Yes, that's there fault, but there's far more people who are going to sell in a panic than who are going to sell while they're still making money.  Far more people who don't know proper security and ways to handle BTC (i.e. not keeping them with a third party).
Personally, the steady fall of Bitcoin this year has made it unusable to me.  Loading a wallet to go spend on Bitcoin related stores is just slowly losing money.
I still believe in Bitcoin because I know eventually it will stabilize and be deflationary, but we can't just sit back and say "time has gone by with out it exploding, we succeeded!"  We still need to build better infrastructure and educate.
We vitally need services that show the benefit of Bitcoin too, not just existing services adding BTC along side credit cards.  Stuff you can ONLY do with Bitcoin or much cheaper with Bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-02-06 19:39:16
It's less of an exchange and more sort of PayPal but with Bitcoins instead of USD.
By that I mean you can't really do trading on it.  It's mostly linked to your accounts and a buy or sell goes directly in or out of your accounts.
If you're just looking to buy or sell Bitcoin, it's amazing.  If you want to play the market, don't bother.
@_date: 2015-02-05 20:33:34
Koch is undoubtedly very important, but the article is a bit sensationalized.  There's not a ton that needs to be maintained with GnuPG and it's just one implementation of many OpenPGP programs.  If GnuPG stopped updating, we wouldn't have a serious problem.  Someone would fork it or you'd be perfectly fine using old versions for quite some time.
He's more going broke trying to develop much larger bits of software on top of the essential, not just maintaining GnuPG (which he could honestly do on the side at any job).
Furthermore, him going broke seems like just bad business on his end.  He shouldn't just be expecting donations to work solely on what he wants, he could easily be making money helping companies implement GnuPG, offering enterprise licensing, giving talks at conferences, doing security audits, etc.  He has an amazing resuming he doesn't seem to be taking advantage of it.
@_date: 2015-02-04 18:35:54
Okay I get that on a macro economic level, but it still has to start somewhere.  We still need to present these opportunities for people to take advantage of them.  There's also way too much risk right now, we're not really a critical mass where the free market is quickly taking up every opportunity.  It can take months or years even for OBVIOUS million dollar ideas to be executed.
Right now, too many people see Bitcoin as another way to accept payment and that's where the effort stops.  We really need intelligent minds presenting the more nuanced ways Bitcoin can be used so that people with the capital can make a serious dive.
I mean, right now there is little competition for drugs on the black market with Silk Road down.  A replacement could make millions easily.  But no one has yet.  Because you need a very special group of people to come together to understand the potential and be able to execute it.
If we don't have people pointing out these opportunities and developing tools for a lower barrier of entry, then we are going to see stunted growth.
@_date: 2015-02-06 19:37:17
They aren't asking you he mechanics behind it or a tutorial on how to do it, they're just asking you the basic use of it.  What the end goal should be for someone who understands it.  They can figure out the rest if the end goal sounds appealing.
It'd be like if you're trying to sell MP3 players to someone who only uses records.  Ultimately you want to convey to them that they can have their whole music collection in their hand and just press a button to listen to it.  Similarly Bitcoin is cash in your hand and just a button to send it anywhere.  That's what you want to convey.
If you start out by explaining how to hook up an MP3 player to your computer and load the files on there, they're just gonna get overwhelmed and stick with what they know.
@_date: 2015-02-06 19:27:45
That is too much really for most people.  They're asking for the standard use, nothing technical.
"You just sign up for an exchange to buy Bitcoins, load them on to an app on your phone or computer, then scan a QR code or click a link to send them from your wallet when you want to pay for something."