@_author: wondot
@_date: 2018-01-18 08:12:43
Sucks for those Bitcoin Billionaires for sure.  They must be suicidal having their wealth retrace to those Bitcoin olden days of last month when Bitcoin was only 11k.  
@_date: 2018-01-17 07:51:54
Tell Becky and John,
"Yeah, Becky, it dropped some for sure, Sadly, I am now only up 30%($720 on 1/2) for the month rather than 80%.  Oh well, By the way Becky, how are the rates for your savings account?"
@_date: 2018-01-12 09:31:52
They have issues with Visa I guess, not sure if that is holding them up.  
@_date: 2018-01-12 09:30:41
Better hope it confirms before some tweet causes a price drop and they hold that chicken hostage until you send the difference. I have actually heard of that happening.
@_date: 2017-12-18 23:44:15
Agree 100% - It's also completely inaccurate as a comparison since wealth moves through families.  If my boomer grandparents bought 3 acres in Calabasas, or a building in Manhattan for 20k after saving money all their lives, that property passes to their gen x/gen y kids who now own 50 million in property.  When their millennial kids inherit it, it will give them wealth.  Previous generations will ALWAYS have more wealth since they had more time to get it.  It is a media divide and it happens with EVERY generation.  Take a look back to the punk rock movement of the 80's.  They too thought they got shafted but are now the people holding the wealth that millennials are complaining about as well. It's absolutely shameful and for anyone who does not actually understand what a "boomer" is.  It is the generation born out of the chaos of WWII.  You know the one where countless families lost everything, especially in Europe and many came to the US to start again.  They are called boomers because there was a baby boom post WWII when many families started over having lost their husbands, kids, teen boys, etc. The Boomer generation deserves our respect since they are the ones that had to work hard for anything they have without the ease of inheritance (There was not much left in post WWII Europe to inherit).
Fucking shameful for sure!
@_date: 2017-09-17 11:47:33
Don't say that, they may actually do it.  I hate seeing people with zero knowledge of finance markets throw in all they have, but hey, no one ever listens to me. Bitcoin keeps going up because we all use it in real life to buy food, pay bills, etc.  sure.
@_date: 2017-09-18 23:31:18
I remember many people wanting to take BTC as payment.  That all changed now.  Like I said above, no shop owner will accept BTC when price can literally tank over their lunch hour. But we are all along for the ride and will see where it takes us.
@_date: 2017-09-19 08:32:47
I don't know what it will be worth in 10 days or 10 years. Bitcoin and crypto is not the stock market.  Bitcoin is not a company with real world assets that can be valued in any way.  Stocks are attached to actual profits of some company with realized revenue models.  Bitcoin has no such attachment. There is no such thing, can't say the Bitcoin phone 10 is being released soon and everyone wants it.  
There is no product or anyway to actually evaluate what it will cost in any time frame.  It is simply what someone will pay to take it off your hands because they are speculating more people will take it off their hands at a higher price. 
Yes, it is tech, but not a tangible tech product with a real world value that can be easily measured.  
Netscape and Google have no comparison here.  Netscape paved the way for internet browsers and once held a large portion of paying customer internet accounts which paid real money every month.  Netscape was a pioneer in browsers.  Google had nothing to do with them nor did Google acquire them.  Netscape browser was 1994, they were acquired in 1999 by AOL which is almost a decade prior to Google's chrome browser.  Not sure what "Like Netscape probably felt in the last days before Google" even means to each other.  
Google makes billions in actual profits from their ad platforms.  Those are companies with predictable and traceable real world revenue streams.  Bitcoin has none as it is not a company. What is it exactly that you base a price assessment on?  What bitcoin product is so in demand that anyone would park trillions in Bitcoin?   Bitcoin has been an entry point into crypto, you had to buy bitcoin in order to buy whatever Alt coin that offered some business model.  But, that is changing, rapidly. 
"Gold is a pain in the ass in the age of the internet where you want to do deals in minutes, not hours or days."
Don't think we have paid in gold coins in a few hundred years. 
Where have you been lately?  You must have missed some of the craziness of the last few months where many were waiting days or weeks for confirmations if their gas was a bit low.  Actually, a few months back some transactions had a timeframe of infinity.  BTW, Bitcoin is not new tech, it is almost 9 years old. It is now being adopted and used as a model.  It is about as new as blackberries, wi-fi at Starbucks, twitter, and whatever else.  But sure, let me follow your lead to fortune because you say you know the future, the past, yeah the stuff that already happened, not so much.  Sorry dude, but you are a prime example of why no one should ever take investment advise from anonymous chat groups.
@_date: 2017-09-17 12:02:11
Blaming fake news, you must be a trump supporter.  Don't like the news, call it fake.  No one cared about JPM.  Sell offs have nothing to do with what 1 individual tweets about.  No body sold because of that. Do you really believe a bunch of bitcoin holders in different timezones actually sat around and watched some twitter feed, then said, I'm selling because this dude says so? Please. No one sells over politics, whose politics exactly? it's worldwide.  The JPM comment was proving this exact point and yeah, he is right about that.
@_date: 2017-09-17 12:54:42
Crypto is fragmanted unlike other asset exchanges.  We do not have 1 large exchange.  There are 100's.  Each exchange is small compared to centralized stock exchanges.  On the stock market, a 10 million buy / sell is meaningless and not enough to move the market. In the independent exchanges in crypto, a small 10 million order has the power to set price.  Do you ever wonder why the hell anyone puts in multi-million dollar market orders? The reason they do is to take out part of the order book, causing a large price change, which in turn may be enough to trigger all the stops.  Whenever the price crashes, you will always see a series of market sells which then start a chain reaction, dropping the price by a lot. 
Before the sell off, they set buys at the level they think they can push to.  Basically, they sell for 10 million then buy back in at 9 making a million profit in less than an hour. Rinse and repeat. To help with all this, they also set large buy / sell walls trying to intimidate people to move into a direction they need.  Those are those magical ones that are there and poof, they are gone before anyone buys or sells into them.  Plus, they employ bots which help to keep constant pressure to one direction, for example buying 25k per minute on the buy side while selling 20k on the other.  That creates upward pressure and they are basically buying their own shit back and forth.  When they think they reached a resistance level that may become difficult to cross, they start the market rate sell offs.  The price of Bitcoin is what they tell us it is since they are creating most of the demand.  
They want bitcoin at 5k? they will do it and we just go along for the ride. When they start the huge sell offs at 5k and price goes to 3k, we are along for that ride as well.  Until the market matures and all these small exchanges consolidate, we will always be at the mercy of the guys with the most money.  This "out in the open" manipulation is why many finance people keep saying fraud.  The price is set by market manipulation and not by actual demand or use.  Bitcoin went from 900 to 4900 in 6 months.  Ever wonder why? Seriously, no one is using it for payments, or any real financial transactions outside of dark markets whose usage actually went down after the silk road bust.  So if no one is actually using it more, why would price go 5x for no great reason? The answer to that is that pro traders with millions in backing have found a market that they can manipulate with no repercussions.  
Add to that the fact that they know so many in this market have absolutely no finance experience allows them to keep sucking newbies into buying at completely inflated prices that have no real reason to actually be at that level other then the artificially created demand and upwards pressure they are creating.  
So there it is in a nutshell.  Which is also the reason nobody should EVER gamble their savings on this type of "anything goes" market.   No matter what tools you use to predict this market, it will never do what you think it will because you can't predict what an individual may want to do.  It wasn't like this before but all the hype is bringing in the well funded Wall street sharks who believe they have found the Disneyland of finance markets. And, they have.
@_date: 2017-09-16 03:52:03
That's surprising, but how many of us are gonna put any trust in them to actually hold our coins? They need to break out with some amazing customer service or something to regain their customer base for sure.  Luckily, that's not too hard with Polo, and others as the competition.  
@_date: 2017-09-17 11:32:58
I know huh, Let the manipulators do what they do best because we know as long as it's a free for all, they will run it up.  It's f'd up to see all the manipulation that no one even tries to hide but the rest of us ride that wave as well.  However, I would never sit on this for 10 months much less 10 years.  The guys with the huge multi million buys and sells set the price.  This is hard to do in other markets with a measly 10 million but the fragmented nature of crypto exchanges makes it childs play for them.  I would not trust them to stick around for any amount of time and if the manipulators, their insane market orders and bots putting non-stop pressure in the direction they want, ever get removed, so would the upward pressure pushing price.
@_date: 2017-09-18 23:24:19
I think Blockchain is something they are all looking into for sure for their private chains.  They will never accept the risk associated with a decentralized market that some unknown entity can control.
@_date: 2017-09-13 07:54:06
I agree with you 100% You can watch the bots all day long selling BS amounts like 0.000285 on one side and buying on the other. As in the 0.00000248 buys every second on gdax right now.  They move the price in which ever direction they want and we are at their mercy. If anyone thinks there is any actual reason other than market manipulation raising the price from 1000 to 5000 within a few months needs to take a good look at the transactions causing the rise.  I love Bitcoin just like you guys do, but I also realize the dangers of heavily manipulated volume.  If any of these guys quit the game and just cashed out, the volume would disappear as would the upward pressure on price.  The whales with the bots are the ones creating demand, artificially. As much as I hate bankers, and I can't believe I actually agree with the JP Morgan Chase CEO on the dangers of the game being played. To Adam's comment below, No, worldwide sell out will not drain the value, value will be drained by the few, who hold enough Bitcoin to make the rest of us mute.  So, Lets hope they love the money they make and keep it up!
@_date: 2017-09-17 00:47:15
:( You guys do realize that just means they will be selling, with a large market sell when the 9.8 reaches 12, with buys in for that same 10 after their market sell order starts the chain reaction sell off so they can pocket the 2 mill and start again?
@_date: 2017-09-14 13:54:54
yep, HODL is moronic and it's hard to understand the rationale of watching your assets lose value rather than mitigating the damage.  If Bitcoin is an investment, rule 1 is limit your risk.  It is not weak hands panic selling, it's people with actual investment experience that know when to get out and wait for a stable floor to come back in. Not talking about day trading the volatility, talking about obvious bearish trends that we know (from Bitcoins track record) may take some time to recover from.  Advise on these threads, should be taken as what it is, personal opinion and not actual financial advise.  If your gut says cash out and see what happens. You may be right.  If you are wrong, you buy back in a bit higher for a small loss.  If you are right, you have your money minus the stress of watching it lose value day after day.  The crash is normally faster that the up trend.  Bitcoin may lose 1000 in a matter of hours, gaining 1000 takes days, weeks, months and maybe longer.  All these people screaming HODL hoping to stabilize price by talking newbies out of selling lack understanding of financial markets in general.  Newbies with their .25 bitcoin looking for advise in a sub reddit do not move markets.  The pro traders with multi-million dollar trades every 10 minutes do.  Those guys are not here seeking advise nor giving any.  
@_date: 2017-09-16 03:43:40
Yeah, unfortunately that graph right there gives credibility to the JP Morgan comments.
@_date: 2017-09-18 22:59:42
Yep, and I am sure many people see the writing on the wall as to what's coming.  If the community can not self regulate then the government will do it for them.  Sure, this happens in all markets but this is so blatant that that it will need to be addressed at some point, especially for the US based exchanges.
@_date: 2017-09-19 00:57:32
Couldn't agree more about the boss thing. 
@_date: 2017-09-18 23:55:55
I am far from a conspiracy theorist.  I am an analyst by trade, outside of the crypto space.   In a supply / demand market of any kind, demand moves price.  If I sold sand, the price of sand would go up if there was a natural disaster because people need it.  If you cannot pin point why bitcoin keeps going up without it's actual usage, then that is a factor.  Don't listen to me, pull up an exchange and watch for a bit.  The truth is it's insanely profitable to manipulate new markets.  If it wasn't, there would be no trading.  You do realize there are Alt coin pump and dump communities right in the open that will tell you which coin and when? What would you think a community called "pump and dump" intentions are?  
@_date: 2017-09-18 23:21:34
I do not think anyone wants to destroy innovation which is why regulators are treading softly.  I do not agree that everyone will use Bitcoin in 3 years at all.  Why? I can't use it to buy anything now nor would I want to because of the volatility.  Who would take a Bitcoin payment for actual goods that cost real money? A merchant will never do that.  If I sell widgets that I pay a set price to manufacture, i need a guarantee that within the 30 mins between when I sell the widgets and exchange the coins that it will not tank by 30%. For any commerce to happen, you need volatility to be close to zero within a short time frame.  If you think BTC will be 1,000,000, that would mean some insane volatility.  Merchants have costs to pay.  They cannot just HODL like speculators. Can you imagine employers saying, hey sorry guys, you get 25% less because China tweeted some FUD?  How about my mortgage... sorry bank, but Bitcoin is down and I gotta wait to pay you or you can just accept less money and just HODL?
@_date: 2017-09-18 23:11:12
It takes years to consolidate.  The only thing coming up are plans for even more new exchanges.  It is hard to push centralization in a system based on the complete opposite.  Look how long it took the stock market to do it.  However, I would definitely bet on regulation coming soon.  It has already started with the warning about kyc procedures.