@_author: woozlewuzzle
@_date: 2013-12-18 17:21:10
Sorry mods for how you're getting treated over this. There was a large vocal community that wanted memes removed. I being one of them and for the very reason you [posted the comic](
But all the other users see is censorship. Yet there's already rules in this subreddit. 
And for the users who are only going by the title of the post ThePiachu posted please read the comments and see that lots of users were advocating for removal of memes. 
Here is also the [other thread]( which specifically asked for banning memes. Even this stickied post is getting a ton of upvotes. There's a big part of the community that wants them gone because they rise to the top because they're easily consumed compared to other content. 
@_date: 2013-12-08 17:17:52
Awesome links. I love this TL;DR 
@_date: 2013-12-07 21:24:40
Many subs have proven working systems. Banning a user is not necessary.
They already have AutoModerator in the list of mods. You just setup the bot to remove all meme posts from proven meme sites and direct the user to Simple as that. 
@_date: 2013-12-18 18:45:20
Because some disgruntled users are downvoting him, yet this thread is the positive as well as the other threads asking for memes to be removed.
I do think there is a better balance then what has been presented. Memes are getting mixed in with novelty accounts as well as any speculation. Too many topics are being addressed with this sticky and not just the meme portion. 
@_date: 2013-12-18 17:26:16
I think there's two different items being mixed in here. The other thread asked to stop allowing memes but you've tied it with any self post. Though I think it is admiral to try and tackle the later mixing it with memes is now making a storm for users to think they're tied together. Though both can be low content, memes was the main tackling point from the other thread. Cut down the memes and self posts can prevail. 
@_date: 2013-12-07 18:06:35
Many subreddits ban memes because it degrades the subs original purpose of promoting valuable discussion regarding the topic.
Here are just a few subreddits that ban memes all larger than bitcoin and are their "defaults":  and so on and so on.
I am sure you can find subs that do allow them. The point is though there is a very large part of reddit that has rules against them in their subs to promote further discussion.
It partly goes into theory of reddit territory. GIFs, memes and images are easily consumed and upvoted. Articles and discussion take time to consume so less people read it and even less people upvote it. So any subreddit who decides not to moderate its content will always succumb to instant gratification content.
Feel free to post in @_date: 2013-12-18 17:23:06
But again, the people pressing the voting buttons isn't an accurate way to say what people want. Reddit's algorithm doesn't work that way. The second a post gets steam it doesn't matter how many downvotes you try and throw at it, it's too late. 
Did you even read the comic that was posted? Probably not you're just reacting with your gut instead of logically thinking of the problem memes create: 
Reddit is a broken system. Those who think that upvotes should decide do not realize how easy it is to manipulate reddit as well as how hard it is for all other content that isn't an image to be consumed. 
@_date: 2013-12-07 19:20:43


So by that logic you would like all the rules currently in the sidebar removed. 
The upvote/downvote system is flawed. 




Allowing memes is forcing a group out as well because of what I quoted above. The easily digested content will get upvotes far easier than any other content, which then breeds more of that content. Those who wanted discourse will not receive upvotes and thus be silenced turning the sub into one of the many other subs where it is filled with low content posts.
You have every right to your opinion, but I don't agree with what will become because of it. 
@_date: 2013-12-07 18:01:00
Do *you* realize what website *you're* on?
Many subreddits ban memes because it degrades the subs original purpose of promoting valuable discussion regarding the topic.
Here are just a few subreddits that ban memes all larger than bitcoin: and so on and so on.
I am sure you can find subs that do allow them. The point is though there is a very large part of reddit that has rules against them in their subs. 
@_date: 2013-12-07 18:17:03
Memes, advice animals and reaction gifs/images are all the same category in my opinion so only those items. They can all be posted in and this subs health will thrive. 
There's already rules in the sub. Adding this rule will not be some kind of tyrannical action but will continue its overall health and growth.
In all of those are removed, but they're fine at a comment level. This is what I'd expect if the rule was implemented. 
@_date: 2013-12-07 18:45:50
Your responses show what allowing memes does to a community. Instead of a thoughtful argument you have responded with baiting questions and comments and further prove the point that removing memes are a good thing. Great job!
If you'd like to be better educated you can [read this thorough post.](
@_date: 2013-12-07 18:44:21
Problem not solved. Low content breeds more low content until turns into an equivalent. Luckily for it has over 4 million subscribers so when was made there were hundred of thousands of users who made it good. will never have that kind of following so you either fix it before it gets worse or let continue to devolve into mediocrity. 