@_author: wordsmithing
@_date: 2013-03-13 13:04:06
That's good to hear. I'm sure it is the same issue many retailers have had concerns with. You apparently know a lot about this stuff. Thanks again.
@_date: 2013-03-13 12:23:44
Great. Again, thanks so much for the info. I will be looking into the possibility! 
The thing I may need to be questioning is the possible fluctuation of bitcoin to USD. It won't really matter in terms of bitpay, but in terms of how I manage my ticket prices with regard to marketing/publicity around those prices. Say I was to publicize a show using a direct paper mailer to my list of audience addresses. I would put the bitcoin price along with the USD price. Those mailers stay in people's homes and the printed press for around 5 to 8 weeks. If a ticket in USD costs $20, and the exchange was 1 bitcoin to 4 USD (just an easy example, not certain what it is now), it's then reasonable to charge 5 bitcoin for a ticket. That's all well and good, unless over that 5 to 8 week period there is a large price increase or decrease in the exchange rate. Meaning tickets could be way cheaper OR way more expensive for the audience between the first show and the last, depending on how the exchange rate shifts. 
Admittedly, it is very silly to even consider that as a real issue at the moment. I guess I am just thinking out loud. Realistically, the demand for a way to see my co. performances by using bitcoin is probably very low. Maybe zero. I suppose the point would be simply to support the currency as a valid way of doing business, and at the very least offer the possibility to my audiences. 
@_date: 2013-03-13 11:56:08
Excellent .Thanks for the info. I will start looking in to it all. If they are willing to xfer as USD, then it is a very easy thing to convince my company to accept as payment - Though I am perhaps more interested in keeping it as bitcoin and having my co. join the ranks of people that believe in its potential as an investment possibility. I would guess that bitpay is just as happy to leave it as bitcoin and transfer to a personal account? Seems most likely. 