@_author: wordpad25
@_date: 2017-12-07 22:11:08
Exactly! But we could easy have a virtual currency without those things. So it’s unnecessary waste. 
@_date: 2017-12-07 22:14:10
Did you know that bitcoin is open source? 
Anybody in the world can copy all of it in just a couple clicks. And make it better. While bitcoin will stay the same, falling behind any innovation. 
@_date: 2017-12-07 15:45:31
Bitcoin has no advantage over other crypto as far as “value” other than brand recognition. 
Literally anybody can fork and start their own bitcoin, crypto is not a scarce asset therefore it can not have any intrisitc value other than brand. Which is not worth 15k per coin. 
@_date: 2017-12-07 22:10:17
Which they used to move useful product.
Bitcoins only product is get-rich-quick Ponzi scheme. 
@_date: 2017-12-07 19:37:24
That’s the opposite of value, buddy. There is absolutely no reason for crypto has to waste such an ungodly amount of cpu and electricity. It’s a design flaw that other crypto don’t need to have. 
@_date: 2017-12-08 03:00:24
It’s not anymore free of government than any other commodity, like gold. 
They can still tax you on it and apply whatever local laws you are trading from
@_date: 2017-12-07 22:12:19
Another guy in this thread gave a good example. Nike/Apple have valuable brands. But they use their name to move product. Bitcoins only product is get-rich-quick pyramid scheme. 
@_date: 2017-12-07 22:14:40
You never know, i can see it going to 100k
@_date: 2017-12-07 15:55:31
It doesn’t behave like a stock. It behaves like a commodity with a spiking demand (like gold during recession). 
@_date: 2017-12-08 00:33:11
To watch bitcoin go to 100k like a lot of people here duh! 
@_date: 2017-12-08 09:08:35
All existing laws still apply. (Like anti-money laundering rules requiring every exchange to know your real name and report any suspicious activity)
There just hasn’t been very many laws targeted specifically at bitcoin allowing it to operate in a grey area but that’s only because crypto has not been around or relevant for very long. There is absolutely nothing that stops governments from imposing laws governing bitcoin transactions. 
Governments are like that they can do whatever they want and there is f*ck all you can do about it. 
@_date: 2017-10-13 14:13:32
Bubbles can grow to ridiculous proportions (such as to jeopardize entire world economies!). 
The defining characteristic of a bubble is that when it stops growing, it does not deflate nicely. All value for entire market AND all tangent markets might completely vanish overnight. 
@_date: 2017-05-15 22:24:00


Sure, it's easier to go unemployed if you are wealthier, but that doesn't make measure "worthless", it's still a reliable measure for economy. (in the current system)


I agree that anything can happen, but USD is still one of the most stable things out there. That's why many foreign governments and companies chose it as their reserve currency. Are you saying it's a bad thing? I don't really understand your point here. 


By stable I meant it's not volatile, as in it doesn't fluctuate rapidly and unpredictably. I thought we agreed that as it is now, we have an expected low inflation rate. 


Again, I don't understand your point here. I agree that economy is hard to predict and anything could happen (I said as much), but USD is vastly more reliable and stable compared to say bitcoin. 


Sure, but you're comparing a 10 trillion USD market capital to a 14 billion for bitcoin. Also, my perspective is mostly anecdotal, I don't have any evidence to support how bitcoins are actually used and I do agree it could potentially be used for a lot more. My point was that it does not currently offer any services that a standard bank doesn't already have. 




As before, I don't understand your point here. I agree that economies are hard to predict and control even given centralized governing bodies, but that is still worlds better than no control for bitcoins (trying to steer a car vs just letting it go wherever), which we can see via wildly fluctuating bitcoin prices year over year. Compare that to the graphs you linked for USD. By stable I didn't mean that it stayed the same, I meant that it moved predictably, as such you showed a steady trend in decreasing purchasing power. 
Decreasing purchasing power is not a bad thing, it's indicative of inflation which is part of a healthy growing economy which was fully intentional (as we just discussed). 
@_date: 2017-05-15 19:56:44


We do know that recession is what happens when velocity gets too low and it's extremely difficult to speed it up from there, potentially taking years. In recessions lots of people lose jobs. So, I would say it's not a "worthless measurement of how well it's working for the populace". 


I think we can safely say that USD will not skyrocket or radically dive tomorrow or next week for no apparent reason. Macroeconomics is notoriously hard to predict, but that doesn't take away value of having a stable currency. 


It's ultra-chaotic because there is no central entity trying to manage it's stability like there is for US dollar. It's also impossible to predict it because the market is just too small and full of speculation, so a single large seller can trigger a mass selloff. 


One primary feature of bitcoin is anonymity. People use it to buy drugs, launder illicit profits or as a risky investment. 
Another primary feature is decentralized operation, but it's as much of a downside as it is a benefit, because it means nobody is responsible or accountable for the value or stability of bitcoins. 
@_date: 2017-05-15 02:05:02
It means money wasn't sitting in a savings account, it was spent to grow a business. Growing a business requires hiring more people, which includes paying taxes. As this business growth happens at a nationwide level, the economy in general grows. 
Inflating economy actually causes deflation of the currency, though. That's why the government borrows so much, because borrowing creates inflation of the currency counteracting a growing economy, keeping the currency stable. 
Stable currency is good because it as opposed to Bitcoin you know it will be worth about the same years from now so you can plan out your investments. 
@_date: 2017-05-15 23:50:50


But that growth is driven more by speculation than by an actual use (demand for currency). People who use bitcoin as an actual currency (to by weed or whatever) don't really care how much bitcoin is worth, because they pay for their product value in dollars translated to bitcoin value. Products (weed?) didn't get more expensive as bitcoins increased in value. So it's growth is driven purely by more people wanting to having and use bitcoin. As more people get on board the value will grow even more due to limited supply of bitcoin. To use bitcoin as an actual currency so it has a stable value (say weed costs same number of bitcoins year over year) there would need to be inflation happening to keep up with increasing demand (to contract growth). 




I accept that. 
I want to understand why you would like there to not be inflation in USD. 
I am also really interested why you really like the huge deflation that's happening with bitcoin as you said every year. 
@_date: 2017-05-15 19:21:40
I'll expand on one of my points to, maybe, help explain it better. 


One of the indicators of a healthy economy is velocity aka how much the money is moving around. Government wants to have healthy economy hence they discourage money sitting still. 
@_date: 2017-05-15 05:03:39
Many people answered this here already. 
Stability is different concept from inflation. Stability only means no unexpected/rapid change in currency value. Stable currency is good regardless of inflation, because look at bitcoin, sometimes it gains 20% for apparently no reason, then drops 50% on a different day. Can't really plan anything with that kind of volatility. 
The risk to stay even is also on purpose. 
The government wants there to be a small inflation to force people to invest. If they could stay even, conservative investors would just hold money and do nothing with it. Think of the trillions of dollars in 401k retirement plants, a lot of them would just sit there for decades. Instead, due to small inflation nearly all of it is invested into stock market and other stuff which all makes the economy grow. 
@_date: 2017-05-17 07:46:52


And what a world that would be. Globalization is definitely at our door, but I don't see borders disappearing anytime soon barring some unforeseen technological or cultural disruption. 
@_date: 2017-05-16 01:51:07


Political: As a human, I'd like to reduce the power of those who derive income selling money, support the poor and uneducated with a far simpler monetary system, and make it easier for the elderly to retire comfortably and without fear.
OK, I see, that makes sense. I don't necessarily agree that you are right, but I understand what you mean and respect your good intentions. 


I may have phrased it incorrectly. 
USD value is shrinking corresponding with what we would call inflation. 
The opposite is happening with bitcoin. Bitcoin value is growing relative to other currencies. 
How would you say bitcoin is better or different than just a gold standard (except digital)? 
