@_author: worgorbl
@_date: 2016-03-03 22:02:09


Insignificant according to you, maybe. However, 10 minutes for a transaction is hardly slow enough to cause anyone a headache, it's not like credit card transactions can't be disputed or denied days after the fact.
You keep bringing up the 'most reliable truth-machine' as if coffee transactions are below it when it is clearly not. The whole point of having bitcoins as a store of value is that *it could be spent*.
It's clear Satoshi meant for Bitcoin to have massive amounts of volume in transaction and even compete with VISA. -


- 


- 


And now you're just outright lying or really have no clue how the blockchain works.




Yes. The ability to use bitcoin as an actual currency will be a huge driver for adoption, and that includes low transaction fees. You keep bringing up how bitcoin is somehow 'bigger' or 'beyond' small transactions but that's just absurd in my opinion. If people can't spend coins, there's no use for a currency.
@_date: 2016-03-03 17:51:07


Why does it have to be either or when you can have both? 
You only have value if people can spend it and being able to record coffee purchases just means the currency can actually be spent and thus drive more users to it.
Bitcoin could absolutely compete with centralized services if it's allowed to evolve instead of being held back by a 'core' group of developers with a vested interest to push their own 'service' for financial gains.
I'm seeing a lot of outright tinfoil hat theorists in this thread along with diehards essentially cheering for the death of bitcoin which to me is absurd.
Yes, I'm pro bitcoin. Yes, I'm pro raising the block limit. There is little reason not to and all the arguments arguing against it has little to no merit outside of FUD.
@_date: 2016-03-04 04:03:17


Then I'll tell you you're wrong. What made bitcoin valuable wasn't just the lack of inflation but that it actually *could be spent* with *minimal transaction cost* while being decentralized.
[I love how you just abandoned our little discussion when I brought forward evidence including quoting Satoshi proving you wrong at every turn.](
I mean you don't even know how the blockchain works or have any idea how a checkpoint would.
Bitcoin is a decentralized settlement system that could be used for much more than moving millions of dollars equivalent around but your little cult against increasing the block size is hell bent on destroying it.
@_date: 2016-03-03 21:23:01




That was never what the currency set out to do. One of it's founding goals was that the transaction fee would be negligible and even compete with VISA for things as small as parking fees.


Yes. It might not make sense to store that for eternity but making checkpoints every now and then and discarding the older 'set in stone' transactions isn't a bad idea. All you really need is the consensus of who owns how many bitcoin and a few hundred verified blocks back.


And let's not forget that one of the founding goals was that it could be used to transfer hundreds of millions or buy a cup of coffee all for a tiny transaction fee.