@_author: workingfineyesterday
@_date: 2018-03-21 19:38:01
OK, for the sake of argument, let's take this seriously and consider a worst-case scenario. Let's say a state legislature in the U.S. passes a law that states that anyone running a full node for a blockchain that stores existing CP that can be extracted is deemed as possessing and distributing CP. This law would almost certainly be immediately challenged in the courts, which would probably take years to conclude. In the meantime, there would be a law on the books making it illegal to run a full node on a blockchain that is known to contain CP, which, if this research paper is valid, would include Bitcoin. This would hypothetically lead to a lot of people who live in that state to stop running their full nodes, which would almost certainly cause a FUD feedback loop where people will stop running their nodes. This would likely create a movement within the community to perform a hard fork that makes the known CP inaccessible, which would initially be met with resistance by people who see it as a slippery slope, but would probably still go through without any major contention, but it probably wouldn't stop future attempts to add CP to the blockchain, either. As a result, trolls would then add more CP to the blockchain to effectively render the hard fork pointless.
From there, you could either just have the community agree to regular hard forks (like once a month or something) to clear out transactions deemed by consensus to be illegal or objectionable, or find a way to build a mechanism into the blockchain to allow consensus to remove or alter transactions without needing a hard fork. Then you'd just need a way for the community to flag or report transactions and agree on which ones to specifically exclude. If enough full nodes agreed that a certain transaction needed to be censored, then it would be censored. At least, that would be the theory. I don't know nearly enough about cryptography to know how you'd do that without compromising BTC's security, but I'm sure this community could find a way if it was necessary for the network's survival.
One could argue that we should start dealing with that now BEFORE it becomes a serious legal problem that causes people to be afraid to run a full node, and I can see the value in that, but decentralized communities are inherently reactive, largely because they're leaderless. Unless there's a clear and present danger to Bitcoin, it's hard to motivate the community to agree on anything, even if there's a serious and inevitable problem on the horizon. Just look at scaling. Scaling debates were happening for years within the community, but most of the heavy development work and coordination only started happening once scaling became an actual problem as opposed to a theoretical one. I imagine the same is true of this. Could this become a serious roadblock to mass adoption? Could this be a way for a government to criminalize running a node? Yes. But it hasn't happened yet, and until it does, I doubt you'll get much traction here, particularly since there's not a lot of likelihood that any serious democratic government would believe that people are using the blockchain to actually share CP, especially when it apparently requires a publicly-funded German research team to even locate and decode the alleged content.
On that note, since the research paper doesn't give explicit references to the alleged content for "ethical concerns", if the argument is "there's CP on the blockchain, we need to do something about it NOW", well, you'd probably have to start by getting specific and actually figuring out which transactions even have the alleged CP in the first place. Then you just need to figure out how to build consensus within the community around censoring those transactions without actually releasing the transaction information publicly (because if you did, you'd arguably be publicizing CP). I have no idea how you'd do any of this, but I'm just trying to be constructive.
To be realistic, though, this is much more of a problem for Ethereum than Bitcoin. There's a much greater likelihood that Ethereum will be used (if it isn't already) to share illegal content without needing to use the complex tricks outlined in this research paper. Ethereum's faster, cheaper, and explicitly designed to carry all kinds of non-transactional data. The reason I doubt governments will react to this research paper now is because it's clear from the paper that Bitcoin's blockchain isn't actually being favored for trafficking illegal images. However, if criminals start using Leeroy or something to share illegal content and there's no censorship mechanism (I'm actually not sure if Leeroy or other decentralized social media platforms already have a way to handle this), then that would probably be enough to spur at least one government to action, and whatever regulations they impose on Ethereum would likely apply to all blockchain tech, Bitcoin included. At that point, I can pretty much guarantee that the entire community will coordinate to tackle the problem.
TL;DR - This isn't *not* a problem, but it's not a problem demanding an immediate solution, there aren't currently a lot of ways to deal with the problem as a community without deliberately making the problem more public and dire in the present, and if the problem does eventually require decisive action, there are viable short-term and long-term solutions to deal with it.
@_date: 2018-02-23 15:49:33
Ah, I see. In that case, wouldn't you incur a transaction fee when you send your BTC to a buyer? Meanwhile, if a BTC miner pays out to their GDAX account and then sets up a limit order, they can exchange BTC for USD without fees. Additionally, keeping your crypto in an insured exchange like Coinbase/GDAX means that, if your crypto is stolen, you'll be at least partially compensated for it. If your crypto is stolen from your personal wallet, you're screwed.
Hardware wallets also cost money, and they can be lost, destroyed, stolen, and/or corrupted. Coinbase has been around for 6.5 years, has never been hacked, is insured, and if you know what you're doing, you can go from mining to USD and completely avoid transaction fees. And unlike LocalBitcoins, you don't have to interact with a human being to do it. Also, exchanges like GDAX let you set up stop orders and limit orders so that you can cash out or buy in if the price starts spiking while you're not looking.
Keep in mind, I'm not trying to make the argument for why Coinbase/GDAX is better than owning a hardware wallet and using LocalBitcoins. I'm trying to show that there ARE benefits to using Coinbase/GDAX over a hardware wallet and LocalBitcoins, and the biggest reason of all is that crypto is still hard for a lot of people to understand, and even for people with an intermediate understanding of crypto (which I imagine is most people on this subreddit), there tends to be a nagging sense that our own ignorance of the technology will end up screwing us because someone else who understands it better than us will find a way to screw us. So unless you're VERY confident in your own understanding and handling of crypto, being solely responsible for your own crypto can be stressful, because if something goes wrong, you have no one to blame but yourself. Meanwhile, with Coinbase, you can just trust that THEY know what they're doing and that, if something goes wrong, it's THEIR fault. So for a lot of people, peace of mind is really the biggest reason why they don't move.
Speaking personally, that's why I split my crypto between hardware and exchanges. I just feel uncomfortable keeping it all in one place. I can't completely trust a centralized exchange like Coinbase/GDAX, but I also can't completely trust myself to not accidentally mess something up. So I hedge.
@_date: 2018-02-23 14:29:32
They don't have SegWit yet either, and they don't have LTC. If you only care about BTC and ETH and you really, really hate Bcash, though, yeah, I'd say Gemini's a better fit for you than GDAX.
@_date: 2018-02-22 20:07:26
Do you incur a transaction fee when moving between your hardware wallet and localbitcoins? Also, how quickly can you move your BTC from your hardware wallet to localbitcoins to sell? I'm being somewhat rhetorical, but I'm also legitimately asking since I'm unfamiliar with localbitcoins.
@_date: 2018-02-22 16:11:41
A lot of Bitcoiners are still upset with Coinbase over Bcash and the slow SegWit adoption and would like to leave, but GDAX's no-fee transactions are a huge selling point and there aren't a lot of reliable alternatives that aren't shady or unstable. Some were hoping Robinhood would give them a way to move from GDAX to Robinhood, but an inability to deposit means miners can't point their payouts to Robinhood, nor can they transfer their GDAX coins to Robinhood. So until Robinhood enables crypto deposits (assuming that's even something they plan to do), people who want to leave Coinbase/GDAX and don't see Gemini as a viable alternative are still kinda stuck.
@_date: 2018-04-12 13:21:54
And then he divested his hodlings. 