@_author: world-dollar
@_date: 2014-07-25 14:25:11
To say that fractional reserve banking is OK is an illogical assumption. It follows that to say that our banks will not collapse is equally illogical This is precisely why an explainer video is so important. 
This is perhaps the most well known academic work on the topic:  , one which destroys the idea that fractional reserve banking has somehow passed the market test. We also give our own explanation here:  and our paper (available to download) gives a step-by-step example of what will happen once the mispricing of fractional reserve debt finally comes to an end. 
But we need a video that is perhaps more capable of going viral, and indeed a better solution for all those who prefer videos instead of having to read large amounts of text. For all the videos criticising our monetary system, not a single one actually explains this, the only argument that destroys the basis of our system 
@_date: 2014-07-25 18:21:10
Again, resorting to insults, "idiots", "garbage", "bullshit", rather than logical arguments and civilised debate. 
Yes, humans do behave irrationally in many instances, but they behave rationally too. There are certain deductions that can be made. That there is mispricing is an objective fact, just 1+1=2, and there is no amount of "evidence" you can possibly use to disprove it. That this mispricing will eventually be exposed by the market is a logical certainty. It is only a question of whether it is sooner, through spreading the word through videos, academic papers, etc. or later, when illogical arguments and insults (such as yours) crowd out/ repress these ideas. 
@_date: 2014-07-28 07:12:56
You have repeated the same straw man argument.
The "end" of fractional reserve banking refers to the fact that it cannot exist when the market becomes informationally efficient. The reason it exists today is because the market is informationally inefficient. 
To use your example, we were "informationally inefficient" when we believed that the world is flat, but today we are more "informationally efficient". 
The most important factor, ultimately, is education. Hence why the suggestion was made for bitcoinfordummies to make a video on this topic. There really isn't anything more to say. 
@_date: 2014-07-25 14:48:37
Fractional reserve debt is mispriced, this is a fact that cannot be disproved by whether or not a Harvard graduate has taken action (although, funnily enough, a Harvard economist has: 
Gold is commodity money. It is an asset without simultaneously being another's liability. It is therefore a sound basis for money. Same with Bitcoin. Same with World Dollar. 
All the fiat money in the world is always the liability of the central bank, it is not an asset only. In other words, our entire system is based on debt. However, as the debt carries the risk of non-repayment, we are all incentivised to withdraw the fiat money permanently from the fiat money banking system, even if we were to recourse to a 100% reserve system after the demise of fractional reserve banking. Charles Holt Carroll, 1860: “A promise is a debt, it is nothing else; and the attempt to make debt serve the purpose of money always has been and always will be a failure”. 
From here:  "Out of the 775 fiat currencies that have existed, 599 are no longer in circulation. The median life expectancy for the defunct currencies? 15 years. The median age for all existing currencies in circulation is only around 40 years." There is no logic that can possibly defend the assertion that our fiat system has another 2,500 years in it. 
@_date: 2014-07-25 15:29:18
You can't create fiat money - or are you, bitcoind3, claiming to be Jannet Yellen in disguise? That wouldn't be altogether surprising given your comments on this thread?
@_date: 2014-07-25 17:20:04
if you feel this way, you may wish to look into World Dollar. Everyone in the world is issued with an equal amount of World Dollars. This is called the Equal Opportunity Standard. The system is flexible enough to allow a potentially unlimited amount of currencies (e.g. national currencies) on to top of the underlying World Dollar supply. I will not comment on this further as this is a bitcoin related thread, not a World Dollar one. 
If we're on the subject of morality now, you must consider that our present monetary system is highly immoral. It consistently enriches the banking and political classes at the expense of everyone else, with no economic justification. Through printing fiat money, they have managed to quietly and almost effortlessly misappropriate wealth from the rest of society.
If you do not believe that spreading the word about the logical impossibility of our monetary system is important, then you are guilty of wishing poverty on your fellow countrymen, and indeed across the entire world. Sorry. 
As said, this video would be the most important, revolutionary video that bitcoin-for-dummies has ever done, but if all you want is to join the tyranny of the political and the banking classes by repressing this idea, our discussion ends here. 
@_date: 2014-07-25 15:14:42
Saying that bitcoin succeeding will not (of itself) cause fractional reserve to fail...I accept this. 
Saying that bitcoin can succeed within fractional reserve banking...I accept this, BUT it is an illogical, unrealistic point to make, as fractional reserve banking is fundamentally flawed, and so must come to an end. It will happen in the space of months rather than years if we manage to spread the word as much as possible, e.g. through this BitcoinForDummies video.
The success of bitcoin and the demise of fractional reserve banking are not separate at all. You are contradicting yourself - in your first line you said "if fiat collapses then bitcoin will (probably) succeed. I accept this". You must realise that the single biggest reason, the trigger for why fiat will collapse, is the end of fractional reserve banking. Please look over the paper by Hulsmann, or look over the paper our own, World Dollar Foundation economists have produced. 
@_date: 2014-07-25 17:46:40
Over the course of history, the political and banking classes, through printing fiat money, have managed to quietly and almost effortlessly misappropriate wealth from the rest of society. When they have taken their monetary expansion too far, hyperinflation and currency collapse has ensued. 
What is different now, in 2014, is that it is a collapse due to intellectual enlightenment. A wise person is capable of analysing the world, and as a matter of mere logic, identify its obvious mistakes. The political and banking classes, as well as the “economists” that have supported them, are split between the fools and the wise. The latter, while knowing full well the logical impossibility of our fiat money system, have not acted on their knowledge as a matter of rational self-interest; their very livelihood has depended on the system’s perpetuation. 
Could you try to resort to actual, logical arguments, rather than resorting to language such as "bunch of hacks" or, also frequently used "crackpots"? Can we not have civilised debate over such important issues? There are some things in life that CAN be justified by mere logic. 1+1=2. That the probability of a fair coin landing on heads is 50%. You do not need mountains upon mountains of practical evidence in order to make the deductions. It is the same case with the monetary system. It is a fact that fractional reserve debt is being mispriced, and the end to this mispricing will trigger the end of fractional reserve banking. Please review  or 
The end to this mispricing can only be achieved through spreading the word as much as possible, not trying to repress it through illogical arguments and insults. 
@_date: 2014-07-25 14:12:54
bitcoind3: You are incorrect. If our present system collapses due to people no longer mispricing the value of fractional reserve debt, then it is unreasonable to expect that we would all repeat this mistake so quickly with widespread bitcoin adoption. Any attempted fractional reserve banking operation would unravel extremely quickly, far quicker than at any previous time in history.
Perhaps you misunderstood the point. It is not widespread Bitcoin adoption itself that prevents fractional reserve banking, but the other way around; the end of fractional reserve banking triggers the end-game of our fiat money system, causing all our fiat currencies to become worthless, which presents an unbelievable opportunity for Bitcoin to skyrocket in value. 