@_author: worldofcurrency
@_date: 2014-04-16 22:59:03
Stability won't change it's poor distribution.  People can't spend Bitcoin, if they don't have Bitcoin and with it now taxed as property, it's even more unlikely the general public will view it as practical or useful.
@_date: 2014-04-02 00:51:30
Oh good, so we now have a concession from you, as now you have reverted to what Ripple labs has today for nodes.  As has been said at least a few times in this thread, RL's still controls the majority of nodes, just as Satoshi and the handful did of Bitcoin in the beginning. That's not a secret. Did it always stay that way, of course not.  And the same is true for Ripple.  It just takes time.
You have tried your best to paint Ripple as a centralized solution based on 2013 slander, but the facts are the facts.  Ripple, by design, is moving in the right direction and will only become a more viable option as more and more nodes are added.  
Some people wouldn't touch Ripple till it was open-source.  That's fair and once it was, we saw many of them come on board.  Some people won't touch Ripple until there are 1000 or 100,000 nodes.  That too is fair.  No one is forcing anyone to use Ripple but remaining ignorant to the benefits it offers the digital currency community, only hurts those digital currencies.  As they will continue to struggle to find external solutions to problems Ripple already solves and do so to their own detriment. 
Ripple is inclusive yes, but it doesn't need Bitcoin or any other single currency, in order to be successful.  It's whole purpose is to allow the exchange of all things of value.  So, take advantage or don't.  With hundreds of digital and fiat currencies and an infinite number of things people could deem valuable, it hardly matters what one currency does or doesn't do.
I only spend my time having these same predictable conversations because I'd like Bitcoin to not be centralized.  It's really as simple as that and Ripple solves those problems.  All you have to do is reach out and grab it.  Ripple is really your bitch, if you want it to be.
@_date: 2014-04-16 16:16:28
For Bitcoin, yes.  I actually do. It's too poorly distributed, difficult and risky to use as a medium of exchange.  It will have it's niche uses but much better tech, derived from the proof of concept that is Bitcoin, will actually power the future of monetary exchange.  That's my guess.  If Bitcoin stabilized, it might be useful as a store of value but not for day-to-day transactions.
@_date: 2014-04-01 22:09:15
That's not true.  When you have 1000's or 100,000's of nodes, you can choose which nodes to trust and which ones not to trust.  So it absolutely will not be a "handful of nodes" controlling network.  The only thing that matters is you can trust them not to collude.  The more nodes, the less likely there is to be enough nodes that are willing and able to collude, without being found out. Even if they did collude, it would be immediately noticed and they would all cease to be trusted.
As for the comment on Bitcoin being "Relatively decentralized." I guess the principle of decentralization isn't once what it was, when "relatively" is good enough.  And we do know what's going to happen, we just saw it when one pool had 40% of the hashing power.  This is just the beginning and you know it.  
Look, I don't have a dog in the Bitcoin fight.  It's your currency.  There are hundreds of fiat and digital currencies throughout the world, so I'm not concerned with whether one succeeds or fails.  It would be nice if Bitcoin could stick around, but "relative" decentralization (and likely worse to come) is probably not going to work out.  Ripple can help, but you can only lead a horse to water...
@_date: 2014-03-25 15:23:42
Glad to see you take the right stance in support of education.  This is truly the key and something that happens everyday, regardless of whether is truths or misinformation that's being taught.  This is a battle that can be won, but we have to be willing to commit to the fight.
@_date: 2014-04-01 21:27:15
Then the same applies to Bitcoin.  A bunch of centralized miners and mining farms, controlling the network.  And we have to trust that these large mining farms won't collude.  The difference for Ripple is, that the more and more nodes are added to the network, the more decentralized it becomes.  For Bitcoin, it has apparently been the opposite.  And what are you going to say when they raise or eliminate the blocksize altogether?  
Ripple is Bitcoin's savior from centralization.  Allowing Bitcoin transaction to flow off-blockchain or...just enjoy a centralized Bitcoin.  Your choice.
@_date: 2014-04-01 19:29:56
Likely has more to do with the fact that he has an actual understanding of monetary systems, currency and payment rails, and thus is able to understand the benefits of a system like Ripple to the broader financial infrastructure.  Ripple as a raw protocol, isn't really for end users and thus seems complicated and is largely misunderstood by most novice users in the crypto space.
@_date: 2014-04-01 22:26:08
When you're talking 20 nodes, that's obviously not much decentralization and it would be easy to collude.  When you're talking 1000's or 100's of thousands of nodes, it's a decentralized network.  The chance of enough nodes being able to collude is exponentially diminished.  You can attempt to minimize that all you want, with small number examples to mislead people, but real adoption numbers don't lie.  
So as was said, Ripple is moving more toward decentralization and Bitcoin is moving toward centralization.  I think you'd be wise to be more concerned with where Bitcoin is heading, since it's so important to you, because Ripple is by design, going in the right direction.  Not "relatively", but as a matter of fact.
@_date: 2014-03-23 18:51:53
This all stems from a fundamental lack of education of the general public on math-based currencies.  This educational void will either be filled by truth or misconceptions.  As a digital currency community, we need to do a better job in delivering consistent facts to the media, all the way down to the average Joe.
@_date: 2014-03-25 13:58:08
Simplified education is the key and it's going to happen one way or the other.  If we don't make education a priority, the media will continue to push misinformation to the general public and they currently are winning that battle. It's a lot harder to undo a first impression, than it is to get it right the first time. 
@_date: 2014-04-01 11:51:58
Looks like about half that many, as it looks to be the same list copied twice.  
@_date: 2014-04-01 20:34:09
Unlike most in the cryptocurrency space, it likely has more to do with the fact that he has an actual understanding of monetary systems, currency and payment rails, and thus is able to understand the benefits of a system like Ripple to the broader financial infrastructure. Ripple as a raw protocol, isn't really for end users and thus seems complicated and is largely misunderstood by most novice "economists" in the crypto space.
@_date: 2014-04-01 03:54:55
Only if they embrace distributed exchange.  This central clearing house model, is the same pre-internet, payment rail crap we've been dealing with.  
@_date: 2014-04-02 02:32:21
You are simply wrong and for someone who is supporting a currency that is "relatively decentralized" and only getting worse, you've got a lot of gall pointing the finger at Ripple.    
And please, let's not talk about protocols that don't scale.  Bitcoin...7tps? You're too funny.  Good luck though and thanks for the chat.
@_date: 2014-04-01 20:37:19
Even though Ripple isn't centralized and it does benefit Bitcoin.  Ironic.
@_date: 2014-04-15 20:14:59
As recent merchant data shows, they would likely not benefit from it because most people don't own Bitcoin.  The only people that would buy there is current holders and that has a significant cap on real spending.  People don't buy Bitcon to spend them and that's why Amazon isn't getting any real demand from people to implement it.