@_author: worldex
@_date: 2018-05-14 04:02:01
hello, 
the site is normal now. we still working on the last stage of testing. you can take a look at the demo version. our site is officially up by May.16.
@_date: 2018-04-16 22:43:58
At present, the cryptocurrency market is relatively small as a comparison to the world
amount of trade in traditional currencies, with the daily volume trading at FOREX market
assessed at 5.1 trillion USD. Even with the current development rate of 1,500 cryptocurrencies
and a market cap of $400 billion, the possibilities of rapid growth present massive opportunities
to serve within an exchange market over the next 2-3 years. Present exchanges that exist in the
marketplace have struggled to keep up with this explosive growth and extraordinary demand
from the hundreds of thousands of new market entrants. In December 2017, some of the
largest cryptocurrency exchanges, paused the onboarding for new users, presenting an
opportunity for the development of WORLDEX to further serve existing and new traders.
WHAT IS WORLDEX
WORLDEX is a platform created for the democratization and development of
crypto trading. In an effort to solve many of the problems that exist in current exchanges the
a team of visionaries and developers set out a goal to dissect the top open-source codebase
(order books, payment gateways, functional scripts, library codes) for functionalities and
security to advance and develop a proprietary modern, yet simple to use the platform. The
knowledge portal will provide a wide range of opportunities for sharing experience and ideas:
streaming of trades, social trading contribution, analytics of recent activities, spotlight on
successful investment strategies, and access to opinion leaders and experts in the world of
cryptocurrency as an unbiased source. The platform will ensure instantaneous mutual swap of
cryptocurrencies within a safe and efficient marketplace.
We ensure priority is given to users to increase the level of trust among community peers by
becoming a key factor in the creation of an ecosystem of a technically advanced backend
with effective tools and aggregation that is served on a simple to use interface frontend to buy/sell cryptocurrencies.
