@_author: worriedhistory
@_date: 2018-09-05 16:07:14
Yeah it's always interesting to read the laundry list of attempts to derail bitcoin. So many calls for the end of it but what have we seen in response? Well, the price action in the last year alone is enough to show. 
The Lindy effect is an interesting discussion that seems to have value in looking at the long term perspective. If something has been around for a long time, it's because it offers a better product or service than anything else. It's not exactly a gamble because it's an asset. Betting on it is a gamble, but owning it is simply having another asset. Existence of something and happening of something can be seen in two different ways.
@_date: 2018-09-03 20:14:09
Hopefully it can spit out more than 50 euros a day. Hahaha. 
Imagine if this was here when the crisis happened a few years ago. Instead of lining up at ATMs in the morning to get their daily 50 euros, Greeks would be queuing up here around the block. Trying to get some real money out of something is like squeezing juice from rocks in some countries. 
I'm sure one of these things would fare pretty well in Argentina right now. 
@_date: 2018-09-01 12:27:44
That's very true. The people who hold out against crypto are quite desperately clinging to their positions in hopes that they will be proven right by a sudden collapse. Unfortunately for them, this just doesn't happen when your currency is decentralized and secure.
You can tell that a country is desperate when they start attacking any other form of money. They're trying to make it look like they are right and everyone else should just hold onto their paper that keeps becoming more worthless by the day because of their incompetent policymaking. Oh well, maybe one day we can have competent governments who are actually responsible for the terrible decisions that they make.
@_date: 2018-09-10 17:27:50
Why is tether so vulnerable to abuses? I don't know much about how it works to be honest, but it seems that a lot of major price manipulations for BTC are done through tether. Is it easier to pump extremely large amounts of money through? 
And yes, a regulated Gemini dollar is just another dollar, isn't it? I mean, sure, you can trade it over the weekend, but it'll be frozen to the closing price of the USD on Friday afternoon. So what would the advantages of it be?
@_date: 2018-09-08 16:26:56
That's the kind of press that Bitcoin needs. Senseless negativity just harms it for obvious reasons, and baseless claims of it being the savior of the world's economy just make us all look like tinfoil hat wearing conspiracy theorists. There needs to be some balance shown, especially in giving the context that it exists in an incredulous appearance. 
We really do live in strange times when a digital cryptocurrency based on blockchain algos is more valuable than other physical assets. No one would've believed this even 10 years ago.
@_date: 2018-09-15 15:18:36
Sure it can... a certificate with MIT on it and a signature of some high up administrator! The prestige and reputation you would gain from hanging it on your wall and putting it on your LinkedIn profile... oh my. 
But yeah, in reality, you could probably find most of this information online. Read through some of these forums, do some google searches, and you'll be fine. The reason why they charge so much is of course because of their name, but also because some people don't know where to start when learning something new like this. They need someone to guide them through it and feed them content.
@_date: 2018-09-12 13:31:54
Yeah well here it is not about being a currency or a store of wealth, it is about the ability to use it in a unique way that has never before been seen. That's why we can have faith in it--we've seen it being used correctly many times.


But this point needs to be spread more (and taught properly). Not just putting it in an offline drive but also in a secure operating environment. That guarantees that no lurking script caught your keys and will drain them out later.
@_date: 2018-09-04 14:43:19
I don't understand how so many correlations can be drawn. You could find a correlation between crypto prices and teddy bear sales in Japan if you bent the data enough. 
Markets move in different patterns that might match each other for certain periods of time, but that by no means that they are the same. Certain coincidences are not a cause for calling patterns or forecasting certain movements. Besides, there is no easy way for institutional investors to get into Bitcoin right now, so why would it have anything to do with DOW or USD?
@_date: 2018-09-09 15:30:16
That's why there's no use fussing over little price fluctuations. The very principle that Bitcoin exists on makes it robust. It's decentralized nature means that it will hold up because people see that as a store of value. 
The only real threat that I can see is a sustained drop below the cost of mining. If somehow the powers that be manage to short it to oblivion and hold it under miner's breakeven for long enough to bankrupt them, there's a risk of total capitulation. But I don't think that's very easy with the amount of money that is in real bitcoin vs. the paper contracts. One more reason not to store coins on exchanges.
@_date: 2018-08-31 16:10:32
$6k will hold as long as it needs to. That's the breakeven level for miners, so they'll defend it to the death. It costs a lot of money to mine because of the electricity being burnt. 
Bitcoin is too robust to fail. Everyone who keeps it knows that it'll work and they aren't afraid of a few little dips. Newbs, on the other hand, and anyone affected by FOMO, are panicking and selling the dips and buying the highs. Oh well...