@_author: worthen
@_date: 2014-09-26 21:11:17
You raise an interesting point regarding the relationship between energy prices and the benefits of bitcoin mining. Let's further examine what a drastic reduction in energy prices would mean for the profitability of mining bitcoin.
First we must understand the mining market as it currently exists. The vast majority of processing power in the Bitcoin Network is wielded by few mining pools, running quasi-industrial mining concerns. As the price of Bitcoin fluctuates there is no doubt that industrial mining companies will adjust their level of production accordingly, similar to how traditional mining companies will cease production at certain mines when the price of gold no longer allows profits to be made from extraction. Unlike the traditional mining industry, however, ASIC miners become obsolete relatively quickly, such that even though the price of bitcoin might be temporarily too low to turn a profit, since the ASIC machine is already paid for, and constantly depreciating in value, it still makes sense to operate it until the marginal cost of mining a Bitcoin exceeds the marginal revenue gained from selling it (in dollars). That being said, there are tons of machines out there that are currently sitting idle, either because their processing power is already obsolete, and/or since the local cost of energy is too high to turn a profit mining bitcoin. So what will happen in the mining market if suddenly the price of energy (an input cost) drops substantially? Both industrial mining concerns and private p2p pool miners that were previously unprofitable and were sitting idle will become relatively valuable once more, and will be brought into the market. This will result in massive processing capacity hitting the Bitcoin Network in a short period of time, ratcheting up the mining difficulty until a new equilibrium point as been reached. Who stands the most to gain from a decrease in mining costs? Most certainly the largest mining pools featuring the most efficient miners who consume the most energy in their production of bitcoins. Perhaps some old rigs will be dusted off and plugged in, and their owners will be able to make a little money. Yet the amount of money they make will be small and only for a short period of time.
