@_author: wowareyoureally
@_date: 2015-10-26 14:02:59
The difference is that Libya lost the confidence of the people, while destroying Allies you don't like destroys trust, confidence, good will, and presents a risk of failure. Hell, there's even an all-or-nothing fallacy. Either we stand up for human rights and Puritannically bomb the entire world for violating them, or we are hypocrites for deciding China isn't worth the effort, or that getting Egypt from continuing the War of Attrition and Yom Kippur war, thus brokering a peace treaty with the Middle East and Israel wasn't worth avoiding the Middle East destroying itself. Instead we should've just bombed them.
You could've said the exact same thing about the repression of Korea and Japan 40-70 years ago, but both are now prosperous democratic countries. Hell, with your blog's glowing description of Gadaffi, we should be absolutely delighted with Mossadegh's Iran, except for the US taint it has.
@_date: 2015-10-27 11:29:59


Lets say the Soviet Union manipulating elections and hijacking political parties for their own ends. You may persist, but the Polish elections in the 1947 were rigged to install the Polish SSR, they installed a Hungarian Dictator in 1945, repeated the political oppression coined by the Nazis to achieve the correct results in East Germany, and annexed the Baltics. This is in addition to ordering terror groups in Western Germany up to 1989, orchestrating and financing the American Communist Party with millions of dollars to win elections, organizing the majority of Communist parties in the rest of Europe, providing Kim Il Sung with enough tanks to reunify on his terms, Maoist China with training, Japanese arms and tanks, and safe haven. The Viet Minh were avid users of suppressing political opposition in elections, having extensive experience and training from Maoist China and the Soviet Union.


It's not a sign of democratic health to have one man remain president for 30 years until his death, then leaving his chair to his son for another 15.


Offering loans, paying for goods, and offering weapons is exactly what we're doing in Saudi Arabia. That is providing comfort and assistance to a state. Don't tell me it's harmless when that sustains wars, especially one where the Southern States attempted and failed to increase the proportion of slaveholding states in the Union by repealing the Missouri Compromise, helping cause the Bleeding Kansas affair - a low intensity conflict in the mainland United States.


It's a self-serving question designed to provide yourself with a soapbox. You don't need to know about my ethics, but you will use them.


You really didn't need an answer to soapbox anyways.
@_date: 2015-10-26 13:30:28
"А у вас негров линчуют"
Ask any Libyan who didn't see bombs dropping until a month after the first demonstrations whether the tribal shooting was a good event. Even Gadaffi spoke about being a warrior and dying a martyr. "I have not yet ordered the use of force, not yet ordered one bullet to be fired ... when I do, everything will burn." If you loathe the events of Kunduz on October 3rd, why does Gadaffi get a free pass for the informant intelligence regime, the CIA extraordinarily renditioning prisoners to Libya for torture in the War on Terror?
@_date: 2015-10-26 20:54:23


Apologies, I meant Reza Shah, not Mossadegh. 


Britain was aiding the Confederates by buying their Cotton while pondering about supporting them directly, The French were selling the Confederates arms and loans, while the Confederates sent massive portions of Great British labor into destitution by refusing to sell their cotton until late in the war. That is an intervention in each other's affairs. Attempting to seperate another's affairs from your economic, diplomatic, or cultural relationship with them is a fantasy. Nothing works like that.


That's all fine until other actors explicitly don't care about self-determination and state they will corner yours. Your argument has little to do with the rationale behind the events you speak of.


Except that the US regularly did and does so with South Korea, South Vietnam, Thailand, and Saudi Arabia to name a few. 
Does bombing Saudi Arabia remove the repression? Cutting Saudi Arabia off encourages them to seek partners who do not care about such values and avoid dealing with the United States in the future, no matter what intentions you have.


And so what? If the US doesn't cooperate with vietnam, that leaves them less options and leads to the very same problem the US embargo on Iraq had. This is again an all or nothing fallacy.


The Vietnam War involved a government we did support against an adversary government intending to impose their determination on it through revolutionary methods. That statement is incorrect.