@_author: wraithfighter
@_date: 2018-01-23 20:29:40
Aye, a good mark of the quality of any informational piece is how it handles the negative stuff, be it presenting it openly, minimizing the impact of it or avoiding it entirely.
For example, over the holidays, I went with my family to a museum about Walt Disney's life... and while it did own up to Walt's, um, "strong anti-union sentiments", it skirted around the worst of that, and some of the other...... less than noble aspects of his life. &gt;_&gt;
@_date: 2018-08-21 18:07:45
If you think my fevered rant about our impending doom in paragraph 3 says "everything is fine", you might want to work on your reading comprehension.
Printing money and boosting the debt didn't solve the problem, but it did stop the spiraling collapse. The problem is that we didn't make the fixes we needed to make after the collapse ended, and have since repealed what token efforts we did make.
But if you think that crypto is immune to the issues of invented wealth that caused the Great Recession, as well as the Great Depression, the South Sea Bubble and countless other issues throughout history? Then I've got a bridge in Brooklyn to sell ya.
@_date: 2018-08-21 17:43:09
...um, while there are certainly issues with fiat currency, that isn't what caused the Great Recession. That was poorly (or entirely non) regulated markets, speculation and outright fraud.
Hell, the reason why the Great Recession didn't turn into a total and complete economic collapse was *because* of fiat currency, because the US Government could print more money and take out more loans to bail-out the load-bearing banks.
...........and then no one at all got put in jail for it, and only weak laws got put into place to try to prevent that from happening again most of which are now repealed or even further watered down and oh look the dow's now at nearly double what it was before everything went to shit what could possibly go wrong now &gt;_&gt;.
...erm. Point, before I verged into a horrified look at the potential economic collapse to come is just that the issues that caused the Great Recession would probably be just as possible to happen with cryptocurrencies as it is with fiat currencies... but without the potential for a government to step in and try to stop the collapse.
@_date: 2018-11-25 11:26:29
Wait, that one in Brooklyn? I've always wanted that one!
@_date: 2018-03-12 09:20:56
(I'll be honest, I'm watching this right now, making notes as I go, because I love Mr. Oliver's work)
1: Should be noted: Dan, the guy that's been talking about cryptocurrencies for years, is probably fucking rich right now &gt;_&gt;.
2: Let's give him credit for admitting that, even in a 25 minute video, he's simplifying things a lot. It's a touch of honesty you rarely seen in news media about, frankly, any subject. Nothing spells credibility to me like someone saying "...I'm oversimplifying shit like crazy, you should check my facts here".
3: ...this might be the first and last time I'll hear Reagen's Bones be discussed as a currency...
4: General theme of this is the standard "Blockchain is awesome, Bitcoin... eeeeeeeeh, be careful, Caveat Emptor, there's a lot of scammers out there", but it's a good "Dummies Guide to Blockchain and Bitcoin" segment :).
5: ........seriously, I know it's unfair to judge a group by it's worst members, but the BitConnect dude makes the sneering ***really*** easy...
6: But seriously, it's important to remember that we are dealing with a wild-west type industry here. The law hasn't caught up, there's scammers everywhere, be very, very careful with your money.
(also Hi Mom!)
@_date: 2018-03-12 10:19:29
That's a bit like comparing a best case vs a worst case.
His stance was basically "The tech behind this is great and has a huge amount of potential, just be careful because there's sharks in the water", with a healthy helping of "Check my facts, I'm oversimplifying". 
@_date: 2018-03-13 01:59:43
He opened up talking about the general impact of the tech. He didn't get into the weeds on it, but he said enough to give the impression of "The tech behind it seems very solid", especially to a general audience.
@_date: 2018-02-12 01:34:40
I think it would be awful for Bitcoin, honestly.
Whatever your... opinion of Trump, it's safe to say that we can all agree that the general popular consensus of the man is... not uniform.
Yes, there are some that would likely buy in more at his support, he has a number of devoted fans. But there's a number of people who are similarly vocal in their dislike of him, and such news would push away those that might otherwise consider it.
And that's just inside the US. Given the issues regarding legalization and regulation in various parts of the world, introducing a "Want to give Trump the finger? Ban bitcoin!" political narrative would only make the seas stormier.