@_author: wreatchxxx
@_date: 2014-08-02 03:30:24
Think : MMO with every item, piece of gold, piece of property whatever, existing in the block chain, ownership rights fully transferable, legally within the ToS for real life funds.  Then think the legitimization of the whole 'gold farming', Virtual property' industry a billion dollar business, in the form of jobs, buy/sell contracts between people in a virtual world creating real world wealth, playing games for a living, fulfilling a demand and getting rewarded for it.  
Then think : VR comes along with AR, which ultimately tie together to allow grandma to shop, at YOUR local mall, from her couch, while you are AT the mall, allowing her to BE with you on black friday, purchasing items at the speed of thought(tm), items that may not HAVE to arrive before Christmas. 
 See, this year there is this new thing that allows for items to be either virtual OR REAL, but once transferred into REAL and shipped that cannot be undone(tm), however until shipped, said item can be 'used' or 'worn' or whatever in the virtual space indefinitely until 'redeemed' or traded/sold to someone else. Grandma has already purchased at a glance(tm) a few bracelets her customizable virtual shopping VR diva(tm) avatar is wearing, one that she will redeem and one for VR black friday shopping, something she had only heard about but did not dare to experience until VR came along.  Grandma happens to know a few things, which she teaches to others via VR through that newfangled kinect thing she doesn't quite understand, after which there is not even a second thought of 'billing' or 'payment' as proof of service rendered is immediate and payments received/disbursed are no longer a source of consternation, leaving efforts to be focused elsewhere.  
Someone spoke of Karma being a thing here, but really, it could be a thing anywhere online now.  Someone likes what u have to say, and gives you karma pts, they could make that WORTH something, which, when u think about it, is kind of profound, and the whole pt in the first place.  What it WILL do is make people THINK before they SPEAK online, which could change everything, if people could take real world dollars away from you for being an idiot, would you? 
Food for thought, will be an interesting ten years.