@_author: writtenorgasms
@_date: 2019-01-11 08:44:04
So they SAY at least. To me though, it boils down to a couple people who are leveraging their fan-base to support a business opportunity for themselves. Nothing wrong with business, but I'm super skeptical of people have not shown to be involved in the crypto tech culture to try and produce a platform that's only successful if they can draw in enough creators - and who they will likely for a good while (if they break the image) only attract people deciding their personal opinions are the same as theirs. The odds of them attracting beyond their fan-base is a tough job for anyone, let alone people who have in turn persuaded people not in their same frame of opinion to not care to be associated with them. This cuts down even further potential creators even adopting the platform. It's not an impossible mountain to climb, just seems like the most likely situation to play out here over the next couple years (if they indeed even do it) is a platform with minimal content and little interest in it.  Even with their collective fanbase number of what 3m+ between the two of them?  I think long term, if it went live, would burn money out from those people and pick a few additional creators. If using their fanbase even, the people in that alone even interested in making content, not even actually doing something they'd be comfortable putting up, is fractional of that. 
Where as larger company adoptions with already many people using it would be far larger opportunity for people being exposed to and more likely to adopt.
This is about money, not who's feelings got hurt over their political ideology feels, those don't pay my bills.
@_date: 2019-01-11 06:19:21
So this could be solved more or less if patreon added bitcoin payment option then, in terms of the crypto community? 
@_date: 2019-01-11 09:21:06
Yeah, I'm all for competition and drive. I just think people really need to look at this highly skeptically vs jumping on just because they like the person. In no way have either of them (to MY knowledge, certainly happy to be shown examples) expressing interest at all prior.  Which leaves me uncomfortable with the idea of investing my time/interest/money into a platform without leadership with a history in the field. 
And I'm not even a creator, a creator has to think about that in addition to who they affiliate with effects their business, if being involved is going to be worth it if they demand some kind of exclusivity, no clue on what would be or could in the fine print yet etc 
This isn't me shitting on the concept of a place creators accept crypto, I think patreon is absolutely foolish for not have done it from the get go, but in this situation. It feels like someone yelling 
"I'm gunna make my own social platform, with hookers, and blackjack!" - is it possible they make something that does something, absolutely, odds of it? Super minimal in my uneducated estimation. 
It could be someone I agree with on ideology, my favorite porn company, or my 78yr grandmother, it's still money. 
@_date: 2019-01-11 03:02:51
Serious question, and explain it to me like I'm 5 is fine, why would they need to create a platform at all? Wouldn't you just... send it like you normally do to who you want to? Why would I need to sign up for some management system they created when I went out of my way to control my money my way?
@_date: 2019-01-11 10:03:03
I'm sure there's a way they could do the same thing, just depending on building the way the management system is set up. It's going through an automation set up, then a fraction of the payment is collected by them and the rest to the content creator. Not a reason to keep them out or hurt themselves.
edit:addition - This alt-patreon will most likely do the same thing to support itself - they wouldn't stay afloat on just donations to the platform for the sake of existing and also donations to content creators - it would be like patreon asking for money directly to the content creator's audience instead of it being fractioned off internally between the creator and patreon. 
@_date: 2019-01-11 06:57:45
Meh, I don't care about that. They got removed, that has very little to do with getting bitcoin/crypto more exposure. Patreon a platform already widely used, adding in the bitcoin usage, would do way more for exposure at its current standing. If the core point is about bolstering adoption, IMO anyway.
@_date: 2019-05-01 14:54:39
It's the 'ol Hucksters crutch.
@_date: 2019-05-01 01:59:39
Thats because he is, beyond what most ppl know him for which is the rich dad/ poor dad book (one he claimed a true story but shown not to be several times) he’s produced series on how MLMs are the perfect business etc / Trump used to make appearances at ACN international events (a MLM company) and this guy would also show up occasionally around the people at the top groups. None of that is directly illegal, but shady hucksters huckst together.
@_date: 2018-12-28 04:18:36
I did, thanks for suggesting, I'll pass it on to him he might watch it.
@_date: 2018-12-27 18:57:23
From what I've seen in my limited exposure to him, my younger brother who is going on 22 is really into him. I think he has a few things to say that are worth thinking over, and I agree in the shared notion of his that people have generalized the notion of debate to a non-dicussion for truth or  growth and is often been about "look at how much smarter I am than you" approach on any side of an argument. That said, he turns around and does the same thing to maintain his image/business. I can't hate on him for using his study of psychology to create a business platform for himself but that's all it amounts to. 
He seems to attract at large of his fan base young men who have come from damaged backgrounds, not having direction in their own lives. Playing on this I think he offers some advice that is good as a basic beginning point of being and adult vs a kid (me and my brother grew up with neglectful and absent parents so a lot his learning was mine taking care of him while I had little if any of my own growing up). But because he has a couple good ideas, and it makes those young men feel empowered to better their own lives they stick to him and idolize his words without constructive critical views or even comparison between him and other 'possibly' helpful people who have discussed the same things before on personal responsibility to yourself before you can help others. He doesn't have a unique message, but the little bits that are helpful and good, he's used as a banner to draw in others and now that he's established a large healthy fanbase as a content creator all he has to do is circle jerk about the same stuff and they will fill the coffers for him.
Certainly nothing wrong with business, business is about selling yourself as much as the product but when it's wrapped up like the seller is doing this BIG favor for you for 'free' a person would be better off taking it in with large grain of salt.
As for his stances with left/liberal/progressive - He seems to often talk about them being 'ok' while making sure his demeanor and body language makes the viewer know he's winking to his fan that he thinks they are dumb/full of shit, compared to his 'master mind'.
 I personally find him rather creepy.
edit: I failed to mention why me raising my brother while only 10 years his older was important to point - obviously I had no idea what I was doing and later on I realized how little I learned about myself, how to conduct myself, and how to focus on what i needed to do for myself (goals/career/study habits etc) until I realized that I had the right to focus on myself, that a level of selfishness(not at the expense of others, but to know when you have to say no to someone) is required to get your own life in order before you can help others. I found my own path, and my brother found Peterson who he feels gave him reason to stop laying around at our loony's mother's house and find himself a job. Though admittedly, I've yet to see him do much of anything yet. I hope my brother continues to grow and takes better care of himself.
@_date: 2018-12-28 04:04:17
Whoof, somebody got rustled.