@_author: wrongontheinternet
@_date: 2011-06-09 14:06:07
I'm not saying that Bitcoin will fail because coins are distributed that way. I'm not even stating agreement or disagreement with Adam Coen's statement. I don't even want bitcoin to make me rich; I just think the idea is cool but didn't hear about it until years after it had started. I am also not even specifying any particular person who I think knows what a "fair" way of distributing bitcoins is.
I'm making an observation about the system as is based on my limited knowledge.
@_date: 2011-06-09 14:01:48
People do all sorts of projects on their spare time just for the intellectual satisfaction. For the early bitcoin community, that's just now being further rewarded in easily-mined "coins" that are now worth $30+ USD each on the open market.
I think that's a great deal of value placed on a fun little experiment considering that a bunch of open source projects out there can't get nearly that much in donations.
@_date: 2011-06-09 13:36:56
No, they invested CPU time, which they weren't using anyway. Yes, that's not negligible (electricity cost, etc.), but people donate spare CPU cycles to all kinds of things. It's silly simple and doesn't really constitute "risk" of any sort.
Now if you're a solo miner without a massive data centre or serious GPUs you can expect to wait...  oh...  years to solve a block and get 50 BTC. Most solo miners are pooled now and without serious computing power it can still take months to get just 1 BTC out of that. It was much easier to get bitcoins back then and now those easily-gained coins are worth $30+ USD each on the open market.
So yeah, some of the early adopters are probably sitting on a small fortune in bitcoins right now.
EDIT: This doesn't really answer the main point very well, which is that anybody could've started mining bitcoins from the beginning and if they did, they would also now have this small fortune. That's true and maybe I'm missing out on some fundamental economic principle, but I think this is bad design for a currency.