@_author: wsdistpro
@_date: 2018-09-19 16:58:11
That doesn't solve that people can currently pay in fiat without any conversion. No one needs to solve for a problem that doesn't exist. Since the current Bitcoin supply isn't being used heavily as a currency and instead is being used as an investment there isn't enough turn around. Dealing with the financial hassles of other currencies can be problematic on taxation and conversion estimates due to flux. If the currency continues to flux and not be spent, it won't be widespread adopted.
The best bet the currency has is having a major intermediate like PayPal picking it up that would handle the flux logic.
@_date: 2018-09-19 15:15:08
That won't happen if people hold and don't spend. There's no incentive to adopt a currency that isn't being spent ;).
@_date: 2018-09-20 15:18:25
... That's not what either of these laws imply. They're related to currency elasticity. Specifically the value of a currencies spending power shifting in the market causing other currencies to be more practical. Even if you want to try to force this rule to apply here, you'd need the dollar to have a relative value nearing zero.
Honestly, it would imply the opposite point because they are typically used to justify "acceptance criteria", more than attribute for why a currency is/isn't adopted.
@_date: 2018-05-15 16:06:27
I feel like you may be a bit fatalistic about government. Keep in mind government spending has brought a lot of incredible progress as well.
@_date: 2018-05-04 16:08:25
An excellent conductor? An important catalytic element? An important dentistry element? Used throughout the world in electronics because of its properties of being able to be layered so thinly without tarnishing or oxidizing quickly? Still commonly used in medicines? A massively important element for aerospace engineering? There are tons of scenarios that -only- gold can be used in.
Gold is a pretty important thing even without it's uses as a currency or luxury item.
@_date: 2018-05-15 21:17:22
Cause we dismantled the infrastructure and school systems? Whats the joke?
What about arpaNET (precursor to internet), NLS 'mouse' (precursor to modern OS), the fiber pathways between the US and Asia/Europe, GPS, BOLT and PAL (the things behind Siri and Cortana), UNIX, Jetplanes, MRI machines, Gorilla glass, CAT scans, water purification, vacuum cleaners, insulation for buildings and cars, smoke/CO detectors, laptops, artificial limbs, titanium shaping. 
The things above are from just **two United States backed agencies** and only within the last 75 years. These are DARPA and NASA. The list is nowhere near exhaustive either for just these two entities. How about electricity, water, and food distribution that doesn't kill you?
@_date: 2018-02-27 16:30:27
It would be rather difficult. Logic cores don't really know what their processing. They just 'know' the most efficient way to process data that is presented to them based on their instruction sets. You can't really remove these without preventing data parsing for anything else that might use similar instructions. 
More likely this would be done at the software/driver level. Which presents a huge annoyance for Nvidia if people start reverse engineering their drivers to get around it.
@_date: 2018-02-27 22:31:38
Let's be a bit more conservative about this. While there is plenty of Windows based competition there is a corresponding amount of jobs.
This argument works well for development as it's a more mixed grab field. But if you're wanting into systems/security you really should have a multi-platform background. There are benefits to both platforms and as an IT professional you need to know them. For example Linux is top tier for web, HPC, etc. But Windows has little competition for core infrastructure, business desktop, and internal facing services.
If your goal is medium/large enterprises you should focus on Windows first. Otherwise start in Linux. Honestly as time goes on applications and development is becoming less platform-centric. Similarly system resource consumption becomes less concerning and pronounced. If these trends continues it will come down to which platform can be supported easily and affordably.
I'm not saying one is better than the other. Just research your preferred industry :).
