@_author: wtflolwhy
@_date: 2017-05-08 04:16:20
Out of curiosity, since you cite one of Macron's flaws as his intent to aid in the "cultural destruction of European culture and identity", how do you decide what is allowed and isn't allowed and what is "European" or "French". What year should we go back to in history and say 'This is where real Frenchmen immigrated to the area'? 
Furthermore, are you suggesting that European culture is so fragile and uninspired that it will undoubtedly be *destroyed* by too much contact with alternative cultures?
@_date: 2017-05-08 04:09:37


Says the guy who was perfectly content to argue for multiple comments about them, up until the point that he got confronted with facts. Dude, just admit it or delete your account. You just got exposed for straight up either talking out of your ass or parroting someone else's BS that you were too stupid to see through. 
@_date: 2017-05-08 08:27:59
My point was twofold. 
My first point is really a question I suppose. You say that your "camp" or this cultural identity that you wish to reclaim is "clearly winning and rising". This implies a strong, growing force. Fair enough. You also refer, in the first post that I replied to, to the "cultural destruction of European culture and identity" as a "*tragedy* in this world". That is a fairly strong stance and leads me to infer that you view this lost culture as extremely valuable, important, and influential (say in the arts, sciences, etc.), no? 
So here's my question: If your culture is *so* inherently superior in every conceivable way, and is such a earthly treasure that its diminishment by means of sharing the stage is considered a "tragedy" then how could it possibly be threatened by an inferior, ineffective, weak and useless in the real world Marxist-liberal one that you claim to be rising up against. 
Actually, the fact that your great "culture" was not only threatened by an allegedly inferior and ineffective Marxist-liberal one but completely displaced - to the point of needing to be risen up against (as in rise up off your knees from nothing) - seems to suggest that it is your culture that is in fact a "disease". Maybe you should stop arguing for the virus to win. 
Second, that you're picking an era of history and arbitrarily designating your modern-day view of the culture of an area (I'm assuming we're still talking France here for this discussion?) while failing to acknowledge that *French* can be Republican France, Napoleonic France, monarchial France and so on. These are all *French* culture of one time or another. Yet popular culture and ideas and political and moral philosophy of France from 1480 was not carried over wholesale (or much at all I would think) to France from 1805 and even less to modern France. So France and *French* culture has evolved and changed over time yet *France est encore France*
I find your point of view interesting and would love to discuss this further with you if you have further thoughts or if I have overlooked a key piece of your argument. :)