@_author: wtfwhatthehell
@_date: 2018-06-14 19:44:34
.... I'm *not talking theoretically*, inflating the value of donations to charity then using it to (fraudulently) reduce your real tax liability was a [well documented]( , real form of tax fraud. 
It's even [an international problem]( since multiple countries have similar deductions on charitable giving.  
You're playing the "but surely" game re: legal matters.  Implicitly assuming they are ( and always have been) as you would assume they would be if they were well thought out and logical and well designed. 
I'm providing sources here and you're arguing from first principles while apparently ignoring them. 
@_date: 2018-06-12 15:45:39
You're describing the intent of the law... not always the reality. 


Donation to evade tax becomes a major issue when "fair market value" becomes debatable. 
The incentives can align such that it's in the charities interest to agree that what they received was worth a significant multiple of it's real value (to encourage more donation) and in the givers interest because, if the multiple is large enough, it can be used to reduce real taxes to a greater degree than the real value of the item donated. 
For example if you donate items you normally sell is the "fair market price" the sticker list price, the cost price or other?
So if a pharma company has drugs a few months away from expiry with a list price of X-million they can donate and then claim a "market value" that is far higher than their "real" market value... but where it's really really hard to prove in court. Production cost might be close to zero, real value might be negative due to being near expiry and cost of destruction but value claimed as a donation may be the list price per pill.  
It doesn't work so well with things like bitcoin where there's a fairly clear market price and it's hard for there to be a large enough disconnect between the realistic price you could get for exchanging bitcoins and the highest listed value on any exchange anywhere.... but there's a real phenomenon on which people's beliefs are based. 