@_author: wtiger1270
@_date: 2017-12-15 22:11:45
If you choose SegWit, what happens the next time a fork is made on the chain?  Will you receive a 1 to 1 ratio of bitcoins for the new fork coin?  like it happened with Bitcoin cash &amp; Gold? or it will not because you are on a segwit chain?
@_date: 2014-01-02 06:04:10
good luck...happen to me and lost 1,800.  since i could not prove anything with no name etc from the buyer, then the buyer could of just said that it wasn't him/her that did the transfer to my account...and so this is the fraud loop-hole.  best to ask for deposit at teller with name proof and receipt and some are even printing an invoice for the buyer to take to the teller and have stamped.  in the end...cash in person is always best
@_date: 2013-12-23 00:56:51
Best way is cash only and in a public place where your back is to the door so that the guy doesn't run out with your cash after the deal.  Better yet if you can have a buddy that takes the cash away into his/her car and drives up to pick you up.  This way no one is mugged on the way out either.  Trading BTC for cash today is where drug dealing was back in the 70's.  Away from public and with lots of precaution...sad really.  However, doable to avoid paying taxes on gains
@_date: 2013-12-22 22:54:54
very easy..happen to me as well.. user wanted to do a customer to customer transfer...I agree, provided my account info..deposit went in just 1 hour after the deal...24 hrs later I see the money in the account and bank freezes ALL my accounts to do an investigation.  I had to wait 7 days for my funds to be released...the user deposit was reversed and I had nothing on paper to show that the deal was legit...the other user stopped responding and he/she could of said that they knew nothing about this  deal and that their bank account online was compromised....I now understand why people ask for "in person" deposit at the branch teller and a scan copy of the receipt...this was you as the seller can show the bank the info and that the transfer is legit.  Still I've seen some sellers going beyind the receipt and having an invoice printed for the buyer to show at the teller so it is more legit.  The teller can verify the funds and that deposit is more difficult for the bank to retract.  In the end, I lost about 1.8 BTC and gain a mark on my account for a while.  Further, the bank customer service manager said that is my fault for letting this happen...go figure...I was supposed to know all this and more that their phone support people who assure me that direct bank transaction was safe, secure etc.  But never detailed about scams....to add injury to insults, the bank send me a pamphlet with details ho to avoid passing my account info and securing passwords etc.  I am now understanding how small mom/pap vendor shops are feeling running a small business.  The bank is just never around when you need them to step in.