@_author: wtrxgamer
@_date: 2018-01-17 02:57:06
It was pretty obvious that it was a scam for a long time, but how on earth did they accumulate $2.6B in market cap with everyone calling them out? Nobody knew Madoff was running a ponzi scheme until the very end.
@_date: 2018-01-22 00:39:24
Markets are irrational in the short run. Once the crypto bubble pops, I strongly believe BCH will come out on top, because it's value is real: it works today. BTC's value is entirely speculative.
@_date: 2018-01-19 05:49:39
It's not going to reduce congestion. Lightning is only useful for lower value transactions, which already left Bitcoin a long time ago.
@_date: 2018-01-03 01:28:03


Because the ability to censor and reject certain commits will always rest with whoever controls the repo, and that's exactly what we've seen with Bitcoin Core. The point in having multiple clients is that full-node operators are able to vote on the consensus. As for determining block size, we've already seen this implemented as Emergent Consensus with EB and AD parameters that allow full-nodes to vote on the size.


Agreed, but if it's truly to be believed that a 2MB block size would cause up to  60% drop in full nodes, why would Core ever activate SegWit, at least before LN is ready? SegWit would allow the block size to grow beyond 2MB, without any actual increase in transaction capacity, so it seems hypocritical to both argue for SegWit, and against a traditional block size increase. Additionally, this is [the exact solution Adam Back suggested in 2015]( so what changed?
One other point I want to make is that the article mentions that mining is the only part of the network that is protected from sybil attacks, but then draws their conclusions based around ALL "full" nodes; not mining ones. A node that is not mining is not truly a full node (see the requirements for running a node in section 5 of the whitepaper), because there's very little economic investment in running one. I could very easily spin up 100 tiny Linux VMs on my VPS provider and run whatever Bitcoin software I wanted to on it for very little money, so drawing conclusions on bitcoin's decentralization based only on nodes will never be accurate; you need to look at the mining distribution.


If you believe that big server farms will destroy the decentralization, then I'm sorry to inform you that it's already been destroyed. Pretty much all mining occurs in big mining farms, and the ones who mine at home are mining in a pool anyways -  a pool that already has massive bandwidth and performance requirements.


Yes, but that shouldn't take the place of the on-chain scaling that we desperately need today. Bitcoin is quickly losing the adoption that we worked so hard to gain, so we should provide a REAL solution while we wait for a successful layer 2 solution.


Maybe not, but it does still provide a solution that works for the time being. I personally think that Ethereum is far more ready to handle long term scaling because they've provided multiple layer 1 and layer 2 solutions, instead of crippling their layer 1 and banking on an unproven layer 2. Additionally, they aren't arguing politics like and do; they're entirely focused on the tech, well, and of course lambo memes.


I'd correct that to say that it's currently an altcoin. If at any point it accumulates more SHA256D proof of work than the Bitcoin Core chain, I would consider it to be the real Bitcoin unless Bitcoin Core overtakes it again. I dislike that Roger keeps pushing this "BCH is the real Bitcoin" narrative because that's not his decision; it's the market's decision. Eventually I do think it's got a good chance to overtake Bitcoin Core, but it hasn't yet; so I call it BCH, not BTC.
@_date: 2017-12-29 20:26:56
That's not at all what was suggested. If the block time was increased, the block reward would be changed to keep the inflation schedule the same. If we're on the topic of picking and choosing Satoshi quotes, why not follow his advice and not worry about how big the block size gets?
@_date: 2017-12-29 16:37:41
I've posted my response, you're free to explain why I'm wrong: 
@_date: 2017-12-29 19:53:27
I haven't admitted that at all. Deadalnix ranks  for BU and  for XT, so it's a pretty big stretch to say that BU and XT aren't independent from ABC.
@_date: 2017-12-30 06:47:25


I didn't say the devs haven't been extremely important. The point I was making is that nothing revolutionary has happened since it was created. It's revolutionary to invent a trustless payment network, not to just maintain one.


How exactly? If you're referring to the DAO or the recent Multisig wallet hack, neither of them were directly the fault of the ethereum dev team; it's just people who wrote bad smart contracts.


I have no clue whether or not Craig Wright is Satoshi or not, but I'd venture to say no given how oddly he presented his "evidence". Gavin retracted his claim that Craig was Satoshi after he failed to actually produce solid evidence. We don't know what Gavin saw behind those closed doors, but if I saw a verified message signed with one of Satoshi's keys, I'd give credibility to that person too. There's plenty of theories that the laptop was hacked, or that the Wi-Fi forced Gavin to download a hacked version of the software, etc. so that's the theory I think is most plausible.


You don't know that either, and again, keeping block size small to accommodate these potential problems isn't going to fix anything. If the government starts cracking down on crypos, you're going to have problems whether your blocks are 32MB or 32KB.


Oh I agree. The block size is a completely fabricated issue. The truth is, BCH shouldn't exist. Had core followed Gavin's suggestion to raise the size to 2MB and then 4MB, I really doubt people like Ver &amp; Jihan would have pushed so hard for something that would divide the community so much, because after all, the goal was to raise the block size, not to create a new coin.


Take a look at both subs; there's shills for BTC calling BCH Bcash everywhere, and very little of the reverse. The clowns are on the BTC side, not BCH.


Suppose we raised the cap to 32MB, and changed the block time to 1 minute. That would mean that on average you'd need a 4.2Mb/s connection for the bare minimum, and would give a transaction capacity of ~960 tps, which starts to get close to the 2,000-4,000 required to compete with Visa. Obviously, 4.2Mb/s wouldn't be fast enough to actually mine on because you'd have a high orphan rate, but nobody mining at home is mining solo anyways; it's all pool mining, which will have access to faster connections. With Gigabit connections becoming more and more common for residential connections, I don't think it's too outlandish to suggest that a 32MB/1 minute plan would be possible in the near future (especially with things like Invertible Bloom Lookup Tables). While I'm on that topic though, what's your opinion on Emergent Consensus? If large blocks are actually such a problem, what's the issue with allowing miners to "vote" on the size so that the market finds the appropriate size given the current bandwidth availability?
@_date: 2017-12-29 23:43:05


I disagree. Bitcoin hasn't really done anything groundbreaking since Satoshi left the project, the only changes have been that more people know about it, and thus the price skyrocketed. Ethereum is far more advanced than bitcoin at a technical level as far as scaling goes, as it allows miners to vote on the gas limit (on-chain scaling), has the Raiden network (off-chain), and eventually will have sharding, and PoS, plus it's mining distribution is pretty comparable to Bitcoin, so it's just as decentralized.


Gavin hasn't been a developer in a few years, but that doesn't make his opinion any less valid. He's still ranked  for commits on Bitcoin Core's GitHub.


You're concerned that the average person on a home internet connection won't be able to run a full node, yet at the same time not concerned that the average person won't actually be able to use Bitcoin. What incentive is there to run a full node if you can't actually accept transactions? It's pointless. As for the firewall, I sincerely doubt that'll happen in America, but even if it did, delaying/preventing on-chain scaling isn't going to help anything. Sure, you could say that it makes it easier to run over the Tor network, but if the government is blocking Bitcoin nodes, they're going to be blocking Tor relays too.




I agree with both of those points completely, although I might add that zero knowledge proofs or ring signatures might need to be added later to prevent miners from not including certain transactions, although it's a minor issue.


I'd agree, but you haven't explained how on-chain scaling will actually cause more centralization, and if you're going to bring up the Great Firewall, we all know that Chinese power subsidies that miners are using isn't sustainable, so China will quickly lose their advantage when the Great Firewall prevents them from receiving non-Chinese blocks fast enough, leading to a higher orphan rate, and less profit.
I'm going to save this chat and set a reminder to look at it in a few years. My main point is that we desperately need on-chain scaling, and that delaying/preventing it isn't actually going to solve anything.
@_date: 2017-12-29 20:14:32
Yes it is. The 5 commits on BU account for 75 new lines and 61 removals, while the 17 on XT account for 2,084 lines and 618 removals. I'll grant you XT isn't as healthy as BU, but more people run BU's full node than XT, so it's not really a great argument.
@_date: 2017-12-29 19:43:28
Thank you for such a detailed reply! I'm still on the other end of the argument, but you do bring up some good points.
You're right to separate the terms money and payment network, but in Bitcoin's case, the two are the same; you can't have one without the other. I disagree that it's a store of value though, because after all, what use does it have if you can't spend it? Gold is a store of value because it's used in jewelry and electronics, and thus it's useful, but it's not a great medium of exchange because it's inconvenient to spend. Bitcoin doesn't have any real value except that it can be used as a medium of exchange, so if you remove that, it's not a store of value, it's a speculative asset.


I don't completely agree on this. If we're looking for Bitcoin to replace Visa, we'd have to be able to handle around 2,000-4,000 transactions per second, far more than the 1MB cap of ~3 tps can handle. Of course, raising the block size isn't the silver bullet solution either, but the network can handle far more than ~3tps today, and as bandwidth becomes cheaper and more available, Bitcoin will be able to scale right along with it, and keep fees low.


I sure hope so! The issue I have is that these clever solutions are being pushed as a replacement for on-chain scaling, something we've needed since fees started rising, and yet LN still isn't ready. It seems like the core developers are more concerned over these layer 2 solutions than actually having a layer 1 that works.


What was the point exactly then? The same dollars I used to buy my car could have just as easily bought coffee, because it's a currency. If we're looking to replace that, it needs to be able to do both, and I doubt people are really going to be interested in opening up a payment channel with their local coffee shop, and doing so via a lightning hub would require I leave my funds in a channel that only supports a small amount of retailers who chose to use Bitcoin, LN, and my lightning hub, or one that can be routed through it.
I sincerely hope I'm wrong, but from my point of view Bitcoin seems to be failing intentionally. I fully intend on hosting my own lightning hub with the Bitcoins I still have left once it comes out, but I really doubt it'll be practical.
@_date: 2017-12-29 17:01:15
I could easily go though GitHub and list the number of contributors, but that number wouldn't exactly be accurate, for the same reason it's not accurate for Bitcoin Core; minor commits and developers that haven't committed anything in a long time don't really count as developers.
Bitcoin Unlimited: 
Bitcoin ABC: 
Bitcoin XT: 
Parity: 
Bitcrust:  
Bitprim: 
ElectrumX: 
@_date: 2017-12-29 17:22:36
I'll grant you that for any other project it'd be a nightmare to have that many development teams, but we're talking about a $250B+ currency, so having multiple development teams is critical to decentralization.
@_date: 2017-12-29 17:32:38
Here's my response to that: 
@_date: 2017-12-29 21:44:42


Again, I sincerely hope you're right, but it seems like far too much of the argument is that it it may work someday, when we have other cryptos that work today. If LN does succeed, what's to persuade merchants to switch back to Bitcoin instead of using LN on top of another coin? The only real reason Bitcoin is still  today is because it's got name recognition from being the first-mover, not because it's the best.


That may be true, but there's plenty of other experienced developers like Gavin that do believe bitcoin can scale, and what's the harm in increasing the limit now as a temporary measure to reduce fees until these other layer 2 solutions are ready?


I do think bandwidth will continue to improve, as least for the next few decades, but even if it hits a peak, what's the harm in increasing on-chain capacity up until that point? As for Government, I think you're absolutely right that they're going to be an issue going forward, after all, we're looking to replace Fiat, but keeping the block size small isn't going to do anything to stop them.


You're right, but that's the exact argument FOR scaling now. Miners are going to start taking a paycut once we reach the next halvening, so if we want to be able to pay for it we're going to have to increase total fees by increasing the number of transactions that can fit in a block, and we're never going to get enough if we keep losing users because they're priced out of using it.


I'm involved because I'm looking for a payment network that can replace government fiat currencies, and that's never going to happen if fees are so high I can't use it. Bitcoin users (rightfully) complain a lot about inflation in fiat currencies, but if the alternative is that I have to pay $100 every time I use it, I'd rather just take the hit with inflation.
I'm afraid the arguments have become far too 1-sided, with only supporting on-chain scaling, and only supporting layer 2 solutions. The truth is, if it's going to be used as a global currency, we need both.
@_date: 2017-12-29 17:42:36
I think the real issue comes down to whether or not you think Bitcoin should be used as money. That's the reason I invested in 2014, and that's what I still believe in. I would very much like to be wrong, but I do think that Core has far too much control over the Bitcoin network. In the past few months we've seen multiple companies drop Bitcoin and the whole currency generally more difficult to use, but nobody here seem to care; all I see are posts claiming that LN is almost here, and how fees are only high because people aren't using SegWit. I didn't buy Bitcoin so that I could leave it in an exchange and sell it for a higher price someday; I bought it to use.
@_date: 2017-12-29 07:55:03
How exactly? Bitcoin Cash has 6+ development teams while Bitcoin only has one. Roger Ver isn't a dictator, but Adam Back certainly is; Blockstream/Core has gotten everything it's wanted, whether the majority of the community wanted it or not.
@_date: 2017-12-30 07:03:42
Thank you for such a well researched reply; you've certainly given me quite a bit to think about, although I will add that Bitcoin Cash's ecosystem is very young and I think it will improve going into 2018. I'll concede to you that BCH's developer ecosystem wasn't exactly what I thought it was until I started looking into the commits today, but that's not an excuse for the still very centralized development team that Bitcoin Core has, with only 2 groups committing over half of the code; after all, BCH wouldn't exist had core followed even the very mild block size increase to 2MB and on to 4MB, because they were far more concerned with layer 2 than with a working layer 1. What I'm trying to get at here is that Core seems to place the fate of the entire project on the promise that these layer 2 solutions MIGHT work, while seemingly ignoring solutions that will work, at least until the layer 2 ones are ready.
@_date: 2017-12-29 16:15:50
That's not entirely truthful. The Bitcoin Core repository has 32 contributors with 30+ commits, and only 24 of them have actually committed anything this year, so it's more like 24 contributors. If you look at the top 10 contributors which have done the bulk of the work you can see 3 of them work for Blockstream, and 5 of them work for Chaincode, with one of them working for both. That means 7/10 of the top developers are affiliated with Blockstream or Chaincode; far from the decentralized development team that's presented. As for Bitcoin Cash's repository, you're right that deadalnix has done the bulk of the development for BitcoinABC, but that's not the only full-node BCH implementation, we also have BitcoinUnlimited and BitcoinXT, of which deadalnix only has 5 &amp; 17 commits respectively.
@_date: 2017-12-30 20:41:52


Shading isn't here yet, but pruning is, and yes, I am running a fast-sync full-node. With ETH, pruning doesn't remove old blocks, it just doesn't compute the old state history, and thereby reduces the storage requirements drastically. Why is this not a problem? Because you don't need old states. My node is still able to replay all transactions and execute all contracts, keeps the most recent states, and keeps all blocks, so it IS a full node.


You're right that CrypoKitties has caused quite a bit of network usage for seemingly useless operations, but you're not looking at it for it's potential. Imagine for a second that instead of storing digital cats on the blockchain it was storing the title to your car, an insurance policy, or even a digital video game item. I think CryptoKitties is an excellent application where layer 2 solutions would be useful. As for ICOs, there's not really anything the dev team can do to stop these from happening, that's the nature of a decentralized system. ERC20 is just the current fad that'll cool down once people realize most of these ICOs have no real value. It's not like Vitalik has been pumping them either though, [here's his comment on it](


Gavin made a mistake. That shouldn't discredit everything he's done for us up until this point.


Is it really that absurd of a suggestion? [Adam Back suggested that exact solution]( back in 2015, long before anyone knew what the scaling debate was. So what changed?


But did the network split in 2015? No. Because block size wasn't an issue until early this year, and there was no reason split. Gavin wanted to fix the issue BEFORE we came to this.


Here's 2 comments in this very thread from &lt;1 month old reddit accounts that say otherwise. [1]( [2](


Just because you don't think BCH will work long term doesn't mean it's a scam. If you want to talk about fork scams, look at BTG, and all the pre-mined coins. If BCH was really a scam, we wouldn't see massive amounts of projects/companies switching to it, and announcing they'll support it as well. 
I certainly appreciate that you've educated me more on your side of the argument, but I still believe that Bitcoin would greatly benefit from on-chain scaling today, and that it's not going to cause all the centralization you claim.
@_date: 2017-12-29 16:27:23
I've been apart of Bitcoin since 2014, so I do very much know the situation. I got involved because I thought it was cool, but also because I actually want to use it as a currency one day. I'm not claiming that BCH is some sort of silver bullet than can solve everyone's scaling problems, but if you'll put the pitchforks down for a minute and look at their proposals, I think you'll find they're very well thought out, specifically things like the new DAA, Emergent Consensus, and Xthin.
@_date: 2017-12-29 08:35:39
The point in having multiple development teams is that no one person or entity is calling all the shots. As for the development teams, I was referring to Bitcoin Unlimited, BitcoinABC, BitcoinXT, nChain, Bitprim, and Bitcrust. You're right that Satoshi said there should only be one client as consensus issues were hard to manage, but I think that should be taken in context. He said that in 2010, when Bitcoin didn't have a huge development team and the technology was still very new. If you're going to quote Satoshi, why not look at this one: "The eventual solution will be to not care how big [the block size] gets"
@_date: 2017-12-29 17:59:31
Satoshi set the block time at 10 minutes, but he never mandated that it'd have to stay that way forever. In fact, the whitepaper only mentions the 10 minute time target once, and only as a suggestion. The reason they're considering shortening the block time is really just to allow more transactions per second without touching the 32MB message send limit, although I do imagine that will have to be changed sometime in the far future.
@_date: 2017-12-29 17:11:49
I've never gotten a single satoshi from Ver. The thing is, he paid me in BTC so the transaction is stuck in the mempool.
Jokes aside, here's the 7 development teams I was referring to:
Bitcoin Unlimited: 
Bitcoin ABC: 
Bitcoin XT: 
Parity: 
Bitcrust:  
Bitprim: 
ElectrumX: 
@_date: 2017-12-29 20:03:58
I'll grant you that core's repo has more commits than XT's, but you still haven't addressed the conflict of interest that exists when 7/10 of the top developers for Bitcoin work for Blockstream or Chaincode, with one of them working for both, not to mention the fact Blockstream has managed to get everything it's asked for despite the lack of industry backing it, particularly the fact they were able to block the 2x part of Segwit2x, something that exchanges, miners, and other sites overwhelmingly wanted. The only reason it was called off was because Core threatened to further split the coin by refusing to support it.
@_date: 2017-12-29 16:49:15
Do you have the facts to back that up? Because I do. If you look at Bitcoin Core's GitHub, you'll see that there's only 32 contributors with 30+ commits, and only 24 of them have committed anything in 2017. If we look at the top 10 developers (200+ commits) you'll see that 3 of them work for Blockstream and 5 of them work for Chaincode (with one overlap), so there definitely exists a conflict of interest. While we're on that topic though, would you care to explain why Gavin was removed from the repo in 2016?
@_date: 2014-10-06 21:25:40
I can. I use TOR, but I usually just try to do it normally before I try proxies.
@_date: 2014-10-09 03:09:27
As far as I've seen, the FBI's case is falling apart, as many things in it violate warrantless searches, and contain false information.
@_date: 2014-06-27 03:44:25
Have you won any disputes? This really makes me mad someone would do this to someone, espically a small business.
@_date: 2014-05-12 23:57:42
Would you consider yourself a right-wing libretarian? 
@_date: 2017-08-01 14:21:40
Really? Even if you assume that the hashrate doubles every difficulty period and that all blocks are full, you would only need a 55Kb/s connection to run a full node. Are we really restricting block sizes to make sure you can run a full node on a dial-up connection?
@_date: 2016-11-07 18:35:32
Thanks. 12rJtACBsV6uLJntC5JR1WK3QpgCZQ3WQQ
@_date: 2017-11-23 23:15:46
Are you watching me or something? This is exactly what's happening at my family Thanksgiving right now.
Edit: My uncle asked about it and I tried to explain it, but I'm not sure they really understood it. I'm sure they'll understand it in a decade though.
@_date: 2015-03-26 23:15:10
There's a quad core pi now?
@_date: 2017-07-06 11:17:01
BitcoinABC isn't nearly as dangerous as UASF. Invalid blocks will be included after a day, and won't cause a 51% attack.
@_date: 2017-07-23 19:03:21
It's safe to spend your coins, but I'd wait for a few more confirmations than normal.
@_date: 2017-07-23 17:51:55
Completely agree. Not your keys? Not your coins.
@_date: 2017-07-17 03:15:26
Anyone who thinks they can predict the market is either:
1. Lying
2. About to lose their money.
I'm not saying Bitcoin won't go back up, but claiming you can predict it is bogus.
@_date: 2017-07-21 03:50:00
!RemindMe 1 year
@_date: 2017-07-10 18:36:08


@_date: 2017-07-21 01:35:27
LN will be a very useful tool, but that doesn't mean we don't need a block size increase. Even if everyone was using LN, we'd still need a block size increase to be able to accommodate new users and close channels.
@_date: 2017-06-28 16:15:54
What do you mean? ENS has been live for a month now, and I've already been able to secure my own .eth address.