@_author: wulfhound
@_date: 2015-01-15 12:02:39
What's even more messed up is that such a ban is, in effect, worldwide.
To be clear: the EU regards its VAT rules as applying globally (even to sellers based outside the EU). So, in theory, a US-based business may be liable to the German VAT authority for any sales made in Germany.
And yet, in the case of an anonymous transaction, the seller has no way of telling whether the buyer is even in the EU or not: and therefore no way to tell whether or not there is any requirement to know more, no way to tell whether the EU has any jurisdiction whatsoever on the transaction.
This applies even to EU businesses: if I, as a Brit, make an anonymous sale to a US customer, that falls outside the scope of EU VAT. But if, due to anonymity, I can't determine the customer's location, then I have know way of knowing whether to apply the rules at all.
And that's the fundamental problem with making the /seller/ completely liable on a transaction whose intent, initiation and mechanism may be largely controlled by the buyer. Pretty typical for the EU though - there's a strong tendency to make businesses liable for everything (even hobby businesses and startups) and consumers liable for nothing.. hence stupid rules banning lead in electronic equipment to prevent landfill contamination, instead of stiff penalties and education campaigns to deter people from throwing electronic equipment in the general trash.
@_date: 2015-01-15 15:17:08
I disagree. While outright anonymity ("There is no means by which you can identify or trace me") is never guaranteed online, partial anonymity ("We will complete this transaction without either party revealing more than the minimum necessary to effect transfer of funds") is useful and valid - but now illegal if the buyer is located in the EU, regardless of where the seller is located.
Which creates the farcical situation that, if you don't know where the buyer is, you don't know whether or not you need to know. In effect, the EU authorities are requiring non-EU sellers to keep records of non-EU customers, just to prove that they weren't EU customers. 
That's what they'd like to do, at least. Good luck enforcing it.