@_author: wyrdos
@_date: 2015-07-23 23:01:44
Neither? Just not a programmer or cryptographer...Just trying to figure out how it works.
@_date: 2015-07-23 23:34:09
For someone who seems to reply thoughtfully to many posts, it's disappointing to know you resort to ad hominem attacks because you think something's a scam...
[1.5 million in VC funding]( and a growing user base suggests that many people think differently than you. 
Anyways, this wasn't a post on the morality of their operation, or even their viability...It was a technical question of how they implemented it into their operation.
@_date: 2015-07-23 23:43:08
Thanks for the reply! 
Is it not essentially centralized though considering the coins are distributed by them? They say it's 'not mined.' 
It'd be really interesting if interacting with the site was actually the mining mechanism.
To your question, are there other social networks that use crypto in general? Reveal is the first one that I've even heard of.
@_date: 2015-07-26 23:23:42
1) Amazon Coin is a good analogy.
2) I never made RVL out to be on the same level as other cryptos.
3) I included a link so if people hadn't heard of it, they could check it out.
4) I understand how Bitcoin and currencies work. I've held it since 2012 and also hold Counterparty and Ethereum, among some other sh** alt coins.
5) Don't understand the beanie baby comparison, but haha okay.
6) They're business model is driven by their Revealcoin so by the transitive property...you understand.
Here's another question for you...and this may be an oversimplification of how crypto mining works/can work, but what if instead of being pre-mined, their coin was actually mined through interacting with their site. I know discovering blocks in bitcoin is random, and miners are paid through transaction fees as well, but what if the protocol was changed to Interaction(x) = Block Reward(y)
Like Bitcoin, as more 'miners' (in their case users) joined the network, the difficulty of discovering coins would go up, which would mean each individual interaction would yield less coins.
This way they wouldn't be pre-mined and distributed through a central entity resulting in a more true cyrptocurrency. Please tell me if this is a completely off base thought, but try to keep the name calling to a minimum. :)