@_author: x00x00x00
@_date: 2018-01-01 23:35:01
The only place I have seen gold even get a bit of traction as a personal investment is in the United States - and it was almost entirely within the Glenn Beck listening, doom-and-gloom, build a bunker type crowd (not to stereotype - but there is a huge disproportionate representation amongst this audience and we know they're receptive to it).
In South Africa and Australia where gold mining is prevalent and there are entire communities built around the industry I always saw prospectors selling gold for hard currency or property as soon as they could.
During even the best years of the gold boom I don't recall anyone, particularly anybody young - asking what the hype around gold was and how to invest in it. 
If they couldn't get it adapted during that boom and amongst communities that earned gold then I don't think it will ever happen. Golds best days are probably behind it, and I can't see the main forward driver being anything other than industrial applications (10% of supply) and jewelry (about 50%)
The numbers are already bearing this out. Total gold demand [shrunk 9% year-on-year]( in the last quarter of figures. Investment demand was down 28%. China has been slowing demand, Indian demand in jewelry has dropped 25%, sovereign holders are selling or trading out and the investment funds are trading out (and we know what is now becoming available as an alternate to these same funds)
@_date: 2017-12-15 18:03:07
The Bitcoin *code* is open source, which is copyright and owned by respective authors. 
The Bitcoin name is a trademark and owned by Mt Gox of all people
The Bitcoin logo is copyright and is creative commons licensed 
There is nothing about open source that gives you a right to a trademark. Primary example of that is Android is open source and there are plenty of Android forks, but they aren't allowed to call themselves Android as the trademark is owned by Google.
@_date: 2017-12-15 17:57:45
this is reddit - you're not supposed to actually read it 
@_date: 2017-12-15 17:34:38
@_date: 2017-12-30 08:06:16
You should just point to the official images - they separate btcd and lnd properly, provide a compose file, have a run script, etc.
I also believe the lightning project have intentionally not yet published those images to a registry since the project is still in flux and the image hasn't setup external auth or storage
We're still some way away from a single docker run bringing up an lnd node but not *that* far away - it would def be good if there were more contributors to the official repo and docs around some of this supporting infrastructure 
@_date: 2017-12-15 18:09:29
How he still has a rep to burn after the Mt Gox fiasco I will never know
@_date: 2017-08-22 08:33:38
By that measure David Chaum contributed nothing to Tor, Phil Zimmerman nothing to GnuPG, Tompson and Ritchie nothing to Linux, Hejlsberg nothing to c Stroustrup nothing to c++, etc. etc. etc.
While Adam isn't on the same level of contribution to Bitcoin as these contributors do to their respective projects, almost every successful technology has the designers and thinkers who influence the direction of a project and are much more well known than those who write the code and are often painting by number.
The architects and designers often don't do the grunt work and with Bitcoin Core specifically there is not a lot of amazing code or much of the implementation to be proud of from a code quality perspective. 
@_date: 2017-08-22 08:41:48
I disagree with a lot of new Rodger but I would never trash, diminish or disrespect him as some people in this thread are to Adam. Roger worked his ass off for years evangelizing Bitcoin - appearing in the media all over the world, getting users connected, sending out free startup coin to users, etc.
I think a lot of people can recognize that even with his flaws, Roger is responsible for some part of the $4k+ price we all enjoy today.
His evangelism was contagious, and he was always very positive talking Bitcoin and it's future up. It wasn't that long ago that hosts on TV networks like MSNBC and Bloomberg would cuckle when he would say that Bitcoin would be worth thousands of dollars someday soon. 
@_date: 2017-08-22 08:37:15


Sounds perfect - just replace 'Linux' with 'Bitcoin' and get a board together. I bet it will be brilliant!
@_date: 2017-11-02 03:07:17


I would never trust a laptop without UEFI and secure boot. There is just far too much malware that survives OS reinstalls 
@_date: 2017-11-02 03:00:18
or you can just tell everyone to download it from the official website and not muddy the waters for potential scams^[0]
People who know how to use git know how to use git ..
^[0] in b4 electrum tutorial asks users to checkout from github.com/*sepsmilo*/electrum etc.
@_date: 2017-11-10 06:39:50
Bitcoin fundraising is a pretty small world. Many bitcoin businesses aren't making money (110-105% mining reward anyone?) so they're constantly on the fundraising tours and often meet all the same people.
Those investors all talk to one another - it's common that an investment decision wouldn't be made without speaking to some of the other investors who are thinking about making the same investment.
At least with VC's - they'll share parts of their due diligence (or rely on another firm entirely). Also it doesn't matter if the founder is wealthy - if you can raise $50M on a $500M valuation and not spend your own money, you do it. Fundraising in recent years has been (or was) a cheap way to get a lot of capital
So it isn't unrealistic to believe that a) bitcoin.com isn't profitable or want to expand more rapidly b) they're attempting to raise money c) they went through some due diligence c) the results of that were shared broadly enough to the point where an anon on reddit would spill part of it
afaik bitcoin.com has never announced a fundraising round while if you believe their numbers and story it should be possible for them to raise a lot while giving up very little 
@_date: 2017-11-10 06:26:02
This is economic incentive at work - it's amazing how powerful it can be and extraordinary that Satoshi tapped into it for Nakamoto Consensus 
@_date: 2017-11-09 05:06:00
He was also compromised by Craig Wright - which is kinda scary 
@_date: 2017-11-15 19:46:15
That doesn't scale tho - you could have a fork every week and you'd have to sit there and write support for it as well as all of the protection involved. 
You end up dedicating so many developer resources that you'd become a bitcoin forking company rather than a bitcoin company
Users should know that the default position is to support Bitcoin and to do it well and if they want Coin X they need to move it themselves to a platform that supports it
@_date: 2017-11-10 07:00:14


@_date: 2017-11-02 14:50:27
You really can't be completely safe - your best option is to avoid USB to communicate over the airgap
Use a verified DVD to install the OS and applications and don't run updates
For communicating over the air gap use QR codes or enter the data manually. You can scan a QR code onto a phone and then have the air gapped machine read the QR code from the phone.
There is a discussion of this on the [securedrop issue tracker](
I've seen specialized smart cards used to move data with smart card readers (this is used in highly secured environments like having keys signed) - but I think that is out of realistic reach of most people
If you want to use USB - your best hope is to detect the malware that flashes the USB drive with good endpoint security. Second would be to avoid cheap USB disks (its common for altered firmware to exist on cheap disks you find on eBay etc. as they misreport their capacity), or dump the firmware and compare a hash to the firmware providers 
Only other options I know is a product called IronKey - they provide both an encrypted USB volume with signed firmware which in theory should prevent malware. I've been meaning to buy one - they [specifically promote themselves as providing hardware disks that mitigate this threat](
This is one of those problems that is going to take a while to fix - it requires having updated USB protocols that only allowed signed drivers, and even then additional details. Note that there has been malware that has signed itself with stolen or forged certificates - and that this is such a hard problem to solve that even the US military has had its airgaps breached by malware (Stuxnet is prob the most famous case)
@_date: 2017-11-02 06:48:48
Equation Group malware and Hacking Team malware have both had firmware persistence including UEFI and USB. CERT do a [report every year]( on the state of threats and have highlited the risk of firmware based persistence and obfuscation as being a major risk.
There are some samples out there and it's probably just a matter of time before somebody adapts them as modules in a crypto targeted attack.
Here are the main risks and problems:
1. With firmware persistence OS wipes don't remove the threat
1. More concerning, you **can't trust your antivirus to find the malware** since the firmware can be modified to return a false positive. The only way to detect is with secure/trusted hardware
1. Further concern: USB firmware can be, and has been, infected to spread across air gaps
1. radio chipsets and firmware are 
1. I don't know of any bitcoin apps outside of hardware wallets that use TPM or an alternative
There is the Hal Finney post talking about using and applying [TPM for Bitcoin]( There are more options available today
I haven't seen a case yet of someone building end-to-end secure computing for offline bitcoin storage and signing - but it would be possible. At the very least you can secure your boot loader, kernel and OS with TPM or [Intels SGX]( - and then either build or wait for wallet support 
It wouldn't be crazy to suggest either a non-internet connected iPhone or iPad. Both have an SE and secure boot - iOS security is [very very good]( - and I believe that the TouchID enabled Macbooks have an API-exposed SE that could be used by a Bitcoin wallet
In terms of the hardware wallets - I was a bit disappointed to find out just how the Trezor worked - storing the PIN in memory and doing a simple encrypt/compare. You negate a lot of the benefits of secure computing if the userland application of it isn't any good.
A lot more that can be done in this space - but at the very least today you can secure everything up to the Bitcoin wallet application with trusted/secure hardware. Either off the shelf dell/lenovo/apple or a build yourself skylake-based intel without radios. It's all rather very interesting - i'd be curious as to what markets holding millions/billions in bitcoin are doing right now when they need to sign transactions or if they're just relying on distributing the risk via multisig and offline
edit: to add, you'd want to avoid hardware with management engines and remote "features"
@_date: 2017-09-19 16:09:11
Tor relays are [already blocked in China]( - most [Tor use there]( is via the Meek and obfs4 pluggable transports, which have so far proven to be very resistant to censorship.
@_date: 2017-09-11 16:25:45
It wasn't - which is why the big fuss being made during the presentation Q&amp;A and online today should be defused.
You can't both argue that this bug was so serious that disclosure was irresponsible, while at the same time not putting out a hotfix patch but rather waiting for the next major release to patch it.
It's either a serious bug and worthy of an immediate fix, or not a serious bug and could wait for the next major release.
@_date: 2017-09-13 07:31:01
It wasn't tho. JP Morgan were fined for what companies they were forced into acquiring did before they were acquired. 
@_date: 2017-09-11 14:59:45
It's more reckless to wait for the next major release to incorporate a security fix and rely on confidentiality that it won't leak. I don't know of any software project that does that - especially for what is supposed to be a major vulnerability.
Imagine Ubuntu telling you to upgrade to 16.x or any major dist upgrade to get security fix - it simply doesn't happen. 0.14.x is the most recent version and it should be kept up to date with patches - 0.15.x was a beta at the time this was discovered.
The fix should have been made on 0.14.x and it should have been pushed out asap - 60, 70 or however many days ago it was.
@_date: 2017-09-28 17:18:01
If somebody from outside of Bitcoin asked me for a tl;dr of the current fork situation, you wouldn't send them this.
It's actually difficult to find objective writing that covers the topic with a little bit more depth
@_date: 2017-09-23 14:34:42
Brand confusion can be helped with trademarks. Many open source projects keep the code open but enforce trademarks. You can fork all you want, but you can't call it Linux, Android, etc.
The knee jerk reaction for many is to keep the term open and free to use - but you can start to see some of the problems with that. There could be an ICO tomorrow called Bitcoin
On that note - I remember reading once that MtGox held some Bitcoin trademarks (altho not in the USA) - anybody know the status of this?
@_date: 2017-09-13 07:28:31
They were also forced by the government to acquire Bear Sterns at what was originally a ridiculous price, but later renegotiated.
They also had to acquire Washington Mutual after they folded and issued ~$10B in new stock to absorb them.
After the government forced them into these acquisitions and TAARP they then fined JP Morgan for what Bear Sterns and Washington Mutual did during the crisis. It's really pretty crazy. 
They and BofA were some of the only sources of stability and liquidity during the crash yet they were punished for it.
@_date: 2017-09-11 16:24:14


Thats not the meaning of diversity in this context. It means diversity of the network (or populations) - which is particularly important in bitcoin with 50+1% attacks. 
Here is a good [article on it in relation to Tor]( which has been dealing with exactly this longer than Bitcoin has




@_date: 2017-09-28 18:42:48
It is - pulling all the transactions into blocks and then adding them to the blockchain. When there is no longer a block reward (which isn't until next century) they'll still get the fees from all the transactions.
The hope is by then this pays for the costs of mining alone
@_date: 2017-09-28 15:12:12
There are different types of forks - if the fork doesn't have consensus then its a split.
The goal of segwit2x as I understand it is/was to hard fork the protocol but to avoid a consensus fork and split. What grandparent is saying is that the later is now unavoidable (hence two coins and user choice, etc.)
@_date: 2017-09-15 05:44:40
They're thieves looting an entire nation. All the propaganda about being against imperialism is to fool people like yourself. 
@_date: 2017-09-11 16:13:29
I fear that the politics is overshadowing any rational or insightful discussion. I'm generally a very strong supporter of core, but as someone running nodes I can't defend not treating this patch as a security hotfix and applying it to 0.14 rather than holding it for a major release. 
@_date: 2017-09-28 18:13:37
It doesn't have to be real Satoshi to challenge the patent claim - anybody can make a prior art or other claims against patent applications
See [public participation in patent examination](
@_date: 2017-09-15 02:09:39
It's dissapointing how poorly Bitcoin choses its heroes sometimes with both Kim Dotcom and McAfee. Dotcom doesn't understand any of this - he bandwagons issues for his own benefit - did it with PirateBay, Snowden, Greenwald, etc. and [steals]( most of what he posts online
It's all part of his campaign to portray himself as persecuted when he is nothing more than a common thief who has thrown everybody around him under a bus to save himself.
Bitcoiners need to realize that lionizing these people is a double edge sword - if you think you're not also associating bitcoin with everything negative these people ever do then you're wrong 
You're not missing out on anything by ignoring these fools - they bait bitcoiners into covering them - but its not like they're saying anything insightful we'd be missing out on.
@_date: 2017-09-28 08:49:00


There are two views on this - the Bitcoin maximalists and the Bitcoin minimalists. The maximalists believe bitcoin will replace fiat and be accepted everywhere. The minimalists view Bitcoin more akin to the infrastructure of the Internet where applications are built on top of it.
I lean towards the later minimalists view because I don't think a single currency can be applied to the entire global economy. We'll need many currencies but a single blockchain. Not just currencies but there is a lot that can be implemented on the blockchain - rewards programs, credit rating, property registrars.
There is a real problem being solved here - disintermediation of trusted parties. There are so many places where this is used in our world today that it isn't obvious immediately where it can be applied. Same way the web disintermediated middle men and it was difficult to envisage AirBnB and Uber back in the early 90s.
In either of these cases the core blockchain becomes a valuable network and valuable record space. The only failure case I see for blockchains is an alternative to Bitcoin, not all of them failing - it's too revolutionary a concept.
I buy the argument that Bitcoin has become too popular too quickly - before there is enough application, but it is very difficult to undo so many people being so fanatically obsessed with a technology. You're never never going to be able to convince everybody that Bitcoin is worth zero - and attempting to argue it has the opposite impact because of the blowback effect. Tens of millions of wallets, 100,000 nodes, 300k subs here, billions invested, the worlds largest super computer, etc. I don't even know where to begin to create scenarios and probabilities where this might go away - but I can create scenarios and assign probabilities to it growing.


They can try to block the network but it won't work - it's too resilient. China has a ridiculously expensive nation-wide firewall powered by a lot of data and machine learning but all it takes to route around it is a single connecting node obfuscated in web traffic. They haven't succeeded in blocking Tor and Bitcoin should be more resilient since every client can relay traffic
They can attempt to block the interface between bitcoin and the financial system but there will always be jurisdictions that outcompete by allowing it. It's better to know what is happening on Bitcoin by applying regulation to it rather than driving it underground or offshore
I'm completely open to hearing why Bitcoin would fail, but it would have to include a replacement in the argument because you can't uninvent blockchains as they have far too much utility. It would also have to rationalize how hundreds of thousands of fanatics change their minds - today what is considered bad news for Bitcoin sees most of these people rallying to buy "cheap" coins and holding on. It's human nature to be stubborn like that. 
I've yet to hear anyone lay out such a scenario that is both plausible and probable 
@_date: 2017-09-19 16:02:21
This is why we need bip150/151 - it is long overdue, p2p traffic in the clear and unauthenticated nodes should never have gone on for this long.
@_date: 2017-09-11 16:48:45
Or the bug wasn't a big deal and the response to it was overblown
@_date: 2017-09-13 07:23:57


That's retail banking - investment banking is different. Investment banking would have a role to play in crypto - many exchanges are replicating what investment banks and market makers do outside of crypto.
@_date: 2017-09-27 14:46:14
A few years ago I would find it hard to believe that there would still be doubters of Bitcoin were the price to hit $5k - but the doubt today is as great as it ever was.
Some people will always be negative - they'll always find a way to justify that view to suit the circumstances
@_date: 2017-09-13 07:22:20
It's not obvious. They have the same level of liability that you would if you left a review for a product on Amazon and rated it 5 stars and someone bought it and didn't like it. Worse in this analogy it would be the author of the book or publisher *paying somebody* to leave a review and rating of the product.
If you're a fund manager and you invest based on what the ratings agencies say then you aren't doing your job. You can literally be replaced by a script that just picks up whatever the ratings agencies provide.
You're supposed to do your own due diligence - thats what fund managers are paid for. They had more than enough information to see that a lot of the CDO's and swaps were crap - the same info that many others used to bet against them.
Everyone in finance knows who pays the ratings agencies - its the difference between their rating and your own analysis and rating where you make or lose returns.
@_date: 2017-09-24 00:58:17
really disappointed in Altucher - he should know better. I've been following him for years and while he has always had a little bit of a "FREE REAL ESTATE SEMINAR" type of vibe, I think that part of him is starting to takeover since it wins audiences.
@_date: 2017-09-11 18:04:03


Bitcoin is designed for security not reliability. You can bring nodes back up, you can wait another hour for a transaction to clear, you can't reverse a transaction. 
I don't understand the rest of your comment - metaphors usually only confuse things.
@_date: 2017-09-27 15:10:26
Slow Segwit and L2 adoption is a symptom of uncertainty. It isn't solved with further uncertainty.
@_date: 2017-09-19 16:03:56


not that I agree with their justification - but It would have been trivial to link hardware ethernet addresses to order / customer details when shipping units out
Many enterprise hardware vendors do just this - for support and licensing 
@_date: 2017-10-04 16:44:07
McAfee can eat shit (literally)
@_date: 2017-09-27 15:12:06
While I don't agree with him - stick to arguing the content and merits. Not everybody is comfortable with having prolonged and established identities online and registering throwaways is a good privacy strategy (reddit makes it easy)
@_date: 2017-09-15 02:09:39
It's dissapointing how poorly Bitcoin choses its heroes sometimes with both Kim Dotcom and McAfee. Dotcom doesn't understand any of this - he bandwagons issues for his own benefit - did it with PirateBay, Snowden, Greenwald, etc. and [steals]( most of what he posts online
It's all part of his campaign to portray himself as persecuted when he is nothing more than a common thief who has thrown everybody around him under a bus to save himself.
Bitcoiners need to realize that lionizing these people is a double edge sword - if you think you're not also associating bitcoin with everything negative these people ever do then you're wrong 
You're not missing out on anything by ignoring these fools - they bait bitcoiners into covering them - but its not like they're saying anything insightful we'd be missing out on.
@_date: 2017-10-07 14:38:27
I'm not trusting Politico - I read the Cyberstrike report and what Facebook put out.
@_date: 2017-09-15 05:47:18
If you think Venezuela is a democracy then you're deluded. It's a kleptocratic class of elites who are looting a nation in a coalition with the military. Even the company that provided their voting machines said the results were rigged. 
@_date: 2017-09-28 11:50:29


It depends on the terms. Many founders have raised a lot of money and grown all the way to becoming public companies without giving up control. It is actually very common in Silicon Valley because of how hot the investment market has been.
It's hard to know how much sway DCG has over each company without knowing the terms of the investment. For some of them they've lead early rounds of investment, while in others they've merely participated in much larger and later rounds.
@_date: 2017-09-11 15:04:33
Thats on core then - it's well known in bug hunting circles to monitor git logs of projects to find security bugs to exploit.
For all effective purposes - committing that patch *is* announcing the bug.
You can't rely on obfuscating the purpose of a patch to keep software secure
@_date: 2017-09-28 11:26:29
No reason why not - i'm just nervous that this might all be left too late and many users will be getting their information from signatories of the NYA 
@_date: 2017-09-28 09:02:03
That's the good thing - for 2x to fail we don't need to convince these individuals to change their mind. Thats the same fallacy that lead them to believe they could succeed. 
We just need to inform users that to keep their Bitcoin safe, they'll have to avoid any application that is going to switch to the 2x fork and won't be offering access to Bitcoin. I don't think its viable for any of these companies to cut off Bitcoin - but if they do plan on doing that users should know now so they can save their coins and not be forced to switch to Bitcoin Enterprise Edition 
@_date: 2017-09-28 11:45:15
Is there a single company with an investment from them that isn't supporting the fork? I don't believe there is.
@_date: 2017-10-29 23:32:25
They've become everything they set out to route around - a conspiratorial and paranoid bunch that all propagate the same groupthink. It has gone so far into the surreal that it almost parodies itself.
used to be my main Bitcoin sub (I always read both). Just as the block wars were starting out I was *really* on the fence about what to do. I didn't support any of the fork attempts, but I did think that a gradual block size upgrade slope wasn't a bad thing as it could keep pace with storage prices.
At that early time and before the more recent form of the debate was a great resource and subscribing to both subs was a good way (perhaps the only way) to get insight into the *complete* argument. I remember many times not being able to tell the difference between the subs in the title or comments and a lot of the same people contributed to both.
It is very different now. I don't think this split has anything to do with the technical merits of the debate and has long regressed into a meme and propaganda war where much of "anti core" is about defining yourself by who and what you're not, rather than who or what you are, and why. There are a lot of people who are anti-core for a lot of different reasons, so it brings all sorts of strange allies and beliefs into I also believe the blowback effect is in full force with a lot of people. No matter how much you attempt to to reason and explain the process or the block debate (and I by no means believe Core is perfect or flawless) it tends to only entrench people further in their positions. This is another hallmark of a political split based on character, where the other side not only has a tendency to believe conspiracy theories and also establish a victim narrative around their beliefs.
I really want this over with and no more major fork attempts for at least a while, so the work on progressing Bitcoin can continue (I don't believe Ethereum would be anywhere near as big it is today had it not been for Bitcoin effectively being frozen for so long) and Bitcoin Cash and that community can then completely split away, carry on with their 8MB or whatever blocks, and begin to define themselves for who they are and what they do well rather than just not being Bitcoin Core. 
@_date: 2017-09-28 10:02:44


Now that everybody has conceded that 2x is a fork - doesn't that de facto make it a failure since the entire point of NYA was consensus? 
The entire second part of the NYA talks about better coordination in finding *safe* solutions to improve scalability and signaling. It is hard to characterize a complete software fork, a network hardfork and no replay protection as safe and coordinated.


You're disagreeing with the method rather than the outcome. Hard forks should be a last resort and cannot be deemed safe and reasonable if there are alternatives. The UASF has already demonstrated that a scalability solution could be achieved without requiring a hard fork.
On the contrary - now that Segwit has activated, where is the proposal to enlarge blocks that is safe and reasonable? Where is the disagreement that is driving what should be a last resort hard fork?
edit: one thing to add, my impression is that positions on Segwit2x and the hard fork have now hardened to the point where the back-and-forward arguments are achieving little and that we're potentially heading for a cliff. I hope we can have some people step up here and attempt to resolve this. 
@_date: 2017-10-04 17:37:44


Visual C++ 6.0 was one of the last pure IDE's and compilers from Microsoft before .NET everything - a lot of developers held onto it for a long time. I *still* have a copy. 
@_date: 2017-09-23 14:18:17
Amazon retail is too big to accept Bitcoin atm in one shot. Were Amazon to decide to adopt it, we'd likely see it in smaller segments of the biz first
Amazon are also obsessive about user experience and checkout friction. They removed CVV codes from credit card forms and assumed more risk just so users have one less field to fill in
I can't see them yet integrating bitcoin addresses, waiting for transaction, scanning QR codes, etc. into this process
@_date: 2017-09-23 14:19:48
Asking customer reps is pointless - it would leak to legitimate press before it makes it into their answer workflow and knowledge base
@_date: 2017-09-11 15:53:37
Replace engineer with attacker and figure out if this strategy works in that case.
That isn't how security works - you can't appeal to the sensibilities of attackers and hope they ignore a patch.
@_date: 2017-09-28 16:52:57


The coin is the miner reward and its the economic incentive behind Nakamoto consensus. It may not be the most ideal coin to use as a broader currency, but you need it on the blockchain.
That coin could be classed as a 'mining coin' while the currency coins in popular use run as layer two
@_date: 2017-09-15 05:47:18
If you think Venezuela is a democracy then you're deluded. It's a kleptocratic class of elites who are looting a nation in a coalition with the military. Even the company that provided their voting machines said the results were rigged. 
@_date: 2017-09-28 10:21:34
They achieved the same outcome without requiring a hard fork. That's supposed to be a good thing. The onus is on those proposing a hard fork to justify it not just to developers, but to users as well. 
@_date: 2017-10-06 07:17:10
You need to read further in the story rather than googlging for something that fits your narative.
The whole idea of those ads was to portray a 'threat' that BLM were organizing in certain cities.
they were not "ads supporting Clinton" 
@_date: 2017-10-30 00:10:28
Speaking of sticking to facts - the weight limits aren't "1mb" and "2mb"
The current max block weight on Bitcoin is 4MB - a glance at any block explorer would demonstrate this
As an aside, capitalization also has significance when citing units - I assume you mean MB for megabytes not mb - which is actually *millibits* and makes no sense since you can't divide a bit
@_date: 2017-10-07 15:18:07
Facebook disclosed the Internet Research Agency - from there a bunch of researchers have linked them back to pages and ads - from there they were also linked to Instagram, Twitter and other social networks. 
the Special Council investigation isn't only investigating collusion - the main investigation is Russian influence in the election. They had enough to go on before Facebook discovered these ads and disclosed them to the investigators. 
There is a ton of evidence - and it isn't all from the US gov. There are numerous private companies who have discovered and submitted evidence - and individuals who have written accounts (one of whom I know) about being approached by either political or state operatives to take part in ops or to sell exploits
A lot of people aren't going to believe this no matter what comes out or what is revealed. Explaining it to them just makes it worse because of the blowback effect - where it actually makes it worse to attempt to show them evidence or explain anything.
@_date: 2017-09-28 12:29:00


And that is why the block size shouldn't be increased - there is still plenty more that can be done by the userland implementations before a block size increase and hard fork are required. 
@_date: 2017-10-29 23:45:06
Thats funny, but 
When describing the block debate - I never mention the technical issues since it isn't really a technical argument any longer. It *started out* as an argument about modifying some of the characteristics of the Bitcoin protocol but it moved beyond that a long time ago to be a broader debate about *how* those changes are or could be made to the Bitcoin protocol.
Bitcoin was like many other Open Source projects where it was lead by a benevolent dictator who decided with a lot of input from others and a standards drafting process. This went smoothly (as it often does in such projects - see Python, Linux Kernel, GNU etc.)
When Satoshi left he delegated his lead developer position but never delegated or provisioned the standards drafting and update process outside of what is inherit with Nakamoto Consensus.
Bitcoin Cash is the proposal that miners should decide what and how Bitcoin works. Segwit2x is the proposal that large companies "representing" users decide what and how Bitcoin works, together with miners.
@_date: 2017-09-11 15:10:21
That is when designing for reliability. When designing for security diversity can be a good thing (ask the Tor project - a better analog for Bitcoin)
@_date: 2017-10-06 07:14:27
theduran.com -&gt; zerohedge.com -&gt; washpo.com -&gt; politico story I linked to
each adds a layer of abstraction to the story and adds their own spin. see how that works?
there is no reason to link to a 4th degree source unless you're attempting to spin the story
@_date: 2017-10-04 17:43:43


The Russian buys on Facebook backed [everyone but Clinton]( - which fits the narrative that a certain Russian had a vendetta against her.  
@_date: 2017-09-28 11:42:04
The whole purpose was to increase transaction volume. Increasing the block size was just a method - with Segwit the same outcome was achieved with the added bonuses of not impacting scalability and decentralization, fixing malleability, a new and better address format, script versions and achieving this without requiring a hard fork.
There isn't, and never has been, an argument for increasing the block size for the sake of increasing the block size - a less safe hard fork that still leaves you with the other problems to solve.
@_date: 2017-09-15 05:44:40
They're thieves looting an entire nation. All the propaganda about being against imperialism is to fool people like yourself. 