@_author: x33n
@_date: 2013-08-20 22:01:39
Even with a byte level version of every history of a given encrypted file, Dropbox doesn't know what changes were made to be able to reverse engineer.  Just knowing something changed and what the bytes were vs. what they are doesn't allow you to figure out what the decrypted modification was.
It really sounds like you learned a little bit about hacking wireless, where with enough data packets you might be able to reverse engineer the key, and you're thinking the same would apply to an asymmetrically encrypted file.  That's not the case.  
There are arguments to be made about against using cloud storage even with an encrypted document (undiscovered vulnerabilities in encrypting software, undiscovered vulnerabilities in encrypting algorithm, advances in hardware allowing for decryption, etc.), but what you're saying isn't one of them.
@_date: 2013-04-11 18:21:20
Emailing it to yourself, assuming you're using IMAP like most people and not still POP3, is really just doing the same thing as using Dropbox or any other cloud file storage, except that Dropbox et. al are actually intended to be used that way, where email is not.  What your describing is a way you could do it, but I would argue pretty strongly against any implication it's a better way.
As for rar password, while they both use the AES protocol, RAR's key size is 128 whereas Keepass is 256, so rar is orders of magnitude weaker.
@_date: 2013-07-23 17:48:06
Eh, yeah it definitely had that air to me.   Rereading my initial post I suppose "wildly inaccurate" was hyperbolic and it's inaccuracies are closer to "subtly" or "sneakily" rather than "wildly".
The first page is spent talking about how hard it is to get bitcoins, that it's going to get more difficult, and inferring that the only really plausible way is through face to face meetups with localbitcoin. 
The second page is filled with his exciting stories of using bitcoin, which involved meeting geeks in coffee bars, long waits and unknown delays, bugs and unsolved problems, and how it feels illicit because it is illicit, because some hoodie wearing anonymous teenager planned on buying drugs with it.
The third page is how trying to use bitcoin at actual stores means that you're dealing with clueless cashiers, guided steps over the phone, deals written on paper towel, etc.  He even slips in the cashier quote about "Digital doesn't really exist." to subtly reinforce the distrust people tend to have in bitcoin because there's no paper bills.  He hedges the quote in a context of photography, but there's absolutely no reason to have included that quote without the intention of having the reader project it onto bitcoin.
Personally I think articles like this are a more effective anti-bitcoin tool then the ones blatantly calling out bitcoin's shortcomings and talking about its problems.  This is written in a way to give the reader an opinion without the reader realizing that they're being maneuvered.
@_date: 2013-10-17 22:56:13
In a thread filled with a fair amount of nonsense I first read this thinking about how slow collection would be while you waited for mail to get created by people requesting password changes.  Then you went and got all genuinely clever with the script triggering it.  Cheers to you.
@_date: 2013-07-23 15:28:39
Wired seems to be going out of their way to lose credibility in their anti-bitcoin articles.  I've generally liked their stuff, but if they're this wildly inaccurate on one subject it puts everything else the write into question too.
@_date: 2013-07-12 22:01:35
Coinbase links right to a US bank account
@_date: 2013-07-03 05:06:25
They've made it a point to not get near 50% mining share so far.  It's actually smart for them because it is a self-driving business.  They sell the hardware to other people who then up their hashing rate, difficulty goes up, AM puts some of their stock up to keep their hashing going, and now everyone else has to buy more of their gear to keep up with the difficulty arms race.  They get their bitcoins and some of everyone else's too, without becoming the villain who did a 51% attack.
@_date: 2013-05-24 17:21:55
One thing to keep in mind with the GPU vs. Erupter debate is that the Erupter uses vastly less energy, resulting in less heat, etc.  Plus you don't have to stop it from hashing if you wanted to use the system the GPU is in for anything graphical.
On the other hand, buying the GPU you get graphics capabilities if you don't mind pausing the mining on occasion.  
My point mainly is that while they both do hashing, they're dramatically different products so tying their price together based off of hash speed is a flawed premise.
@_date: 2013-06-17 14:12:04
Eh.. It could be argued that by doing the burn-in on the live blockchain they are contributing to the increasing difficulty, which in turn lowers the RoI of the equipment that their customer bought, before the customer even gets a chance to use it.
Ultimately if they're genuinely just doing burn-in tests then I don't really care that much and think the effect is negligible, but I do think there is a bit of an argument against devaluing the product you sell customers before delivering it.
@_date: 2013-06-10 15:44:12
As with all things, it depends.  I'm sure there are plenty of credit unions out there that have very little distinguishing themselves from normal banks.  I've had a personal account since the 90's with mine, and more recently a business account too.  From the days when I used the software they had on a floppy to dial up and do 'online' banking, up to the full featured web portal they have today, I've never once paid a fee and their interest rates are consistently better than the local banks.
So I suppose, shop around?  Just saying I've never met a bank I liked, but I've high praise for my CU. 
@_date: 2013-07-25 16:29:48
I've been fighting 503 errors on Mt. Gox for over a week, and frankly have been a bit surprised I haven't seen more people mentioning/complaining about it.
I did find that if you just keep refreshing at some point it will just pop up.  Then you can do the login, and after logging in I almost always get the 503.  Refresh some more and at some point it will pop up with my account logged in and the site working ok.
Their servers themselves are fast when they respond, I think it's something wrong/happening in the anti DDoS setup, but I really don't know for sure.
@_date: 2013-05-07 14:32:54
My withdrawal appeared *before* my debit for the last batch of coins I bought/sold.  So it sounds like it might be the banking system.
@_date: 2013-06-20 14:32:47
My experience was with a U.S. account so no idea if you're coming from somewhere else, but it was pretty simple.  
You give them the bank info/routing  after a few days they drop two transactions into your account that you then use to verify with by telling them the amounts that they deposited.  After that they'll mark your bank account as verified and you're good to go.
It usually takes 4-5 business days for them to fund from the bank account, but I assume that's primarily to ensure that there's no charge-back.
@_date: 2013-08-29 16:24:24
The fees go to whatever miner/pool mined the block that their transaction was in.  So someone screwed up and paid a 200 btc fee, ASICMiner is who mines the next block so it received all the coins.  They could have kept it, but instead graciously refunded it to the original owner.  
So while fees are theoretically spread amongst miners, they're spread by the randomness of who mines the next block, not split out within the block itself.  It's winner-take-all per block so ASICMiner received all 200 btc and refunded all 200 btc.  They didn't pay anything out of pocket, per se.
@_date: 2013-04-24 00:18:36
They cancelled my verified purchase for 1 BTC @ $75 USD after a week (when the price had gone to $120 USD)  saying that it was high risk.  Emails asking for an explanation have gone unanswered.
I wish I had your experience.
Edit:  oh holy shit, I just logged into coinbase and they reversed the cancellation for the original price.  I never received an email saying so, but regardless, kudos to them.  
@_date: 2013-06-02 02:35:33
Also vouching for them.  My first purchase was a little rocky but they came through in the end.  Haven't had any problems since.  They take ~5 business days to process, but I've always just assumed that's because they're ensuring there's no charge-back before giving you coins.
@_date: 2013-04-27 22:23:20
Am I the only one who thinks that forum 'newbie jails' are utterly ridiculous, especially when things like this are going on?
@_date: 2013-06-19 15:09:11
The other issue with solo mining in this instance is every increase in difficulty lowers your chance of finding that elusive block on your hardware.  When you don't have enough hashing power to push past the hoping-to-get-lucky stage and into the guaranteed-to-get-blocks stage, then your chances of getting anything dwindles with solo (assuming continuing difficulty jumps), while with a pool it's just a lower payout.  
One is betting everything on black, one is taking a steady paycheck.  Your bet might make you more than the paycheck, but it's also a lot more possible to leave you with nothing at all.