@_author: x347
@_date: 2015-06-01 23:37:19
What is the benefit of fees rising? Like how does that benefit users of bitcoin in any way?
The bitcoin protocol is already artificially made computationally hard to make a new block. No matter what, as long as there isn't a 51% attack, the blockchain is going to continue.


How is it possible to increase the number of transactions without increasing the blocksize?
Small block limits automatically subsidize miners by definition. Basically people are too afraid of a miner consensus by some large group so they are effectively subsidizing miners with lesser resources to have a chance of creating a new block.
@_date: 2015-06-24 15:00:29
The banking industry isn't going to collude together to try and take down bitcoin. The public perception of the banking industry isn't great at the moment, and being exposed trying to take down something like bitcoin could cause a huge shift in public perception for the companies involved.
Plus, no banking entity is gonna have a billion dollar budget for taking down bitcoin, especially when there's a huge chance it would only be temporarily.
If bitcoin fails, it will be due to corruption or greed from within. What's preventing bitcoin from growing is the steep learning curve and other technical barriers for regular people. Sidechains and altcoins just adds another layer of complexity, and in no way is going to increase participation from people who haven't already invested time in learning about cryptocurrencies.
@_date: 2015-06-01 14:29:43


Is this a good thing? Wouldn't this inevitably cause miners to be disincentivized from including low fee transactions in their blocks(assuming there will always exist a blocksize limit), resulting in an global increase in default minimum fee just so a transaction goes through. 
@_date: 2015-06-02 22:42:35
With the amount of cooperation involved between the government and the private sector, I don't think I'd even call it a backdoor at this point.
@_date: 2015-06-01 15:53:23


This is already the case presently(except for the base block reward). The question is whether miners should be rewarded hyperbolically because people are trying to get their transactions included. Is that not the definition of transaction congestion? Low fee transactions will experience delays because miners made a choice to exclude them in favor of high fee transactions.
So if the behavior is already what we want, except block rewards increasing hyperbolically, the only other thing preventing that behavior is blocksize limits.
The only difference I am noticing is that block rewards gain the potential for becoming significantly more profitable, at the potential expense of causing delays for people using the network at lower fees.
Since the growth of bitcoin is tied more so to the people making transactions than the miners, I don't see how that tradeoff could be advantageous in any way.
@_date: 2015-06-01 15:05:07
Not by continually incrementing blocksizes. 
No matter what, the fees from a shitload of transactions is going to be more incentivized than 'high priority' transactions that have disproportionately higher fees.
Yes time is money, but if the system is set up to increase the number of transactions in a block, then I don't see it happening long-term.
Also computational power is growing at a rate much faster than blocksizes are. I just don't see a large blockchain as a hindrance to mining.
@_date: 2014-02-09 09:10:45
For the average Joe, safe online wallets with purchase capabilities like coinbase will be needed.  Coinbase is a bit too new to have a trusted reputation, but when people can buy bitcoin online from a trusted party, and that can be **safely** stored by that same party (ideally with some insurance), will bitcoin be possible for the average Joe. The concept of buying bitcoin and storing it are too decoupled right now for regular people to go through the hassle.  
The question of where to buy bitcoin can be daunting enough, let alone the question of how to store it securely, and the actual process of transferring them.  The third point might seem trivial too, but remember people who aren't familiar with bitcoin will expect the transfer to be something like a bank transfer with a good deal of paperwork.
@_date: 2014-02-16 01:18:18
The problem is that this could create a closed loop if you are spending your bitcoin with merchants that instantly cash it out.
Overstock.com for example has bitcoins follow this loop:
    Coinbase -&gt; Your Wallet -&gt; Overstock -&gt; Coinbase
and even if the vendor doesn't use coinbase, it will fall into a larger loop involving Bitstamp, BTC-E, Huobi etc...
The next step for mass bitcoin adoption is for merchants to start paying *their* expenses using bitcoin, to increase horizontal exposure.
@_date: 2015-07-30 04:24:28
I think this is not considering the whole problem. The fact of the matter is that there is a steep learning curve with bitcoin.
Why does this matter? Nobody wants to fuck up with their own money. If you cannot make this shit simple as fuck for regular people to use, it won't reach mass adoption.
@_date: 2015-07-04 01:08:11
A case of game theory &gt; simple statistics.
@_date: 2015-07-19 15:38:10
On the flip side, more clandestine activities associated with bitcoin will support government arguments to attempt to prohibit it in the future.
Yes growth is a good thing, but it would be nice to see bitcoin growing in legitimized markets instead of grey area ones.