@_author: x4r5s
@_date: 2019-09-19 11:21:32


Thanks for regurgitating what you just learned from me. Now if the fed is not part of the government what would that make it...here's a hint, it's a private institution.  Do I have to explain the difference between public and private to you now?  


They appoint figureheads that have nothing to do with the Fed.
@_date: 2019-09-19 10:54:53


That is literally impossible in a deflationary model but explaining to you what a reserve requirement is and how you can't even have that with bitcoin is just silly at this point so I won't bother.   
Go ad hominem someone else until you learn something new.
@_date: 2019-09-19 05:57:51
Once again, you constantly get loans just by saving.  You have a good grasp on Keynesian theory but know nothing of the Austrian model.
@_date: 2019-09-19 08:48:45
Foreign exchange rates are literally a function of the foreign exchange markets.   Those rates will exist regardless of anything.  I'm afraid you don't understand this topic in the least.  
The loan example is literally how Austrian economics woks with a deflationary currency.  I showed you an example using a real "deflationary" currency.  I quoted it as it's not quite deflationary but it has the general properties.   That was a literal example that did happen.  
I'd warn you to be careful exposing your lack of understanding when you argue with ad hominem.  Others would jump all over those two things and really call you bad names.  I'm just going to assume you have good intentions but are Keynesian indoctrinated.
@_date: 2019-09-19 07:51:44


So only super special people can know what the central bank does with the money it creates and you feel this is good?  Not me.  This is a fundamental difference between us.  I think money creation should be transparent.  I know if I were given that power, I would enrich my friends and family and I'm confident they are doing this and have been for a long time.    


Technology has been advancing long before central banks.  I can't see the correlation here.   


These are just statements with no backing.  These are your opinions.  I've shown you how just saving is creating a loan for yourself and how that grows the economy.  I've also shown you that people have the option of loaning their money or saving it depending upon their estimate of rates of return.  I can't see that being any different in the Austrian world with the exception of goods and services constantly get cheaper so your money keeps going further and further in the creation of a great economy.  Now in the past, this couldn't happen as we couldn't easily make a currency that was so easily divisible.  Bitcoin solves that problem.  


These are your opinions with no backing.
@_date: 2019-09-19 10:39:09
When I say name them, I'm not looking for boards of directors or false figure heads.  Show me the real owners.  You can get close to finding them by the way, but you won't pinpoint them and there's good reason for that.
@_date: 2019-09-19 07:11:49
 A loan for saving grows the economy because you are going to get the option to spend that loan on a new business, on upgrading the equipment on that business, hiring more people.  Prices keep going down so you have greater choice.   You can save and be guaranteed new loans or you can spend if you think your earnings will outpace your savings.  An ideal deflationary currency is far better for the little man.
@_date: 2019-09-19 07:30:15
You're not limiting it.  You're growing it naturally.  Artificial growth is just that and it's unsustainable resulting in constant boom and bust cycles PLUS and this one really grits me, when you give a group of people absolute control over creating new money, you give them absolute power.  That is what has happened.  No one knows what the central bank does with their money.  If your currency's inputs are unknown (new units created) it is a scam.  The US dollar is a scam.  It's no different than those in power in Zimbabwe enriching themselves by creating new money.  The only difference is the power is greater in the US.
@_date: 2019-09-19 11:10:42


This is literally how you thought it worked a few posts ago.  You're a real specimen.   


It literally is.   


You said this only after learning the US govt doesn't create money.  I'm guessing you went and read something in desperation.    


It is huh?  So you can name them can you.  Lol.  


I was talking about a Keynesian coin.  I've been looking into creating one but I don't really see a need.  Still, ideally the people should be able to control who sets inflation rates if that's the route that happens.  It's a moot point though as, like I said, good money wins in the end and bitcoin will be it.
@_date: 2019-09-19 07:40:19


This is untrue and a fundamental misunderstanding people have with deflationary currencies.  It's all about the rate of return.  If you assume some infinite rate of return then this argument would have merit.  In practice, even now, you see that's not the case.  Some times your rate of return in business is greater than the deflationary currencies rate of return.  Consider this argument using another analogy.  Why do people ever sell their houses?  The value is always going up.  Why sell it?  It makes no sense.  See how this is flawed?   


I haven't even gotten to this yet.  What I'm telling you is saving IS a loan.  Its a loan you give yourself.  Still to answer this question, it's all about rate of return.  This is the beauty of the Austrian model.  The people have the power to make the choice on what they think has the greatest rate of return.   


I'm not imagining anything.  I'm not that creative.  This is literally the Austrian model.  I'm simply explaining to you how it works.  Look it up.   


It's hard for me to see how.  Given unlimited money creation powers by a central group vs. spending your money and it's gone forever unless you EARN it--that levels the playing field over time. 
Please avoid the use of ad hominem and I will as well.  We can have an honest discussion even if we disagree.
@_date: 2019-09-19 10:35:23


Ok, name them.  Compile a list of names and post it.  You're talking out your ass now.   


It's called bitcoin.  Look at the inflation schedule and go from there.  Prepare to have your ass handed to you if you think it won't win over the next 20 years.  People are waking up to the US dollar scam.  Authority only lasts so long especially when truth starts shining down.
@_date: 2019-09-19 11:45:37
Bitfinex's 24 hour volume was 72 million compared to a total of 17.5 billion.  Once again, you don't know what the fuck you're talking about.   
Seems like you need this.  
@_date: 2019-09-19 09:23:01
That's a common argument.  I buy it.  Still, they shouldn't have absolute power.  I find it disgusting.
@_date: 2019-09-19 11:25:32
You've given no examples as you're too brainwashed to understand what's going on.   


Ahh, here is your "example".  Lol.  Yes that's not ad homimem at all.   


You won't have a choice.  It's going to happen for you.  It's happening now.  It's just in very early stages.  The more you see that price go up, the closer it is to wrecking your world view.  So you don't think it will hit 100k in a few years?
@_date: 2019-09-19 11:26:45
Wait a minute now, you literally just said they were banks and now suddenly they aren't.  Make up your fucking mind you dolt.
@_date: 2019-09-19 10:32:29
We will never see eye to eye on this.  The central banks are evil as hell.  Good luck in your life.  I'm sorry that even after learning how it works you still defend the system.  Either you really are in some kind of win mode or you just refuse to see it for what it is.  It's debt slavery at the least.  
By the way, profit means NOTHING when you can create money and give your friends whole banks.  
Take care and good luck in your endeavors.
@_date: 2019-09-19 10:46:39


Only it truly was.   


They should pay you for that kind of propaganda.    


Bitcoin but if you want a Keynesian answer then you form a fully open board with actual mathemeticians and economists where everything is nearly guaranteed to be transparent.  Barring that and not to give too much away but you form a keynesian coin where a group of addresses that are VOTED FOR determine the inflation rate.   


i literally just educated you on how the monetary system works and you go straight back to the ad hominem.  Before we started you literally thought the government created money and we voted for those positions.  After having had my fill of your shit I can tell you you're better off in Go fuck yourself you piece of shit of a human being.
@_date: 2019-09-19 11:34:57


Remember you said that.  It'll be over 20k next year.   


Make a point, I'll address it.
@_date: 2019-09-19 09:08:45


It's called a market for a reason.  Have you ever done any forex trading.  Perhaps you should to help you understand this.   


Right.  Which type of deflation, which type of inflation?  Let's get super specific here and see what you understand and what you don't.    


I'm absolutely NOT fighting against a government as the US government in NO WAY creates money.
@_date: 2019-09-19 11:41:59


Sounds like you know.  Ok, tell me where the new money the fed created last year went to.  I mean EXACTLY where not generalities.  You seem to know who they are so you can say where the money went.  


It's a group of private banks organized into one private institution called the Federal Reserve.  That's literally on your .gov site.  


Yes, that site is owned by the government as that's the board but NOT the banks themselves that make the money.  It's unrelated to anything other than appearances.  It's a website devoted to the figureheads that I mentioned when we first starting talking about it.  They literally tell you this on the very website and even list the banks.   


So who are they then.  Who are the members of the banks and where EXACTLY does every dime go?
@_date: 2019-09-19 11:27:43


Which type dolt? 


You sure about that dolt.
@_date: 2019-09-19 08:18:47


I don't view this as a good thing.  You only need to look at every other inflationary currency in history to see how this ends.   


Each unit increases in value over time.  Prices go down.  You can buy more with each unit as time passes.   That's a loan you give yourself by saving.    


You just described the central bank EXCEPT they can also create trillions and give it to themselves on a whim and no one would know.  They can also create shell banks to do the exact same thing ad infinitum.   This is far worse than a fixed currency where once you spend it, it's gone.    


Bitcoin is currently divisible to 8 places.  The only thing that would happen is smaller amounts of bitcoin would be worth far more.   


It's the exact opposite.  Greed is having a central group wanting to create all the money, start massive wars with it and own and ever increasing percentage of it which is exactly what is happening.  The wealth gap has been greatly increasing likely because the closer you are to those that create money, the more you can enrich yourself with new units.  This wealth gap is very likely a signal of a coming implosion by the way going by what has happened literally every other time.  
The rest was just ad hominem so no need to respond.
@_date: 2019-09-19 11:30:45
The federal reserve is a series of private banks dolt.  It's not a tool of the government in anything but federal reserve propaganda.   It's not created by the government or any such bullshit as that to deflect what it truly is.  


I've told you previously...no one knows.   


That's your metric?
@_date: 2019-09-19 11:15:08
You don't understand there are two types of inflation and deflation.   This is just getting absurd.  I'm not going to keep educating you for you to just spout more nonsense.  
For the most part when I say a deflationary system, I'm speaking of a deflationary monetary system or a fixed unit currency.  
You can't run a fractional reserve banking system with a truly deflationary currency like bitcoin so there literally is no reserve ratio.  Some will say you can but you can't.  Hence the motto, not your keys not your bitcoin.  Sure you can scam some people but the majority won't accept fake IOUs.
@_date: 2019-09-19 11:31:29
All the points for being what you literally did dolt.
@_date: 2019-09-19 11:18:22
Exchanges are NOT banks.  Exchanges do not loan you bitcoin you can  take off he exchange without paying for it.
@_date: 2019-09-19 09:22:12
I'm not picking on you.  We're having a discussion.  
Yes news affects markets.  Anyhow this is beside the point.  
The loan you give yourself is saving.  I think it's apt.  You don't have to like it but I did give myself a loan so I'd call it that.  Anyhow, saving creates value or however you want to look at it with a deflationary currency.  
I'm really interested in the central bank stuff as I'm hoping you didn't know the Fed is private and in no way controlled by our government.  It's really gross if you ask me.  They are accountable to no one.  That's why Ron Paul is always railing against them.  They literally have absolute power.
@_date: 2019-09-19 10:22:10
Some unknown entity is doing something for the good of the economy and country?  I don't think so.  You should look into the real history of the creation of the central bank and the men that died trying to stop it including a few US presidents
@_date: 2019-09-19 08:52:08


Trillionaires compared to millionaires.  It's not even close.  Plus they can create money forever.  


...keep going back and do it in every country.
@_date: 2019-09-19 09:10:45
The Treasury IS part of the government.  The Federal Reserve is the scam.  The Fed IS a group of private banks that controls our entire monetary system and CAN create money from thin air without you knowing what they do with that money.
@_date: 2019-09-19 08:55:51
What % of the world can create money at will?  What % of the world will lose their bitcoin once they spend it, cannot create any more from thin air and must EARN new units?
@_date: 2019-09-19 09:18:04
The US government (Treasury) literally borrows money from the central bank(federal reserve).  We sell them US bonds and are supposed to pay back this debt to them.  Where do they get this money?  They wish it into existence.  Literally just a key press on their computers.  This is absolute power and absolute control and it is evil and wrong.  
I can see arguing for a Keynesian framework but this....our system is evil in my book.
@_date: 2019-09-19 05:47:50
...or the fact that it's a fixed supply currency that keeps rising in value hence giving you a loan just for saving...I wonder what that could do?  
Ye ol' Keynesian vs. Austrian economic theories.  Most brought up on Keynesian don't even know the other side or what their side is even called.
@_date: 2019-09-19 11:04:18
Just to let you know what happens in an Austrian model so over time MAYBE it will sink in is prices would go down.  Keynesians would tell you this is terrible and it is if you have an inflationary currency but with a deflationary or roughly fixed currency this is what you want.  The entire system works in the other direction.  So rather than setting interest rates to control inflation, you let deflation occur naturally based on spending.  If people are spending less, it's time for prices to keep cutting.  This simply means you get yet another loan by saving and can now spend even more.  Truth is this used not to be possible as we didn't have a near perfect currency that could be infinitely divisible.  That solved the last hurdle.  Now it's just getting indoctrinated Keynesians to see the truth but that too happens as the value of the good currencies keep going up and they get rid of their shit currencies like the USD.  
It's not so much that bitcoin is going up in value but more that USD is shitting the bed in comparison.  No one wants to hold shit in the end that can be created on a whim.
@_date: 2019-09-19 09:04:30


The US government in NO way creates money.  The Treasury is responsible for the maintenance of physical bills but that is unrelated to this conversation.  You're SORELY mistaken here.  You also have no idea if the central banks are enriching themselves so the default is to assume they are.  If you can't know the inputs, your currency is a scam.
@_date: 2019-09-19 08:32:31


I've looked into this a long, long time.  I challenge you to find that info.  You cannot as it's not available.  Now let me tell you what you will find.  You will find itemized lists of generalities.  You won't find specifics and, in truth, you would have no way of knowing if they are telling the whole truth with these lists.   You have no way to verify as USD is a scam.  You cannot know the inputs.    


I felt I was pretty clear.  I'll try another route.  You held 1 Bitcoin in 2013.   It was worth 100 dollars of goods then.  It is now worth 9,900 dollars worth of goods.  By holding, you've given yourself a 9,800 dollars worth of goods loan.  


I'm literally only telling you the Austrian model of economics.  I hope you don't think this is all coming from my mind.    


Keynesian economists will cheer you and Austrian economists will deride you.  


This is unrelated to the conversation.  Foreign exchange rates are a function of the foreign exchange market.  There is no magic here.
@_date: 2019-09-19 08:40:03


Give it time.  They all end the same way.    That wealth gap is very indicative of it.  


That's a unique way to describe saving.   Same situation as selling vs. not selling your house.  Have you been hording your house?   


The perception of democracy is powerful in the minds of some.  I'd rather have sound money where they simply could not do that.   


I'd have a hard time saying this when the central bank just admitted to creating 100 billion in new USD.  That's just what they told us.  


Yes, completely transparent money is a Nigerian prince.  
Ok, take care.  This conversation has devolved into you enjoying your ad hominem every other sentence with no real content left.  
Take care and remember it will happen slowly until it happens all at once.
@_date: 2019-09-19 09:12:58
To put this in perspective for you so you know the system you are defending.  The Federal Reserve banks are private entities, no one truly knows who they are, that is the dog.  The entire US government is the tail.  The dog wags the tail and not the other way around.  
Everything and every one you know is a bitch to the federal reserve banks.
@_date: 2019-09-19 10:23:02
They literally do great regardless.  There is no alignment of incentives when you have an unknown entity in charge of the creation of money.