@_author: xajacx
@_date: 2017-12-23 03:04:32
This apocryphal tale is most often linked to Joe Kennedy, and has always reeked of classism rather than intellectualism. What an astute judgment of character, to know from a few seconds of discussion with an elevator boy that he must be a fool for wanting to invest money, and then to extrapolate that to collapse of the stock market (one wonders what strange world he had insulated himself into, to have not already recognized the signs from everything else that was going on, fortunately the trigger came in the form of affable elevator boy).
@_date: 2017-12-07 05:20:21
There's a 10 BTC bounty she's giving to anyone who guesses her identity! 
@_date: 2017-12-10 16:06:35
Corrections are different from crashes, but few people here seem to understand that, probably because many are amateur investors. In an bull market, experienced traders always set predetermined sell points not just to cash in on their profits but also to reallocate/balance their investment portfolio. Corrections are generally seen as healthy. They do not create 20% dips - in most markets that is a huge crash. Corrections typically range from 3-5% (considering the exaggerated volatility in bitcoin due to the size of the investor pool and market cap, these numbers are typically higher). These dips are generally short-lived and the same investors usually buy back in, again usually at predetermined prices. Read up on limit trading.
A crash is typically created by panic selling. Events that trigger crashes are not usually related to investors cashing in on their profits, but more because an external event has caused investors to fear that their investment is at risk. The severity of the crash is dependent on the severity of this risk. China banning bitcoin ICOs and exchanges was seen as a potential existential crisis for the currency, particularly for Chinese investors.
There are several investment strategies each with varying degrees of success - it is how you define success that is important. Believe it or not, "hodling" is something Warren Buffett is a strong proponent of (just not in bitcoin). The studied investor who makes a living from the market defines consistent gains by managing risk as their success goal. The risky investor who bets exclusively on penny stocks defines "going to the moon" as success. Define your criteria of success, plan your investment strategy accordingly, and stick to it.
@_date: 2018-09-13 14:34:57
@_date: 2017-12-10 15:47:07
Could you please add QuadrigaCX and Coinsquare.io
@_date: 2017-12-04 15:04:52
Bitcoin was difficult to short for several years... suddenly there are a lot of banks that are letting people get in to bitcoin futures, and many are not shy about talking about shorting (Swiss - Vontobel AG and Leonteq Securities AG, US CME, Nasdaq and even JP Morgan are considering allowing futures so that investors can bet against bitcoin soon..) The big banks have been playing this game a really long time... Bitcoin right now is really ripe for a long bear cycle, the kind that will drag on and eventually induce panic selling because there really aren't the kind of counters of suitable size you would need to beat sustained Wall Street attacks.. I will hold, because I have less faith in the fiat currency system, but I hope bitcoin will beat this
@_date: 2017-12-01 13:24:39
The charts look different here  
Can someone explain what adjusted monetary base means, and why the calendar printing orders are so different to what OP claims is a chart of the US dollar money printing
@_date: 2017-12-22 18:15:44
urm, I'm pretty sure is 4, 8, 15, 16, 23, 42
@_date: 2017-12-21 16:09:20
Christmas really has come early this year! Buy on the dips... 
@_date: 2017-12-10 16:07:17
Awesome, thank you!
@_date: 2017-11-29 18:22:37
Plenty of fellow Canadians on here who buy and trade bitcoins... QuadrigaCX is the exchange I use (took a long time to get in...) if you google "Canada Bitcoin Legal" you should get a link to the canada dot ca website about digital currencies, where they go into detail about the risks of using digital currency, talk about how it can be treated as a commodity, the tax implications as well as advice on how to use it safely! So when the canada dot ca website talks about using good wallets etc, it should be fine to buy them in Canada
@_date: 2017-11-30 07:09:04
This apocryphal tale is most often linked to Joe Kennedy, and has always reeked of classism rather than intellectualism. What an astute judgment of character, to know from a few seconds of discussion with an elevator boy that he must be a fool for wanting to invest money, and then to extrapolate that to collapse of the stock market (one wonders what strange world he had insulated himself into, to have not already recognized the signs from everything else that was going on, fortunately the trigger came in the form of affable elevator boy). 
@_date: 2017-11-29 20:20:54
only managed to get at average of 9.6, bought in stages and feeling bad that I should have just bought all at 9.3... but still got enough in the exchange in case of further dips
@_date: 2017-11-30 06:37:47
You guys don't know anything... in one year his jet ski will be worth 10X... and even if it isn't, he can still eat it (and probably does considering how retarded that article is)
@_date: 2017-11-29 18:17:32
Yeah their verification process can take a while (huge recent influx from what I can see), it took me over a week. But once in, they are really good. 
@_date: 2018-03-12 08:06:28
There are a lot of Jon Oliver episodes that are amazing, and a lot that fall flat on their face. This one kinda belonged to the latter, but worse, didn't really give anyone too much information about the blockchain, crypto or bitcoin beyond reinforcing the negative stereotypes and the disclaimer "hey, it could be the next great thing." He left out an important part of the ecosystem: the miners. Anytime someone says bitcoin only has value because people agree that it does, they tend to ignore the enormous costs that go into mining bitcoin, and what must motivate someone to be spending that amount of money. If more people saw the massive mining farms in Iceland and China, they'd begin to understand that there are serious business models underpinning bitcoin. As for the blockchain and its applications, I think the fact that everyone from Mastercard, Visa, JPMorgan, IBM (but then IBM files a patent for every idea one of their employees comes up with) etc are running helter skelter to try and get their patents in tells you everything. There is value. There are scams because there are always gullible people, but it got to that stage because there is underlying value.
@_date: 2018-03-12 17:09:43
I agree with you to an extent, in that Oliver's show is about discussing / presenting a topic amusingly but I've also learned a lot about several topics to a reasonable degree from his show that inspired me to dig deeper (which I like to believe is one of his goals -to educate). 80% of the people I talk to think Bitcoin is a scam, and that "as warren buffet said, it has no value." along with despite not having a clue why the line "but the underlying technology, this blockthingy, that is really good!" I just wish he had actually gone a bit deeper into why it has value in the first place and how much legitimate businesses are investing into it, rather than dismiss it as gambling - which is one facet due to the speculative investors who are in it for a quick buck. From that point of view, I felt he didn't do enough to at least get people to wonder why rather than play along with the established faulty narrative. Mining might be complicated, but I don't think you always have to explain the complexities of SHA256 to get people to understand proof of work, and how central that is to the authenticity &amp; security (rather than the distributed nature making it impervious to hacking - which is what everyone is going to take away from watching the show). Carlos and Brock might be funny, but a quick sentence to Anton's youtube videos even with a casual statement like "some people have dedicated their lives to educating people about" etc, might have done a lot of good.
@_date: 2018-03-12 17:30:31


So why then did people mine in the first few years? Don't dismiss it as a cypherpunk hobby, think about having something running in the background of your laptop taking up processing resources, why would you waste resources and time doing that? It is really important that people get this, nobody would bother trying to brute-force SHA256 and proof of work as the central theme behind bitcoin would make no sense, and you could rely on simplistic verification algorithms with no economic incentive in producing bitcoins. You get something for verifying transactions - and it is a time consuming and energy sapping process - and that something is bitcoins. To keep mining, you need to be able to support the costs.


And how does the pharmaceutical company support that $2 billion investment? Where is the justification in going down that path and putting a lot of effort into it? Business isn't as simple as "I get money, I do this, and I get paid", getting that initial investment is what keeps most idiots out of the system. Did the pharma company just take a bet on something and fool everyone to play along? Here is what the end user gets from the effort that it takes to mine bitcoin - proof that every transaction that ever took place is legitimate (so you've eliminated fraud). Along with the architecture of the system, the end user gets a fast secure transaction that is stored on several nodes. The miner gets bitcoin for providing this service. Nobody is getting fooled about what is being provided, its a self-sustaining system that grows in value as the network becomes bigger.
@_date: 2018-03-12 16:56:15
This is exactly the kind of ignorant statement that perpetuates all the negative stereotypes about bitcoin. I understand everyone is thrilled their memes got exposure on Oliver's show, but try and understand that the reason you're reading this reply is because you're interested in discussions about bitcoin and eventually that is because bitcoin had to derive value from somewhere initially, and as it became accepted that value convinced some of the more enterprising people who actually understand business and economics, to create these massive farms. If you spend a lot of time and money/energy doing something, you're likely to demand fair value for what you produced, you have ascribed value to it. If there are people who don't see value in it, they are free not to use it, but even if there is one then your commodity has value and you get something in exchange for it. The fact that you are here discussing this isn't because "not that it has any real value" and your entire premise seems to indicate (which is why I was so disappointed in Oliver's episode) that you have only learned of bitcoin from what has happened in the last few months, and that cursory knowledge has limited your ability to understand how it caught on in the first place - when the cost of mining did not make it "not competitive."  
@_date: 2018-07-25 19:39:34
He correlates this to the Japanese Govt devaluing the Yen to aid exports: [see this tweet:]( I find this slightly amusing and far more encouraging than the ETF news (An ETF is going to be approved sooner or later, if not in the US first then certainly in Canada, once futures were allowed this was a given). Amusing because its funny that when the bonds yield jumps that investments would move to speculative volatile assets like Bitcoin during its seconds longest and most publicized bear market. Encouraging because that means the underlying belief and faith in crypto in E Asia is still strong (maybe even stronger) and thus even if the ETF announcement is delayed by 5 months, volumes picking up in Asia are a great counterweight.
@_date: 2018-07-28 03:11:42
Yeah, that is why I said people add updates, but if twitter already has a process in place to remove the verified tick for changing the  then it should be just as concerned as someone who is verified changing their name and instantly checking it against the list of verified accounts, which is a few million at the most and considering they lock accounts while important changes are made this is easy to implement.
@_date: 2018-07-27 20:01:26
But they are still changing the profile pic and the profile name. If the profile name changes (and I know people put hilarious and sometimes useful updates such as adding "not giving away crypto") surely it is easy enough to match it to another verified profile name and at least lock the account until it is proven that the name change is legitimate?
@_date: 2018-03-07 06:15:28
Rather ironic how Bitcoin and crypto which were created to challenge the current financial system or rather create an alternative financial system have ended up becoming financial instruments in it.