@_author: xanny
@_date: 2015-06-05 20:59:39
Drug overdoes are the result of being an idiot. I can overdose on over the counter Tylenol. Your grocery store is not liable if you buy a knife and stab yourself with it.
@_date: 2015-06-05 20:28:12
I didn't know that death or dismemberment was the side effect of using a website.
@_date: 2015-06-11 12:40:50
Yeah, even two years ago leaving it running choked my download speed when it capped my upload, you reminded me why I stopped leaving it open 24/7 in the first place! =\
@_date: 2015-06-10 17:15:50
I just opened bitcoin-qt for the first time in... about two weeks. I do try to keep an updated copy of the blockchain, even though I rarely have it open.
Why don't I have it running all the time? Looking right now, its using 60% of my i7 4770k's CPU and 1.5GB of ram while 7 days behind. Whenever it updates it eats my computer alive, and it would always be resident 1-2GB of memory. Thats just too much to leave running 24/7 for me, when I get no personal benefit out of it besides increasing the node count. It is kind of inconvenient to have to wait an hour whenever I want to spend some BTC for the blockchain to update, but I've never minded much, and I use coinbase as a hot wallet.
Meanwhile, I am seeding torrents at 200KB/s 24/7, because ktorrent uses 55MB of ram and never eats my CPU while doing so.
@_date: 2014-09-18 16:16:51
"looks at 3 month trend"
What bubble?
@_date: 2014-09-24 22:55:57


    1.a person who embodies in the flesh a deity, spirit, or abstract quality.
    2. (with reference to reincarnation) one of a series of lifetimes that a person spends on earth.
(source: google)
@_date: 2014-03-01 00:24:17
It should at least be a warning that if people keep their BTC in a centralized place, it becomes a big target for anyone with a gun and badge.
@_date: 2014-01-11 02:28:18
If you spend less the economy slows, the problem is you easily get into runaway deflation where a slowing economy slows the velocity of money which leads to more hoarding which leads to less money in active circulation which leads to more monetary scarcity which leads to more deflation as the value of money rises.
Still hoping either I get a few months free time to implement it, or waiting for someone else to invent a cryptobuck that adjusts the money generation rate according to monetary velocity in the economy. So if velocity is low a lot more money is generated, when velocity is high less is created.
@_date: 2014-09-24 23:08:29
If you managed to get out, I see no reason to ever risk yourself by coming back again. It is the same line of reasoning why no sane person would want to land in a North Korean airport.
@_date: 2014-01-11 02:25:56
It is hugely deflationary already. That is why the price today is 1k, and this time last year it was $10. Deflation implies the per-unit value of the money goes up (or goods prices drop relative to it, which is absolutely true when you consider how much less BTC a US dollar costs today), not that the monetary base is shrinking.
@_date: 2014-09-24 23:03:12
If I force you at gunpoint to buy a winning lottery ticket you do not owe me shit. The same applies to whatever state you were born in. You had no choice in the matter, and saying "LOOK HOW NICE WE WERE TO GIVE YOU ALL THESE ROADS NOW OBEY OUR RULES AND LET US ROB YOU OR WE'LL SHOOT YOU!" is in the same line of thought.
@_date: 2014-09-25 02:41:03


Can come to you, and not face prosecution in your country. If you chose well a new nation. And if they cannot leave, what makes you think you could if you went there?


A lot of the discussion in this thread is about how many banks do not want to do business with Americans. And in more general terms, I would not hold a meeting in (keeping with the comparison) North Korea, just for the potential to generate wealth, if I risk imprisonment and suffering for it. I doubt any business can justly compensate an employee for perpetual imprisonment by corrupt states on their time.


I also like sipping mix drinks on the shores of hell. The world is wide, and I don't see millions lining up to go vacationing in Syria or Iraq considering the political climate right now, for example. If you were an American expat facing persecution if you returned to the states it would hopefully rank highly on the least likely places you want to vacation in.
@_date: 2014-02-11 19:16:09
The fees are huge on coinbase though!
@_date: 2014-11-12 18:58:34


*Any* technology poised to help African nations develop is inevitably this. Unless African countries themselves invent technologies to fix their own problems, there are few things you can give them that by their nature of adopting does not transfer their newfound wealth back in some way.
And just talking about the cost of a cell phone is disingenuous, because you need to consider the cost of *any* payment system. If you wanted to use credit cards, you would need a banking industry, a credit company to sell the credit, facilities to manufacture the cards, card readers anywhere you want to spend it, and computers at all these facilities to handle payment processing because there is *no* non-technological financial system left in the western nations, and anywhere without access to technology is already using the best you can get without it - trading physical possessions, be it paper money or otherwise.
At that, paper money is not a solution either, because you need to invest tremendously in printing and maintaining it, and unlike with bitcoin you need legitimate enforcement to prevent counterfeiting.
The difference is that a newly born Credit Card or Paper Money industry requires tremendous centralized investment and deployment. Bitcoin requires no central planning, just organic adoption with per-person technology to enable them to use it. And yeah, it is way too expensive for a lot of them, but the infrastructure to use bitcoin is an infrastructure they should have anyway - networking and Internet access.
@_date: 2014-03-01 00:22:58
What kind of free market is a market without rules? It just means no property rights, no recourse for violence inflicted upon you. That isn't even a market. You have to assume basic principles that put us slightly above beasts to have anything close to free voluntary exchange.
@_date: 2014-10-06 00:24:14


Display qr code on any screen at checkout containing payee name, btc address, contents of order, and amount. User scans, confirms, pays. Probably add in a marginal fee for fast confirms. Done. Easier than finding a piece of plastic and swiping it, faster than counting up pieces of paper, more convenient than whatever hacks they are trying to get in with Google and Apple Pay crap, and all the store needs is simple QR generation free software already available on a $50 toaster pc with wifi.
@_date: 2014-12-22 01:29:17
Yes. There are already known exploits in it already that get the complexity of collisions down to 2^61, which is feasible on modern hardware but very expensive. Any more breakthroughs and it becomes even easier to break sha1 hashes.
@_date: 2014-03-01 00:21:33
It seems hard to have a market without a rule of "don't steal". Which to be more particular is "collectively we grant and observe property rights, and violating them has consequences".
@_date: 2014-01-11 02:29:42


But they aren't doing this because of the market valuation of dollars vs btc, they are doing it for political reasons. And politics always fucks up economics.
@_date: 2014-07-19 21:12:32


If it is in fiat you cannot burn it. You cannot photo copy it. You cannot gift it to someone else. You legally cannot exchange it with someone the state issuer does not like.
If you were getting your profit in bitcoin, then the only recourse of the state against you going against there wishes is violence, because they don't control the money in that case to abuse you with it.
@_date: 2014-09-18 16:17:58
I've been a holding spartan for like a year now. My feet are like roots entrenched in the dirt, for I will hold until the end of time.
@_date: 2014-07-19 21:02:46
I'd only look at 1080p+ notebooks, and in that regard the two entry level system76 systems look nice. Problem is their tech support apparently really sucks. I got my last notebook from Xotic, and I don't believe they bulk purchase Windows licenses since they are a smaller retailer, but I might have given MS money there. I just shy away from System76 from the bad rap I've heard. I know the other two, since that notebook purchase, have gotten 1080p notebooks for around 1k.
@_date: 2014-11-14 01:38:24


Tautology detected!
@_date: 2014-10-20 20:36:00
Patents still only last 20 years in the US. (only?) Copyright lasts forever.
@_date: 2014-07-19 17:39:08
I did buy a gpu off of them the week they announced it, but their customer support is so much worse than the alternatives in my experience.
@_date: 2014-10-02 23:03:03


embrace, extend, extinguish!
@_date: 2014-10-09 16:29:14
The for life part kind of bites, but in general there is nothing wrong with elected officials appointing other offices. You elected that prime minister. It is certainly better in aggregate that people rigorously vet one candidate (haha, nobody does that anyway...) than split their effort between two or more.
The status quo (in the US) of each voter having voting rights for two dozen or more elected positions just means that none of them are ever properly vetted by an informed educated panel and most are just voted for on party line or tv ads. 
It is actually one of the underlying tendencies that incumbent parties use to weaken democracy. If you only elect one person, you are going to give a colossal amount of consideration towards that person. When you elect 30 people, you might care about one, but you are toting the party line on the other 29 and letting them run through whoever the party leaders want into office.
@_date: 2014-09-23 17:29:33
In this context prison seems wholly irresponsible on the part of society, since BFL was in no ways a violent aggressor that must be removed from society for the safety of citizens, which is all I can consider prison appropriate for. Even in the violent aggressor context, I'd rather see them exiled from the state than fed and housed (poorly) on my tax dollar, albeit that is tricky in a world where every square inch is under the dominion of a state who would not be too privy to let the US willy nilly deport exiles to.
@_date: 2014-07-19 17:46:18
All these businesses accepting btc leads me to think the recent price stability is a result of that. Seriously, it has been 630 +/- 100 for the last three months.
@_date: 2014-10-28 17:49:52
Except it makes a lot of sense in that there is no fractional yen. It is the same as just moving the decimal point on your $1.99 frapuchino two spaces over and calling it 199 of some currency. I mean, how does having the base unit of a currency be 0.01 *of* something make any sense? Just start at 1.
Having a dot in there in my book just makes it busier.
@_date: 2014-01-16 20:09:46
I was under the impression  was doing a good job with the distributed dropbox idea. Though the client they have is closed source the protocol is open.
However, that kind of protocol doesn't really work for, say, video sharing, because you can't just arbitrarily jump around an unbuffered file and be able to load from a point.
@_date: 2014-04-15 00:37:57
This. Every time I'm shopping for something online, I check TigerDirect and Overstock first, but I've made 3 Amazon purchases in the last 3 months just because they simply don't carry it.
@_date: 2014-07-19 17:54:04
If it gets big enough, it is painless to just generate a wallet dell uses themselves and has customers pay to with no fees. The downside is the waiting on confirmations, but for an online retailor waiting for payment confirmation is not much of a problem.
@_date: 2014-10-20 20:15:10
OP rejects that patents are beneficial. Usually that means at all, not just "a few years". I'm more surprised that patents have not gone the copyright route - perpetual with no expiration on the whims of corporate lobbyists. I guess big pharma is missing its Disney Corp?
@_date: 2014-02-25 15:44:56
I still trade, I just move coins in and out of exchange wallets only to do business. I never leave my money on an exchange longer than I have to - they aren't a bank, and I don't expect them to secure my funds like one.
@_date: 2014-07-19 17:43:34
I actually have some software dev contracts now that are being paid in BTC, so not all my income is in fiat. I even offer a discount for consulting paid in BTC =P (or ltc, or doge, or peercoin, etc).
@_date: 2014-12-16 16:41:36
*Lukejr*'s source.
@_date: 2014-09-24 23:06:01


The market can, should, and/or will do it when unimpeded. You use sewer oil in your cooking? Your cooking will be shit, your coworkers will call you out on your amorality, and when the public finds out you will never get business again.


The smog causing lung cancer is violence against all those who are around the factory. In my book the fact pollution isn't considered a criminal offense against those around the source of it is ridiculous. In a sane free market though the grievances of others would drive you out of business because you would never want to do business with a murderer.
@_date: 2014-05-12 18:49:55


What? You could just not pay a transaction fee if you are fine waiting hours or days for confirmations. Also, services like coinbase are already working to supplant the need to worry about transaction fees by authenticating transactions on their network between in-network peers, and I imagine that kind of system will take off big as cryptomoney takes off.
@_date: 2014-07-19 17:41:13
Give the browser uri handling for, say, btc://&lt;insert-wallet&gt; that bitcoin-qt can recognize, in the same way magnets work. It doesn't even require any changes browser-side, at least in firefox, you can register arbitrary URIs, it just requires that bitcoin-qt support invocation with a url like that, which would be easy to implement... (puts it on the to-do list).
Its two clicks, in that you click the purchase button, and then confirm it in bitcoin-qt, but one click buying across the entire internet (which bitcoin enables well) would be rampant fraud unless you said "are you sure?" since there are no chargebacks, you need to make sure the sender is fully aware of who, what, and how much they are paying for.
@_date: 2014-12-21 23:23:04
The "rainbow table" for an irreducible random distribution of in 2^256 is all numbers from 0 to 2^256-1, since computers start from 0.
So your rainbow table is just for(x = 0 x &lt; 2^256 x++) try x
Which is computationally impossible with current tech. Rainbow tables are useful when you have a nonuniform distribution or could approximate hot spots of activity in the distribution range your answer is most likely to reside using given information or just algorithmic faults. They don't have any practical benefit trying to brute force an entire uniform random number space.
Of course, SHA1 is not a blind 256 bit random number to guess from. You can predict more likely outcomes and use algorithmic analysis to reduce the problem domain. That is why anyone who knows their salt in Crypto will tell you to at least use sha-256 instead, because in the same way md5 eventually was cracked despite it being a 128 bit keyspace (which in a brute force attack would also be computationally impossible to run through) then SHA1 becomes vulnerable the longer it exists and the more time there has been for mathematicians to find loopholes in its perceived randomness.
@_date: 2014-10-05 16:10:58
The stores should still just start letting you scan a QR code of your receipt to pay with btc. Would be a lot easier, and then you don't have to buy the expensive card scanners or pay the CC mafia their extortion fees.
Yea, I know this lets them transparently use fiat with a btc backing, but it seems like a waste of time to me, and I think it might negatively influence businesses to not adopt bitcoin if you can easily spend it with a fiat credit card. What you really want is an untapped reservoir of revenue you are completely missing out on due to not accepting a bitcoin payment schema, so there is pressure to do so.
@_date: 2014-01-05 21:00:16
I missed the last ride up when it hit 1k and hated myself for selling my last haul at like $200.
Not this time, I bought at $700 and now I'm ready! To the moon!
@_date: 2014-09-14 00:55:38
He could have said litecoin and dogecoin though =\
@_date: 2014-07-19 21:07:38
Why are you letting them get away with anything? The moral of the story is these assholes need to fuck off. It is just like online DRM - everyone says "well, flash and silverlight already suck, so why not compel all web browsers to have back door bullshit" and everyone sat the wayside and destroyed the platform that was enabling the future of information exchange due to the inherent difficulty in obfuscating the data they send you.
And that got done fucked up.
And now bitcoin is going to get done fucked up. If anything is going to kill btc, it is regulation the ecosystem obeys.
@_date: 2014-02-25 04:28:27


Wait, what? I thought this was all about faith in the crypto and the 51%, not some random dudes running a business in some easily raided by swat teams building.
Then again, I keep all my coins in a local wallet, and apparently nobody else does.
Really though, BTC is supposed to be about decentralization. It is an obvious, hopefully amendable point of failure that an exchange like Gox can do so much nonsense with the economy in their 9 month long downward death spiral.
@_date: 2014-03-19 23:32:38
This only means they didn't falsify quotes. It doesn't mean the story is anything but bullshit ruining a guys life.
@_date: 2014-01-28 23:44:38
You can also stop doing business with DPR when you find out he's hiring assassins. Good luck opting out of your taxation.
@_date: 2014-01-11 02:32:14
That's an average of $160 per order.
Pretty good considering what your usual sale probably is on a web store!
@_date: 2014-01-29 03:09:00
It is inevitable, though. It could be like how the Catholic Church persecuted scientists as heretics for a milennia. It may not be this generation but eventually people will realize cryptography is the best currency backer.
@_date: 2014-05-12 19:22:35
But this is assuming you put it in and take it out as fiat. If your recipient doesn't sell it back out, and they send it to someone else, and they don't either, then you never have input fees again. It is just the overhead of the fiat &lt;-&gt; btc exchange, and all these stores make it easier to avoid it.
@_date: 2014-09-24 13:45:21
I'm not saying it is not criminal, but aggression is very finely defined as inflicting things upon others against their will.
In the end, the clients still gave BFL its money voluntarily. The only grounds for violence there would be how BFL lied about the authenticity of its business.
@_date: 2014-09-25 14:29:47


It depends on who was there first. If an obviously polluting coal plant were down the street from the property you bought, you can't have any grievances to its pollution. But if they build one down the street from where you live they are hurting you in a myriad of ways - directly, through medical complications from exposure, and indirectly, through property value degradation and communal flight from the area.
Even then, in all circumstances, someone generating pollution *is* hurting everyone around them, insofar as they are committing violence. They are still responsible for that, I just feel less so if the aggressed is just willfully taking it.
@_date: 2014-07-19 21:10:13
If you sit idly by, and ignore the aggression of the state, before you know it you are on a state run blockchain with state issued wallets and state printing of new coins to give to their "friends" who got you there.
@_date: 2014-03-20 15:44:14
Does anyone really keep flossing? I have a floss stick in my drawer next to my desk. Maybe I should use it? But then my gums ache all day.
@_date: 2014-09-24 23:01:26
Strange that every other first world nation has roads, schools, water, airways, etc - most of them much better than those found in the US - but they are not trying to do international income tax on anyone with their citizenship, albeit they probably have exit taxes. Difference is, without those expat taxes, you have no reason to renounce your citizenship besides as a political move.
@_date: 2014-08-29 20:22:48
Alcor has plans for young folk (20s - 30s) to take life insurance policies in their 20s that only cost like $100 a year to guarantee them a frosty retirement. I think life insurance policies in the 60 - 200k range cover it, whether it be just freezing the head or the entire body.
@_date: 2014-12-22 15:29:57
Yea thats right, forgot where I saw someone using sha1 for something "secure" recently.
@_date: 2015-05-29 22:43:44
I could go chug a bottle of Tylenol off a store shelf and have a "destructive" outcome. Or bleach. Or rat poison. Or a sock.
@_date: 2015-05-23 06:24:31
I'm still sitting on around 2.6 btc from back in the 1k glory days. My peak was around 25 btc at the time, now I just buy Newegg parts and subway with it...
@_date: 2014-01-11 02:31:27
And if they hosted their own bitcoin wallets to deposit into rather than using coinbase they could get rid of the fees entirely. I imagine the only reason they aren't doing this is for political reasons - they are never actually touching a bitcoin, it all goes through coinbase and they just get the cash.
@_date: 2015-05-29 22:50:49
Unless you can find evidence of Mark being a violent threat to human life, I don't think anyone should be in jail.
I think Mark should have leans and undischargable debt against him for the rest of his life for the amount he stole, but you won't get reciprocity for his deception by spending a hundred grand(in USD) of either American or Japanese citizens money to keep him in a concrete box.
I'd say the same about Ross. If they could trace evidence beyond writing down a desire to hire hits that he was actually trying to get people assassinated, then sure, hes a physical threat to others - but only as long as he has the money to do it. So take away his money. If you couldn't do that, you could go after him for all the people hes wronged... oh wait, Silk Road was predominantly voluntary exchange. Ruh roh.
Unsurprisingly, most non-violent offenders are only offending through the power of wealth. Take that away from them rather than just wasting *my* money removing them from society when they are not a physical danger to anyone.
@_date: 2014-01-16 20:07:48
If they are conforming to the protocol and as long as they don't collude to control a majority stake in the network, does it matter?
@_date: 2014-07-19 17:47:21
You could buy from thinkpenguin, zareason, system76, etc who only sell Linux systems and thus aren't paying MS anything. Their hardware suppliers probably are, though...
@_date: 2014-03-01 18:17:28


This has nothing to do with "don't steal".


In a reduced rules set market, no, this violates free market principles - it means you can't compete on the axis of security integrity.
I'm still operating on the assumption Gox is bullshitting about losing all the money, and they are just trying to steal it still. Blockchain on the theft or I still hold them as prime suspect.
@_date: 2015-05-21 16:57:03
You mention jury nullification when being vetted for jury duty. For every case you can end up with over a hundred people being considered for jury duty and an immediate out of getting selected is to talk about nullification during the interview. You are not in contempt of court - the lawyers will just never pick you. Just don't go talking about it to every other potential juror in your pool.
@_date: 2015-05-28 03:21:46
His hairy jib!
@_date: 2015-05-29 22:40:01
They screamed them from the rooftops at congressmen while writing blank checks until the bailout parachutes came floating down from the heavens.
@_date: 2016-01-15 23:36:59
I had a transaction delayed by an hour two weeks ago because I didn't pay a ludicrously high transaction fee since the blocks are often full and backlogged.
That's not working really well.
@_date: 2015-01-31 03:30:15
Note that on the grand spectrum of open source:
Microsoft / underwhelming girth -&gt; Apple / just the tip -&gt; Google / Iron Grip  -&gt; Mozilla / Copyrighted Assets -&gt; BSD / Permissive -&gt; Linux / Firmware Blobs -&gt; Hurd / FSF / GNU
That means there is still room to grow. Death to firmware blobs and death to proprietary shitware!
@_date: 2015-05-20 21:38:18
If the Jurors somehow find out its a thing they can even do - nobody will tell them, and it can be illegal to. On the bright side, if you want an instant-out on Juror duty, mention nullification and how you would love to use it.
@_date: 2015-05-23 06:26:19
I'm 23 now, when I was 22 I had more than 5k in btc =P. Now I'm down to 2.6 btc after selling and spending it all.
@_date: 2015-05-29 23:14:44
Lets ban them all then! Dangerous *and* no fun? Sounds like tobacco. Whoops.
@_date: 2016-01-15 23:41:22
Its not a complicated issue. There were more transactions taking place on the network than fit in a 1MB block, and since you were not willing to pay a large transaction fee you got stuck in a long queue of transactions waiting to be confirmed.
Either you reduce the transaction volume, which I guess is the goal of the anti-blocksize increase crowd, or you increase its size to fit the larger volume of transactions happening.
It is almost insane to me that a portion of the community, regardless of who they are, literally want bitcoin to have fewer users and less trading going on. Is that not the point of a crpyto*currency*?
@_date: 2016-01-15 03:26:58
I hear responding to criticism of censorship with more censorship is a great idea.
@_date: 2015-08-09 18:35:10
Because your money is power, and who you give your money to influences the world around you.
Why, as a consumer, would you shop at Walmart when Walmart actively works to reduce your income and any potential social safety net you have available to you? To give them money is to give your enemy a tool against you.
In the same way, if NY is pulling bullshit that if implemented elsewhere could cripple cryptocurrencies, doing business with a company who pays that extortion (and thus funds it) is spending money to harm yourself.
@_date: 2016-02-18 03:13:35
Yea, which is why you need sufficient complexity in the key itself to minimize your attack surface. Four digit numeric pins that get salted and hashed can't be protected by any hardware from a sufficiently sophisticated attacker.
@_date: 2016-02-17 23:41:27
See the history of Vivaldi on why actual open hardware is so hard:
The Blackphone (I looked it up) uses a Tegra 4, which means proprietary video driver and proprietary baseband. When talking about open hardware tablets are pretty much the only reasonable jumping off point, because those are just circuit boards with a SoC and some flash soldered on - it *should* be relatively easy, compared to phones / desktops, to either design and fab out open implementations yourself or find vendors willing to provide open source firmware.
Easy of course *being* relative. It is still nigh-impossible to do. But with phones you now have accelerometers, cameras, basebands, and other peripherals that are almost always given proprietary that need to be open to trust them.
@_date: 2016-02-17 16:53:29
You don't need hardware support to have unbreakable encryption. AES is already uncrackable even at its smallest keysize (128).
@_date: 2016-02-17 16:47:56
Exactly. The most fundamental security is the ability to control your own device, something Apple does not grant you. Neither does any Android phone, really - the bootloaders and modems are still all proprietary, so you cannot control those - but you can at least control the OS said bootloader runs.
@_date: 2016-02-18 00:46:07
"They" are state entities. They can extract flash chips and apply as many brute force key attempts against the encrypted data as much as they want. The physical interface on the phone is irrelevant when you have the forensics of government at your disposal. The only security is uncompromised keyspaces and secure algorithms.
4-6 digit numerical pins are absurdly small keyspaces. If you let users have those, there needs to be some attempt gating to abate casual attacks, but that doesn't actually secure your device if the potential keyspace is so small. There isn't even a way to salt effectively on a compromised device - it has to be stored in some way for the host to salt and hash the key to actually get the encryption key. You just need an unbounded keyspace and sufficiently secure passphrases to make brute force unreasonable. But you *can* do it, and you can do it wholly in software. There is no real shortcut to having a very good random password.
@_date: 2016-02-17 21:20:33
You just (always) hash the password to generate the decryption key. That is how you get variable length password decryption keys in the first place.
@_date: 2016-02-17 17:41:46
Brute force attacks cannot break secure cryptography, that is why its called secure.
You can certainly reduce the keyspace of possible entries using common password dictionaries, but hopefully anyone who cares about their privacy is using novel often randomized passwords that negate such optimizations.
@_date: 2015-04-14 21:57:28


Its not pieces of paper. Someone cannot just take your phone and spend your bitcoin if you are sane, but they can take your wallet and spend your cash. Your transactions are archived in a permanent ledger, for better or worse.


I have to make the distinction between credit and debit cards here, in that debit cards do not have the per-spend benefits that most CCs have. So bitcoin benefits by eliminating as much of the transaction fee as you want, preventing a business from having *direct access to your bank account* on file - remember all those stories of companies like Target losing billing info?, and again not being something you can just have taken out of your wallet to see all the contents of your bank account lost, albeit some banks and in some situations you can get recouped for some of your losses in those situations.
And for the debit card, it is much harder for merchants to accept them than bitcoin - it requires expensive hardware, business bank accounts, and they then have to pay CC fees even on debit cards (albeit the fees are much lower for debit than credit).
I buy tons of overstock / newegg goods nowadays in BTC. It is always nicer to be able to *send* money to someone to pay for something than to literally give them access to your plastic accounts and have them "take" the amount owed. Yes you could sue people that rob you that way... but why make it an option in the first place?
@_date: 2015-02-05 05:51:48


@_date: 2015-02-05 04:57:46
Doesn't mean you should go to jail for it. You weren't violent in committing fraud, but you were deceptive, lying, and manipulative.
Those latter are something better suited to free markets resolving, where fraudsters are brought to light and nobody does business with them again. 
At the most, you could take all their stuff and distribute it amongst those they wronged, but I always feel the only moral use for jail is to remove those who are too dangerous to be left in society from it. And even then the actual moral solution is exile, but since every square inch of the planet is now owned by some state, there is no frontier to throw them out to.
But morally, even taking their stuff that seems wrong. Fundamentally it *is* the fault of those that were frauded to trust someone who was lying to you. They put false faith in your words and suffered for it, but that is kind of how trust is made or lost. It seems wrong to stuff guns in there and take peoples things over it, when up to that point it was all mind games. In a sane world a frauster would commit it once, have their reputation ruined forever, and never be able to do business with anyone else because they fundamentally disavowed any trust in their behavior with their actions. They should wallow in squalor without pity forever, but they shouldn't be incarcerated for it.
@_date: 2015-02-05 06:40:59
Regular free space is effectively randomized through the mangling of previously stored data and the significant absence of data in the first place, besides the junk bits present on the drive at its construction.
Otherwise, performing an ata-secure-erase makes you liable for prosecution for having a hidden partition (or just doing dd if=/dev/random of=/foo/partition).
@_date: 2015-02-05 04:37:37
Except that isn't how hard drives work. "Free space" is never just all zeros, it is always rewritten over data that got scrapped and forgotten. That is why you can recover files even after you "delete them", and they might still be there years after you did so.
It is extremely hard and I cannot imagine it would pass in court to claim the free space reported by a drive was actually a hidden volume.
@_date: 2015-02-05 04:52:06
And even at that, you are assuming free trade of goods is something you must stop because the people trading them have no idea what they are doing and need guns pointed at them telling them no because meth and cyanide are bad and nobody can be trusted with them. Except us, with us being the government. Freedom!
@_date: 2015-02-05 05:07:31
While so incredibly unlikely, nothing stops writes to your harddrive from recreating the silk road administrator tokens in free space. You just write and override the right sectors perfectly and suddenly your cat pictures are now the US nuclear access codes.
The probabilities here are nearly impossible. They are so hugely unlikely it is hilarious. But it isn't impossible, just very highly improbable. So it is really hard to say "well, you had X in free space, you *must* have put it there! Because there is a crazy small chance it is there. But there are a lot of bits in the world, and a lot of things that would seem suspicious in free space, and a lot of free space, and a lot of time for free space to mean something somewhere at some point, so you are actually mixing a lot of magnitudes of probability, but there is some frequency with which your hard drive will contain "illegal" data just by its random write cycles, and I have no idea how you would properly figure out if that is all the time or once in a universe, but it has a likelihood of happening.
That, and its an encrypted drive. Without the key it looks like white noise, none of the data makes any files whatsoever, which is what you expect from free space - either the unwritten sectors look like nothing (and they aren't all zero out of the factory - they come garbled just from noise in production or from intentional scrambling by the vendor) or you get that one in infinity chance again to have something meaningful in effectively random white noise.
@_date: 2015-02-05 04:50:09
@_date: 2013-04-11 18:41:17
As a college grad who only has $2k in loan debt now, and has $2k in the bank, with no other debts - they only do it because they can get away with it, and because credit card companies know they can exploit it. It is a systemic cultural problem, not an intelligence problem. (though the culture contributes to less critical thinking)
@_date: 2013-07-21 15:43:23


Modern economies depend on inflation as the driving motivator to keep the monetary base in motion. Money changing hands means prosperity. If you have a currency that deflates (which BTC does now because of market growth, but will still happen at market saturation because the coin supply is finite) hoarding takes that BTC out of the market.
The effect nobody is considering is that if you have a market saturated money that deflates, hoarding begins at the top. Bigger players can hoard more and hoard longer because they don't require spending on essentials as a fraction of their money. What happens is a consistent economic slowdown, where the lack of money movement from the top down (*exactly* like what happened betwen 07 - 09 when every investor lost confidence in the US and took their money out) where you have a persistent slowdown in productivity.
The difference is there is no governmental kill switch to just make more money appear. That is great for BTC, because it means none of the corrupt wealth-creation for rich bankers in cahoots with the fed. But it also means a BTC economy would just enter an appreciation spiral where people save btc because it deflates -&gt; price goes up faster because the money supply dwindles and becomes scarcer -&gt; repeat until a significant portion of the monetary base is hoarded and very little is transacted in the market.
The result of "efficiency" is the death of cheap goods, and the ability to be efficient by your own investments as savings rather than money hoarding. Your goods become radically more expensive because without the economies of scale of mass production working on them with persistent consumption markets at play, the vast majority of the goods-producing sectors of the economy dwindle in size vastly. You do get "bare minimums" but you don't get economic growth out of nobody spending their money.
You also don't get investment, which means no house loans, no car loans, no business loans, you don't see R&amp;D in anything, because you can just hoard money and gain value. It is a system where it is individually beneficial to hoard but socially destructive because you stall economic activity when everyone is hoarding.
And like I said, it disproportionately benefits the wealthiest because they have to spend less of their resources on necessities. You wouldn't necessarily drive food or power or housing into a market collapse like you would ice crushers or iphones because people *have* to spend on those. However, you would see no R&amp;D in those industries, and you would see no market growth in anything, because there is no capital investment taking place.
That is the difference between inflating money and deflating money - if its inflating, you want to get rid of it as quickly as possible. That means buying goods or services (immediate economic motivator) or investing it (delayed economic motivator that creates long term value). If it deflates, you buy goods or services, or hoard it, which has no economic impact besides reducing the monetary base and making money scarcer and thus deflate faster. You don't drive innovation, and it has a spiral effect that takes the deflation rate beyond any potential return on an investment, so it becomes economically unsound not to hoard your money.
The same thing happens now, by the way. All the billions welled up in gold / silver / etc are doing nothing for economic output. It is a black hole of money going in and nothing coming out until the holder eventually sells their hoarded goods (often to other hoarders, who perpetuate the cycle) which slows economic activity because that gold isn't being productive. It isn't making goods or services or innovating, it is a metal bar sitting in a vault. Same thing happens to btc sitting in a wallet growing in value and not being spent as a result.
It is a sad day when everyone is rich on hoarded btc appreciation but there is nothing to buy with that money because every business besides the essentials for living closed shop.
@_date: 2013-03-20 00:39:37
I can't help but feel you might have spent more money in electricity than you got back in BTC if you had it running 24/7. The mining market seems pretty far out of the realm of some nerds gaming PC nowadays, at least if you are not in a miners pool.
@_date: 2013-12-06 01:59:52
Cash out what? He could buy so much pot with all that money!
If you get rich in btc might as well just buy stuff with it.
@_date: 2013-07-20 23:28:48


So if you had chargebacks, you would still have scammers. They would just be scamming in reverse - the ones getting the money can be scammed by those giving it. Also, there is no way to implement chargebacks in BTC unless you have a layover period in a third parties btc account both parties trusted to hold the money and at a later date distribute it at the whims of both parties. You could make a proof of work transaction schema where the sender of money can revoke that transaction for some length of time, but no one would use it. The alternative is centralizing authority in a trust of some party to manage this which is off the table in a distributed money scheme. Trust exists in that your transaction will happen.


I recently graduated college under similar circumstances, except one friend of mine was mining in his bedroom with 4970s (he sold around 5,000 BTC for 2,500 USD, dunno if he ever got back in the mining game).
Once you graduate and encounter taxes, the PITAs of wages, bank accounts, credit cards, etc - you realize how stupid as hell the US fiat monetary system is. Hopefully. That was my reaction. I knew about btc but only gained faith in it last year after graduating.


Fumble through wallet looking for card, realize its not there, go out to car and find it under seat, wrong card, date expired, it bent, someone stole it. Swipe it 3 times because the reader didn't detect it, fumble through the control pad of a dinky scanner, put in a 4 digit pin you have to remember (easily copyable).
Put a 4 digit password on your phone and you don't need an app login credential. Though that isn't the best password for your bank account.
In practice, a good mobile btc app would open the camera immediately when the app is opened. Also, organize your phones home screen and put your wallet in a recognizable place. The app can constantly try scanning qr codes until it picks one up and asks for a confirmation on the transaction (might as well embed the cost in the code as well).
Also, if you are using a mobile app with a remote wallet, your transactions can just AJAX to the wallet server. That transaction is measured in bytes. TLS encrypted bytes, but bytes. Not time consuming.
Maybe, *maybe*, the store (or you) don't provide a confirm tip and you end up waiting 10 minutes for the confirms to guarantee the money moved.


If you use an online wallet service, you can call them in the same way you call a CC company and deny the stolen device access. Another option is requiring a password when making a btc purchase from someone you haven't exchanged with before (so they can't get your money out of your account unless they buy stuff at stores you've been to with it). If they stole your phone they would have your bank login details anyway.
Also, the entire chargeback procedure on stolen money hinges on the bank taking the burden of lost capital if the money was taken out at an ATM or other non-refundable transaction. Nothing stops a btc wallet from doing the same.


I know, for example, my mothers tablet has her banking account info saved in the firefox password registry. If someone stole that, and got through the password guard on it, they would have her bank account info. Same level of vulnerability as a bitcoin remote wallet account.
@_date: 2013-07-21 23:58:57


But that was corrupt politicians and bankers making obscenely unsustainable loans under the assumption they could just jump ship with millions when shit hit the fan. Which they did.


But this whole conversation starts with the assumption bitcoin has reached market saturation by basically taking over a large portion of fiscal commerce in the world. I don't think it is infeasible a cryptocurrency will displace fiat money - I'd prefer to call it inevitable. I'm not saying we have healthy investment or a good economy *now*, but in order to have such a good economy a deflating currency will slow the economy it operates in and stall innovation and the transfers of wealth. So you have your restructuring implicitly - you are operating in a bitcoin centric economy here.
Of course when one malicious party controls the currency purse economics is thrown out the window. You can't predict market movements when someone has a monetary printing press, besides the precedent that those getting printed dollars are winning and everyone else holding those dollars is losing. It is made worse in the US by the usage of US dollars as reserve notes internationally so they have an unnatural resistance to inflation inherent to them because the opportunity costs of moving away from a US dollar backed economy are huge. It is why bitcoin (or its inflation-capable alternative) will take decades or centuries to reach market saturation.
@_date: 2013-05-28 20:05:28
And congress has all the guns.
@_date: 2013-04-12 01:47:01
That was one of the main reasons the bubble even happened. Everyone jumped on Internet companies before the Internet was pervasive enough to sustain it.
Start up culture with web tech is *again* a really huge market like the turn of the millennium, but now there is an audience to sustain and proven business models to draw from.
I can draw a *huge* parallel to BTC there. People jump on the wagon before BTC is regularly exchanged as money for goods and services, so it is all speculation. Some length of time later, that infrastructure pops up, and the market comes back in realistic capacity.
@_date: 2013-05-03 05:25:40


Oh Linux as my main OS, I love how I need my root password to install anything =P
@_date: 2013-03-20 00:35:26
Well once you have the backend to actually do the trading, I don't think ✓ U2713 with a [] () link is that hard =P
@_date: 2013-07-21 19:07:53
The free food analogy applies to deflating currency. Everyone would like *their* money to gain in value over time, but when everyones money is gaining value, nobody is spending and thus crippling the economy. You spend now because your money is worth less tomorrow, and you invest for the same reason. It is why people buy land to invest in, because they expect it to be worth more tomorrow. That destroys the property market for those trying to use it as a consumption good. People put money in gold thinking it will appreciate in value. That destroys its utility as a strong electrical conductor because of its inflated price.


The concern is principally people will hoard their money. That means you don't lend, you don't spend, and you increase the appreciation rate by removing money from the monetary base in circulation, making it more scarce.


The flaw here you assume they have income. That someone *else* is giving them money. But if the money is appreciating more than they can get by investing it, nobody spends. If money isn't moving parties, you aren't getting more money. This destroys industries and causes tremendous recessive effects.


But when a currency is *inherently* appreciating (in btcs case, even at its monetary cap, it will inherently appreciate due to lost wallets, shrinking monetary base permanently no matter what) additional hoarding speeds up the rate of appreciation by removing money from circulation. If you aren't actually hoarding it, but putting it in fractional reserve banking under the promise of greater returns, you have to consider the risk of the bank failing and you losing your money because they lend it out. 
It drastically reduces people's risk-taking, and risk taking is how innovation happens, and it how the economy grows. People take risks that create value. If you reduce the desire to take risks by making the currency appreciate more, you outright stifle economic productivity, in the same way land appreciation and gold appreciation stifles economies involving both of those.
@_date: 2013-04-14 02:47:59
$16,000 a year to relabel is an extreme expense that is ripe to be automated away.
@_date: 2013-03-20 00:37:31
I get the feeling the President isn't hurting for money, though =P
@_date: 2013-06-21 18:03:04
Well, you are doing what you are supposed to. If you don't agree with how they are handling it take your business elsewhere. I use campbx for a reason!
@_date: 2013-07-20 16:25:02
It isn't easy or quick because the side of the aisle where everyone has their money sees the btc world as a huge threat. Of course they won't make it easy, though if my grandmother wanted to move her money into bitcoin I'd just say use coinbase.
The reason it is slow is because the bitcoin world doesn't have chargebacks and money needs to move before they can risk accepting payment from the refundable transactions world of bank transfers and credit cards.
@_date: 2013-11-18 17:25:44
Having a million dollars isn't just something you sit on for 35  years. You use a small fraction of it to live off, but the rest you can carefully invest and grow without having to actually work. You can use long term portfolio stocks or, since you made those millions in BTC, might as well just go long with half that fortune still in BTC.
That money keeps growing. It is why if you start upper middle class it is so easy to prosper, but if you are lower middle class you spend your life struggling to get out of the gutter. Just having a few years worth of living to gamble with in investments and currencies is the difference between early retirement and wage slavery until you drop dead.
@_date: 2013-04-13 18:23:26
One other consideration is that in practice this is the 21st century, and you *can* keep live prices against the bitcoin on cash registers or even if you wanted to go crazy build $2 - 3 LED microcomputers that update their respective products price in realtime (probably every couple minutes).
It would even, I bet, save money long term, because you aren't paying someone minimum wage to go around printing new price stickers and having the manual labor have to put them up.
@_date: 2013-06-26 20:35:21
Well, PPCoin exists with a fixed inflation rate and no finite money supply, but nobody seems to be jumping on that boat. I don't think fixing the inflation issue is a real top priority because right now it is really preferable to make money off deflating BTC rather than switch to a real exchange-viable cryptodollar.  I think it might start applying market pressure to transition away from BTC in a decade or so when we see much larger adoption and more accepted usage of BTC as an exchange currency, but by that point it might be too hard to displace it the same way the US dollar is hard to displace even when it sucks so much due to its raw market size (and state backing). Even if it isn't a state run currency, eventually btc will be recognized as legitimate, and it will take another competitor the whole circus to get to that same status.
@_date: 2013-05-03 05:24:20
Hence the online backups. The point is to make it a machine not running anything else that might be exploitable.
@_date: 2013-03-20 02:12:01
Well then that is good profit =P Since I graduated college I did the math and it would cost me around $40 a month to run my SLI GTX 285s all day... not quite worth it.
@_date: 2013-03-26 03:13:45
Considering the madness that is the US judicial system and the degrees that some law firms can make absurd profits, and that civil arbitration suits are one of the largest *industries* in the US, I'd prefer a systemic solution rather than a judicial one.
Though, chargebacks aren't the answer, because they are also exploitable.
@_date: 2013-07-20 15:16:51
What are you abstracting? All bitcoin is having a wallet (local or remote) and giving that wallet an address and quantity of money to send.
You can do that with a phones camera on a receipt QR code, you can do it with the actual number, you can craft a DNS or account system that relates a name to a btc address.
I wonder if there is a bitcoin dns service, you register a username to an account number and using the service sending money to person X just does in line replacement with their bitcoin address.
@_date: 2013-09-12 02:56:34
Since no one mentioned it, bitcoiners, consider a firefox OS phone as your nexet device if you don't need boatloads of apps. The platform is much more like bitcoin (open collaboration, distributed development) than Android is. Even if the core Os and dalvik are open source, Google does *not* do collaboration on its OS, and all its main portfolio apps are proprietary.
If you are running firefox, you can actually test out Firefox Mobile in a browser addon Mozilla has if you are running a desktop OS.
@_date: 2013-07-12 01:16:18
He lost huge around the Cyprus scandal because he tried to play with the big boys doing by the minute trades. It's his hobby, so whatever.
@_date: 2013-07-21 18:27:07
The bitcoin difficulty and money generation are disconnected. The algorithm tries to maintain constant coin generation, but money generation itself is fixed reducing itself every 4 years by half (its at 25 now, down from 50 last year).
The difficulty going up is for the fixed bitcoin generation rate we have now is just to keep constant annual coin generation.
I think the problems with the bitcoin implementation are two fold - the generation rate keeps arbitrarily slashing itself, reducing inflation, but that also means over half of BTC has already been generated by first-cycle miners, hence the accusations of pyramid schemes even if the first miners took big risks on using electricity to generate the first 210,000 blocks.
What you *want* is a currency where the per-block coin generation adjusts to both the compute power of the network and the size of the monetary base already generated. IE, coin generation goes up over time as a whole, but the difficulty per coin might also go up if compute power rises faster than monetary base.
@_date: 2013-11-04 03:12:36
Probably less per capita than the country without single payer healthcare and significantly more corruption of politicians by special interests.
He said the per capita costs are lower. The US still bears the costs of per-person healthcare on a collective level whenever someone defaults on their million dollar hospital bill because an easily treatable illness became gangrene and they had to amputate. So any system where you minimize the total cost of keeping your population alive and, more importantly, out of extremely expensive intensive care, the better off everyone is, both from a productivity / satisfaction standpoint, and in how much you collectively spend on the process.
@_date: 2013-09-01 19:19:05
People try to pigeon hole reality to fit their opinions all the time, and have throughout history. There are much worse things to weep for humanity over than some internet nerds trying to argue in favor of a permanantly fixed deflating money supply.
@_date: 2013-05-21 20:11:42
How do you stop something like localbitcoins?
Also, anybody interested in using btc as a currency wouldn't mind not being able to trade it for fiat. You could just trade it for goods, and if you wanted to indirectly into fiat from that, but you would still have cash exchanges.
@_date: 2013-03-26 03:16:21
I think the improve service part is key. Log in once to some background app for a web wallet, and any transaction you initiate (with verification) via BTC is just "yes" and go. No CC security code or any of that nonsense to enter, besides logging in to your wallet in the first place. I'd also wager it would be a good idea to only let sessions last ~20 - 30 minutes so people who steal your computer don't just get your BTC credentials (although they get your CC info almost every time anyway).
@_date: 2013-07-21 19:44:34


You don't stop spending money, you disincentivize it. If your money is naturally deflating, it has a runaway effect of increasing the rate of disincentivization beyond bare necessities. Hoarding would supplant investment as a safe haven for money stores - primarily among the wealthy.
The problem isn't that removing money from the system necessarily hurts what is left over, it is that that money represented some productivity at some point and removing it slows economic growth or reverses it. Money that doesn't circulate back in is a net loss of productive gain until it reemerges later.


The point is a well architected crypocurrency doesn't need to inflate or deflate out of control. It means you can have economic recessions without money nozzles to try to supplant the effects, but it also means the money doesn't have to have runaway of either if you codify a fixed inflation rate into the money. That isn't the case with bitcoin, where the inflation rate is arbitrarilly halved and eventually stops, which leads to natural deflation as money is lost due to lost wallets.


Here is the chain of events:
* Bitcoin reaches market saturation at some point. Market expansion is no longer the driver of appreciation in BTC value and currency market effects take over as the predominant price driver (ie, monetary confidence and the size of the monetary base).
* The year 2140 (or some time before then) happens, where the supply of bitcoin is *shrinking* on average annually due to lost bitcoin wallets being greater than bitcoins generated. At this point unless the currency loses confidence you will only appreciate in value as bitcoins become scarcer.
* The capacity for a confidence loss in btc only depends on that deflation effect getting out of hand. And once confidence is lost the currency is abandoned.
* There is *no way* to stop the appreciation of BTC at that point without losing confidence. This means the best way to use btc is to hoard it, since it will be worth more in the future, assuming confidence holds. If btc takes over the world as a transactional currency, it would behave like usd, where confidence is effectively fixed since everyone uses it for transactions. IE, BTC can't be a world reserve currency.
This means you need another reserve currency. Using BTC like gold as a long term store of confidence based value is fine, but like I said before that kind of saving is unhealthy because it depends on the appreciating perceived value of scarce goods rather than actual productivity returns as a source of income. I could go on a huge tirade about how the modern economic downturn is predominantly due to federal manipulation to create profit channels by investing in non-productive things that slow down economics by taking money out of the productive part.
You want inflation because it means people don't want to hoard their money, and instead they spend it. Spent money fuels economics. The reason fiat is bad is not because of the inflation, but because the inflation is arbitrary in where it is injected and thus benefits those who receive the money at the expense of everyone else. If a proper inflating money worked, everyone would get a share of new monetary base equally rather than corrupter bankers profiting off the loss of value of everyone elses money.


It isn't a question of monetary unit size, it is a question of where productivity is going. If you receive money for productivity but don't spend it, that productivity is lost upon an economy. It is bad to spend money you don't have (IE, promising future productivity in exchange for money now) but it is also bad to hoard money you do have (which takes productivity out of the system). The only true economic system that works is when the fruits of productive labor produce more fruits. It is a cascade effect that creates prosperity.
@_date: 2013-07-20 18:41:51
But you see in the bitcoin industry how destructive chargebacks are. You can't use a credit card or paypal exclusively because chargebacks exist. It is hard to do a fair exchange, especially on a site like ebay, under fear of chargeback. I don't think it is a net positive.
Like another poster said, worst case scenario (or best depending on viewpoint) the generation that wholly resists progress, change, or innovation is soon to die off. The baby boomers for the most part don't seem to mind adopting tech that lets them be lazier, and bitcoin enables you to avoid having to sign checks or remember a pin number as long as you have a phone logged into a remote wallet on hand (though for safeties sake, you shouldn't store the password or have a login cookie that doesn't expire for that wallet in case the phone is stolen and you don't use a password / disk encryption on the device).
@_date: 2013-07-19 06:12:52


No, no, it is absolutely better. History has always shown when people have power it is inevitably abused, and the power of money printing is right up there in the class of great atrocities against many.
@_date: 2013-03-22 03:16:15
I agree the forceful coercion of people's assets by governments is the same as mafia bribes, but they are the mafia the culture accepts - individuals are powerless against them, so let me know in 5 years what not paying your income / property taxes is like. They will do worse than a mafia ever could.
Also, good luck moving somewhere else. I think it is one of the greatest tragedies of the modern era that there is no where for new ideas to bloom without being under the tyranny of those who think they control the land you are on. Until we can settle on Mars / the Moon (and even then, those settlements are less likely to be politically inclined free thinkers but will more likely be corporations looking for profit off raw resources of foreign planets...) there really is no where to go that isn't already bogged down in the power hungry.
@_date: 2013-11-17 15:37:52
I missed out on this bubble (I had $1500 wrapped up in Dwolla near the end of Oct I was trying to get in around $150, but that never happened).
But my logic is that it is really *risky* right now, especially in the short term. But if I wait for the eventual correction, even if it is down to only, say, $800 from $1200, and it sits there a week, I can invest with confidence that we hit a fall out floor and that I don't have to wait too long for another exit opportunity, versus if you hit the peak of a bubble you have to wait 6 - 8 months for the next one to turn a profit (assuming you miss bailing during the freefall panic sell).
@_date: 2013-08-29 03:28:17
He wound up in Guatemalan prison for a bit, probably not the intended effect. Couldn't he have just fled North and eventually gotten back to the US without causing an uprorar?
@_date: 2013-08-29 03:30:02
According to his youtube videos, he still has a full range of motion going. At 67. Holy crap hes 67.
@_date: 2013-07-20 16:47:31


The corporate backer would have to guarantee rates at their own expense no matter where the currency goes. It also means when funding bitcoin exchanges they have to cover the difference when their rated exchange rate shifts.
The price voltaility goes down as the market ratio of speculators drops. Right now it is highly speculative because there is little to be bought with btc, as vendors adopt it and holders spend it more of the market moves into exchange and the price stabilizes. Also, getting saturated adoption means the price peaks from the inherent scarcity of coins, which is the main driver in long term valuation increase.


Encrypted, backed up wallet.dat files. The security of your wallet is the security of your money, period. It is at least as secure as online banking in the worst case (single password protected online wallet that is encrypted on your providers end, like a bank would encrypt its transaction database) and at most more secure (personal wallet that you have locally and back up remotely with a key only you know to access).


You can get confirmations in seconds if you offer tips in the rage of a 10 ubtc or more. Most complains about confirmations come from people not using a tip or a tiny one. Raise the tip you raise the confirmation rate.


It *is* money. It is the future of money. It is a store of value meant to be exchanged. It isn't paypal, and calling it anything other than money is deceptive. You aren't storing US dollars, the whole point is it is *not* US dollars. More than anything else, that eventually becomes the best selling point of all. Even my grandparents agree it is a great idea because they always complain about how 25 cent bread from 1970 is $6 today.
@_date: 2013-06-26 18:32:13
It depends on the service rep / marketing manager / bosses you get. Individuals will know more about bitcoin than others, and it might have just been a well spoken boss / responder here that spread the word and got a more tangible response. Companies aren't homogeneous human meat plants.
@_date: 2013-04-11 20:45:46
I'd rather have it happen now before I had 1k coins in it and lost millions or something!
@_date: 2013-08-30 21:54:37
Yea, this, I sold on the 115 high 2 weeks ago on Campbx. Drop back to 100 then ralley to 200!
@_date: 2013-04-12 03:54:54
The interest rate is 2.5%, it was a fed subsidized loan. I'm just making monthly payments to keep my credit score alive.
@_date: 2013-07-19 06:12:06
Your shares are on American stock exchanges valuing American companies and producing quarterly dividends in US dollars. If the dollar tanks, the value of shares does as well. This is why you buy shares on the Japanese stock exchange in yen.
@_date: 2013-03-29 03:18:32
This. Also consider investing in shares of companies with ridiculously stable trade values if you have *that* much money that spreading it across banks isn't feasible. But the risk always exists.
@_date: 2013-07-20 16:26:03
How does she know her credit card number, when given to the store, isn't going to just repeatedly charge her card over and over? Or her debit / bank account? If she pays cash, is she going to count up that she got exactly correct change if she can't see?
If you can't read, you really can't make transactions in any currency. If you can't read a printed receipt, you can't know how much someone is charging you regardless of transaction medium.
@_date: 2013-07-20 16:40:44
coinbase is pretty much as good as it is going to get I think.
@_date: 2013-05-03 05:30:36
It isn't hard, though. You CSS style in pretty appealing ways the page but you don't do stupid crap like (since its on topic) the Ubuntu forums taking up half of every post with a header about the user.
People want the posts. The content of the posts is the content of the page. So you maximize readability, density, and usability of the post.
You can style a forum in a "modern" way without reducing post density on a page. Just very few forums do it and it hurts their usability.
@_date: 2013-03-20 02:12:57
It is absolutely useful and good UX, just that I find the implementation of a user database of registered accounts via reddit comments, the crawling of reddit posts to find a donation pattern, and then completing transactions with it is a much more impressive feat =P
@_date: 2013-04-03 11:42:08
Unless it goes up another 40% tomorrow and he does regret it.
I have no idea how, though. I wouldn't have thought it would have broken $100 a month ago, though, so what do I know.
@_date: 2013-04-03 11:46:45
I'd expect a valuation correction back to around $40 - $50, which was what it was floating towards in a long run trend since the 2011 crash. I'd go upper bound, since it has a lot of new market penetration and thus real valuation, but increasing 5 fold in value in months is a speculation bubble.
Though, once it pops, I'm sticking a thousand bucks in BTC for when this happens again. Because I have a feeling as BTC penetrates new markets, it will see sudden surges in speculative investment. Think if Amazon ever started accepting BTC - it would probably go up faster than this.
@_date: 2013-07-12 00:52:14
My mom has 15 btc, and bought a vacuum off bitmit. My dad thinks it is a ponzie scheme, but trades yen / euros. My mom has made more money off having btc this last year than my father has spending 2 hours a day on Forex, just by buying and sitting on a bitcoin account and buying auctions. (even at todays ~$80 price)
@_date: 2013-07-21 18:33:19


Everyone would love free food, even farmers would like to *get* free food. Or free healthcare.
Problem is, if everyone is getting that food for free, nobody can grow it because nobody can sell it. Same thing happens with any good exchanged - everyone wants it cheaper, even the creator (for when they consume it) but the producers want it more expensive, and have real limits on how cheap it can get before they are producing at a loss.


Investors *are* loaning you money. They will also sue companies that fail due to poor leadership to try to recoup their investments. In the same capacity, you can declare bankrupcy on outstanding debts to ruin your credit for future lending but not be indebted forever. The difference between investing and loaning is that investors don't know their potential return, and lenders do. Both take a risk the venture fails to profit / fails to pay back and both have avenues to pursue recouping their lending.
Nobody would *invest* in a deflating money system because you have no reason to put risk into your money that is already gaining value.


Housing is unaffordable because it is treated like an investment good for the wealthiest rather than a consumption good like it really is, but that is a socioeconomic problem outside the scope of this discussion. It isn't just cheap housing loans, because there are millions of residences / properties being kept off the market as a store of value.
I won't argue that government manipulation of loan markets creates artificial markets, but lending in principle is essential to economics. It is the reason why third world countries exist, for the most part - besides corruption and no human rights adherence, the lack of credit and ability to bootstrap oneself on a capital investment means you can't create growth. Third world countries are principally impoverished because even if the poor want to create prosperity through labor they can't create the businesses to prosper without credit to establish them. That is why the entire microloans revolution exists in these countries.
@_date: 2013-03-26 03:12:24
Chargebacks also make mistakes and are exploitable. You will never have a perfect system where delayed transferral of goods for money is guaranteed to always work out.
@_date: 2013-04-13 21:41:06
You don't pay them 8 hour days, you contract that out. One might go bad / need replacing once a month.
Currently, grocers need to pay 5 - 10 people *per day* to relabel price changes (and restock shelves) if you can automate the stocking (internal conveyor in the aisle?) and the labels, you don't need to pay the ~2 hours a day x 10 people per store to do it.
You can have one engineering firm, on contract, serving half a dozen stores in a hundred mile area, to fix broken mechanics whenever something breaks. Some weeks you might pay them 200 hours, some weeks you won't need them at all, and usually you will be having them fix one or two breakages for 2 hours total.
@_date: 2013-04-09 17:11:18


It doesn't harm non-miners, it harms holders of the currency when it inflates. Which is *good* for economics because it means hoarding money is less viable (you can have viable investments in a deflation, but it requires the returns on those investments vastly outstrip the safety of deflationary earnings).


You can have the first without having a deflationary currency. If bitcoins were generated as payment for verifying and hashing transactions (I hate calling it mining) at a constant rate, the inflation would be constant, and the rate of new coin generation would also be constant, so the only potential gains for jumping in early would have been that early adopters could ride the exchange rates up.
The way it is, BTC is doomed in the long run to eventually start losing its monetary base through lost wallets, without enough new coins (and eventually any) being generated, which will throw it into either a hyper-deflation of speculative value of coins or a mass flight from the currency since any economy using it would be be doomed to lose all of its investment potential eventually (because the rate of deflation would only go up as fewer and fewer coins are distributed).
@_date: 2013-11-01 01:14:42


Which is why via tools like tor, vpn, proxy, and https, you can avoid government spying over the Internet and circumvent whatever measures they take to try to cripple your access to the technology.
Which is pretty much all they could try to do with bitcoin - they could never stop it, just be a pain in the ass about it.
@_date: 2013-05-03 06:16:49
Run it in a separate X or use bitcoind. Or run it on Wayland with a custom compile of bitcoinqt for Lighthouse =P
@_date: 2013-04-11 18:44:12
Also, TPB's magnet archive fits on a micro sd card from 2008. Mt. Gox I imagine have multiple mirrors of the block chain, all of the user accounts, multiple levels of redundancy (raids + off site backups) which dramatically increases not only compute costs but data costs.
@_date: 2013-07-21 19:47:15
The alternative is rent, which is much, much worse. When you get a loan, you exchange future productivity for immediate goods (cars, houses, whatever). When you rent, you exchange immediate productivity for the *use* of someone elses goods. They keep their resources, you consume them, but you lose your productivity as well. 
Rent is a tool of the wielders of prosperity to subjugate those who don't have as much. If you spend your money renting, you can't save to buy. If you can't buy, you leak your productivity to the rent seekers who own the resources, but never have to exchange them. They just have perpetual one way profit streams, because the exchange is for consumption rather than investment goods. Investing is how you grow your wealth - and you want to spend as much of your money on investment as possible, or you are only losing your productivity gains. That is why people who are poor stay poor.
@_date: 2013-03-29 05:57:42
They also have 1% interest or less, and since they are fixed to USD, treasury bonds lose value against inflation, so putting your money in bonds (or a bank account right now - none of them really give &gt;3%) you are constantly losing real wealth to inflation (in USD at least).
@_date: 2013-07-22 00:16:08
My mother has a few hundred dollars of BTC but is a liberal. She just realizes fiat money is stupid as hell. Anarcho can have a link to bitcoin but bitcoin is politically agnostic. It is just mathematically sensible.
@_date: 2013-04-04 09:54:57
*I* hope you're right, because that would be wonderful for my wallet. But with more sites picking up BTC as an exchange currency I don't see it crashing *that* bad. I guess I'm just trying to not get my hopes up, because if it hits $10, it almost certainly will go back up again, and that is free money!
@_date: 2013-06-10 22:08:23
Also, in the case of bitcoin, money == information.
@_date: 2013-06-26 18:28:02
There will only ever be 21 million BTC minted. There are already nearly 12 million in the market. It is the only cryptocurrency with significant momentum, and cryptocurrencies are (in my opinion) the inevitable solution to a modern means of exchange, and the inevitably best way to store value.
So if bitcoin already has a large, hard to displace market cap in the cryptocurrency space, and if you assume cryptocurrencies are inevitable, then even if some competitor pops up to dethrone BTC (probably one that inflates, because the economics of bitcoin actually harm its ability to be used as exchange because its scarcity means its value is always going up and you want to hoard them) BTC itself, being the first successful cryptomoney, will become a scarce valuable commodity.
So absolutely. I'm also willing to go so far as to *guarantee* BTC will one day (assuming the currency doesn't have some yet-unknown extreme vulnerably that renders it unusable, which is highly unlikely) be trading at millions of USD per BTC, both because BTC will grow by magnitudes in market size (and since the supply is limited, growth in market means immediate growth in scarcity) and because the US dollar will hyperinflate this century due to the horribly corrupt monetary policy of the US fed. If the world loses confidence in the US dollar, and it inevitably will, the dollar will lose significant amounts of value and thus a bitcoin will be worth magnitudes more dollars.
But likewise, I'm not saying that $300 - 500 trading bitcoins would be "worth" a lot. If the US dollar inflates, bitcoin trading for more dollars doesn't mean its worth more, it just means a USD is worth less. So I don't think your buying power with bitcoin will increase ten thousandfold necessarily, instead the buying power of the US dollar will decrease by magnitudes (like it already has in the last 30 years since it went fiat).
You also have to factor in that the economic turmoil surrounding the demise of the dollar would also dramatically slow economies and drive scarce good prices up a lot. So even if the bitcoin market grows ten thousandfold and increases the scarcity accordingly, a loaf of bread for bitcoin might be measured in what is today hundreds of US dollars because a depression economy removes significant productivity from the workforce.
So TLDR: bitcoins will be worth millions or billions of US dollars, but they won't be worth millions or billions what they are worth now.
@_date: 2013-07-21 17:58:54
Bitcoin works as gold, but I'd rather just have a cryptocurrency with fixed percentile inflation of the monetary base. You would have to do a long run analysis of money trends to determine how much is lost on average, and budget for a fixed inflation rate that (assuming market saturation) provides enough incentive not to hoard the money.
@_date: 2013-05-03 05:33:18
You think the finite supply and the way a majority of the coins are now in circulation (and many will be lost when wallets are lost from corrupted hard drives or passwords are forgotten) is healthy long term?
I always see it as a big mistake on BTC's part. It might work for a reserve currency, but as a take-over-the-world replacement for fiat money not inflating means it isn't optimal to keep exchanging it if you can help it.
@_date: 2013-05-21 18:14:04
Yeah, Iran isn't going to be able to do anything.
You can't displace the bitcoin network without taking down or dismantling the tcpip internet. All you can really do is make it illegal to use them, and then you don't stop the currency from making strides, you just put your own nation at a severe disadvantage.
@_date: 2013-07-03 05:01:58
Yea, this is how bitcoin always works. You buy in for whenever the next big news story hits pulling back a bit of the veil over fiat money, and the price triples, the exposure doubles, and you have a quick bubble and slow burn off.
I bought in at $95, and I don't really mind if it drops some more from mt gox bleeding dry, because all it takes is another international fiat scandal for millions more to move back into btc like the world is ending.
@_date: 2013-07-20 16:23:09
The reason this doesn't exist now is because the currency everyone "wants" to trade in is credit and debit cards, which are vulnerable to charge backs. Getting money out of those mediums into a non-refundable transaction scheme takes time, because unless you are the credit card company you can't guarantee a chargeback won't occur.
@_date: 2013-04-04 12:00:10
I have around 5k in savings I can either use to pay off my last student loan and go on a big vacation this summer, or stick in bitcoin if it crashes. I'm hoping for the latter, it would be nice to see BTC go from $10 to $150 again and I can make 70 grand!
@_date: 2013-07-22 07:13:38
The key is the differentiation between agnosticism and atheism. Agnosticism to a topic says "I want proof either way" and in religious context atheism is the denial of theism.
Anarchism is the atheism of politics. It says "screw government", like atheists might say "screw gods". It doesn't say "maybe government can work, maybe it can't, I don't know, I'd like more data" the same way an agnostic person religiously is in the "god might exist or might not, I dunno" camp.
@_date: 2013-03-29 06:00:48
Because it was a business transaction between creditors and a creditee.
The banks made loans. Probably corrupt or otherwise manipulated loans to people who couldn't realistically pay them back (like the US housing bubble).
The loans default, the people who have them declare bankrupt. Enough of them go belly up that the entire bank goes bankrupt, because *every* major bank in the world is a fractional reserve bank and will loan out the money of the people that put in the bank - you sign that you recognize this in the contract to open an account.
The bank lost all the money in bad loans, and couldn't give anyone back their money. The people who got the loans defaulted / declared bankruptcy / were in countries they couldn't be heckled to pay them back in (the Cyprus banking industry was almost wholly extrinsic loaning) so you can't just go after them for the money. The banks are broke. The 100k + a little these accounts are getting is just the EU insurance for (I think) 20% of accounts.
No analogies. You put your money in a fractional reserve bank, you risk that bank abusing your money and going bankrupt so you can't get it back. That is how banks work (at least until the US gov't set precedence that private financial institutions should be handed the public purse if they make bad business decisions).
@_date: 2013-07-22 02:26:37
I'm just debunking that people who use bitcoin are inherently anarchist or libertarian. I am pretty libertarian, but all it takes is a rational actor to see the benefits in a cryptocurrency.
@_date: 2013-05-21 19:47:53
What? This isn't about economic sanctions, it is that Iran has so little influence on the internet as a whole that they can't influence the btc network. Even the US has a questionable capacity to displace it.
@_date: 2013-07-21 15:25:22
Bitcoin doesn't operate under a model like a functioning economy right now. It is too small relative to big fiat games, doesn't represent a spectrum of participants, and the largest impact on its valuation is rising adoption driving scarcity and price up.
When a billion people are using BTC, then you have a currency approaching market saturation, and effects like the implicit deflation of BTC come into effect. Right now none of the long run economic models matter because market growth trumps everything else (the only principle that matters is that the monetary base has a fixed growth rate).
@_date: 2013-03-29 03:23:12
It isn't *really* theft though, because the people that in end got this guys money are risky foreign investment agencies that defaulted on loans. The bank doesn't have it - the Cyprus banking industry is bank*rupt* because they lost everything. 
If you stick your money in a cardboard box in Florida during hurricane season and wonder where it went the next year, you are wholly to blame. Never assume the places you put your money are going to be there forever because forever comes around awfully quick.
The only reason he has 100k left over is because of EU backed insurance against defaulting banks. The other option is taking on massive public debt in Cyprus to bail out the corrupt and stupid banks that lost all the money and perpetuating the bad behavior (ex: what they did in the US).
@_date: 2013-07-22 02:34:03
Because the goverment doesn't recognize bitcoin as a currency (officially) and doesn't have law to collect taxes on bitcoin transactions. If there were, she'd pay them. There is a difference between being ideologically something and behaving nonsensically. It is not like every liberal writes checks to the fed saying "please take my money!". They pay what is demanded (at gunpoint) of them, and think it is a viable metric for funding things they want.
I'm not going to argue in favor of liberalism because I disagree with it, but just because you believe in some ideology doesn't mean you throw money at your government they don't expect or recognize.
@_date: 2013-07-21 18:01:13
I'm assuming adoption. Until BTC sees adoption, it is an inherent appreciation as long as market adoption is happening. And it is, in bounds, so the dominant effect on the currency is just more people adopting it and driving the price up as a finite bitcoin supply (which is only inflating by a few percent a year right now, where more than half of BTC is already generated when 0.001% of the world is using it). Until bitcoin conquers the world, the inflation of the currency really doesn't matter, unless you are proposing a currency that somehow inflates relative to adoption.
@_date: 2013-04-11 18:49:56
Are there any open source trading software platforms being developed anywhere? I'd jump on working on one of those if I knew of one.
@_date: 2013-07-21 17:57:43
Lending is a foundation of increasing productivity. Very few people have the monetary funds to start a small business or buy a house outright, yet the alternative is to appeal to rent seekers where you never obtain ownership of goods and just consume their goods perpetually.


Society does, individuals don't. If money doesn't change hands, and is hoarded, the fruits of labor and productivity are just removed from the economy and lost rather than cycled back into the economy generating growth. It benefits individuals to hoard, but it would destroy the economy of a country to have the fruits of its productivity lost to hoarding en masse.
@_date: 2013-04-11 20:44:48
I agree on the panic sale - once Gox comes back online, there will be a *huge* panic sell off tomorrow, and I will be buying up a bunch in the wake of it.
@_date: 2013-04-12 01:44:15
sarcasm and narcissism are hard to differentiate on the Internet
@_date: 2013-11-04 03:10:55
I don't like the asssociation of collective entity for public service with forced theft.
I like to think it is perfectly possible for a nation to emerge, through technologies, especially ones like bitcoin, where in some rapid fire public forum the post popular ideas can surface, and then be debated, planned, and finally funded, all voluntarily. 
The only reason I see for the forced extortion of individuals is to prevent inheritance from turning a meritocracy into an aristocracy. There is some inherent evil in how those who accumulate wealth and power will grant it to their genetic offspring enabling them to concentrate more power or just win a lucky roll and avoid having to try in life.
That may not even be necessary, if you had a sufficiently free society where financial institutions just wouldn't enable the passage of funds between generations by popular opinion in a sufficiently educated populace to know the ills of inheritance. If you could keep money isolated to one persons lifetime, it is unlikely anyone would become insanely wealthy and concentrate enough power and influence to start subverting whatever utopian state you have going through the power of their pocketbook.
@_date: 2013-07-19 15:09:43
Of course they will, but they will lose a lot in the transition as the dollar sinks, especially if they aren't leading the migration.
@_date: 2013-07-20 15:13:27
"Hands grandmother a smartphone"
See the B on the home screen? Touch it.
Now put the receipt under the phone (camera).
Hit the confirm button in the middle.
@_date: 2013-04-13 18:25:29
The majority opinion of mining nodes would agree on the newer protocol implementation if they had the majority, and would override the minorities older implementation on a super-majority of blocks. It might not necessarily be the first 1,000 after the switch, but it wouldn't take long for a contiguous chunk of 950 newer blocks.
@_date: 2013-07-21 15:21:11
You buy a car or a house by getting a loan. Loans are an investment on the part of banks or holders of a lot of capital with fixed returns and known risks. They can get that money into their vaults the day before and give it out to you to spend on an auto dealer the next day and the dealer can spend that money hours later on employee paychecks or the power bill.
If you just throw the money in a box under the bed and let the scarcity of the coinage drive up its value you take it out of circulation and increase the rate of scarcity. It has a compounding effect that in deflationary economies constant hoarding of potential future capital spurs the rate of deflation until a majority of the money in the system is hoarded and prices spiral out of control.