@_author: xanonimx
@_date: 2017-08-01 13:47:25
What's the point ? Bitcoin is not real money, it's a big scam for early adopters. Imagine this, those fucking rich people who invested in mining and getting the coins are now selling it to retards who think they're going to get rich by investing in it. I'll say bitcoin would be nice if every shop out there would accept it, but it's not. There are big flaws with bitcoin and nobody seem to see it, what happens with all the bitcoins when you die, what happens if you are held at gun point and the criminal sends all your bitcoins to anonymous account, what about the hackers, now you guys seem to have fun but i'll see you later !
@_date: 2017-08-01 14:16:17
You guys don't seem to see the flaws in electronic currency. You will see it when more people adopt it and criminals starts to understand it. If they know you don't have a bank account and you stash bitcoins they will home invade you, look on the internet, how many ATM's gets stolen, do you think criminals will not do that with bitcoins ? Wait and see !
@_date: 2017-08-01 17:11:21
So you mean you need more then one account, one main account and one with less money in it so if you get robbed you give the one with small amount in it. Do you think criminals didn't think about it ? The biggest problem here is the criminals and your way to be secure from hackers and criminals, i think it's so much of a headache and people would not want that, they just want easier to use no headache debit and credit cards and people will not adopt it anytime soon, people who adopt it from now on are plain dumb for playing the game of early adopters who now are getting rich !
@_date: 2017-08-01 13:34:50
How can i get bitcoins without using real money ?
@_date: 2017-08-01 14:06:03
Dude nobody keeps stash of cash and gold in the house. We have banks. If you get your account stolen etc you get your money back. With bitcoins, you get middle finger. When you die and actually millions of people die everyday, there is a way for family to access bank account of deceased person. In bitcoin you just have passwords, if passwords die with the person all bitcoins is lost, this might sound good on paper, but wait few years and see what's going on, anyone who will have access to your phone or computer could send your whole bank account to a anonymous one. 