@_author: xaqq
@_date: 2014-04-07 22:33:53
Well, since retarded / plain stupid IRS said Bitcoin isn't a currency (yeah, I have to say it again, those guys must have 0 understanding of Bitcoin -- or they're just stupid trolls ?) I'm pretty sure the same would happen today.
@_date: 2014-03-18 22:47:24


Haha :)
The assumption in the original post is that you try to sign the transaction with a faulty key (you didn't get ahold of someone's private keys).
To poster:
You basically CANNOT sign a transaction with a faulty private key. It's the way [asymmetric cryptography]( works.
Trying to sign with a faulty key will result in a cryptographically invalid result. Consider this simplified example:
PrivA is your private key. PubA is your public key (bitcoin address).
FaultyPriv is a faulty private key someone is trying to use to sign transaction in your name.
When you went to emit a transaction:
* You sign the transaction : PrivA.sign("transaction") --&gt; xxOwLadW
* The network will verify: PubA.verify("xxOwLadW") --&gt; "transaction"
* The network consider the transaction valid.
Now, when you try to emit with a faulty key:
* You sign the transaction : FaultyPriv.sign("transaction") --&gt; xxxxxxxxxxx
* The network will verify: PubA.verify("xxxxxxxxxxx") --&gt; "QOOQOWEOQE"              &lt;-- invalid
* The network consider the transaction invalid.
Hopes it helps.
Note: feel free to correct me if it's wrong.
@_date: 2014-03-19 00:10:03
The invalid transaction won't make it to the block chain.
When you emit a transaction, you send it to the peer you're connected to.
All those peers (each one of them) will instantly know that the transaction is invalid. This is because of public-key cryptography. They will check (using the public key which is the source address) that the transaction was signed by the corresponding private key. Asymmetric cryptographic algorithm (like RSA, DSA, ECDSA -- i think bitcoins use this one) will guarantee that if the public key can verify the transaction, that means that it was a legit one, issued by a legit private key.
Ok, now the peer know your transaction is invalid.
Now, they wont broadcast the transaction to more peer. If the peer was mining, he will not try and integrate your transaction into the block he is mining. Your invalid transaction, if accepted into the block, would make the block invalid. A legit miner has no interest in generating invalid block, so it wont pick your invalid transaction.
If a "bad" peer tried to publish an invalid block, well the block would be refused by other peers (because they will see the non-legit transaction).
TL;DR If an individual node says "bullshit" it wont forward the transaction to more peers. Your transaction will be forgotten and will never happen. When saying "That's good", the peer forward to other peers. Mining peers will include your transaction into their block; When they publish their (valid) block, it makes it to the blockchain and "officially" becomes a valid transaction that happened.