@_author: x-avidfan-x
@_date: 2017-02-06 07:51:25
An exchange could run both.  
You could have a delivery market (where each trade results in a transfer) for people who want to take ownership of bitcoin to use elsewhere, and a non-delivery market for those who are speculating and who want to change position rapidly many times a day, and then take ownership of their coin when they close their position.  The non-delivery model reduces block transactions.  
@_date: 2017-02-05 14:55:11
I may not have explained everything, but I don't quite understand the anger and swearing in your reply.  I will go through your questions though, and I appreciate your response.  
Local bitcoin is a very simple exchange, not a financial exchange like the CME, with a resting orderbook, and a live market price feed with depth of market.
I do know how real time price updates work, I am an IT geek who has worked for many years in financial futures and options.  I have modelled the exchange on the CME functionality.
Email is the final part of the system, because the system is only arranging a price agreement.  You place an order on the system in real time, prices update in real time, when you match, the end result is an email notifying you of the match.  The system needs no action after the email goes out, I dont actually care if people transact or not, the exchange is purely there to get two counterparties to agree a price/volume for exchange.  The exchange does execution, not settlement.  Execution time is around 1 second. Settlement time depends on the item being settled, bitcoin considered settled at 'n' confirms, as all other exchanges.
Traders ignoring the email is not a problem, the exchange is not guaranteeing the trade.  The two parties must then want to go through with the deal.  Assuming you have made the effort to place and work an order at a price, you probably want to trade at that price, as does your conterparty.  As the price has no fee or clip, and you set it yourself, it is probably inside other markets.
Bitsquare looks great, a really good idea, brilliant if it works.  One possible problem is that you must be online all the time for it to work.  There is no persistent central orderbook, which is both it's strength, and it's weakness.
Escrow is very feasible, it is the fiat leg that is a problem, with exposure to chargeback fraud.  The email approach, just to hook up counterparties, passes this fraud risk to the counterparty, and the payoff is that there is no required fee.  I could set up centralised escrow, but there is fraud risk on the fiat leg if anything other than bank transfers are used.
So, the email-only model is high risk, hence no fee.  The exchange could run adapters to do escrow for both fiat and coin, but this would put risk on the exchange, and a fee would have to cover that, but then trades would be guaranteed.
I should point out that the exchange tech is modular, so the matching engine is separate from the settlement modules.  I could operate one high risk order book, and one low to zero risk book, and charge separate fees.
Thanks for the reply.
@_date: 2017-02-05 15:28:55
I have created the exchange.  Sunday is a day off, for arguing on the internet.  
I am not sure that execution-only is a good idea, it is just one possible model to reduce risk.  Escrow is certainly more sensible, but requires business accounts on the fiat side, and banks are not currently very happy about bitcoin business.
@_date: 2017-02-05 15:07:21
For the high-risk, no-fee model, yes.  But you decide how to transfer, so for small amounts you might accept a paypal gift, and for larger amounts you might want a bank transfer.  This is the same problem you would have to face if you walked to the centre of town and shouted "I want to buy Bitcoin for 1000 dollars", you would meet a random and have to deal with them.  In the model above, the exchange is just a central place where you can leave an order saying that you want to trade, and someone else can find it and tell you that they want to accept your price.
If the exchange operates escrow, it takes on the random risk, and would have to charge a fee to cover losses.  
@_date: 2017-04-11 10:10:09
If I already have a local chain, and I want to index by address, do I have to re-download the chain, or will the index run on the existing chain?  Sorry, I know it is not your business to know this, but you might have the answer.
@_date: 2016-05-20 09:39:15
That does look interesting.  An API to allow checking for confirms, without keeping your own copy of the blockchain, that is useful.  Thanks very much.
@_date: 2016-05-19 15:14:56
That is good for bitcoin, but if I am dealing with other variants, or other uses of the blockchain, I would need to do the work that blockr does myself. I assume they have indexed the bitcoin blockchain and provide a quick lookup service. So I guess I would have to do the same myself with non-bitcoin chains. Thanks for the response.
@_date: 2016-05-25 10:14:40
Yep, I have two start points now, Nic Doriers and George Kimionis's libraries.  Prior to chewing on these, I am working through the bitcoin.org dev examples (  The bitcoin dev stuff is good because you get to issue raw RPC calls.  Once I understand that, I can try to understand the wrapper libraries.  Thanks for the help.
@_date: 2016-05-19 15:17:36
Yep, sounds like a plan.  By "run a node" you mean the bitcoin core code, and get a full copy of the blockchain, right?  Documentation for the interface will be on the bitcoin site I assume.  I guess the node is always going to be the gateway into the chain.
@_date: 2016-05-26 10:05:21
Yep, will do, any and every resource will be explored!  The bitcoin.org is a good start point.  The main problem with bitcoin is finding a way in.  There are lots of new ideas and concepts and they all come at you at once.  
@_date: 2016-05-25 10:21:02
Thanks Nic, I will work through the bitcoin.org developer intro pages and then get to grips with the book.  The 'way in' to bitcoin is daunting, and involves many new concepts simultaneously, so all help is appreciated.  
@_date: 2016-05-19 15:55:24
Brilliant, thanks.  It is proving hard to find 'the way in' for the more techie aspects of blockchain stuff, your help is much appreciated.
@_date: 2016-05-25 10:18:21
Great, thanks.  It is great that Nic D and George K publish the source code, as I would like to get some deep understanding going and be able to contribute.  Thanks for the links, and good luck with the Wallet coding.
@_date: 2016-05-20 09:42:25
Not a java person, but thanks for the offer.  I will probably examine the core client API calls and then the two C# libraries, bitcoinlib (George Kimionis) and NBitcoin (Nic Dorier) to try to understand what they are doing.  Much obliged though.