@_author: xcedrinod
@_date: 2017-10-05 09:33:44
The growth rate of bitcoin supply is slowing relative to the demand for bitcoins, which is still increasing at a pretty amazing pace. There's a lot more hot money out there than many people realized, judging from how much money has been converted to bitcoins, for whatever reasons (swiss banking isn't cool anymore, indian casinos aren't as secretive as some people would prefer, cayman islands is played out too).
Banks are still holding the bag on a lot of derivatives but that market is basically unregulated so no one really knows exactly how much is out there. However, one can make educated guesses about the size of the debt bomb that the central bankers are trying to deal with by looking at what happened when AIG and others imploded. 
I'm thinking that there's a lot more money out there that people had written off largely because it couldn't be repatriated for whatever reason, but now with bitcoins they can bring their money back into the country secretly and avoid paying taxes on it. Especially considering how much business people are doing in China and don't want to bring their earnings back into the US since they'll just end up giving a big chunk of it to the IRS.
The market capitalization of bitcoins and other crypto currencies still has a ways to go before it measures up to the piles of secret money hidden with derivatives by various banks.
Heisenberg should have laundered his money using bitcoins instead of his carwash revenues.
The central banks are directly threatened by the existence of bitcoins. They are waging all out war on BTC, and playing dumb games with etherium like pumping and dumping as much as they can to keep the number of transactions artificially high, to barely beat BTC. They do the same thing sometimes in the stock market (led by the Federal Reserve). They loan money to banks who are charged with artificially inflating trading volume in the stock exchanges, to try to attract people back into the market after bad burns. A similar technique was used back in the day when junk bonds were the latest craze for the easy money crowd. They need that churn, that froth, that volatility to keep the money rolling in. It's all very tawdry and parasitic. Say goodbye to the monkey middlemen who live neck deep in that shit.
Deflation? It's going to be blood in the streets, just like last time the financial system exploded. You didn't think that they actually fixed all that, did you? If there's going to be deflation it's going to be hyperdeflation. Interesting? The US is screwed. BOHICA