@_author: xch4ng3
@_date: 2014-03-19 22:59:41
MTGox had a very bad history of problems with their company and their track record was never good. When a company outright lies about a fault in order to cover their own losses it's never a good sign.
You're right, there is no real evidence to say they weren't hacked but there was no real evidence that they were hacked either. 
I have more confidence in Blockchain than MTGox. 
@_date: 2016-01-17 23:55:17
You can pay with anything and realistically most fiat transfers can be reversed in some way or another, all that changes is who takes the hit. Either way, someone is out of pocket and the scammer gets his money back. There's even straight up lying involved to scam sellers &amp; buyers. Majority of LBC traders are fine, because they are vetted. They have feedback. They have trade history.
Also, you may argue that OP was only SELLING his coins, therefore reducing the chance of a charge back but sorry LBC, doesn't and shouldn't care if you're buying or selling. It has a strict policy to follow and it applies to accounts, not transactions. If I were LBC why would I allow someone who's a potential high risk to trade AT ALL on my site?
@_date: 2016-01-18 00:39:52
You don't get to make that choice after you've signed up and agreed to their T&amp;Cs lol. Again, this isn't about what trades you make it's about the status of your account. LBC couldn't give two fucks if you were using a VPN if you were verified because there's still a real life link. Take away that link and the VPN is pretty much all they have to go on. 
Why are you using a VPN again, because frankly I can't think of any reason why you would want to hide your IP or make it look like your somewhere you're not - as you said, you're paying with BTC and there is no fiat or real life link. So why would you need a VPN when there's practically 0% of a trace anyway unless you were trying to really really hide your activity?
Easy. Seller of BTC claims non-delivery on whatever item. If they were really determined, they would have thought of a way to ensure support believes their side of the story, whether that be through doctored documents or whatever.
@_date: 2016-01-18 04:41:13
I get the point completely and while I sympathise, the way I see it is that OP is basically suggesting that LBC are freezing his account for using a VPN, that's not true. They're freezing his account because he's not verified. Him not being verified + using a VPN has obviously trigged a warning. The same way you'd get a roadblock if you suddenly sent $500 from a fresh PayPal account to another account that isn't verified. As I said, LBC has no issues (unless someone can prove me otherwise) with you using a VPN, because realistically what is one proxy / VPN IP address if you have a selfie ID on file?
I know it's frustrating to be met with blocks like this, but it's ultimately done to protect you. It's done so [idiots like this can't get away with cheating you from your money](
Sure, they could do it without a VPN or use less transparent addresses but it still cuts out a huge chunk of people who would just grab a free VPN or use TOR to try this kind of stunt. No matter how cocky you are, I doubt you would try to pull any sort of scam from your own IP and if you did good, you deserve to be caught.
Again, OP is suggesting that ID must be provided to unlock funds. That's not true. He would have been asked for ID regardless of amount, simply because he has a VPN. His transactions have nothing to do with this.
@_date: 2016-01-17 22:29:52
You're not getting the point. Your account would have been locked regardless of amount, creation date and who you are.
Your account was flagged as a potential high risk because of your use of a VPN, no one said that they're are no good uses of the technology, but as a company LBC has to ensure due diligence.
Imagine one guy uses a VPN, makes fraudulent transactions to the tune of $1000. He gets away with this because LBC allows VPNs and doesn't verify identity. As soon as that all comes to light, LBC gets shit for not doing enough to protect their customers.
Using a VPN doesn't make you any more secure. 
@_date: 2016-01-17 22:08:40
It's not entrapment AT ALL.
His account would have been locked regardless of how much money was there because he's using a VPN that's obviously detected.
LBC are scum for wanting to ensure protection right?  
If you got scammed by a unverified member, who was on a VPN and basically has no realistic trace you'd be screaming for more scrutiny.
LBC has never been the place for anonymous exchanges and if I were in LBCs shoes I would never allow blatant abuse of my system. Allowing all VPNs and proxies would allow for HUGE abuse potential.
Don't blame a company for wanting to protect their interests, especially when your trying to use them for a purpose they are NOT fit for.  It's like me moaning about PayPal if they locked my account for accessing it via known proxy.
@_date: 2016-01-18 00:02:44
No because LBC has no requirement to check what trades you were making. They have a requirement to ensure the legitimacy of the users accounts, so should there be any sort of trouble such as:
They can effectively trace the origin.
Now yes, some of these users need to exercise due diligence, but none of these scammers would have been able to get away with it if they were ID verified because why would they risk it all for some coins and you sure as hell ain't bypassing the selfie ID test unless you got some poor mug to do it for you. Sure, a long time member could scam as well, but with his ID on record, people possible having payment details etc it'd be very hard to get away with it.
If you don't like the way a company operates, don't use them. If you feel like their practices are unfair, take it to the regulating bodies. Regardless of Bitcoin's legal status, a business will still have a duty of care to operate fairly. If Bitcoin Ponzi owners can get arrested then that should give you an indication that if you cause enough noise, someone will hear.
@_date: 2012-11-01 01:11:38
I can do them for £6.50, either you go first or we can use an escrow such as BTCrow. Been a member on here for three years, and also been trading in coins / other currencies for 4+ years.
@_date: 2012-11-30 17:20:05
Okay sir, don't punch me!! No but seriously it's YOUR job to read the Terms of Service of any company before you use their service. I don't know about you but I read the ToS of any company where my money is involved.
When you sign up it clearly says you tick if you have;
"I have read, understood and agree to the terms of service"
Mt. Gox will request identification information (such as an identity card, invoices, Government issued photographic identification, utility bill, residential certificate, signed certification of cohabitation, or similar, banking information) depending on the amounts deposited on the Accounts or the presence of suspicious activity which may indicate money-laundering or other illegal activity. Identification of the bank account from which funds are transferred to the Account may also be requested. In certain cases notarization of certain documents (including apostille) may be requested. Transactions may be frozen until the identity check has been considered satisfactory by Mt. Gox as required by applicable money laundering laws. Mt. Gox may request additional identification information at any time at the request of any competent authority or by application of any applicable law or regulation.
and right at the bottom it says;
* Please be advised that accessing your account via the Tor network and/or public proxies may result in a temporary suspension of your account, and having to submit AML documents. 
Is that not enough warning for you?
@_date: 2012-11-01 01:10:30
I sell BTC for less than the current price (about 40-50p off the current rate.) Just shoot me a message and we can use BTCrow as escrow.
@_date: 2012-12-13 22:49:33
No, you're an idiot. They do have authority. It's called following AML policy. 
@_date: 2012-12-01 00:47:39
EULA applies to software if I'm not wrong.
@_date: 2012-11-01 01:08:29
OP - the IP you posted wasn't a proxy. It was a home connection.
Hostname:	ua-83-226-138-29.cust.bredbandsbolaget.se
ISP:	Bredbandsbolaget AB
Organization:	Bredbandsbolaget AB
Services:	None detected
Type: 	Broadband
Assignment:	Static IP
@_date: 2012-11-23 13:52:47
Thanks fuhrer. I got a bad habit of doing that when it comes to spelling Bitcoin.
@_date: 2012-12-01 11:34:03
If you listen carefully, you can just about hear me quaking in my boots....but these boots are made for walking and that's just what they'll do..and one day these boots are going to walk all over youuuu
@_date: 2012-11-30 18:49:55
Okay let's take it from your point of view. Do you know how such a system would be implemented? How does one define a TOR exit node? How can someone be 100% sure that it IS a TOR exit node? What means would they use to verify that it IS a TOR exit node and not some elaborate spoofing going on? I mean, e-mails &amp; IPs get spoofed all the time so what's to say you wouldn't be able to spoof a TOR exit node? You're saying all these possible procedures but (and I mean this in the kindest way possible, I'm not trying to be condescending here.) you probably don't have an idea of such a system would be implemented. If I'm wrong, then I apologise and please I'd be very interested in hearing how you'd implement such a system. I'm sure MTGox roam these forums and they'd listen to what you have to say.
Secondly, the deposit is made OPTIONAL to you. Keyword, OPTIONAL. The address I assume is generated to match up with accounts but you are not in anyway forced to make a deposit. Just before you make a deposit, guess what - you are warned about AML / TOR and all that bullshit.
Look at this from THEIR point of view. Imagine your running a business. A business which is already against the norm of regular society. Anonymous, untraceable payments that AREN'T governed by an issuing authority? Shit is crazy yo. The people who have gotten so used to this kind of system will never be able to accept it easily. You're running a business which is already targeted by authorities because of it's involvement in other illegal activities. Now, you can either constantly try to fight the system and take as many falls along the way till you either come out the shit-hole or you fall permanently, or you can play them at their own game and beat the system legally. If you're a company that's already under let's say "watch" then your best bet is to play the book and not get in further trouble or do anything which may harm your case.
I am considering your case, don't make it seem like I'm incapable of understanding your logic but what you are asking for MTGox to essentially take the fall if anything goes wrong. This isn't about them holding the funds, this is about verifying your identity. I had a friend who didn't even deposit any funds but he logged in via TOR and had his account locked.
Also - you say the TOR restriction was implemented after a user complained about it on here but you have nothing to back you up on that. You're just assuming it. You should at least post your sources instead assuming things. You've done it before, you posted a story about a user getting their account locked and ONLY when he did not verify his identity it remained locked but do you have any idea what happened - do you know if he used TOR / proxies / a VPN service to access his account? You don't and neither do I but from my personal experience, and this experience is based on having traded over 300+ coins, having money received from "blacklisted" addresses and have never had to submit AML. From that I can conclude you're only likely to get asked for documentation if you do something stupid.
@_date: 2012-11-30 20:06:22
You say I'm wasting your time, yet you are doing nothing to actually help the case. Go and send this to the dev team if you're so sure this is as easy as you make it sound. You're pulling stories out of thin air without any back-up sources, nor are you considering all the other possibilities in your supposed "locked without any reason stories." 
At the end of the day, you are warned about this AML bullshit and if you chose to ignore it then it's your fault. 
@_date: 2012-12-16 12:15:42
No need to tip but just dropping by to say thank you for what you're doing. It's a small amount but an amount nonetheless. 
@_date: 2012-11-30 19:41:33
Okay so go on then, how would you define a TOR node? You're saying it's not complex so go on; explain to everyone how they would implement such a system and prevent it from abuse? The fact is putting such a system so that it's there before the deposit address is displayed would be too vulnerable to abuse. You'd end up with a system like PayPal for fucks sake, based on algorithms which can be misconstrued as fraudulent attempts and then before you know it you'd have people complaining about that. So look at this from their point of view, they can't win whatever they do.
The fact is, the AML is there to protect their ass. Not to steal your money. You say you have an understanding of AML laws but you don't and I can tell this because if you were running a company where your receiving money on such a large scale as MTGox - you'd do everything to ensure you weren't cheated out of any money. Ensuring AML is applied prevents further loss to the company and to other people involved. It's as simple as that. I've said it before, it's like with counterfeit currency, by law you are required to hold onto the money and NOT give it back to the customer to prevent further loss. Same case here.
I've given you a reasonable point to every single argument you've made. To implement a system which AUTOMATICALLY checks for such checks would be way too complex and way too open to abuse and potential false flags. Now tell me what's worse, random checks because you might be laundering money or just not using TOR and being safe?
@_date: 2012-12-25 08:05:29
Try selling them on Bitcointalk.org. Offer BTCrow as escrow if required.
@_date: 2012-11-01 12:06:26
No problem mate, glad to have shed some new light. Like you said I know it's probably not going to get acted on but hey, if his dumb enough to use his own IP he deserves to get caught.
Here's something else you can do; go to your account history and grab the address that it was withdrawn to (if it was) and do a search on Blockchain.info - better to have a record. Also it says at the bottom of withdrawal e-mails;
"Please contact us as soon as possible by replying to this email if you did not request this withdrawal."
So get in touch asap.
@_date: 2012-12-02 04:12:38
Probably just for fraud prevention, but to be honest there are plenty of other ways to get BTC without providing your identity. :) 
@_date: 2012-12-01 01:32:35
I'm afraid not. Once the payment has been sent it can't be returned. You'll have to wait until your client syncs with the network.
@_date: 2012-11-30 04:01:33
How dare a company protect it self from potential fraud like this! It's completely outrageous!
People need to stop crying about this AML procedure. What if I told you I've exchanged over 300+ Bitcoins through MTGOX and have never had AML asked to be submitted, but I assure you if I logged in via TOR I'd be asked to submit documents.
Do you even know what happened in that submissions story? I'm ready to bet he used TOR or some kind of proxy to access his account. Either be prepared to comply to their AML policies or don't use their services. 
Like many other companies they are a business. When you use their service you agree to their terms and conditions, most of which are laid out for you. There's even a notice that says if you use TOR/proxies your account may be subject to verification.
This isn't a case of them not being able to process the Bitcoins, it's a case of ensuring nothing dodgy is going on. If you don't like them, simply don't use them. There are plenty of ways to buy &amp; sell BTC. This isn't even a case of them taking the coins or "theft." It's the fact that your account is held until your identity can be verified and that your not someone from SilkRoad just moving money without any trace. If something happens from SilkRoad that leads to MTGOX and they don't have anything to go on, MTGOX could get in trouble. Then the same people who cried about AML will be the ones saying there's no good platform for BTC to be traded on. The AML is there to protect the company &amp; other people from loss.
MTGox is at the top BECAUSE you guys use them. There's no secret formula to this. Whichever "exchanger" has the largest amount of coins will pretty much control the trade of BTC and it's MTGox at the moment. If you don't like them, don't use them. It's as simple as that. At the end of the day, their doing business within their legal means.
@_date: 2012-11-30 17:16:43
You're not getting the point, they are NOT stealing your money. They are simply asking you to verify your identity to protect from any further legal issues.
It's like with counterfeit currency, if I get handed counterfeit currency I'm not going to check it before I process the transaction and then if it turns out to be fake I give it back. Nope I'm supposed to hold onto to the notes, notify the police and let them deal with it.
Again, they are NOT keeping your money from you, it's just to avoid legal issues. You get your money back as soon as you can verify your identity.
"Your argument basically boils down to "but they are stealing from questionable people, not people like me""
The fact is, you are TOLD not to access your account via TOR. I'm not basing my argument on this, I'm just telling you that they WARN you that using TOR will land you in trouble. This is made clear.
I'd like to see even one case where TOR / proxies weren't involved. You're pulling stories that you don't even know the full context off.
&amp; no, supporting MTGox doesn't tarnish my image. I hate scammers as much as you, I actively work to prosecute them as much as I can. I'm just saying if you can't prove that this is gross negligence on MTGox's side then you shouldn't complain because as far as I'm concerned you're told about the dangers of using any sort of hidden service to access your account and don't say normal people have had their accounts locked because I know for a fact that someone has sent a Silkroad payment to my MTGox account (I refunded him as I didn't want anything to do with that company.) and I've changed over 300+ BTC with NO need for AML policy documentation to be submitted.
@_date: 2012-12-01 01:31:27
There'll always be ways to connect. :) Even if we have to run 100ft Ethernet cables across the streets. Not to worried about it.
@_date: 2012-12-07 15:06:55
If I understand you right - this is what you can do.
1. Use LocalBitcoins.com to buy Bitcoins with cash. I would suggest using Blockchain.info as your wallet. Don't worry too much about mixing your coins.
2. Use BTCJam to fund small loans. Key &amp; crucial part here is to spread your investments.
3. When trying to withdraw, I would suggest using LocalBitcoins.com again to get your money into cash if at any point you want to withdraw.
@_date: 2012-12-02 04:11:12
Stumped. Clue?
@_date: 2012-11-30 21:00:08
It's useless to argue or even reasonably debate with him. In his mind everything is as easy as he makes it sounds like. He sounds like Mitt Romney in his entire campaign, saying that we should do all these things and making them sound so easy but given a chance he wouldn't have a single clue where to begin.
@_date: 2012-12-04 02:08:28
Here's what you should do. You should sell your products as something like "Kinder Surprise Toy + Bitcoin as a gift." Check that your buyer has their address verified and ship them a toy. In the case of a chargeback, you'll have shipping proof, and you will be covered by PayPal's Seller Protection too.
EDIT: Also I forgot to mention that someone CAN use the loophole where they say item not described....but if you use common sense then you'll be all good. I would recommend using phone verification, landline NOT mobile and making sure it matches the address on file so in the worst case scenario you can take it to the police.
@_date: 2012-12-07 15:07:45
1. Localbitcoins.com
2. Bitcointalk.org -&gt; currency exchange forum and look for a UK trader.
Good luck.
@_date: 2012-12-01 07:02:35
Well...that's one of way of putting it. Better than I could have explained it. I had no idea you could use the Blockchain method either. Up-voted simply because you took the time to write this out. 
@_date: 2012-11-12 11:59:19
2aa340 won 489.250 btc (16 hours ago)
and someone hit it big. :) 
@_date: 2012-11-27 01:47:38
Looks like it's going to be a fraudulent payment.
@_date: 2012-12-02 04:10:34
@_date: 2012-11-30 21:06:54
No this wouldn't work. Imagine you're a bank for example, someone has ended up given you fake money or you are being investigated for money laundering because a large amount of money has been traced back to you, or one of your customers is a suspected criminal and they are looking into his finances. Now I'm not saying MTGox is a bank because they are not, their more like a currency exchange bureau.
Now, it is a HELL lot of less hassle if you prove your company is AML compliant, that you ensure that you apply this policy as applicable. If you suspect something is awry you don't give back the money. Not at all. This hinders any investigation and your indirectly helping the criminal get away. It's less hassle to play by the book.
@_date: 2012-12-01 01:34:04
I don't think it'll make that much of a difference but at the moment the only thing I can assume is that the price will go up. Just don't know when.
@_date: 2012-10-22 12:35:30
Create another user account on your machine, and replace the wallet.dat file with your friends, you should be able to alternate wallets by switching user accounts.
@_date: 2012-12-14 19:56:29
It's called following AML policy you idiots. What is MTGox going to do when they get thousands of complaints from the police if fraud happens on their business and their not doing anything to stop it? 
Think of it this way, if you deal with money and someone used a stolen credit card to pay for items (for example only) and you had no information to go back on what would you do?
@_date: 2012-12-13 19:05:17
Best way is to contact them, if the funds have left your account already then get in touch since payments are not reversible.
@_date: 2012-12-01 05:59:05
I still don't think anyone here understands AML policy. /facepalm. To you and other guys in general, this is NOT an issue with MTGOX, this is an issue with people refusing to understand AML policy and no matter what you guys think you know, if you believe the funds can be sent back when there might be suspicious activity then you're wrong.
The whole point of an AML policy is to prevent, detect and keyword here REPORT money laundering activities.
Again...do you know how easy this would be to bypass? You can get a new address in a matter of seconds, you can transfer funds within seconds to another address. It's not hard to contaminate your dirty coins with your legit ones either. 
Honestly, there's way too many people here who think they know how to fix a problem but half of them wouldn't even know how to begin. 
BTW don't take this as an insult, I'm sure you're not some idiot but anyone can theorise a solution, actually implementing it might be harder than you think.
@_date: 2012-12-15 10:29:51
You're an idiot. You took away your post because you know you're wrong. Send in the documents and comply to AML policy or shut up and get on with your life. Internet is srs business.
@_date: 2013-05-28 02:17:35
Balance on Blockchain: 0.73410793 BTC
Is that not what's showing up on your wallet? I thought Blockchain was the one that's behind or have you received more coins since posting this because judging from your client transactions, both the client and blockchain seem updated to me.
@_date: 2013-06-24 19:28:08
Good concept but the 77 USD set up fee is crazy.
@_date: 2013-05-28 02:03:45
Looks like the site is already having trouble. 
Down as of this message.
@_date: 2013-06-04 00:04:05
It's up now?
@_date: 2013-05-28 02:05:09
When did you check? If the coins were still unconfirmed it probably won't have shown up straight away on the site - your balance and transactions look updated at the moment.
@_date: 2013-02-11 21:06:39
Account subscriptions or specific content?
@_date: 2013-02-27 07:46:01
Localbitcoins is a good place. Change your search results to sort by reputation and ask to arrange to meet up and pay in cash. I haven't done a f2f exchange but I'm sure they bring either their smartphone or laptop and they do the transfer in front of you. Double check it goes to your BTC address, wait for one confirmation. Usually takes 30 minutes or so, so have a coffee or something and after that you're all good to go.
@_date: 2013-02-04 19:54:47
Nothing to do with PayPal. It's an issue on your computer. Clear your cookies / cache or use another browser to close your account.
@_date: 2013-02-23 01:01:38
I don't really see the point of this. Someone care to explain?
@_date: 2013-06-04 16:32:17
I'm pretty sure this was down to their affiliation with Liberty Reserve rather than any Bitcoin affiliation. 