@_author: xdarius
@_date: 2014-05-31 02:58:27
i agree with what you are saying, it would suck for people to cause malicious acts, but what sucks even more is the fact that this company doesn't care.  let me tell you a story, i did lots of beta testing for video games, we would find an exploit and abuse it and then tell the developer how to do the exploit/bug and expect a fix.  we never told anyone about the bug/exploit outside of our clan.  but also the developer never fixed the bugs or exploits.  we would go into detail on how it works and why would it be good to fix.
well then we had a moral dilemma, developer didn't care, and we couldn't fix the bug our self.  we just couldn't get the attention of the developers or the company itself on how impacting these bugs can be.  i won't name names of the games, but this would be the era of 1998 to about 2003 for various of different games that were mainstream.  i don't want to mention names out of respect for the company and games, even though those games are non-existent/low played at this time.
now make note these games were in beta and we were supposed to report bugs or exploits to get them fixed, in some cases the bugs or exploits made it into the final revision of release.  what we ended up doing is going through the process explaining again the down falls of these bugs and how to perform them, full disclosure.  but this time around we said if you don't do anything about it we'll post on forums and threads and go into detail on how to do the bugs, they could be anywhere from duping gold, to bringing levels up or down, to getting into houses etc... lots of different bugs.  in our emails we mentioned we reported this on so and so date and this is our second report, if you aren't going to fix the issue we'll just post and show others how to do it.
3 weeks after our report, updates came out but no fixes, so we did in fact post on how to abuse/exploit the bugs, well guess what once the majority found out how to do this, they immediately fixed the bug.
now given in this situation the circumstances are different, this effects peoples livelihoods.  i'm not sure what actually happens when they disable the account, or if the money disappears completely, but sometimes revealing information like this and having it become mainstream will make this company fix the issues at hand and hopefully help any customers who were vandalized by malicious users.
again i'm not sure how this website works, or what happens to the account, if they do unblock the account does everything become normal?  whats even more scarier is what happens if you do give them an email and say that is you and to transfer funds another wallet.
again maybe its a different situation, but that is just amazing that all they ask for is an email address and no further proof if that is you.  basic social engineering 101 failure right there. 
@_date: 2014-05-31 15:08:40
you do bring up a good point, guess we don't know if he had this conversation and posted immediately to reddit or if he tried to contact someone else to at least report the employee and see if this really is how it works.  it could just be one bad apple for all we know.  i guess posting it here will get that attention, just hope no one gets screwed badly.  video games are one thing, lose items, its a game.  lose your livelihood or a small investment that could be pay a bill.  we'll either here a big ordeal "we got hacked and lost everybody's money" or some mainstream media will post about how bad bitcoin is and not understand how the system actually works.