@_author: xeldal
@_date: 2015-06-08 19:47:25
So long as bitUSD always trades at that ratio it doesn't matter what it is.  Its about a stable reference.  If bitUSD is always $.01 or always $3 ... its all the same.  The point is that it follows the relative value of USD.    Having said that.  bitUSD is currently a very small market and does suffer liquidity problems that effect this relative stability. 
@_date: 2015-06-08 20:13:51
@_date: 2015-06-08 20:01:22
Sounds like you didn't even read the OP.  Here's a quote in case you missed it. "Bitshares now handles more TPS than Visa and Mastercard "  doesn't say anything about BitUSD nor does it mention the 'size' of any market.  It describes the capacity of the BitShares 2.0 network.
@_date: 2015-06-08 20:08:10
Excellent! Head on over then.  Bitshares 2.0 guarantees 1 BitUSD is always exchangeable for at least 1 USD worth. period.    
@_date: 2015-06-08 19:32:51
If you use shapeshifts "specific amount" feature you can get a much better rate.  currently $205 Bid - $225 Ask.  
@_date: 2015-06-08 19:53:51
Yes, its a small market.  Every markets price will be effected by the size of your order.   BitUSD is being revamped anyway.  I'd encourage you to read the update.   With BitShares2.0 all BitUSD is guarenteed 1 to 1.   
@_date: 2014-03-09 23:49:50
or just add /en in the address bar or click this link to set to english.
@_date: 2014-03-01 16:39:52


This responsibility is better placed in the hands of the actually business, not a federal mofia.  The government has no incentive to do this job efficiently, effectively, or justly.  You can't so easily choose another government as you can another business.   The money currently wasted on compliance could be more effectively used to provide a proper service.  A service that spends more on these types of safe guards, reassurance, and transparency would be rewarded with greater market share.
@_date: 2014-03-01 20:30:13
We don't need government to provide or enforce these rules. A social standard is all that's necessary.  For example A new exchange might provide monthly independent audits of their books or full transparency of their financials.  The benefit of this is clear and people would make up their own minds on the value of any business' efforts to that effect to the point where a society simply won't deal with you unless you provide it. 


that's exactly right.  so does everyone else.  So a business who provides above and beyond the social consensus of what makes a marketplace safe will get the support of the community, and the ones that don't provide this security will fail.  
@_date: 2014-03-11 02:25:33
Yes I really like that story as well.  I first heard of it from LetsTalkBitcoin here: 
I use this often to explain to people more in depth if their interested.  Its a nice way to open up that aspect of it and appreciate it.
@_date: 2014-03-01 15:15:34


This is why companies like Mt. Gox exist and remain profitable, because there are no better alternatives.  Its easily within reach of many talented and creative people to create a functional transparent exchange.  Regulations make this near impossible for all but the very wealthy and connected.  When anyone and their grandmother can run an exchange, the best options, with the highest security and transparency will win out.  There would be no reason to trust my money on an exchange run by some random cat in japan.  When grandma's PR sucks ass, I simply move to any one of 100's of other options.  These kinds of Grand heists only work when there are few to no other options.  Mt Gox would have failed very early on in a free market and any losses would have been minimal.
@_date: 2014-03-11 01:51:54
Indeed. Who is John Galt?
@_date: 2014-03-19 15:14:07
Owning Bitshares-PTS (protoshares) and Angelshares (AGS) are a way to claim 'shares' in every DAC that Invictus ever creates as well as any 3rd party DAC's who honor that social contract.  One of the best opportunities for investing in bitcoin 2.0 platforms available as far as i know. A lot of good information/new websites/videos/FAQ's etc. will be coming out over the next week or so.   
@_date: 2014-03-01 16:27:17
I was speaking more specifically about the US regulation arm that clearly reaches across the globe.  Given that the US or the western world would generally be the target audience of any large success seeking enterprise you are going to face those regs at some point.  If you try and compete with a service the size of gox you will need to interface with US customers and therefore comply with said regulation arm.  You can't do this safely or effectively without massive funding to the point where clearly noone wants to do this.  Even with massive funding the regulation arm can change the rules to suit some other private interest.   This funding is wasted on compliance where it could be better utilized on providing a proper service.
@_date: 2014-03-11 01:09:55
@_date: 2014-10-01 14:07:05
Get used to this.  It will continue to happen, no matter what they tell you.  Their support team is non-existent and not at all helpful.  
I waited for literally 3 months for a solution to my accounts issues, reversed/canceled purchases only to have them ignore me and go completely silent for the last month and then simply closed my account.
Leave coinbase as soon as your able.  Have your friends and family do the same.  They don't deserve your business.
@_date: 2014-10-10 21:30:11
I've been waiting for this. Sounds groovy! : )
@_date: 2014-02-08 16:46:11
Try Ting.com.  Its the same coverage as Sprint network and about $100 cheaper.  They'll pay 25% of your early termination fee's as well. No contracts and if you don't use your phone you don't pay anything for it. ($6 base fee)  
@_date: 2014-03-01 17:09:34


It sounds like you almost solved this for yourself.  At the end of the day its **people** who we are putting our trust in.  A government is nothing more than people.  Personally I would rather see a company regulate itself because they have the most to lose by doing this improperly.  I'm much less inclined to trust a government to regulate them because if it fails the government loses nothing, any expense this might cause them is simply collected in taxes or printed on the presses.
@_date: 2014-02-21 14:54:34
a free market is simply the natural state of things. There's no avoiding it.  Government and regulations do all they can to convince you to accept their rules/regulations (with guns i might add).  Its always an individuals choice whether to listen/agree/obey.  any rule you can implant, is still at the mercy of the free market.
When a government\regulation crosses a line and the people are able enough to think for themselves.  The natural, immutable, free market will dismantle those governments\regulations.  
Libertarians have known for a long time the purpose of said financial regulations, and it has nothing to do with protecting people from criminals.  It has everything to do with protecting private interest at the expense of everyone else.  This isn't something you learn being a libertarian.  Learning this makes you a libertarian.
@_date: 2014-02-28 03:54:59
A new Xchange wouldn't be mt gox, it wouldnt have any of the employees or management, not even the name.  Call it anything.  the idea would be to maintain the account balances.  Take the data , put together a tranparant secure xchange and run it.   There is no reason to say i want anyones account balances dissolved and forgotten, if that is able to be preserved.  There is plenty of cheap gox coins for sale right now. A working solution of this idea would be more than enough incentive for some very talented people to get involved. 
@_date: 2014-03-11 03:11:18
  if your trying to purchase without a bank account.  
@_date: 2014-03-01 15:52:26
Yes, because of free will, there's no **direct** causation.  You don't have to trade bitcoins at all if you don't want to, like you don't have to eat if you don't want to.  However, if you do want to eat or trade bitcoins, your **options** are directly limited by the environment in which they can develop.  Your limited **options** to trade bitcoins, or do anything for that matter, are directly effected by heavy government regulation.   The force behind bad companies is the same force behind bad regulation.  Namely, people.  If regulation limits the ability of free people to produce competition, I'd say the regulation is misguided, uninformed, and doesn't understand the unintended consequences.
My personal opinion is most regulation is aware of these undesirable consequences, but is being driven by a relatively small group's self serving agenda that is not concerned with it because they benefit from the lack of competition.
@_date: 2014-03-12 15:53:42
Buying the coins instead of the miner has so far been the better option for me.
@_date: 2014-10-20 17:37:22
Awesome interview.  You guys are great!  very excited about BitShares Music.
@_date: 2014-03-01 16:57:22
Regulation causes greater compliance expenses, and serious arbitrary legal risks, and thereby fewer options.  Wasted money on regulatory compliance means less money to provide an actual functioning service.  So in the end you have underfunded, overburdened, less functional, less secure options.
This is the effect of regulation.  The rest is choices made by individuals.  Regulation doesn't cause poor choices.  It simply limits the number of choices available and concentrates the risks into a few abused and downtrodden entities.
@_date: 2014-03-11 03:25:16
Everything lacks intrinsic value.  Intrinsic value is a subjective construct.  The value you apply to something doesn't exist in the item itself.  I agree with you though, that the change in communication affects that perceived 'common', 'collective', 'intrinsic' value.  There's no question about where you can spend things and so, that variable, in determining somethings value, is of lesser to no value.  depending on the individuals subject experience of it, of course. : )
@_date: 2014-10-01 14:02:45
I've had a similar experience.  Their support is atrocious.  Took them a week to even reply to my ticket, and they failed to fix whatever the issue was.  After 2 months and 7 different employees all telling me different things nothing was done.  Then 1 month of complete silence with no response whatsoever.  Then a very unprofessional email telling me my account was closed.  I'm happy to be rid of coinbase, they have been a nightmare for me from the beginning.
Unfortunately I recommended them to friends and family and they have all had the same/similar experience. 
Thankfully there is now a suitable alternative.  I'd like to see coinbase crash and burn.
@_date: 2014-10-31 21:17:11
How does this compare to PeerTracks?
@_date: 2014-09-08 02:55:41
@_date: 2014-02-26 14:05:55
Look, nothing is fucked, here, man.
Nothing is fucked?!
The god damn plane has crashed into Gox mountain! 
@_date: 2014-02-06 19:05:20
Heres a list I've used to introduce someone who's interested.
outstanding twice weekly podcast:
Price charts:
IRC channels:
Merchant listing:
  &lt;== best option as far as i know.
Good Intro to bitcoin sites:
Notable videos:
  &lt;==== very good and recent
  &lt;==== very secure online wallet, nice phone app.
   &lt;===== very secure, easy to purchase new coins from bank account, great merchant services
 &lt;==== most secure, best options, hardest to use (im waiting for next version)
  &lt;==== paper wallet generator
  &lt;====  store your bitcoins in your brain.  (probably not necessary unless your ultra paranoid)
 
@_date: 2014-12-31 01:48:11
How do you justify your decision? Is it worth it? long term payoff? more fun? ... meaningful?  just curious of your personal motivators. 
@_date: 2014-12-24 22:22:35
Why does anyone own gold or dollars of any kind?  Personally I own them because they represent some measurable value.  Gold and USD happen to be most stable for my needs or satisfy my speculations.  
I like to be able to trade/buy things, and know that tomorrow/next week/next year I will still be able to trade for the same things I want/need.  Its the value they represent and can be traded for thats important.  Unless your a jeweler, making electronics, or utilizing the actual physical gold for something, I suspect the value in trade is why you might own them as well.   a piece of physical gold = a stack of USD = a box of shoes = a goat = a bag of chicken sandwiches = basket of marbles.   If I have a digital token that will always = a pair of turtle doves, the value is really all I'm looking for.   Turtle doves may not be the long term purchasing power token I would want but gold fits the bill for me.  I don't need the physical gold so long as the same value for trade is maintained.
Even if you were a jeweler, the system assures you can trade a digital gold token for the equivalent value of the physical gold represented by the token.   
@_date: 2014-03-11 00:48:52
I would guess, some kind of escrow service might exist where 2 of 3 signatures would be required to release from escrow. where you, the escrow agent and the customer would each have a signature key. 
@_date: 2014-02-28 03:44:02
Even if the new Xchange was totaly self contained to begin with.  using Bitcoinbuilder to interface, it remains open to those that might want to support such an effort.  There is some incentive there.  There is certainly much to gain at .06 current exchange rate for GOX btc, to help make it whole again.  anyone that doesn't want to participate or just needs the cash, can still leave but with such an effort now possibly for a better rate, if there is this incentive for sustaining this non profit to earn back the account balance.
@_date: 2014-02-28 04:03:54
With GOX coins trading at .06 on bitcoinbuilder right now.  If this is possible that is one hell of an incentive to do so.  the new Xchange could be in a totally self contain box for a while.  with only a bitcoinbuilder interface for investors in the project.  The goal would be a 1 to 1 exchange obviously and then shortly after there would be no need for it as you could then deposit directly.
@_date: 2014-03-11 02:03:13
@_date: 2014-02-06 18:54:54
Ting.com offers to pay 25% of your early termination fee as well, up to $75.  Their pricing looks pretty awesome too. I havn't switch yet so i can't comment on the network coverage but it looks like I'm covered(no roaming charge). Also my monthly bill will drop from $120 down to $23.  More than enough incentive for me to switch.  If i Buy a new phone the savings will pay for the phone in 6 months or less.
@_date: 2014-09-17 14:25:31
you mean "tends towards *centralization"
@_date: 2014-02-08 18:45:27
You can think of a bitcoin as a bank. One without buildings, owners or employees. Where anyone in the world can open an account that is completely free forever.  A bank that doesn't require identification and has no forms to fill out. A bank without any arbitrary borders, fees, restrictions or regulations, open for business via internet 24 hours a day 365 days a year.  This bank uses a currency that is impossible to counterfeit, cannot be printed at will, and can be traded freely and directly without the need of any 3rd party or intermediaries.  Bitcoin is a distributed system designed to create an open, decentralized and border-less network to facilitate trade for the entire globe, governed by unchanging principles of mathematics in code, instead of the corruptible intentions of bureaucrats, politicians, and other special interest groups.  As a distributed system, the freedom it engenders its users cannot be attacked or dismantled.  On top of all this, bitcoin the "currency", is merely the first element of an innumerable plethora of distributed applications that can benefit from a distributed consensus system like bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-12-24 18:21:30
I get the shorting bit, which is nice, but how does this allow you to leverage up on Bitcoin or USD?  Are you able to short bitUSD with bitBTC as collateral or vice-a-verse? 
@_date: 2014-03-01 20:19:49
Thats what i mean. Independent audits, transparency, provably fair etc. is what i mean by regulate yourself.  A reputable business will have all these things if they want the trust of their customers.  Any business who doesn't provide these social standards simply wouldn't be trusted.  You don't need a government to do these things or see the benefit of them.
@_date: 2014-10-23 14:47:29
You are lucky then.  I've dealt with similar issues repeatedly with coinbase.  Usually takes about 2 days to hear from them and a week for anything to be done.  My worst case It took 3 months for them to resolve the same issue, with little or no communication for weeks.  There support is often non-existent and unhelpful.  My experience anyways.
@_date: 2014-12-08 20:44:36
In the same way bitcoin can not be trademarked, neither can bitshares, bitUSD, bitGold, bitSilver, bitCNY, bitOil, et al.
US trademark office maintains they can't be trademarked because they are all "too descriptive"  .. whatever that means.
@_date: 2014-03-01 16:11:52
yes regulation does not force you to eat food either, but bad regulation does limit the available options for good, proper food.
You can't say that US regulation played no part in the available options.  
You could say that, i guess, but you would be wrong.  Lets not make this an argument of free will, its a matter of the environment in which proper options can develop. 
As an exchange, the US is the last place you will want to do business.  Kraken is a good example of this fact.  The risk of being swatted by the heavy hand of this blind Gargantua is too great.
@_date: 2014-02-28 14:11:11
Not to mention, the dynamite press and awareness this would bring, having a free market solution instead of crying for momma regulator.  This could be written as a shining example of what people can do for themselves and the strength and ingenuity of the open market.
@_date: 2015-01-11 21:22:49
I wouldn't hold anything on coinbase.  You are at their mercy.  The same, as you said, with every centralized exchange.  
Look for a decentralized exchange where you control your own keys and hold whatever assets you want, trade whatever you want, whenever you want, including USD.  BitShares offers this.  In addition you can hold BTC, USD, Gold, and Silver assets (among others).   They are tradable with each other, cannot be seized/frozen, no credit check/background information required. The system is decentralized and there is no couterparty risk.  
@_date: 2015-01-06 18:22:48


the same way you get money to any exchange. ACH/Wire/Cash deposit.  Today your deposits on any exchange are just an ExchangeIOU-USD


Yes, you have to trust the gateway to honor the IOU, just like you have to trust BitStamp today to honor their deposits.  I think the difference is that once your past the gateway and exchanged your IOU for whatever asset your looking for, that risk is over and your now free to trade on the decentralized exchange. only fiat deposit and withdrawl is at risk of the gateway, so a very limited time frame.  You can go back to USD without leaving the decentralized exchange by using bitUSD


I think they will be.  I think the  difference is the exchange no longer has to do all the accounting themselves, nor do they have to run the orderbook so it's much more simple and KYC/AML control requirement on the gatewayIOU asset are essentially turn key, managed on blockchain. 
Thats my understanding anyway.  I'm also trying to figure it out.
@_date: 2015-01-30 00:26:39
The Bitshares variety hopefully.  Thanks.
@_date: 2015-01-11 22:26:06
Check out the interest you can get on BTC, USD and Gold :    and this is certainly *not* from fractional/fictional reserves.  These are all 200% to 300% collateralized. 
@_date: 2015-01-06 16:43:34
The following quote from the linked article seems key:
"There is no reason why the same entity needs to be responsible for issuing IOUs and for processing the order book. It is only because these two roles are combined that we have a tendency toward centralization in the Bitcoin exchange space. If we want to create a decentralized exchange then the first step is to move the order book on to the blockchain where everyone can see it."
So that leaves just the simple task of changing fiat to an IOU fiat, and this IOU is listed on the decentralized exchange as well and can be traded? 
Simplifying the exchanges role to a simple gateway.
Does this mean that anyone can operate a gateway in a sort of turn key simplified fashion?  so there might be 1000's of gateways instead of the 3 or 4 major exchanges we have today?  Thereby reducing the risk of any one mega gateway/exchange being compromised and everyone losing?
@_date: 2015-01-11 22:36:16
Thats right.  Consider the interest from a carry trade on forex.  The short pays the interest to the buyer.  This is also how bitAssets work on BitShares 
@_date: 2015-01-04 18:41:10
I would use e-gold long before i used... oh wait... 
centralized gold and silver has already been done and failed.  More centralized companies like bitreserve are not the answer.
@_date: 2015-01-05 19:26:53
What incentives do current bitcoin exchanges have for only offering Gateway services.  Surely the exchange aspect generates far more income for them.
I guess its a much simpler business model and they won't really have a choice in the matter if you can get the same/better/cheaper/trust-free service from a bitcoin exchange that's simply using the bitshares order matching system or perhaps just directly from the bitshares client.
This sounds like it could drastically decentralize the exchange landscape.  Very interesting.
Can anyone operate a simple gateway?  I'm thinking like a localbitcoins.com for cash or something like that to get in and out rather than wire/ach to something like bitStampGateway that might require more KYC Identification etc.
@_date: 2015-01-31 13:44:46
Liberty Dollar was Gold and Silver coins, nothing to do with USD.  Bernard Von-Nothaus was not put in jail.  He was actually at a fairly recent bitcoin conference.  He was charged with creating medallions that looked too similar to US coin and intent to make currency to replace the dollar or some such nonsense.  The real issue was competition on the current money monopoly.    
@_date: 2015-01-08 20:01:52
I believe Daniel is *actually* from the future. = )  That's my impression anyways,  I'm not 100% sure, but fairly convinced.
@_date: 2015-01-06 19:00:52


Thats backwards or not quite right.  If you think BTS is going to lose value relative to USD you would sell BTS and buy USD.  If you think BTS will gain value and you want leverage you might short USD with BTS.  You are Borrowing USD from the market engine and may pay interest to do this, just like you would to borrow USD from a traditional bank.  The holder or buyer of that USD in this case will earn that interest for holding USD, just like a traditional bank pays you to hold USD at their bank.


you don't issue bitUSD, the market engine does.  You borrow this bitUSD and sell it on the market.  This is a traditional short sell.  The $3 of BTS your referring to are held as collateral by the market to ensure that you pay back your loan.  Just like a traditional bank will hold the deed to your house to ensure you pay your mortgage.
@_date: 2015-01-28 01:16:36
Does Amagi Metals accept bitGold in exchange for gold?
@_date: 2015-07-16 02:07:50
I know, I feel the same way, sort of, :) lol, not so much the diarrhea part though.  
The "killer app" bit doesn't detract too much from the actual meat of the article though and I think what it talks about is fairly significant.  What I gathered was essentially they have a trust-less decentralized exchange, with a trust-less wallet that is somehow linked to a debit card that can pull from your bitcoin balance.  That's pretty significant.  


@_date: 2015-03-19 21:08:25
What I want is instant, free value transfer and real-time transparency on any asset like Gold, Silver, USD, Yen, Yuan and all other major currencies with no counterparty risks.. and like I said, I've already got that.  BR doesn't / can't  offer this.  
@_date: 2015-03-19 23:40:10
No worries, and I don't mean to be argumentative.  When you say things like 'decentralized systems offer no consumer benefit'  its clear that we come from very different philosophical, economic, governmental perspectives/experience.  Decentralized systems empower individuals, and secure immutably the right to free speech, most notably, control over ones own capital, where and to whom you send.
Centralized systems will always be at the mercy of a gun.  Whether its by governments or thugs, or a government of thugs.  Centralizing a system in one place puts all your customers at risk, and I say needlessly.
At the end of the day we still havn't got a reason why a decentralized system couldn't do what your doing.  In fact a decentralized system *IS doing what your doing and I see no reason I should take on a great deal of extra unnecessary risks to use your system.
@_date: 2015-03-19 22:23:49
Is 5 seconds slow?  Is $0.001 costly?  Is 10k+ tps unscalable? What are you talking about?  Please, do tell what are the "most pressing problems of our poorest and most vulnerable global citizens"  that your service can offer that a decentralized system could not?  I'll see your cute puppy and raise you a cat pic and crying baby. 
You're partially/minimally correct when you say bitcoin doesn't solve all these problems, but the decentralized ledger does. I'm quite certain that BR solves far fewer problems than bitcoin or an equivalent decentralized bitAsset blockchain, as well as introducing a whole host of additional problems. 
@_date: 2015-03-19 21:26:17
Real-time transparency offers almost *none of the benefits of decentralization.  Namely risk of asset seizure/confiscation, risk of transaction/account censorship.  Risk of central mismanagement.  Risk of theft.   These are enormous benefits you simply cannot get without some degree of decentralization.  "clumsy solution"  my god, where have you been the last 5 years.  Have you heard of bitcoin yet and the problems these 'clumsy' decentralized systems have solved.
@_date: 2015-03-19 20:50:04
Agreed.  There are already decentralized crypto solutions to holding Gold, USD, EUR, CNY , and every other major currency.  I don't see any need for something like this.  Just another 3rd party with risks of confiscation, theft, seizure, miss management etc.  No thanks.
@_date: 2015-02-18 23:41:41
Its not without risk.  Its a different kind of risk.
systemic vs  a counter-party risk.
BTS backing can withstand massive value swings and still function without a hitch.  Anything bitcoin has gone through in its history, bitAssets like bitUSD would have faired just fine.  BTS does have its limits though.  A sustained drop in value over 67% in a very short period of time might be enough to break it.  
If your curious.  I doubt i could explain the details as well as Bytemaster himself about black swans here : 
As for counter-party risk, thats the trade off.  There is no courter-party risk.  If you remember e-gold had a digital gold currency backed by physical gold and the gold was simply confiscated.  Same with many other precious metal backed currencies like Liberty Dollars' warehouse receipts.  
Its a massive weak spot in centrally backed anything.
So we just compare and weigh the risks and benefits of each approach.
@_date: 2015-03-19 22:26:58
@_date: 2015-02-18 17:27:51
I think the distinction is centralized vs decentralized.  No one is demanding to get rid of exchanges.  That wouldn't make sense.  The point is to reduce the risk of your funds being stolen/compromised at a centralized service like BTER or BitStamp etc.  A decentralized exchange allows you to maintain control of your funds at all times.  You don't have to trust anyone.
Gateways are just on/off ramps into the crypto space.  BitStamp, BTER, Coinbase, Circle, all these places offer this service of trading fiat into crypto.  The problem with these is that the crypto then stays on these centralized services and your coin balance is essentially an IOU.  You don't actually control them or posses them until you request they send them to your private wallet.  But you can't exchange them in your private wallet like you can on an exchange, so most 'traders' simply leave them on the exchange out of convenience. 
A decentralized exchange allows you to keep your coins in your private wallet and at the same time have access to all the liquidity of an exchange.  There is no server or service like BTER.com that can be compromised and your coins stolen.  The Hacker would need to attack *you specifically.  In this case the reward for the hacker would be miniscule compared to hacking a centralized piled of coins you have on a centralized exchange, and generally then not worth the work/risk/effort to do so.
In regards to your saying "But dollar I just don't see happening"  I wanted to mention there are several Gateways for CNY and USD that offer 1 to 1 exchange for bitUSD and bitCNY.  In addition, all current USD exchanges are already USD gateways.  I found this article helpful in distinguishing the difference.
@_date: 2015-02-21 02:26:00
 &gt;According to Daniel Larimer, who Aeon Magazine describes as a "fairly radical" libertarian, "decentralized technologies will make governments entirely irrelevant, ineffective and unable to do anything."
Nice! :p
@_date: 2015-02-24 23:12:23
No, certainly not, at least not to my knowledge.  What I'm suggesting is that Bitshares brings this functionality to bitcoin.  
Soon you will see a Bitcoin wallet that you can simply move your coins into any number of different assets from Gold to Oil to Yuan to Yen, Euros, and USD etc.  All without ever touching a 3rd party.  All completely decentralized and your funds never leave your hands.  You don't have to trust anyone.  
Most of the solutions out there that try to do this have a very clear counter party and your assets are at their mercy or the mercy of some hacker or overbearing government agency.
this is just one example from above, but probably the biggest and affects the results of all the other.
@_date: 2015-03-21 19:02:20
Why not power your remittance engine with something like BitShares bitAssets. Are you familiar w/ them? They offer all the elements you need for free and instant, they're backed by 200% - 300% collateral, plus they pay you interest just for holding them. I'm not aware of anywhere else you can earn interest on your Gold/Silver holdings.  You could pass on this added income to your customers or take it as an additional revenue stream for BR.  In addition this frees you from some obligations you might have to insure and maintain your physical holdings because all collateral is on-blockchain.  It would also be a plus+ for your customers to know they don't even have to trust you if they don't want to, you could claim 'free of counterparty risk'.   One other advantage you might gain is in dealing with legacy banking systems for local currencies.  BitShares bitUSD bitEuro bitCNY etc maintain their local currencies value without a need for legacy bank accounts.  I'm sure there are a great deal of regulatory hurdles that can be avoided the more these assets are used.  Obviously Gating in and out of fiat generally requires banking relations but in-between its not necessary.
Just some thoughts.  Its a win win as far as I can tell.  Thank you for the pleasant discussion. 
@_date: 2015-02-20 14:53:15
2 hours is pretty fast! Does ReBit guarantee a $ amount at pickup?  if so 2 hours average is still a bit of volatility risk for you.  I was wondering as a means to cut out that risk and earn some added income if you might consider locking in the remitted value with bitUSD or bitWhatever the local currency your remitting to is and earn interest on whatever balance you hold in time of transit? 
 
@_date: 2015-02-21 02:39:10
Its a fine distinction.  Miners might run for awhile without up keep and the bitcoin network would still technically exist and produce blocks.   A truly autonomous company would need to maintain/upgrade/repair all of its own hardware, produce electricity etc.  I think its an unnecessary distinction and saying bitcoin is a DAC, for now, is ok and make sense. 
How about Distributed *Automated Company?  
Origin of the term DAC:
@_date: 2015-02-21 04:38:22
Its sounds like I would not desire the kind of 'education' you'd be providing.  Though like all humans we probably agree on more things than you'd think.
People always form government as a necessary evil because we have never had the tools necessary to live without them. We have them now.
I'm not saying that we shouldn't have groups, or leaders or hierarchies or laws.   These all serve valuable functions.  But to combat the inevitable corruption of man, we need a computer, a fully verifiable uncorrectable distributed machine.    We have that now.
@_date: 2015-02-24 21:37:30
Bitshares, They've been out for almost a year now.  They're about to release a light client and a web wallet.  They're a decentralized exchange.
 
  
Where else can you earn interest on Gold and Silver without a couterparty?  
They're working with a decentralized Music platform BitShares Music 
 
 and a decentralized gaming platform BitShares PLAY
   ...  
They're working with a dev from Namecoin on a decentralized DNS (Zach Lym) 
  
Ultimately BitShares will have Scripting and smart contracts, decentralized Identity management, Mail, Insurance, Bonds, etc.  
 
@_date: 2015-02-20 21:29:50
Honestly I read about ripple a long time ago and don't know enough about it to intelligently discuss it.  I should have refrained. perhaps "gateway" was the wrong choice of words.  Thanks.  My understanding of it was that it is fairly centralized and required trust with counter-party risks.


feed price is taken from 101 different feeds (the mean, I think) , if any one of these is giving bad feeds they can be fired and replaced. 


Its certainly not without risk.  There are risks with everything, and it important to understand them.  The primary risk with bitAssets is systemic , and not counter-party.  Every system has systemic risk.  Heres a good breakdown of possible scenarios that would break bitAssets. 
@_date: 2015-02-15 23:19:50
Only if your trying to exit the system.  The counterparty risk is only for the duration of that transaction.  I think The  OP's point is that for all other trades(the vast majority) it can be done in a decentralized fashion where you are in control of your keys at ALL times.
Entering and exiting the crypto world into fiat is a different matter.
@_date: 2015-02-25 03:25:08
The primary risks I think are systemic and they're not far off from any other crypto. In many respects I feel these risk are lessened by this particular approach.  Which is not always immediately obvious.
I agree with your perspective on usability.  Bitshares still has a ways to go in that regard.  I wish I had greater design skills and I'd fix it myself.  It'll happen though.   
A very interesting discussion took place regarding the article you've referenced.  Dan Larimer and Vitalik are both on another level so much of it is over my head, but I'd encourage you to read over Dan's response and clarified solutions.
@_date: 2015-02-18 14:29:55
Post Mt Gox, Post BitStamp, Post BTER, etc. etc.
We, definitely should not be.
A new model of exchange is necessary.  Where the only time your funds are at risk, or under someone else's control, is for the brief and very occasional time you might want to EXIT the crypto world back into fiat.  Gateways of this sort would only be at risk for a matter of seconds to minutes while making this transfer.  For the remainder of all trading(the vast majority) there is no reason to use a centralized exchange.  *Decentralized exchanges can provide all the same services we get from BTER / BitStamp etc. with non of the associated risks.  Heists of this sort are not possible in a decentralized exchange.  We just have to use them and encourage the current exchanges to operate as Gateway services instead. 
@_date: 2015-02-22 18:16:52
Good stuff.  Are you affiliated with CoinSimple in any way?
I'd like to see them integrate bitAssets as well, a lot of merchants may want price stability but not want a 3rd party payment processor.  Especially services that utilize an escrow service where the payment is sitting in btc while waiting for the other party to deliver goods or service.
The article mentions integrating or assisting cannabis dispensaries... I think this would be a great application for bitUSD to guarantee a $ price. 
In case you don't know about bitAssets:
@_date: 2015-02-24 21:48:50
laptop is not going to amount to much.. You will likely just damage the thing with overheating.  Even if you're not paying electricity.  i don't think its worth it.
If you want to anyway.  Definately go with a pool, it doesn't make any sense to go solo.  You'll never earn anything, ever.
The best pool I'm aware of for script and x11 mining would be   0% fee and daily payouts to every account.  I believe it pays out in bUSD as well which is nice.  but again... you really need special hardware to make it worth your while.
@_date: 2015-03-19 21:00:52
Your probably right.  Its a little sad honestly.  Considering that we already have decentralized options for everything offered here (Gold, Silver, USD, EUR, CNY and every other major currency etc) Why take on the extra risk of trusting a 3rd party.  
@_date: 2015-02-23 18:30:51
I don't use BitReserve.  Its a centralized service with counter-party risk but good to see your adding options.  I was speaking about bitAssets from Bitshares.  They are completely decentralized with no counter-party.  
Thanks for the reply. : )  I'm very curious about your service and will look more into it.  A suggestion : the Bitshares blockchain can hire you or your developers to implement interoperability with Bitshares Market-Pegged-Assets,  to offset the cost of doing so.  Not sure if you're familiar with DPoS. Depending on how CoinSimple works (I'll have to look further :) because these assets pay interest, it can provide another income stream.
@_date: 2015-02-21 12:59:28
you said it.  If a government can't fund itself, what happens?
I may be jumping to the end result a bit, but I do believe that is the outcome.
@_date: 2015-02-21 23:12:44
If they are holding your coins, then there is a clear couter-party risk.  They can get hack, thier assets stolen or confiscated by law, who knows.  
A better option is to hold the coins yourself and trade and hedge on a decentralized exchange with Assets like bitGold , bitUSD, bitEUR, bitCNY etc.  
@_date: 2015-02-21 18:35:39


I agree, communication and understanding are complicated things.


I meant no offense or anything specifically to you.  In reading over all that I've said, i can't find any attack on you...  that happens, no worries.  
I could demand all the same to you, but I am in agreement, it will likely bare no fruit.  :    )
@_date: 2015-02-21 04:29:10
The infrastructure needn't be dismantled, it still works.  The overlords that bound you to their machinations need only be brought to light and swiftly ignored, their abject vacuous empire abandoned forever.  
We've already run off the cliff.  The collapse is coming, its baked into the cake.  The sooner we right ourselves each as sovereign lords, masters of our own material bodies, the greater chance we have of keeping our liberties in tact and saving the life of freedom its taken millennia to procure.
A war isn't necessary, no fighting needs to be done.  No bombs no destruction, no tearing down or collapsing.  Just walk away and reclaim your sovereignty, it can't be stopped now.  We finally have the necessary tools.
@_date: 2015-02-21 23:04:24


^that really is an essential moral ground for law.
We need a decentralized gaming DAC
I'm not sure if games like poker etc will be on PLAY   but I don't see why not.
@_date: 2015-02-19 15:26:58
First, thank you for the intelligent discussion.  Most people don't bother to even think and then rabble on about shill and scam, but you have taken the time.  Its appreciated : )
The example about failing greater than 67%, I wanted to clarify where he says "would have to fall by 67% in a market *where no one was willing to sell enough BitUSD* to allow all existing shorts to cover."   This  scenario would be highly profitable for any bitUSD holders and the motivation to sell bitUSD for BTS would be large,  Assuming one thing,  that BTS is not dead and a recovery is expected.  This scenario, where no one was willing to sell their bitUSD, is really only one where a security vulnerability is discovered in the underlying cryptography and the whole system is expected to be worthless.  Keep in mind that ALL crypto currencies have this very same risk and therefor would not be fair to single out BTS for this.
In the scenario above (assuming its just a price shock and not a security vulnerability, ie, not dead) the only real losers are the ones who went short on bitUSD (non-death blackSwan events are not socialized) because many shorts, to correct the now under collateralized positions, may have to cover their short below the pegged price.  bitUSD holders would still maintain their relative value and any who decided to sell their bitUSD win big as the price returns to the peg.
@_date: 2015-02-18 22:22:52
It is backed.  And by twice as much as any other option that I'm aware of.
I've seen all sorts of 100% backed by gold, or backed by such and such investor , or hedge fund, or firm.  what have you... 
An important distinction is that It doesn't actually matter *what it's back by, so long as its backing's *value is worth as much, or more than what is being represented or guaranteed.  Also its important that this backing can be easily traded for other standards of value like USD or Gold or Wheat or Bitcoin , etc.
bitUSD is backed with 200% to 300% value.  The measure of value in this case is the token for the system it runs on.  
If I were to say it is backed with 2 to 3 times the equivalent number of bitcoins equal to the value of bitUSD, is that sufficient backing?   
bitUSD is not fiat, but maintains the equivalent value, which is ultimately all that matters.  
@_date: 2015-02-20 15:39:07


It a loooong stretch to say it has 3rd parties.  You would have to say bitcoin has 3rd parties as well then.  In this case we are talking about the entire system being comprised of 3rd parties.(miners/delegates)
What I mean to say is that you control your keys and you don't have to trust any counter-party to guarantee your token, like you would with an IOU from a ripple gateway.  Your only trusting that the entire system works.
BitUSD is run on a *decentralized* ripple.  
@_date: 2015-02-20 15:07:36


I agree.  More reasons to stay in crypto if at all possible.
I don't think quarterly or yearly averages are suitable for most merchants.  Many must meet a certain $ value at the end of every month and it may cost them their entire business if the volatility is greater than some amount.  It makes sense to me to avoid all this.  If you can't take the risk of a changing bitcoin price and yet want to stay in the crypo world, use bitUSD.  No banks, no fiat involved, no 3rd party either.   bitUSD doesn't solve the fact that the merchant still has to pay the bills each month in fiat but its one step closer to ensure that he's got the funds to do it.   
@_date: 2015-02-20 14:29:28


or accept bitUSD and earn interest. 
 
@_date: 2015-02-22 15:11:01
If your mining, consider using the most profitable multipool.  0% fee and bonus payout on every account every day.  
@_date: 2015-02-21 12:56:58
I am a dreamer, and an idealist.  I could not be further from a hippie or communist.  
I think its established you are not providing anything.   It doesn't serve anyone to *claim* how much you know or how many truths your slinging.  When someone disagrees with you they are "deaf ears".  


There is one thing we agree on, but i suppose the terms we likely do not.
@_date: 2015-02-22 14:48:20
Why not start a poker DAC so this can't happen?
there's nothing to raid.
similar to what PLAY is doing. 
or work with PLAY, not sure how that works though.
@_date: 2015-02-21 03:45:41
governments are just made up of people.  Nothing says we need governments to provide these systems or services, just people.  
I think the gist of the quote is that these decentralized systems can exist outside the reach of the heavy, abusive, unjust, inefficient, corrupt hand of government until all such overreaching, violent, coercive, enslaving governing bodies die and crumble under there own blotted gluttonous zeal.  ;)
In most cases these systems will provide better service at a far greater savings.  They are vastly more efficient, fair, transparent and require little if any trust in anyone but yourself and the underlying system architecture.  
Here is one example:
@_date: 2015-02-19 17:21:35
They work together IMO.
Of course,  If *everyone* switched to digital-Bananas then we won't have either, but that's not going to happen. :)
Bitcoin is already used widely and Bitshares only adds funtcionality *on top* of Bitcoin.  They are not at odds with each other.   Primarily the advantage of the Bitshares platform is the decentralization of Bitcoin exchanges.  Bitcoin can only be further strengthened by the advancement of Bitshares.  Having the option to trade into bitGold, bitUSD , bitCNY, bitSilver etc without putting your coins at risk with a centralized service's IOU's is a great benefit to Bitcoin traders.
Its just one further step to not needing fiat at all.  
@_date: 2015-02-25 23:25:04


What about my dollar deposits?  I don't ultimately have control over those.  You could, however, use bUSD for that and operate a Gateway.  This would all but eliminate your users 3rd party concerns.
I use and prefer a Decentralized exchange for USD/BTC trading.  I can do the same thing with Gold and Silver.  
All I need are gateways to USD, Gold etc and I maintain control at all times over all assets and only have to trust a 3rd party for the time it takes to enter or exit the crypto world.
There are a few such gateways but there can always be more, and a brand with reputation and prominence such as CoinSetter will ultimately be the ones we trust to provide such gateway services.
Any chance you have made these considerations or care to speak to that?
How Market-Pegged Assets work: 
@_date: 2015-02-22 18:35:57
Sounds like he's already set up another site. Is it any different from his last, or all the same mistakes?
I'd like to see a poker DAC so even if he was in LasVegas, they couldn't seize anything or shut anything down.  In addition it just makes sense for the users to not have to trust a 3rd party with their funds.
PLAY is doing something like this: 
I'm not sure if they are going to have poker and other card games though.  Still being built.
@_date: 2015-02-23 18:00:07
I agree most alt coins offer nothing but a different name.  
Some actually offer quality, useful characteristics.  Like bitUSD, bitGold etc ..  Perhaps these may fit into some 'sidechain' catagory but honestly I don't know how that works, if it works..  I think its a little rash to say they're *all a distraction.
@_date: 2015-02-25 03:07:06
I'll have to look into it.  Thanks for the heads up. : )
@_date: 2015-02-22 23:46:55
Yes, I think its a fantastic idea on multiple levels.  First just the fact that its decentralized, but what really interests me is the attempt to draw in different communities.  Combining BitAssets from BitShares with Etherium is really whats peaked my interest.  There could be design aspects that I'm not too fond of or I really just don't understand well enough to comment but its very early.  I will be watching this develop.  
@_date: 2015-02-16 16:22:55
By system, I mean the crypto world.  So that includes bitcoin. 
 
Are you saying bitcoin is useless?
if bitcoin has use, then by extension(considering bitassets can be used anywhere bitcoin can be used), bitassets have use. In addition, apart from 'buying things'.  changing your risk exposure across different currencies is another use.  In fact consider the largest market on earth, the foreign exchange markets.  This market exists solely to change capital risk exposure from one currency to another and on average does around $4.7 Trillion worth of volume every single day.  I wonder if you consider this useless as well.
It may not be readily apparent, and understandable that you may be confused, but bitAssets are not IOU's.
@_date: 2015-02-24 21:43:24
I know of a few projects out there working on a bitcoin light wallet with an internal decentralized exchange rolled in.  Does kryptokit have any plans like this, where the user could simply drag and drop and move there bitcoins into bUSD bGold bSilver etc made possible with Bitshares bitAssets?   Not the ones with counter-party risk like locks or bitreserve etc.  Not interested in those.
@_date: 2015-02-20 20:29:39


The value of bitUSD is a feed price of actual USD, so the entire world(those who use US dollars) are setting the price.  It doesn't have anything to do with bitshares or bitcoin participants.  If your pricing it in BTS than that ratio is determined both by the BTS market and the worlds USD markets.
maybe this will help you understand how they work: 


Ripple relies on IOU's ... you have to trust gateways.  Bitshares has no IOU and requires no trust as such.
  
@_date: 2015-02-21 04:10:38
Your delusional if you think the FDA knows a crack for a hole in the ground, or whatever that expression is.(no offense) The government wants to prosecute me for crimes with no victim.  There are plenty of people with credentials I can elicit for information about drugs and doctors etc.  I don't need a dictatorial nanny to bind my hands.  Furthermore I am just fine to make my own decision about my own life, poison or not.
There is plenty of incentive to replace worthwhile services that people need.  A world without government is not a world without morals and justice.  What you fear is not a reasonable expected outcome.  Dissolving government wouldn't suddenly mean people don't want to get rid of trash or can't figure out the means to do so.  It wouldn't mean our desire to peacefully exist within a community would just evaporate and we all just start killing each other... the water would still run, the trash would get taken, the roads would get built, and our children would still get educated.   Government doesn't provide ANY of these things.  people do, and currently thanks to government they do it poorly.
@_date: 2015-02-20 14:42:58
Thats crazy!  although I understand the convenience if you don't have any fiat.
The better approach would obviously be for the merchant to have a 3rd party convert the Bitcoin to fiat and lock in the rate, or skip the 3rd party all together and just accept bitUSD or gold or whatever helps you sleep at night and not worry about changing prices.  In addition.  If he's so ultra concerned about saving pennies, bitUSD pays more interest than a bank for fiat deposits as well.
Maybe he doesn't want to use a payment processor because they harvest his information, block transactions, and otherwise control/monitor his private affairs.  Keeping it on the blockchain in a market-pegged asset like bitUSD would keep it in his hands, his control.
@_date: 2015-02-22 22:34:59
Yeah, I was literally just reading that on the bitshares forum.  Thanks.  That looks incredible.  Though I can't say I understand the architecture yet.  You should get Dan Larimer(Bytemaster) to review it as well.  I can't think of anyone more capable. 
@_date: 2015-02-15 23:25:22
Although disabled at the moment because of the BTER hack, using shapeshift.io You can buy anything you can with BTC.  Their shapeshift lens Tool states "Buy anything with your altcoins. Use the Shapeshift Lens to automatically pay any Bitcoin address with the altcoin of your choice."  
@_date: 2015-02-22 14:21:21
Thanks for the thoughtful reply.


Currently you can only issues bitUSD by locking BTS as collateral to ensure sufficient backing.  Soon I believe you will be able to issue bitUSD with other market-pegged assets.(secondary markets) not sure if this is what you mean though.


That's incorrect.  You can actually trade any Asset at any price above or below the feed(even without a feed).  Its completely without restriction.  Only New shorts issuing new assets are required to sell at the feed price.


All shorts are required to close their positions every 30 days thus generating monthly turnover liquidity.  In 30 days you are essentially guaranteed liquidity at 1 to 1. typically you will not have to wait anywhere near 30 days and liquidity improves as more people use it.


It is backed though, and by 200% to 300% collateral.  So long as BTS are convertible to fiat or bitcoin, gold,silver etc.  The argument of "not backed by *whatever*"  doesn't hold.  Its not immediately obvious I admit, similar to the "no intrinsic value" arguments against bitcoin.  Nothing has "intrinsic" value.   Anyway, It ultimately doesn't matter what something is backed by, so long as its liquid and there is some expectation that the backing will maintain enough collateral.  The Bitshares protocol enforces this. 
Hope that helps. : )  
@_date: 2015-02-24 21:57:34
Cool video. I'm not sure if your affiliated but anyway.
Have you considered accepting bGold and bSilver?  
As i understand it,  trading gold and silver is alot easier than other things.  Fewer regulations etc.  You'd be able to undercut the competition accepting bGold because you can earn interest on all your bGold and bSilver holdings... check it out.
Heres a more general description of how these market pegged assets work:
@_date: 2015-02-23 18:10:31
Zach Lym from Namecoin is working with the Bitshares team on a decentralized DNS and .p2p TLD as well as .bit .  There was recently a Dev hangout on mumble with Zach Lym where he discussed all these thing.  You can download it here: 
I was hoping to find a soundcloud version of this but I guess it hasn't been uploaded there yet.   
