@_author: xelif
@_date: 2014-05-03 09:14:55
I gave my patented* advice in a different reply to you, but I think we're on the same page.
\* Not patented, but if it were, it would be subject to patent for limited time, to secure to authors and inventors exclusive right to their work, to promote the progress of science and useful arts in the United States. See also: Article I, Section 8, Clause 8 of the United States Constitution, aka the "we don't give a shit about that silly old piece of paper, fuck yeah Mickey Mouse, may he never be public domain" clause.
@_date: 2014-02-21 19:44:39
Not really. I'm not looking for cryptocurrencies to replace traditional currencies, just to supplement them.
@_date: 2014-12-02 23:32:59
This already happens. For example, depending on your fame and number of Twitter followers, you can earn anywhere from a dollar to thousands of dollars for a tweet. (For example, a tweet from Tiki Barber to "promote your brand or business" will cost you [$2,000]( There's plenty of other athletes with that agency as well.)
There's certainly social marketing on reddit as well, just like on every social media platform.
@_date: 2014-05-15 10:27:47


It lends the colored coins (shares, contracts, whatever) the same level of trust as the Bitcoin blockchain.
That's all, really.
In your "centralized server that tracks transactions of your shares" example, the centralized server could be untrustable, whether because it's run by shady people or by technical vulnerability.
edit: not to mention that you might not be technically competent enough to set up and run such a server. If I'm a lingerie designer and I want to raise money to design some awesome new lingerie, there's no reason for me to get away from my core business to run a cryptocoin network.
@_date: 2014-12-02 23:36:18
Essentially, they have a very big bucket of money, and they make a number high-risk, high-reward investments. Odds are that on this or any other particular investment, Pantera won't see any meaningful returns (or indeed any returns at all); they bet that, of their many investments, a few net massive profit. 
@_date: 2014-05-03 09:33:37
He laughs at the Constitution!
must be a US Congressman. We'll have to bring out the heavy sorcery... *burns incense* I conjure and command you, show us your face!
Don't worry, dear bystanders, this room is littered with devil's traps. This one won't escape!
@_date: 2014-01-28 02:35:59
It's the lawyers' job to explain that to a jury.
Juries aren't *supposed* to be knowledgeable about the specifics of a case. In fact, the lawyers and judge try to make sure that nobody who's had too much experience with the subject matter is on the jury, because they might not be impartial mediators. Lawyers never make it onto juries; they know too much. There's an entire, complex selection process (voir dire) in which potential jurors are eliminated until the final jury is reached.
It's the jury's job to apply the law (as explained by the judge) to the facts of the case (as presented by the lawyers). It's the lawyers' job to help the jury understand WTF the case is about, as you put it.
In any case, this has nothing to do with jury trial. All I'm saying is that federal prosecutors are extraordinarily cautious when issuing criminal complaints, and that they make damn sure the facts are on their side. There's a reason that the federal conviction rate in criminal cases is a staggering 99% (97% accept a guilty plea; of the remaining 3%, two-thirds are convicted at trial) - federal prosecutors do a very good job of ensuring they only issue complaints in cases they are confident they can win at trial.
Again, contrast state prosecutors and state courts, which handle the vast majority of US criminal cases. State prosecutors range from being as stringent as the feds, to average, to downright corrupt and extortionist.
@_date: 2014-06-17 15:54:32
Why does it even matter? What's the upside for them to answer the question?
If they don't hold substantial BTC, the extremist set here criticizes them for being insufficiently zealous.
If they do hold substantial BTC, they make themselves a target for computer criminals.
@_date: 2014-01-04 06:20:04
Two for rape, one for slavery.
Both are lagging well behind "theft" and references to sinister "men with guns".
No fascism yet, seems the crazies are slacking tonight.
@_date: 2014-08-24 12:10:16
...If Bitcoin Isn't Real...
Jayden Smith aside, miners are middlemen. They take the transaction fee (and block reward, which is a hidden fee on all BTC holdings) in order to process your transactions. No miners, no Bitcoin, no transaction.
Now, we might think miners are way better middlemen than PayPal or credit card companies or Western Union, and they might offer a very attractive value proposition... but they're still middlemen.
"wealth returned to the people" is incredibly misleading; most of those fees and rewards are going to mining conglomerates who have invested hundreds of thousands into mining operations, not to the average Joe who sometimes connects his home PC to p2pool and gets a few mBTC here and there.
@_date: 2014-09-06 00:42:16
[Here's a better place to ask](
@_date: 2014-03-02 04:06:58
It's a food bank, bro. I doubt they have the money or the inclination to "shill"  or do "PR work" on reddit.
In any case, even if they do, *it's still a fucking food bank*. It's a good cause. It's not like this thread is PR for EvilMegaCorp Inc. or something like that. Cool your jets and let them have a moment in the sun, whether it's due to good PR work or truly viral marketing.
@_date: 2014-05-25 18:19:44


Nah, it was all handled relatively above-board.
American PokerStars players got their money as soon as Stars worked out an agreement with the US government to clear their name. It went relatively quickly and smoothly.
Full Tilt Poker players, on the other hand, faced more difficulties, and it took over a year for them to get payments. This had less to do with the US government and more to do with fraud on FTP's side; Full Tilt wasn't holding all player funds in escrow like it was supposed to, so the money to repay American (and non-American) players simply wasn't there. Eventually, PokerStars agreed to buy Full Tilt and inject sufficient capital to repay all players as part of the deal with the US government to dismiss all charges. Most US players got most of their money back only recently, after a very long wait.
@_date: 2014-05-03 08:45:11
I assume this is a response to:


Did you mention "alternative news" in your title? Or did you intentionally promote your subreddit as a standard news subreddit?
@_date: 2014-03-02 04:02:53
If the system works as intended: MtGox files bankruptcy, an investigation is conducted, the company goes into receivership, and MtGox's assets (hopefully including these large wallets) are distributed among its creditors (in this case, customers).
Or whatever the appropriate response to the situation is. We don't even know what the situation is.
I will be waiting with bated breath to see how many of our resident principled anarcho-capitalists reject this immoral government seizure and redistribution of private property and refuse to take their BTC or dollars back.
@_date: 2014-01-21 01:50:53
Hmm. But the protocol can be (benignly) altered during official updates, right?
(Also, if you hold 90% of the mining power and you change the rules... who's to say which network is "real" and which is not? Both the 90% with the changed rules and the 10% with the unchanged rules are based off the same block chain... right? Wouldn't it be more "whoever is recognized as legitimate by the market is the real network"?)
@_date: 2014-02-27 23:46:17
The other simpler explanation is that there is neither massive conspiracy nor massive fraud; Mark K and pals fucked up big time in some way or another and didn't want to admit it, and now they're scrambling around to come up with a solution and don't want to admit it until they can say "see, we fixed everything, here's your money!". A simple combination of pride and stupidity, two things that can be found in great abundance in the Bitcoin community. Or, really, any community.
In this scenario, the big chunks of customer BTC are sitting there untouched because they're, well, big chunks of customer BTC.
Not ruling out law enforcement involvement, but less in the "grand bourgeois conspiracy to stamp out the heroic struggle of the cryptotariat" way, and more in the "MtGox's lawyers have advised them to STFU and fix everything, because a lawyer's first advice is *always* to STFU".
@_date: 2014-01-27 19:14:09
Federal prosecutors generally don't file charges unless they *know* they have enough proof to build a solid case and get a conviction in court if necessary. That's just how they do business. It's especially true when talking about criminal complaints.
The facts as reported in the criminal complaint, while *technically* still "alleged", are virtually guaranteed to be 100% true and actual facts. The Feds run a tight ship.
If this were some state deputy attorney general, you'd have a better case for being careful about calling the facts mere allegations. But a federal prosecutor? Nah, the facts are pretty much gospel at this point. Mr. Shrem is going to prison, because Mr. Shrem is apparently an idiot.
@_date: 2014-07-31 17:40:13
If the apocalypse actually comes, there's no way I'm trading you useful shit for shiny pieces of metal. I'll keep my useful shit until order is restored, thank you very much. After order is restored, your shiny pieces of metal will keep on being volatile investments for suckers.
Might sell you some baseball cards, though... do you know what kind of market there will be for a Griffey Jr. rookie card after the recovery?!? You'd be a fool not to buy - in fact, it's crazy to even think about selling! ^(that will be 50% more shinies please, my crazy neighbor is selling milk)
@_date: 2014-02-21 06:45:54
Efficient, secure, cash-like transactions online. That's all. No politics to it.
The last bit seems to boggle minds around here.
@_date: 2014-08-05 08:15:56
Hopefully reputable Bitcoin types don't tarnish the community's reputation by associating with an ultra-right-wing conspiracy theory nut job.
@_date: 2014-01-04 06:30:34
I'm not quite sure what the issue is, since you're not describing a situation where a tax is incurred.
@_date: 2014-05-31 11:52:21
dying of hunger delights him
fetishes these days...
@_date: 2014-11-16 00:02:08




From [just above this chain in this thread](
When you go around spouting crap like "monetary faith system" and "fiat money is the single largest system of faith", you do come across as some sort of weird edgy version of a goldbug, with less "Obama is a Muslim atheist commie".
Putting it in the context of 'after I became enlightened by my own intelligence I realized that the entirety of modern economic science is a sham just like religion is!' makes it... cringe-worthy.
@_date: 2014-04-16 19:35:47
...please tell me Poe's law is in effect here...
@_date: 2014-05-03 08:31:02
Holy spam, Batman!
This is actually good news! We're so important that spammers are commenting in our subreddit!
edit: 
@_date: 2014-09-24 02:43:43
Cool deal. I used to play very regularly, for a while before Black Friday it was my primary source of income.
Nowadays not so much. My local casino is juicy, so I'd like to start back up again...
I mostly point out stuff like that on the ol' xkcd "ten thousand" theory.
@_date: 2014-04-16 19:33:15
Never said I wanted an expansive government.
@_date: 2014-06-14 19:35:32
The Bitcoin developers are still... people too.
Yet we implicitly trust them absolutely, even though there are large and obvious incentives for "regulatory capture" or outright corruption.
@_date: 2014-04-16 17:39:15
You're free to move to a libertarian paradise if you'd like. I hear Somalia is nice this time of year.
Can't promise you won't be violently coerced into doing things against your will, but I can promise that when it happens, no pesky police will show up to stop it!
Make sure you move to the correct part of Somalia, though. The northern half of the country has a functioning government and is perfectly safe; that's no fun. You'll know you're in the correct part of Somalia when the guys in a truck with AK-47s - err, the private security force - come to collect your *completely voluntary* security fee.
@_date: 2014-06-26 18:11:38
Why don't you do some research on what "legal personhood" *actually* means and come back later.
Hint: the Supreme Court didn't rule that a corporation is a "legal person" - that was already the law. *Citizens United* simply ruled that certain campaign finance restrictions were unconstitutional restrictions on free speech. 
@_date: 2014-05-03 09:08:46
Hey, I'm a reasonable person. All I ask for is honesty.
Think of all the dishonesty we're subject to. Advertising. Politicians. Corporate promises. The FCC saying one thing and doing another. We live our lives constantly bombarded by dishonesty from all directions.
Wouldn't you like to be part of the change - the real change? Create a culture where we can speak our true feelings? Create a culture where you don't have to be dishonest to profit? Create a culture where bait-and-switch for the purpose of getting those precious page views is seen as reprehensible, not as a *de rigeur* tactic?
I know you do (or at least I hope you do). Join with me in committing to honesty. When they say "truth in advertising", let's be confident that it actually means *truth* in our advertising. Let's not bait redditors with vague promises of "important and relevant news", let's put our hearts out there and tell the world what we truly stand for.
That's honesty. That's what I'm for.
edit: others may upvote other comments in this thread because of visibility. Some of those comments may have been good, some may have been misguided. But this is the crown jewel of my contributions; my other comments are mostly bitching and/or conversation with while this actually expresses a deeper philosophical point. I'd prefer if this is the most visible comment of mine in this thread, but I can't control the people any more than anyone else can.
@_date: 2014-12-02 06:46:10
What do you think will happen if the owners of 15% of Bitcoin all try to sell at the same time?
At least with banks in the US (and I assume other western countries) there is deposit insurance, and you will get your money back up to some rather high limit ($100k? $250k? I forget, my net worth does not have that many digits). If there's a BTC market panic and you have your savings in BTC, you can say goodbye to the majority of that money until some unknown point in the future that may or may not arrive.
@_date: 2014-08-24 09:14:19




I guess miners don't real?
@_date: 2014-11-19 07:52:46
Think naughtier.
Bits4Bits: peer-to-peer pornography.
A simple swipe interface, like Tinder.
Vendors-users may upload dirty pics; they are strongly encouraged to have a PG pic as their "portrait" that is seen when swiped through. The dirty pics are locked up.
Users swipe through, find someone they like, and pay a small tip to unlock the dirty pics. (The tip goes to a one-time-use wallet, which splits off a nominal service fee and shoots the remainder off to the vendor-user's wallet.)
The problems, because all great ideas come with problems:
* Ensuring that the unlockable pics are indeed dirty pics appropriately linked to the user. Trolls will create an account with a busty blonde as the portrait and lemonparty as the unlockable pics; it is inevitable. Going through each and every pic would be difficult; if it must be done, you'd have to either hire someone to look at porn all day (okay, not so difficult) or contract it out to a micro-workers site. You could contract it out to the users instead, with a report-and-refund mechanism, but making your users into your moderators kills the user experience - nobody wants their personal time interrupted with goatse!
* Child porn. Like trolling, it will happen. Age verification is already difficult to reliably implement for users of porn sites - and as far as I know that operates by a "reasonable effort" standard, i.e. if a 16 year old defeats your suitably strong age verification mechanism, you won't be held liable. But now you've got a bunch of vendor-users who need to be verified as well. We want to lower the bar to entry as much as possible, so things like "fax us 3 forms of ID and 4 copies of recent bills" are out. However, child porn laws obey the strictest liability in the land; if a 17 year old sends in phony age verification, we're still liable for distributing child porn. I'm curious as to whether there are technical mechanisms to disavow responsibility for the content. SnapChat is probably the world's foremost "distributor" of child porn (in the form of horny 16 year olds sexting each other); how do they deal with it?
@_date: 2014-04-11 03:17:32
I haven't the faintest clue how Bitcoin is supposed to bring "less wars, more freedom, less poverty".
As far as I can tell, Bitcoin or no Bitcoin, people are still going to be cunts to one another.
(note: I didn't downvote you)
@_date: 2014-06-21 04:14:59
Which is absolutely fine, IMO. There's room for Bitcoin-enabled payment processors. It still retains the cash-like characteristics of Bitcoin: near-instant payment on both sides of the transaction, no chargebacks possible.
Sure, Coinbase is a middleman, but let's be practical here - many if not most BTC users gain from using a middleman, both in convenience and in security. If you want to achieve Coinbase-like qualities without Coinbase, you essentially have to build your own mini-Coinbase from scratch. That's a heavy ask for someone who may not be technologically adept, and it goes against the "your business should do what your business does best" paradigm - does a business in, say, bicycle retailing really want to devote time and effort to building an in-house Bitcoin payments system that will end up worse than what Coinbase offers?
(I hope it's obvious that dealing with BTC manually - "you send from your wallet to my wallet" - scales up terribly.)
@_date: 2014-05-03 10:14:04
In terms of the average wage of social media consultants to Fortune 1000 firms, Bitcoin is up 75% compared to the dollar!
This is actually good news!
@_date: 2014-09-24 01:46:13
That's a string bet, you angle-shooter! :p
(If you were actually playing poker in a casino and said that line, the dealer would enforce a call, as that was the first action you declared. The intent is to limit angle-shooting - if it were allowed, you could say "I see your $50...", judge your opponent's reaction, then continue "...and raise to $150". Or not, depending on the reaction.)
@_date: 2014-08-05 08:19:41
He's a climate change denier, a 9/11 "truther", and a "birther".
...that's three moronic views for the price of one!
@_date: 2014-04-11 03:41:52
I'm pretty sure people were killing each other in an organized fashion quite fine before all of those things came to be.
@_date: 2014-02-28 03:38:08


The entire federal court system, from districts all the way to the Supremes, just got aroused at the prospect of smacking down this blatant abuse of power.
@_date: 2014-04-11 14:42:23
No, I'm not "investing" in BTC. I *use* BTC sometimes.
I don't think you have to be an investor or user to comment on in any case.
@_date: 2014-01-04 06:28:57
If you want to make it *really* complicated, you can look at the intersection of Bitcoin and poker.
To be fair, most of the complication is on the poker side; the way the IRS handles gambling income is stupid, inane, imposes an undue burden on taxpayers, and is altogether fucked.
@_date: 2014-01-21 01:07:59
I'm actually curious - to what extent could, say, the four largest mining pools - [which control ~75% of hashing power]( - make changes to Bitcoin?
We know that they would essentially control the block chain, and could fork the block at will to do various things (double spend)... but to what extent could they change the Bitcoin *protocol itself*?
@_date: 2014-07-31 17:48:50
IMHO, if gold still has value, fiat currency still has value.
If it's come to the point where fiat currency is most useful as a fire starter, gold won't help you much either. If you're counting on your shinies to buy you survival, hopefully your community is welcoming and understanding.
Obviously a localized hyper-inflationary event is the exception, but you're hedging against a very particular and unlikely risk in that case. The only world-class economy we've seen hyper-inflation in is post-WW1 Germany, and that was only for a short period of time during a very particular combination of events unlikely to occur again within our lifetimes (war debt + weak government + poor monetary + worldwide depression). Beyond that, we have what, Zimbabwe and Argentina?
@_date: 2014-05-26 02:49:01
How robust is the system?
Do colored coins explicitly carry the necessary information for some arbitrary holder to know what his colored coins are? For example, say I color a satoshi for 1 oz of palladium I have stored in my home safe. That satoshi gets shuffled around, sent around, packaged with some other colored coins, and eventually ends up in your wallet. Now, you don't know me - you don't even know what the colored coin is. Does the colored coin have enough information attached that you a) know you own a claim on 1 oz of palladium and b) are able to redeem that claim, should you choose to?
Can colored coins be split? Say I give you a colored coin that represents something arbitrarily divisible - I dunno, $10,000. I guess I could send you 10,000 satoshis each representing $1, but that runs into two problems - 10,000 satoshis has actual value in and of itself, and what if you want to send a friend about $3.50? It seems more natural for colored coins to be able to be split. But on the flip side, for colored coins representing something that cannot be split - say, the title to my car - there has to be something to prevent illogical splitting. (You might say that it's fine to allow them to be split in that case, there's no reason someone can't own 5% of my car - but what happens when that person shows up at my front door demanding his share of my car?)
Do colored coins allow arbitrary information to be carried along? Say you loan me $1000, and I send you a colored coin representing my $1000 repayment in exchange. However, we've negotiated repayment terms - the repayment is to be $100 per month for 11 months. Will that information be transmitted if you sell the coin to someone else? And, for that matter, is there any good way to actually distribute the $100 per month proportionally to all holders of my debt?
@_date: 2014-05-03 08:59:57
Eh, the more I think about it, the more I think you're in a difficult place and you just chose to go about promotion incorrectly. I just responded to you with a suggestion for a better, more honest, title to promote your subreddit.
I have nothing against your subreddit. I disagree with your views, but reddit is a place for people of all views to have a conversation.
What happened was:
* I noticed your spammy-titled submission in the promotion bar on * I responded assuming the spammy title indicated spam.
* You responded, so I reviewed your post history and concluded it's not spam, it's self-promotion - or, rather, promotion of a new subreddit that you yourself created. Close enough in my book. Note that I think self-promotion is awesome if you do it honestly.
* Now we're having a conversation. I acknowledge that I was hasty in forming a judgment, but I think I have a pretty good handle on what's going on.
Sound good?
@_date: 2014-05-20 04:35:37
It's real, but not a concern. Someone would have to specifically target the copier you used and have a chunk of unrestricted physical access to it.
There's a line between security and paranoia, and worrying that your paper wallet might be stolen from the memory of your local library or copy shop's copier is on the wrong side of that line.
@_date: 2014-05-26 04:38:16
Ah, sorry.
But again, that was because they were insolvent, right?
The entire point of this conversation is that suggested that on Black Friday, poker player money disappeared into some nebulous US government sinkhole. My rebuttal is that, no, the money disappeared into the poker sites' pockets well before Black Friday; Black Friday only brought the issue to light, because it both caused a run on the poker sites and spurred closer scrutiny of their books.
I agree that the entire case was bullshit. Because federal law doesn't actually criminalize what the poker sites were doing, Preet Bharara, the US Attorney for the Southern District of New York, constructed a case based on New York law and basically used the weight of his office to force the sites into settlements.
Interestingly, Antigua and Barbuda won monetary damages from the US in a WTO case in 2003, and continues to press claims related to Black Friday, because allowing domestic gambling while prohibiting international gambling is illegal protectionism under WTO regulations. Antigua is already entitled to $21 million per year that the US continues to ban online poker under the 2003 ruling; the US has not paid up. Shocking!
edit: because the US has not paid up, Antigua won a further ruling authorizing sanctions against the US, in the form of suspended intellectual property rights. My understanding is that Antigua reserves the right to legally manufacture and export pharmaceuticals that are patented in the US and otherwise protected by international law. All because Congress is full of backwards old men. (Oddly enough, poker cuts across party lines - Rep. Barney Frank was one of the most liberal Democrats in Congress, and Sen. John Kyl was one of the more conservative Republicans, but they were both in favor of legalizing online poker under a reasonable regulatory regime, and worked together in fruitless attempts to get it past Congress.)
@_date: 2014-10-15 17:40:55
Nah, this thread is the pinnacle of perfection for karma-gathering titles. No other thread can hope to come close.
OP won reddit.
@_date: 2014-10-30 18:58:35
In this context "private sector" means "for-profit sector".
@_date: 2014-06-13 00:06:27
Anarcho-capitalists make the Koch brothers look like proper social democrats.
@_date: 2014-02-20 22:08:40
First, FDIC insurance is available to all banks, whether it's a big one like Chase or BoA, or your local Podunk First National Bank that boasts three branches in the area.
Second, banks pay insurance premiums based on their risk pool for FDIC deposit insurance. They don't "profit off of high regulation"; I'm sure any banker would privately prefer not to pay insurance premiums to insure against a highly unlikely event.
Third, deposit insurance benefits everyone by increasing confidence in the ability of banks to pay depositors, and thus mitigating runs on the banks as a systemic risk to the financial system. A run on the banks was the opening act of the Great Depression. Nobody wants another Great Depression.
Fourth, traditional banking (writing loans against deposits) isn't even notably profitable. It's a low-risk, low-margin business. The owner of Podunk First National Bank might drive a Mercedes and live in a nice house, but he's not going to be going to his private Caribbean island aboard his pleasure yacht any time soon.
@_date: 2014-04-11 01:31:12
If you're doing it for that reason, then the price is irrelevant. If you put $10,000 in BTC to stick it to the man because you are a True Believer, it doesn't matter if the price tomorrow is $1000 or $0.01.
That's great for you and all, but realize that there's a lot of people who don't share those views. I'm not a True Believer, I think the Fed is an important part of the economy, that there's absolutely nothing wrong with fiat money and fractional-reserve banking, and that BTC is interesting purely for the peer-to-peer electronic transfer part. (You'd be surprised at how difficult this is for some to grasp. I've been told that it's *exclusively* libertarians who hold BTC. When I said that I hold BTC and I'm nowhere near libertarian, through some contorted logic the person in question concluded that I must be wrong about my own political views.)
@_date: 2014-09-05 23:37:34
Who knows. How is it relevant to anything?
@_date: 2014-05-03 08:42:53
It popped up in the little top portion of my front page that sometimes has ads and sometimes has random shit, and looked like spam.
I'll admit, I was very hasty. It's actually self-promotion. Hey everyone, read my subreddit where I post things!
@_date: 2014-03-17 03:00:06
I guess that brings up an interesting question. What's the difference between starting up a crypto-currency and starting up a tech company? Nobody's outraged that Facebook made Mark Zuckerburg rich.
Identify a market opportunity, create a solution, persuade others to adopt that solution. That describes both cases equally well. Why do entrepreneurs get to take a profit in one but not the other?
@_date: 2014-07-31 17:43:53
If you can still talk about Bitcoin TO THE MOON on reddit, is it *really* the Collapse?
I'd argue that as long as the Internet is operational, we're fundamentally fine. If you can still access the compendium of all humankind's knowledge from the comfort of your own home for a modest price, things are still gravy. 
@_date: 2014-05-04 23:45:27
I've always pronounced it "dōj", mostly because that's how the word "doge" (an elected princely ruler of a medieval Italian republic) is pronounced in English. (In Italian it's roughly "doe-jay.")
@_date: 2014-05-03 08:41:18
Let's be entirely fair.
I just skimmed your (short) reddit comment history. It does look like you are honest... but advertising your Brand New! subreddit on and is not a good look, you know? Looks like you're driving traffic and nothing more.
For others reading - I clicked through a good number of the videos he's linked to, and they're all from different authors - there's no signs that is actually a traditional spammer. Instead, we'll call it blatant self-promotion. It's actually good news that the ~~first~~ second place self-promoters come is Also, he does have an agenda. It appears to be broadly anti-government, anti-authoritarian, but in a very traditional (left-)anarchist way. Correct me if I'm wrong, @_date: 2014-04-16 17:28:00
Or you could just pay your taxes like everyone else.
@_date: 2014-08-05 09:56:37
...please tell me [Poe's law]( is in effect here...
@_date: 2014-11-21 10:06:22




@_date: 2014-06-12 23:14:59
It's always been that way. It's only recently that anarcho-capitalist screeds are *not* invariably the top post in every thread.
@_date: 2014-12-09 00:57:03
This goes back to the old "sophisticated hardcore Bitcoin activist" vs. "everyday casual user" thing.
Of course the technically adept user who has certain philosophical beliefs regarding money, the financial system, etc. finds it both trivial and beneficial to store BTC "at home" in a technically secure way. Since the user is motivated by those philosophical beliefs rather than the advantages in convenience given by Bitcoin, the loss in convenience by using an "at home" hot/cold wallet system is not a problem.
Unfortunately, there is a tendency for some of these adept users to insist that everyone ought to do it their way, sometimes by assuming that others share those philosophical beliefs and so have the same priorities (hint: they don't).
This leads to a lot of poor consequences, such as the rampant victim-blaming that goes on here and in other Bitcoin communities.
The everyday casual user is interested in the convenience of Bitcoin. The everyday casual user is unlikely to have a strong background in computer security and technology; this user likely hasn't the faintest clue how Bitcoin actually works in a technical sense. For this user, it's not trivial to store BTC "at home" in a secure cold/hot wallet system; since they lack the philosophical motivation to do so and are using Bitcoin for its convenience, they are unlikely to find any reason for learning the appropriate way to store BTC "at home" - there's simply no gain in it for them. For this user, a convenient online "cloud" wallet system just makes more sense.
Instead of calling for everyone to store BTC "at home", perhaps it might be better to highlight cloud wallets that have good, proven security features, so that those who aren't interested in spinning their own wallets have some idea of which services are best to use?
@_date: 2014-05-03 08:53:58
It's "not a good look" because it's blatant self promotion.  Let's be honest: the majority of your posts on reddit are submissions to your own subreddit. You are promoting it here with a title that suggests that your subreddit is a neutral forum for collecting contemporary news videos, yet your submissions to your own subreddit heavily suggest that you are promoting a political agenda.
Don't play us for fools.
Resubmit with something like "Anarchists support Bitcoin too! Help us challenge people with real news at - let's shrug off the shackles of government together!" Be honest. That's all I ask.
You did get me. I was very hasty in calling you a "spammer". Sorry about that.
quick edit: vastly improved the proposed title (imo)
@_date: 2014-01-17 19:16:50
I would imagine he's asking "does the FBI have the private keys?"
@_date: 2014-05-26 17:39:23
Occam's Razor isn't even applied very well.
The classic case would be something like this: you are presented with two theories that explain a phenomenon equally well. Theory A postulates the existence of Particle X to explain the phenomenon. Theory B postulates the existence of Particle X, as well as Particle Y, Particle Z, and uncharged massless magical fairies. In the absence of additional evidence that suggests the existence of Y/Z/fairies, we should prefer Theory A.
The razor is supposed to eliminate superfluous variables.
It doesn't necessarily work well in cases like this, where the variables are disjoint and we can't clearly point to one or more that are obviously superfluous.
@_date: 2014-01-04 06:43:53
You don't understand that this is not I suggest you go circle-jerk there.
@_date: 2014-05-25 19:59:16
I'll be honest, I didn't follow the details of the Great FTP Repayment - was it only a partial refund?
Edited to more clearly reflect reality.
The broader point still stands - the lost money wasn't at the hands of the US government. It was mishandled by Full Tilt Poker before the US government even got involved. Black Friday and the ensuing events only brought FTP's financial issues to the surface.
The Full Tilt situation was actually a bit like the Mt.Gox situation. Player/investor funds were supposed to be held in escrow; FTP/Mt.Gox failed to do so; player/investor funds disappeared. 
@_date: 2014-06-25 18:09:21
If you put a paper wallet and a flash drive wallet in a vault for a hundred years, I would vote "your vault now contains mildly interesting paraphernalia of that ancient first-gen Bitcoin system". 
@_date: 2014-01-04 07:35:09


Not at all. I'd dare say *most* Bitcoin users have zero interest in topping the Fed, ending the dollar, undermining the government, and bringing about the glorious libertarian utopia where all the women are strong, all the men are good-looking, and all the children are above average. 
I'm interested in Bitcoin for its technical achievements - a low-friction medium of exchange without middlemen, or Internet cash. I like universal single-payer health care. The two are utterly unrelated.
I used to be a medium-core libertarian before I discovered the entire thing is a crock of horseshit. (Medium-core because of the roads. Oh, the roads. I supported public roads as a natural function of a very minimal government funded by land taxes. Apparently that made me a fascist.)
@_date: 2014-02-20 22:11:55
How dare you question the anarcho-capitalist utopian paradise. You'll be receiving your fine from my private court soon, delivered by my private security firm, who will gladly collect the fine on the spot for your convenience. (Don't worry, the automatic weapons are just for their own protection.)
@_date: 2014-11-02 02:23:42
ffs I proposed this way before whoever's pushing it now
Somebody else probably proposed it before me, though. It's not an amazingly unique concept.
@_date: 2014-11-21 10:09:15
That threw me too. How can I acquire a warm satoshi? Are warm satoshis worth more or less than cold satoshis? What is the heat capacity of a satoshi - how many satoshis do I need to, say, warm up my hands? Can satoshis be warmed in environmentally friendly ways?
@_date: 2014-01-21 00:58:48
It's much less interesting when you realize that Mr. Velde was giving valid criticism, and Ms. Reisenwitz used that as a jumping-off point for a half-crazed tirade that didn't really have much to do with Mr. Velde's statement.
Here's the statement quoted in the article:


Let's break it down.


Sounds spot-on. Some of it is. Some of it isn't.


Sounds valid. Does anyone *really* know what the far-reaching implications of Bitcoin becoming a major world currency are? No. Some people seem to think that it will bring about the Libertarian Paradise Utopia where 100% of people are happy, healthy, and wealthy, but I'm inclined to dismiss them out of hand, because their views are not supported by the majority of political science, psychology, and economics scholarship, and Bitcoin isn't inconsistent with government anyways. So, I'd agree that it's hard to imagine that world - we can only make educated guesses about what that world is like!


Completely true, if you ask me. Bitcoin is based on some very complicated mathematical concepts. How many people in the world do you think even understand public-key cryptography - 50,000? 100,000? There are probably more economists out there than cryptographers. Now reflect that public-key cryptography is only *part* of the Bitcoin protocol - I don't think it's even the most complex part. I have a general understanding of the concept of public-key cryptography, I've read multiple explanations of how Bitcoin works, but I still don't really fully understand the technical details - if I had to explain Bitcoin to someone else I'd have to hand-wave significant parts of what makes Bitcoin work.


Oh, come on, this isn't even an argument. The ghash.io panic was just last week, for goodness' sake! Ms. Reisenwitz's response ("No one controls Bitcoin... its operations are decentralized over thousands of computers, with no one computer or group of computers having any control whatsoever") is patently false. The majority of hashing power has absolute control over Bitcoin; right now, [the two largest pools, ghash.io and BTC Guild, control 60% of the hashing power]( If the folks who control those pools theoretically got together and decided to do Bad Stuff, it would ridiculously destabilize Bitcoin at best.
Also reflect that the Bitcoin protocol itself is controlled by a very small group of developers. Who controls the developers? Who has the most influence with them? Ms. Reisenwitz goes on a tangent about whatever-coin forks that has nothing to do with Bitcoin, and suggests that because anyone can fork Bitcoin (true), anyone can change or manipulate the Bitcoin protocol to "create new currencies, or entirely new solutions, at will" (so misleading as to be false; Dogecoin is a fork of a fork of Bitcoin, but Dogecoin doesn't have *wow so control, much influential* over Bitcoin; the two are completely separate). 


This is also true. Who are the developers accountable to? No idea, but they're very vulnerable to regulatory capture by the largest mining pools. Who are the controllers of the largest mining pools accountable to? Their pool members, whose self-interest may or may not align with what's best for the Bitcoin economy (see also: much foot-dragging over decreasing the default transaction fee after the latest massive increase in BTC value).
I'm not sure what Mr. Velde meant exactly by "arbitration or recourse". Ms. Reinowitz picked an interpretation she wanted to talk about, much as she did in the rest of the article. 
**tl;dr: even though economist Mr. Velde wasn't attacking Bitcoin, hard-core libertarian predictably takes available opportunity to criticize the Fed and extol the virtues of Bitcoin while playing fast and loose with facts**
@_date: 2013-11-17 02:05:14
Why not just spend dollars? Why go to the extra step of converting your dollars to Bitcoin (which costs money and takes time)?
@_date: 2013-12-19 02:46:24
Everyone knows you have to Martingale it!
@_date: 2013-11-19 00:01:39
I hear Satoshi is the one who let the dogs out.
@_date: 2013-12-29 07:09:27


That's descending into conspiracy theory.
In reality, stuff (including oil) is bought and sold in US dollars because people have a reasonable expectation they can turn around and either use those US dollars to buy more things, or can convert into a different currency easily and cheaply because USD/XXX is a very liquid market for most currencies.
(This isn't exclusive to US dollars, it applies to euro, Japanese yen, British pounds... any currency that's used in international trade.)
Just because you want the "fiat currency is aggression!" thing to be true doesn't make it true :)
@_date: 2013-11-23 01:14:34


It still boggles me that this is actually considered an acceptable solution by the Bitcoin community.
It's a kludge.
Someone who figures out how to make Bitcoin both secure and easy to use, at the same time, is going to make metric fucktons of money.
@_date: 2013-12-06 09:49:46
A 100% risky free transaction, at that.
@_date: 2013-11-11 20:05:24
It's somewhere between difficult and impossible to withdraw USD from MtGox, so USD essentially trades at a discount there.
That's pretty much it.
edit: there's also a massive spread between USD/BTC and RMB/BTC, but since Chinese involvement in Bitcoin came along so suddenly and rapidly, I'm sure part of it is practical - it takes time to set up an international arbitrage operation.
@_date: 2013-11-10 04:17:29
Where does this magic occur?
@_date: 2013-11-15 23:54:21


1. Is this even true? Could you explain for me the proposed system, and how it would cause this to happen?
2. Isn't it my responsibility to reject black-market coins, especially if there are easy and free systems to determine if they are black-market? Why would I accept black-market coins to begin with?
@_date: 2013-11-23 01:56:57
So that this simple peasant may be educated before he speaks, what will the price be when it's out, O Wise Master?
@_date: 2013-11-25 06:31:17
Woohoo, he can be among the town elders in Valentine, Nebraska, Gateway to... some lake that has fish in it...  and some hills that have cows on them.
If you want to live care-free in Valentine, Nebraska, Gateway to Fish Lake and Cow Hills, your best bet is to buy either land adjoining the lake with fish in it, or land containing the hills with cows on them.
I mean, you could buy the nicest house in Valentine, Nebraska, but then you'd be working at the front desk of the nicest Motel 6 in Valentine, Nebraska, to pay your living expenses.
To put it in real life terms: a friend of mine grew up poor, but grew up in a rich neighborhood. He and his mom lived in a mansion, generously bought by his rich aunt. However, his mom had to pay the bills on her own. They had a few days a year when they could afford to run the heat in winter (in eastern Washington). They could make ends meet off his mom's meager income. That's about it.
@_date: 2013-12-06 07:10:08
Yes, it's commonplace. Checks can actually take quite a while to clear.
@_date: 2013-11-23 03:34:53
FWIW I wasn't making some pedantic point about the meaning of "today" in my comment, it was actually more referencing the recent volatility of Bitcoin.
I implicitly assumed that Trezor was priced when 1 BTC = ~$300 USD. 
It's $800 today.
Who knows what it will be next month. $2000? $200? $20? Probably (hopefully!) not the latter...
@_date: 2013-12-05 23:46:56


And yet the Bitcoin echo chamber promotes the opposite. Bitcoin was, is, and will always be seriously undervalued. 
Kind of like houses in 2005. The fair value is 50% more than whatever the market rate is today.
@_date: 2013-11-15 19:53:00
I use MultiBit, create a new wallet, send coins that I am storing to it, and encrypt the wallet using a strong password. (Not anything ridiculous for the password, just a typical strong password - a long phrase that contains uppercase, lowercase, numbers, and special symbols, but is also memorable. The sort of password you'd use for sensitive stuff like banking. Don't reuse passwords.)
Someone's going to come along and point out that this isn't 100% TOTALLY RISKY FREE SECURE, which is absolutely correct. Theoretically a malicious actor could have root access to my computer and a keylogger installed. This person will likely suggest some insanely complicated method for creating an absolutely secure "cold wallet" that involves an offline device modified to remove all networking capability. You can do that if you want. I don't.
I'm not a high-profile target and I have reasonable protection against malware installed. Rooting, installing a keylogger, logging the correct keystrokes, downloading the wallet data, decrypting it, and transferring the coins out would more than likely involve actual investment of time and effort on the part of a malicious actor. My stash isn't worth that time and effort. Your stash likely isn't either.
Basically, if you feel comfortable doing online banking or any other sensitive things on your computer, you should feel comfortable storing Bitcoin in an encrypted wallet on your computer.
If you're storing actual large sums of money, a "cold wallet" might start to make sense to you. It all comes down to a personal calculation - is the time, effort, and potential expense in creating a "cold wallet" worth it for the small improvement in security? I think if I were storing 10+ BTC in a wallet, the answer might be yes for me. 
edited to add some stuff
@_date: 2013-11-11 20:04:15
I use Bitcoin and I'm not a political activist of any stripe. I use it because it is useful to me. I believe its properties make it useful to others, too.
@_date: 2013-11-14 01:34:29
I would say that Coinbase writing him an email saying "give us back the coins you stole" means that, yes, the BTC came from Coinbase.
@_date: 2013-11-14 03:57:14
Depending on the site, there's an incentive to keep your ratio up.
@_date: 2013-11-27 16:02:39
Clearly you don't read the *New Yorker*. Diaeresis for everyone!
@_date: 2013-11-10 04:09:21
The security infrastructure is also a fucking mess, when it even exists. Bitcoin loyalists seem to believe that jumping through loops involving offline quarantine devices/cold storage/paper wallets/strong crypto keys/fucking DICE ROLLING is somehow not *fucking ridiculous*, and indeed, when theft/fraud happens, victim-blaming is OK.
It's 2013. My devices are connected to the Internet and I don't use paper money. It's a convenience economy; I'm not interested in being my own banker/security expert/IT expert.
Somebody is going to make a *lot* of money when they develop an easy and secure (we're talking savings account-level secure, backed with 100% insurance) consumer-facing system for dealing with BTC.
@_date: 2013-11-08 08:47:09




Bitcoin is Internet cash.
Not bank transfers, not a credit card payment, not anything like that. Internet cash, as in five dollar bills and quarters and whatnot.
It behaves like cash. If I give you a $5 bill, I can't do "takesie backsies" the next day. You have direct control over the $5, not some bank, payment processor, credit card company, or whatever. BTC is the same way. Contrast if I paid you $5 via credit card, where it would probably travel through PayPal's sticky fingers to your bank account, and I could reverse the charge two weeks later.
That's basically it.
Just as cash is virtually free to handle and transfer, BTC is virtually free. All of the electricity and equipment needed to run the network *does* cost money, so a nominal fee is taken from each transaction. I just transferred some money around, and paid a .0005 BTC fee - 15 cents at current rates. You don't even have to pay a fee if you're in no hurry to transfer money.
Of course, on the Internet, there are no borders. So if you want to send some cash to a friend in Russia, you just have to send it to his BTC wallet - no money-changers charging conversion fees or anything like that. That's useful, eh?
Bitcoin = cash. People like cash sometimes. Enough people have agreed that Bitcoin is acceptable cash to them that it has value as a way of exchanging money.
@_date: 2013-11-14 01:55:36


...I'm almost certain that any legal action could be initiated by Coinbase in their home state (Oregon). He may be able to challenge the venue, which would require retaining a lawyer, which would cost more than just returning the coins he stole and making everybody happy.
Oh, and criminal charges are possible. Pretty sure stealing money isn't legal in any jurisdiction, including OP's home jurisdiction of New York.
@_date: 2013-11-25 06:18:07
Oh man. A friend of mine in the Air Force came into ~$300k by inheritance.
He told me about it, and I counseled him with the same advice financial counselors might give: take 10% and spend it on yourself; take the other 90% and invest it with the advice of a reputable financial planner. He nodded and agreed. It was a good plan. I felt really good about myself: someone had come to me privately about new-found wealth, and I put my selfish interests aside and gave him good advice.
A few weeks later he had a brand-new custom-restored DeLorean.
He was a really smart, chill guy, too. Not someone you'd see as profligate at all. Honestly, I think he lacked self-confidence and felt the need to boost his status with material possessions. He was one of those guys who drank, but wasn't the center of attention, or anywhere near it: he was a valued presence, but not an essential ingredient, for a party. He tried to make up for insecurity with a shiny new toy.
Funny thing is, a month later, nobody gave a shit. We were all used to it. The DeLorean was in the parking lot. It was kind of an eyesore, honestly, though nothing compared to my non-functioning 1991 Chrysler LeBaron that had been occupying the prime spot next to the smoke pit for months and functioned as a communal booze locker.
I think between that and some other projects, he spent all his money. Just from what he told me, he spent over half of it in the first month.
You can lead a man in his 20s to water, but you can't make him drink.
@_date: 2013-12-06 08:30:45
That was a bad decision, but I don't believe in blaming the victim. Mr. Makronalli thought he had a legitimate business deal. The scammers kidnapped him, subjected him to brutal torture, including mutilating his genitals while he was still alive, and then killed him by burning him. (Unfortunately, the best news article seems to have been taken offline by now, but I remember that detail at least.) 
There's no fucking way I'm giving those fucktards even a shred of legitimacy by blaming Mr. Makronalli. They duped an innocent man, held him for ransom, and then made his last days a living hell when ransom wasn't paid.
edit: we must remember that these scammers are experts in manipulating their marks.
@_date: 2013-11-23 04:06:46




You touch upon a more fundamental issue.
As much as we like to pretend Bitcoin doesn't have a central regulatory authority, it kind of does, in the person of "the developers".
Like all regulatory authorities, "the developers" are vulnerable to regulatory capture. I'd argue they're *more* vulnerable: as flawed as they are, government regulatory agencies have a variety of safeguards against corruption of all sorts - whistle-blower protections, legislative and executive oversight, structured and open methods for public comment, "sunshine laws" making intra-agency communications a matter of public record, and so on. We have to trust that "the developers" are operating with good will on faith.
More particularly, "the developers" can't do anything that 51% of computational power on the network doesn't agree to. Mining power is rapidly being consolidated; maybe you and your friends' mining pool was big news 2 years ago, but today it's a fleck of piss in the wind. Mining power is being consolidated in the form of self-interested firms.
"We should give absolute authority over our money to the financial companies that control 51% of market share." I seriously doubt anyone on this subreddit - fuck that, anyone in the *world* - will read that statement and nod in agreement. 
So when 4 or 5 mining conglomerates control 51% of processing power on the Bitcoin network and push through changes you don't like - you can't write to your Congressman. Well, you can, but your Congressman is just a guy in this scenario. There's nothing you can do about it.
Congratulations, in our haste to topple the greedy multinational financial corporations to control our economy... we've created a system where greedy multinational financial corporations control our economy, except this time there's even fewer safeguards. I, for one, hail our new ASICMiner overlords.
Yeah, that took a turn to the alarmist. I think the smaller point remains: Bitcoin is beholden to "the developers". That's not good.
@_date: 2013-11-09 04:09:11
I'm in the same boat, have requested 2 SMS codes, nothing.
Oh well, not like I wanted to buy or anything.
@_date: 2013-11-15 20:53:45
I don't believe that typical malware is a risk to a properly encrypted MultiBit wallet. (In fact, I don't believe that typical malware is a risk to an unencrypted MultiBit wallet either, but sticking a strong password on it takes seconds, so why not?)
I'm not qualified to talk about computer security, but I do have a little bit of knowledge on organized computer crime. 
Organized computer crime focuses on attacks that have a very good return on investment. In order to have a good return on investment, you need to: affect a large number of people/computers; if you can't do that, affect a smaller number of people/computers for very low cost; if you can't do that, target your attacks toward individuals likely to yield large returns; if you can't do any of those things, you're doing it wrong.
Here are some examples:
**Large number of people/computers:** sophisticated malware that enlists computers into a botnet; botnet time is sold by the large (usually Russian) organized cybercrime outfits to various other organizations. For example, that email you just got inviting you to buy LOW C0ST GENERIC V1AGRA was probably sent using a botnet.
**Low cost attacks:** phishing is the big one here. You get an email from PAYPAL CUSTOMER SERVICES informing you that "your account has a problem, click this link!", which takes you to paypaal.com, where you are invited to enter your account details. Sending out spam and setting up a phishing website is cheap. 99.9% of people will delete the email - but some people will duly enter their account information, providing the return.
On the technically unsophisticated side, 419 scams (advance fee fraud, charity fraud, "Nigerian scams", "the Spanish prisoner", etc.) are an example of this. For every 10,000 emails they send, perhaps they get 1 response; for every 50 responses, perhaps they get 1 actual payment - but that's enough to make it an obscenely profitable, multi-million-dollar industry.
As of right now, Bitcoin isn't popular enough to fall into either of these categories. Developing a novel attack is expensive. The number of people who use MultiBit (or any other offline BTC wallet) is probably in the tens of thousands at most. The number of people who use MultiBit and happen to get infected with a novel attack... if it were attempted, I'd say it would be on the order of 10 or so. The expected return is almost certainly less than the attack would cost.
Sorry for the ramble. I don't think I answered your questions very well.
@_date: 2013-11-14 02:01:55


I, and I assume most normal people, don't play "finders keepers" with large sums of money, especially when we know whose money it is.
@_date: 2013-11-25 10:14:55
Let's self-righteously circlejerk about how we're so superior to those folk who just make posts for karma!
@_date: 2013-11-23 03:32:27
fwiw I'm not downvoting you, I went through and upvoted your comments in this chain
though unnecessarily mean, they were helpful and educational!
@_date: 2013-11-14 01:51:47


Translation: saw there was extra BTC in his account, withdrew the BTC, *and then immediately sold it*, and then rather pathetically tried to cover his tracks. It doesn't make sense to be concerned about the BTC/fiat exchange rate if he just let the BTC sit in his main wallet.
@_date: 2013-11-15 21:41:54
1000 Satoshi = 1 credit.
100000 (1 hundred thousand) credit = 1 BTC.
Today, 1 credit = .004 cent.
Some justifications:
"Credits" sounds cool. It sounds sci-fi. It's like we're living in the future! It's a familiar word, unlike "Satoshi". "Satoshi" makes it sound like whoever created Bitcoin was a very kawaiiiiiiii weeabo. Not cool.
I estimate that in a mature market, 10 satoshi = 1 "base currency unit". 1 base currency unit is the smallest denomination that it makes sense to track in meaningful transactions. I set it as 2013$ 0.05 - 1 nickel - retailers freely set the cents unit for psychological reasons already; 1 penny isn't a meaningful unit of exchange. It also allows for tiny transaction fees, and for an extra decimal place for exchanges that are particularly price-sensitive - such as FOREX exchanges.
100 satoshi = 1 credit therefore makes sense. It's 100 base currency units = 1 larger currency unit; people are very familiar with a 100:1 base:larger ratio.
1 credit will be a commonplace, meaningful value when BTC reaches maturity. 1 credit = 2013$50. You might spend 1 credit at the bar during a wild night of drinking. 1 credit might be 1/10 of your rent. Lunch is 1/5 of a credit. It's an easy unit to work with.
I'm going to continue to use this conversion, because it works very well.
@_date: 2013-11-17 04:59:44
There's a free-loader problem here though. My individual contributions to the Bitcoin economy and Bitcoin adoption won't change the exchange rate one bit. I can simply buy and hold Bitcoin as a speculative investment and rely on the rest of you to assume the cost of actually doing business in Bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-11-10 01:38:58
Call me stupid, but it kind of looks like BTCChina is correcting to closer to USD exchanges, and there was a little bit of panic selling on USD exchanges before the arbitrageurs caught up and started buying with USD.
BTCChina didn't have the spike back up to 310-320 that we see on bitstamp and it's *still* trading at a premium.
Given how suddenly BTCChina erupted, I wouldn't be surprised if this is just a market signal associated with the arbitrageurs getting their RMB &lt;-&gt; USD conversions and bank accounts set up. That kind of thing takes time.
@_date: 2013-11-10 22:07:07
I use it daily; I supplement my main income by playing poker at Seals with Clubs. Bitcoin is useful to me for this, because it makes playing poker online 100% legal for me to do in my state.
I don't speculate in Bitcoin at all, unless you want to consider merely holding my working capital in BTC as "speculation"...
@_date: 2013-12-01 01:42:30
It's perfectly feasible, if you can get your hands onto some negative mass.
That presents a small problem, because we haven't found any negative mass yet. The closest we've gotten is the kind-of-psuedo-maybe-if-you-look-at-it-the-right-way-negative energy involved in the Casimir effect. There's currently heated discussion as to whether negative mass is even possible. All we know is that the math works just fine with negative masses.
@_date: 2013-11-10 01:59:38
Chinese trader(s) elected to sell BTC/RMB in order to capture profit from BTCChina trading at a huge premium to BTC/USD.
USD traders saw the BTC/RMB price drop and preemptively sold at 330 to lock in profits (not a bad move; "panic selling" wasn't the best choice of words).
About 12 minutes later large purchases started being made on bitstamp/mtgox  halting the drop and spurring buying back up to $325, now it's hovering around $315. I figure the initial large purchases were made by one or more arbitrage outfits for transfer back to BTCChina.
Just a theory and I have no supporting facts to back it up.
@_date: 2013-11-25 07:09:12


I love this analogy.
I'd love to remove consumer agency from it, though. With the multitude of security risks, and the difficulty/knowledge gap of creating a secure wallet (and the difficulty of actually *using* a secure wallet), it's a little bit more than "idjits poking their eyes out". It's more "people don't know the tools can poke their eyes out".
Someone who can help consumers not poke their eyes out **online** will make a lot of money.
I stress **online** because last time I said this someone pointed me to Trezor, which is nice for an offline wallet (why do I need an offline wallet, says the average person), but doesn't help with making online transactions.
@_date: 2013-11-16 04:59:36
It's not reasonable if you are using Bitcoin, the world's most traceable currency.
@_date: 2013-12-29 05:47:42
I wouldn't say that. Presumably if I wanted to buy something from you, you'd accept a fair value in your local government's issued currency, with the expectation that you can turn around and spend that elsewhere.
You're right that the authority of the government to compel taxes be paid in its issued currency forms a floor on the value of that currency (assuming said government has the power to enforce that authority), but I don't think individuals and businesses hold trillions of US dollars simply to pay the tax man. If that were the case, you wouldn't be able to use dollars as a trade currency, because why would a Chinese company accept dollars in payment?
@_date: 2013-12-06 07:12:58
In the overpayment scam, the scammer agrees to send the victim some amount by check, typically as advance payment for some sort of work - "nanny" and "personal assistant" seem to be popular. The scammer "accidentally" sends you a check for more than the agreed-upon amount. Either you point this out or the scammer "realizes" it, and the scammer demands you return the difference to him via Western Union. The check is, of course, a forgery, and you'll be accountable for the difference.
[419eater]( is a good source for information on 419/advance fee fraud/"Nigerian scams" and the various related scams. **If you suspect you or a loved one may be a potential victim of a 419 scam, please visit [Scamwarners](
@_date: 2013-11-08 09:14:02
There's a little, local jerky shop attached to a gas station in a small town in Arizona just off I-10 that has some of the best jerky I've ever eaten. I think it's in Bowie, AZ?
Any interest?
...after some searching, found what passes for his [website](
@_date: 2013-11-18 23:59:18
[Now with 66.6% more evil!](
@_date: 2013-11-30 09:26:19
Shit, I think I have about 6 of those addresses.
@_date: 2013-11-15 23:20:53
@_date: 2013-11-14 01:39:50
BOLD PREDICTION: OP isn't going to return the coins he stole...
SECOND BOLD PREDICTION: ...because OP doesn't have the coins any more, because he knew damn well they weren't his coins, so he cashed them out quickly.
@_date: 2013-11-25 07:02:40
I play poker, and because of the low fees and the shadiness of even the best bitcoin poker site (Seals with Clubs), I move money to and from my poker site balance regularly.
Some people even do it daily. Wake up, transfer in, brew some coffee while the transaction gets confirmations, play, transfer out.
None of those are economically meaningful transactions, but they happen on the blockchain.
I'm not saying that professional poker players' bankroll shuffling accounts for the bitcoin boom or anything. But with the cost of moving money around, there's sure to be plenty of economically meaningless transactions happening on the blockchain.
edit: by "economically meaningless" I roughly mean "moving money from one place to another place with minimal change in expected value".
@_date: 2013-12-03 06:22:26
I think of "intrinsic" or "inherent" value as the value associated primarily with the usefulness of something, to which more value is added associated with its relative scarcity.
While most modern economic theories don't really recognize this distinction - value is simply whatever the market says it is - I think it's a good tool to use when thinking about Bitcoin. There is undoubtedly rampant speculation driving up the price of bitcoin, which causes some (like Schiff) to claim the entire market is just speculation. But, like Eric says, the usefulness of Bitcoin gives bitcoin some "intrinsic" value, and the rampant speculation simply adds value associated with the scarcity of bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-12-29 05:43:42
A mixing service depends on having legitimate users to function.
A mixing service that only mixes ill-gotten gains isn't particularly helpful.
@_date: 2013-11-19 07:36:39
No, please, the more duplicate posts, the better to circlejerk!
@_date: 2013-12-06 01:01:30
Am I the only one who doesn't regularly wipe hard drives and toss computers? Except for one laptop that got stolen, I have all of my computers back to 2005 or so.
...I still sometimes *use* the earliest computer, even. Probably would have tossed it by now, except it contains some mildly interesting historical material that has since been lost from the Internet.
@_date: 2013-11-23 01:30:24
Take the trailing / off the link, it's dead :)
Looks cool.
The price is a problem. Trezor costs roughly $800 today. 
Don't tell me when I can and can't speak.
@_date: 2013-11-15 20:28:36
From a seller's point of view, Bitcoin is similar to personal checks and credit cards.
With personal checks, the recipient has no guarantee that the stated amount of money exists in the purchaser's bank account.  Checks can also be cancelled by the purchaser.
With credit cards, the recipient does have a guarantee that the stated amount of money is available - that's what the credit card machine does. However, the purchaser can later reverse the transaction.
With Bitcoin, the recipient has a reasonable assurance that the stated amount of money is available, but not an absolute guarantee. Unlike checks and credit cards, the transaction is irreversible.
Furthermore, double spending is moderately technically sophisticated. It also has an associated time window; you can't spend a coin and then double-spend it the next day. These combine to give a level of assurance in the integrity of the transactions to brick-and-mortar retailers that's closer to cash than to credit cards.
Current fraud laws and anti-fraud best practices work reasonably well for countering check fraud (writing bad checks) and wire fraud. Sellers can always demand government-issued photo ID and record the details if the transaction is high-risk (large sums of money and no willingness to wait for X confirmations, for example). 
Really, because of the time aspect - you have a very limited window to double-spend - in-person purchases aren't really a concern. I believe that the amount of double-spend fraud will be less than the amount of check fraud that happens today, and probably less than credit card fraud as well.
Follow-on question for the technically inclined: what happens to the coins in a double-spend? Are they guaranteed to go to the first (or last) recipient, or is there some randomness here? If it's a coin-flip as to who gets the BTC (pun totally intended), that alone would cut the liability to each retailer in half - even if a fraudster double-spends, the retailer might get the coins anyways!
TL;DR - pretty much the same level of risk to retailers as accepting credit cards, or less. Less risky than personal checks. 
@_date: 2013-11-14 01:44:15


That didn't tip you off? Not even a little teensy bit?


...oh wait, it did tip you off, and your reaction was to try to cover your tracks, instead of returning the coins you stole and then apparently sold.
Are you *really* expecting sympathy here?
@_date: 2013-11-11 20:41:41
If you want to get *really* confused, try figuring out how the hell you're supposed to report gambling (poker) income when you're gambling in BTC. 
Don't worry, most of the complications arise from the stupid, Byzantine way the IRS insists on taxing gambling income.
@_date: 2013-11-25 10:18:15
tl;dr OP found reddit
To be clear, I would like it if wasn't a shitty sub. But, like bitcoin itself, we blazed by the eternal September in about an hour last Tuesday. All is lost, there's no going back.
I'd recommend you recalibrate your sensors for quality posting here. You may be pleasantly surprised. Useful posts occasionally make it to the front page of this sub! (I stress, *occasionally*. Usually it's self-congratulatory circle-jerking about how X accepts bitcoin therefore TO THE MOON and appears TO THE MOON!)
@_date: 2013-11-23 10:24:30
I already do bitch work online, I'd rather work for a company I believe in than one that is terribad.
I have significant prior customer service experience.
My pay demands are very modest. I like being paid occasionally.
Where do I apply to be your first-tier customer support handler?
@_date: 2013-11-10 04:17:17
Let's see. VirWoX is awesome if you hate money and want to get rid of it quickly (or slowly, as you wait for "manual verification" of your account before your first purchase), and who knows how much liquidity the LLD market has. BTC-Dealer will let me buy up to $500 of BTC for the low, low price of $426.60/BTC (only 20% above the all-time high!). CryptXchange doesn't even bother to to tell me what their exchange rate is, only that they charge a 10% commission.
It don't work when buying BTC is both more expensive and more sketchy than using the things BTC is supposed to replace!
@_date: 2013-11-15 21:25:17
I sold just fine; it was my first transaction with my account. 1.2 BTC @ $310. ("omg buy and hold blah blah": unlike you speculating fuckers, I actually use Bitcoin as a currency. That was my monthly poker income.)
Hint: if someone has a problem with taking your BTC and giving you fiat, run away quickly. BTC transfers are irreversible. They know you have the money. If they won't go through with the transaction, either they're flat out broke and you shouldn't deal with them, or they're scammy and you shouldn't deal with them.
Coinbase isn't an exchange; they don't have an order book.
Contact Coinbase support to ask about large BTC-&gt;USD orders.
@_date: 2013-11-14 02:21:26
Two things:
First, Coinbase may or may not feel it important to establish a precedent of pursuing fraud cases.
Second, and more importantly, this isn't an issue of debt collection, this is criminal fraud. Since they maintain transaction records, they have OP's name, address, and bank account information. Should Coinbase decide to press charges (hint: they should), OP will probably be charged with larceny of some sort.
@_date: 2013-11-14 01:48:07
So, what exactly is your angle here? Finders keepers?
The *absolute minimum* you need to do is to offer to write Coinbase a check for the dollar value of the BTC at the time you withdrew them from your account and sold them.
...but, really, you need to return the coins. It's pretty obvious from your actions when Coinbase debited your account "1 or 2 weeks later" that you knew you were defrauding Coinbase even then.
@_date: 2013-11-11 20:37:38
The typical guidance is that in "barter" transactions, both parties must report the fair market value of what they received as income.
@_date: 2013-11-13 02:07:40


Sure, anyone can download the protocol.
But saying that anyone can "examine and critique" it is a similar "Freudian projection". Anyone armed with a *very* sophisticated knowledge of programming and cryptography can "examine and critique" Bitcoin. I'd imagine there's more people qualified enough in macroeconomics to "examine and critique" the Fed's statements than there are qualified enough in cryptography to "examine and critique" the Bitcoin protocol.
@_date: 2013-11-10 01:11:11
Amen to that. With all the recent security problems and theft and such, I have no fucking clue how I'm supposed to store my BTC.
"Use XYZ obscure program to create a paper wallet with a 50-character random passphrase from a device that's never been connected to the Internet" is *not* an acceptable answer. 
@_date: 2013-11-15 22:49:11
I use my BTC to do something economically productive, exactly as I used USD before Black Friday (when the Department of Justice laid down the banhammer on online poker).
Online poker is 100% legal in Arizona, my state of residence. I engage in completely legal transactions in the Bitcoin economy on most days.
If you want to conceptualize it as a transaction where party A receives money for providing a service to party B, the 2 or 3 best players at the table (party A) profit from implicitly charging the rest of the table (party B) for their services as an additional player. 
@_date: 2013-11-15 23:19:54
I'd address you by name, but it looks like you put your account in cold storage..
*OH SNAP!*
But for real, you (whoever "you" is) abused the hell out of false equivalence. "Buy with an identity-linked account" is not equivalent to "let people snoop through my house". I'm not sure why I'm supposed to respect your arguments if you're going to use blatantly terrible fallacies to support them.
@_date: 2013-11-15 21:43:15
My response to the previous thread (blatant copy-paste alert!):
1 satoshi = 1/10000000 BTC. (The smallest possible unit of BTC.)
1000 (one thousand) satoshi = 1 credit.
100000 (1 hundred thousand) credit = 1 BTC.
Today, 1 credit = .004 cent.
Some justifications:
"Credits" sounds cool. It sounds sci-fi. It's like we're living in the future! It's a familiar word, unlike "Satoshi". "Satoshi" makes it sound like whoever created Bitcoin was a very kawaiiiiiiii weeabo. Not cool.
I estimate that in a mature market, 10 satoshi = 1 "base currency unit". 1 base currency unit is the smallest denomination that it makes sense to track in meaningful transactions. I set it as 2013$ 0.05 - 1 nickel - retailers freely set the cents unit for psychological reasons already; 1 penny isn't a meaningful unit of exchange. It also allows for tiny transaction fees, and for an extra decimal place for exchanges that are particularly price-sensitive - such as FOREX exchanges.
100 satoshi = 1 credit therefore makes sense. It's 100 base currency units = 1 larger currency unit; people are very familiar with a 100:1 base:larger ratio.
1 credit will be a commonplace, meaningful value when BTC reaches maturity. 1 credit = 2013$50. You might spend 1 credit at the bar during a wild night of drinking. 1 credit might be 1/10 of your rent. Lunch is 1/5 of a credit. It's an easy unit to work with.
I'm going to continue to use this conversion, because it works very well.
edit: I deal in mBTC = milliBitcoin = 1/1000 BTC on a daily basis. It's not too difficult. 1 mBTC = 41 cents USD today.
@_date: 2013-12-06 07:09:18
If you found that amusing, you may just be [419eater material]( Scambaiting is fun, interesting, and you get satisfaction knowing you're wasting the scum scammers' time and money!
(Rule  is don't cash-bait, or try to get them to send you money. Statues of fish carved out of mahogany, yes; money, no.)
@_date: 2013-11-15 22:54:14


...again, why do I give a shit? I don't buy anything with BTC that I wouldn't buy with a credit card. 


Pro tip: you just lost the 90% of people who aren't anti-government and also don't have a problem with PayPal. Including me.
I'm dismissing the "centralized government control" as an anarcho-capitalist red herring. There's no reason to believe that the government's interest goes any farther than preventing money laundering and transfer of money to criminal elements - which is something that is already done, and it doesn't bother me one bit. 
@_date: 2013-11-14 01:35:33


...except that Coinbase emailed him to say that they are, in fact, Coinbase's coins, and they want them back.
@_date: 2013-11-08 08:18:54
Would not do again.
Spent $60 for a final sum of 0.355 BTC when the price was approximately 1 BTC = $100.
While there's something to be said for the convenience of using a credit card through PayPal, the main convenience factor - speed - wasn't there. It took 3 days or so to be manually approved to be able to buy BTC. That's 1 more day than it took for manual approval of my Coinbase bank account link (the automatic thingy didn't work, so I had to do it via the mini-deposit method).
@_date: 2013-11-15 21:21:09
Can I short this thread? Instant profit.
...I wouldn't mind seeing a well-reasoned post on behalf of coin validation. As of right now, I don't see why I should care either way. Since the conspiritards have come out of the woodwork to oppose this blatant infringement of our rights by the vast government-bank-shill conspiracy complex, I'm inclined to support wallet validation, because agreeing with conspiritards leaves a bad taste in my mouth.
But this was not a well-reasoned post.
@_date: 2013-11-15 22:59:35


That's already inherent in the Bitcoin protocol. Anyone can follow coins from their genesis as mining rewards to today.
If I purchase some physical goods online, I must provide a shipping address. That tips off the seller to my identity, if they choose to investigate. I trust that sellers only care about me insofar as they care about my money; it doesn't matter if I'm paying with BTC or credit card or cowrie shells.
If I purchase stuff offline, the seller certainly retains the right to record my ID, and I'd expect it to be commonplace as a simple step to mitigate double-spend schemes.
What am I supposed to be concerned about?
@_date: 2013-11-30 04:27:55
There's no reason there has to be just one, and here's an example of a use case in which a liquid altcoin (say, Litecoin) might be used:
I run a network of independent money transfer agents. These agents accept your local currency, give you a ticket with the information to get the money back at any agent in the network, then pay the deposit  into the network. Later on, when you or someone else withdraws the funds, the agent paying you will receive the deposit from the network into his personal account. The network uses Bitcoin to actually transfer the money around. (Before you say that's stupid, it's essentially [*hawala*]( which accounts for $1.6 billion of annual remittances to Somalia alone.)
So essentially, I'm moving money from Local Currency A to Bitcoin to Local Currency B. (For the moment we'll assume reasonably well-developed exchanges.) Note that Bitcoin is a tool to me. I'm not in the Bitcoin business; I'm in the money transfer business. I'm not interested in having large exposure to the Bitcoin market.
One day I discover I'm having some problems. There's a shortage of liquidity in the BTC/rupee market. I need to buy a large stock of rupees, but my order will suffer from significant slippage. Out of curiosity, I look over to the LTC/rupee market (again, assuming one exists). Hey, there's a large volume of sell orders just above the current price! If I convert some of my BTC to LTC and then sell both for rupees, I end up with more rupees. Very nice!
I wonder if it would save me a few percent if I regularly transacted in both BTC and LTC. I hire math and comp-sci grad students to come up with some magic software that trades on both markets in order to limit my exposure to volatility and maximize the amount of local currency I end up with.
Yes, the astute observer will see that I'm essentially arbitraging between the two markets. But I'm also productively using LTC. I've essentially decided to treat both BTC and LTC as one big foreign exchange market, because again, I don't really care about Bitcoin or Litecoin themselves, I care that they are useful tools to me.
Of course, this scenario is a little bit contrived, and it requires that there actually be a well-developed Litecoin market - not likely, given that Litecoin is Bitcoin without name recognition. So it's kind of a "build it, and they will come" scenario. But it's still a somewhat plausible scenario.
@_date: 2013-11-14 02:40:39
What's the incentive to mine Florincoin?
@_date: 2013-11-15 21:16:54
Samuel L. Jackson's wallet was, is, and forever will be validated. It's the one that says "bad motherfucker" on it.
@_date: 2013-11-15 23:48:58
My advice (for life in general):
Go take a walk. Admire the clouds. Admire the scenery - whether natural or human-built.
Call your parents, if you haven't called them recently. Tell them you love them, if you haven't done so recently. Did you know it's Mens' Health Month? If your father is 40 or above, ask him if he's talked to his doctor about mens' health - does he have regular prostate screenings?
To borrow a page from a book in Skyrim - have you made love recently? If not, stop reading this post, and find a frisky lass or a wanton lad, or two or more, in whatever combination your wise loins dictate.
Pick a flower. Contemplate the flower. It will be dead soon. What does the flower care? Why are flowers pretty?
Do these things. Bitcoin will still be here when you come back. Don't waste your precious time on this Earth worrying about the minute details of transactions. If your coins are still in the void next week, you may start worrying and contact customer support of both sites.
@_date: 2013-11-15 21:27:34
What are BIP32 and ZeroCoin?
Why do I, John Q. Public, give a shit about coin validation? (Isn't it wallet validation anyways?)
@_date: 2013-12-06 07:25:19
OP, welcome to the world of scambaiting!
**Please do not send any more messages to this fellow.** I see you're messaging on Facebook, and as you blurred your name, I assume it is your real name, attached to your real Facebook information. Scammers are *scummy fuckwads*, and while the risk is reasonably low, they are criminals, and sometimes vicious - in 2006, 29 year old Greek national George Makronalli was lured to South Africa by scammers, where he was held for $160,000 in ransom; when it was not paid, he was brutally tortured and killed. Best to "bait safe": ensure no personal information may be acquired by the scammers.
If you'd like to continue in this fun and entertaining hobby, consult [419eater](
(this is like the 3rd time I've linked 419eater in this thread, because it's relevant... inb4 I get called a spammer. 419eater is not-for-profit and gains no income if you click that link; also, I haven't even been active there in a year or so - other life circumstances have gotten in the way of my scambaiting!)
@_date: 2013-11-15 23:00:07
That would require effort :(
@_date: 2013-11-23 04:58:54
I wish there was a wood-fired pizza place in my town that said "BEER - PIZZA" on the sign.
The only place here is a really upscale place, one of the only ones in the US to be "certified" by some organization out of Naples (funny, I lived in Naples for 3 years and never saw any "certified" pizzerias...).
Appetizers cost $arm, drinks cost $leg, the pizza itself is $firstborn.
Pizza was decent enough, but given their "certification" I was expecting something more authentic. No, I'm not hipstering it up. Authentic Neapolitan pizza is a childhood memory I've been searching for for years...
Thank you for using mozzarella di bufala! 
@_date: 2013-11-16 01:23:34
So? They believe the service is useful. Retailers are free to accept whatever combination of coins they desire. That is their right.
I still don't understand why I care. edit: with the proper tools, I am free to accept or reject BTC based on its cleanliness. This is also not the issue; we're talking about an address whitelist, not a coin whitelist.
@_date: 2013-11-15 23:58:14


Why is this important to me?


I think this is valid, but it also flips the other way - when 51% of the mining power is in the hands of a few mining firms, they can implement whatever changes they'd like on the Bitcoin protocol, and there's *nothing anybody can do about it*. Trust in the miners is necessary - and I'm not sure whether we should trust the miners
@_date: 2013-11-23 02:07:47
Why don't you stop being condescending?
How is that attitude supposed to draw more people to Bitcoin?
@_date: 2013-12-01 01:27:19
If we're communicating faster than light, actually we need to fix this YESTERDAY.
@_date: 2013-11-10 01:04:54
Haha, so similar to me. My folks had 56k. In my sophomore year of high school (2004) I actually took an online class through a new program in my state, and my parents forced me to "do the Internet" at 5 in the morning so I didn't tie up the phone line. Eventually I got tired of it and bought high-speed internet (DSL! New and fast!) and paid for it with my own money... and let my parents use it for free on their old Pentium-powered PC that they mostly used to manage their stocks.
Last year I helped my dad buy the right high-powered PC for smoother photo and video editing. He makes home movies of our family's travels and my little brothers' sports and such and sends them out to extended family, as well as retouching and uploading photos to be made into on-demand professionally printed books and individually shipped to extended family. 
@_date: 2013-11-15 21:51:54
It's a serious concern. We, as people, are not so good with lots of decimal places.
When and if 1 BTC = $10,000:
QUICK NO THINKING: .00003784 BTC = $???
If you got that in under a second, congratulations, you're unusually good with numbers. For the rest of us, that conversion is WAT and may require paper and/or a calculator.
If, instead, that's 3.784 credits, it's much easier to conceptualize... and I further advocate rounding, so it's 3.78 credits. That's something people are familiar with. A currency unit that has 100 subdivisions is familiar. (We reserve an extra decimal place for transaction fees and exchanges that require ultra-high precision, like FOREX exchanges.)
If you're selling something that costs 0.00076439 BTC, the common person's brain shuts down when it comes time for conversions. On the other hand, we say that's 76.44 credits... that's easy to think about. (In my projection of a mature BTC market, that's 2013$ 15.44.)
@_date: 2013-12-06 07:42:40
Yes. It's now frowned upon as being illegal and unethical. It borders on entering into scamming ourselves, and we don't want to be in that gray area, because we're the good guys.
@_date: 2013-11-10 04:46:42
I'd wait for the market to settle down a bit first. Look into getting a Coinbase account set up and verified, relax, have a glass of wine, take a walk, come back in two weeks.
At that point I'd hope the market has worked out where a good medium-term value is, or something close to it. You won't have to worry about timing the market on a minute-to-minute basis. Right now, the difference between the 18 hour high and low is about 25%.
I wouldn't worry too much about missing out on a buying opportunity. BTC will settle down somewhere. From there we might have another bull market, or it might peter out, go nowhere, and enter a long twilight. In the former case you'll make about the same amount of money, in the latter case you weren't going to make any money in the first place.
I should caveat that I'm not a trader; I actually use BTC as the unit of account for my secondary income (poker). While I appreciate the speculators conveniently driving BTC up the day before I took my latest dividend, in the long run I have a vested interest in a low volatility market. Growth is nice and I'm not going to object to the invisible hand gifting me extra profit, but poker is already volatile enough as it is.
@_date: 2013-11-23 03:49:49


The easy question first: why are anti-money-laundering and Know Your Client laws things that have to be "defended" against? Is there something wrong with them? (I don't, fundamentally, have an issue with AML/KYC, whatever the format.)
The harder question second: why are fungibility and blacklisting *actually problems*? I'm imagining a Bitcoin economy in which checking for blacklisted coins is automatically done at time of receipt, and blacklisted coins can be automatically rejected. This counters the best argument I got last time I asked this, which was a silly appeal to emotion: "how would you like it if you had some cash and a central authority told you you couldn't spend it?!?" 
I'm imagining a reasonable system, not an overbearing one: a wallet is blacklisted only after due process under law has been followed and evidence has been presented to a judge. (I'm not interested in tangential criticisms of the [insert country here] justice system; let's keep this in Imaginationland where we can assume the justice system works reasonably well.) Only transactions *after* the wallet has been blacklisted and the status promulgated across the network are tainted; authorities have to use traditional methods to prosecute people for receiving funds from criminal activity for transactions conducted before that point.
The only thing that gets a normal, law-abiding citizen in trouble is *knowingly* accepting bitcoin from an address that a judge has ordered blacklisted along with a criminal conviction.
The non-bitcoin analogue would be if your mobster cousin Vinny asked you to hold onto this drug money for him. It would *not* be "well someone 37 transactions back may have maybe might have been possibly perhaps tangentially connected to probable criminal activity therefore your money is all gone". That is not reasonable. Nobody is proposing that.
You're free to make political arguments in response to this question, but I'm unlikely to be persuaded.
@_date: 2013-11-16 02:38:17
First off, they can already track, it's in the protocol.
Second, nobody has said anything about canceling or reversing transactions.
Please argue honestly, not with straw men. This is part of the problem - all of the RIGHTEOUS ANGER I've seen about this has been crappy arguments. It comes across as defending illicit markets - which you are absolutely free to do, but be honest about it. We the people are smarter than you think.
@_date: 2013-11-15 19:41:33
You forgot the part where the conspiritards are coming out of the woodwork. With the sheer amount of character assassination, accusations of shilling, suggestions of nefarious schemes afoot, suspicion of vast government-bank-rich people plots to destroy our beloved Bitcoins, and hints at more to come, I thought I'd accidentally wandered into the shithole to rule all shitholes.
Good call on emphasizing that this shocking development wasn't shocking at all; the ability to track coins from birth to the present is inherent in the protocol, so "get these dirty coin-trackers out of my Bitcoin!" is functionally equivalent to "keep your dirty government hands off my Medicare!"
@_date: 2013-11-15 23:01:24


HOLY FALSE EQUIVALENCE BATMAN


HOLY MORE FALSE EQUIVALENCE BATMAN
@_date: 2013-11-14 01:59:34
If you didn't think you were defrauding them, why did you delete your account, instead of contacting Coinbase customer service to ask why your account had been debited for 3.xxx BTC?
*You* put *yourself* in this position by *stealing* several hundred dollars from Coinbase. Don't even try to spin it otherwise, it just makes you look *even more* guilty than you already look.