@_author: xellosmoon
@_date: 2018-09-13 03:59:15
thats what im saying all along. Investing in crypto SHOULDNT be a risk!
@_date: 2018-09-13 01:26:33
I believe the issue here is with the banned app. I dont think google did that because they dont believe in Bcash or they want to censor that shit lol i dont think even google gives a fuck about our shit. The fact that it marketed itself as a bitcoin wallet but then dont have bitcoin core as the main default wallet is, imo, unethical.  Most people dont even know there even was a fork and even i cant explain what a fork even is sufficiently. 
I wouldnt mourn the loss of it because i never used it but this is not good for the whole cryptocurrency community as a whole.  
@_date: 2018-09-13 02:29:09
It is to me. See, when regular people try to buy "bitcoin" only to find out that they bought the wrong version of it is very disconcerting. Not only is there not enough information as to WHY and HOW but then finding out that that version of bitcoin's community has a grudge with the other versions of bitcoin. I am a HUGE supporter of Bcash and larger blocks but i dont like that we have to tell people that this or that is the bitcoin you should buy. 
Lets face it the average joe does it give a fuck about how the technology to it works. So what if they are just in it for he profit? Thats still good for us overall. But saying its their own damn fault and they should just fuck off is the wrong attitude to have because those joes consist of 95% of the population. So if we all just fuck them that will steer them off cryptocurrency forever and we cant fucking flourish like that. We need everyone to adapt it and it is a concern for us to keep it moron-proof.
@_date: 2018-09-13 00:58:12
People will be clueless though. I've been on this subreddit for years and I admit I still don't think I grasp 70% of the technology into it. I even do ALOT of research before I interact with sites and wallets.
Then my friends come to me and tell me all about Bitcoin and they are all so god damn wrong. There will always be people who lag behind. For each 1 good info there are hundreds leading them away from it. It's our jobs as, kind of, veterans to steer them in the right direction and not to profit from them then throw them away after because we feel they aren't worthy. 
Im in this because I believe this is the future. We have to stop being standoffish and elitists.
@_date: 2017-08-23 06:48:31
Will segwit lower the transaction fees?