@_author: xertrov
@_date: 2014-04-19 23:04:55
This conversation is part of that process, and as points out, PR/marketing/etc will play some role. At least this conversation is extricated from those particular pillars of society.
@_date: 2014-11-03 11:07:43
Hmm, okay. I don't think you can have a healthy economy without both, since they both do different things and they meet some need. You seem to be talking about price deflation, not monetary deflation. A concern with the 'creation of wealth' (or rather, accumulation, nothing is being created) is a concern with the purchasing power, since this is all you're measuring by 'wealth' (IE what can I buy and for how long). Monetary inflation and price deflation can occur simultaneously (this is what Bitcoin is doing), but maybe not forever.
True, that our primary dependence on contemporary fiat both a) disenfranchises the citizen, and b) is a centralized point of disfigurement, and this is damaging, but trade in an inflationary currency has advantages, which are complimented by savings in a deflationary currency. Wealth goes different places for different reasons.
@_date: 2014-06-12 12:33:55
I'm pretty sure coinbase won't stop you paying if you're in the EU; in any case, I'm in Australia and have results consistent with OP. Bitcoin is available on the weekly bundle, but not the Audiobook one.
@_date: 2014-06-14 23:09:29
I'm glad you're trying to think of solutions, but I don't think what you've proposed will work, unfortunately.
Part of Bitcoin's philosophy is that everyone will act in their own best ineterest.
A miner who wishes to include all the transactions will be able to manipulate the transactions first to produce txs that are all %3=1 or %3=0 or whatever is appropriate. (Malliability is an example). By simply changing the contents as one may and producing a different hash your system is effetivley nullified. Even if the miner couldn't do that, the user wants to use the PoW with the most security behind it, so will only produce txs with %3=0 to get on that chain.
If the chains aren't separated you open yourself up to attack between chains because it's difficult to compare across PoW; so one might be able to leverage a weaker PoW3 in order to cause a re-org even though there is more resources dedicated to PoW1 or something. I don't think parallel PoW systems are as stable as serial PoW systems.
At the heart of the problem, though, is the issue that if you can force a tx with less than 50% of hashpower behind you, so can anyone else, which means we've actually weakened the network, because an attacker no longer needs 50% to force a transaction. There are ways to begin mitigating that sort of issue (like PoS voting and whatnot) but realistically I'm not convinced we even want to solve that problem. Far better to spend our time on decentralising the mining process.
You're also lacking some detail about the 'special transaction' to distribute the block reward.
@_date: 2014-01-24 02:16:52
Have a look at the idea of [sticky prices (wiki link)](
That's one factor, but realistically we don't have a good way to value it. Sometimes it's obvious that our valuation is wrong so there's a correction, then we sit around for a while till we're sure we're wrong again. Or, that's what it feels like, at least.
Edit: did not know about but that's pretty neat.
@_date: 2014-10-11 00:46:12


Citation needed. There are like zero examples of this ever.
If you mean to say "at some point adoption reaches 100% and then bitcoin use correlates to the population and culture and whatever else" then sure.
One day an exponential increase in the block reward will result in more space than we need, just like right now.
There is only one benefit to increasing the block size: more transactions. No, that's not going to harm the network.
@_date: 2014-11-03 21:26:27
It didn't really come off like that. Neither Bitcoin, nor mincome is a panacea, they're both just tools.
@_date: 2014-01-01 00:55:40


Neither of our arguments make any judgement to say bitcoin is better or worse because of it, so we certainly agree on that.


I don't really care whether Mike thinks it had no value or not. It certainly didn't have a price, which I think is what you're getting hung up on. 
However, we can look at what we do to deliberately make cryptyocoins worthless, and that is to break some of the principles like 'no central issuer' or the difficulty agreement (as in testnet3), resetting it when devs feel like it (this arbitrary power is good since its important and has been used before).




Yes (as a network of one is not a network yet)


I find your lack of reasoning disturbing.
When the price was 0 (technically it wasn't, it just hadn't been set yet and nobody cared enough to bother about setting it because the exchange-value was negligible.


At what point was that?
I guess I have a problem with anything *coming* from zero. When thinking about it a while ago I came to the conclusion that nothing comes from zero but only goes to zero. The illusion that something comes from zero is prompted by the price beginning at zero (or close enough to make no odds). The price was at zero because there was little to no demand or desire to use it as money.
I think if we're talking about intrinsic value we need to remove the human element a little. The price is a result of human valuation, but I don't think intrinsic value should be.
I argue Bitcoin has intrinsic value regardless of price (zero or not) partially because the state of the Bitcoin network isn't *that* relevant; and Bitcoin would work just as well for any advanced extra-terrestrial beings as when they discovered it as it will for us. Moreover, if they stumbled upon the Bitcoin network (provided they didn't know how to break ECC; they'd likely not know what SHA256 is though) they could use and understand it. They can recognise there is some intrinsic value given by the emergent properties.
For me, that sort of intrinsic value trumps price, even if the price is zero. I guess I don't see as strong a relationship between intrinsic value and price; and think one is an abstract concept (like plato and ideal forms of animals and whatnot - bitcoin is but a limited representation of a 'perfect' factum currency) and the other is how humans scale it to all the other resources.
Factum is a word from my essay, I said it means:




Maybe it would be more correct to say 'has the potential to hold a non-zero value'; though it feels like a cop out, an elegant theory has no meaning if it's wrong.
In any case, that's what makes the most sense to me theoretically and intuitively.
Anyway, I don't think either of us will convince the other in this matter. I'm going to go with the above as my closing statement.
@_date: 2014-06-27 04:05:00
I love that every day I use linux I learn something. It's been more than  decade now (my uncle helped me install redhad 6 back in the day) and I'm still learning. Love it.
@_date: 2014-10-14 23:27:48
Hold up, this is like VAT in Britain.


I understand your frustration, but this is all *just* about the GST legislation.
There's a senate inquiry just announced that will be held in March of next year, which might change things.
Also, the Reserve bank can say "this thing isn't taxable under GST because we say so".
According to the GST legislation a money is defined to be a number of things, and if it is not legal tender of a foreign nation basically the only hope is a phrase about "debiting and crediting accounts". While most of us feel that (since an account is a conceptual thing and banks are mostly just a big database now) that Bitcoin can happily fall into this. However, the ATO has basically said 1) accounts need to be denominated in fiat, and 2) it's not an account because they say so.
Paragraph 64 is the argument by authority one.
Point of all this is Australia is nothing like Russia in this regard. This is all about interpretation of *shitty, shitty* legislation that was rushed through in '99.
@_date: 2014-02-19 01:08:56
I've said this before, as have others.
If you'd like Mark Karpeles to be removed you should do the following:
1. Become a member of the foundation ($30 for an annual membership will do).
2. Go to the forums.
3. Post in the suggestions for the next agenda.
4. The board will discuss it (without Karpeles because that's a conflict of interest).
If you want to remove inputs.io then do the same thing.
Just do it.
@_date: 2014-06-05 21:15:17
I'm pretty sure you didn't read the paper.
@_date: 2014-04-19 23:10:39
Agreed. This is one reason millibits is okay, but bits is not. A bit has a very specific meaning in computer science, and if you're talking about serializing a transaction, it might start getting annoying talking about the bits in your bits. However, luckily the bit as a unit in CS is indivisible, leaving no ambiguity when we say millibit, it's obvious we're talking about Bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-02-11 00:22:37
I wish more people would pay attention to things like this.
If someone wants the board to consider removing inputs.io and mtgox as members then it's very simple:
1. Become a member (it's $30, so a *very* low barrier).
2. Suggest it for the agenda.
The simple fact is nobody in the foundation cares that much whether inputs.io is counted as a member or not. I also don't care if MtGox is. I think they're irresponsible, maybe, and at least a little incompetant, but that doesn't jusitfy throwing away their membership.
There is so much anger that the BF isn't policing their own members, then that they're not doing anything, and then that they're trying to do anything at all.
Having just helped start a similar organisation (Bitcoin Association of Australia) I realise how much bloody work it is to try and start enguaging with regulators and organise events, especially when you're powered by volunteer work.
The entire point of these organisations is to make sure you, and I, and all the pissed off people in this thread don't get arrested for doing something we believe should be a basic human right.
When the first person is arrested for just using Bitcoin and the Foundation steps up and gets behind them legally, I wonder how many people will complain about it being a useless organisation that has no purpose and just needs to die.
If you don't have haters then you're doing something wrong.
@_date: 2014-11-03 10:21:26
I think you're thinking of interest on created money. The problem with fiat -- besides centralization -- is that, like motion, it starts at zero and equal and opposite amounts of credit and debt are created. As more of this takes place, purchasing power of what was credited wanes (so we can buy less) and the numerical value of the corresponding debt grows, such that there is more owed than physically exists. *This* is what creates the savage capitalism we know and love.
You can argue that deflation encourages saving, and inflation encourages spending, but a distributed system of inflation does not make us compete for chicken bones -- money becomes more plentiful, but not more centralized.
Keep in mind I have no formal training in economics so that might all be nonsense.
@_date: 2014-06-03 05:26:43
I've put a copy up on our site now: [
@_date: 2014-03-20 03:28:28
Give it time. The PPA isn't maintained by the official devs and is updated a little more slowly. Unless there's a security issue just apt-get update &amp;&amp; upgrade every once and a while and you'll see it be updated eventually.
@_date: 2014-11-03 11:13:32


That's not true. I am a fan of basic income and care where the money comes from. I can't make the numbers work, but if there's a way to then why not? We *can* steadily work towards it, and a good chunk of the good done through mincome / basic income is on lower SES which is (at least in Australia) not too much of a burden. Life is full of compromise and 'where the money comes from' arguments aren't good enough excuses not to start making some.
@_date: 2014-06-19 03:53:49
There's some pretty strong (justified IMO) backlash against the Ƀ idea.
The only solid reasons for considering it are:
* Already in Unicode
* Not used for a currency yet
There's a push to get a proper Bitcoin symbol (double vertical stroke through B) into Unicode, and there's a process that has been engaged. That's the reason that there is a process, so that we don't have to commandeer another character. If the Bitcoin symbol is accepted into the Unicode standard then neither of those reasons hold up.
Lets focus on doing this right and letting things take time instead of rushing into trying to change the symbol, which is a bloody waste of time. We've got more important things to do.
@_date: 2014-08-03 00:52:56


Ask that question of each of the above 3 options. 2 is the best guess because less needs to happen for that to be true.
@_date: 2014-06-27 02:21:29
I was thinking about this sort of thing the other day, it's nice to have a gui (sort of) of instead of
    while [ 1 ]; do bitcoind getinfo; sleep 1; done
Or something.
Thanks dude!
@_date: 2014-05-15 04:48:40
Try now. Changed the URL to the raw version on github.
@_date: 2014-06-03 05:27:25
Link to position paper: 
@_date: 2014-11-03 11:30:12
It's not black or white dude; it's about choice.
@_date: 2014-06-12 12:31:27
I've done the same. Unsure why.
@_date: 2014-01-13 00:21:00
You've only quoted one definition, in total wikipedia says there are three ways it has been defined in the past: (listing them so everyone is aware)
* any money declared by a government to be legal tender.
* state-issued money which is neither convertible by law to any other thing, nor fixed in value in terms of any objective standard.
* money without intrinsic value.
Before Bitcoin, the difference between each was mostly theoretical. Sure, we had the occasional community currency or private system of notes or whatever, but they were often pegged to the dollar (or w/e) or small enough not to notice. The only exclusions I can think of are scrips or private bank credit voucher-y-things and the like that were heavily used in the US many moons ago. In any case, they are close enough to today's fiat to lump together for this simple explanation.
Because all these forms of money were so similar in constitution, the set of `known systems of money unrelated to commodities` and the set of `known systems of money without intrinsic value` were exactly the same. Since `fiat money` and `money without intrinsic value` were basically the same set, there was no impetus to consider edge cases because they weren't apparent.
Bitcoin breaks some of these rules. Whether it has intrinsic value or not is uncertain, but it does have some monetary use value (hopefully we all admit that) which comes from no authority, but from the market.
At this point there is a strong argument to suggest that Bitcoin does not fit into the category of fiat money (there is no authority behind it so it cannot be fiat money by definition, at least if we're going to stick to our understanding of what 'fiat' means) but is some edge case that sometimes *looks* a little like fiat money but is unquestionably different in many ways. (I would argue the differences between fiat and commodity backed money are less than the differences between fiat and Bitcoin).
In any case, hopefully this explains why the definitions aren't always the best thing to go by, and why it's important to understand the spirit of the word.
The *spirit* of fiat is that a set of money has value because some authority has said it has value. (Usually through legislation). To me, this is the economic equivalent of an `appeal to authority` argument.
Addendum: It's probably also worth while pointing out that the authority doesn't determine what the value of fiat actually *is*, just that it *exists*. The market takes over after that.
@_date: 2014-06-19 03:55:41
'edit the source code' is an understatement.
It involves a hard fork and changing data types, which is not so fun in C/C++.
If we're doing that we may as well work towards infinite divisibility.
@_date: 2014-08-28 00:03:18
Of course it's a troll post: look at the username (Charlie_K_Shrem)
@_date: 2014-01-26 10:00:31
Your Beard!?
Your Glorious Beard?!
@_date: 2014-10-04 01:00:07
It's been called that [for some time]( 
@_date: 2014-06-22 11:40:07


This is the correct answer; versions don't work in base 10. We'll have a 0.10.x, and 0.11.x, and 0.12.x, and so on. 1.0 will take a while and be way closer to mass adoption.
@_date: 2014-01-31 22:17:48
They also ran a successful (and bloody brilliant) conference, give out grants every 3 months, and pay Gavin's salary.
For a group comprised of mostly volunteers, I think they do a pretty good job.
Disclosure: I'm Treasurer of the [Bitcoin Association of Australia](
Just realised I don't know how many of their staff are paid currently, but they were in a large part comprised of volunteers a few months ago.
@_date: 2014-06-21 03:08:29
* Vote on miners
* Breaks neutrality
That's a pretty big negative right there. The PoW system requires anyone to be able to participate, otherwise we end up with oligarchies and cabals. is correct in saying miners get most of their reward from the block, and not transactions, so miners won't really care. In addition, cutting out hashing power only makes our network weaker, and easier to attack.
Neutrality is pretty important for this to work. There are some hard issues to solve but they won't be solved by excluding people.
@_date: 2012-08-15 14:41:03
Dude, I just thought of some epic security! So you have a database and a program like keepassx. The database is stored on physical media in such a way that you only need t of n drives to recover the filesystem. You then pregenerate 100,000 passwords (from random astronomical noise or something) and assign each a unique ID. You have a database on your phone or something that keeps track of which passwords go where (back it up on Wuala/Dropbox, store it insecurely, do whatever; since it doesn't actually contain any information. Say you need 3 of 4 keys; you have one in your wallet (NFC-esq), one in your phone, one stored in a reachable location - perhaps in the cloud (encrypted), and a final key in a safe deposit box (or somewhere else secure) - maybe have 2 - identical - there for good measure. Whatever number and ratio you feel secure with.
Then when you need passwords you put these items down on your desk (since you're working there it's not a hassle) and you gain enough pieces to access your PW database (which is, of course, encrypted with a master password - there's no risk to losing a few of these sub-secret-keys, an issue I shall address soon). You can then copy paste the password, and as soon as you want to close the db you just lift up or disconnect one of the sub-secret-keys and the program locks the db and closes. Very secure, very convenient.
The issue of what if I lose one? 
- You can always recover the main secret with less, so you can then rebuild an arbitrary new one
What if an attacker amasses many of these over time.
- You can mitigate her ability launch that particular attack by including random data between your passwords. By changing small amounts of data in the unencrypted db, the encrypted version will look completely different. The sub-secret-keys will then become a completely novel set of solutions. The previous items collected will be useless!
How does one dispose of the used keys?
- Ensure that what you're storing them on is writeable (perhaps only in certain situations). When you have EVERY device together you overwrite the previous data securely and write on the new database. These moments of syncing the sub-private-keys will allow you to add custom entries to the database too, so you can have other passwords you remember (for common things, like reddit perhaps) that should still be unique but can be less secure, and you don't have to remember all the important passwords that _need_ to be secure, like email, or a local reserve wallet. Anyway, the point is the data is different! So accumulation over time doesn't work as long as you make a new unique set of keys every time you lose one (or maybe have a tolerance of 2, depending) accidentally.
Edit: ~1969 blocks left. Sigh (dual core 1.6ghz atom.)
Edit 2: Yubikey and other 2 factor auth.
- You would need an authentication server. I suppose this is no worse than any RSA / Yubikey / Google Auth style system; you are still required to trust an outside authority (or encrypt the privkey on the filesystem, but you need another password then, so you may as well just make an encrypted file with a password and carry it around on a thumbdrive, so you'd have to have the privkey elsewhere - you could ensure this is trustworthy by running a server yourself somewhere with the secret key and an api only accessible via encrypted means, whether this be SSL or TOR or CJDNS).
- It would be silly to supply the actual privkey of the yubikey, though, so you could simply upload the file-system segment to the authentication server, and this is provided with a successful authentication.
Edit 3: Wait, maybe that's not how yubikeys work; ~~perhaps if you can structure it like a sig, you only need the public key of the private key stored on the yubikey-like-device, and the key produces a signature of some value~~ Not sure if that really matters. Better idea might just be a USB drive that acts as a keyboard mostly that just prints the stored sub-private-key. Isn't that really the same? [No idea myself, but it's a bit to late for me to be working through this now, methinks]
[Actually, I think so, since if someone acquires your yubikey you need to deactivate it, regardless of whether they have a sub-private-key or a method of validation to obtain that sub-private-key, you still need to make sure it won't work in the future. And if you're deactivating a key on a server and getting a new yubikey-like-device (ideally these would be very cheap so they aren't a financial burden) is perhaps just as much effort as just making a new key from scratch (along with all the others, too; ie change random data and re-write the database); the only difference would be if you could ensure that the key-device had not been used to obtain the sub-private-key, but you'd need to react quickly, so it might not be worth the hassle of enabling.]
@_date: 2012-11-06 03:00:40
If you use bitpiggy + direct deposit you send money to Matthew Holrod (if memory serves); spendbitcoins.com is cryptospend (I think).
They're not that sus. Depositing into mtgox is technocash.
But why would it be sus at all? You're just using the bank as a service; the tellers will have no idea what a bitcoin is, let alone why you'd want one.
@_date: 2012-08-27 13:25:10
Thanks for that! Do you know of a link anywhere that I can watch it? I'd like to get a record of what questions were asked and I'm curious to see exactly how bad it was (and the audiences reactions).
I've done a little googling and checked the oggcamp site, but can't find anything :(
@_date: 2012-08-15 02:59:25
Well, it did hit $1Billion recently...
@_date: 2012-10-04 17:33:32
We could argue that it's only mathematically impossible because the laws of physics are so obliging.
The debate then degrades to `different universe implies different maths?` and we get nowhere. 
I think the point is moot.
@_date: 2012-05-23 00:49:53
The monatery incentive is to secure transactions, not provide nodes; everyone connected is a node, granted some aren't full nodes (like mobile clients). The incentive for being a node is simply access to the bitcoin network. So the 'monatry' incentive for ensureing the internet survives isn't to do with fees, it's to do with being able to continue to trade value (ie: send someone some coins).
Furthermore, if bitcoin was on the scale that it could actually offer some incentive to keep the internet up and running, I imagine there would be a bunch of people using it, and so the 'market rate' loses a lot of meaning since btc start to have value outside of fiat currency.
Or are you talking about nodes in a decentralized network akin to CJDNS (or any other dynamicly routed network), and the incentive for getting those up and running?
@_date: 2012-08-14 17:34:25
To me it seems that manipulating a market requires diluting one's powerbase (number of bitcoins in this case); or one must compensate by spending more of another currency (like USD).
The net effect being that manipulation is not sustainable without holding a massive monopoly. If more people enter the market then it requires that manipulation becomes more expensive (since volume can't increase infinity to accommodate).
A few notes: 2x the population does not necessarily correspond to a 2 fold BTCUSD increase. [Seems like you're implying this by saying "nor the size of the bitcoin community doubled with newcomers" when considering the price doubling over the past 2 months]
If these 'manipulators' do crash the market then they will loose a bunch o' coins but that doesn't mean the price will just drop to $0.6 and stay there, and if they try and sell coins more slowly it will cost a lot more. Then the manipulators are out of the market. It takes time and capital to re-enter the market, and I can't imagine they could easily regain the position they have now (if they have one at all).
The organicness of the growth is not simply down to the volume of good exchanged or the size of the community. Internal changes can provide a great deal of growth and this supplemented with the slow increase in community size and trading volume can comfortably explain currently observed long term behaviour - IMO.
And of course I'm guessing:




I'm just providing some reasons for why I'm guessing what I am.
@_date: 2012-11-04 08:47:41
The pool speed is actually ~3.7 Th/s or 3700 Gh/s. At least, that's what the graph indicates.
@_date: 2012-08-15 16:08:23
You're welcome. T'was my pleasure //tips hat
@_date: 2012-08-15 05:37:02
Yeah, I think we've all done this calculation at some point.
That said, I'm not sure that's a particularly likely thing to happen; just like not everyone uses USD (and if they did it would push the price right up (excepting, of course, the money they'd print to try and control that)).
I don't think we'll see &gt;50% use in many/any societies - there will always be a large group who think it's too libertarian, something we can only get around with time and education. We might get to a point where &gt;50% would be possible, but I think there will be something new and more wonderful that comes about since then (using technology we cannot even imagine yet).
@_date: 2012-08-15 05:43:51
If the Bitcoin-qt client implements generating raw tx's (similar to armory) you can keep coins very securely offline; 
* make transaction online (I presume this can be done from the pubkey and maybe the address) - or anywhere really
* take tx to offline computer
* sign with the privkey
* take to online computer and broadcast.
I've been meaning to properly look into what needs to be done to facilitate this, and then making a small easy tool to simply broadcast signed tx's (and maybe even generate the unsigned ones).
@_date: 2012-08-27 14:31:13
I hadn't even thought about the mining &lt;-&gt; voting relationship - thank you! It's an excellent point (though I'll need to throw in the caveat of the possibility that one _massive_ miner could skew the vote; though with the current distribution of mining power I don't think it's too big of an issue). I think it's also worth pointing out that this cannot work forever, unless there's a shift in the demographic of miners. This is because miners do not necessarily accurately represent the Bitcoin community as a whole.
I agree, weusecoins is a very simple explanation of mining, that said, it's difficult to pack the detail of how mining works into ~2 minutes, so I don't blame them particularly, though it would be nice if they at least alluded to the fact that mining is far more complex.
@_date: 2012-08-27 13:40:39
1) I think that's a really important point to raise; and it can (when used appropriately) be the opposite of anonymous. I'll be sure to address that it acts in a pseudo-anonymous capacity by default, though.
2) I think this is one of the most crucial things to bring up - along with explaining exactly why it's not 'backed by nothing'. In addition to the security provided by miners, I'll also be drawing this back to notions of scarcity and how the Bitcoin protocol enforces the _predictable_ minting/creation of Bitcoin. As well as not being able to counterfeit it. [I doubt I'll use the word 'mint' when describing the creation of bitcoins, it's a little too ambiguous and a throwback to traditional currency, and I need to stress that bitcoin is anything but traditional]
@_date: 2012-09-21 17:37:52
All the information is already there, really. I'll have a look at see if the style guidelines (presuming there are some) permit making a new article dedicated to it. 
It just makes the information more spread out though. It's easier to keep one page up to date than it is to keep two. This will stay here, on reddit for the foreseeable future, and will be archived, so the information isn't lost.
@_date: 2012-08-27 14:11:37
I completely agree with not over simplifying it. I want my explanation to be simple, but not simplistic.
As much as possible I'll try and go into the details of mining and exactly why it is _justifiably_ rewarded (with the creation of new coins and tx fees), the main constraint here, I feel, will be time; especially as most people don't have any background in encryption/key pairs/cryptographic methods.
@_date: 2012-08-16 16:26:56
Just wanted to say Thank you, OP. It's good to know there're people in the community like you :)
@_date: 2012-08-27 14:08:30
1. I'm actually writing a short essay on Fictitious Commodities, and will be discussing briefly Bitcoin (probably, if I can fit it in). It's curious because it acts as a medium of value used for exchange, but at the same time is actively _produced_; which is not the case for land, labour, and money [hence the fictitious]. That said, while bitcoins are produced, they are not consumed, whereas traditional commodities are. Bitcoins definitely fall into a grey area, and so I feel the definition of both commodity and currency are paramount to resolving the issue, and neither is yet adequate.
2. I'll certainly be addressing this when I talk about the cryptographic properties of Bitcoin. This also ties in to what I'm talking about in regards to not needing _trust_ to use bitcoin safely.
3. This will be one of the things I stress in the final segment - and also when talking about fiat (IE: being able to get your money back due to CC fraud or the like). This is, of course, weighed up against the risk of having your account frozen / transactions blocked, etc. I'll try and talk about escrow and multi-address authentication for sending coins, which help mitigate these risks.
@_date: 2012-08-27 16:31:58
Thanks for that video! Gives me some nice building blocks.
1. You said "how Bitcoin is both a ..." but never included a second thingy for Bitcoin to be; was there meant to be something there?
That's a good idea with the comparisons, do you think the gold securities market could also be a good example? (to diversify away a little from just USD)
2. I really want to highlight how 'disruptive' Bitcoin will be; it will _force_ innovation and new and exciting enterprises (though 'force' might be a bit loaded). I don't want to stress the deflationary aspect too much, since doing so means I then need to argue against the traditional 'deflation doesn't work because people hoard and don't spend which slows the economy which is bad, therefore inflation' style argument, but I also intend to discuss why a credit-fuelled currency is a bad thing, so I might have to touch on it.
3. That's a really solid point, and I want to stress that it is a startup currency and could fall into the ground at any moment; but it is significant and has real implications because of the knowledge which has been created which will never become broken and useless (merely improved upon or a tool/example by which we can further our understanding of computer science / finance / etc)
@_date: 2012-08-27 12:50:51
I'll most certainly be posting it here :)
I one of the subsections in the finance part will be how bitcoin differs from fiat (debt based being a massive part of that) and particularly _why_ this is beneficial to the user/holder. In addition I'll also be arguing why bitcoin is much better than the gold standard, or other 'resource pegged' currency (which basically comes down to others not being able to devalue your currency without first buying into it; or from the gold standard perspective, you need to buy into it MASSIVELY in order to prevent other nations / individuals having even the _ability_ to devalue your currency).
@_date: 2012-10-04 17:09:54
While this is technically true, it is misleading.
@_date: 2012-08-27 17:52:20
That's a really good idea! And the analogy works really well for Bitcoin as a social movement. I'll be sure to include this (not sure about the level of depth I'll be able to manage, but I love it!)
Thanks :)
@_date: 2012-10-06 15:49:03
More people need to understand this. If you think TBF will inevitably become corrupt, the best prevention is *getting involved*. One could even only pay membership fees in the year that voting for the board takes place.
@_date: 2012-08-15 17:21:10
I'm having issues with bitcointalk, but the latter two seem fine. Though mtgox appears to have some caching troubles:


@_date: 2012-08-25 17:55:10
You might do well to note you're talking specifically about the government of the USA (presumably). Iceland's government isn't as mean, for example. 
Remember that the USA is still democratic, and 'government' is just the people that make it up. The problem with the USA isn't so much any legislation or foundation or something; it's that people aren't active in their local and national political sphere. Don't like how the government is acting? Why not start doing something about it?
@_date: 2012-11-06 22:31:07
Nope; well, there might be some flags there somewhere, but I certainly haven't noticed them. Besides, not sure if banks would share them.
Cryptospend and technocash are business names connected to or in partnership with the aforementioned businesses.
@_date: 2012-10-04 17:27:03
Perhaps, but you start by using the word "printing" in a way that doesn't work with normal connotations. That's exactly why we use the terms mining and auditing, because they describe the difficulty and the function. (Maybe we should call them mauditors or something)
@_date: 2012-10-13 06:42:40
I doubt this. You would have to be on a *very* slow machine.
Are you using disk encryption? Because the Bitcoin reference client can be very HDD heavy it cooperates very badly with encryption. I think it's something like 6x slower. My solution (Ubuntu w/ encrypted home dir) was to symlink blkindex.dat, blk0001.dat and blk0002.dat to a folder (like /notEnc) which you have write access to.
Blockchain verification happens when the "loading bitcoin" logo thing comes up (for bitcoin-qt) I believe. This should not take very long, relatively speaking. 
For me currently:
* blk0001.dat is ~2 Gb
* blk0002.dat is ~1.3 Gb
* blkindex.dat is ~1.1 Gb
Bitcoin may just be writing to the end of those files (instead of properly realising it needed to read them), did you delete everything in ~/.bitcoin/ besides bitcoin.conf and wallet.dat when you loaded the new blockchain in? (I understand that all the db related files are used by bitcoin when loading the blockchain - or maybe I just infer this)
@_date: 2012-09-25 02:22:13
Hey evoken1, I made a post about this a few days ago. 
Cash deposit type things work like this:
* Place order
* Deposit cash
* Later that day BTC is sent
@_date: 2012-10-14 13:09:40
Bitcoind via cli will have loaded all the blocks before any RPC will work. Downloading happens after the initialisation, so you shouldn't be able to 'watch' it loading the blockchain, only downloading it.
It's possible you're using the wrong version of libdb. Did you compile this yourself? In this case you should be compiling with libdb-4.8 and libdb-4.8++. (This will be the writing to the end of the file senario. Although bitcoind doesn't find the previous blocks, it writes to blk0002.dat and the end of blkindex.dat.)
How did the -loadblock go?
@_date: 2012-10-04 17:06:13


This isn't true. This is what is required for a split in the blockchain:
* You start producing blocks with different generation algorithm.
* Someone else starts sending you these blocks (and possibly you start sending new blocks back, or just generate them for yourself).
You can make a fork (or split) of the bitcoin network really easily, but 1 or 2 clients against many does not a war make. Your new blocks and transactions would be useless and rejected by all but you and your friends on the same chain. That is, if you care about the main chain. It could be perfectly useful. You might decide to make a fork *particularly because* it won't work with the main chain, and so you can start from *specific, definite, verifiable* starting points (I'm thinking a game or simulation where you need the starting point to be difficult to attain, but not costly to the player, the advantage over a separate cryptocurrency might be no pre-mining possible). Anyway, that's just an idea.
The point is that causing a split in the blockchain won't do you much good for your bitcoins. You *need* to be with the majority to spend them and use them.
This becomes greyer when you get a near 50/50 split, since you want to send coins to people on both sides (this would be catastrophic for the bitcoin community btw, I imagine it would be very difficult to ever repair if it went on for very long (a situation where transactions made more than one transaction after the split are lost); people wouldn't want the possibility that they'd lose money)
Luckily, due to the above long parenthetical statement (or rather, its content) we can see this would probably be a very unstable equilibrium (as people are eager for it *not* to happen), so a switch would have to be *very* highly co-ordinated, such that those that did switch (say 70%+) wouldn't suffer much inconvenience (like the loss in hashing power) but those that were left (~30%) would have a very rough time since the difficulty was still so high. They would then be forced to change in order for their coins to still be useable (remember that 70% of people now use an incompatible network).
Also remember that miners won't get paid if they don't side with the people *spending* the coins, so their hands are tied too. **However**, we can directly measure the *influence* a miner has and use this as a rough 'voting' system.
@_date: 2012-09-21 11:03:23
I believe that is for an international wire transfer thing. I've never made one (with MtGox or otherwise).
I'm referring above to a domestic transfer through Technocash - an intermediary. See [this]( for more info.
You can use it by first changing the currency to AUD in MtGox, then going to ways of depositing money.
@_date: 2012-08-15 09:20:47
That project looks really cool!


Nail on the head my good sir! We need to realise when new and interesting technologies come along that provide things like transparency (in, say, a voting system) which previously couldn't be done so easily (lots of work) but can now be _built-in_. That is why Bitcoin is bigger than the currency, and will have HUGE implications over the next few decades methinks.
@_date: 2012-08-27 15:42:39
:D, I'm excited to be able to use your site! (I love the new pay-what-you-want feature, btw). I'll have the laptop I'm giving the presentation on, with some coins in two bitcoin mainline clients (one in a VM that hosts Armory), and I'll try and include Electrum too, but it's a really good point, plus if I can show multiple ways of paying (blockchain/bitcoinspinner app + QR code is what I'm currently thinking - for maximal geek arousal, ofc), I can't see how that wouldn't help.
I'm aiming for 60 minutes - which is longer than it's meant to be. But, as you allude, the deeper tech might be a little too much (especially in one sitting). If I can get even a few people to google-up Bitcoin and learn a little more about it then I'll consider the presentation a success. Hopefully distributing the recording can help this too.
I've not looked into bitcoin apps for a little while, thanks for the suggestion of BitcoinSpinner, it looks pretty neat (and I'm liking all the remote-blockchain-local-wallet style applications that are starting to mature).
@_date: 2012-08-28 01:48:00
Thanks for that, not sure where it'll best fit, but I'll try and get it in there somewhere.
@_date: 2012-08-15 05:38:34
I can't speak from experience, but if it's just a small amount of money I think you'd be quite fine. Dwolla care because of fraud, MTGox care because of massive fraud - so small amounts should be fine.
@_date: 2012-08-15 05:32:04
I completely agree with all that.


I suppose one of the issues with gauging whether the economy (or the people) are ready for a larger community, demand, value, etc. is there being no real way of measuring Bitcoin's "equivalent" value, especially since its full utility is not yet known.
Thought it seems like sometimes people take this to mean "it could have any value", or "it's ready for any value" which comes from a poor understanding of sociology and economics (most of us are techies, so this is expected) or alternatively a poor understanding of technology (if we're talking about the finance-y folks involved in the community). I suspect the transition into this mode of thinking - at some level - is what lead to the massive spike last year, and since then those issues are more completely understood by the members of the community (which is also reflected in the growing and maturing community - both economically and technologically).


I think $22 USD is a pretty good mark to draw, and it seems plausible that a small contraction could occur following the block halving excitement (with a possible high right before).
I suspect that if feb/march yields $20, the relative stability over the prior 2-3 months (provided BTCUSD rises above $20 before the start of dec) will spark a small (possibly quite slow) run up to $30 (big psychological barrier there). However, if my silly simplistic growth hypothesis holds it will be somewhere in may (probably closer to the middle) where we will see another breakout, possibly much, much higher due to a renewed confidence in the ability of Bitcoin to hold value (ironically, perhaps). The last explosion lead to 30x the price, if we had a mere fraction of that (say 10x) from the long $20-$30 period of consolidation (nov/dec to may - nearly 6 months) the new high could be hundreds of dollars a bitcoin. If we presume a contraction for like 4 months of a comparable amount (1/3 of a 15x contraction over 6 months = 4-5x contraction; seems fair-ish) we would only need the high to be $300 to see the value fall to $70+.
A less elegant but conceptually similar argument would go: 8 months (2 minima) [4/4/11 to 18/11/11] equated to a price increase of 4x-ish [$0.55 to $2]. If there is a corresponding event in may next year, by the begining of 2013 we would see an exchange rate of $80-$120. So I see it as pretty plausible.
Thanks for the input, always nice to talk to someone more experienced than oneself! [I've known about bitcoin for nearly 2 years now, but haven't watched the community or exchange behaviours nearly as closely.]
@_date: 2012-09-21 08:40:50
[Sadly it seem the best is "soon"]( Maybe someone will give us a tidbit or two (*hint*)
@_date: 2012-08-15 16:33:19
Awesome, dude, I've never thought payment processing had that much say in the matter, but it makes perfect sense, really.
@_date: 2012-08-27 16:43:37


I completely agree; however, I don't think contemporary currencies and the processes surrounding those are a good place for people to grasp on to. I feel it will setup an overly complex and assumptive schema which will ultimately hinder their ability to fully grasp the genius of the Bitcoin protocol. (By which I mean the produce of all the pieces, since on their own none of the pieces are that remarkable)
I plan on introducing them to new concepts through analogy and allegory, and your comparison between gold and Bitcoin there is very apt in the context of mining. The difficulty is that there exists no analogy that completely explains the Bitcoin network, which is precisely why it is so unintuitive. When attempting to explain the properties of Bitcoin I need to be careful not to allow my analogies to be over-extended, as that then hinders understanding (like trying to explain gravity through the ball-on-a-sheet analogy; it works but only for a few and basic properties).
I'll be using gold for a few analogies because it works quite well for _some_ properties of Bitcoin, but it doesn't translate into the transparency property, for example.


Of course; however, when talking about convincing people it's important to remember what I'm convincing them of. I don't want to convince people that Bitcoin is somehow going to solve all our problems or that it's the best thing since sliced break, because (at least currently) it's neither. What Bitcoin is, though, is a massive breakthrough in socio-political-economics/finance, and that it holds many and varied consequences for not just the econ/finance side of life, but also everything from commerce to politics to liberty to culture. It acts as a huge bridge between the libertarian philosophy and collectivist philosophy; something that isn't always easy. I want to convince people that Bitcoin is significant, more than anything else, I think.
@_date: 2012-09-18 13:16:16
I just make a new folder for each backup. The files are pretty tiny so you'll never use up gigabytes worth. Then you don't have to delete them.
@_date: 2012-08-01 14:56:14
Upvote for the armory method. This means you don't need a client that connects to a server at all, which feels more in keeping with the bitcoin spirit. 
* Use online computer to generate the unsigned transaction (needs to be a watching-only wallet it seems, but that's simple) from the desired address.
* Have armory connected to offline bitcoin-qt, use the generate a transaction offline feature. Put in the unsigned transaction, get signed transaction.
* Copy the signed transaction with whatever method you like (the transaction can only be used for what you signed now, so you could put it on pastebin and not worry - correct me here someone if I'm wrong) and put it into the online armory, then hit broadcast.
That way you can send coins as long as you have a broadcast point for the signed transaction. (Is there already a service that does that? It might be simple to do so, maybe I should see how difficult that would be...)
EDIT: I would like to point out that armory is alpha. I had some issues a few versions back (I have a strange setup with VPN and stuff for Uni) but Alan is quite responsive and was glad for the bug report. Since then I haven't had any problems (with 0.81 - didn't use versions after 0.76 or 0.77 if there were any until .81). 
*Armory is quite good but don't let it bite you in the arse, make sure you have proper backups*
Second edit for clarification: I never lost anything, but Armory decided not to start. There were two separate issues that independently caused this at different points. This network is complicated though (Manual proxies + NATed VPN)
@_date: 2012-03-23 05:20:59
Of course it didn't. I wasn't about to post it to reddit without using it :P
@_date: 2012-08-15 12:14:36
I agree that my current methods of "predicting" what will happen are simplistic and probably very flawed. However, it _is_ better than a pure guess. That doesn't mean it is any more correct; however, having some information allows for a more informed decision - even if the end result is as correct as creationism.
I'm sure there are a lot of people who would pay for it. Doesn't the fact that nobody is doing that (in a community with a high proportion of rather educated people, too) suggest something though? If people could predict a market I think there is more money to be made than in bitcoin.
For the moment I think bitcoinbullbear is the best we have on that front. (Even if you think it's bullshit, it's still the best we have [that I know of, at least])
@_date: 2012-08-27 14:40:54
You could even set up a little port-forwardy-to-proxy type thing (as in connect to 127.0.0.1:1234) that pushes things through a proxy. That said, mining clients should just support proxies; there's no reason they can't! [That I know of]
@_date: 2012-08-27 14:42:27
I would recommend taking a look at proxychains or proxifier (and similar projects). They will allow you to push all or some traffic through a proxy, which should allow you to mine. Though, as already pointed out, you won't be getting much with a laptop (probably).
@_date: 2012-08-27 14:13:43
They 'exist' in nature simply because they are produced at a constant rate; but there isn't any predefined coins that are mined (and so it differs from gold and oil) but it does require work to produce (similar to gold and oil). See [here]( for what I have to say on whether bitcoins are a commodity or not.
@_date: 2012-08-06 00:22:19
Most of my BTC have been bought at ~10% fee (using AUD) and TBH, bitcoin has swings of 10% some days. You're not buying bitcoin because you're looking to double your money in 3 years, you're buying bitcoins because it might well be worth ten fold in 3 years (or less). 10%? I think it's more important to own them than to get them as cheap as possible. 
@_date: 2012-08-20 05:50:43
Yeah, I think many of us are in that boat.
I bought some at ~$13.5. That said, I bought more today at ~$10.5 (AUD, thought mrbitcoins; it's a shame spendbitcoins are now so expensive, I liked them), and it's a little bubble (relatively speaking, if this is Pirate's shenanigans, that is) so we should recover quickly (less than 5 months this time) - maybe..
In any case, it's worth remembering that there's a lower trend curve which is currently holding:  (log scale, remember, so the curve is actually an exponential). Provided this holds... well, see [here](
@_date: 2012-08-27 18:02:07
It's collectivist because it requires a great deal of cooperation; without complying to the network protocol your bitcoins are worthless (like producing blocks with a lower difficulty, or trying to forge them, or something similar). It isn't collectivist in the sense of redistribution of wealth, or providing things free of charged; but it is in the sense that without cooperation bitcoin couldn't exist (even better is that the rules for this cooperation, or maybe more appropriately, agreement on the protocol, is what facilitates bitcoin's security and value). I've used a small 'b' here because for lighter uses of a bitcoin-like protocol not all properties are required; a good example might be an application where transparency is key but decentralisation is not - like keeping public records that serve simply as a record in a blockchain-like construction.
I've been careful to say collectivist and not socialist or communist or Marxist. Bitcoin is an example of cooperation in an anarchistic environment for collective benefit [having a financial system], as well as individual freedom [being able to do what you wish with value that you hold].
@_date: 2012-08-28 01:44:58
Yeah, I'm not tied to the word, and I don't think I'll be getting that deep into philosophy; especially when it's essentially just speculation.
@_date: 2012-08-27 14:22:54
Thanks synths! I might actually end up redoing it if I can't fit everything in (and distribute it in parallel to the live one).
Hopefully I can even help Bitcoiners understand things a little more soundly - since there seems to be at least a few members of the community who, while agreeing with Bitcoin, don't have a 'fair and balanced' understanding.
@_date: 2012-08-27 16:59:44
A hash, or at least most hashing algorithms I know of, does not allow for easily 'appending' data (to the inputs, that is). If you have a hash of valueA, and you want to calculate the hash of valueA+valueB, you must first obtain both values, and then apply the algorithm. While storing a hash of the blockchain might be useful to validate it, you cannot easily add to it. Furthermore, what are you validating the hash against? The original blockchain! How can you validate the hash without the original blockchain (or rather, a hash of) to compare it to?
In addition, you can't check if a transaction has or has not occurred with just a hash of the blockchain (plug for merkle trees, they can do this a bit, and they are used for exactly that reason, quickly checking if transactions are included in a block; if so, then scan the block - I _think_). 
Also, There are hashes of particular blocks hardcoded into the Bitcoin mainline client to prevent 51% attacks past certain points.
I guess the point of all this is what's the use of the hash? (After all, we already have hashes of pretty much everything: txs, blocks, etc).
It might be useful if you were to say download all blocks _past_ a hashed block (the hash for which is hardcoded into the client), but you can't then validate transactions completely (unless the coins have been generated after said block).
@_date: 2012-08-27 18:19:25
Thank you for those links. 
The first part is very brief (under 3-4 minutes) and is simply designed to give people a very basic outline; however, it might be more advantageous to mash the first two together; to explain the rise and creation of bitcoin in parallel with the purpose (or what we can guess to be the purpose) and current goals of the project and how they are directly related to the inadequacies of our current financial institution.
{some time passes, 4 min 40 sec to be exact-ish}
I'm that far into the first video, and already, thank you for that link. I'm starting to see exactly what you mean. I feel a bit of a redesign coming on; using pretty much this structure. I'll update this a bit more when I finish watching.
Update: Yup, I'm certainly going to replan the presentation. I'm also going to be renaming it to emphasise why people should care. Thanks again hazekBTC!
@_date: 2012-08-15 02:47:16
High of $15 then it stagnates until a breakout? or it reaches $15 then drops down to something like $7 again?
Also, looking at the depth (right now)[ there is still the potential for some big swings, but as long as everything stays 'quiet' I can see where you're coming from.
@_date: 2012-01-22 23:37:29
PMed, will shout him 0.4 btc once he/she replies
@_date: 2012-08-15 15:55:58
Another thing will be an inflation of the user-base suddenly will lead to more inexperienced users entering the market. This might lead to people accidentally doing stupid things and a new wave of badly designed industry which will, similarly to a hastily constructed bridge, not withstand the stresses of the bitcoin economy (and perhaps not any economy) and end up collapsing in some way. Whether that be not storing backups of the 17,000 coin wallet [bitomat], or having more security issues than bitcoinica, or even just being a scam. (Anyone remember MyBitcoin?) These are all examples of hastily ill-thought-out products which are the product of cowboy programmers, not an organised professional production team with a solid developmental process (and testing). That's not to say everything is unprofessional, but there is definitely a cowboy feeling. The great digital frontier my friend, where any one can ride out into the sunset of great adventure and booty! I'm very sure that a fair few people have played around with the idea of remaking a bitcoinica [Only right this time!], how hard that would be, maybe they've even started toying around. That thinking is incredibly reflective of the cowboy mentality given off by technology (rise of the indie game recently, for example); and bitcoin exemplifies that to a T. Fucking love it!
Why do you say it's better without speculators? Do you just think it will be less likely to produce a massive breakout? It might actually be that the outside speculators (day trade-y type people) act as noise, and help dampen the more unified underlying long term _productive_ speculation of the core community. I have no idea if there is any evidence for or against that idea, but it seems like it could possibly be the case.
I do, however, agree that `confidence, services, and the block halving` will provide much needed integral strong infrastructure (both software, hardware and business models), capable of supporting a quickly growing load (in untested waters no less) safely and sustainably with a depreciating currency. Perhaps vendors can sell their wares at a lower-than-market price [which will attract those outside the community to use bitcoin for the price advantage] to compensate for your coins being worth less tomorrow [because they'll get the profit on that]. Though, I still think hunger and hedonism will force us to maintain luxurious lifestyles - because guess what, you can start saving any time (just like compound interest!) but we all use that as an excuse not to start _today_. We can continue to spend like we do, and best of all a little bit of saving goes a long way (we desperately need to promote saving in today's society). This, coupled with a depreciation discount can help maintain a stable economy without sacrificing productivity. 
That said the depreciation discount will fail (methinks) with deflation as high as it is; you'd need something more stable, like a few percent (maybe up to 15% - after all, inflation has been there before; no idea if it matters or not, mind) to allow a slight _safe_ gamble. As long as this was a variable rate (like the price of fuel) individual store owners could adjust this to suit the market - not sure if it should be allowed to go negative, that would be interesting [not sure if that would cause inflation to be better or worse (since presumably the 'deflation discount' would be negative if inflation were occuring - though perhaps that would force spending up and restore confidence (this could work quite well in a bitcoin economy, since there's a limited number of units, so it will find a natural equilibrium based on the size of the population and utilization when we allow the deflation discount to be negative. (Maybe it would be possible to model the interactions of the three, that would be interesting)).








Fuck, my brain's all tired. Is there a theory that says all that at the moment? I'm a little stoned and that came off the top of my head. (Hence the rambly-ness, sorry).
To finish: I wouldn't mind it if the market slowed down a little, too.
@_date: 2012-11-17 23:37:24
Why be negative/aloof just because you don't like their license? You don't have to donate, but surely you can agree it's better for as many projects as possible to start using and accepting bitcoin, regardless of whether you like them or not?
@_date: 2012-08-22 12:55:36
If you're in Australia (or can send an Aussie bank transfer) bitpiggy.com accepts only bank transfers.
@_date: 2012-08-15 16:26:59
You get 10/10 for style if it's a mechanical system.
@_date: 2012-10-04 18:09:32
That is a good point, I hadn't thought about that side of the coin.
I agree with you, now.
@_date: 2012-08-15 14:23:48
Fuck dude, thanks! That seems almost exactly what I'm looking for (and I won't have to re-code anything tooled particularly for bitcoin!)
I love that I can understand why it works simply and intuitively, unlike linear algebra soln's (points on a polynomial is a so elegantly applied here).
My main computer is down atm (bought a new case, the 24 pin atx power cable now doesn't reach /facepalm) so I'm on a shitty laptop; I've got ~2000 blocks to go syncing. When they're done the first thing I'm going to do is send some coins yonder.
Epic dude, thankyou!
@_date: 2012-08-15 05:08:42
Do you agree with the idea that this forms a sort of "phase" that is along the way to wider 'full-er' use (like buying goods and services and paying rent and all that)?
If you're talking about the Bitcoin protocol, then I can only see that it will lead to a financial revolution.
_However_, we must remember that there is the protocol, but there is also Bitcoin the blockchain. Using the protocol doesn't necessitate using the previously established economy - a good example would be a private internal bitcoin network that can be used for things like voting: this is something that benefits from the advent of Bitcoin the protocol, however, doesn't utilise the Bitcoin economy at all and therefore won't have much of an effect on the 'value' of 1 BTC.
I see no reason why this couldn't be extended and what we've learned utilised to create something like a somewhat decentralized national currency [Something I think Greece should take this opportunity to do] that can be centrally distributed and controlled, in much the same way as today's currencies, but with a VISA style system _built in_.
These are what the protocol will give us. The utility of Bitcoin the currency to move value in and out of local currencies is particular to Bitcoin the decentralised-politically-unaffliated-p2p-cryptocurrency (or at least, very well facilitated by).
I feel like it's important to keep in mind the two are different and non-dependant on each other.
NB: I've used "Bitcoin the currency" and "Bitcoin the economy" interchangeably above.
@_date: 2012-09-21 08:31:28
:), it's my pleasure.
I needed some way to keep track of all of this, so I figured why not share
@_date: 2012-08-15 09:44:19
* So, here is the buildup: 
* And with a log scale: 
We can see that there was pretty massive growth very quickly. Bitcoin got a lot of press at that point (silk road featuring, ofc) and the excitement pushed the price through the roof. Then, everyone was like 'wtf, this doesn't make sense' and so people started panic selling. After the immediate panic was over BTCUSD ended up at like $17.
* The decline: 
Over the next 5 months there's the fallout from that bubble, as prices slowly fell to market equilibrium. The equilibrium curve is increasing (generally speaking), though is pretty much a conceptual idea at this point (how can we measure it?).
Over that decline there were a few major incidents, but nothing that pushed the exchange rate through the floor or anything like that, and it always recovers reasonably quickly. {Example: [MyBitcoin]( collapsed early August. There was a pretty big impact on the market, but it only lasted a few weeks before BTCUSD was back to the 'expected rate of decline'}
If you want to check out how people felt at various times, have a read of this: 
I started reading [here - august -]( but you might want to start at [may]( That gives you a reasonable idea of sentiments from July-November I suppose.
Looking back almost a year exactly it's funny to see [how people felt [the atlantic]](
Also found this, lol: 
@_date: 2012-08-27 16:51:21
This is the fine line between oversimplification (or making it simplistic) and simplification (or making it simple). _I_ don't understand all the nuances of cryptography that bitcoin delves into (though I do understand the general principles surrounding public key encryption, enough to understand why I can trust the Bitcoin network - or maybe, don't need to trust). As you say, most people aren't geeks. That's why my presentation will be split up the way it is; there's a little technical stuff, a bit of finance, a bit more on the technical side (no real encryption stuff, but enough for people to begin to understand) and then the real world applications as they are now (and possible future applications, especially outside the Bitcoin sphere).
I really do have to keep that in mind, though. Finding that nice medium where people have a good balance of detail and accessibility.
I think I might go with a lock and key approach to addresses and privkeys; and tell people that privkeys are basically a magic number with special properties that is difficult to guess. I must think more on the analogies in particular, as this is what will give people the accessibility they need.
@_date: 2012-08-12 06:48:41
It all checks out dude: 
You can't generate a unique address by the looks though; you need to do that through their IRC server, which is down.
@_date: 2012-08-26 04:32:56
I've bought a reasonable amount of BTC with Mr. Bitcoins. I consider the enterprise legitimate.
@_date: 2012-08-27 18:05:20
I will be. I'll release as much of it as possible under Creative Commons, so you'll be free to do with it as you wish :)
I'm currently making the presentation in Keynote, but I'll try and make available as many formats as possible (pdf at the very least).
@_date: 2012-08-15 05:51:09
In addition to this you can also split it so that you only need m-of-n seconds of the private key to recover the whole thing.
I found a topic on bitcointalk the other day describing this - basically you set up a grid, run some xor's and use linear algebra to define m and n so you can solve it to get the whole privkey!
Will try to find it later when I've time.
* Thread: [link](
* [wiki: two factor paper wallet](
* [wiki: Proposed_specification_for_a_multi-part_key_using_EC_multiplication](
* [wiki: K_of_N_redundant_offline_private_key_proposal](
I'm going to try and build a simple tool to deal with this; since I'd very much like to do this for not just Bitcoin, but also encrypting data more generally with regards to stuff like passwords in wills and the like (because wallets are encrypted and I don't want BTC lost just because I end up dead)
@_date: 2012-10-04 16:47:46
This isn't completely correct (not sure if you're simplifying the answer or not), as per my understanding, at least. (So, yes, I'm hijacking the top post)
The answer goes something like this: [Edit: note, I think there's an implicit assumption that making blocks is difficult, in my argument, that is]
The bitcoin network produces and validates blocks. If your blocks aren't validated then any 'custom' changes you've put in there yourself (to the data in the block, that is) will mean it is rejected by the network.
The bitcoin network does not know how you're generating the block, all they check is the * validity* of the block.
This is based on the data within the block (take an example block here if you want: 
You would have to include transactions that are invalid in order to 'print' coins (we're presuming to 'print' here means produce without effort or less effort than mining).
They are invalid because every transaction involving any of those coins is traced back to a coinbase transaction (each block has one (and only one - I think) transaction with 0 inputs and 1 or more outputs)) - 


    "prev_out":{
        "hash":"0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000",
        "n":4294967295
    },


**Now for the meaty bits** These coinbase transactions must conform to certain rules, or more correctly, they must appear to conform to certain rules. Those rules are the same rules (or maybe algorithm is a better word), the same algorithm that says there will be no more than 21 million BTC. 
**However**; that is not a rule. The rule is that there is a block reward, that after every 210,000 blocks the reward halves, and that this pattern begins (ie: the genesis block) with a reward of 50 BTC. [If you do the math]( you see that the number "21 Million" simply falls out of this geometric progression. (The cumulative total).
In addition to this, the coinbase transaction should take all the transaction fees (or more accurately, all the coins that otherwise wouldn't exist, since they're not actually 'transacted') and adds them to this reward.
This means, that to 'print' money, the devs would need to alter these coinbase transactions, which cannot be done (since everything is verifiable from within that and all previous blocks). This means that they could "change the algorithm" as long as it produced the expected results *only for the block it publishes*. All devient blocks would be ignored.
What happens if their friends start accepting these blocks?
Well, you end up with the system splitting - but the majority split (most likely a very large proportion) won't notice much, while you and your friends have a *very* slow bitcoin network (since you're the only people hashing but the difficulty is still high) with coins you can't spend besides within your own little group. A better alternative is make a new cryptocurrency-esq thing (many have come out, litecoin and namecoin being two pseudo successful ones; most collapse quickly), though that is another story (then they can print their own coins, but they'd be useless - look at what happened with a few other cryptocurrencies and pre-mining).
That means, for your coins to remain valid, you *have* to stay with the network. The reality is that many things are probably cemented into place because of this (like the algorithm we use to mine - sha256 based; it would take a *very* large proportion of the community to reach a smoothish transition (like 70%+ coordinated move)), since trying to change by yourself means you can't use your coins anymore (if you're mining nobody will accept your blocks with your transactions in), or you just don't accept new blocks (if you're a client; this means you can't spend or obtain coins).
And **that** is why nobody can print money, but also your money is safe. Everyone *needs* the co-operation of everyone else.
@_date: 2012-08-27 13:36:07
I'd rather stay away from growth projections (though I've voiced my view on that more than once here). This is because I don't want to focus so much on Bitcoin as the currency and economy that it is currently, since the potential uses and cultural value that can be gained is _much_ more important IMO.
I'll have some graphs of BTCUSD and draw some basic conclusions on the evening, but that will only be for those interested and after the main talk if time permits; I don't want to encourage bubble making behaviour, and I don't want people throwing away their life savings if it collapses (well, what little savings Uni students have :P).
I will, of course, be disclosing that I am invested in Bitcoin, but I'll try and keep all that market-y stuff separate; I see it as a special case, as opposed to the broader implications of the Bitcoin software in terms of economics, politics, culture, and design.
Legal implications will be very interesting, and I'll try and include a bit about that; however, I'm no lawyer, and there hasn't been any real legal decisions in the 'real world' yet as far as I'm aware of. I will try and include some basic possible legal implications if various things are legislated, though (like currency vs commodity and the like).
Thanks for the suggestions!
@_date: 2012-08-15 02:39:48
I'll put my bets for this around the end of 2016.
@_date: 2012-08-15 16:39:07


I'm glad you feel that way. I treat the situation similarly, though I also see Bitcoin as a mechanism I can exploit so that I can remain without financial obligations (like worrying how I shall pay rent and type thing) through the remainder of my life. This allows me to engage in activities which are interesting and productive - and I feel I have far more to offer society in that type reality. (That's not as bad as it sounds, though. I don't think I'll ever stop working, though I'm not sure how that might change over the coming years)
@_date: 2012-08-27 14:39:32
I think miners can easily work with proxies; but only if the mining pool uses HTTP. If it does, then sweet, something like proxychains can help.
Sending them only requires you to broadcast a tx. I'm working on (and will hopefully finish, soon) a little raw-tx broadcaster (using the beta version of bitcoin which supports sendrawtransaction) which will help facilitate totally offline wallets (provided you use blockchain.info or blockexplorer to figure out how many coins your address actually has - someone will then need to implement the ability to generate txs from arbitrary addresses. I've had a look and it doesn't seem there's any way to generate an unsigned transaction for any address out there; like a site, that is)
@_date: 2012-09-21 09:09:26
I can't register. It complains "Sorry, you must fill in all fields."
I don't know if I'm doing someone wrong or if it's broken (it is in beta after all). Also, not sure if an invitation code is needed.
I'll add it to the list above, but will note that I can't register and that it is still in beta.
Cheers for linking me - I'll keep an eye on it.
@_date: 2011-06-19 19:15:00
AND MY SWORD
@_date: 2011-08-09 09:42:20
I have 5. If anyone wants to pm me, I can send you one also.
@_date: 2013-05-08 00:52:03
It's very different to ripple, and isn't based on trust-networks at all.
Ripple still has it's place - perhaps - as Marketcoin can't interface directly with fiat.
@_date: 2013-09-08 11:35:20
GPU Mining is more profitable if you're mining Litecoin.
If you're mining with a GPU on the Bitcoin network ATM you're probably making a loss when you consider power costs.
@_date: 2013-05-31 01:17:35
It seems that someone, yesterday no less, is proposing this: 
June 12th in Martin Place.
Sadly I'll be out of the country that week, though :(
@_date: 2013-06-12 14:13:40
I don't think that a party will bring it in, simply because both the Pirate Party and the Future Party (in Australia at least) aren't well supported enough to win a seat. I think the true impetus will come from independents (which is why I'll be running for the Senate in ~2016 for Australia).
What we need, before embracing transparent voting systems, is effective voting systems, something the preferential system in Australia doesn't provide.
Once we develop fair elections we can worry about accountability of elections.
That said, I wouldn't expect any western nations to take this up first. I suspect we'll see electronic voting via a bitcoin-style system in the developing world far before we see it in the developed world, especially considering their relationship with technology.
@_date: 2013-07-15 01:31:22
Start one dude! I'm sure there are a few people in Adelaide who'd like to get together for drinks. Doesn't need to be anything much, just a point of contact is a good place to start.
@_date: 2013-12-09 23:21:02
Awesome, thanks. I couldn't find the auto-flag (which is why I moved it to the top) but didn't spend long looking.
@_date: 2013-09-09 21:23:25
Life isn't too bad, though we did just elect a twit as our Prime Minister. Hopefully not many of his bullshit ideas (he doesn't acknowledge climate change, for example) will get through our senate, but we shall see.
Hopefully I'll be in the US sometime before the next conference, would love to come down and see Seans Outpost first hand!
Till then!
@_date: 2013-07-28 10:37:22
Confirmations are a measure of how 'cemented' a transaction is. With many confirmations it becomes *very* difficult to 'undo' a transaction, and with a few confirmations it is easier, but still difficult. When a transaction has zero confirmations it has propagated through the network but has not yet been included in any block. This means most nodes are aware of this transaction. The transaction is valid, but there is no guarantee it will be included in a block.
Once a node has heard of a transaction, they will not record or remember conflicting transactions. So if you try to broadcast a conflicting transaction well after the original (say a few minutes) there is a high probability it will be ignored. This gets a little more complex if you factor in fees (theoretically; practically this won't cause a miner to replace the first tx with the second, currently). Presuming that what people hear of first is what they presume is valid (standard behaviour) there is a reasonable chance the first tx will be recorded in a block and become confirmed. Most people don't want to go to the effort of defrauding someone of $4 for the coffee, since you'd spend more money trying to mine an alternate, conflicting chain than you would save, so it is fairly reasonable to expect those transactions to be confirmed.
Sending 2 conflicting transactions to two 'sides' of the network at the same time is one way to try and defraud people (vendor hears of tx1 first and miner hears of tx2, tx1 conflicts with tx2). Bitcoin-QT 0.9 will include double-spend detection to help defend against this attack. You can read more in the latest Bitcoin Foundation Core Update.
**To answer your question:** BitPay are taking a risk with zero-conf transactions. Zero-conf transactions are *ALWAYS* insecure.
As a side note, there is tonnes of info on all this. It is very well documented. Check out the bitcoin wiki for more detail.
@_date: 2013-09-17 05:40:22
Short answer, you can't.
lock_time prevents you from adding a transaction to the block chain before a particular time; it won't help you keep those transactions unspent.
Lock time is designed to allow for transaction replacement, the exact opposite of what you want to do.
A transaction is final if:
* lock_time is in the past
* OR
* the sequence number is SEQ_MAX (which is 0xFFFFFFFF)
If a transaction is final it may be spent.
A non-final transaction cannot be included in a block.
From the wiki:


@_date: 2013-05-30 03:03:14
This is similar though not exactly the same as an experience I had more than a year ago. Early last year I put an order through Bitpiggy just after Mat had changed bank accounts and re-opened the exchange. The next morning at 10am or so I received a call, not asking if I was buying Bitcoin or the rate, but simply confirming I had authorized the transaction. This surprised me at the time because it was only $200 or so, nothing massive. Since then I've transferred thousands (thank you tax return) and never had any more contact from NAB on the matter. That said, I wouldn't be surprised if my name is on the list too.
@_date: 2013-09-08 04:06:31
That's not the only reason people make the argument:
* Divisibility: purely aesthetic - irrelevant
* Confirmations: based on time, not number - irrelevant
* Smaller network: a con
* Software isn't as developed: a con
* 'Silver' to 'Gold': Wat? - really silly argument, only has significance in analogy-land.
* Scrypt: no impact on transactions, just mining tech trends.
Litecoin's *only* difference is Scrypt, which is - in itself - not trivial, but at the end of the day, meh.
@_date: 2013-09-11 00:32:11
@_date: 2013-05-17 00:27:27
As an addendum, there were ~250 txs to 1SPAMkyTNqZJHoGbpsL2Q2gk7vkGRvg8Q earler. I think we can safely say this is spam.
@_date: 2013-05-31 04:10:56
Yup. I would expect that a grey market might emerge, but wouldn't differ too much from 1:1.
I don't believe this will be an issue.
@_date: 2013-07-02 01:35:51
Except they sort of do, sort of. Think of it this way: there's been a 'hypothesis' around for a while that there's a minimum trend, something that I've been wondering about since the mini August-ish bubble last year. Now at that point the price dropped to ~$7, touching this minimum trend line-thing.
Here's the real hypothesis: BTCUSD will not occupy space below that line and if it comes to close it will bounce off.
Now, that hypothesis has been not-disagreed with a number of times, and I even made a prediction 10mo ago about the beginning of the year that turned out to be somewhat accurate [(link)](
There is one way to explain the graph that sort of makes sense, which is simply an idea of waves on top of an exponential graph. Bitcoin has exponential adoption because there is nothing that can compete and it's awesome (etc) - as long as we agree that it'll be almost ubiquitous eventually. However, human interest naturally wanes and waxes, which is probably why we see a correlation between market price and interest on google.
The point is that this isn't scientific, but the hypothesis has held so far. I hate arguing for this side (the less-scientific one) but if you can't explain why we're right for the wrong reasons, then we're sort of in the same boat.
Another hypothesis that is showing itself to be slightly true is the idea that markets will follow a distict pattern, evidence is provided simply by the shapes of the 2011/2013 bubbles. [(comparison)](
@_date: 2013-03-26 22:26:01


I still agree that Bitcoin isn't a fiat currency in any sense, but the author does provide the above footnote.
@_date: 2013-09-12 07:15:44
I'd just like to point out that the infographic says Bitcoin is growing at 21% per year. That's just silly. There are very few periods over 12 months where the increase in value has been 21% or less. If you take a long term average you end up with closer to 250% per year.
@_date: 2013-03-26 23:44:23
I sent them one inquiring when they'd have more private keys, and they responded to that reasonably quickly I suppose. I didn't get around to chasing them up about the BTC; but got an email one day with the privkey.
@_date: 2013-03-13 02:22:29
Two most recent checkpoints are:
* 210000
* 216116
The hardcoding is done here:
@_date: 2013-03-28 00:25:56


Not really, since (in the case above) you have AUD coming in, and aussieCoin going out, you can easily maintain a 1:1 reserve ratio. This isn't pegged in the foreign exchange sense, just that the issuing agent will sell 1 aussiecoin for 1 AUD and accept 1 AUD for 1 aussiecoin, always.
@_date: 2013-05-31 01:09:51


I don't think it's a solution to the large exchanges, but it is an option, at the least. I see it as something more fun and easy than anything else. Also, hopefully it will get some press.


No value fluctuations to consider. There will be a not-for-profit that issues them and guarantees 1 aud will be returned for every 1 peggedCoinThing. Setup costs will be small and interest on the money in a bank will help pay for the not-for-profit. Excess interest can be distributed to miners.
@_date: 2013-04-09 02:46:20
My understanding on Plan B is that it delivers a massive dose of an "I'm Pregnant" hormone which causes the body to ditch any released eggs.
Whether it counts as abortion or not is up to you; the egg may not yet be a zygote - in which case I think everyone will agree that the answer is 'no'. If the egg was fertilized and a zygote did form or had developed into an embryo, then it's a grey area, but most people would probably agree it was abortion.
From wiki:


So I'd say yes.
It's a semi-serious attempt at a semi-serious poster. I was making a more detailed, politically correct poster, and had this idea. 
On a side note: I think the pro-life/choice debate doesn't really come into this; just because an issue is serious doesn't mean it should be humorless. This poster isn't meant to change the world, just give bitcoiners a little laugh - hopefully.
@_date: 2013-03-22 08:03:03
Great for him!
You should politely remind him, though, that a mining pool is not a bank, and it's a bad idea to keep 500 BTC there.
@_date: 2013-05-31 01:13:11
I think once a week for an hour or two is a good way to start. Lunch-ish would work for me. I'm worried about it being difficult for people to get there in the middle of the day, but I'm not sure I can think of anywhere that would be easier.
Would love to do it outside the RBA.
Also, I'd be nice to take advantage of buttonwood, the opensource project that helps link these public outcry exchanges
@_date: 2013-05-07 18:59:00
You're the boss: 1L62qnKXy5ozFb9Q5yf679rmJNnVmmYCbS
Thanks, again.
@_date: 2013-05-08 01:03:20
Cool, if you've any more comments I'd really appreciate hearing them, and if you have anymore queries, please feel free to ask.
The system is very Bitcoin-like in more than one way, but in one particularly special way: the payment is also the receipt, and due to compatibility between privkey/pubkeys between chains, it should be a rarity for people to lose coins, and that will mostly be due to their own mistake (you could, for example start a trade, send the Altcoin, but never finalise the Marketcoin transaction, though that would be silly).
@_date: 2013-12-13 04:59:36
It's done through the PPA, on which 0.8.6 isn't out yet.
Once it is a simple apt-get update; apt-get upgrade; will update bitcoind
Otherwise you'd need to compile yourself; I'll build a script to build from git soon.
@_date: 2013-12-16 22:01:15
Reimage the VPS is the simplest option.
Check if the ppa has been added (look in /etc/apt/sources.list.d/ and sources.list) if not add the PPA and continue from there.
you've tried apt-get update; apt-get install bitcoind?
If you can still SSH in no permanent damage was done.
I honestly have no idea how to fix this though, dude. You've given me no details besides that your connection was interrupted. Are you running this in a VPS? On a VM? Was it just the SSH session that was broken?
Furthermore you haven't even looked into it.
The script is really simple, just read through and deduce what went wrong. If that's too much effort then reimage.
@_date: 2013-05-30 08:07:05
Link for the curious: 
@_date: 2013-03-19 04:51:16
They sort of do create it. By publishing a block it is a necessity to include a generation transaction. Those coins would not come into existence without the actions and particular solution of the miner. In this fashion you can argue that new coins are created by miners. On the other hand, trying to define these elements within a mining pool makes this situation a deeper shade of grey.
@_date: 2013-06-10 09:18:46
Awesome! I've updated the event on meetup.com.
@_date: 2013-12-30 22:32:34


You can remove 'potential' from what you said, and then it's what I said. Bitcoin was useful when it didn't have a price, because using it gives it a price by necessity.^footnote Nothing about Bitcoin changed when a price was decided upon, so Bitcoin neither gained or lost utility, merely the magnitude of that utility.
footnote: "You've got that the wrong way round!" you say (or someone says), or if you didn't you don't need to read this: Using bitcoin is what *defines* the price, not what decides whether it *has* a price. Just because the price was unknown does not imply it did not exist. Bitcoin always came with a price, but nobody looked for it for some time.


I don't really care about this; it has nothing to do with Bitcoin (as in it's all external), simply how the market interacts with it.
@_date: 2013-05-31 01:19:02
Just noticed this, thanks for dropping the link here too.
@_date: 2013-05-30 06:32:14


That's pretty much exactly what loosely had in mind.
CBD sounds great.
@_date: 2013-03-21 10:07:25
I plan on using SSSS. It's a wonderful scheme (and elegant, too).
@_date: 2013-05-18 02:11:01
Not sure if there is a working prototype here; I took those photos before the conference started. Will go back and find out once I finish eating.
@_date: 2013-03-26 23:14:34
I just bought some BTC from them. Took them about a week but I eventually received the BTC.
@_date: 2013-10-28 06:21:43
It's a scam/spam.
I got one a few minutes ago too, but from donate
Checkout these headers:










I do wonder where  home-91e15d0351.user.nevalink.net leads to...
Also, why would bitcointalk (not even refered to by its proper name) be soliciting litecoin donations?
@_date: 2013-05-18 00:07:48
Perhaps this will appease you? (We all know it won't; so far they're just pretty plastic things)
@_date: 2013-06-21 10:51:30
I would argue not the right, but the privilege :)
@_date: 2013-07-29 04:23:52
Ahh yes, this slipped my mind. I do love there 0.00% fraud statistic :)
It's pretty simple to put together something to show potential doublespends, bitcoinj should be able to do this quite easily (as I understand it), I wonder if there's a site to just show doublespends... that would be curious.
@_date: 2013-03-27 23:12:09


You are mostly correct. There must be some level of centralized control; however, it doesn't need to be as extensive as the above examples. In addition, this isn't just any random e-cash. This is a cryptocurrency. This allows all the wonderful ~~things Bitcoin does~~ technology that comes with Bitcoin, like escrow, m-of-n transactions, irreversibility, decentralisation, resilience, instant transactions over the internet, verifiable supply (great for audits), etc.
This solution wouldn't need to control the whole thing, just enough to allow it to be the main (or, at least, official) entry and exit point.
This main purpose is to ease entry into Bitcoin (and maybe other cryptocurrencies), both in terms of exchange and getting used to the technology.
@_date: 2013-05-10 07:48:48
+bitcointip ripper2345 $3 verify
And again.
@_date: 2013-05-31 01:18:43
Hehe, I just saw this in the Meetup forum on Bitcointalk, makes perfect sense to take advantage of this. Sadly I'll be out of the country that week, though.
@_date: 2013-05-27 03:39:17
I can't see a link to the whitepaper, I know there was recently a discussion (perhaps the bitcoindev mailing list) which suggested this was included on the main site. You might consider that.
@_date: 2013-05-07 18:47:22
@_date: 2013-03-18 22:58:47
It is now. It wasn't when I posted this, however. I jumped the gun a little.
@_date: 2013-06-03 07:30:00
I'll be there! Sounds fantastic.
@_date: 2013-05-08 00:35:56
Thanks dude! 'Twas something nice to wake up to.
@_date: 2013-03-13 03:57:27
No idea sorry. It seems plausible, but you'd need to compare it both to other normal blocks and also other 1 or 2 length blockchain splits.
Another posibility is that chain-1 (the v0.8 chain) had txs that were _not_ yet included in chain-2 (the v0.7 chain), or vice versa.
This means that as BitcoinQT switches between chain-1 to chain-2, there are txs that don't reconcile exactly, some having been included already and some not included - from both sides. That, I think, is possibly the main cause of "inputs already spent" style messages.
However, I could be completely wrong, and it's almost certain there were some doublespend attempts, though I'm not sure how many.
There were certainly some doublespends... 
@_date: 2013-12-09 11:52:00
Certainly; maybe someone will expand upon it and create something really neat; a sort of autoBitcoinSetup for many flavours. That'd be neat.
    wget -O btcNode.sh  ;
    sudo bash btcNode.sh
@_date: 2013-12-03 04:47:52
Morning, I'm the treasurer.
**What we do** is quite open at the moment (since we're in such early stages). We've adopted essentially the same goals the US Foundation did: protection, promotion, and standardisation.
Protection: Australia is a little unique in that we haven't had that much in the way of Government comment, so we're in a good position to try and influence them in a positive way. Furthermore the AML legislation from 2006 is due to be reviewed and AFAIK that hasn't been done yet (or at least nothing published). This is the legislation that defines a 'digital currency' in such a way that Bitcoin isn't included, so it'll have a big impact on Aussie Bitcoin commerce.
Promotion: Jason (president) and I have been organising BitcoinSYD for the past 5 months, and during that time we've also started Beers4Bitcoin at the Old Fitz in Sydney. We're planning on trying to leverage what we've learned from this to link up with meetups around the country, or start new events, to try and grow the community; both economically and in terms of population. There's also more planned, but it's not at a stage we can announce anything. That said, there are a number of obvious things we can do in this regard that we're working on.
Standardisation: We'd like to eventually hire a developer (or a team) to work on Bitcoin just as the US Foundation does. This doesn't mean working on BitcoinQT necessarily though. (NB: the rest of this paragraph doesn't represent BAA but is a direction I'd like to see it go in) My personal opinion is Bitcoin needs some diversification of infrastructure, so something like a new full node - funded by the Bitcoin Assn. of Australia - would help keep the network resilient. Additionally, if there are protocol changes and people are using our client then the developers' opinions will hold more weight, allowing the Assn. to have some means of defending Australians if, say (hypothetically), there was some change that would only impact Australians we'd have some weight to say we won't push the change into our client.
**The point of joining** is to assist either financially and/or with skills and time. There will be benefits like discounts to events and the like in the future, but that's not happening yet.
The immediate benefits are: (read immediate as in the near future: before the end of the year or early next if not right now)
* Participation
* Voting rights
* Board eligibility
* Forum access (not yet setup, will be soon)
* Wiki editing rights (public access, members-only editing - I'm not finished setting that up yet, though)
* Warm fuzzies for helping the cause
We're working on expanding the list of things we can offer, so stay tuned on that front.
Does that answer your question?
@_date: 2013-03-12 07:52:46
Originally there was more hashing power on v0.8, which meant the chain was growing faster than the "correct" chain (the one everyone could accept).
Only because a number of pools came together to switch to v0.7 was the situation resolved so quickly. There will be an update soon to fix the bug and make sure it doesn't happen again.
The chain lengths can be any length AFAIK. If someone had a fucktonne of hashing power and forked the blockchain from the most recent hardcoded block (there are several in the bitcoin source code to create a sort of checkpoint we can't reverse beyond) and was able to create a longer chain than the current main chain, people would swap to that. The issue there is you'd need a MASSIVE amount of hashing power in order to 'catch up' with the network.
@_date: 2013-06-26 01:46:35
I'm pretty sure Melbourne have had meetups before, is there not an active group atm? (That would be a shame)
@_date: 2013-12-11 21:17:28
Of course changing the username is possible. The password reset stage is only there because it's designed for a fresh ubuntu VPS - usually you're logged into root (though really we shouldn't be running things as root normally). Easiest way to get around it is add a ' at the beginning of the passwd line in the script, or, just press enter like 6 times and the passwd program will eventually not change the password and let you progress.
To verify bitcoind is running, you should be able to run `bitcoind getinfo` and get something meaningful back. You can also check your process list see if it's there; maybe `ps ax | grep bitcoind` will work.
@_date: 2013-05-30 07:53:20
Neat, if I'm ever down in Melbourne I'll come say hello!
Sadly I'll be out of the country on the 12th, how often will the meetups be occurring? I've got a mate in Melbourne I've been meaning to catch up with, I might try and sync them up.
@_date: 2013-12-30 22:00:51
The reasons Bitcoin might go to zero are not economic and are very well understood. As long as the tech behind Bitcoin holds it is entirely valid to discuss why Bitcoin has intrinsic value.
In the following please read 'factum money' as the class of things that are valuable in the same way bitcoin is valuable.


@_date: 2013-03-13 08:26:37
Bitcoin-qt and bitcoind monitor and store valid blocks distributed but not in the main chain. How else could it switch over transparently when the 'correct' chain took precedence yesterday?
I imagine it would be trivial to code in detection of alt chains (though possibly not for the v0.7 client - which may be trickier); the catch is what attack vectors would be opened up by introducing this feature.
Presenting users with info about forks will be interesting; since it's a difficult thing to represent fairly. Ideally; it would simply be an alert style thing that would let people know there's turbulence afoot, without giving them too much information (there's already too much to convince the average user it's over their head).
Coding tools to detect forks isn't hard; blockchain and coinbase both did this quite well yesterday.
@_date: 2013-03-25 04:40:24
There's no real details here.
And the domain was registered 2 days ago.
The user is new today.
Do not send BTC here, you'll likely not see them again.
@_date: 2013-05-30 07:40:52
Bitpiggy is only about 4%; mtgox deposit is 4%; but I do agree, we need cheaper exchanges. If the AUD pegged cryptocoin takes off then it'd be easy to facilitate virtually free exchange.
Edit (again): On that note, pegged AUD coins would allow one to use Marketcoin (p2p blockchain based exchange in pre-dev stage) to trustlessly exchange with Bitcoin. Better solutions are coming.
Why not come to the bitcoin outcry exchange or organise one yourself? (If it gets up and running) (NYC version is called satoshi square)
@_date: 2013-04-10 23:40:47
+tip 2 internets
Love me some sources.
Edit: seems this isn't working :(
@_date: 2013-09-08 11:24:48
Marketing and mining profitability?
@_date: 2013-11-08 01:49:25
Buffer overflow is pretty well protected against. There are limits on both the size of transactions and the number of bytes you can push to the stack.
There was a TX a little while ago that included 1.5kb of data - a patch - that triggered a bug in electrum (which, btw, the patch solved; the patch provided in the tx that triggered the bug).
This transaction looked spendable, but current limits mean you can't spend a transaction that pushes more than 512 bytes to the stack (this is from memory, it might not be correct, but I think it is), so the transaction is sitting in limbo. One day, if the protocol rules change, you might be able to spend this transaction. But that's a big if.
@_date: 2013-06-11 03:44:08
The idea has been around since 2011 at the least, I know I've been thinking about it for quite some time. Keep in mind that atm Bitcoin can do 7 tx / sec (I think).
For Australia, let alone the US or other larger nations, all voting in one day would mean maybe a peak of 2 million votes per hour, or more than 500 per second.
We've got some architectural innovations to make before this is as viable as Bitcoin is currently.
@_date: 2013-06-11 23:15:24
Certainly, I'm not saying that democracy (or rather our current implementations) can't be improved upon (they certainly can!), but we wont be able to take anything else other than baby steps methinks. If we're going to innovate we need new systems to transparently work with older voting systems first, unfortunately. Or at the very least this will make newer systems attractive.
@_date: 2013-04-09 01:35:40
Props to for [the psd](
[My psd]( Philosopher font from the original file (included above) required.
@_date: 2013-05-31 01:10:46
I don't mention a lot of places, that's not disregarding Perth, just that I'm in Sydney. I almost feel we need an all-Australia meetup, because the community is a little thin everywhere, it seems.
@_date: 2013-12-09 06:08:31
I've created a script. If you want to update the top post with it, the one-liner to get it to run is this:
    wget -O btcNode.sh  ; sudo bash btcNode.sh
@_date: 2013-03-26 23:02:50
It's number one in my toolkit of FUD and bad journalism.
@_date: 2013-08-13 01:04:33
This is incorrect. Non-standard transactions are accepted when in blocks. As long as you can get a miner to include a nonstandard tx, it will be included and can be spent. It's true that the spending transaction would also be nonstandard, and the same disadvantage applies.
Edit: The coins are possibly unspendable but not because the tx is nonstandard; it's to do with [too much data]( apparently.
@_date: 2013-12-30 10:42:02
I wrote an [essay]( on why Bitcoin has intrinsic value (and in addition that it was a new form of money) a little while ago.
Here's the short version:
Bitcoin has no extrinsic requirement to hold value. That is there is no authority claiming it has value; but rather it has value because of what we know about it.
What we know about it is this:
* It is finite
* It is difficult to make an entry in the ledger
* Ownership is provable and atomic
Because of those properties it *has the ability to transfer value*. Because it has the ability *it must have some non-zero value* (no matter how small or large). Since it has some value with no extrinsic strings it therefore must have intrinsic value.  
Put plainly, Bitcoin's intrinsic value is the ability to transfer monetary value. It has *monetary use-value*. Simply by being exceptional at transferring value it is desirable and therefore has a price.
I don't think any more is required to show it has a non-zero value and if it has a non-zero value then the rest is history.
My name for this sort of money is **factum money** for reasons I touch on in the essay.
@_date: 2013-09-12 07:09:04
'Manually OCRed'? Like, read with your eyes?
@_date: 2013-04-08 09:32:50
Props to for [the psd](
[My psd]( Philosopher font from the original file (included above) required.
@_date: 2013-03-12 07:04:42
That's what I do.
There are a few places you can buy with BTC, I did a summary not too long ago. Let me go find it.
@_date: 2013-12-09 06:06:34
I've written a bash script:
On a fresh ubuntu:
    wget  ; sudo bash bitcoinAutoNode.sh
Be sure to make sure apt-get doesn't complain about dpkg stuff being locked: run `apt-get update` before hand to check the output.
Testing it now to make sure it's working fine. 13.04 seems good, as does 12.04.2 LTS.
Wow, through testing I noticed the version of bitcoind stored on the ubuntu repositories: 0.3.24...
@_date: 2013-05-30 09:52:06
I was talking to someone at the conference who knew someone who owned a bunch of restaurants in Darling Harbor and wanted to not only accept BTC but also get some BTC ATMs in. If that pans out we might have some options in the future; can't for the life of me remember who it was though.
@_date: 2013-05-08 01:12:22
Hopefully, I'm very excited (only got 3 hours of sleep last night as a result). There's **A LOT** of work to be done, but hopefully if I start more people will join. With luck it could become, or lead to, one of the first truly free market implementations.
@_date: 2013-09-09 20:37:45
+tip $100 verify
Hey Jason,
This is fantastic news! Glad to hear Sean's Outpost is doing so well.
Also, sorry to hear you weren't in the top 3 for the industry seat you ran for; I think you would have made a fantastic addition to the Bitcoin Foundation.
With love from Australia,
@_date: 2013-05-10 10:23:01
You posted something that was useful, at least to me, and I wanted to say thank you. Also, it's really quick and easy; maybe I got a little carried away.
Edit/addendum: I've not yet read and understood everything in gmaxwell's list. Once I've done that, if I use any of it I'll tip him. Probably a little more than $3 though.
@_date: 2013-03-12 07:47:36
Here's what I wrote before; you can tell it's a little old because of the prices :P.
There's also ziggap which uses NAB bank deposits if you're interested.
@_date: 2013-05-31 00:53:49
Not developing yet; though I've begun thinking about it. I'm currently spending time trying to develop Marketcoin.
@_date: 2013-12-14 23:59:58
so the `passwd` line will change the pw of whoever you're logged in as. However, you need to run the script using sudo because most of the commands need sudo (like apt-get). Comment out this line to avoid changing the pw.
The firewall section opens ports 8333 and 22 and closes the rest, so if you change your ssh port then you might end up blocking off that port - thus you'll be unable to login.
@_date: 2013-03-27 02:11:06
I completely agree. They're not a company that has earned my respect.
@_date: 2013-05-30 08:08:27
I presume he's talking about coinjar.io
@_date: 2013-05-01 06:36:58
I always suspected these were the upper and lower bounds of sales/buys over the period of the datapoint. The yellow line showing a more stable average.
@_date: 2013-12-30 22:13:56


I am not.


No, it was not.


I said 'non-zero', not 'substantial'. If an entire economy (full of say 1,000,000 units) was in total worth 23 US cents, then I would transfer it around and not care for its value either. You cannot prove it was worthless, just that nobody cared about how little it was worth.




Incorrect. Bitcoin has no extrinsic value by definition (no laws, no backing, etc). Any properties that make it a good currency are intrinsic. You're saying that the intrinsic properties that allow it to be good at being money don't justify intrinsic value. That seems silly to me.


Roughly speaking I'm using atomic to mean "you have it or you don't." Since the identity is cryptographic then ownership is atomic from a cryptographic sense at least.
One could argue that it's impossible to tell if anyone else holds your private key so you're unsure if someone else could spend your funds, but I think that's a different issue. Either way, I suspect the only difference here is semantic.
Intrinsic value is a silly thing to discuss in any case, it has no function and no utility. Something simply being good at doing what it does is enough (this is why we say so many things have intrinsic value, rice because we can eat it, copper because we use it for wiring, etc, when really this just means the intrinsic properties allow it to be used for something we would like to use it for).
@_date: 2013-05-30 06:05:07
Fantastic! That would be awesome. I think it's the best first step to organising the community. 
We might want to try and setup some sort of meetup page, then we can add it to 
On the note of buying beer with Bitcoin, if we can't get a bar to accept it (maybe this can be a long term goal) we could organise a co-op style thing were someone buys a few crates and people chip in for the day to pay for the drinks?
Where abouts in Sydney are you? I'm down in the inner west, and I know of at least one other bitcoiner who's out west. Did you have a venue in mind?
@_date: 2013-05-31 00:58:49


That's not really an argument dude. The one part of that I can address is: 


I presume you're talking about no reason to used a cryptocoin pegged to the AUD. How about these:
* Instant transfer of AUD outside the banking system Australia wide
* Low fee AUD transfer (as compared to visa/mastercard/etc)
* Easy to buy Bitcoins (and other Altcoins)
* More intuitive for people
* Can tie in with a cryptocoin-only blockchain based exchange such as Marketcoin (I'm writing the whitepaper now, it's on Github)
@_date: 2013-05-16 23:53:12
When the client restarts.
@_date: 2013-07-07 00:30:59
Why not start one!
@_date: 2013-05-10 06:53:53
Thanks for this dude, was about to email the dev-list about this very thing!
+bitcointip witchspace $3 verify
+bitcointip ripper2345 $3 verify
(will this work?)
@_date: 2013-12-10 05:50:06
Yes, this should be run as root (I should probably mention that) and the firewall only allows port 22 and 8333.
Use your emergency console to get back in or just reimage it.
@_date: 2013-05-30 08:03:13
Yeah, there doesn't seem to be any clean and established Australian Bitcoin community type thing, unfortunately.
@_date: 2013-03-28 00:14:46
Edited to clarify.
@_date: 2013-03-25 04:42:36
It's not just that, dude. There's no contact details. WHOIS has no details. Domain registered yesterday, user 0 days old.
The entire contents of the site is &lt;image&gt;&lt;text&gt;&lt;bitcoin payment&gt;.
That's it.
Please, nobody send BTC to them. Looks a little sus.
@_date: 2013-10-08 01:52:48
+ALL verify
Do we get balaclavas?
@_date: 2013-05-30 03:04:13
Yeah, I used to use Spendbitcoins a bunch for that reason, however, I'm not against banks knowing I have bought Bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-05-30 08:50:49
Spendbitcoins is $139 + 10% currently. ~$152 per btc. Current mtgox aud price is $138. Just over a 10% fee.