@_author: xgoxstrapx
@_date: 2018-08-08 15:55:46
Institutional investors have different mandates depending on corporate governance, legal structure and regulatory requirements. Many institutional investors are not mandated to make investments that they cannot keep with regulated Custodians who provide safekeeping of the assets. This has prevented a lot of institutions from investing directly, but there is now movement from different players in the crypto custody space towards regulated service offerings.
Coinbase is one example, they are now going to start offering regulated custody solutions to institutions  (at very high cost, around 1.2% a year which is extremely high for custody). As more regulated custody solutions enter the market institutional investment will increase.
Hedge funds are already active in this space as are many VC firms, though the latter usually prefer to invest via equity in blockchain companies rather than buy tokens - due to sentiment of their LPs  (their investors), And lack of mandates to invest directly in crypto.
Other major institutions are moving in already, Goldman owns a majority stake in Circle which recently acquired the crypto exchange Poloniex. 
Still many financial institutions are sceptical, the main issues being lack of proper regulated Custodians, lack of properly regulated exchanges, extreme market manipulation via USDT, and the difficulty of finding banking relationships.
Banking relationships are a huge problem for crypto companies and funds at the moment. It's really hard to find banks who are willing to work with you when you are actively trading crypto. The issue is not the individual banks themselves but is the USD clearing relationships on the backend - e.g JP Morgan might threaten to pull their correspondent banking relationship with smaller crypto friendly banks which really screws them over because then they have no way to settle USD, So they have no choice but to comply.
There are a few crypto friendly banks/institutions out there like: silvergate and silicon valley bank.
Still, institutional activity remains fairly minisulce at the moment, but they are looking for ways to get involved. As the market becomes more regulated and less manipulated the institutional capital will flow in. 
Source: I work for a cryptocurrency hedge fund.
@_date: 2018-08-08 17:02:36
Very good questions, hard to know the answers to them at this stage but in my opinion:
I think that regulated trading venues will become preferred for US and EU retail and institutions, but I think that the likes of huobi and binance will still have a lot of volume from Asia. I think that a gradually consolidation of volume will occur and the lower levels of competition may increase fees.
However the benefits will be easier access for retail investors via regulated/traditonal trading venues and via their brokers (hopefully), and therefore it should become easier to trade and settle between fiat and crypto. I think there will be a shift from USDT volume to 'real' fiat volume (which would be healthy in my opinion).
That's my two cents but hard to know at this stage what is in store for crypto!
@_date: 2018-08-16 09:44:52
Thank you for the detailed reply, as you said it seems there is a good case for testing around the 4k level, but I guess we will have to wait and see
@_date: 2018-08-15 12:17:17
Do you think there might still be money on the table left on the shortside because of stacked stop orders below the 6k/5.8k support levels? It's a super psychologically significant level and there is a lot of cognitive dissonance it seems - lots of retail traders are of the opinion it simply can't fall below that level...