@_author: xiaodre
@_date: 2017-09-20 23:27:33
That's actually one of the problems with the Euro.  It's inflated.  The problem with Greece is that it cannot devalue its currency, not inflate it.  It goes like this: Greece devalues its currency, Greek goods and services become cheaper, economy is stimulated because its cheaper to do business (and vacation) in Greece, Greeks get jobs, wages and standard of living slooowly go up.
But, when you need 10 to 12 months to leave the Euro, and the troika only gives you conditional loans to get you to the next tranche of loans in less time than that, you are stuck.  What can get you unstuck?  Crypto.  And with a fiat currency tethered to it that will be printed shortly.
I disagree with you about Greece, but that's not really part of the discussion..
@_date: 2017-09-20 09:51:29
I can think of two reasons for two separate governments to adopt crypto.
Greece is being destroyed by the EU, and the IMF right now.  They are in the middle of a real Great Depression because they are locked into the Euro, and the EU.  It takes 10 to 12 months to print and distribute a new currency (like a new drachma).  It doesn't take that long for a cryptocurrency.  Also, on the blockchain, successsive government officials cannot take turns looting the treasury and moving to monaco.
Scotland cannot become independent of the UK unless they have an economic plan for leaving the pound.  They have not done the work needed to leave this currency union, though.  Its possible the SNP, currently in power in Scotland, doesn't have the political power to do this.  Needed: a sovereign bond market.  a central bank.  a national reinvestment bank and treasury.  Time to do all this is measured in years.  A cryptocurrency sounds like a pretty good option, non?  Oui!
Here's a bonus.  Catalonia?  Independence?  Yep.  So, go around the world and pick out all the places that have proclaimed an interest in independence from a larger state, and you have entire states that would be at least interested in hearing about establishing a new currency quickly..