@_author: xioustic
@_date: 2017-12-26 01:37:52
@_date: 2017-12-25 22:23:02
I'm new to reading candlesticks, can you elaborate? Thanks.
@_date: 2018-10-13 20:07:38
The ATM owners rent space to install them, the ATM owners buy or lease the hardware and software from a Bitcoin ATM manufacturer. In rare circumstances the manufacturer also fulfills the role of operator. Custody and security of the held cryptocurrency depends on the software; the manufacturer may hold the keys or the operator or some combination thereof.
The cut goes to the rent (either a percentage or flat lease or some combination), the operator (on margin or fees), and the manufacturer (usually a percentage of amount sold or earned). Typically operators set their own price/margin and deal with logistics of acquiring/moving both cash and cryptocurrency to feed the ATM. They also secure the lease agreements for the ATM locations.
The business is absolutely brutal in terms of what percentage of assets to keep in cash vs cryptocurrency when the price is fluctuating, the operators often lose their ass on it. It's also a big target for the same scams that run against iTunes, greendot and MoneyGram. The two operators I know have notices posted on the ATM to try to prevent these sort of scams, but I'm not sure it helps all that much.
@_date: 2017-01-14 05:44:40
Since my guide has you installing the latest version, I'd assume it can do the setup based on the Trezor site which lays out wallet capabilities: 
I do recall seeing a "wipe device" button somewhere in Electrum after pairing the wallet with the Trezor, so it seems plausible.
@_date: 2017-01-14 16:39:30
My instructions install `trezorctl` on the command line as well, since it's included in the `python-trezor` package in step 2. So if you have to do it the painful way through the command line like the above post, you're well on your way! You probably also need the udev rules installed as well. Looking at `trezorctl --help` it seems you can do just about anything the Trezor can do on there, which means you can likely do a full reset and init just using Tails: 
Here's what Trezor has to say specifically about Electrum integration: 
Here's what I found in Electrum:
- You can access the Trezor options by clicking the Trezor icon in the bottom-right corner of the wallet: 
- The first tab, Information, has things like Device ID and Bootloader Hash. I'm not showing it for privacy/security sake just in case.
- The second tab has options for configuring your Trezor, like changing the label and PIN protection: 
- The third tab has options for disabling PIN, disabling passphrase, and wiping the device: 
@_date: 2017-01-14 15:22:51
The SatoshiLabs support team confirmed with me they expect integration to be native in Tails 3.0... I just don't know where the roadmap is for the release of that. The first public alpha version came out mid-November which I have not tested with the Trezor yet: 
@_date: 2017-01-14 16:41:24
Cheers to that, and I'd recommend all those willing to go the Tails 3.0 nightly route to help out testing as well. Not just Trezor/Electrum but everything about the OS. The team would likely appreciate the feedback.
@_date: 2017-08-26 16:38:18
Mycelium has a "Cold Storage" mode that will scan a paper wallet, spend from it, and use the address as the change address.
This is not necessarily a good idea: address reuse is bad practice and if your Mycelium app and/or phone is compromised at the time you draft the transaction you're hosed. But it certainly affords you convenience.
Paper wallets are best meant for creating and hiding away for a long time until you decide to empty them. Hardware wallets almost afford you the same protection (as long as you keep it in your possession at all times) and almost the same convenience as a regular wallet.
Note even with a hardware wallet, you'll get a backup code/mnenomic which must be stored in the same way and as secure as a regular paper wallet... So hardware wallet really only affords you protection from a compromised app/OS that is used to draft your transactions.
@_date: 2017-08-03 12:23:51
I believe it requires a Driver's License scan over a certain amount (camera above pinpad, also used for scanning QR codes), and the one-way glass at the top with the speaker grills has a camera inside to record those using it. Not quite anonymous.
@_date: 2017-01-14 16:39:32
I do recall walking through your script while trying to figure this out; your code is what gave me the idea to copy the udev rules manually. I ran into issues getting pip to work under Tails though, it could not connect to the "simple repository" which I assume is because the code running pip doesn't coordinate with Tor to make its HTTP(S) calls. There might be flags to get pip to work with the SOCKS5 proxy, but I forgot to check.
If there was a way to freeze the python-trezor package and its dependencies that'd be cool; I'm sure it's do-able since there is likely demand for Debian to perform updates/installs offline.
@_date: 2017-08-26 16:34:08
Or in any sort of "evil maid" situation: if someone (family, friend, enemy, significant other, anyone able to dox you as a Bitcoiner on the internet) gets hold of the USB...
At least encrypt the drive... VeraCrypt (cross-platform) or the "Disks" utility on almost any Linux machine (which gives you LUKS+dmcrypt).
That said, if it's a trivial amount of money maybe don't worry so much.
@_date: 2017-01-14 00:54:48
For anyone that lands here (like I did), this is how I got it done: 
@_date: 2016-12-12 17:19:45
The Archive.org building (a church) hosted the decentralized web meetup in SF this year, strong blockchain presence at that event. Bitcoin was generally admired but simultaneously stigmatized by the crowd, but all the archive guys were familiar with and advocates of it. Even had a window to donate and get swag that took Bitcoin. Love these guys.
@_date: 2016-11-11 19:50:21
Thanks! As I guessed, not any sort of vanilla client. Sort of a bummer, but your edits are so minimal there's nothing scary about them.
@_date: 2016-11-11 05:26:50
What Bitcoin client/database are you using to keep track of UTXOs over time? I've had issues with limitations in almost every vanilla flavor of implementation trying to do a similar project. 
@_date: 2016-11-12 05:40:14
Store the Bitcoin blockchain (most importantly, UTXOs which can be used to spend coins and discover wallet balances) using Ipfs in order to create a decentralized, deterministic dataset for a block Explorer also accessible on Ipfs. Would like to use multiple sources, including scrapers of blockchain.info and the ilk. If everyone is being honest and the data is accurate it should all land on the same ipfs hash. And to keep the Explorer honest, everything for creating the dataset would be made open source, so everyone could verify the dataset in its entirety independently by building it themselves. 
Somewhat redundant but a fun exercise.
@_date: 2012-10-09 06:16:12
I work at CVS, I've never questioned anyone about anything under the AML limit using MoneyGram except for one guy doing a Nigeria transaction, and it turned out he had a relative there so I allowed the transaction to go through (after OKing with my manager). I only thoroughly inspect large amounts currency for counterfeiting.
If I have to question you, answering honestly is probably best. Probably the best general answer would be to say you are paying a bill. If for some reason they ask what the bill is for, say it's for a currency purchase.
The kiosk/register may prompt us (automatically) for your ID (driver's license) though in order to complete the transaction (usually to find the pending MoneyGram transaction in the system). If that happens, we have to ask for a valid ID to satisfy the MoneyGram transaction or we can't continue further. Swiping the ID auto-fills the form on the kiosk/register, then we hit submit, it verifies for a minute, and then it will give us a valid transaction ID. The verification process is not only for looking us first/last name, it must have a matching government ID# that it can verify successfully as well.
This ID trigger may only happen for non-cash transactions, or for amounts above a certain limit. I've done so few MoneyGrams though that I honestly can't remember how often it has asked for IDs (it's easy to get "Money Order" and sending a "MoneyGram" mixed up, as the programs are extraordinarily similar in process on the POS software CVS uses, but both have different ID triggers). Thinking back to my friend paying his electric bill and car payment by MoneyGram while I was at the register most recently, I don't remember handling his ID. The total of his transaction was around $200-$250.
Those saying that you would insist that we check the MoneyGram book about policy on checking IDs if we ask for one... I know that myself, my supervisors, my general store manager, and my district manager don't have a clue about anything in the MoneyGram manual. If we have one, I don't even think they'd know where it is. We just follow what the register says, have the AML limits memorized, and if you give us trouble over anything, there's no "bypass" button to skip part of the automated process. I think our cut of MoneyGram transactions is about $5.00, so it's not a huge deal if your sale is lost because you have a fit over us IDing you.
In fact, we're trained that if you get upset or irate over what was already a potentially suspicious transaction, that we're supposed to cease the transaction, call a supervisor for them to tell you to more or less screw off, and begin taking notes in order to identify you to the authorities later as a potential AML candidate.
However, if anyone tried to buy BitCoin using MoneyGram at my CVS while I was at the register, and they told me they were buying BitCoin, I'd probably just offer to sell it myself to them on my break and give them my contact info assuming they didn't want more than $200 or so worth. I'm listed on localbitcoins.com too :P
@_date: 2012-07-02 06:18:10
Everything I think is in fairness with what you posted, we're all worried about the same thing, all we can do is go on an honor/rep system.
Expedited service would definitely be MtGox-&gt;BitInstant-&gt;PayPal, as that is insanely fast. But damn those are high fees.
I'm certain they can automate the system (in fact, I'm sure most of everything is automated, they just have to manually click the OK button for the amounts to get sent out), but they're not confident enough that their system is airtight to let it go completely auto-pilot.
My guess if I was making such a system... Make trades/open orders automatically, but send the trades/open orders as they come in to a queue. When the admin/authority logs in, he confirms that the transfers are legit in the queue, he transfers these trades/open orders queue using a USB stick or something off-line, moves it to the "cold wallet" (completely offline), generates the payout commands from the "cold wallet" for each item in the queue, transfers that BACK using the USB stick, and then executes those payout commands on-line using a completely separate system.
This keeps everything secure from a hack and empty attack. This sort of thing has happened to the most major exchanges like MtGox and Bitcoinia in the past, so most of these types of services are being extraordinarily careful with the way they handle it all when they handle significant amounts of cash. And trust me, if his number is accurate (8,000 BTC in three days), that's a pretty significant amount of cash!
EDIT: ALSO, you mention you're not sure what prevent folks from automating BTC-&gt;paypal transactions... PayPal is AGAINST virtual goods/services in their ToS and have in the past allowed chargebacks and completely frozen accounts doing what FC4B and SB are doing. If these services show up on PayPal's radar for some reason and they figure out or become suspicious of what's going on, you can be sure that their funds and ability to do anything with the PayPal account is going to become frozen. This is, unfortunately, not simple issue to resolve. PayPal is NOT ideal for either party because of this. :/
@_date: 2012-07-01 06:32:35
Check out SealsWithClubs.eu. I'm not entirely trustful of the owners of the site, but I just withdraw all my BitCoin at the end of each of my sessions.
Have made quite a bit playing their free rolls, money addeds and their 50BTC guaranteed Sunday game.
@_date: 2012-06-29 13:03:20
D3 gold has dropped significantly in price since the games release. I used to get $20/mil, a week later $10/mil, a week later $7/mil, then $5/mil... Soon after the dupe exploit and AH bots became rampant, $2/mil. Now it's been hovering around $1.90-$2.50/mil.
This makes it all that much more fun to keep my pricing competitively updated. Honestly, I don't care too much for what it sells for, because I'm not going to use it. My character(s) are maxed out and so are my friends, we're just playing for fun and selling the gold. :)
However, if/when a PvP patch, content patch adding new items, and/or an expansion comes out, I see a rise in demand and thus a rise in price. Still not a good enough reason to hoard gold though.
@_date: 2012-07-12 09:11:24
Dummy wallet argument doesn't work if they know your cold storage address with the bulk of the savings. When the "dummy wallet" private key doesn't connect to the public key that they know has all the funds... Things won't look too bright for you.
I only say this because if someone took the time to kidnap you over getting your BitCoins, odds are they know the public key you keep them, or at the very least the balance they should expect to get from you (payload).
@_date: 2012-07-13 17:28:08


If they knew who you were, they could trace your transactions to your cold wallet. All transactions are in public, and when they see that your 9 common spending addresses all funnel into one single address... They're going to want to get to your savings, which they'll know the balance of, because that's public record on the blockchain.
The only way to avoid this is to use a mixing service when sending all your funds to your savings account to avoid anyone linking your identity and common addresses to your "wealth" in the savings account.
I know what you're saying, and it DOES work if all we were worried about was keeping a file hidden. However, what we're worried about is saving our BitCoins, to which every address and transaction is public record. Unless you go to great lengths, the attackers can easily figure out what address you store your "savings" in (your cold wallet), and demand access to that cold wallet. Your plausible deniability works that you can honestly say and appear that you don't have immediate access to the wallet, but they'll know that somehow you CAN access it.
**As a Proof of Concept**:
A simple way to figure out who's cold wallet it is... Punch in their known public address into blockchain.info/address/&lt;publickey&gt; and look for where they're sending their money and where it is sitting.
Or find a cold wallet (with lots of funds), then run a taint analysis on it using blockchain.info/taint/&lt;publickey&gt;. The primary funds (likely public) building up that cold wallet likely correspond to public addresses to whom you can trace the identity to by just doing a Google search. Voila, you more than likely just found the identity of the person who can get access to that cold wallet.
@_date: 2012-08-22 10:07:58
Confirmed on their twitter page that they were down ~4hrs: 
@_date: 2012-07-02 21:41:41
Since I'm selling for BTC anyway, I think I might stock you up if your purchase price is competitive with my asking price. :P
EDIT: Just set up a transaction for 20mil. Waiting for in-game invite :)
EDIT2 (5min later): Has been more than 5 minutes, so per instructions on order page I guess now I'm waiting for an e-mail to let me know a representative is available?
EDIT3 (14min later): Got an e-mail a rep is available.
EDIT4 (17min later): Found rep in-game and joined up, completed giving the gold, now waiting for BTC. Err wait, no I'm not, it already showed up! Thanks!
@_date: 2012-07-01 05:53:16
That, or find someone at localbitcoins.com nearby you :)
@_date: 2012-07-10 03:24:34
If SealsWithClubs.eu (or similar website) adopts a PokerStars-like client, I think I can get all my poker buddies on board to play. And guess what? To gamble, you have to use BTC.
The American market would bite at this in a heartbeat since they have been starved for an online poker venue. Sadly, this would draw the attention of U.S. authorities that have a history of derailing DNS servers by force to knock something off the internet. If you don't know what I'm talking about, google "black friday poker".
@_date: 2012-07-02 22:00:51
Per edits above, excellent transaction. Quickest I've ever sold for BTC and certainly a reasonable price. Think I'll be offloading what I have left on you :)
Thank you very much for this service. VERY cool.
@_date: 2012-07-03 20:51:45
Just wanted to chime in again:
He's purchasing for reasonable rates and he's selling for pretty reasonable rates. Transactions are BTC only. :)
Every one of my sales to him have been fulfilled within 20 minutes. Have done 50mil+ in business with him the last few days.
I imagine purchasing from him will be a similar experience. I love the site he has put up, it has really streamlined the whole BTC&lt;-&gt;d3gold experience.
@_date: 2012-09-11 04:26:27
I put up an ad up for my zipcode (free). I set up my price to use the 24h MtGox price * 1.03 (3% markup), but you can set it to whatever you want. I prefer dynamic pricing since I don't have to babysit the ad, but you can set the price to something solid.
I set the range that I'm willing to do business in USD, which is $40-$200. In the comments, I actually write my location (not address, but cross-streets nearby) so they know exactly how far they may need to travel.
Typically I'll get an e-mail for a request, and if I'm available, I'll reply immediately to double-check their availability and location. If things are amicable, we trade phone numbers. Most of the time I'll meet them using a.placebetween.us between where I am and where they are at a local StarBucks or something so we both don't need to travel far. They bring their public key for me to send the BitCoin, I bring my cellphone with my mobile wallet installed. We shake hands, they give me cash, I send the BitCoin in front of them. If they want, we can wait for a confirmation.
Alternatively, you can use the localbitcoins escrow service that releases payment using an SMS password or something... Never did that before. I've also offered to create a new wallet, put the coins in it, and just give them the privatekey/publickey on the spot and tell them to empty it at their convenience.
3% markup will cover maybe my gas. I really do it to promote BitCoin. Most people selling locally will mark it up more than that.
You can also keep a standing ad for purchasing (rather than selling) BitCoin locally. Many people will actually keep a standing ad for MtGox +10% MarkUp to sell, and another standing ad for MtGox -10% to purchase.
This, in effect, creates a community exchange service and cuts out the need for all the AML/exchange crap. Assuming availability works out well, it's also usually quicker than an exchange. Since you have to leave the house though, I don't know if I'd say it's more convenient.
@_date: 2012-07-05 15:46:54
I had Spanish IP try to log into my Gmail account less than a month ago. I consider myself a relatively secure individual, working in IT for 16+ years and never having a personal breach. Very surprising.
I believe they got the user/pass combo from the most recent last.fm hack. I set the last.fm account up when I was much younger, and mistakenly used the same user/pass combo as the one I used for my Gmail.
BTW, this Gmail account is one I long abandoned, and most definitely my secondary account. Not tied to anything important.
I have since changed all my passwords to something completely random and independent for each site. Lesson learned, luckily didn't lose anything (that I know of).
All my BitCoin/Banking/Financial sites have always gotten their very own password that I don't even know. The passwords are generated using an off-line only KeePass database I keep on an offline-only Android phone. This includes my wallets and MtGox account.
@_date: 2012-06-29 12:58:49
This is hilariously accurate from some practical perspectives.
@_date: 2012-07-01 05:36:46
But it honestly doesn't pay that well; I'll stick with my day job :P
But it's still money paid in exchange for participating in a hobby, which I love. The game has more than paid for itself :D
@_date: 2012-07-02 03:38:07
I am a hobby programmer as well, the price matching mechanism I use for pricing out my gold is written in Python and scrapes a bunch of competitor's pricing at the time it's generated. :)
@_date: 2012-11-06 18:45:45
Looks neat, definitely bookmarking to take a look for later as a seller.
@_date: 2012-06-29 15:27:12
So if a technilogical innovation came around a increased mining capability x1000, the network would adjust quickly or slowly? The speed the network adjusts has a significant impact on how hard the economy would take it, as it would be a critical factor in the speed new BTC is introduced to the system.
@_date: 2012-07-10 03:33:11
That 51% scares me simply because.... If some place like Butterfly Labs (assuming they're legitimate) decides to make technology that is 10 or 100x stronger than the current GPUs are at mining (which is the case with what they advertise now), they can create about 10 or 20 of those machines and singlehandedly take over the network overnight. By the time we realized, our BTC would be worthless.
Now if a government entity (such as the US) decided to subcontract an organization like Butterfly Labs to give them the capability to do such a thing, we're back to square one with a centralized (or at least, controlled) currency.
@_date: 2012-07-10 03:11:15
Be careful with this, as you cannot pay legal employees (or anyone that can be classified as an employee) in BitCoin in the United States as an alternate to traditional wage. At least, not without paying them the cash amount that equals minimum wage to meet FLSA regulations.
I think this is a great idea, but make sure you operate well within the law. Pay them the usual way with your payroll system at least minimum wage (minus taxes, of course), and make up the difference in BitCoin. Keep a ledger of BitCoin payments and their approximate worth at time of distributing the payment in case the tax man rolls around and you need to declare it.
If the tax man never rolls around, I would personally never disclose the amount I paid my employees beyond the minimum wage cash payment.
Some might think they can get around this by declaring everyone Independent Contractors rather than Employees, but if anyone blows the whistle on you for this you will get in big trouble with the IRS and the State. You cannot simply define people as Independent Contractors, even if they sign off on it, thanks to the way the FLSA regulations work.
Personally, I would work for BTC wages. I'm likely to exchange the BitCoin ASAP for USD that I can spend, thereby defeating the purpose... But I respect the currency and would love to see it grow, and would therefore accept my payment in BTC.
Source: A couple payroll courses in college and handling payroll for a medium-sized construction company in California.
@_date: 2012-07-09 05:24:34
It just iterates over all the lines of public keys in a publickeys.txt (same directory).
For each public key it finds in there, it retrieves the url to the blockchain explorer history and places it in &lt;publickey&gt;-log.txt.
I don't have the source with me right now but this is extremely trivial in python. Literally, a stock python 2.7 install in pseudocode:
    open publickeys.txt
    
    for line in file:
    
      history=geturl("
    
      open line+"-log.txt"
      write history to log
    
      close line+"-log.txt"
    
    close publickeys.txt
@_date: 2012-07-01 05:35:51
I can get a lot of my older computer repair customers on board with BitCoin when they learn they can gamble with it by playing slots/video poker/roulette/black jack online with it... I've already got a few friends on board thanks to SealsWithClubs being a BTC poker venue that is inaccessible to them for $$$. :P
@_date: 2012-07-02 22:46:44
Looks like the US servers are down or acting goofy. I'll shoot you a PM with the source in a few minutes. :)
@_date: 2012-06-29 16:18:31
And that's why the pricing stays super competitive :)
I can beat the rate Blizzard will charge selling gold, and I can beat the rate PlayerAuctions is charging buyers. I can beat most Chinese sites because my overhead is less as I am really the only employee I need to worry about.
@_date: 2012-07-01 05:39:56
I'm going through the same deal right now, and I posted my results of the three methods I tried: 
I posted that yesterday so it's relatively timely :)
EDIT: Quick review of the results in the spreadsheet I keep: 
@_date: 2012-07-02 22:55:41
Everything you need to know right now is in the table I linked in my other comment. The competitive buyout for each tier of gold is listed in USD, I discount that to a fair discounted USD rate since trading in BTC carries no risk, and then convert that to BTC using the current exchange rate. Hopefully he'll be using something like that soon on-the-fly. :)
@_date: 2012-07-01 22:27:59
So is fc4b enforcing the $100 minimum for PayPal? Or you were able to do it for less?
EDIT: Looks like a bug allows you to do it for under the minimum right now. Check TangibleCryptography's response @ 
@_date: 2012-07-01 20:07:45
Who is "they"?
EDIT: Oh, it looks like fc4b is doing that. I would personally hold off then, as $100 is not a trivial amount. I was able to do it in a $20 amount when I did the test on 6/29.
There is always a risk of trading for PayPal. They could chargeback down the line and you would lose both your BTC and the money they sent.
@_date: 2012-07-02 22:06:04
That's fair, in fact, I'll give you about 20 minutes before I place a new order. You're priced a little high to be honest. Here's the latest "fair" pricing I generated using my Python script, which takes best well-reputed PlayerAuctions pricing for each purchase tier, subtracts the PlayerAuctions fees the seller would pay, and then meets it half-and-half (half the saved fee goes to buyer, half the saved fee goes to seller). Everyone wins with this method by cutting out the middle-man and it promotes BTC transactions. :D
I'll give you my script if you'll promise to buy my stock as we farm it at the fair pricing from now on, lol.
@_date: 2012-07-08 22:48:57
Note that if you have a computer to absolutely dedicate to offline bitcoining, I would prefer Armory with a paper wallet backup and an offline computer to sign outgoing transactions.
My method is less resource intensive as it all runs on a USB stick (340MB is the total size of the setup, and that includes XP) and nothing handles my private key (as it is generated each time I do a transaction based on my PassPhrase).
@_date: 2012-06-29 13:04:12
Which makes this post look that much prettier looking from the frontpage, haha.
@_date: 2012-06-30 07:44:04
Is this blackjack only?
This, coupled with sealswithclubs, has my gambling itch pretty well scratched as a US Player. Thank you BitCoin! 
Would love to see video poker and roulette! :D
Also, a well designed slot machine would be an attractive (and advantageous) addition to the house.
EDIT: Also, is there a spot where the house rules are posted for the dealer? Ie hit/stand rules? This gives us an idea of the house advantage.
@_date: 2012-07-03 06:17:19
And for record, I've been selling WoW Gold/Accounts for a LONG time, and I've been selling D3 gold since release. Never been banned.
@_date: 2012-06-29 15:24:56
Not sure why it isn't loading for you, but I'll copy it here for you:




**Why I Generally Avoid PayPal Payments for Virtual Item/Currency Transactions**




* 1. You tell PayPal you never received what you paid for. As a rule, I keep and can provide screenshots to refute my case for every one of my transactions. This works 45% of the time in my favor, and 55% in the case of the fraudster if I kept good records.
* 2. You tell PayPal your account was hacked and you didn't send the funds yourself. If you used an anonymous VPN (or proxy) to access your PayPal account when you sent me the funds, it would appear this was true. You win this case 99% of the time. I have nothing to prove to PayPal that you absolutely were who you said you were at time of purchase.


**Why BTC is Preferred for Virtual Item/Currency Transactions**


**The Big Cons of BTC for Virtual Item/Currency Transactions**








IMPORTANT: Please note that I am not personally endorsing any of the methods listed above to purchase BTC! I do not enough experience buying BTC to be considered any sort of authority on the matter.


And in the interest of full disclosure, I'll state for the record that I still do virtual item/currency transactions by PayPal, MoneyBookers, ACH Transfer, etc for sake of convenience for the buyer, but only with people I have dealt with many times before over a long period of time and only when selling in significant volume to those select few.
@_date: 2012-07-02 02:45:29
Here's my guesses: FC4B foots the PayPal fee on their end (unlike SpendBitcoins who pass it on to you), so to mitigate that they require a minimum.
The PayPal fees, for record, are 2.9% + .30. But seriously, .30 cents isn't really a huge reason to require $50. Maybe $20, but not $50 or $100...
Maybe it's to lower the amount of manually approved transactions they have to do to amounts that are not trivial so they are not wasting their time?
I'll ask for you :)
@_date: 2012-08-22 10:03:33
Personally, I'll drive to somebody's location to sell if they're nearby and send me a message from my localbitcoins.com ad. I only accept cash though.
@_date: 2012-07-10 03:17:36
Here's an issue with that argument though (at least from my standpoint as a small business owner and potential entrepreneur to use bitcoin):
* I can use Square (SquareUp.com) to accept payments from a CC at a 2.75% fee and stick to USD.
* To go from BitCoin to USD, I'll pay around a .4% fee from an exchange to trade for USD, and then have to either wait a LONG time to cash out or pay at least a 2-3% fee to get a cashout in the next few days.
As a result, I only prefer BTC so far for things that are at-risk of fraudulent chargebacks, since BTC is irreversible.
@_date: 2012-08-26 03:30:44
I would worry that this would eventually go under, and since the domains aren't registered in your name I would think you'd have a hard time reclaiming them.
@_date: 2012-07-04 02:28:18
This is simple to do too. Figure out your average fee you're paying for processing debit cards. For example, for a $20 sale you're on average receiving $19.70 due to processing fees (assuming a 1.50% fee). BitCoin buyers should be given a $.30 discount since you don't need to pay that fee.
I honestly give equivalent cash/BTC discounts to anyone paying me. Since you can't accept cash online, I give discounts to BTC payers.
Hopefully you can discount something MORE than $.30 though. I'm not sure what it costs these days to process a credit card/debit card with a good merchant account.
@_date: 2012-09-11 02:32:26
I've sold about $300 worth of BitCoins in cash using localbitcoins in Phoenix and the SF Bay Area now.
I keep about $600 worth at all times, so if someone buys a fair amount from me I'll replenish using MtGox since I've already gone through just about every AML process in the book for every payment method at every site.
More people need to do this. :)
@_date: 2012-07-01 05:54:13
I tried three methods yesterday, BitInstant was the fastest but by far the worst when it came to fees: 
Small sample size, but good for a newbie.
@_date: 2012-09-04 19:46:10


This is disappointing, both the glaring security flaw he admits to (unencrypted copy of the BTC wallets kept somewhere unencrypted on the server) and the fact that it's a huge loss as BitFloor was my favorite exchange.
Good thing I'm smarter than leaving any BTC/USD in any exchange longer than I have to. I think my net loss is something like .000005283 BTC that I had in there, and no USD, despite them being my main exit point (at least, when using an exchange) for BTC-&gt;USD.
Don't trust your coin/$$$ with anyone at this stage in BitCoin guys, especially targets ripe for hacking (exchanges are HOT targets). The level of security/accountability is just extraordinarily low.
Given TangibleCryptography's posts on the thread, I worry that FastCash4BitCoins will also be affected by this pretty significantly as well as a result of the BitFloor loss (both the potential USD/BTC loss and the loss of using the exchange as a medium for trade). That's too bad, as they're also a big asset.
@_date: 2018-11-27 04:25:55
That is legit thank you for the link. I don't need it but know others that do.
@_date: 2012-08-23 01:05:19
Thanks for that. From your description, I'm guessing the "firewall" built in to the client is using some form of checksum to validate it quickly, and this exploit allowed someone to construct a malformed or bad block that would checksum correctly.
Pretty neat. If I remember right, this is one of the things that killed the old KaZaa/Morpheus P2P sharing system. Distributed chunks to be shared of the file were checksummed, and someone (or something) made a program that would take a chunk, ruin it, and make it checksum correctly before sending it out on request. After a few days of downloading/redownloading with the poisoner in the chain, it was very difficult or impossible to get a real valid copy.
All fascinating stuff!
@_date: 2012-07-01 21:14:40
As a follow-up, I just found bitcoinslots.net but am not sure about the legitimacy of the site. I would love to see BitZino come up with an equivalent (provably fair) system. :)
@_date: 2012-06-29 22:17:12
This was entirely my thinking prior to posting :)
@_date: 2012-07-08 22:36:18
**Checking**: BlockChain.info with Google Authenticator and randomly generated KeePass password (I don't even know it). Wallet.dat for that account is backed up regularly. KeePass database is backed up in cloud.
**Savings** is where it gets interesting:
I have an offline copy of brainwallet.org saved to a USB drive. I have my public key saved to this drive as well. I have a python script that downloads the most recent transactions for this public key.
The USB Drive is a bootable MiniXP partition with a Chrome browser that can open brainwallet.org. The MiniXP partition (by design) has no networking capability.
The MiniXP partition runs in RAM only and does not utilize the host computer's hard drives.
When I want to receive coins to Savings, I know the public key.
When I want to send coins, I run the python utility to get the public key's transaction logs on a live (online) computer. Then I move the USB drive to an offline computer. Or any computer really. I boot to the MiniXP partition, open brainwallet.org (offline), use it to generate my private key using my Passphrase, and use brainwallet.org to generate the desired transaction string. When done, I save my transaction string(s) to a file in the root of the USB drive.
Move USB drive to live computer, copy+paste transactions to Electrum/BlockChain/BTC Sender. Typically I just use BTC Sender: 
Using this method, my only risk is a hardware keylogger or someone looking over my shoulder. The only risky thing is the private key, and that is only generated in RAM and displayed on a screen. All utilities handling my private key are open source (really, only an offline brainwallet.org copy with very read-able javascript source, Chrome and, well, XP).
@_date: 2012-06-29 22:16:35
@_date: 2018-03-02 14:46:07
Cryptocurrency is basically cash. If a rich person had all or most of his funds as cash in his mattress and it was known to friends of friends, yes, very high risk. And cryptocurrency is now well known enough to the general public that a non-trivial number of people understand it's cash-like.
An ATM has withdrawal limits, automated fraud detection and cameras. Cash does not have any of these features, and neither does cryptocurrency.
Now you might argue that you could secure your funds, maybe in a way that it would be difficult or impossible for you to access all of it in a robbery. Maybe "better" than the aforementioned ATM protections, and let everyone know too. That wouldn't decrease your risk though; just the idea that you keep cash in the mattress is enough to land you in trouble, and that trouble may not be informed enough to understand your self-imposed "security" limitations. And maybe they're not the type to leave witnesses.
This is all in addition to the social problems coming from people thinking you have money, which is almost always bad news. If you ever come into money, it's extremely ill advised to let friends and family know. It often changes the dynamic of a non-trivial number of those relationships suddenly and without warning.
All that said, those are probably some nice problems to have. Wish I had hodled so I wouldn't be teaching people this stuff and instead would be fortunate enough to practice it, lol.
@_date: 2012-06-29 14:17:00
Do is a verb?
I figured by equivalence: Correct Title =~&gt; Gramatically Similar Title; 
Why Johnny Derps Down the Street =~&gt; Why I Do Virtual Item/Currency Transactions by BTC Only; Johnny (subject) =~ I; Derps (verb) =~ Do
@_date: 2012-11-18 21:46:47
I hope there's some creedence to this. That would be fantastic.
But having a bitcoin app with NFC functionality (and proper security) along-side Google Wallet would be just about the same. It just wouldn't give the boost that having an official Google app supporting it would.
@_date: 2012-08-21 03:32:57
You could encrypt the private key again using your 'password'. Here's a simple encryption/decryption mechanism done in JavaScript:  (yes, I think you should be able to use this offline)
Or store the paper key in multiple sections/partitions.
Or only store x-characters of the private key on paper, and MEMORIZE the last few characters. Make the missing last characters something else when you go to print it.
There's lots of creative ideas that you can use to accomplish this yourself.
@_date: 2012-11-02 16:46:24
Unless they ask me to lock it in, I use whatever my ad says at the time the coins are sent (and cash exchanged). If they ask me to lock it in, I'll do so but with the understanding that we meet same-day, probably within a few hours.
I'll pretty much always want to exchange cash in person. Perfectly normal seeming people can become scammers, con-men are exceptionally well at appearing normal. Even normal (non-scammer) people have trouble meeting their obligations time-to-time. Since I'm exchanging an irreversible commodity, they need to be doing the same at the same time.
The other worry is I have very legal recourse, so if it isn't a "hand-to-hand" exchange everything is in the wind. The same goes for the other end (if they mailed the cash, or something like that). That's why I'm not too apt on any other methods.
@_date: 2012-07-06 08:45:04
My BitCoin wallets are at least that secure. :D
Working on an Electrum offline client that will run on an offline Android machine too. :D
@_date: 2012-11-03 21:23:44
This is exactly what I had to do back when I traded WoW Gold and D3 Gold via PayPal. Multiple verified PayPal accounts, money would cycle between them, and had multiple checking accounts linked to them that I could draw funds to and then move immediately from.
Checking accounts were ALWAYS empty as well within a week of opening.
I felt dirty, like a fraudster myself, for having to do all that. In fact, it was only an issue maybe 2 times out of a full 4 or 5 month binge of trading MMO gold over PayPal. I guess I got lucky. I never did anything shady to my customers either, but I always figured better safe than sorry to cover my own ass. Also kept meticulous records and screenshots, but PayPal doesn't care.
Had 2 chargebacks try to go through that PayPal would not accept screenshots (I'm guessing they were reporting their PayPal account was hacked), had 3 chargebacks try to go through that I "won". Really more like the guy just backed down from the chargeback.
@_date: 2012-06-29 14:12:58
The example comes to mind of this supposed Butterfly Labs tech and you bought and used 3 of the expensive machines before anyone else... You could very quickly overwhelm everyone else mining and collect all the BTC at the lower difficulty levels. This would be temporary (as I mentioned in my post) due to what you posted. Regardless this would have a definite effect on the economy (at least, short-term), as suddenly BitCoins are much harder to mine for and a select one or few have a LOT of BitCoins.
However, I didn't know blocks were released every 10 minutes though, so that would limit the introduction down to 50/25/etc BTC every 10 minutes into the economy, which isn't the disaster scenario I had envisioned. :)
Isn't the 50-&gt;25 rate reduction based upon number of BTC in the economy though, not by date? And the dates are currently only predicted by using the average mining rate of the current network? This would be an even more sound way of controlling this phenomenon (technical innovation).
@_date: 2018-02-23 00:55:04
There's a rule of thumb to put your age as a percentage into bonds and the rest into stocks. Lowers volatility as you get closer to retirement. Eg 24 year old keeps 76/24.
However, if you're already at 2.5mil+ you can eat the volatility and keep it 80%/20% split with very little fear. If the market takes a huge shit that 20% will help carry you those years where the market recovers without you having to dip too hard into your principal as you continue to pull out your 3-4% yearly amount.
@_date: 2018-02-23 18:38:00
Rather put it into Bitcoin than gold
@_date: 2018-02-23 18:39:51
You're probably right about the bond percentage, it's been awhile since I've read Bogleheads and such. Haven't been lucky enough to have to worry about it. I should have hodled.
@_date: 2018-02-23 00:51:23
2.5mil vs 500k is a pretty big difference but way more accurate if you're talking long term fuck you money. Totally agree on the simplified investing advice if you're going to put some portion in traditional market funds.
@_date: 2018-04-25 02:40:40
Okay, who holds the copyright? I guess Satoshi Nakamoto? Lol
@_date: 2013-05-21 08:36:04
This is too bad; PlayerAuctions purports themselves as an escrow service between buyers of virtual goods in games vs sellers of virtual goods. When the escrow system starts to take off with your funds or fail you, everyone loses.
@_date: 2013-01-19 06:22:51
I sold upwards $1,500 worth in the past few months on localbitcoins in the Phoenix area. A lot of people wanting to buy anonymously. Had one gentleman who never gave me his real name and would only communicate through tormail. It was nice meeting him in person, and he bought a LOT.
I don't mind purchasing and being the guy who gives all his info for AML reasons to the middle-men (Dwolla, MtGox, CoinBase, etc). I want to spread bitcoin, and localbitcoin is the way to do it for people who don't want to deal with identifying themselves.
I think I charge 9% * mtgox? And that's competitive for my area. Offsets gas pricing and hassle, but I'd honestly do it for less commission, especially depending on the volume of the purchase.
If I ever over-sell beyond my threshold, I always repurchase from an exchange. My threshold is simply 10% of the value of all my holdings in stocks/bonds/etc, as I treat BTC as my "high-risk", "speculative" investment ;)
P.S. I don't use otc or the escrowed transactions offered by localbitcoins, so I have 0 confirmed transactions and have been doing business for months in my area. Localbitcoins take a percentage from me when I sell through them, and if I'm looking someone in the eye with a face-to-face transaction, there's got to be some level of trust there. I always perform the transaction in front of them and don't mind taking my time sitting with them to wait it to confirm and/or clear on their end. Most of the time buyers have lots of questions that I don't mind answering in the meantime while we wait.
@_date: 2013-05-28 23:48:59
Any easy way to go back in time and get the fair market value of Bitcoin (in a way that would be kosher with the taxman) at time of payment?
Also, what if I don't have an accurate amount and time of payment recorded? My coins can be mixed or moved around many wallets over the course of a few months; it's hard to tell (even for me) when I technically got possession of any number of coins. With a bank account it's a lot easier to track income accurately for tax reporting purposes, for Bitcoin it sure seems impossible.
I'm tempted to just call it income at the time I cashout via Coinbase and that's it; I don't want to be dishonest but I feel like tracking payment back to its genesis fair-market-value and then figuring out how much had been gained/lost before it eventually was traded off for fiat is guessing at best unless meticulous records are kept.
I didn't get into accepting Bitcoin with this all in mind, it was just convenient for the customer to pay with it and I knew it could be cashed out.
@_date: 2017-06-03 17:04:06
Authy has the ability to password protect the backups which occur in device recovery, which I assume would protect someone from trivially hijacking my tokens by porting my number. Every time I've done a backup recovery I've had to dig out this backup password. Does anyone know if Authy will (or even has the capability to) reset this backup password for a sophisticated attacker?
Edit: It seems Authy claims they are not able to reset this password without destroying the tokens: 
@_date: 2013-05-28 23:17:57
Anyone know what the law is if you were paid Bitcoin for a job and you then exchange that Bitcoin a few months later?
I had made a bunch during the crash, not purchased but as payment for some web development, and now I'm in a position to sell them to help pay off student loans around $120. Do I declare the sale as income, or do I declare the original payment as income for the fair market value and then treat the sale as long/short capital gains?
I guess I might need an accountant come tax time for the first time; I've always done my own taxes. But BitCoin business is picking up, so I only foresee more payments through it.
@_date: 2013-05-29 00:17:12
Thanks for the input. I agree that Bitcoin specialized accounting firms should exist if this becomes mainstream; or at least, standard accounting firms will have to become familiar with it.
Yeah, when you look at it from the "What would they gain from making me do it the harder way", they could only really lose potential overly taxed income because I opted not to take the opportunity to seek out and report my losses.
I guess this justification runs under the assumption that capital gains (short or long) are always taxed less than standard income (via Sole Proprietorship / LLC); not sure if that's correct.
@_date: 2013-05-01 10:17:43
Just be prepared to wait for MtGox. Not just for verification; the withdrawal takes awhile to show up as well.
Unrelated, I'm doing a cash transaction tomorrow evening for exactly $2,000 of Bitcoin to one of my regulars. That's why your post caught my eye, haha. Here's hoping it stays over $120 by transaction time for the two of us!
@_date: 2013-05-21 23:45:56
If this is legitimate, I will spend close $1,000 on 22, 40, and 9 as soon as I feel comfortable with the company's rep. After the ammo 'shortage', I stopped trying to buy because of inflated prices. My range time has been cut down substantially, and I'm now at bare minimum ammunition levels where most of my rounds left are the 'home protection' variety; nothing good for plinking or practice.
However, I am terrified to give a new merchant Bitcoin in exchange for a good that I have to wait on shipping without any third-party well-reputed escrow service. Especially because I want to buy in such large quantity and I'm not really interested in any small amounts.
I wish you guys best of luck! I have no doubt that if you're legitimate you will continually sell out and that will be the biggest problem you run into. :)
@_date: 2013-05-22 19:29:10
@_date: 2013-01-30 09:02:33
Mmm, lunch
@_date: 2013-05-21 19:11:53
Assuming they want payment in Bitcoin. If their customer just wants to pay Bitcoin and the servicer/merchant wants payment in local fiat, then something like Bitpay / Coinbase handling that automatically and shouldering the variance/double-spend/learn-about-bitcoin-and-manage-wallet-securely risk is ideal.
EDIT: Should be noted the above is perfectly valid if you want to accept and *hold* Bitcoin for yourself. Generate a new public address with your wallet (whether that be software or a web-wallet server) and put the public address on the invoice. When a transaction is received at that public address for the full worth of the invoice amount, the invoice is technically paid.
Know that for legal reasons though, you may be required to report the income plus any capital gains/losses on your taxes for the value of the Bitcoin you get at the time it was paid plus/minus the amount it was worth at the time you "sold" it for local currency. Using a service like Bitpay / Coinbase I assume side-steps that issue since they handle all of that for you (as long as you keep a ledger of the fiat payments processed through them) and you just treat it as another payment (income) on your taxes and nothing more.
This all assumes you're interested in staying in line with your local tax law... If not, then all this goes out the window, just pick the thing most convenient to you and in line with your feelings about Bitcoin (do you want to hold it or do you just see it as a means to an end to get paid in fiat).
@_date: 2013-08-02 06:32:55
Are you guys going to be out there tomorrow? I'm tempted to drop off a jar of change from my car while I'm attending so you can just start handing these things out to people for anyone who is interested that doesn't have change. Really cool what you guys are doing; saw it in action today.
@_date: 2013-05-12 13:38:09
Coinbase *does* say ~5 business days, and if you have a new account with them, you can expect it. As someone who does regular cash outs with them, it typically takes me 2-3 business days. I usually send it to one of my accounts at Ally Bank.
I think I've only ever had it take over 5 business days once in the past 2 or 3 months, and they were having known technical issues around that time (might have been around the time of the fork issue).
@_date: 2013-06-02 23:13:05
If I had to get creative, I'd make simple but non-guessable brain wallets denominated in specific amounts. Whoever I was transacting with, I would just give the brain wallet phrase. If they had a smart phone, they could verify and/or sweep the funds immediately.
Of course, that's if I couldn't bring a smartphone or internet device to the exchange.
You'd have to develop a system to make sure you never accidentally reused the same passphrase and one where regular transactors couldn't guess your next wallet easily. The human brain is terrible at 'random', but there may be a simple way to have a hardened, yet deterministic, stream of phrases.
@_date: 2013-08-03 19:50:49
Blargh I missed this; guess that's what I get for sleeping in and not checking reddit before making plans for the next day.
@_date: 2013-08-03 01:46:15
I've got a 10 BTC wallet (blockchain.info app) on a rooted Nexus 4 while I walk around the conference; just want to see if anyone manages to snag it up somehow. Kudos to them if they get it. Bought some Casascius coins from a guy here as well for BTC using the phone's wallet.
@_date: 2013-05-01 08:15:29
My localbitcoins regular buyers that I've garnered over about a year of doing business have stepped up their purchase sizes. I think it's both because of the increase in trust and increase in demand. Without the previous relationship with them, I'd still be stuck selling $60-$200 at a time.
If you don't have any previous such relationships, an exchange would be your best bet.
I sell about a thousand dollars worth every couple days on Coinbase as well; they usually direct deposit within 3-4 days of the sell order. I just transfer the coins, and as soon as the coins show up on the transactions list, I sell them. I don't use them for anything else.
Keep in mind Coinbase may be reporting to the IRS, they *do* require some form of verification (albeit something much more lax than MtGox), and it does take a few days for the verification to go through.
I used to do business via BitFloor, but they're gone now. I have an account with CampBx but have not used it yet; pricing has been consistently better at Coinbase.
I've used fastcash4bitcoins before with success last year and they were pretty quick (but only did sub-$500 amounts). I used MtGox a few times but good god their verification process is extreme, lengthy, and even ACH withdrawals took weeks to show up.
@_date: 2013-03-15 09:01:35
In the past 3 days, I've had 2 face-to-face transactions both over $400 on localbitcoin. That's insane; typically it's one or two transactions per month, and never more than $300/ea. Things are really heating up; I'm almost to the point where I don't want to sell any more.
@_date: 2013-04-28 07:22:22
I help maintain a couple Bitcoin services. I've had a number of customers of those services come to me, angry that I had not credited their account, because they sent the funds from Coinbase and Coinbase had showed the funds as having left the account. I asked them to produce a transaction ID so I could investigate, and either they haven't been able to, or the transaction took an exceptional amount of time to confirm and the customer needed to continue to wait for the minimum number of confirmations.
At this point, I have to educate the users how Bitcoin works and how there's nothing I can do and to contact support at Coinbase, which they usually do. I tell them it's basically the "check is in the mail" story; they asked Coinbase to send us Bitcoin from their wallet, and Coinbase told them "the check is in the mail", and we still haven't gotten the check (and at times, no tracking number for the hypothetical check).
This has happened a number of times, sometimes several times a week.
Similar issues happen with MtGox.
I have no business personally with you guys. I think maybe you replied to the wrong thread, and meant to reply to the OP?
@_date: 2013-04-27 22:09:11
Coinbase can randomly take a long time to actually send the coins, it's terribly annoying. "Real" wallet generated transactions, if you include a modest fee and are decently connected to peers on the network, are quicker.
I don't think he tried to scam you. Make sure you return the cash or coin if it *does* go through. And advise him not to use coinbase as a wallet for in-person BTC transactions because of the issues stated above and in other posts.
@_date: 2013-07-25 01:16:23
A little late but...
I've been on the fence about switching from Dropbox for my personal use (all the sensitive stuff in there has been in there for many years, so the NSA scandal was an "oh well" ordeal for me); I also have a CrashPlan account for my LLC that utilitizes their encryption/0-knowledge features.
I haven't had the time to try out SpiderOak but I've heard terrific things, and 0-knowledge revision-based encrypted cloud storage sounds like a nice mash-up of what I need in CrashPlan and what I need in Dropbox.
I'll gladly pay for a year subscription in Bitcoin if you start accepting it, even if I don't use it right away. Send me a message when/if you do.
Would recommend using Coinbase or Bitpay as a payment processor to help mitigate any liability/accounting issues you might open yourself up to by handling Bitcoin. Part of the fee you pay those payment processors is so that they foot the bill of the exchange risk and you can plausibly claim that you never saw any Bitcoin in the first place, you only received payment like any other type of payment in USD, and your accountant can treat it the same and even treat the 'fee' or amount received under the charged amount as a writeoff (just like your credit card processing fees).
Once the accounting / tax laws become clear about Bitcoin, it might be worthwhile to cut out the middle man (payment processor). Any company with a non-trivial amount of liability / assets really ought to be using the middle man in the meantime just for protection.
@_date: 2013-05-12 20:44:35
I use their services pretty regularly; it'd be terrific if they accepted Bitcoin since I've been getting paid for work in Bitcoin. I typically stage design/development work on one of their servers when I need a "dedicated" platform.
That said, I completely understand their hesitation if they're worried from an abuse standpoint. An anonymously purchased VPS service will undoubtedly be used as a platform for botnet herding, credential phishing, and a number of other malicious things.
Blacklotus.net accepts Bitcoin and has to deal with the same issues, albeit their entry price is magnitudes higher over Digital Ocean so perhaps that makes it less likely to be abused as opposed to an ultra-inexpensive service.
@_date: 2013-08-16 05:41:01
I actually didn't organize this, just passing on the word since I frequent and hadn't seen it already. I've never used meetup.com so thought it was kinda obscure.
I think the kudos goes to Alessandro Nardella as the event organizer? 
@_date: 2013-08-03 19:39:11
I couldn't find you guys all day yesterday; turns out you were outside, I'm guessing by the pool area? I still have that jar of change to drop off in my laptop bag so you can give pocket change worth of Bitcoin away for those who are interested but don't carry change.