@_author: xkq3
@_date: 2015-12-11 16:44:29
He also mentions firewall and named issues and having problems to open his 
cluster to the outside, allowing it to be used by the students (around 21m).
Just let them do a multi hop SSH tunnel, one from their machines to your 
intranet and from there to a few reserved nodes in your cluster. No need to touch any firewalls.
Shouldn't take a sysadmin more than 30 minutes to set up.
Also the whole lecture was basically: so a neural network R package exists. Could have saved his students 26:48m and just send them an email.
@_date: 2015-12-09 17:17:30
The [description of the course]( seems very suspicious. 
It claims to cover
*  Porting code to the Xeon Phi
*  Coding Linear Methods for Regression
*  Model Assessment and Selection
*  Additive Models, Trees and Related Methods
*  Support Vector Machines and Flexible Discriminants
*  Neural Networks
*  Developing using Prototype Methods and Nearest Neighbours (the whole sentence doesn't make sense)
*  Supervised and Unsupervised Learning.
And on top of that, it will teach students the programming part (parallel programming, MPI, CUDA, programming in R and in C). 
And the kicker is: all of this in only 4 weeks, with a total of 4 hours of
lectures!!!! Yeah, this is some hefty bullshit!
Let me tell you: no University on this planet would put so much machine
learning into a course about cluster programming. And the University course will have 3 hours a week over a whole semester.
This guy just opened a book about machine learning (presumably an older one, 
written by statisticians and not by computer scientists), and 
copied a few buzzwords into his course description. 
My guess is on *The Elements of Statistical Learning: Data Mining, Inference, and Prediction* 
written by Trevor Hastie, Robert Tibshirani, Jerome Friedman (great book btw, I read it). Most of 
the bullet points match the chapter titles.
Oh and I just can't see why SGI should sponsor such a course and why the vice president should take his time to comment on it. Very, very dubious.
@_date: 2015-12-09 13:14:28
It really makes me wonder how easy it is to get a forged entry into the Top 500. 
So many things don't make sense to me:
* He claims to be sitting on one of the worlds biggest supercomputers, 
and yet he can't put into words what he's actually doing with all the 
computing power. Having the money to build a supercomputer is one thing, having
the money to run one the other. A private company doesn't build a Top 10 supercomputer
just to play around with it. 
* No pictures or videos of the supercomputer exist. He seems like the kind of guy
that would love to show you lines of server racks, but nada.
* The company that owns the supercomputer also sells "five petabytes of storage" 
units with "720 x 10TB hard drives" per rack. Not a single picture exists of 
those either. Only an incredible pixelated graphic.
* He has a video showing some sort of demo of a cluster monitoring tool,
which looks more like a CSI graphic than anything that could be remotely 
useful for people running HPC clusters. It also has a neat graphic of a globe with all
nodes - the problem is supercomputers sit in one location, you don't need a map 
of a globe to visualize your nodes. And even if it's their product, how many 
businesses would need such a thing? 
@_date: 2015-12-09 18:18:50
Correct me if I'm wrong, but the [original paper]( wasn't written in LaTeX and it wasn't uploaded to arXiv. *pdfinfo* says
    Producer:       OpenOffice.org 2.4
and the fonts Century Schoolbook, Times New Roman, Arial, Courier don't make me think otherwise. It also wasn't published to arXiv, since arXiv only accepts [papers from trusted authors](