@_author: xnykx
@_date: 2017-12-11 11:32:10
It's been raising rates and it's starting to unwind its balance sheet, are you fucking moronic? 
@_date: 2017-12-11 13:16:55
Not really narrow minded, I just try to use facts. Like for example, I use facts to answer your questions. I also try to understand that even though blockchain could potentially be a useful technology, I don't try to delude myself by thinking BTC will be the currency of the future, especially when its main proponents are armchair economists that think deflation is good and fractional reserve banking is bad.
@_date: 2017-12-11 12:29:43
How, if both QE is decreasing and interest rates are going up? Do you know anything about Economics?
By the way, do you know WHY QE was used? 
@_date: 2017-12-11 12:05:17




It's been raised. Back to your question:


Barely a month ago?
@_date: 2018-05-04 06:59:15
Nah, I’m fairly sure the internet is a stronger network. I would be fairly certain that Facebook is a bigger network. I’m also fairly certain that the US Dollar and every other govt issued currency is legal tender, unlike Bitcoin.
Finally, can you all bitcoiners tell me, how you can trust a trustless coin unless you’re able to read the source coin yourself? How do you know it’s not written to be a scam? Why do you trust experts? Isn’t that the point - you don’t need to trust anyone? If you need experts, why not just have someone who you elect or who you know is accountable (ie the Fed) who controls the money flow? The reason I ask is because I’m fairly certain that mass adoption can’t happen because it’s ‘trustless’ or ‘decentralised’ because a human wrote a code and then another dude/dudette is telling the non technically proficient whether it’s good enough? 
Or is it hard to accept the fact you made money off a concept via speculation?
@_date: 2017-11-26 13:00:36
The mental gymnastics one has to do to actually tie those arguments to the fact that BTC is not a bubble.
He starts by saying that skeptics' issue is the value rise from $5000 to $6000, and minimizes the insane jump in value at the beginning (let's say it starts from 1$ instead and that makes it a 99900% rise to $1000). 
But let's ignore a "bloggers" maths skills, and move onto the comparison to TSLA, because why not compare a huge bubble with a smaller bubble? I won't dwell too much on the author's omittance of a scale for BTC for his pricing charts (fucking lol), and let's instead focus on him comparing a company that generates wealth for its shareholders via investing and manufacturing tangible goods to a what people are calling a cryptocurrency. The reason TSLA stock is valued at that price is because people are pricing its future cash flows. The price of BTC is literally made up on the fucking spot. You can't tell me why those things are worth over 9k. Regardless, TSLA will pop if they cannot deliver, because the price relies so much on the promises made by Musk.
So he goes onto supply and demand - fantastic. Except, BTC is supposed to be a currency right? Why would you ever spend it if it keeps multiplying in price? Since when is deflation beneficial? Inflation drives consumption and investment since the falling convertibility value of money incentivizes it. 
Where is the demand coming from? Speculation. It's not an 'investment' in the technology. That would be buying the firms that incorporate the technology into their operations or investing into the firms that specialize in it. Buying something because you think demand will keep rising is almost the definition of a bubble.
Cities built on clouds. 
@_date: 2018-11-16 20:09:36
But you made this chart in August and made the correct trades?