@_author: xoin_za
@_date: 2014-08-29 09:49:32
Thanks for the suggestion. We've decided to charge no fees for the first few weeks. A vouchers is redeemed for its face value at the BitX South African exchange rate. In the future, a percentage fee may be charged on smaller amounts and a fixed fee for larger value vouchers.
@_date: 2014-09-02 15:29:54
For smaller value vouchers purchased at small merchant stores, we are currently planning to charge a 7% fee in total of which 5% is commission for the reseller. Ideally, the fees should be lower, but this will depend largely on user and merchant adoption of our service.
For larger voucher values, the fee would be capped. We envision integrating this solution with larger chain stores for the purpose of buying vouchers as a remittance solution. We can cut cost here, because the commission rate for a merchant would then be around 2%.
For now we are just driving user adoption. We want to see if someone is willing to buy a voucher and make an effort to understand the technology.
The fees quoted above are current estimates, however everything will depend on user adoption and demand for our service. We are actively investigating additional revenue streams as, ideally, the fees should be as low as possible.
*Edit for clarity
@_date: 2014-09-02 20:04:31
Thanks for the feedback, will definitely look into this. 
One problem is that even with a full proof of reserves, users still needs to trust that the service provider is implementing best practices with regard to security. It definitely does provide some reassurance and transparency though.
@_date: 2014-09-02 15:47:56


This is a good suggestion. ~~Our target market, however, is the average user in Africa that does not know what a Merkle tree is.~~ We feel that since vouchers are typically purchased in relatively small amounts for once-off use, buying a Xoin voucher is similar to buying prepaid airtime. If at any point a Xoin voucher does not work, word will quickly spread and people will stop using our service.
If one were to go one step further, an ideal prepaid voucher system would be one for which you do not need to trust the issuer. E.g. by embedding a bitcoin transaction in the voucher and making use of [oracle contracts]( or by using something like the Open Transactions platform to implement the prepaid voucher contract as a financial instrument.
@_date: 2014-08-25 17:03:26
Thanks! We do follow Bitcoin South Africa on facebook and it's great to see Xoin being promoted. Thanks for helping to spread the word!
@_date: 2014-08-25 15:30:38
Vouchers are currently available at Pulp Cinema in the Neelsie and at Plakkies in the engineering faculty. We have a number of new merchants lined up for this week and will be posting updates on our blog.   
A launch party sounds like a great idea!
@_date: 2014-08-25 15:17:38
For vouchers of less than R100 (~10 USD), a 7% fee is charged.   
5% goes to the merchant reseller (this is similar to the commission made on airtime sales) and the rest is exchange fees and commission.  
Vouchers are redeemed for their face value (minus the 7% fee) at the BitX South African exchange rate at the time the voucher is redeemed.
For larger value vouchers, we plan to offer reduced fees.
EDIT: We've decided to charge no fees for the first few weeks. A vouchers is redeemed for its face value at the BitX South African exchange rate. In the future, a percentage fee may be charged on smaller amounts and a fixed fee for larger value vouchers.
@_date: 2014-09-02 16:27:19
That's a very good point: it's definitely not a long term solution and it doesn't scale well at all. 
We're currently working with merchants that we have a good relationship with in a controlled local environment, while we work out the fee structure.
The problem is providing the incentive for merchants to sell our vouchers and incentive for users to go through the effort to try it out. For our initial launch on Stellenbosch campus this is working well and we are working on refining our fee structure and business model based on feedback from merchants and users.
@_date: 2014-09-02 12:00:03


Xoin currently does not charge the end user any fees - the the aim is to drive initial adoption. A voucher is redeemed for its face value at the BitX South African exchange rate. In the future, a percentage fee may be charged on smaller amounts and a small fixed fee for larger value vouchers. 


It's important to note the distinction between a prepaid voucher and a paper wallet. A prepaid voucher can be redeemed at any time for its face value which is denoted in fiat currency, while a paper wallet is a private key which gives you access to your bitcoins. 
@_date: 2014-08-25 16:23:53
That's the plan ;)
@_date: 2014-08-25 15:48:29
Great thanks for the correction and suggestion. Let us know if you find anything else that needs correcting.  
We feel there's definitely room for improvement when it comes to the explanations and descriptions on our site and we're hoping to refine these over time to make everything as clear and concise as possible.
@_date: 2014-08-25 16:17:12
Thanks! ;)
@_date: 2014-08-25 19:52:20
We are in close contact with the team at BitX and their exchange API is used to facilitate the redemption of our Bitcoin vouchers.
Also, when a user chooses to redeem a Xoin voucher to his email address rather than a Bitcoin address, he is automatically provided with a free BitX wallet.
@_date: 2014-08-25 15:06:16
Hi we’re Xoin from Stellenbosch, South Africa and we’re launching this week. Buying bitcoin and loading it to a mobile wallet is now as easy as buying airtime.
We’d appreciate your support as well as any feedback, questions or suggestions. Our account kept getting shadowbanned when posting links to social media in this comment, but check out our blog for updates on this week's launch.
We’re launching in Stellenbosch, which we believe is the ideal location to leapfrog the use of bitcoin as a financial infrastructure for Africa. We have an exciting few weeks ahead of signing up prepaid bitcoin merchants, spreading the word about Xoin and encouraging mainstream adoption of Bitcoin in South Africa. Stay tuned for updates.
@_date: 2014-08-25 20:13:34
Currently we are dealing with vouchers for small amounts in a controlled local environment and therefore identity information is not required when purchasing Xoin vouchers.
We are, however, actively working on a solution to ensure that we are fully compliant with the Financial Intelligence Centre Act, even when operating on a larger scale.
@_date: 2014-09-02 16:48:29
You're right, the fact that the users don't know what a merkle tree is shouldn't make any difference.  Xoin is currently an easy way to obtain bitcoins, but unfortunately it does come with counterparty risk, as do many products and services which exist today.
The main problem with the cryptographic proof suggestion, however, is that we do not hold the voucher reserves in Bitcoin, but in South African rands. This is because users should always be able to redeem their bitcoins at the current exchange rate. 
If we held reserves in bitcoin and the exchange rate dropped, users would no longer be able to redeem the value of their voucher. Traditional auditing is therefore a better solution in this case as the fiat world does not currently have bitcoin's level of transparency.
@_date: 2014-08-25 15:18:22
See my comment [above](
@_date: 2014-09-02 15:12:23


The article is correct as well. The merchant currently makes a 5% profit, while Xoin is subsidising the user fee with the goal of driving initial adoption.  
For now we are just driving user adoption. We want to see if someone is willing to buy a voucher and make an effort to understand the technology. See our [comment]( below for the planned fee structure.


This simply refers to the exchange rate used, currently it is not the Coinbase or Bitstamp exchange rate, but the BitX exchange rate. E.g. If your voucher says R100, then by redeeming your voucher you will receive the same amount of bitcoins as you would have if you had bought R100 worth of bitcoins on BitX exchange at that moment.