@_author: xoxoyoyo
@_date: 2014-10-05 02:05:57
You do not appear to know anything about investment. Neither do I, but I did not realize it until I lost a ton of money. You should read fooled by randomness, by nassim taleb. The basic idea is that you have equated a lucky streak with skill, and now you are pretending that you are skilled enough to cope with what has always been an irrational and volatile market. You have two choices in the matter. You can stop now and walk away with some money, or you can stop when it is all gone. I don't imagine many people have the stress tolerance to be able to successfully gamble the family fortune. Without the stress tolerance you are doomed to make irrational decisions. You need to set aside the fantasy you have built in your mind, the fantasy where your job will consist of making a few trades daily and walking away with a couple of thousand each day. Yes, it worked a few days, but it was not skill, luck only. Do yourself a favor and walk away before your addiction destroys your family.
@_date: 2014-10-05 22:54:11
by the way, how is your sister? did you give her the car?
@_date: 2013-11-23 19:07:17
Get it through your head. If you don't stop, you will LOSE IT ALL.
@_date: 2013-11-23 18:55:46
Ok, sounds like you are one of those toxic people that have blown through their own inheritance and are now going to steal other people's money so you can blow through it also. There is a lesson to be learned in your investment patterns, and that lesson is that you are no good at it. As long as you continue to participate you will continue to lose money until it is all gone. Then your sister will find out and your family will be destroyed more than what it is. Successful investors don't need your money... because they are successful. Anyone you find is just going to lose more money for you. You have fallen under the get rich quick delusion. You hear all the success stories but nobody writes about the failures which are much more common. If you trade you will fall into the latter category. The more you trade the faster you will lose. If you think bitcoins are a good investment then you buy them and hold them for 10 years. Trading is just gambling against the rest of the world, and there are lots of better gamblers that are good at predicting how stress will make you make irrational decisions.