@_author: xpanda70
@_date: 2017-12-05 18:05:23
There is a lot of noise being made on social media about whether or not the 1:1 claim is true. This has been going on for some time, and much of the data from critics is well-researched and documented. To put the whole thing to rest, Tether could easily have an audit conducted by a respected third party who would be willing to put their signature to it. They haven't done that. Just because they say 'it's pegged to USD, we swear' doesn't make it true.
If I were running a business in a wholly unregulated space where the trust of my customers wasn't assumed via regulatory bodies giving the thumbs up, I would go out of my way to prove my trustworthiness. What I wouldn't do is dodge the question constantly, hire a goon for a PR team, and then threaten to sue anyone who says bad things about my business. 
So, yes, I think they are lying.
Edit to add: this doesn't mean they don't have any USD at all. It is that the ratio is suspect. Perhaps it's 1:25 or 1:100. In any case, the biggest concern, IMO, is just how inflated are today's crypto prices? And what happens when (if?) the Tether jig is up?
@_date: 2017-12-05 20:17:55
I'm grateful for it also. :)
@_date: 2017-12-05 14:31:30
Yes. If you hold USDT on Bitfinex you would buy BTC or alts. If the fear was high enough in the market and the price dropping, you might then move those coins to an exchange where you can cash out. Remember that a great majority of recent investors in BTC and alts are in it for the ROI, not the tech or principles.
@_date: 2017-12-05 19:25:43
I doubt Friedman is lying, too. However, only writing a report means that they haven't given the books the kind of scrutiny they deserve right now. A full audit is needed to quiet this down.
Fwiw, I'm fully out of crypto for the time being until this settles. I might miss out on a jigabazillion dollars in profit but I remember what it felt like watching the crash of '08 and wishing I'd heeded the warning signs then. 
@_date: 2017-12-05 20:32:44
I think most of the time someone receives a Tether at Bitfinex is by selling a coin on the exchange. I don't think anyone is really buying Tether straight up for USD. In theory, if this is on the up and up, the exchanges would be buying Tether from Tether Ltd. 
My fear is that they aren't really buying Tether with USD, but finding them under their pillow instead.
@_date: 2017-12-05 20:02:56
"if they're selling USDT for the price of $1 each, then by definition they are receiving $1 for every Tether in existence."
This is only true if they have to actually buy Tether from another entity, AND are actually redeeming Tethers for real USD. 
What if they don't? What if Tether and Bitfinex are one and the same? What if there aren't cash withdrawals from Bitfinex? My understanding is only institutions can withdraw which again is more opacity. 
The market cap of Tether may not be much, but read people who have a better grasp of the math than I for a look at how they could still be responsible for at least the start of each pump. But, again imo, as soon as mom and pop and grandma hear the word 'counterfeiting' in relation to Bitcoin, and especially if the biggest exchange on earth goes down, panic will set in. 
@_date: 2017-12-05 19:23:06
Tether has created another 145 million of itself since the hack. If you were a bank, an investor, or just a depositor, would you be inclined to loan $145 USD to a just-got-hacked coin-trust-thingie that has never had a full and proper audit, and that, for all intents and purposes should be $30 million in the hole if on the up and up? Probably not. 
@_date: 2017-12-05 20:01:24
Your analogy of tether to casino chips might well be perfectly spot on. And if it is, that is one scary scenario. People have mortgaged their homes and dipped into their retirement savings to get in on this action.
I don't think I believe that sheer demand for tether on the exchanges is the reason 145 million worth of it has been created since the hack. It is quite possible much of it was created out of just nothing *poof* but is being used to buy a real asset (BTC etc). The thing is, we don't really know, and we should know for sure. This is all super scary when you look at any crypto chart. 
@_date: 2017-12-05 18:44:20
It wasn't an audit. An audit is a very detailed, very binding analysis of the books. There are legal implications to signing an audit. Not so with a memo. From your link:
"Tether calls it:
…a good faith effort on our behalf to provide an interim analysis of our cash position and our issued and outstanding tokens, as part of ongoing efforts to further professionalize the transparency mechanisms of Tether Limited.
The report was written by accounting firm Friedman LLP, on a consulting basis.
As it stands, the release confirms that the Tethers in circulation are more than adequately capitalised by dollar accounts.
There’s only one ambiguity. As Tether note:
…these consulting services do not constitute an audit or attestation engagement, which would include a significantly expanded scope of procedures and take substantially more time to complete."
@_date: 2017-12-22 18:23:40
Believe half of what you see and none of what you hear.
@_date: 2017-12-05 14:29:35
The (admittedly circumstantial) evidence to support the claim is in the lack of transparency by Tether and its exchanges. Its fueled also by their disclosure statement that Tether isn't actually guaranteed redeemable for USD. 
The situation is not unlike the US Fed claiming that all USD is still backed - to at least some extent - by the tons of gold stored in the vaults at Fort Knox, all the while refusing an independent audit of said gold in the face of continuous money printing.
Tether doesn't pass the smell test. If they are on the up and up, why not hire a respected auditor and eliminate doubt? Why would they not do that? 
@_date: 2017-12-01 19:21:03
The bitcoin-like parabolic spike on that chart is over a 20-year period. Compare BTC and M2 on a daily chart instead. Then compare. The M2 spike isn't even close (even though it is still really bonkers!)
I've been reading charts for a decade now and I've never seen anything like BTC. 
@_date: 2017-11-17 18:19:04
Financial secrets destroy marriages. 
@_date: 2017-11-14 14:57:18
I used to work in the online gambling industry. I've met Calvin Ayre (briefly, first impression-type stuff) and attended his annual Bodog conference in Vegas a few times. He is most definitely a giant douche. Most of the industry doesn't care for him: his decision to brag about his billions on the cover of Forbes attracted a lot of unwanted heat to the business. He's a megalomaniac, and it's serious business that he was banned from trading in Canada for 20 years. His first gig out of school and he tries to cheat the system. Nice one. 
None of this means BCH won't surpass BTC, however. Too often it's the unethical dirtbags who come out on top.
@_date: 2017-09-22 04:10:27
Jamie Dimon is the CEO of one of the largest banks in the US. He is on the Board of the New York Fed. He sat with Hank Paulson and the rest of the banking cartel when TARP was passed. Jamie Dimon is relevant AF. His words matter, especially when he spews them on CNBC. 
He called Bitcoin a fraud while simultaneously buying it for clients. If he really believes Bitcoin is a fraud, then buying it for clients is unethical and counter to Regs. If he doesn't really believe it's a fraud, then he talked down the market on knowingly false information, most likely for profit. Either way, market abuse is absolutely right here.