@_author: xpat
@_date: 2010-12-11 16:36:19
Unfortunately, people still trust bankers more than their neighbors, according to a recent poll, so this system is not likely to be adopted on a large enough scale to reach critical mass. That's a shame, because the idea is good in principle.
@_date: 2011-05-29 17:30:14
I don't see another 1000x increase in bitcoin value happening. If it did, that makes for a very unstable currency, not well-suited for trade. As soon as someone provides an alternative which is stable, bitcoin's bubble may pop. Or, even without an alternative technology, simply starting another bitcoin block chain, and another, etc., will water down existing bitcoins. And bitcoin is still in the beta stage; it could still become illegal or hacked by government supercomputers if it becomes too popular. 
It's not too surprising that bitcoins have appreciated by 1000x to this point, but I wouldn't go all in at this point. Like any bubble, some people may make a fortune if their timing is perfect, but most get burned.
@_date: 2011-03-23 17:06:47
I don't think you're alone in finding the inner workings of bitcoin obscure. Just yesterday, a [promotional video]( was released. It was badly needed and is a good start, but a more technical tutorial is also needed.
Bitcoin is not flawless, but it has the advantage of an enthusiastic and rapidly growing community supporting it. As time goes on, and more and more nodes and computing power back up the network, and more and more savy programmers scrutinize the code, the flaws should be minimized to the point where it is superior to any competing currency, all of which have flaws of their own.
As far as I can tell, the key feature of bitcoin is the use of *proof of work* to prevent double spending. This in turn relies on cryptographic techniques which create asymmetry or irreversibility. These features tie bitcoins to the physical world laws of energy (proof of work) and thermodynamics (irreversibility), which together give bitcoins their scarcity. 
Usually, the realm of pure information is immune to the limitations of the physical world, and data can be copied *ad infinitum*. Too bad the physical world does not also have such unlimited abundance; then we wouldn't need money. It was quite a clever trick to port the scarcity of the physical world into the info world.
@_date: 2011-03-23 23:08:23
It may be that your small transaction has been backlogged as unconfirmed. This has recently become a serious problem and is being addressed. According to [Bitcoin News](
*The number of unconfirmed transactions queued had exceeded 2,000 transactions with some having been first queued for more than 24 hours.
- Temporary workaround: Some mining pools accepting free transactions.
- Fix will come with Bitcoin v0.3.21 (which includes “limitfreerelay”).
- [
It was expected that the day would come when miners would stop including transactions in blocks unless paid a small fee to do so. The pending fix will delay that day, but it will eventually arrive. Your bitcoin client has an optional field for the fee. If you put a non-zero value in it, your transaction is more likely to be confirmed quickly.
@_date: 2011-05-29 12:05:57
I don't see any way to create a sound currency that is not based on something scarce. If there were no shortage of anything, we would not even need money. Money is useful as a medium for exchanging one scarce thing for another, or for storing value to be used for future exchange. 
Bits in computer systems are not scarce. To make a particular combination of bits scarce (immune to counterfeiting), an algorithm is needed that involves the use of a significant amount of some physical resource. The bitcoin hashing algorithm requires so much computation that a significant amount of hardware and electricity use is needed, which trace back to limited resources such as the oil used to generate electricity. 
So, it is no more wasteful and no less necessary to consume resources to generate bitcoins than to mine and refine gold or silver for coins. And in both cases, the process can be viewed as less wasteful if the coin creation process has side benefits. Generating a bitcoin can help heat a house in a cold climate, and the nearly pure gold or silver in coins can readily be used in many manufacturing processes.