@_author: xp-pointblank
@_date: 2013-04-08 08:30:56
Sigh.. I had 3BTC (yeah I know rich huh? lol) in early Jan that I used to buy some things off of bitmit. Right after that they took off and now I have a whole .00002 remaining. No way I can buy into it now so I will watch how it goes. Wish I would've held onto those though. Lesson learned.
@_date: 2013-04-10 23:02:01
$546 (2.1 BTC) for XCOM: EU
$468 (1.8 BTC) for Borderlands GOTY
I definitely know that feeling....
@_date: 2013-04-10 18:25:22
While I'm all for spending the coins, if I was to do it over again I would've held. The 3 BTC that I had in January before it took off and spent on Bitmit would have been more than enough to help my family get through my son breaking his leg a few weeks ago. On top of that, the way it jumped, I paid 2 BTC for a game which is right around $500 at this point. No way for anyone to know the future, but hindsight and all, I should have saved for when I needed it and built on it. 
I'm personally extremely happy for those who have had their lives made easier almost overnight. I knew BTC would go places, just didn't have the extra money to buy in. Whether they are required to pay taxes or not, there are more than a few that no longer have to be under the shadow of debt and I say good for them and is a wise move in my eyes. That said, I'm all for spending the coins for actual items as well. I only kick myself in regards to the fact that there is such a large gap from the $15 that it was at when I spent and I did at that time (just before it took off). I had no way of knowing my child would break his leg either so that definitely adds to the situation, but it hasn't scared me away from bitcoin either as an investment and to be used for purchases still as well. I just start over and learn from it, but I don't see fault with people going either way even considering taxes. 
@_date: 2013-04-10 22:21:06
You've made a good argument and one that I've gone through while watching the climb. I've said it elsewhere, I had 3 BTC back in January when the price was $15. I decided to use them at Bitmit only to watch the climb shortly after. Once the price started going past $50 within a short amount of time, I was already feeling foolish for buying something with them. The feeling only got worse as the price went higher. I mean, up to today, had I held off on getting rid of them, I could've made around a third of my monthly income to support my family. Considering I fell behind with work due to my son breaking his leg, I can see why a lot of people would be hesitant to spend the coin or do anything but try and hold on. 
As I made those 3 BTC mining on occasion, it isn't as big of a loss to me, but it's a natural reaction, I think, to kick yourself for paying in essence, 600% above retail (in my case I bought two games) in such a short amount of time. How could someone who would try to use them as intended feel confident in it with that large of a jump? I'm still going to mine here and there as well as buy in as I can as I do want this to succeed, but I also can't hate on the newly "debt-free" people for cashing out either though. It may not be good for Bitcoin on the whole, but being in a situation myself, I could see why someone would.
@_date: 2013-04-10 18:04:01
I had 3 BTC in January that I used to buy some things off of Bitmit right before it took off. While it's a small amount in the grand scheme of things, you don't know how badly I kick myself for using them and not holding onto them. Considering those three would have been about anywhere from a third to half of what I make in a month, I could have at least cashed out now when I missed work from my son breaking his leg last month. Such is life though, and it hasn't discouraged me from bitcoin, or buying into it more as I can (starting over basically at .00002).