@_author: xpure_acidx
@_date: 2018-01-04 03:15:22
They're so inconsistent too. With EUR/USD, then USD/JPY. 
@_date: 2018-01-01 03:53:35
"Fiat money is derived from the relationship between supply and demand" 
Oh look at gold! Supply is low, and demand is high. Thus its valuable. Thus its fiat currency!
But you'll say, "The second part of the quote says that fiats value doesnt come from the material that the money is made of". Ya you're right, I guess gold isnt fiat.
What do you think the material of bitcoin is? The material of bitcoin at its roots is work/labour. To get bitcoin you need labor power. And labor power is a commodity with value (Assuming theres no ethics involved in buying and selling the labor of a machine). Thus bitcoin is a commodity, as you are selling the results of labor/work. 
@_date: 2018-01-14 06:15:44
Why dont yall have binance or your exchanges as bookmarked link? If you google it, google will place an advert at the top. 
@_date: 2018-01-01 03:35:02
Im laughing at you for thinking Bitcoin and other crypto is worthless fiat. Thats the definition im using for fiat which everyone else defines it as. Worthless. Fiat is worthless, given value only due to regulations. 
If Bitcoin is so worthless, make your own Bitcoin right now. Do it. 
@_date: 2018-01-01 03:08:31
Thats a cherry picked definition and incomplete. What gives commodities any value is scarcity. Bitcoin is scarce. Thus its a commodity.  Fiat currency can be created at will of a central authority. 
Learn some basic economics.
@_date: 2018-01-14 04:55:58
creditcard companies make money from the transaction fees on the merchant side. 
Exchanges charge you this transaction fee. No different then paying yourself on paypal. 
@_date: 2018-01-11 04:39:03
Can't anyone just make a fork? 
Obviously it wont be worth much if no one wants it, but if you were a big company that likes ethereum, could you not just fork it and re brand it.
@_date: 2018-01-03 00:36:09
Probably anything less than 100$ is not worth. Ethereum is probably your best bet if you going for a small amount.
@_date: 2018-01-14 04:06:10
Creditcard companies make money off of people going into creditcard debt. They have every incentive for you spend yourself deep into debt. Credit card want you to go into debt, because every month they get 20% of your outstanding balance compounded. 1000$ of debt can turn into 10000$ easy if you lose you job or you're unable to make payments because of other debts. You definitely will eventually pay the principal, but you'll be fighting to pay off the interest for a while. In fact the 20% interest gives an incentive for the consumer to stop paying other lower interest debts like car payments or your mortgage to pay off the credit card debt first. This is because of the rate of increase in the total amount owed. So crypto purchases would be be good for capital one. They get lots of money in creditcard fees from the exchange. And they get a bunch of people in possible debt. 
The problem is charge backs. Since you do not provide a pin when you purchase something online, you can claim a charge back. The problem with crypto is that you can buy the crypto, you can move it out of the exchange and the exchange is fucked when the charge back is executed. Also if a credit card is stolen, the card can be used fraudulently (ie some steels someone's wallet with id and cc). This turns into an insurance risk for both the insurance companies of the creditcard company and the exchange. If the insurance companies choose not to tango, then the credit card will not be accepted.
@_date: 2018-01-14 06:57:38
Seems like I need to use simpler language for you to understand. 
Lets say you're a bitcoin miner. Currently there is two bitcoins chains being worked on at the same moment in time about 2 confirmations apart. Which one do you choose to mine? 
Well at that point, you're essentially gambling. You randomly pick one. But what do you do if the chain you're mining on continues to become shorter than the other chain? Exchanges, and other people trust the longest chain, so at the moment no one trusts what you're currently mining. 
Its best that you abandon the work you have been doing (even abandoning a successful mined block reward on the abandoned chain) and work on the longest chain. Because the longest chain is where the value is. 
All the mined bitcoin on abandoned chains have no value. Unless of course you do a hard fork of bitcoin and advertise it so people might think its legitimate. This is the decentralized democracy in process. People need to choose to use your chain (if no one uses it, its worthless). People need to choose which block chain to mine (this is democracy securing the network).
malicious blockchains will have low hash power and fall behind.
edit: This applies the same for proof of stake. substitute mining for staking. 
@_date: 2018-01-14 05:28:22
Whats the difference in spending thousands of dollars for mining equipment and profiting off of what the card mines and spending thousands of dollars for ethereum and profiting off what you stake? 
One option requires a city's worth of power.
Hugo's argument is completely invalid as it assumed you didnt need to put anything in to get ethereum, which is completely false. In fact Hugo's argument is largely a false equivalency. 
Okay so what is decentralized currencies doing? What is the main idea behind "proof" concepts (Proof of work, Proof of Stake, Proof of Storage, Proof of Network) is that you are taking a resource of scarce quantities and you are "Voting" for the *next* updated ledger. What gives cryptocurrencies value is literally successful democratic processes with every newly minted block. The longer the chain, the more inherent trust there is in the system. Because it has lasted this long with legitimate voters. This is where the value is.
Hugo is comparing a decentralized method of democracy to thermodynamics. That clearly has no comparison. Its merely just economics.
Why vote for a false chain? Game theory suggests you only have all to loose unless you have over 50.1% of the network "voting" strength. So you might as well play by the rules. (The proof of stake algorithm in ethereum will punish "bad" stakes too)
If you're mining an block chain that is shorter than everyone else's (as your blockchain has less than 50% of the mining capabilities of the network) all your work is going to go to waste. Because no one is going to trust your small chain. Size matters folks.
Same with proof of stake. The only way that you'll collect interest on your staked ethereum (which you need about 600-1000 ETH to make a decent amount of interest) is if your staked ether is on the longest ethereum blockchain. The longest chain is where the majority of the staked ETH will be. The longest chain is what people will trust because if that block chain is invalid then ether price would hit the shit, and all staked etherum will be worth nothing (Billions of dollars of staked ether will literally be at stake to goto 0 in value, unless legitimate owners of ether stake their ether in a valid chain), basic game theory. You trust the longest chain of Proof of Stake because billionaires are going to become non-billionaires otherwise.  
I can take over bitcoin if I get 50.1% of the hashing power. I can take over a Proof of Stake coin if I have half the coin staked. Obviously this situation is almost impossible. Getting 50.1% of the hashing power will increase the cost of antminers, furthering your inability to get the 50.1%. Getting half of the ether to stake will literally shoot its price to the moon, making it impossible to get those last couple ETHs for the 50.1% attack. 
edit: 
"PoS cannot work unless it violates the laws of physics: getting security without spending any energy." This is not a law of physics. Im an electrical engineer, I would know. If I have a house on the moon, would anyone break in? Nope, cause no one lives there. I dont have to install locks, or even doors. Your level of security just needs match the risk of attack. Which PoW and PoS does because of game theory economics and time it has had to prove itself.
@_date: 2019-07-14 17:52:18
I'm going to give the benefit of the doubt to the branch manager as they're the ones who get dinged in cases of fraud. 
Society caters to the 1% in every respect. Rich people, and most importantly; Stupid people.
If you were stupid enough to be tricked into giving away your creditcard details (sometimes it's not your fault, ie a website gets compromised), many fraudsters try to purchase bitcoin with it before you realize what happened. 
Since it's a fraudulent charge, many banks provide insurance and refund you. However since it's bitcoin, typically the bank has a no recourse to get back the money they lost.
@_date: 2018-01-14 06:42:14
You clearly dont know what PoW or PoS is. You vote with your resources. Majority wins. 
Read up on 50+1 attack
@_date: 2019-07-14 18:23:52
I'm not a banker, so I'd have no idea. And unless you're a banker, you probably have no clue either. 
If you can find where the money was spent, you can probably find a way to retrieve it.
With bitcoin there's no way to reverse those transactions.
@_date: 2017-12-31 18:31:10
What backs gold? 
Gold backs itself because its rare (not just anyone can get gold, you need to be lucky and mine it) and has uses. 
Bitcoin backs itself because of Proof of Work (meaning not just anyone can make it, you have to be lucky and mine it) and has uses (more uses in the future)
@_date: 2017-12-21 02:05:51
Lots of exchanges lack freedom to place mathematical tread lines on the historigram. 
GDAX allows you to use Exponential Moving average (12, 26 degree), but would be nice to be able to choose what degree of EMA you can use. And have a bunch of these functions layered on. 
The exchange chat is going to be great. Full of salt/heartbreak/euphoria 
@_date: 2017-12-31 19:48:10
The only survivors of the alt-coins is probably going to be ethereum and litecoin. Proof of Work has value. And because of that work, these coins are traded on every exchange. 
Oh and Dogecoin because of the power of memes. 
@_date: 2019-07-14 18:31:14
You seem very assertive for someone who is probably ignorant on how insurance claims in banks work.
1000$ is a weekly paycheck for most, so if it only takes a few days to recover than it's completely worth it.
@_date: 2017-12-20 20:07:52
tfw you can afford to lose a house.
@_date: 2017-12-31 18:26:29
Bitcoin is a commodity not fiat. 
There's four types of currency:
Commodities: Gold, silver, things of limited supply. Bitcoin is a commodity. Note: Worthless resources like dirt are still considered commodities because they still have a limited supply. Theres just a lot of supply. Maybe if humans colonize the solar system, earth soil may be given more value as it becomes more scarce. 
Paper Claims to Commodities (Convertible paper money): A note that declares ownership of a commodity. National currencies used to be backed by gold. Meaning, you could directly exchange your currency for gold. 
Fiat Currency: A worthless centralized currency that is given value via regulations. ie: US currency is given value because all business are required by law to accept it as legal tender. If no one accepted US currency, the USD would be worthless. The value (and hence the money supply) of the USD is controlled by the Federal Reserve. ex: Game tokens. Game tokens are given value as they're the only method of playing arcade games in an establishment. 
Private Debt Money: A loan the borrower promises to repay in currency on demand. Cheques. 
@_date: 2017-12-31 19:07:28
Bitcoin is not fiat because of Proof of Work and decentralization. There's no owners of bitcoin, and the money supply cannot be changed. There's a limited supply, and no one controls the supply. To get bitcoin, you need to do work and get lucky. This is just like gold, silver, etc. Thus its a commodity.
Even if bitcoin was worth 0.0001$/BTC it would still be a commodity. Value doesnt make a commodity. Limited supply/decentralization makes a commodity. Look at gold, what gives gold value? You could say its properties give it value, but not too long ago gold was horded, not for its properties, but for its economic value. What gave gold the economic value? Gold is hard to find. You need to dig, and do work. Its not easy to get gold. And no one controls when gold is found. The difficulty of finding gold increases over time as it becomes more scarce. This is just like bitcoin, with the exception that bitcoin is to be found every 10 minutes. However over time the amount of bitcoin given out is reduced. Eventually in the 2100s no more bitcoin will even be given out. 
@_date: 2017-12-31 19:13:06
It has nothing to do with it because you dont know the difference between a commodity and a fiat currency. 
No such thing a as a decentralized fiat currency. Its just not possible. Because that would mean I could just create fiat currency any time I want to. I could just print off USD bills like they do in the Federal reserve. 
@_date: 2017-12-31 18:12:19
bitcoin is a commodity, like gold. this is because of the limited supply. 
You can have a note that claims a commodity, meaning if everyone traded there notes for the commodity, everyone should be able to get the commodity. ie: a bank holds 100 gold, 99 people own 1 gold, and 1 gold goes to the banker as a fee to hold the commodity.
Fiat currency is a currency without any backing. Essentially the note is worthless as it has no claim to anything. Fiat currency by its nature is centralized, and the central entity controls the money supply or interest rate (ie: the Federal Reserve in the USA, Bank of Canada in Canada etc). What gives national fiat currencies value is the laws of exchange that forces venders to accept the currency. 
People accept currencies like bitcoin without needing regulation. This only happens with commodities. 
@_date: 2017-12-11 19:30:47
What incentive would there be to give out loans if you didnt charge interest? 
Or do they just add the effective interest in the loan itself like what the auto industry does with 0 APR? 
@_date: 2017-12-31 22:14:12
Just because no one wants to use Bitcoin in the future doesnt make it fiat. It could be worth 1c and its still not fiat. 
Besides atm im all in on ETH . Ill buy back btc when they sort out their network issues. Btc still has the potential to stay  
@_date: 2017-12-31 19:00:34
Bitcoin has Proof of Work. Thus its not fiat. 
The owners of a fiat currency (fiat currency must be centralized) can make more of the currency as they wish and control the money supply. Fiat is given value from regulation. USD would be worthless if businesses could refuse it. 
There's no owners of bitcoin, and the money supply cannot be changed. There's a limited supply, and no one controls the supply. To get bitcoin, you need to do work and get lucky. This is just like gold, silver, etc. Thus its a commodity.
@_date: 2017-12-21 07:47:32
Glad to see the shit coin sliding down on other exchanges.
Glad to see ethereum and bitcoin recovering.
@_date: 2017-12-21 08:13:23
Why not hold ethereum? While bitcoin and Bshit fight it out, theres a chance eth might just poke through and steal some marketshare. 
@_date: 2017-12-31 05:23:08
LN channels eventually close and puts the resulting transaction onto the blockchain. 
LN just allows you to delay access to the blockchain, and allows you to make several transactions while the channel is still available. This well be very good for exchange transfers and payments to bigger companies. But they still need to eventually close the channel. 
@_date: 2017-12-31 03:52:57
If you're only implementing 8MB blocks, you're a lazy dev. 
If you're implementing 8MB blocks, and LN; You got a fast/cheap coin.
Reality is that, as Bitcoin scales, those blocks need to increase. LN devs said the blocks would need to be over 100MB to take over Visa/mastercard. 
@_date: 2018-08-30 17:04:57
I would have had to pay more to trade for other alt-coins elsewhere.
Im not that high of a volume trader so the fees to me are peanuts.
@_date: 2018-08-22 16:36:14
I dont think this is a good thing in the short term (short term being &lt; couple months)
Like the alt-coins are just getting fucked. Bitcoin is down too, but because of its marketcap (and bearmarket, everyone moves back to btc) it's moving down slower than the alt-coins.
@_date: 2018-05-21 01:16:35
Not yet. 
@_date: 2018-06-19 05:24:22
I curious why you think bitcoin will maintain its market cap percentage? Its seems like in a crypto bull market, investors diversify to alts. I'd only imagine bitcoin dominance sliding down year after year. Thats with the assumption crypto continues as a long term bull market.
@_date: 2018-06-19 05:20:20
Where's the new money going to come from? And is it going to be based on hype? Hopefully not, there needs to actual utility added on to what we have today.
The current utility of cryptos right now: Anonymous payments, Be your own bank (good for remote areas that dont have banks), money laundering (send a shit ton of money across boarders), and the purchase of illegal goods. probably more I missed.
Whats the future utility? What comes to mind is IOT and machine to machine exchanges of currency. Im doing some research on this kind of stuff, and the usage of a crypto token for IOT would have to be on a very fast DAG. Bitcoin doesnt cut it for IOT. 
I can decentralized websites becoming popular. Concepts like you trade your compute power and network to use the services of the decentralized websites. There could be non discriminatory smart contracts that advertisers could use to fund the website. Lots of possibility here, and where I see the most growth. A decentralized reddit, social network, or video host would be insane. 
Am I missing something here? Whats going to add to the crypto space that'll see even normies purchasing tokens? The big problem we have now is that there is a tech barrier of entry to crypto, people just dont understand it. At least with IOT, the owner of the device never needs to actually know they own crypto.
But I hate be that guy, but Bitcoin just seems to hold first mover and fiat on-ramp price advantages. The coin itself is rather dated tech, and ethereum is a direct substitute. I'd highly doubt this supposed prediction of 20 trillion dollar market cap would flow all into bitcoin. 
@_date: 2018-06-25 16:30:54
This trading fallacy needs to irradicated. 
Think about a car. It's value depreciates over time, but you'll always have that car. Of course the value of the car will depreciate to the point that the utility of the car no longer is fit for function. Sure you still have the car, but you cant drive it anywhere. 
Bitcoin, and other cyptocurrencies need market capitalization to maintain their utility. If no one uses bitcoin, there is no reason it own. If it's supposed to be a "store of value" then its price needs to stabilize. By holding a crypto that is losing marketcap you're at the same time losing what you're able to do with the currency. 
@_date: 2019-12-14 20:59:18
Boomers can only only "cash out" to the next generation. If the next generation can't afford it, the prices must go down. 
...Unless foreign nationals buy up all the property...
@_date: 2019-12-19 23:34:41
What exactly is your "efficiency" metric coming from? What ratio?
Because if you're talking energy in vs energy out a computer is actually more efficient at making heat than a heat pump. If your computer is completely statically cooled then your PC is pretty much 99% efficient at producing heat. 
It's the energy required to power the cooling fans and that reduces that ratio. A heat pump has to move a lot of metal and air which means you're putting a lot of energy into moving mass. If you're using a gas furnace, you also lose a portion of energy to incomplete combustion and radiation.
@_date: 2018-11-22 07:14:15
Bitcoin is rather inefficient and too slow to achieve mass adoption. Lots people are also boycotting bitcoin for the amount of power the miners use. 
The miners are actually such a black mark that they're essentially making bitcoin centralized to the people who can build the fastest mining chips. 
I recall transaction costs reaching about 30$ at the peak. It would take hours/days to send payments. This is just simply unacceptable for the majority of the population.
I love that bitcoin is what got people interested into cryptocurrencies, however I do not think bitcoin shouldn't be the crypto of choice for mass adoption. There's so many better cryptos for this purpose. 
@_date: 2018-07-04 06:04:10
Trying to make bitcoin network seem environmentally friendly or efficient is heavily misleading.
Like look at what you have to compare it to... an actual mining operation. Jesus guys.
@_date: 2018-04-02 05:56:31
That irrational pump from October is gone. This "crash" was weak. 
We need a good 50-70% drop from current values. 
@_date: 2018-04-14 22:02:53
Especially when the recent rise in price didn't seem very organic. Lot of people were margin shorting and had to liquidate. This could have been triggered with some insider information from exchanges. 
Of course this is FUD, but its rational FUD. If there was a body that caused all those shorts to liquidate, we're no doubt going to see lower prices. 
@_date: 2018-12-28 05:22:01
Cryptocurrencies are the primary tool of those that are rejected by those who control society. This includes radicals and criminals. 
The government and the elite shouldn't have complete control of the finances of individuals and cryptocurrencies provides these rejected people with financial freedom. There's no end who can be de-platformed financially, and you don't even have to say anything radical at all. You just have to say something that pisses off the elite. 
