@_author: xrballer
@_date: 2018-08-04 05:50:14
none of that is intrinsic to Bitcoin brainlet.
Throughout the entire history of BTC every single person who has properly managed their private keys has secured their Bitcoin and safely held that value. 
Civil forfeiture can't even work on Bitcoin; that is the point and part of the value proposition. The government can easily freeze your bank accounts or even raid your property to seize physical wealth. They cannot extract a private key from your mind or even from properly encrypted files. 
anyone who who read the original white paper and didn't have the light bulb go on saying "wow this is genius. this should be huge one day if it works as described (it has)." is simply low intelligence
@_date: 2018-08-04 06:05:11
understand the economics behind BTC and realize why this is not a problem
@_date: 2018-03-08 09:12:57
lol wut?
@_date: 2018-03-08 09:12:01


because they have to if they want those things brainlet. that says nothing about the value of said law and your response is irrelevant to the comment before yours.
@_date: 2018-03-08 09:23:36


can you please give a good reason a debtor should ever be entitled to any assets post bankruptcy? 
Why shouldn't the debtor have to pay out whatever minimum liability and in the event appreciation exceeds this amount that excess goes to the owners whose equity created those gains. 
It makes no sense for Mark to profit massively by declaring bankruptcy. This creates a terrible precedent for freerolling a customer when in custody of a highly speculative asset. 
Mark essentially exit scams and has to declare bankruptcy. Instead of having to pay out everything he gets to wait years to see how the remaining assets appreciate. If they don't then oh well; he already exit scammed and made his money. If they do appreciate then he gets to use some small portion to pay his debts and keep the rest for himself. He is exposed to the upside of BTC price movements without ANY of the risk. This cannot be allowed. 
Dumb Jap Law
@_date: 2018-04-27 07:57:02
If things had been reversed and BTC had been the chain to increase block size while BCH capped blocks at 1MB necessitating 2nd layer solutions I truly believe that version of BCH would be outside of the CMC top 100 and BTC would be worth more than it is now.
Do many people actually disagree with this? As the fork BCH had a massively uphill battle from the beginning.
I think a lot of the reason Bitcoin maintains its position is simply the name and associated status combined with newcomer ignorance (and lets face it; the ignorance of most people in general) and people just wanting to keep their investment propped up which is reasonable but may not be optimal in the long run.
Why couldn't Core increase BTC's block size a reasonable amount like 4mb which would still allow simple machines to run nodes? Then we would have never had the massive mempool clogging in NOV/DEC that damaged BTC's reputation and adoption levels. Core would have had plenty of time to implement Lightning correctly and ensure it worked properly and we could have had a smooth transition instead of the shitshow we got (and have ongoing)
@_date: 2018-04-27 07:54:46
"intending on fulling them" 
-The absolute state
@_date: 2018-04-27 15:02:49
Bitcoin has actually had many non-contentious hard forks in its history; for example the 1mb cap being implemented in the first place (it wasn't always there).
@_date: 2018-04-27 07:53:48
If things had been reversed and BTC had been the chain to increase block size while BCH capped blocks at 1MB necessitating 2nd layer solutions I truly believe that version of BCH would be outside of the CMC top 100 and BTC would be worth more than it is now.
Do many people actually disagree with this? As the fork BCH had a massively uphill battle from the beginning.
I think a lot of the reason Bitcoin maintains its position is simply the name and associated status combined with newcomer ignorance (and lets face it; the ignorance of most people in general) and people just wanting to keep their investment propped up which is reasonable but may not be optimal in the long run.
Why couldn't Core increase BTC's block size a reasonable amount like 4mb which would still allow simple machines to run nodes? Then we would have never had the massive mempool clogging in NOV/DEC that damaged BTC's reputation and adoption levels. Core would have had plenty of time to implement Lightning correctly and ensure it worked properly and we could have had a smooth transition instead of the shitshow we got (and have ongoing)