@_author: xrcake
@_date: 2017-12-10 08:29:19
Too bad the CBOE already implemented limitations to the XBT futures contracts specifically to tone down the expected volatility when it launches. Not like this is new though - futures always launch with annoying limitations and trade halts so they won’t disrupt other markets significantly, or in the case of bitcoin, other economies. 
It’s possible we see some big swings that might halt trading because of the limitations and restrictions of the XBT contracts. If insane volatility is the trend all day, you’re going to have trading halts while the contract is freezed so the market makes can smooth things out. We might spend more time in halts then actually trading.
Or, to entertain myself, maybe this is the beginning... the beginning of regulation finding its way into the depths of bitcoin. If you remember, all the big bankers, institutional traders, and professional traders said they were staying far far away from bitcoin and crypto no less than three months ago because it will cause too much disruption in the markets and some CEOs went as far as to say bitcoin and cryptos may lead an economic collapse unless it becomes regulated. 
The government has to know futures traders are trading their bitcoin in one direction and their futures contracts in another direction. And these guys has plenty of money and friends to push things around in their favor. PARTICULARLY bitcoin and crypto since it’s not regulated in such a fashion that pleases the government. This is what I think while be the catalyst to government control putting the brakes on bitcoin and cryptos in general. 
Since there’s a limit to how many bitcoins can be produced each day, all it really takes is someone or a number of people with enough money to buy a huge stake of the supple slowly over a period of time and then they can control supply/demand. Then it’s just s matter of clicking a button to reverse their positions and everything long will be short while the rally crashes down on everyone chasing it and clears them out. Meanwhile, the people from the beginning are now short and profiting from everyone who lost everything during the crash. They win twice.
Then comes the governmental regulatory bodies claiming foul play. Investigation is launched. Maybe bitcoin turns the government itself into a legitimate physical bitcoin. 
@_date: 2017-12-10 08:48:01
Have you read the contract specs? We will be sitting in halts all day if volatility is too violent. CBOE is not going to give this thing complete freedom. That would be insane and irresponsible of them. I think the limitations and restrictions they set are decent enough to still have a volatile trading sessions though. 
You’re definitely right about futures traders moving this market whoever they want. We do this all day everyday minus the actual purchase or sale of the physical goods themselves because that would be, what’s the word, illegal. Bitcoin is a completely different story though and it’s introduction to futures is the beginning of regulators finally taking control. 
How many futures traders do you think have been stocking up on all the bitcoin they want specifically for the day bitcoin futures open? And I bet the irregular trade detecting software will be giving false signals all day even though there’s probably going to obvious manipulation in XBT until it eventually gets shut down from futures traders pounding this thing into submission.