@_author: xrufusx
@_date: 2013-07-14 03:16:49
There's hype because a lot of people have bought some recently, which as you know has affected the price XD
Now as to why people have been buying it... there's your real question imo.  It's always had it's redeeming qualities, and it seems to be "going viral."
@_date: 2013-07-18 05:50:48
DWOLLA reps, you need to read this.
@_date: 2013-07-14 01:12:59
Every bullet point you've made is highly debatable at best.
1st.)  Cryptsy didn't create the altcoins.  In fact, BTC-e created NVC, and at MCXnow, RealSolid birthed SolidCoin.  Care to talk smack on all the exchanges?
2nd.)  The hype comes from individuals hoping to dump.  It happens on every exchange, and only recently have several exchanges offered a trollbox, so now you have cross-talk.  You'll have to prove the Cryptsy devs put together a trollbox hype campaign.  If you've chatted with BigVern, you'll discount this as any kind of probability.
3rd.)  "People will try" is the opening phrase to your 3rd bullet point.  Too easy, moving on.
4th.)  Cryptsy makes a commission on buys and sells.  It doesn't hoard and own it's users' coins.  It makes money when lots of people exchange coins.  Cryptsy is an exchange ffs, not a bank.  Same as all the popular exchanges.
After your barrage of moot points, I'm left curious why you bothered to type out a smear against Cryptsy.  3 of your 4 bullet points you made suggest you don't know how coins are generated and how exchanges make money.  It's going to be hard to be a smart trader without that info.
@_date: 2013-07-14 03:03:07
It doesn't exactly innovate anything imo, however, it competes to fill a niche as a smaller denomination of BTC.  It does so pretty well too, as it's among the fastest of coins (transfers between wallets many times faster than BTC, significantly faster than 2nd gen coins (LTC, FTC etc) and is marginally faster than most 3rd gen alt coins (WDC, PXC etc).  It has a name that has "board potential" like BitCoin, as opposed to gimmicky names like stablecoin, fastcoin, chinacoin, phenixcoin, etc.
These features has people (imo) speculating on its viability for public appeal and vendors' adoption.  Also, the mechanics of the coin (cap, block rewards, confirmations, etc) seem to be working well together.  I don't know enough about cryptocoin mechanics to explain why that is, however.
@_date: 2013-07-14 00:51:08
I've made some money on Cryptsy, mostly because there are so many alt coins, I can usually find at least one trading pair that is behaving in a way that I'm comfortable trading in a given moment.
Cryptsy is a great opportunity for smart traders.  If you're horrible at trading, wait until Cryptsy supports USD.  Even horrible traders can make money.