@_author: xssc
@_date: 2017-12-09 22:00:59
Blockchain does exist without Bitcoin, Bitcoin is built on top if a block chain, lots of things can be built on blockchains without any relationship with bitcoin, or any currency for that matter
@_date: 2017-08-02 17:10:18
Yup, so the addresses are generated the same. A private key on one has access to the same address on the other. However since these blockchains are now separate, sending bcash from X address will not effect the bitcoin on address X on the Bitcoin blockchain. This means that even tho the addresses are the same, the blocks and transactions which transfer the coins only happen on the chain you send them on. So moving coins from address X to address Y on the bcash chain will NOT move the coins in address X on the bitcoin chain, because the transaction never happened on the bitcoin chain.
@_date: 2017-08-02 16:30:52
I'm seeing this question a lot, here is my best explanation:
When you created a wallet, you got an address where your coins are stored, and a private key that allows you to access these coins. These were generated by the Bitcoin client, and all tracking of these coins happen on Bitcoins blockchain. What happens when Bitcoin is forked, is that the blockchain is essentially duplicated, and then the two forks go their separate ways. So Bcash has all the same blockchain history of bitcoin, up until the fork, but now they operate 100% independently. But since the history is all the same, the private key you own on the bitcoin blockchain works on the bcash blockchain, and all your coins are there because they are stored in that blockchain history. Using these coins does not effect your bitcoin because the chains are now separate, what happens on one now does not effect the other. The transactions go thru blocks on their chain only. Hope this helps.
@_date: 2017-08-02 16:36:58
I'm seeing the question of how it is possible to get "free bcash" and how it doesn't effect your bitcoin holdings.  here is my best explanation:
When you created a wallet, you got an address where your coins are stored, and a private key that allows you to access these coins. These were generated by the Bitcoin client, and all tracking of these coins happen on Bitcoins blockchain. What happens when Bitcoin is forked, is that the blockchain is essentially duplicated, and then the two forks go their separate ways. So Bcash has all the same blockchain history of bitcoin, up until the fork, but now they operate 100% independently. But since the history is all the same, the private key you own on the bitcoin blockchain works on the bcash blockchain, and all your coins are there because they are stored in that blockchain history. Using these coins does not effect your bitcoin because the chains are now separate, what happens on one now does not effect the other. The transactions go thru blocks on their chain only. The addresses are generated the same way, so a private key will access the same address on both chains. 