@_author: xstampede
@_date: 2014-02-07 08:03:37
Guys, you are overfantasizing, MtGox is still the safest online exchange to have your money on, you will not lose bitcoins, it is just a minor technical issue, it happened before and no one lost a dollar, they are trustworthy, have patience and don't panic like little girls.
@_date: 2014-02-07 07:23:04
You are crashing the Bitcoin price for no reason, it is a minor technical issues that happen when huge ammount of new costumers join.
MtGox have good backup system, no database can be lost because it is immediatly backed up, so your money is safe on MtGox and you can use MtGox as wallet.
The slowness of transactions is not primarly MtGox fault but of government regulations and slow banks and low efficiency in international dollar transfers due to government regulations.
You panic like little girls for a think that happened so many times in the past and at the end of these kind of problems, noone lost bitcoins or dollars so have faith and patience, bitcoin is growing and this is part of the process.
@_date: 2014-02-07 07:11:36
Mtgox is fine, they are not stealing your money, just minor technical issue, it happened before and it is happening on all exchanges i have been(Cryprsty, Bitstamp,...) once in  a while.
Don't panic and don't crush the price for now reason at all, if MtGox had intention to run with your money they would have done it long ago, but it is in their best interest to maintain the exchange alive and earn a lot of money from fee's.
@_date: 2014-02-07 07:52:23
This same problem happens on all exchanges once in a while, the newbies panic while the experienced players know it's gonna be fixed and no one gonna lose bitcoins or dollars, remember that until now no lost a bitcoins on MtGox, they have top notch backup systems so don't panic like 6 years old girls and man up. Wait few days and then start trading on Mtgox as ussual.
@_date: 2013-12-07 20:19:08
Im having same problems + deposites doesn't show up on Cryptsy... They fixed deposit problems in the past so if the fix it i'm staying with Cryptsy.
I believe Cryptsy would be a great exchange if they didn't had that many problems with balance / orders and deposits.