@_author: xtthrowawayyoho
@_date: 2015-08-24 06:22:34
Right now, with stocks around the world declining rapidly, people tend to want cash in the short term (for example, to unleverage themselves in other markets). That means selling assets like bitcoin and, yes, even gold. The same thing happened at the beginning of the GFC. Gold went down.
Later, if the current trend continues and our politicians don't manage to extend and pretend through the short term aspects of the crisis, it wouldn't be surprising if gold (and maybe bitcoin, but it hasn't established historical credibility in that area yet) increased in value, after initially dipping.
I understand that you're upset about XT. Just remember that correlation doesn't imply causation. Also, your argument could be made in reverse (small block debt ceilingesque grandstanding causes price decline) and it would be no more or less valid (i.e. that's not a convincing argument either).
We don't know for sure what causes any particular market movement and it's likely that there are bigger forces at play here. So relax :)
@_date: 2015-08-24 06:56:49


The point is, why even bring an emotionally charged topic like XT into an tangentially related discussion?
Some people read arguments and evaluate them on their merits, instead of choosing a team, twisting everything to be related to the supremacy of said team, and cheering for them religiously until the bitter end.
This is becoming like the ridiculous red team vs blue team politics that we see around the world, where people support the drivel uttered by their beloved captain of Team Winner (TM), even when the captain contradicts something else he said just last week... That requires a special kind of doublethink.
I guess it was to be expected, but it's still sad.
EDIT: "unrelated discussion" changed to "tangentially related discussion", because I know someone is going to nitpick on those two words otherwise, as a way to ignore the broader point. Jesus you used to be cool... :(