@_author: xubax
@_date: 2018-08-28 12:01:42
There's a reason the fed aims for 1-2% inflation.  It's a safety margin against the real bad guy-- deflation.   
If we experience deflation, a lot of bad things happen.   
1. My money is growing in value, I'll save it!  Doesn't appear to be bad, but...
2. Hey, if I wait a few more months, or years, that thing I want to buy (car, boat, refrigerator, house, computer, TV, etc.) will be be cheaper, so I'll wait.   Doesn't appear to be bad except...
3. Uh oh, sales of capital products plummet because only people who absolutely need to buy are buying these expensive things.   
4. Uh oh, I need to lay people off because I've got warehouses of stuff that isn't moving.   Also, I better drop the price! 
5.  Prices are dropping, my money is even more valuable, if I wait just a little bit longer... or I'm out of work, better not spend too much.
6.  Governments relying on sales taxes are feeling the pinch now.   Unemployment and welfare getting hit hard. 
7.  Now you've got a lot of people who are hungry, on unemployment or welfare, and production of new goods has all but stopped.   
This is why money is designed to lose value.   Otherwise people hoard it and the economy crumbles. 
@_date: 2018-08-28 17:57:46
I guess my answer was too subtle.   I said they'll hold off on that thing they **want** to buy.   
Although I also mentioned that only people  who absolutely needed a big thing will buy it.   
So sure, I absolutely agree that people will continue to buy food, pay rent, utilities, etc.  But most economic indicators are based on housing starts, durable goods purchases, etc., sales of which I believe you agree would suffer under deflation.
@_date: 2018-03-13 14:32:14
Their debt was for costs already incurred, and not for improvements.  
This is why the Marshall Plan kept Europe from repeating what happened post WW1.  It also put European manufacturing ahead of US manufacturing.  The US had the same old manufacturing plants where Europe got brand new plants.  Kill them with kindness.  :)
@_date: 2018-11-20 18:13:13
People invest in hard currencies, why not bitcoin?  
Are you familiar with arbitrage? It's when a currency's value gets out of sync,  usually for a very short period of time.   
E.g.  let's say in London the euro equals $1.2.  And in new York York euro equals $1.19.  I can "buy" euros in new York York sell them in London and make a profit.    
Happens all the time.   Banks and other financial institutions often have departments dedicated to this.   
@_date: 2018-03-13 20:07:18
I know you were talking about post WWI.  I even said so.  Post WWI, the Germans were forced to pay reparations.  They didn't get anything for that.  It was paying back the damages they did.  Nothing went to infrastructure, etc.  It enabled the rise of the Nazi party. 
Post WWII, instead of demanding reparations, we loaned a buttload of money through the Marshall Plan to rebuild the damaged countries, including Germany.  So they incurred debt, but the debt went to improving their infrastructure, instead of just paying a penalty.  This allowed for a strong economy and prevented a repeat of the post WWI rise of the Nazi party.  
So when I said, 
"Their debt was for costs already incurred, and not for improvements." 
I meant that their (the Germans') debt post WWI was to pay reparations to other countries and not to invest in their own country.  That kind of debt is bad.  
And then, when I said:
"This is why the Marshall Plan kept Europe from repeating what happened post WW1."  
I meant that loaning money to the various European governments--including Germany--allowed them to rebuild (and improve) their infrastructures, setting the stage for a strong economy, and preventing a repeat of what happened post WWI with a weak economy, massive inflation, and a crucible to create something like the rise of the Nazi party.  
Edit: I was agreeing with you, just expanding the explanation.