@_author: xujhan
@_date: 2017-12-03 22:12:00


Up until a few people sell, which makes some investors nervous so they sell...
Most people investing in Bitcoin are investing because they think it will make money, not because they think it's a viable long-term currency. When that bubble pops there's really no telling where Bitcoin's value will end up.
For what it's worth, I'm a cryptographer and my research group spent the last few months looking into Bitcoin. To my knowledge, none of us have bought a cent. The average person may not have a clue what Bitcoin is good at, but the average poster here also seems to be very ignorant of what Bitcoin is bad at.
@_date: 2017-12-04 00:08:35
Academically, it is a game-changer. Blockchain technology is very interesting, and has some potentially very cool applications. But Bitcoin itself is a victim of its own success; it will make some people very rich and some other people very poor, but it won't be replacing the USD or obsoleting banking as we know it.
Also, I can't help but feel that the "It takes more than that!" line is something an anime character would say moments before getting blasted into the stratosphere.
@_date: 2017-12-04 00:01:02
A number of things, but the most damning one is that it simply isn't a good currency. The most important quality for a currency is stability; without that, people will either hoard it or ditch it and use something else to make their purchases. The value of a currency is supported by the confidence of the people who use it; in the case of the USD, that's primarily confidence in the stability of the US economy. In the case of Bitcoin, there's no real grounding. For a few die-hard libertarians it might be enough to believe in the infallibility of the free market, but for the average person there's no good reason to think that a Bitcoin will be worth tomorrow what it is worth today. 
Decentralization is marketed as a feature (which it is, if you're paranoid about government conspiracy) but it also means there's no one to step on the brakes if the train goes off the rails. For investors looking to make money that might be an acceptable risk, but I don't know many people who'd be willing to gamble their children's future on it.
Beyond that there are a host of technical issues (payment delay, bottlenecks, forks, energy waste, fees, diminishing supply, wallet vulnerability, etc). Whether these are serious concerns is up for debate, but even if all of them were somehow resolved it wouldn't remove the underlying issue.
@_date: 2017-12-04 01:59:48
By that logic there would be no such thing as a stock market bubble, yet clearly they do exist. I don't claim that this particular article will be what pops the bubble, but given Bitcoin's history it seems very likely that something will sooner or later. That may make it a good financial investment, depending on what your risk tolerance is, but it makes for an awful currency.
@_date: 2017-12-03 22:14:57
I'm currently writing my thesis on post-quantum cryptography, and my research group spent the last few months looking into Bitcoin. The general consensus was that you'd have to hold us at gunpoint to get us to invest in Bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-12-04 00:02:41
The clarify; the issues facing Bitcoin aren't related to quantum computing. 
@_date: 2017-12-04 01:39:15
Out of curiosity; is the entire subreddit full of masturbatory condescension, or did I just draw the short straw today?
In any event, of course you need a decentralized node structure with mining incentives. That's fundamentally what blockchain technology is. But there's no heavenly decree that says you have to use that foundation to implement a digital currency, and especially not Bitcoin in particular. 
@_date: 2017-08-06 03:03:06
This isn't quite correct. Shor's algorithm - the quantum algorithm that "breaks" modern encryption - allows you to efficiently solve the hidden subgroup problem. Both RSA and DH are built on variants of that problem (integer factoring and discrete logarithms respectively) but finding hash collisions is a completely unrelated problem. 
There is Grover's algorithm, which gives a square root speedup in searching algorithms (such as finding hash collisions) but this is *far* less damaging; most modern hashing functions would either remain secure under a square root speedup or could be made secure with only minor tweaks. It is of course possible that someone will come up with a new quantum algorithm that breaks hashing, but there doesn't seem to be any reason to think that this is likely.
@_date: 2017-11-16 08:59:04
Nothing but hopes and dreams.
@_date: 2017-11-16 09:10:12
It would at worst be a minor inconvenience for fiat currencies. Windows XP is more than capable of running any of the proposed quantum-secure cryptographic protocols.