@_author: xwolfi
@_date: 2018-09-10 11:50:42
Dont forget they also lend money to the instrument maker, which are often tied to pension funds needing the cash. I dunno for BTC but shorting is as necessary as going long or you’d only get long bubbles and crashes. 
It’s usually regulated to avoid strong panic selling, where no-risk shorts could be made en masse, but the same goes for panic buying and it’s heavily discussed in finance if those regulations are truly useful.
Look at how stable bitcoin became since the futures, I’m sure it helped to be able to price negativity in this signal trading market.
Now if we could lower to a few dollards the price of btc we’d have something we can actually pay salary and consume with, rather than an electronic make-rick quick tulip :p
Source: work in a bank on a short selling flagging system. 
@_date: 2018-09-10 17:00:14
Yes and it’s a good thing. The faster the price “crashes” (actually is less overestimated) the better it becomes a rational purchase and you want rational to stop being rich on paper and start trading crypto for its advantages over fiat.
The only people who make money during volatility are the fee makers. I have many friends working in btc exchanges, they love the ups and downs and would never oh never get paid in btc :D
If you spread the usage of btc, reduce volatility and start providing service to users rather than just stash the tokens, you may be able to make a living out of it, by creating exchanges and contract services. 
So: you need derivatives to future price btc, hedge against its risk, speculate on its downfall and bet on its rise. Short selling is a blessing.
@_date: 2015-01-28 02:08:31
No you both are bad explainers. Joffrey you are completely wrong. He's not only talking about the nominal value of one btc, he's saying that if you want to transfer 100 USD you'll have to pay 110 USD making it less worth than a basic western union. Because the people possessing bitcoins wont give them for free, they will charge you, supplementary to the nominal value, a fee to get these. They are not stupid. Let's say a btc is 100 USD, you want to transfer 1 BTC but dont have any, you will buy that 1 BTC by giving 110 USD to a cheap holder competing with others to sell you. He's the cheapest. Other can wait and say that if you really want that one btc you should rather give 120. That's how you dont understand how the economy works. If yoh hold something people want, you take fees. Think about gold sellers. If they only sold to the market value price, they wouldnt make any profit. They sell you 100 USD worth of gold at 102 USD cause thry have to pay for electricity, food etc that they used to store that gold they sell you. BTC are the same.
@_date: 2019-03-18 00:31:27
Well I do agree with your point but being banned from the internet kinda gets you screwed anyway nowadays. My company won’t pay my salary in cash easily.
I think the real idiocy is to create governments you don’t trust and do nothing once they re in place. Bitcoin solves the symptoms, maybe, but doesn’t treat the cause: apathy in democracy and submission in dictatorship.
@_date: 2019-03-18 00:27:21
I shouldn’t have written off my astronaut career when I got glasses at 10 :(
@_date: 2019-03-21 14:22:24
I don’t disagree bitcoin might has value as a trade facilitator, but it’s way too expensive a system. Imagine a world where bitcoin is used everywhere for everything. 
The first bunch of young distuptors come with an ultra cheap trust based centralized trading system, say like VISA is now, and they blow away the whole bitcoin network, no need for permanent mining, competition on fees to get your transaction in the ledger, lack of liquidity due to the speculation on rarity.
You say the tulip mania was overblown, but the point is not to discuss the strength of it, just the behaviour that is similar: people jump on something they don’t care about because they believe others care enough to pay a premium for the sake of having it from them. This makes no sense, this is overpriced compared to what it provides vs the competition. 
Flip homes if you believe being an intermediary provides value, at least when the bubble crash you have an asset worth maybe something.
The dotcom bubble is similar yes: people overestimated what the internet would be. Now it’s just an interactive on demand television, where most of the traffic is split between bittorrent pirates, netflix/youtube-like movie streaming and news feeds/social media. The only business model working on the internet is having tv ads reformatted for it, or premium cable-like access. Just like bitcoin, nobody uses it for its true potential, but just for what they actually need or desire: for bitcoin it would be fast transaction cheaper than VISA, not decentralized anti government savings account.
@_date: 2019-03-28 14:50:56
But how do you create leveraged debt ? We’re absolutely not ready to go back to the slow time of waiting 3 generations to build a bridge while we know the profit generated by the leveraged debt will repay it much faster than that.
It is idiotic to think that we must have a 1:1 debt to asset ratio if we know we don’t have a 1:1 cost to value ratio.
If you build a value generating business it would be absolutely crazy not to take a leveraged risk on it.
Take the exemple of say a taxi disrupting company like Uber. They create a business to solve the scheduling, booking and employment cost of taxis, and seem ready to take over huge market shares. Any sane bank, investor or partner of the venture is ready to sell their future grandchildren for a piece of it, because they know (or believe so strongly they can put their own business at risk) that in a lot less time the value generated will compensate. This is the ONLY way to finance disruption and innovation on a large scale.
@_date: 2019-02-04 08:35:15
Well I say at best because I quite like SEPA, Swift or VISA, all those tech do work today, cost a fraction of the energy bitcoin requires for a fee that we can afford still. SEPA blew my mind (free transfer inside the EU, single account for salary in multiple countries) more than bitcoin. 
The only value of bitcoin is that I can be part of the infrastructure, and therefore control it a bit more. Change nothing to the fees that still need to be there to maintain the infra, and the control is not legally binding, a country can render illegal the use of it, even if enforcement is difficult)
@_date: 2019-02-24 11:25:51
Why? How ? Isn’t it a just a transfer token, a database line id number in a distributed ledger ?
The value is your work, the transformation of nature, what people want from you. Not the technical token use to represent it...
@_date: 2019-02-25 08:20:02
You mean, it’s not something you convince your friends to buy to get more value yourself and the only way they get something out of it themselves is not to convince other friends of them ?
The first buyers, the ones with the largest network of influence are the ones who made the most, and the latest the least...
What’s different from a pyramid investment ? The fact there’s no direct transaction between generations of the pyramid ?
@_date: 2019-02-05 06:44:03
Maybe by making bitcoin work ? Gogogo cheap liquid token so we can do useful stuff beyond just incrementing a counter.
@_date: 2017-11-21 05:36:08
No reason
@_date: 2017-11-18 15:52:03
Now imagine you re the victim of the war and the other country managed to convince the citizens to fight for something else than money.
@_date: 2019-02-24 11:20:56
But, VISA also solve this problem and the infra is way cheaper than the worldwide blockchain mining infra required for millions of 10USD transactions per seconds.
@_date: 2019-02-04 00:40:09
No, a good store of value is a value producing asset. The best ones are nature transforming assets, energy producing assets, knowledge producing assets and product producing assets.
Here are a few good stores of value:
- A grapewine field
- A well located farm
- A dam (or shares in its exploitation)
- A university
- An R&amp;D company 
- A telecom company
- A space exploration company
- A government bond
- A lending company 
A bitcoin produces nothing, is worth only what some people speculate it could be worth later if more people cared, is too scarce to ever reach the point speculated.
Stop saying it’s a store of value, it’s at best an interesting decentralized money transfer technology, the value will be in companies exploiting it, not the messages exchanged between them.
@_date: 2019-02-24 12:23:06
Are you it’s not makings tons of people thinking they can get rich quick with an elaborate currency ? Wouldn’t it be weird to start buying euros in the US thinking they’ll reach hundreds of thousands in value “because europe is a great idea” :D
@_date: 2019-02-26 00:37:40
Reasonable, but you forget the value producing aspect of land and equity (real estate has none and behave as bubbles somewhat, however living near a value producing asset has some intrinsic value too). When you buy a piece of asset usually you expect it to produce something, products, food, information, taxes etc. 
Bitcoin behaves like a currency, it’s a representation of value, not a value producing asset. As such, it’s value should be calculated, imho, on its performance as a medium: is it fast, is it liquid, is it cheap to make, is it replaceable over time, is it secure and hard to steal, is it backed by an entity you trust.
Just like the USD isn’t an interesting asset in itself (what most people do is lend it, that’s creating a value producing tension), it is madness to spend so much effort on bitcoin. It’s not centralised so it costs a ton to produce and maintain, it’s secure but it’s absolutely not liquid right now so nobody wants to use it for wages or spending. The nice thing is you don’t have to trust its emitting entities, but is tht truly a problem today in the world ? We’re not in 1800 england where government had no clue what to do with paper money.
Imagine in 200 years, and somehow bitcoin is everywhere. The first guy who creates an efficient somewhat secured centralised means of payment will crush bitcoin in terms of cost efficiency.
I just don’t see it providing anything we need right now, and I’m not alone: usage is very low.
Also I know it’s easy and a bit trollish to call it a pyramid scheme, but I know so many people who bought into it because of friends and FOMO, and none because they need protection against central banking / central transaction system deficiencies for their transactions beyond criminals that you can’t shake the feeling there’s more to do with tulip mania than with paper money efficiency vs gold.
@_date: 2017-11-18 15:50:53
It's more like being born rich or winning a lottery, with a bit more insight at the beginning. It's cool it happened to random people who didn't work or study for it, and if it can make one more family happier and better educated we all benefit from it.
But the money's not there, there's nothing more in bitcoin than capital transfer from a lot of people to this guy. It's not work, transformation of nature or discovery, it's transfer of capital.
In a future world where bitcoin is massively adopted, the bank will hold massive amount of bitcoins, lend it to businesses with interest and those businesses will pay people to transform nature in exchange for the clients' bitcoin. Nothing will change except countries won't be able to lend to themselves. 
@_date: 2019-02-25 16:36:57
Well I’d tell you with all that electricity they’re wasting on counter validating each other they could power quite a lot of more useful things, like heh, climate simulation or space light analysis to find another planet.
If that US senator (I’m in China, from Europe so very far from those things) think spouting every last innovation to grab as many votes as she can is gonna help in the long term, she should be careful she’ll spend her life recanting her past blunders :D
I’m not a tree hugger, I just think money can’t grow on trees. You don’t “invest” in a commodity, it’s nonsense. You invest in equity, in nature transforming work (information transforming too) or you’re an animal who just consume it and die. There’s no magic, we aren’t made to sit on our asses jumping on get rich quick schemes :D
What might make you think I’m a communist is that I said government can be trusted to provide value to currencies and that wages are the source of income for most bitcoin users, but if you can’t build a government you trust, what use are you? Sell your tokens and go out there and change things, make the community useful instead of trying to get your cake without providing value. 
@_date: 2019-02-25 03:59:59
Well I sometimes hear stuff like “the distributed database will change the way money work” with bitcoin, as if the problem with money was government support of it ...
It feels more like the problem with money is some people feel it’s not fairly distributed, with people providing work getting less than people providing no value. And that doesn’t seem to change with bitcoin at all: tax cheaters still won’t contribute, criminal still will get undeserved income, real estate inflation still provide past generations a riskless advantage, equity holder still own more than their risk and effort might justify.
I’m all for a decentralised transaction store, but money still comes from taxes, wages and equity, or in this case inflated speculative bubble. Nothing changed.
@_date: 2019-04-03 00:07:06
Power ? Did you mean utility ?
What is the power of a financial asset? It has to give you something more than another asset if you want it to have more value, but power is an idiocy.
Stop talking in vague cultist term and ask for vague medicine chekup: tell us what you use bitcoin for and why we should get on the bubble.
@_date: 2019-04-03 00:02:31
No it’s because they don’t want the small people falling in the trap again.
It’s more a memory cycle where the rise is explained by nothing but the fading of the last bubble’s collapse memory.
Bitcoin will have value when it can compete with alternatives already on the market. Like VISA, your bank or cash.
@_date: 2019-04-03 00:08:54
Or... they’ll laugh at how stupid people could be to think an illiquid hard asset could become a “currency” then a “store of value” then “a revolutionary tech useful anyway for database implementation” then “ok a fad” :D
@_date: 2019-04-04 13:29:58
On my wallet, just there daddy
@_date: 2018-11-27 16:54:21
That’s actually a surprise ! I’m very far from new york and we’still very cash oriented in Hong Kong, but interesting it’s going faster elsewhere.
Now I hope they auto convert to a real currency and change the price everyday because with the Venezuela style inflation of bitcoin, they must struggle. 
@_date: 2018-11-27 14:43:43
Why would your money deserve to grow, you re not even investing it in a company trying to do something, anything.
You’re just hoping more fools move to it before you can sell.
@_date: 2018-11-28 00:38:33
That’s a nice initiative but they’ll insta convert to USD I believe and also change the price everyday due to volatility against the USD. It’s like paying taxes with diamonds or gold bars, not exactly a proof of liquidity, stability and trust that fiat currencies currently have.
@_date: 2018-11-27 16:26:55
Well they can devaluate as many time as they want, sure. But it stops mattering after a few times. There are two effects of devaluation: the state gets more money to use internally (state worker salaries, debt whatever) and people lose their purchasing power (salary and savings are worth nothing). 
If you dump a currency by what Satoshi can dump bitcoin with, once, I don’t see what you’d achieve doing it a second time. People are already screwed and the debt / state costs are already meaningless. Nobody will lend you and the state workers dont work anymore for your chump change.
You might even think progressive slow devaluations are bad but they are followed later by progressive re evaluation when the market becomes more interesting for the central bank. Basically they look for stability with an healthy inflation (of salary, so devaluation of currency) to follow the rate of progress / demand / efficiency increase. It’s also a good incentive, when done reasonably, to push people to spend rather than stash. 
Think about it that way: 100 years ago, with 20 USD you could rent a horse for a month (random). Now you can rent an internet connection for a month. Did the USD increase or decrease in value ? I’d say it terribly increased in value. Even with stone real estate, you don’t get the same cold non electrified expensive to maintain house, even if the dollard value looks like it exploded under inflation.
Who’d want a nation of clingy hodler right ? Who’d want money earned once to be forever credited as much as it was. And also, why lend if you can just keep with no risk. Society needs money to lose value over time to just move and not get rotten under an oligarchy of stashers.
@_date: 2018-03-18 17:04:28
You mixed usefulness with value. The market cap is the multiplication of the number of coin by the amount of money people are ready to buy/sell the next coin at that point in time: it can be high if offer decreases faster than demand rises (classic HODL pattern), with literally no one using it for anything else than speculative pump (get rich quick / fear of missing out).
This makes Bitcoin entirely useless, as it cannot be used rationally (why sell and use day to day instead of hodling if price constantly rises), while overpriced. And once the overpricing gets noticed by the market, the dump cannot be stopped by a day to day usage that never materialised. The actual value the dumpers will be able to materialise has no lower boundary: if the market cap is 1 trillion day 1 of the dump and nobody wants to buy bitcoin anymore, the market cap can be 1 USD on day 2 for the same number of coins to sell. Bitcoin is NOT a store of value, like a well located and accurately priced farmland would be (price based on yearly crop yield).
In a word, if bitcoin must survive, the community has to shift from the hodling mindset to intrinsic value building, like start paying salaries, create loan companies with interests, make corporate deals with bitcoins, to give bitcoin the same usefulness as a government overseen currency (with a value lower than land value or corporate voting power / stocks / equity or debt repayment promises / bonds)
TLDR; future resell value != market cap != usefulness
@_date: 2018-11-27 14:52:40
The 1M BTC whale is still sleeping, but for bitcoin to make any sense as a safe investment, he must be found.
How can you spend a penny on something completey ceiled by one potential mega seller.
It would be exactly like investing in a currency whose central bank can devaluate anytime and you cant even vote for the people controlling it.
@_date: 2018-11-28 00:36:27
Same, just meant your investment, and by deserve I mean “should”. There s no reason your money should grow if it’s not used to grow anything. Simple as that.
@_date: 2018-02-06 16:05:11
Huh, blockchain is like a very inefficient trust network that you can replace by simple regulation or cheap centralisation.
Not convinced it ll change the world to throw electricity away at validating contracts you could just trust a bank with.
@_date: 2018-11-27 15:00:02
Yeah, I can buy a car with a handful of diamonds, doesn’t make diamonds a currency, or better than a fiat currency.
When you buy your lunch with it everyday, it’s better.
I’ll give you it’s better than diamonds if you want :p
@_date: 2019-01-24 01:14:27
Because banks are safer than carrying a bag of cash across countries and finding a shady market to sell the cash for the other currency at bank interchange rate ?
Swift isn’t a charity, people have to actually work everyday to make it work, a lot like bitcoin. So you’ll always have fees. Now if they are higher than they could be might be because of the monopoly Swift has. The solution is not bitcoin but another wire protocol. If you feel there s a market for lower fee, by all means make it work and do a company ard it.
@_date: 2018-11-28 02:39:36
In France we vote for the president and the assembly who appoint a delegate to the european council who then vote for the head of the european central bank.
Yes it’s indirect, but if we have enough people voting against a particular monetary policy the head of the central bank will shift toward the majority’s opinion.
Did you think they just came and decided everything on their own with no popular oversight at all?
@_date: 2018-11-27 14:41:47
Another one trying to sell his bitcoin ...
@_date: 2018-11-27 14:32:23
I can’t even buy a sandwich with it, let alone pay my taxes. And it’s relying on chinese people mining something to get my transaction through, wtf.
It’ll be better when it will be, right now it’s just a useless gimmick used to make you take the wrong side of a bet.
@_date: 2018-11-27 14:39:20
Good, it’s a speculative jungle not a long term investment in fertile land.
@_date: 2018-02-05 00:01:24
None of these is sound investment: real estate, metal, gold, bitcoin.
They don't produce intrinsic value and you're just speculating that without any effort from anyone, the asset will expand value, by virtue of being rarer, people thinking that it raised in value, or another asset being under panic sell.
Investing in debt (bonds) or working capital (stocks) is more interesting: there's a transforming effort done by the asset to raise its own value, independently of offer and demand (or shall we say: transforming work success or failure drives offer and demand in a stock or a debt). Yes a stock can drop in value, but most of the drop underlyings are related to the asset work rather than external factors.
@_date: 2018-11-28 00:41:27
But that transfer is what keep you on your toes abd pushes you to buy a house, a pension fund, lend to others via bank deposits etc. Certainly the value of your currency should no grow or you’d just do nothing and wait.
Which is also why money value can’t grow, as soon as people stash too much the economy slows and the victims vote (or pressure in dictatorships) for devaluation somehow (social programs, tax increases, state intervention, etc)
@_date: 2019-05-31 15:38:01
What’s great is since bitcoin can only go up, there’s no FOMO, you can buy any time in the next 10 years and make free money. /s
@_date: 2018-12-13 23:41:24
You mean when we see you YOLO all in in a crypto currency because you want to get rid of central banks, we tell you: dude, buy 500 USD not 20000, we are “backward thinking”?
Your friends and family are genuinely concerned and trying to protect you, they’re not country side idiots resisting the internet, they’re just telling you free money doesn’t exist.
@_date: 2018-12-08 15:36:07
You forget it’s 3% unleveraged. Short term stock “investors” whining for 3% are balls deep in derivatives.
Bitcoins and derivative are just like horse races betting for small cap individuals, doesn’t make sense.
@_date: 2018-12-13 23:38:52
I could say the same of high school or working in a bank...
@_date: 2018-12-08 15:37:41
You lost 500$ but got a lesson for life ! Never buy because of FOMO and never speculate on valueless investments !
@_date: 2018-12-13 23:45:33
BTC is valued exactly where it should: where demand meets offer.
What does he mean exactly? He wants the demand to increase suddenly with no supply change to reach 14k? Or he wants the supply to drop really hard with a constant demande ?
The guy’s cleary trying to influence vulnerable “investors”.
@_date: 2018-12-15 04:24:43
Good lord, what a waste of productive money
@_date: 2018-12-14 00:01:35
I think it’s like being millionaire in a video game. You didn’t work for it, nobody gave you the money for something you produced or can repeat, nobody truly believe you’re rich since all the value’s gone today.
I mean in a world where fools give each other all their savings for greed and the wild speculation that the world currencies will be replaced by what they’ve read on the internet, everyone and their gramdmother can become a “millionaire” :D
Everyone who became a bitcoin millionaire was a solo trader who didn’t do it for any other purpose than pure greed. That makes no sense that the dream is to kill the banks to replace them with something a little bit worst. Instead of a regulated forest we’ll get a “fend for yourself” trading environment, where everyone is a rogue trader, publishing fake news, scamming, pushing others in counterparty deals. 
@_date: 2018-12-27 16:41:07
The bank can just lend bitcoins then... this makes no sense at all. The “problem” with banks is they store the capital (and they barely hold any cash, more like real estate assets and corporate equity) so they can transform this capital into any currency for lending, bitcoin included.
They can then charge you an enforceable interest rate and rape your ass again. A bank doesn’t create money, it lends it.
Imagine central banks can’t print bitcoin. They’ll raise taxes to get them, then lend them to the government for an adjustable interest rate. Want more inflation, lower interest. Want less inflation, raise interests.
If you refuse to pay said taxes, other will and provide the funds to find you, fine you and make sure you pay them or are unable to pay anything (jail).
You can’t win against an elected government, nor a capital centralizing bank, nor a central bank. The only thing you do with bitcoin is hoping someone later will trade more asset than what you paid for it. For now you use the USD to compare your gain, tmr it can be anything really. You’re not winning, you’re speculating.
@_date: 2013-10-03 23:07:55
You do realize that the government is you and that you can participate by voting or being elected and then propose new ideas to the people and implement them if they mostly agree, right !?
The govs weren't built in one day, it took ages for them to mature, transform and allow anyone to enter ! 
You are by no way caged by the gov but by your wife, kids, neighbors, parents, friends, bosses and coworkers :D They don't want you to fucking sell drugs to the kids, so please don't fucking sell drugs to the kids or try to convince them they should vote for you/anyone with the same idea!
And the brilliant thing in the US gov (I'm not a US cit.) is that they kinda care a lot for your freedom even at the edge of stupidity. You might be the less regulated country in the world so please !
@_date: 2018-12-27 16:46:16
It was communism, for production capacity. For exemple: the nation must produce 10T of steel per minute regardless of need for the next 5 years.
The difference between the soviet central planning and the fed central planning is that the soviet plan was long term, not based on reality of demand and intangible (decided by the tyran therefore cannot be wrong). The central planning by the fed is adjusted regularly, can be moved by elections and is based on demand by the economy not just random spoliation of the nation.
Now in what ideology “twisting reality to fit your ideology” was a thing?