@_author: xx123456
@_date: 2017-12-22 12:48:42
DOt. Com was destined to fail because people were giving free work for hopes of future gains. Even after the bubble burst there were huge winners like google, yahoo, Apple, Microsoft and amazon. The internet free system runied industries in my opinion. Bitcoin and Crypto is leading the way for a pay/investment culture through tokens. Your ignorant to think people are just hodling bitcoin. Lots of currency is being transferred for goods and services. People use different crypto for transfers. It cannot fail because of this, only the perceived value of bitcoin will be effected. This is a good thing overall  for bitcoin because the price will stabilize and it shakes out the weak investors, gives light to alt coins &amp; brings regulation into the exchange. Bitcoin will shoot back up after lightning is introduced and we will begin to see it in retail in 2018. Q2 will be a fantastic year for gains, don’t miss the boat again on this!
@_date: 2017-12-23 18:45:53
People are naive and listening to media manipulation. Tuition is a massive bubble yet nobody talks about it. Credit card debt is a massive bubble nobody talks about. The stock market is in a bubble that nobody talks about. Housing is in a bubble nobody talks about. These are massive life changing bubbles, yet nobody talks about it. But bitcoin, yeah it’s a “bubble” but it will do fuck all to the world economy if it pops. 
Straight up people don’t know shit and if they don’t want to make low cost, fast money and invest in companies that will direct the future... their fuckin loss. How many industries are implementing Blockchain and who do you think will be on the forefront developing that shit? Crypto! Reminds me of the internet when first adopters were only losers, nerds and virgins. Now we laugh. 
@_date: 2017-12-23 18:35:51
Bitcoin is a place you store wealth like gold. Bitcoin is the core of Blockchain and crypto. You then transfer that gold to buy other currencies. I bought crypto kittens with etherium for example. Bought some fun tokens for future use in their casino and for investment. If I wanted to, I could buy a super car with bitcoin. Lots of shit can be bought with bitcoin. People are hodling because of transfer fees mostly and time. It’s almost a joke to make money in crypto. Once lightning gets implemented it will be an accepted retail currency. Crypto is being used as currency, it’s just niche and specialized transactions right now. 
@_date: 2017-11-28 13:54:49
Bitcoin is mathematical energy. Lots of cpu processing and electric energy is used to make one bitcoin. It has value. The more dependent humans become on tech the more value it has. 