@_author: xxxbitcoinfan420xxx
@_date: 2014-03-31 14:57:17
This one is just a lesser extinction event, purging the obsolete organisms from the ecosystem. Just as life has witnessed and endured several extinction events over the past 550 million years, bitcoin has indeed witnessed and endured several, and is witnessing one now. But the ecosystem will be purged of the unsustainable dinosaurs who have eaten themselves out of house and home, and the ecosystem will prosper. Hopefully, it will help us get rid of the unsustainable dinosaurs eating us out of house and hope at a socio-economic and political level.
We are in the middle of an extinction event now, so I don't want to give out any advice to new players - only this - during an extinction event, the obsolete die very swiftly, and the responsible, intelligent and agile live on and prosper. Just go on youtube and check out some videos from some speakers at conferences - some of these kids are geniuses and the blockchain is scientific fact. Whether or not it is bitcoin that endures - no-one can know - but the blockchain is a foregone conclusion. Bitcoin is simply it's Original Gangsta.
And as my buddy Nate Dogg said about Altcoins "You can come closer than close, yeah...original they never will beeeeeeee". They will help form independent economies, where people put their money where their mouth is on social issues, and inscribe it into the blockchain - each coin gaining value with its backing in bitcoin (via proof-of-burn / Mastercoin), and the beliefs of its users in the blockchain.
If you don't like "just-psuedonimity", go play with ZeroCoin. If you want lightening fast transactions, go play with LiteCoin. If you think you have a better macro-economic model that has built in taxation and could be used as a fair and equitable broadly-based decentralised form of government, create your own crypto, and win a Nobel Prize for it. If it's a good model, people will believe in it and migrate to it. I think bitcoin is the best compromise for a civilised society.
A proof-of-stake based method of adminstering democracy should have a very honest government as if voting is done online based on decentralised proof of stake, it's basically your new 2nd amendment. Would make an election impossible to rig. You could even fund the campaign with dogecoin :p
Who wouldn't "kick the other guy out" from the smart phone on their couch?
**NOTE** Pretend you are living in the year 2025 and you just read the above message, and there is a crypto that has a market cap of $500 billion - the above starts looking more natural. You need to give things time ;)
@_date: 2014-03-31 14:43:04
It might not be bitcoin that lives on, but the blockchain is the DNA of our cosmos. Bitcoin needs to be finite because our planet is, thus, our economy needs to be. You can't fight nature and evolution and win.
Even if we go interplanetary, it would still need to be finite -  infinite divisibility helps us with this - as wealth will need to migrate interplanetarily too - without friction. Praise science for the miracle that is the blockchain, the tardigrade of our time, and the saviour of our species.