@_author: xxxdeathangel99xxx
@_date: 2015-06-17 21:53:30


How does "economic majority" decide on anything?
To try and make the miners bend to the will of say Coinbase and other western non-mining nodes not even a hard fork is sufficient, because they would still be able to mine on the right fork (providing the right client version), only still not accepting more than 8mb of transactions via their patched clients.
What is the power that the Western folk hold over them, can you explain it to me? Because I don't see any.
@_date: 2014-12-29 10:29:31


Are you saying that the blockchain technology is causing this sort of global ecological harm? Because you're talking about that distributed public ledger here, not about coinbase doing anything with their private info.
@_date: 2014-11-28 22:47:33
Aww, you deleted the part about my internet argument jiu-jitsu, it was so cool :(
Anyway, the actual bottom line:
Bitcoin community has schizophrenia, a split mind, where on one hand they're like, "being your own bank is awesome, anyone could do this, and you don't have to trust anyone besides the blockchain!"
On the other hand there's suddenly this question of trust for _everything_, and a very fucking high level of trust, like trusting blockchain.info to not serve you in particular this particular time a version of their javascript that sends your password in plaintext. Implemented by a rogue employee, say. How hard it is to get hired by them, then sneakily-sneak that stuff in, then delete it all when a global code review seems imminent and GTFO to some tropical island, I wonder?
And blockchain.info is considered to be _more secure_ that what _most people use_, the accounts on exchanges etc. What the fuck?
And the things that are supposedly more secure than blockchain.info are wallet software managed by anonymous people, with nothing like the community reviewing the diff in the new version. You just trust them to be genuine bitcoin enthusiasts and not someone who decided to spend a year of weekends to build trust then suddenly steal $100,000,000. Like, that's a very good return for a year of spending your weekends coding, I wonder which of the wallets are actually that.
But, you see, since "being your own bank is awesome, anyone could do this, and you don't have to trust anyone besides the blockchain!" is **the truth** around here, and any comments questioning that are downvoted because that is perceived as threatening trolling or something, you'll never have any actual discussion about this stuff. And butters will keep getting sheared by criminals.
I mean, look, tell me, is there a wallet software that actually tries to deal with this problem of trust? That has some procedure for approving a new version that makes sure that a bunch of people at least skimmed through the diffs before everyone downloads it? Nope. This is not a problem. Every man is an ~~island~~ his own bank, and these man-banks totally use untrusted software because we implicitly trust other bitcoiners and there's nothing weird or contradicting the founding principles about that.
@_date: 2014-12-29 15:58:33
I'm not talking about people, I'm talking about bitcoiners. Libertarian/AnCap ideas are more than welcomed in the community.
@_date: 2014-12-29 16:57:39
In what sense?
We are talking about people who, as far as I can tell, eagerly await the collapse of the dollar economy. Do you think that they are eager to start paying taxes in bitcoin to the same government or something?
@_date: 2014-12-29 21:05:44


I would say so about a freed slave who is actually a millionaire but still likes to serve some food to white people because he likes the free leftovers.
We are talking about the early adopters here.
@_date: 2014-11-26 18:02:25
Why would anyone sell mining chips instead of mining themselves? Besides, of course, scammers.
@_date: 2014-12-29 16:30:36


Yeah, some libertarians don't think that taxes are theft. We are talking about bitcoiners here, however.


That's just enabling the system of oppression. Not only they benefit from the system, they actually _rely_ on it, which goes against them saying that it doesn't work.
Anyway, we are talking about bitcoin millionaires here, so it's not like a libertarian who is in dire straits after losing his job and is basically forced to collect unemployment, surely those people could just be doing the right thing instead of engaging in very questionable moral equilibristics?
@_date: 2014-12-29 16:40:05
Unfortunately you severely underestimate their lack of self-awareness.
@_date: 2014-12-29 14:25:59
You said that coinbase is "spying on customers for the US/other governments", but the data they are doing the "spying" on is in the open, you must be very naive if you think that powers that be don't analyze it themselves and would be even slightly inconvenienced if coinbase didn't look at it.
In fact I'd bet that it's the other way around: they are somewhat inconvenienced by coinbase warning its customers that they were connected to illegal activities, while most probably not even bothering to tell the government (or other governments) about it (what's the point at that point?). So I'm not sure in what sense they are "spying _for_ the US/other governments", in what way do you think they are helping them?
@_date: 2014-12-29 21:16:37


But their tracking doesn't use that information at all.
Like, if the OP was "Coinbase knows who you are and your bank account!!!11", that would be true but not unexpected, to say the least. 
"And they maybe share this info with NSA" would be interesting but lacking any proof.
"They track your transactions and close your account if there's a two-hop transaction to the SR2 wallet" has absolutely nothing to do with the above two things.
@_date: 2014-12-29 15:31:09


If you're talking about the extortionists then aren't they doing it strictly out of their self-interest, like good little john galts? Why do you think they are paid to extort money, this doesn't even make sense.
Also, isn't it Ver's and Finney's and every other early adopter's fault for not spending some of their wealth on proper security, instead expecting protection from the statist system of violence?
@_date: 2014-11-28 11:00:25




But that's exactly what banks do. Weren't we supposed to be our own banks?
@_date: 2014-11-26 21:04:43
Because very few people have "free" electricity. And it's never actually "free", you'd be passing the scam part over to the users.
Anyway, there's a huge problem with incentives, as far as selling mining rigs goes. You're literally selling a money-printing machine, you'd be really tempted to run it yourself for as long as it's actually profitable, then pass it over to some poor schmuck.
Reality check: is there any place where I can buy a mining rig over the counter as it is, with it getting tracked as shipped on Amazon the instant I paid my money, without any preordering bullshit? There isn't, because the intrinsic rules of the game are so, so heavily stacked to favour scammy businesses that an honest business simply can't compete.
Using them as heating units is an interesting idea, but a bunch of orders of magnitude away from being profitable, given how margins are here. An iron coil used for heating costs next to nothing, an ASIC must cost a shitton more than an outdated GPU because of R&amp;D, and even an outdated GPU is not anywhere near to being cost efficient.
In other words, choose one: a current generation ASIC that has a chance of actually mining some BTC, priced in the tens of thousands USD correspondingly, or an outdated piece of hardware that really has no chance of mining anything but still costs orders of magnitudes more than a usual heater. This will remain true as long as the Moore's Law holds.
@_date: 2014-12-29 15:15:50


How is coinbase "collecting it for them"?
We know that coinbase runs some analysis on the blockchain and closes accounts of its clients suspected of being connected to various illegal activities.
Why do you think it _also_ informs NSA and Russian government about that? _After_ it warned the customer? While NSA and Russian government trust coinbase and don't run their own analysis programs?
@_date: 2014-12-29 17:07:35
So, a person you disagree with but can't make an argument. The usual definition of a troll around these parts.
@_date: 2014-12-29 22:51:43
I spend, like, ten minutes per day here to see that it's still


And I am the troll here? Like, that thing above is not true?
@_date: 2014-12-07 20:28:01
I find it funny that an essential step in using the breakthrough internet currency is securing a computer that you should never, ever connect to the internet.
@_date: 2015-01-05 17:58:56
@_date: 2015-01-22 13:40:23


Uh, I login to my internet bank account, select "make a payment", select "international payment", enter your bank account and bank code, click pay, enter my internet bank code it asked for, click confirm. There's a sizeable fee for me as a lowly private person, this is not instant, this is not easy to use, and so on.
But the protocol exists. I mean, what do you think happens when you pay with a credit card in a foreign country, how does your money get from your bank to the bank of the business you're paying to? How do you think you send money from your bank account to the bank account of a person you're buying a house from? How do you buy bitcoin from an exchange, for fuck's sake? 
The first and original role of banking as institution was to allow sending money between banks located in different places, jeezus.
The question is, since both Coinbase and Bitpay are sizeable businesses that have resources to deal with this stuff that is pretty unwieldy for a private person, why doesn't Coinbase simply send USD to Bitpay's account? Why do they send money to Bitstamp account instead, then bitcoin happens, then Bitfinex sends money to Bitpay's account? What's the role of bitcoin here? Why do you think Coinbase doesn't wire money directly to Bitpay already or will do next week, given how that cuts out two middlemen and a bunch of speculators between them? 
@_date: 2015-01-22 22:58:31


No, I'm asking you what benefit does bitcoin bring to the clearing and settlement between Coinbase customers and Bitpay merchants, from the point of view of Coinbase and Bitpay who handle it.
That was exactly the use case you used in your opening comment [here](


Why would Coinbase and Bitpay want to settle between themselves using bitcoin instead of whatever EFT method they use to buy/sell bitcoin from exchanges?
Like, if you're saying now that bitcoin allows a Coinbase client to buy stuff from a merchant not associated with Bitpay, or vice-versa, then sure. But that's not what got this discussion started, the quote I quoted.


I think it wouldn't be bad manners after _that_ to imply that you might be drunk right now and that it would be better for both of us if you replied to me tomorrow.
@_date: 2015-01-05 21:16:07
Is it like trading the IOUs on mtgox coins after they closed the shop? There was a service that allowed exactly that in a few weeks between the time when they completely stopped withdrawals and when they filed for bankruptcy.
Only in case of Ripple you're not trading with consenting parties, you're actually exploiting people who assigned such and such amount of BTC they trust to bitstamp's ability to honor IOUs and have not updated it yet, so you can say that you want to buy some of bitstamp's coins and the Ripple's p2p network automatically routes your order to some of those suckers and gives you their actual BTC.
I might be misunderstanding how Ripple works, feel free to correct me.
@_date: 2015-01-04 12:35:29




Whoa, you are the mythical [counter-inductivist]( in the flesh!
@_date: 2015-01-19 16:46:45


How so? Seeing that you sent all your funds as $50 to a known vendor and the rest to your new wallet would only make it harder to track for someone casually looking at the web interface to the blockchain.
@_date: 2015-01-22 17:01:42




You omitted the part where they buy bitcoin from an exchange. Which is the first of the two transfers I'm talking about.


Because it allows me to do the exact same thing using my debit card, and with that there's a neat framework in place, established by Visa, MC, and others, that includes among other things a dispute resolution protocol that doesn't require human involvement for the first three steps and has an agreed-upon arbitration committee for the fourth. It also allows the merchant to deliver the thing you paid for immediately (because they bill you and are guaranteed to receive the money later, after settlement, what people call a "pull-based transaction") instead of waiting a day or three for the confirmation from their bank that your transaction reached them (aka "push-based transaction").
Which would all be valid things to complain about and a perfect place for bitcoin to step in if not for the fact that they use that very same EFT method to buy bitcoin from an exchange. And then Bitpay uses that very same EFT method _again_ to withdraw funds from an exchange. Do you see the problem here?
If you were arguing for the benefits of the mirrored situation, where customers and merchants use bitcoin while Coinbase and Bitpay settle in USD, sure, there, between customers and Coinbase and between Bitpay and merchants, bitcoin would be useful, but we have an opposite situation, lol.
@_date: 2015-01-19 13:53:51
Obviously after Bitcoin has transformed the world into a libertarian utopia, all this stuff about hiring assassins to protect one's business interests would no longer be considered a crime and The Journal would present a valuable piece of historic evidence.
@_date: 2015-01-06 00:22:21




Ah, the libertarian definition of consent.
I take it to mean that I understood the gist of what Ripple allows here correctly: an efficient distributed way to relieve the people who don't stay awake 24/7 and failed to adjust their level of trust in bitstamp on Ripple of their bitcoin. A truly awesome service, I foresee a bright future for it in the bitcoin economy.
@_date: 2015-01-05 15:08:52
@_date: 2015-01-23 10:47:54
It's OK to just admit you were wrong, you know? You _gain_ respect of your peers by doing that, not lose it, trust me.
@_date: 2015-01-04 17:15:33
It doesn't matter, you can consider that hypothetical investor as a separate entity and say that well, this is how much money we need every day at such and such price just to pay for the electricity, then, how do we think, are there enough investors to buy $500k/day, doesn't matter on the exchanges or directly from miners.
@_date: 2015-01-22 15:20:00


How do you think money from Coinbase get to, say, Bitstamp or whatever exchange they use, and money from, say, Bitfinex get to Bitpay?
I mean, I don't need to know __how__ they do it, I know that they __do__.
And if Coinbase can send money to Bitstamp, then they can use exactly the same method to send money directly to Bitpay and save them both 1. bitstamp fees (including spread), 2. bitfinex fees (including spread), 3. bitcoin transaction fees, 4. half of the bank fees (one wire instead of two).
My argument only sounded bizarre to you because it somehow didn't occur to you that in the system that involves bitcoin there already are two money transfers that you consider "impossible", and the proposed solution simply removes one of them.


The ability of a random person to seamlessly pay a random merchant is completely irrelevant in this case.
@_date: 2015-01-04 15:45:35


Volume in speculation (that doesn't produce any wealth), not volume in trading real goods and services.
Also, 1% of uncompensated wealth drain per day adds up over hundreds of days, I don't know why do you dismiss it as unimportant.
@_date: 2015-01-11 22:05:39
The cost of mining is a function of the number of people doing the mining. Suppose we take you $150/btc estimate and then the price falls to $75, then half of the Chinese guys get out and the remaining half receives the exact same payout they are used to.
You just can't estimate "the price at which mining becomes unprofitable", this is not a thing.
@_date: 2015-01-24 13:12:10
Statist scum.
@_date: 2015-01-12 09:43:33


How? Electric cost depends on the total network hashrate, which depends on the number of active miners, which can change arbitrarily.
Again, say you estimate that price point as $150. I say, OK, suppose the price halves but half of the miners get out and the difficulty halves. Suddenly the remaining miners make exactly the same money at $75, because each mines twice as many coins. Then what the hell the $150 estimate estimated?
@_date: 2015-01-24 11:50:01
If there's no laws then there's no property (an artificial concept defined by laws). And if there's no property then there's no theft.
It's similar to how bitcoin has solved the problem of money theft by virtue of the fact that nobody can steal bitcoin because bitcoin is just a number and you can't own a number.
@_date: 2015-01-04 16:32:53
The OP gave you proof that large mining farms must dump at least 37% of their mined bitcoin, on average, just to pay for electricity (at current price). It doesn't matter if they do it every day or on weekends or however they want.
If you don't trust math, what are you doing in this sub?
@_date: 2015-01-22 22:30:19




What's your point here? That it's actually possible for a sufficiently large business to do EFT transactions relatively painlessly as long as they batch them and keep an internal ledger of what goes where instead of relying on any external ledger, be that Visa's or the blockchain?


Dude, there and in the next quote I was explaining how ETF sucks compared to card transactions. And you're arguing against that?


Yeah, it only goes there on the next day, after the merchant have sent actual transactions and they got cleared and settled. Buuut, how do you think things are working out for merchants served by BitPay, eh?


_I_ don't even know what you're talking any more here and in the previous quote in your response.
Listen, it's simple. Coinbase already has a custom software implementing an internal ledger, processing the bitcoin transaction they send out and regularly buying bitcoin from exchanges via EFT. Same for Bitpay, only they are selling bitcoin to exchanges via EFT. Both have to have a bunch of bitcoin on hand so that they can batch their transactions to make EFT less painful.
In a situation described in the OP, when a user with an USD Coinbase account wants to buy some Microsoft Points, again priced in USD, what prevents Coinbase software from hooking to Bitpay API, both already existing as custom transaction processing software, and sending a "the user wants to give one of your clients $20" transaction, waiting for confirmation, then EFT-ing the whole batch at the end of the day? It would cut out two shady middlemen, the need to hold as much BTC with its volatility, and one of the two EFT's.
What value exactly using bitcoin between them instead gives to Coinbase and Bitpay?
I mean, you point me at the fact that bitcoin transactions between them transfer bitcoin instantly (well, if they use 0-confirmation trxs then it involves even more work in the software and also trust between them), but for USD-USD transactions that's irrelevant because they have to maintain their internal ledgers and use batched EFT for actual USD transfers anyway. Two of both EFT's and bitcoin stashes, instead of one and none respectively if their software talked to each other directly.
@_date: 2015-08-14 14:03:59


That's a typical statist approach, attempting to solve problems caused by regulation by adding _more_ regulation.
Bit Coin represents a paradigm shift: we have the concept of ownership backed by math, not by laws and jackbooted thugs enforcing them, and beyond that of course we don't need any laws and oppressive states to intervene either. And that's it: if there are no laws and regulations then there's no boundaries for corporations to test and transgress.
@_date: 2015-07-03 10:43:14


@_date: 2015-08-14 22:39:44


If you disagree with that then what do you do in the bit Coin space in the first place?
What do you think the point of bit Coin is, in the first place? What kind of stuff it enables?
@_date: 2015-08-01 21:58:48


[Nigga is you taking notes on a criminal fucking conspiracy?](
@_date: 2015-04-08 12:11:55


@_date: 2015-04-22 13:44:43
People start using currency as a store of value eliminating more and more of it from the circulation, driving the price far above what you'd expect from the increase in GDP. Then people try to actually cash out on their investments, using their hoarded money to buy goods, but since as I said their virtual wealth isn't backed by the increase in GDP there's not enough supply of goods and the price crashes.
To put it simply, you get interest on investment because it was loaned to a pizza joint that used it to buy an extra oven, so when you collect your interest there's a whole bunch of extra pizza in the world that you can spend it on, so doing that doesn't cause sudden hyperinflation.
In case of a currency (or any other asset) experiencing deflation due to speculation there's no extra pizzas in the real world, no extra stuff at all being created that can cover all that extra paper wealth that is being created when you multiply the increasing amount of the hoarded asset by the increasing price of the traded asset. It's going to crash, the only question is, do you feel lucky to cash out just before it happens, or are you going to be left holding the bag?
@_date: 2015-04-25 10:06:34




Yeah, I strongly suspect that physically it's a bunch of servers passing your call over in a digital form. Maybe that still makes some sort of a difference legally because they all belong to the phone company or something.
@_date: 2015-04-22 16:01:09


Because generally the things that start to go one way faster the further they are down that way don't reach equilibrium. An upside-down traffic cone is a good example.
To reach equilibrium you need some force acting in the opposite direction to the deviation, returning the price back. You somehow need to make people save _less_ as the price goes up due to more money locked under their pillows.


Because the end game of saving is you retiring and buying goods while not producing any goods yourself any more. Don't you think that it's a pretty important question, where would those goods come from?
I mean, I'm not saying that anything bad is going to happen while everyone is _saving_. No, during that time the price rises, everyone becomes a paper millionaire and everyone is happy. I'm concerned about what happens when you _start spending your saved money_.


I guess so.
@_date: 2015-04-14 15:11:52
Why don't you sell it to be able to [pay for food]( for a couple of years?
@_date: 2015-04-22 14:07:09
You should save by investing, this is the only way the growth of your monetary worth has the corresponding increase in the real world wealth.
A bunch of tokens stashed under a pillow can't actually grow in value, you know? Only a bunch of stuff that does work creating more stuff grows in value.
Of course that doesn't mean that you can't become rich by participating in speculative schemes, but you need to be cleverer than most, luckier than most, and have no moral scruples about the fact that all the wealth you gained is the wealth that someone lost.
@_date: 2015-04-24 21:50:41


They go down in price because there's a __real world improvement__, not because something happened on paper to the money you use to buy them.
I just want to hammer it down: when the price of one commodity as measured in the price of another commodity changes, that could be because of a __real world changes__ or that could be because of a speculative bubble regarding that other commodity.
Only the first kind of price change is the real one, the shit really got cheaper to produce, so it's cheaper. The other kind of price change doesn't have anything in the __real world__ to back it, therefore it's going to crash hard sooner or later.
You can still make money off it, if you're lucky and savvy, but make no mistake, you'd be taking that money from the bagholders, in a [zero-sum game](


Dude, we have a problem with our poor getting _obese_. Like, what?


This might surprise you, but there's a lot of countries besides the US, and their currencies do in fact compete in a free market.
Also, this is not directly relevant, but I want to redpill you regarding this whole "government vs the free market" thing.
There are two definitions of a free market, first is a market with multiple sellers and buyers, full information, all the stuff, resulting in a fair price. 
Second is a market free from government's intervention. That's two completely different things, the role of a government is to intervene to make the market free. You can't have a free market (in the first sense) without government intervention. 
And yes, the stuff that any respectable darknet marketplace does, even as simple as implementing reputation as a thing in the computer, not the actual reputation in the heads of the users, counts as a government intervention to protect the free market.
@_date: 2015-04-24 20:39:38


Well, less than a percent or so per year does just that.
_Any_ amount of deflation is bad in my book, because then saving by putting your money under the pillow for a long term becomes viable, and I just don't see how it wouldn't lead to all kinds of shit including runaway inflation when you get your money from under the pillow and try to spend it.
That sort of brings us back to the start: I understand why you'd like to be able to "save" by just accumulating money, even without any interest on that. That would be a simple and nice world to live in.
But I don't see how it is supposed to work, macroeconomically: your saved money are not really backed by any surplus of goods in the real world. When you try to realise your on-paper demand, shit's gonna go south.
As Albert Einstein said: make your solution as simple as possible, __but not simpler__.
@_date: 2015-04-22 17:57:14


Why would it increase enough to satisfy the increased demand caused by deflation? If there's no reason for that then it wouldn't happen.


Are you saying that saving in bitcoin would only work if a few people do that and get rich at the expense of everyone else?
@_date: 2015-04-22 15:31:12


Making the price go up faster when it goes up and vice versa is not how you reach equilibrium.


Who cares about the value of one dollar dropping?
Why do you think that it should be possible to "save" by putting your money under the pillow, at all?
Where do you think the goods that you're going to buy when you retire are supposed to come from?


Stable low inflation.
@_date: 2015-04-22 17:31:43


You seem to be arguing with a completely different argument from what I'm really making.
I'm not saying that you are not going to spend any money and that would be bad. That could be bad in the short term at least, but that's not the main problem by far in my opinion. You can stop telling me that you'll be spending some money in addition to saving, I never doubted it.
I'm asking, when "all of a sudden, people with savings have more money", but the amount of buyable stuff in the world has not increased, what do you expect to be able to buy?
Imagine if the US government gives everyone $9 for every dollar they own. That's exactly the same situation as a sudden deflation, everyone who has been holding dollars gets "richer" in direct proportion to the amount they were holding. What happens when people try to spend their dollars on bigger things? Do you understand the problem?


I'm fascinated by the community.
@_date: 2015-03-31 14:58:27


What do they do with the drugs?
@_date: 2015-10-07 20:55:16


Yeah, if a significant proportion of the mining pool nodes have rebooted. As far as I know, they don't do that voluntarily (it would be against their rational self interest to waste time doing so), so it is in your rational self-interest to join the attack in hopes that they do something about that, either die and restart or implement some sort of replacement policy.
@_date: 2015-02-20 11:20:12


Greece population is 11 million people. Bitcoin protocol currently allows less than 3 transactions per second (the wiki assumes the minimal possible trx size to get 7, the real average trx size is more than twice larger) . That's `3 * 60 * 60 * 24 * 30` = 7,776,000 transactions per month.
If Greece adopted bitcoin as its national currency, Greeks would be able to make less than one purchase per month, an that's assuming that they get to use 100% of the network capacity.
Another interesting question is to contemplate which fraction of bitcoin they would end up using. Say, 1%? Then various early adopters would be able to suck out all of its resources and GDP like 100 times over.
@_date: 2015-02-05 22:16:22


Oh, that I can answer! Using a distributed ledger weighed by the wealth of the people participating guarantees that only the rich guys can insert all kinds of code that spies on you into your OS.
Do you hate the modern capitalist society where the rich people seem to run everything making themselves even richer? With that OS you could have a completely different kind of an ecosystem where _bitcoin_-rich people control everything.
@_date: 2015-02-20 20:17:10
And then the banks would eliminate the source of volatility from their settlements, luckily enough there's already a protocol that does that without the need to pay a couple of million USD to the Chinese miners every day.
And "cashing out" would never happen, because why?
And you have not said anything about the vultures.