@_author: xy_za_bc
@_date: 2013-02-02 22:47:52
First of all, I also have had transactions with no issues. If I have made a mistake setting up my bank account I would love coinbase to tell me about. That's exactly the kind of thing I am looking for from them. Of course I would accept responsibility in that case. 
Please stop flinging baseless drivel at me, the irony is amusing though. 
@_date: 2013-02-02 19:55:55
I was trying to be extremely careful not to insinuate that order cancellations had anything to do with price gains. I have to disagree with you and will give them the benefit of the doubt there. But in case you were wondering, I had an order cancelled that had a $40 price differential. I honestly don't care about the price gains, and would have happily given them up, I just wanted bit coins... 
@_date: 2013-02-02 21:40:44
So...I'm a lying asshole? 
I only stated my experience as accurately as possible. I did not imply any malice on the part of coinbase and honestly really want to like coinbase. I thought providing this information would be useful to some people and provide an opportunity for people (and maybe coinbase themselves) to explain to me why I was having this issue. 
Are you anti-information? I tried to be rational and courteous, I guess it was a mistake to assume those would be reciprocated . 
Concerned and curious? Yes. Trying to destroy a company? Certainly not.
@_date: 2013-02-02 17:58:39
I just created a one off reddit account for my post as I don't post much,  so I can see how that might not give me much credibility I guess. Let me be clear that I have absolutely nothing to do with those other posts. 
I really tried my hardest to just provide a thoughtful and accurate account of my experience so far, in case others were interested. Shrug. I think Coinbase is going to be awesome, I just will hold off using them for a little bit until I get some insight into why this happens. When Coinbase support gets back to me (which it seems like is pretty awesome) I will certainly provide an update. I'm hopeful they can work with me to figure out what's going on
Can't you see how it's a little demoralizing when I just wanted to share what happened to me and everyone tells me to shut up and go home?
@_date: 2013-02-02 21:54:12
Of course I will accept answers, that's why I posted here and made a request to customer support. 
Unreasonable question? I feel like "My orders have been cancelled, please shed some light so I can have good faith going forward" is a perfectly reasonable question. 
And if disclosing why my orders have been flagged is too much of security risk (understandable I think), I would be open to them at least working with me to correct the mistakes and assure me that things will be ok going forward. Am I being unreasonable? 
@_date: 2013-02-02 18:16:14
I guess there's no way to convince you otherwise...  :(