@_author: xybrad
@_date: 2014-01-20 07:52:25
I'm not worried about it being in the same wallet.  I'm concerned about the particular address it ends up in.  Is change left behind in the originating address or is it sent to a brand new address?
@_date: 2014-03-03 01:39:51
I think your idea may make sense to you, but I am guessing you don't deal very much with the business/cash flow side of your family's business.  You seem to have spent a lot more time thinking about the tech solution than the actual business interests and needs.
The only thing you're really proposing is a prepayment plan to your customers.  Pay a bunch now, to avoid the expense/hassle/delay of making smaller payments at the time of the actual order.  My hunch is at the order sizes you're talking about, the $75 wire fee is actually not a great inhibitor to the transaction.  Most companies would not give up 5 figures worth of cash for months/years at a time to avoid a paltry $75 wire fee.
If your prices were extremely volatile, you may interest some of your customers in a 'price guarantee' or a way to lock in a certain price in exchange for an upfront payment and/or a promise of a certain minimum order.  Airlines sometimes enter into contracts like these to hedge the price of jet fuel, because the airlines want to be able to balance their relatively stable demand for fuel against its surprisingly volatile price.
But the point is there are already-existing mechanisms to accomplish all the business concerns you highlight today: futures contracts, minimum orders, pre-payment plans.  I still don't understand what benefit there would be to creating your own crypto currency.
@_date: 2014-03-22 07:56:14
How does this add any security whatsoever?  If you're going to send your coins to another address in a year, you still need to keep the private key for the new address safe.  And if you have a place to keep a private key safe, why not just use it to store the existing private key?  What does it benefit anyone to have a signed transaction sending coins from one address to another a year from now?  Especially if you are going to destroy the current private key - it seems like all this really does is set up a booby-trap for yourself.
1) If you do destroy your current private key, you won't be able to change your mind in case your circumstances change (perhaps you lose a job or a family member dies and you need access to your funds earlier than expected).
2) If you don't actually destroy all copies of your current private key, an attacker who does obtain your private key can spend your coins while you watch helplessly.
3) If you don't protect the new private key well, an attacker who obtains your new private key can monitor the new address and steal your coins the second your nLockTime transaction occurs.
@_date: 2014-01-15 06:31:50
You can use Google Authenticator as your 2FA method. It doesn't need access to a cell network to generate the code.
@_date: 2014-03-03 00:11:19
So... you want to sell gift cards?  I don't see why you need cryptocurrency involved at all.
If your components sell today for $500 each, you can already sell a voucher good for 1 box of components for $500: simply accept the cash and note down in your ledger that you now have an outstanding liability.  When the customer wants their order, they call you up, you deliver the goods, and strike the liability from your ledger.
Just because you add some fancy crypto doesn't mean that companies will be lining up to pre-pay for their purchases.  If anything, they'll just buy a month or two worth of vouchers just prior to your annual price increase.
The advantages of crytocurrency stem from its decentralized nature.  But if you're the only vendor who accepts XYZCoin, there's no reason to create a decentralized currency.  Your customers exist in a system by definition centralized around you.  They must trust you to deliver goods upon payment.
The crux of your 'solution' seems to be that in order to save the time and fees of wiring money to your company every time customers want to buy something from you, they should just wire you a big bunch of money at the beginning of the year, and then accept goods at sporadic times throughout the year.  You don't need crypto for this solution, you just need an accountant.
@_date: 2014-05-16 00:04:38
Add the location %appdata%\bitcoin\chainstate to your excluded folders list.  That's a data-only folder so the risk is minimal.  It will also insulate you against further annoyances of this nature.
In Windows Defender/Microsoft Security Essentials: Click on Settings, Excluded Files and Locations, add the folder, and click save changes.
@_date: 2014-01-26 22:06:38








Actually if I needed to transfer more than $3K in a day, Coinbase is useless to me because there's always a 4+ day waiting period for anything other than instant (capped at 1 BTC/week).
@_date: 2014-01-24 08:28:55
You're saying the same thing I did above, just with a company instead of a person.  The only way it works is if you trust the sender to not use knowledge of the private key to spend the printed bitcoins.
And if you're going to trust a private company with your private key, there's no reason to print the private key on the paper at all.  Any company could just issue vouchers that say "redeemable for 1 BTC" on them.  Now imagine the company is not a company but a government and you've just recreated fiat currency.
Assuming a reputable enough company did create printed BTC (like Amazon), you're still missing out on much of the value of BTC as an electronic currency:
 - transferable in any amount
 - impossible to forge or counterfeit
 - instantly transferable to anyone in any location
 - cannot be physically destroyed
 - cannot be seized by governments
@_date: 2014-01-20 06:34:13
If I create an offline transaction like this, what happens to the change?  If I'm worried about using addresses multiple times, do I need to make sure to drain each address and send the change to a new Armory address myself?  Or does Armory do this for me automatically?
@_date: 2014-01-24 07:48:30
Because you cannot use a piece of paper to transfer ownership of a bitcoin.  Any bitcoin amount can be controlled by ANY person who has the private key.
So if you deposit BTC to an address that you generate, that means you have the private key.  If you now print that private key on a piece of paper and give it to someone, now BOTH of you have the private key, which means EITHER ONE of you can spend it.  The only way to safely transfer the value represented by a bitcoin is to conduct an online electronic transaction and deposit your bitcoins into a new address.
The only way a paper transaction works is if the receiver trusts the giver to forget or never use the private key corresponding to the bitcoin address transferred.  So it could work amongst family/friends/benevolent donors, but never amongst the general public.
@_date: 2014-03-27 17:15:20
You know Armory uses deterministic address generation as well right?  The main difference between Electrum and Armory is that Electrum is dependent on an online service for information about the blockchain - that is, you have to trust the developers now and in the future.  Armory uses a local instance of bitcoind for information about the blockchain, which is more cumbersome but also doesn't require you trust anyone else for ongoing transaction information.
@_date: 2015-01-10 07:46:33
Customer funds stored in Coinbase USD Wallets are held with an FDIC-insured financial institution.
@_date: 2015-02-04 00:37:33
Hasn't this happened before?  In exactly the same way?  With someone luring in customers via phishing email, using the CoinBase API to pose as CoinBase, and then draining the account?
Oh yes, I remember now.  It was just a few months ago:
And the response then:


So what's different this time guys?