@_author: xyzyy924
@_date: 2017-08-09 12:43:54
Yes. We have known now, for several years about the Mt Gox hack.
What we were less sure of was the fate of the hundreds of millions (at the time) of dollars worth of Bitcoin.
We now have new information, after the recent arrest -- that these coins were dumped at a variety of bitcoin exchanges.
This dumping activity would have introduced massive sell pressure into the market.
Furthermore, those who lost their funds, may well have decided not to buy back in.
Furthermore, those who lost their funds, may well have been less enthusiastic about recommending bitcoin to friends and family -- instead, people would have heard from them about the large sums of money they lost.
The hack led to a spate of very negative media coverage, that continued for a long time.
It damaged the public's perception of bitcoin considerably.
If you want to help avoid a recurrence of an event such as this, do not keep your funds at an exchange. By keeping your funds at an exchange, if that exchange is subsequently hacked, not only will you lose money, you will also aid in damaging bitcoin's value, since the amount stolen will be greater.
Further, your bitcoin may be dumped.
And even if they are not, I would rather that hackers obtain as few bitcoin as possible.
Secure your bitcoin with your own private keys. It is good for you. It is good for us. It is good for everyone except thieves and those who wish bitcoin would "just go and die".
@_date: 2017-08-09 12:32:37
Or perhaps he just temporarily moved his coins to another address, and then returned most of them to this address later.
Amazing that they continued to hold, when the price reached $3000 (as do pretty much every major holders), and continue to hold when the price dropped to $1850 - if you have 10,000 BTC, that's a fall in dollar value of $11.5m - to many of us, watching our holdings decrease in value by hundreds of dollars can be difficult emotionally to cope with, and some panic sell. The individuals on the rich list, who are watching the value of their holdings dip by millions or tens of millions, they don't flinch (and haven't on many many occasions over the past several years).
Personally I've decided to stop watching the price. I simply dollar cost average, and replace what I spend. If the price rises or falls, I do not care - I am my own bank, and I don't feel like closing down and giving my money to some exchange or fractional reserve bank to look after for me.