@_author: y6y1y9
@_date: 2018-01-12 04:18:13
Definitely. I don't mean to say it's easy to do at all. Just pointing out that until more of it gets *done* Bitcoin is at a bit of a standstill. A lot of people here act like wide adoption of these upgrades are around the corner and will fix everything overnight and like Bitcoin is invincible and that thinking is super unrealistic. A lot of people here are obsessed with the next big rise in price and I'm just saying the next one is dependent on these updates getting done and being fully implemented and I feel we're still a ways off from that. But that's why Bitcoin is more of a hodl coin and not a day trade coin.
@_date: 2018-01-12 23:23:49
If the topic at hand is about Coinbase but also directly relates to or effects Bitcoin than it should also be allowed to be posted here. Especially since Coinbase is how all new people first interact with Bitcoin (as is this sub).
Example of a post that should be on r/Coinbase: "How do i setup a Coinbase account?"
Example of a post that would be allowed to fly here on r/Bitcoin: "Coinbase is finally implementing Segwit! Allowing for lower Bitcoin transaction fees!"
The former example has nothing to do with Bitcoin whereas the latter does and would be relevant here.
@_date: 2018-01-02 21:56:52
Send their customer support an email or Tweet at them. I don't know what happened, but i've been seeing a lot of accounts (including one or two people i know personally) who's verification was taking forever, but then they emailed or Tweeted Gemini and let them know and the verification went through within 48 hours of the exchange.
@_date: 2018-01-10 09:32:08
As much as i wish and hope it will. I don't think Bitcoin is going much further unless Segwit gets fully adopted and Lightning Network gets going everywhere without issue. Altcoins are a high quantity distraction and especially Ethereum is a high quality distraction from Bitcoin. I want Bitcoin to succeed as much as the next person here, but if we're being realistic, Bitcoin has hit a wall it won't pass until some big update/breakthrough (whether in it's tech or in political/financial news) happens. Lightning Network and Segwit aren't *fully* there (yet) and Wall Street getting in on Crypto is still in it's infancy. Sorry this isn't another "hodl to the moon! Bitcoin is immortal!" type comment, but i'd rather face the legitimate hurdles in Bitcoins way and keep the pressure on the people trying to implement solutions to get it done when they can and correctly so Bitcoin could stay on top, rather than bury my head in the sand and ignore how altcoins are starting to steal interest away from Bitcoin while Ethereum steadily closes the (still large) gap between itself and Bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-01-31 01:27:37


And he chose delivered pizzas. Just because you're rich doesn't mean *every* meal has to be some fancy decadent gourmet shit. Sometimes you still want that greasy Pizza Hut/Dominos shit. Rich people don't stay rich by over spending.
@_date: 2018-01-10 09:36:35
Definitely. Like in everything, there's some good and bad. There's a lot of trash alt coins, but there's also a good handful of hidden gems out there. You have to just do as much research as possible. A lot of altcoins sound like they'll do great things but when you look at what they actually have it's just empty promises and a clear pump and dump scheme. Other altcoins might not have a fully working product yet but will have an active developer community that is constantly updating it's community with what they're doing and what *tangible* steps of the process they're at. Some have working products that do what they say they will do, do it well, but just haven't caught on with the larger crypto community yet. The latter two are the ones that are good to invest in for mid-long term. Like a lot of people in crypto, i've got my own little list of one's i bought that i'm keen on and will keep my eye on.
@_date: 2018-01-13 07:18:29


I'm really curious what the hold up for deploying is for any exchange that's Segwit Ready. To me that means it's ready on the backend and they basically should just have to flip the switch on the user facing end. But i don't run major websites so i have no real clue.
@_date: 2018-01-27 05:19:18


The FUD spreading mainstream media doesn't know that nor would they care. That's what he's trying to say. *If* someone who isn't knowledgeable tries to start using Lightning Network and something bad happens, the media will run it as "LIGHTNING NETWORK CAUSES PERSON TO LOSE CRAZY AMOUNT OF BITCOIN!" And other newbies who aren't into crypto yet who might have been considering it and don't know better will then hear nothing but Lightning Network/Bitcoin fud and be wary of using Lightning Network, regardless of if it's actually awesome or not. This is the era of fake news. Something like that happening wouldn't single handedly kill Lightning Network but it could delay it's widespread adoption. Yes, having people test Lightning Network on mainnet has advantages, but it *is* inherently a little risky too. It's a completely valid concern to have.
@_date: 2018-01-16 01:07:01
I think OP might mean in terms of these new features like Segwit, Lightning Network and RSK rolling out and being implemented widely. It's taking, what feels like, forever. Meanwhile, some altcoins are gaining partnerships, hitting roadmap milestones faster and increasing in value and stabilizing. Some have even come, blew up, and crashed and burned already in the time that we're still waiting around for more than 5 exchanges to have Segwit. *Comparatively*, Bitcoin feels like it's not doing much of anything lately.
@_date: 2018-01-19 00:45:32
Even better, they're working on making it browser agnostic entirely. They're working on a desktop app for Windows/Mac/Linux. It'll be out sometime in the next few months. They're trying to have it ready before Google discontinues Chrome extension this Summer.
@_date: 2018-01-03 23:57:56
The product can't be an Ethereum killer if it hasn't even actually launched yet. That's why it's a shitty title.
@_date: 2018-01-12 20:04:10
I get you. I'm not saying things for Bitcoin aren't happening, they absolutely are. I just think too many people act like those things are already done happening when they aren't. In general what i'm really trying to say is no one should be getting too cocky about any coin, including Bitcoin, until these things that are happening are actually done. Even more so because of what you said, it's going to take time. There's a difference between in progress and complete and I'm just seeing too many people act like in progress means complete. I just felt like some of the people who are getting too cocky need a reality check about where Bitcoin is in it's effort to be better and that competition is slowly closing the gap. That's not a dig or FUD at Bitcoin, just a plea for people to be realistic.
@_date: 2018-01-31 01:32:32
Yeah that's true.
@_date: 2018-01-28 00:28:14
If we want mass adoption of the tech, we kinda need to care what those people think at least a little bit.
@_date: 2018-01-05 21:44:36
Ledger Nano S has a software that tells you if it's been tampered with. It's an authenticator thing that reports back to Ledger's servers and if it detects the device has been tampered with it will tell you and then you know to return it. This isn't a 1,000% guarantee that it's tamper proof, but it's basically the next best thing. That's why people do the trick like the one shown in this post where the person sold an already used Ledger and gave the buyer who didn't know better fake seed words. You're pretty much safe to buy from Amazon (watch witch re-seller is selling it though), but always make a new seed.
@_date: 2018-01-11 02:16:02
I completely agree. I see it in other crypto subs too and it just comes off so immature and hipster. Wanting crytpo to be wide spread and also wanting it to be this niche hipster thing only the cool techie kids know about. You really can't have it both ways.
@_date: 2018-01-31 01:22:35
Far as i know, none. The post is just saying whatever BS excuses exchanges were making don't apply anymore. Some were blaming waiting on the Core wallet to have full segwit support before they implemented even though we all know they could have implemented it on their own. All the post is saying that now that excuse isn't relevant. It all comes down to them choosing to do it or not and doing the work to add it to their exchanges.
@_date: 2018-01-13 01:52:02
It's highly recommended solely on the merit of the people behind it not being shady like the people behind Coinbase. But yeah the most requested features are equally lacking.
@_date: 2018-01-25 22:13:25
What else is left to test (I legitimately don't know)? I figured the fact that it's no longer limited to test net and is even able to be on Mainnet at all means it's ready and we're just waiting for adoption at this point.
@_date: 2018-01-06 03:58:20
Long as you are diligent in being on the lookout for these traps you can still be safe buying a Ledger from one of the verified Amazon resellers. If anyone does buy one from Amazon (like i did), check to make sure it's sending you to the proper Chrome App (download it from Ledger's website beforehand), use Ledger's authenticator app (also downloadable on their website) which will tell you if the Ledger has been tampered with, ***and absolutely generate your own seed words no matter what any fake papers in the box might say*** and you'll pretty much be good to go even if the box was messed with.
@_date: 2018-01-12 23:22:10
That guy is trash.
@_date: 2018-01-31 23:37:55
Dips/corrections are not the bubble popping. That's the bubble deflating and re-inflating. The bubble popping is if the market actually *completely* crashes and goes to 0.
@_date: 2018-01-01 20:29:53
He's right though. This is not something a vocal minority is enough to make change. It'd have to be a large chunk of their userbase leaving in order to actually force their hand, and a couple thousand (at most) Redditors is nowhere near enough to do that. That's not being defeatist, that's being realistic.
@_date: 2018-01-08 04:21:22
The Ledger Nano S can hold multiple coins on it. You do need to check on their site which ones it can hold. You can put as many coins (that they support) on the Ledger, but the wallet app you use to access the coins has a limit of 5 being active at one time. If you wanted to access one of the other coins you have, you'd have to delete the wallet app and load up the other one (super quick to do) and then you could move those coins. Then you could delete that app, and reload the other one and have easy access to the previous coin.
@_date: 2017-12-19 02:05:17
I'm newish to all this, so take my comment with a grain of salt/assume i have no idea what i'm talking about. But i just signed up on Coinbase earlier today and bought my first small fraction of a Bitcoin. They asked for my phone number for 2 factor authentication. My email address for the account, and my bank account to transfer money to/from. I did all that and bought that first fraction of a Bitcoin all in one 20 minute sitting and they didn't ask me for an I.D. or any of that other stuff i've been reading they've asked of other people in the last two weeks i've been lurking here on this sub. I haven't set up my Vault or USD wallet yet though, so maybe they'll ask me for that when i set those up. I wouldn't have the first clue though as to why what they need to get people's accounts set up seems to be so inconsistent among different people.
EDIT: Dug around Coinbase some more. Yup it's because i hadn't set up my USD Wallet yet. That's the one where they ask for your SSN and all this other info.
@_date: 2018-01-13 07:28:44
Because that would make too much sense and would be good for everyone.
@_date: 2017-12-23 10:34:53
Polite and intelligent people don't feel the need to announce they're leaving an internet forum as if they're some massively important figure whose presence will be sorely missed. If you feel like you need to leave the sub, feel free to do so, but making silly dramatic posts like this to announce your farewell is worthless and all it does is make the person posting them look like they want attention. I don't mean to single you out or whatever, but i hate these "waaaahhhh, the sub isn't what it used to be anymore. It's not niche and special anymore, it's mainstream and full of memes now" posts in any sub drive me crazy. If it bothers you, find other subs or post actual valid criticisms about why the sub is bad and how to fix it than the whole "Hey everyone look at me i'm leaving! You'd better stop me or i'm really going to be gone!" attention seeker thing.
@_date: 2017-12-07 22:05:54
It's a multi-generation long habit to break. It won't happen overnight.
@_date: 2017-12-22 05:28:29
Noob here. I bought (first time BTC purchase) on Monday at $18.8K. If i didn't find this sub and see all these comments about people who've been through these dips time and time again. I'd definitely be panic selling. But i'm gonna ~~hold~~ hodl!
@_date: 2017-12-14 10:49:02
I think you're looking way too hard/literally into a fictional show. It's based on the real world, but it's fictional. We don't know enough details about the world within the show to know why or why not those fictional people would go with Ecoin over Bitcoin. You're also making a big assumption. They never say in the show people "Trust" Ecoin, only that people feel it's the only option. Think realistically about how if our real world economy collapsed and then Apple introduced Apple Coin that was super easy to use and didn't require you to learn anything about how it actually works to use it. "It just worked", as is the real world Apple mantra/shtick. The vast majority of people, especially in America, are not tech literate. They would not flock to Bitcoin, where you have to learn about the Blockchain and Ledgers and keys and how to keep your coin safe and all this other stuff that, to those people, is really hard techy stuff to really get your head around. *Most* of those people would flock to Apple Coin. That aspect of Bitcoin is still going to take a while to catch on for most of those kinds of people, as far as actually truly understanding it and finding it intuitive. And if the financial system crashed over night and things go to shit, the first thing people would do is flock to the first option that's presented as an easy first step back to some semblance of stability, they likely wouldn't try to fiddle around with something that is basically it's own skill set. It's understandable to find the season boring storywise, but i don't think what they portrayed was unrealistic or makes the writers idiots at all.
@_date: 2017-12-29 03:42:56
No one's really sure. One would think if they are Segwit "Ready" that deploying should be easy as flipping a switch, but i don't know anything about what running an exchange is like or how it really works or what things would be holding them up. All we can do is contact them and try to convince them to flip the switch.
@_date: 2017-12-23 02:13:49
Hodl (said like Amen)
@_date: 2017-12-29 03:34:14
I honestly don't think it's shilling. I think people refer to them because for whatever reason they trust the motives of the Winklevoss Twins more than the Coinbase CEO seeing as the Winklevoss twins have been in Bitcoin basically from the beginning. So even though they don't fully support Segwit yet, the trust that they will is there, more so than other exchanges that also don't have it yet. (And none of these exchanges are perfect yet. For every exchange that has segwit, there's some other downside they have like not doing batching or not supporting a certain altcoin people also want to trade). 
Sometimes that faith in the people behind the product goes a longer way than the product presently having equal/better features than a competitor with shady people at the helm. Yeah, of course some of the commenters might be shills but it's not everyone. It's never everyone. Sometimes people just tend to flock to the same place when their previous goto (in this instance, Coinbase) becomes a non-option for whatever reason. I only play devil's advocate because people always jump to the shill conclusion when it's not always the case. Just because a lot of people recommend something you don't agree with as being the best option doesn't automatically mean it's a shill brigade.
@_date: 2017-12-21 07:16:40
OP isn't shitting on them. He's just pointing out the fact that eventually when Bitcoin reaches it's full potential of what it's supposed to be. We won't need companies like Coinbase. Which is true. That's not shitting on or throwing shade or whatever you want to call it. It's just thinking long term and acknowledging what companies/services like Coinbase really are. They're Bitcoin banks. They deal in Bitcoin instead of fiat but they're still essentially operating like banks, which are for profit. Their number 1 priority isn't the betterment of Bitcoin, it's to make a profit. That's not inherently wrong, just something to be aware of. You can acknowledge that companies like Coinbase have helped Bitcoin grow while also acknowledging that ultimately the thing they helped grow will eventually make them obsolete.
@_date: 2017-12-31 21:49:17


This is correct. However, if you take that Bitcoin and trade it for other cryptocurrencies, that's a taxable event too. It's not just limited to when you cash back out to fiat anymore. So keep records of any transactions you do and what the gain/loss amount is.
@_date: 2017-12-11 05:41:22
Because if beginners are segregated off in a place where they can only learn from other beginners, then no one actually gets better.
@_date: 2017-12-20 00:38:14
I did the same thing. Bought, for the first time, on Monday at 18.8k cause i was worried it was going to shoot up and not come back down for a while. Now currently kicking myself as i see it hovering around 15.8k on Coinbase right now. I will just hodl and see what happens, but just funny that it happened like that on my first time.
@_date: 2017-12-30 00:24:15
People are skeptical of that though because at first they also said, via a roadmap of features that they posted, that Bitcoin Cash wasn't coming for a while if at all and then they suddenly did a surprise debut that nearly broke their system. So their word isn't worth a lot right now. People want to see Coinbases actions speak louder than their blog posts.
@_date: 2017-12-20 17:24:50
People on Reddit in general throw the term shill around way too willy nilly. Just because a chunk of people agree or disagree about the quality of a product or service doesn't automatically equate to all those people being shills. Sometimes people just agree/disagree about a certain opinion. Everything isn't some giant shill-spiracy.
@_date: 2017-12-31 08:39:24
Based on what i've read. Just moving to wallets (like taking your Bitcoin off of Coinbase or some other exchange nad sending it to your Ledger Nano S or Trezor) isn't a taxable event. That's simply a move like moving your fiat from a checkings account to a savings account. It's only buying, selling and converting/trading that are taxable events because they're actual transactions.
@_date: 2017-12-20 20:03:29
After seeing people here using "tx" all over this sub the last week or so, i only just now figured out it's shorthand for transaction and now i feel ridiculous. Also, thanks for this explanation, i'd been seeing mismatching info on if Gemini supports segwit or not and your explanation makes it make sense why people would be saying both yes and no.
@_date: 2017-12-22 21:43:16
A coworker friend saw an article reporting on this and his reaction was "Omg did Bitcoin/Coinbase crash?!" Like he legitimately thought Bitcoin and Coinbase as a whole had had some catastrophic crash.
@_date: 2017-12-23 02:16:42
From what i can tell. The crypto itself is not since it's decentralized and not really regulated yet, but the way exchanges operate supposedly is and is subject to those laws.
@_date: 2017-12-29 08:00:40
Hell, screw 1 million, i'd be happy getting just a quick 100,000 out of Crypto in the near future. That'd be enough for me to pay off all my debt, live *very* comfortably as a mid 20 something (as in i don't have a mortgage and kids to worry about), while using the remainder for investing (in various things including crypto) and making my money make money. Then i'd try to get to millionaire status from there.
@_date: 2017-12-22 17:05:06
Fear not. It's not my first time investing/taking a financial risk, generally speaking. If i couldn't afford to lose it, i wouldn't have done it.
@_date: 2017-12-18 18:41:38
Why not both? Like it already currently is.
@_date: 2017-12-22 05:41:14
I think it depends on how mild or extreme your debt is. If you're drowning and living paycheck to paycheck. Yeah, playing with crypto shouldn't even be on your radar. But if you have debt, but have a decent enough job where you can get by, make your payments each month, and save a little too (meaning you're a responsible adult who doesn't spend irresponsibly). I don't think there's anything wrong with tossing a little side change at crypto. Long as it's an amount you can afford to lose if it goes south.
@_date: 2017-12-08 16:42:07
This is now going to be my plan. Thanks :)
@_date: 2017-12-14 02:04:48


What exchange would you refer new people to now?
@_date: 2017-12-31 11:13:39


The blockchains these cryptos run on are a public record of every single transaction happening anywhere on any exchange, peer to peer or peer to business. It's anonymous as far as people's identities, but there's a record of where and how much money is moving around.
More specifically though, from what i've read, U.S. based exchanges (like Coinbase) do their own reporting to the IRS. You've seen Coinbases notice on their site stating something to that effect for people who make 20k USD or more in crypto gains a year. In general, the IRS's job is to pay close attention to the math of your money. 
If you randomly get rich out of nowhere and they don't see that you got a higher paying job or whatever else that would cause you to come into money (every single legal thing that would cause you to come into a load of money the IRS would know about because it's all taxable). Then they would be suspicious and audit you. 
It's not so much that they can tell you're specifically hiding crypto transactions and more so just the fact that if you don't report your gains and you come into an of money that doesn't "add up" it'll send up red flags. And when they audit you to find out where that money came from and you can't prove where it came from or afford to pay the taxes with interest. Then you get sued or go to jail for money laundering/tax evasion. So keep detailed records of all your transactions (excluding moving crypto to personal wallets).
The most important information to have is when you bought a crypto, how much the crypto was worth in USD at the time, if you traded it for other crypto and what it was worth in USD at the time, and if you sell the crypto for USD, ultimately giving you how much of a gain or loss you got from it between when you initially bought in and eventually cashed out and that amount is what they would tax.


Also, as far as moving to a personal wallet, that specific thing is not taxable. That's like moving your fiat from a checking account to a savings account. It's only a taxable event if you buy crypto with fiat and then later sell that crypto for fiat, or if you trade one crypto for another crypto.
@_date: 2017-12-31 08:36:18


So the IRS doesn't audit the fuck out of you. If we're being realistic adults about all this and not naive/idealistic. Yes, the goal of crypto is decentralization and being our own banks and what not. I'm right there with you, but until we actually *get there*, we do still have to have our feet in both worlds so to speak and play by the rules of both till one *completely* usurps the other. Exchanges report their transaction histories to the IRS. So if you do not pay your taxes on your gains/losses. There is the possibility that you will get audited. If you get audited or sued and have all your assets taken because you didn't pay your taxes on your crypto gains then you will have no means to contribute to crypto. I'd much rather contribute to crypto the "legal" way and have to pay taxes but get to stick around long enough to eventually have everything in crypto and see it grow than to not pay taxes and risk losing everything when the IRS comes for you and then not be able to contribute to cryptos growth.
@_date: 2018-03-24 03:32:43
Oh please, that internet/gold/air comparison is not at all the same and you know that. There are multiple web browsers, there are multiple ISPs, there are multiple Banks, there are multiple social media platforms. They all do similar things but they have their differences and there is a market and audience/customer base for them all. This is not any different. I could go on, there's multiple of almost everything. Very few things in life only provide one option. If there's no competition then nothing has incentive to get better.


Yes, i know how money works.
@_date: 2018-03-25 20:34:58


Yes, a lot of people here are. Were you not here in December/January when thousands upon thousands of new people all rushed into the crypto space at once (and more still trickling in)? Do not assume anything that happened before that is common knowledge to new people.
@_date: 2018-03-03 23:12:23


Not true. More people will come to the space as it eventually gets more regulated and easier to use for average joes. We're still only just at the very beginning of the user base of cryptocurrencies growing in the grand scheme of things. It obviously will not happen overnight, but there's still *plenty* of people who have yet to get into this who eventually will. More people know about it now because it's in the news more often, but almost all of those people still aren't actually *in* it yet. [We're still only just getting started in all this.](
@_date: 2018-03-24 03:51:51
Zooming way out to just "the one internet" is a cop out to make yourself sound correct. Banks are not the one internet. Are you trying to say various banks are all "the one bank". Is Bitcoin part of "the one bank" since it to, in the grand scheme of things, is still a financial system (though one run by individuals)? Where does it end? By your logic of literally everything all being one it would be. And we all know that's not the case here.  Don't be ridiculous dude. You don't have to personally like alts, but don't pretend like they're all a waste or all redundant or whatever else.
@_date: 2018-03-24 02:53:44


Maybe some do. Those are the people who get scammed by ICOs crap and get tricked by pump and dump groups. As i said though, not every alt is that. That's a silly over generalization. Anyway, i have my list of which ones i think will contribute to the crypto tech space, but i feel like you already have your mind made up about all of them being a waste of time. So i'm not really going to bother listing them for you. I agree though, some of what the other coins can do can and should be built on top of Bitcoin. I love that Bitcoin is layered like that. I think that makes it stronger. However, i also am a firm believer in not putting all your eggs in one basket. So by all means if other developers and tech start ups want to develop other implementations or new protocols or other ways of doing these features then they absolutely should. This is the wild west still and everyone should be trying things and see what does and doesn't work. The legitimate projects in crypto do not hurt Bitcoin in anyway. Same way in fiat there's multiple currencies, there is room for multiple cryptos. Especially since not all of them are trying to be a world currency. Some of them are for more niche uses that are also valid.
@_date: 2018-03-24 04:04:57
I get what you are saying I just strongly disagree with you making up stuff to justify your point, with all the One Internet stuff. Especially when you then didn't have a way to make that metaphor fit the other things I mentioned like Banks that point out the flaw in that logic. So sure, write it off like I'm the one who doesn't get it if you need to.
@_date: 2018-03-24 01:40:02
That's not the case for every alt, i'm no idiot, i'm well aware most alts will fail and a lot of them are speculative projects, that's why you do your own research and buy what you think is worth the buy. That was never up for debate. Obviously there are scam ICOs but some alt coins do have purpose. And the problem adding fiat pairs solves is the tax issue in the U.S. of crypto to crypto trades all being taxable events which makes doing taxes extremely complicated. Less taxable transactions makes for less hoops to jump through when doing taxes later. I love Bitcoin too but i won't be naive and stick my head in the sand to the other tech that is being worked on out there in the crypto space whether 95% of it fails or that 5% succeeds. Whatever happens, i'm here for it.
@_date: 2018-03-15 00:46:58


No i don't have it backwards. I never said Gen Z came before Gen X or Y. We just disagree on when the cut off years are as well as on if Gen Z and Millenials are the same generation or not.
@_date: 2018-02-09 02:12:55
He called Ethereum a scam coin in the reply to this Tweet. I know we love Bitcoin, but come on, that's just over the top.
@_date: 2018-02-05 07:47:08
I have a separate BoA savings account that i put extra money into to buy on Coinbase (and then send to GDAX and then to Binance). I just bought some BTC and ETH this week. BoA and most of the other big banks don't have issues with crypto buying if it's right from your account. Credit cards is an issue because that's technically not your money. Credit is a loan the bank gives you and when you get a credit card you technically agree to their rules on how it's spent. That isn't the case with a savings/checking account because that's truly your money. Sometimes an exchange might trigger anti-fraud security at your bank and that usually seems to be why they cancel a transaction. No one should be buying crypto with credit cards. This is how you get into massive credit card debt.
@_date: 2018-02-15 06:25:57


That's exactly what they're saying. They're making a comparison so people who don't know what this is have a point of reference for what this feature is. They aren't saying PayPal is involved. Just that it functions the same way the "Pay with PayPal" button on a lot of websites works.
@_date: 2018-03-23 23:20:37
I really hope that's what ends up being the case. The current U.S. tax law making every crypto to crypto trade a taxable event is quite the hassle. So if Binance was able to offer USD to crypto pairs across the board, that'd make life so much easier.
@_date: 2018-03-14 21:34:59
They aren't the same thing. Millenials are 1985-ish to 1995ish. Gen Z is 1995ish to 2005ish. Millenials are full grown adults in their mid 20s to mid 30s now. Gen Z is in high school and college now.
@_date: 2018-02-16 06:05:13
I agree. I totally understand she probably had to clear this with a boss or two to even be allowed to do this segment and she only had about 2 and half minutes, but she probably could have thrown in a "but if you lose it it can be recovered if you set it up correctly" line and left it at that and that would have completely covered the security aspect of the wallets. Otherwise i think she did a really good 3 Minutes or Less Bitcoin Crash Course injected with some humor for her audience/demographic.
@_date: 2018-02-16 02:29:17
She's really good at that. She has fun with everything without poking fun *at* it usually. Even when she does truly dump on something like stuff Trump does, she's usually smart/classy about it.
@_date: 2018-03-15 01:04:48
Similar to what you said give or take 5 years. I think this is ultimately an issue of semantics. In the majority of articles and discussions i've seen on the generations. Millennials and Generation Z (the young generation after millennials) are not the same generation. And there also isn't a generally decided upon name for Gen Z yet either. I've seen them called the iGen (first gen basically born with iPhones already in hand) and this that and the other. So i'm seeing now the disagreement here is largely from you feeling that Millenials = Gen Z and the generation that you would say is 2010 to the present is some other thing. A few years ago, before this younger generation started maturing, i'd never heard anyone anywhere refer to Millenials as Generation Z. It was always just Millennials. Then in more recent years, now that we've got this younger generation in high school and in college maturing and starting to have their own identity as a generation, that's when i've started seeing Gen Z/iGen/this and that terms getting used. So i've always seen them as separate generations. So that's where i'm coming from, if that makes sense.
@_date: 2018-02-15 06:50:34


Again, it being for or not for Bitcoiners doesn't matter. And not everyone in this sub is a professional Bitcoiner. It doesn't matter that this functionality isn't new. The amount of people it is new to is what matters. The whole point is to increase adoption, awareness, and increase widespread use and that's what this is helping to do. Why do you see that as a bad thing just because it's not written in an overly techy holier than thou manner catered to people who already know what this means? People who don't know what Bitcoin/crypto is might see this when they go to checkout on a site and wonder what it is and look into it. It's just another way for people to be introduced to these concepts. There's literally no downside to comparing it to the Pay with PayPal button. It's a completely fair comparison to make. It's not at all inaccurate.
@_date: 2018-02-05 19:33:32
I know. To put it more accurately with what i meant. Kids today are too young to know his full music career. Most of them only first heard of him in 2013 when he came back to music with his third album. They'd be far too young to know his N-Sync stuff or even the early years of his solo career from 2002-2007. He took a big 4 year break to pursue acting and that gap is where the generational divide on how well one would know JT is. So i think that's why that kid in the gif wasn't all freaking out like older people around him where. He isn't old enough to grasp exactly how big a name in pop JT is cause he isn't aware of the full scope of his career accomplishments.
@_date: 2018-02-16 02:30:45
Her show averages almost 3 million viewers per episode. Her show is the second most watched daytime talk show on tv right now i believe (i think Dr. Phil is the only one that beats her according to the shows Wiki page).
@_date: 2018-02-05 07:30:06
The Super Bowl Halftime show. Justin Timberlake was performing. Went up into the audience and this kid was awkwardly standing there amongst the dancing crowd not knowing what to do and trying to take a selfie with Justin (who he is likely too young to even know who Justin Timberlake is).
@_date: 2018-02-12 04:17:31
Bitcoin isn't the only coin that can technically use Lightning Network. I saw on the r/cryptocurrency sub a while back there was a post about some other coin i can't remember was considering implementing it as well. I only remember this because people were praising it and i was calling someone out on how it's hypocritical how that sub will shit on Bitcoin for trying to implement upgrades/solutions but when another coin uses the same upgrade/solution it gets praise. I'll see if i can go back and find the post.
EDIT: 
Yeah basically Lightning Network isn't exclusive to Bitcoin. Other coins, should they choose to implement it, could/can use it to.
@_date: 2018-02-15 07:00:51
You just ignored what I said. The fact that the functionality isn't new is not at all inportant. Who does something first does not matter. The ones that help make it stick are what matters. People know the name Coinbase. People know and already use Shopify. People know the Pay with PayPal button. Avergae Joe's understand the comparison. That's why it's relevant to new people. This is also news for further steps in wider adoption of Bitcoin. Whether that's conveyed with layman's terms or techy terms ***does not matter***. Which is why it's relevant to Bitcoiners like ourselves. Which circles back to why the audience the article is intended for doesn't matter. Because this news is for *everyone*. Newbs and Bitcoin veterans alike. It's not super technical but it is news of another avenue for a larger number of people to start using Bitcoin for it's intended purpose as currency. That makes it relevant to this sub.
@_date: 2018-02-23 00:28:52
People who get upset about how other people use HODL (Even though both ways people use it mean the same fucking thing, don't sell), need to grow up.
@_date: 2018-02-15 06:36:18
The button being a piece of HTML doesn't matter at all. The more important thing is that paying with Bitcoin/Ethereum/Litecoin is right there as an equally viable option alongside the Pay With PayPal button via this Coinbase/Shopify feature. That's why the Pay with PayPal button is name dropped. What audience this article is trying to appeal to isn't relevant. It's just trying to highlight that this is a step toward adoption. Which if you want to talk about audiences. users are already in. It's the average joe who would need these layman's terms and comparisons who need to adopt still. The fact that it's a Medium article doesn't mean it's solely trying to appeal to r/Bitcoin users. Also, considering not everyone here is a crypto-veteran (we still have newbies coming in daily). I don't think it's out of place for the layman's comparison to be used here and posted to this sub.
@_date: 2018-02-09 02:49:23
Ethereum is not responsible for other third parties creating scam tokens. That's a product of decentralization and there not being a governing body to say what is and isn't allowed (that's the whole reason why we're all so hyped that dude from the SEC hearing spoke positively of Crypto, is specifically so they can step in and stop scam ICOs). That's no fault of Ethereum's tech. Which again is why i compare it to the purposefully silly example of blaming BTC for the creation of BCH. Whether it's a fork or a token isn't relevant.
@_date: 2018-02-06 00:15:18
All other things the same. Coinbase having implemented segwit sooner wouldn't have changed anything about this dip happening.
@_date: 2018-02-09 02:35:25
By that logic, Bitcoin is also a scam coin because it spawned it's own series of scam fork coins like BCH. We all know that's a ridiculous claim. Just because scam coins have spawned from Ethereum doesn't make Ethereum's underlying tech invalid. Dislike Ethereum, sure, but i don't believe it's accurate at all to call it a scam coin. Bitcoin is even working on it's own version of Smart Contracts (in RSK). So it clearly has merit to it.
@_date: 2018-03-20 21:54:50
The problem still persists for a reason. If it was super easy to make them impossible to do, it'd have been a thing already.
@_date: 2018-02-22 03:07:05
There's a third part to the pattern you listed. The times when BTC is relatively stable, alts usually go up.
@_date: 2018-02-17 01:09:52
She used a comedic bit to try to introduce Bitcoin to her audience. The goal wasn't to explain in-depth details (And if she did they would have tuned out).
@_date: 2018-02-05 19:22:03
Kids know who he is cause like you said he's still very active. I just mean they wouldn't have the full scope of his history. They'd probably know only his recent stuff from the last couple years i'd imagine. Not only do they likely not know 90's N-Sync, they probably don't know early solo career 2002-2007 Justin Timberlake. Then he took like 4 years off from music to pursue acting, not including a couple guest appearances or producing other artist's songs behind the scenes. Then he came back in 2013 with his third album and that's probably when today's kids who are in high school now likely would have first heard of him.
@_date: 2018-02-07 00:29:20
Why is everyone so against it being both? Anyway, It's easier to explain it to a group of old men as an acronym than it is for him to explain to them the concept of memes. Besides, the acronym people use it as means the same thing the meme does any way. Hold and don't sell. So why is everyone so "NO IT'S NOT AN ACRONYM IT'S A MEME!" about it when both mean the same thing anyway?
@_date: 2018-04-07 06:31:24
I didn't. The commenter i quoted did, and they did so because Elizabeth Stark brought it up. I see it all the time here on the sub and other places, so i wanted to ask why it's a big deal.
@_date: 2018-04-06 23:25:40


I still don't understand why this is such a big deal to people. Regardless of the fact that it started as just a funny misspelling (all the more reason why it shouldn't bother people as much as it seems to). The acronym some people have used it for carries the same overall idea of holding onto your coins (whether it's to support the tech or keep your investment, end result is the same). So why do people get so in a tizzy about how it started when the overall idea is the same? Not trying to start shit, it just really seems like such a trivial thing that people get really bothered by when there's way more important things going on.
@_date: 2018-04-07 00:06:43
That makes sense. I figured it was basically that "I was in crypto before it was cool" mentality, but i was hoping it was something deeper haha.
@_date: 2018-04-07 06:52:46
Definitely. I guess it just doesn't make sense to me why something so trivial isn't allowed to take on a life of it's own or evolve to be able to equally correlate to both meanings. In most other communities about anything, little in-jokes or memes change over time or take on added contexts and that's pretty normal, but for some reason people want hodl to only be the thing it originally was and are really against it taking on an added context. It's just really strange. If it was a Bitcoin tech term that actually referred to something that does have a definitive definition, i'd totally get it.