@_author: y_u_no_backtest
@_date: 2013-12-30 22:50:13
I hear ya.
A closer analogy to what I had in mind might be that instead of adding a half-cent piece they instead redefined a dollar as being comprised of fifty cents. Or two hundred. 
Miners and devs could literally redefine the make-up of a BTC in one or more directions. Satoshis could be subdivided and/or the amount of Satoshis comprising a BTC could be changed, both with interesting effects. (Mostly perceptual but surely some real.)
I should have been clearer in illustrating that side of it. Apologies.
@_date: 2013-12-31 20:39:04
You told me that I conceded a point. Since I hadn't, I said so in my response. What the actual fuck is up with the reading comprehension on this subreddit? It's either that or I am simply allowing myself to be trolled. Either way, this is my last post on it.
@_date: 2013-12-30 21:13:44
Yup, and I've updated my comment to note the aspect of demand, as my comment was more oriented around the (interesting to me, at least) decisions behind the reward schedule as it may or may not relate to factors such as other currencies.
@_date: 2013-12-31 20:14:42
No one said that one needed to produce Laws. What I said was that one needs to produce Laws _or_ undertake activities that actually qualify as scientific empiricism.
Apologies if my admitted tendency towards run-on sentences (with lots of asides in parentheses) broke your reading comprehension. ;)
@_date: 2013-12-30 22:42:04
I was drawing on a bit of an extreme, admittedly, but unfortunately it is necessary because the kinds of proclamations most frequently made by economists would require a statistical significance of Earths before anything could be considered empirical.
As for the two sciences you mention, both have their unanswered questions, and I am more than happy to admit that climate science in particular is subject to more than a little manipulation and spin in either direction as desired from one moment to the next by various parties with skin in the game. That aside for the moment, however, economics is not even remotely in the same league as either of your mentioned sciences, particularly when it comes to the sheer amount of solid scientific foundation upon which they are built and upon which economics can and will never be. There is just no comparison, except of course to those people who willfully or ignorantly distort the very definition of science. As but one example: The "oh, that's just a theory" folks.
In any case, I am happy to agree to disagree on this topic, as I doubt either of us has the time or inclination to take it any further.
@_date: 2013-12-30 21:10:18
Empirically grounded?
Unless you are in the habit of establishing economic Laws by formal proof alone, please let me know when you or anyone have rounded up a statistically significant number of Earths on which to perform empirical studies of economic theory. We'll be waiting. Until then, economics is not science.
@_date: 2013-12-31 20:53:51
You know, I wasn't going to reply, and this really is my last one, but I am going to because you are a fucking idiot with terrible reading comprehension and I won't have you repeatedly twisting my words. Go re-read my comment, you know the one where I admit that my example was extreme but state that it was necessary. There is zero concession in that statement. I am done here.
@_date: 2013-12-31 20:11:57
Sadly though, the most common, most hard-line, most unquestioned statements made by economists are not nor will they ever be science because they lack one very specific quality: not just hypotheses but _falsifiable_ hypotheses. And at the scale their statements are being made, such hypotheses would require additional Earths in order to enable falsifiability. I conceded nothing on that point.
Grand claims require grand evidence. And in order for those claims and evidence to qualify as science certain requirements must be met. Not all of economics fails to meet these requirements. Just the largest, most dangerous claims, as it turns out in practice.
I am not sure if we would agree on this or not, but at this point I see no value in persisting in the face of what appears to be some strange combination of violent agreement on some points and crossing wires entirely on others.
@_date: 2013-12-30 20:18:57
No disagreement from me on that point.
@_date: 2013-12-30 20:28:03
As a potentially interesting side note: If we ignore for the moment the aspects of lost coin and increased demand, Bitcoin would stop inflating and become deflationary at an age not far from the lifespans of some of the longer-lived historical world reserve currencies. ;) I would love to know how Satoshi went about choosing the specific parameter values and whether or not they had any kind of "lifespan" in mind like that.
EDIT: not that it matters, of course, since a single BTC is just a convenient amount of Satoshis and since those in turn can be subdivided (or the reverse, as unlikely as that might be) at the whims of the (devs and) miners, inflating or deflating the currency at will. In much the same manner, the block reward schedule could equally be altered, so all of this is going to depend on the collective best interests of the miners.
@_date: 2013-12-30 19:51:38
For going on four years now it has done well for anyone that bought at any time, including the tops, so long as they held for at least, what, 6 to 8 months? If that trend holds, and there is nothing to suggest at the moment that it won't, then even 1200 was still a good buy as long as you hold until mid-year. Note that I am not someone who bought at that point, so it is not as if I'm trying to rationalize it after-the-fact.
It is true that if you want your store of value to be instantly convertible then this won't apply to you, but luckily most of those embracing this technology have a longer-term perspective, as much as that might result in stretching the terminology a little for practical use.