@_author: yabbadabbadoo123
@_date: 2015-05-28 03:02:54
LOL, he is a smart guy...its so obvious that he's deliberately creating flawed analogies.  He can't even create a clever fallacy.
A more accurate analogy given his framework is that every time the person passes the $50 bill, he must also throw $1 up in the air where it is blown away (collected by credit card companies).  So $50 becomes $49, then $48, etc.
But with Bitcoin, the person can pass the full $50 over and over to the next guy in line.
Of course, his analogy completely ignores value creation, so the above Bitcoin analogy ignores it too.
Let's modify the analogy to have each person produce a unique item once per round.  This represents people's productivity, which is ultimately based on the energy input by the sun into the system.
Everybody passes all the stuff they are holding to the LEFT, while passing the money to the RIGHT.
If you have 50 people, then after 50 rounds with fiat everybody has one of everything and no money.  The wind blew it all away (all chewed up in CC fees).
If you do the same thing with Bitcoin (assuming zero txn fees -- they ARE very possible), everybody ends up with one of everything and just as much Bitcoin as they started out with!  Surprisingly this simple analogy makes economic sense.  Every actor is producing the same value, so although the $ circulates everyone ultimately ends up with the same amount as everyone else.
@_date: 2015-05-27 16:42:46
can you provide a link with more info this sounds very interesting...
@_date: 2015-05-28 03:15:20
This is a cool thing.  I haven't had a chance to try it yet (I use firefox) but there should be a dislike button which reduces your tip to zero, and a like button which increases the tip amount.  You should also be able to basically set the value of your recreational time per hour (the default if the "like" or "dislike" button is not clicked).  In other words, you can choose to pay out 10c per hour (for example).  That amount is basically "in the noise" for most first world internet participants but at the same time would really add up to something for content getting 1M view-minutes for example.
@_date: 2015-05-27 16:35:48
PSA: jstolfi is Jorge Stolfi, a computer science professor at State University in Campinas (Brazil). Try wikipedia.  I'm guessing his paycheck depends to some degree on the viability of BRL and the government.
And don't accuse me of "outing" him; his user name IS his real name so he clearly doesn't care.
@_date: 2015-05-27 17:17:56
That reason being when the sh*t hits the fan and the BRL (and other currencies) tanks like Venezuela, we don't have to stop you all from starving?
But seriously, diversification is a sound strategy and diversification into a global currency that can easily pay for international goods (easy to transfer) is a pretty good choice (And yes I have some coins).
On the other hand, as volumes in Brazil have risen your trolling has grown increasingly shrill and non-fact-based.  As you well know, you don't have to trust anyone to hold your BTC on your behalf if you don't want to.  Yet you persist in misleading posts that imply that you need to.