@_author: yakovsaveonsend
@_date: 2015-03-05 20:51:51
Innovation is awesome, and bitcoin is groundbreaking... but Abra presentation (youtu.be/gr0kKwbMs5o) is borderline humorous: "I wanna talk to you about Mexican immigrant named Bill" "human tellers with smart phones in remote villages"...
If there is a human in a world who has to "drive 2.5 hours" to the nearest cash agent (Western Union has 500,000 locations btw), there cannot be a business model to have "human teller" in that person's home "village" and still make money - localizaton, wireless data, customer service, all to serve 100 people who live there? Check out the existing remittance margins with our app: SaveOnSend.com; there are already 10+ global players with "Uber for remittances". How can "human tellers" compete with their scale?
@_date: 2015-03-03 03:58:30
Too early to tell. There is a huge promise of bitcoin-blockchain-Ripple-type innovation, but we are in very early stages of some initial pilots like Hong-Kong-to-Philippines. Need to work through legal-compliance issues plus the financial downside of double-currency-conversation of a presently very volatile currency (hence, higher spread)
Btw, you are asking the key question which creates an on-going heated debate: for companies like Western Union, Xoom, TransferWise, the back-end costs are relatively minor and are not presenting big issues. Operational costs and fraud are mostly related to employees and customers. Margins are already squeezed as you are describing (and TransferWise is not even the cheapest - check our app, SaveOnSend.com for margins out of USA) while more well-funded startups are entering the space. So it is not clear if a) there will a substantial value left to disrupt in couple years, b) what newest innovation could do radically different than WU Digital already does
Couple more nuances
- "mass public": as you probably know, overall, 80+% of retail remittance volume is still sent via cash agents. Online share is much larger for certain top corridors like USA-India and overall trend is obviously moving online, but it is not changing fast. (As some analogy, plastic cards were started 50 years ago, but people still pay cash for 20% transactions in Northern Europe to 70% in Russia)
- TransferWise's p2p model: it sounds awesome, but there is a practical aspect of huge dis-balances in retail remittance flows. So being true p2p means to cut available market by the order of magnitude... and that is probably not what TransferWise's investors have in mind.
@_date: 2015-02-15 22:09:00
In a few years, we will hopefully stop comparing a blockchain vs. non-blockhain models as the blockchain becomes an ubiquitous underlying protocol (a-la “Internet”). In the meantime, we could look at this question from a more narrow perspective: for remittances originating and ending in fiat currencies, what would make a bitcoin-blockchain-based approach less expensive when compared to existing online models (Western Union Digital, Xoom, TransferWise, etc.)? 
If a bitcoin-based approach is only different in how it moves funds across countries and how it records details of transactions, two conditions would need to be met: a) costs of those specific back-end processes need to be a substantial component of a provider’s P&amp;L, b) existing providers approach those processes in a substantially inefficient manner. Neither of those seems to be the case: existing providers spend a lion share of their costs on customer engagement, service, and compliance and their back-end processes are built on highly-scalable platforms. Fraud is the major issue in the remittance industry (recent example:  , but it is not clear why a bitcoin-based provider might be much better at preventing a similar type of “employee impersonation” fraud.
But even if we assume that a bitcoin-based provider has a significant cost advantage, would it have enough pricing space to position “price” as its main differentiation?  built a simple remittance costs estimator across most popular providers so you could play with different combinations and see for yourself how low the total costs of remittances already is. For example, plug in $2,500 from USA to Philippines, USD-to-USD, or same amount but for USA to China, either USD-to-USD or USD-to-CNY. Pretty close to zero?! These two corridors are in Top-5 globally by the remittance volume, and competition from even non-bitcoin-based providers is only intensifying...
@_date: 2015-02-26 23:53:08
I am all for bitcoin and just launched a comparison portal to lower the remittance costs, but I found it ineffective so far when we present to users an inaccurate information like numbers in this infographic. It actually costs only $3 to send $2,999 for USD-to-USD from USA to Philippines via Western Union (or 0.1% margin). If you want to send USD to PHP, Ria does it for 0.3% margin (check out various options at our free portal:  
I am speaking with our users daily and a great majority of them like their existing providers and don't feel ripped off. Even when I show them a potential savings, many tend to stick with a more expensive provider or a payment method, because, again, they are used to a certain approach and like the experience.
It seems to be a commonly accepted notion that Western Union has high "rates." In reality, they are usually not the least expensive but also not the most expensive provider vs. its main competitors. For top remittance destinations out of US, their margins (fee + FX markup) could vary 1-10%, quickly declining for larger amounts
So far, I came across 4 reasons for why Western Union is perceived that way
- historically, their margins were much higher: but so of the other players, and the industry margins have declined significantly in the last decade
- they continue to apply higher margins for smaller countries (e.g., Serbia) and smaller amounts: "100% margin" sounds sensational, but how many people are looking to send only $5 to a remote country?
- they charge higher margins for sending money via a cash agent network: to answer your question, this channel has an understandably much higher cost structure
The last point is played up a lot by newer, online-mobile-only remittance providers. Some of them are conveniently comparing their online margins with Western Union's offline margins to showcase a huge savings. But Western Union has a very capable online arm, called Digital and their rates tend to be competitive
- Western Union charges much more in UK where market is less competitive and banks play a bigger role in remittances
@_date: 2015-02-16 02:13:31
TransferWise has an innovative model by making all money on fees rather than a typical split of fees + FX markup. The company started in USA relatively recently but is already covering two of Top-5 USA corridors: USA-India and USA-Philippines (those are also top-10 global corridors). As others mentioned in this thread, TransferWise has been limited so far in its sending and receiving methods (it also doesn’t transfer USD-to-USD which is an option for top destinations like China and Philippines), but let's focus just on its price in those 2 corridors: in both cases, for up to $3K amounts, TransferWise is in top-3 but not the least expensive provider. Ria and sometimes other providers would have a lower total costs depending on the transfer amount. How is it possible if TransferWise doesn’t make any money on the FX markup? It is because few other providers have low enough total cost (fee + FX markup) vs. TransferWise. Above $3K, one should also start looking into a wire transfer as USA banks’ standard $35-45 fee is quickly becoming a smaller portion of an increasing send amount while TransferWise’s fee for those corridors stays 0.7-1% depending on the amount. 
So by itself, TransferWise doesn’t seem to be a “game changer” for the remittance industry so far, but maybe it has something else under its sleeves (acquisitions, price wars, loyalty-referral programs, etc.). In the meantime, you could play around with various options and compare providers at 
@_date: 2015-02-16 00:48:37
$5.31 is pretty good! Just keep in mind that Western Union is not the least expensive provider for USA-to-Mexico. For exactly $100 transfer, Ria and Transfast are currently less expensive than Western Union. You could play with various combos here: 
@_date: 2015-02-15 23:54:38
The gap would be closed when somebody figures out how to use a blockchain technology to enable companies like Western Union - its CIO seems open to such idea: 
@_date: 2015-02-27 19:43:25
ABA: The Gift That Keeps On Giving more reasons for banks to be hated as an archetype of crony capitalism and plutocracy
Why is this a concern for ABA right now? 2 primary use cases for bitcoin usage: remittances and merchant acceptance are still in the infantile stage AND banks are not active in those spaces anyway. We would love to add a bicoin player to our remittance comparison portal, SaveOnSend.com, but are still waiting for the first one to reach a basic maturity. 
Let's let technology evolve a bit before stifling startups with huge compliance and liquidity costs! And if banks are suddently worried about consumers’ well-being, please forward complaints to your dear friends at 