@_author: yanbool
@_date: 2014-11-16 13:11:06
Universal Crowd-Funding Investments S.A.L (U.C.I S.A.L) Recently Launched Its Crowd Sale and a Crypto Currency Backed by Real Assets and Now is Looking to Establish a Branch in Switzerland
Universal Crowd-Funding Investments S.A.L
November 12, 2014 5:56 PM
BEIRUT, Nov. 12, 2014 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- UCI, a registered company that has offices in London, UK, is rapidly developing into a fully recognisable brand that closely manages shares and assets with integrity, both offline and online. UCI is fast becoming prominent for its crowd funding activities, allowing intuitive and attractive campaigns to generate funds to help start-ups become a reality. What distinguishes UCI from other crowd funding sources is their ability to keep clients' finances secure, with every investor's funds being fully insured.
Furthermore, UCI has created a new crypto currency called UCIcoin, backed by the real assets of the company, thus generating a sturdy and reliable business foundation. UCI has been extremely successful in the short to medium term and, with this early success, is planning to seek new offices in Europe. An opportunity has arisen to fully establish itself in the Swiss market and they are now in a transitional stage to convert to a Swiss Trusted Company. This will better position them for further developments in the coming months, particularly in the financial markets.
Currently, UCI is placing emphasis on newly released products to market in the form of Bitcoin ATM Kiosks and Point of Sale (PoS) systems. With their partners, they launched the first two way bitcoin ATM in the UK and the European markets. Moreover, UCI recently helped Diamond Circle Australia (DC) by funding them to launch their first two way cashless bitcoin ATM. The funding helped the company grow in stature and achieve its initial goals, while winning over from competitors with very little resistance.
With its passion to keep the environment clean and a persistent drive to become the market leader in their field, UCI has already taken several steps in this direction. As a global representative of HydroInfra Technologies (HIT), a Swedish Public Limited Company (PLC) producing anti-pollution products, they own some 3 million shares with HIT for the backing of the coin. They have significant shareholdings in DC and now, to further reinforce the reliability and stability of UCIcoin through assets and funds, the company is seeking crowd funding throughout November.
Having demonstrated success and reliability in the past the company is confident that this new venture will reap great benefits for the users and investors who fund and support their cause. It is hoped and expected that there will be numerous benefits for the backers of the coin.
For further information please contact antoun.toubia or see 
Website: 