@_author: yandziak
@_date: 2019-12-18 06:29:59
John, co-founder of Escher here.  You nailed it - explained better than I could :)
Note that this version of the demo does not yet show depositing directly to a lightning channel yet - in this case we are sending to a base layer BTC wallet address.  
Our next version, coming out in a couple weeks, will have lightning functionality enabled. We're just testing out the final details on launching and maintaining our nodes and opening channels with users.  
Once launched we plan to support instant deposits to both lightning channel and base layer BTC addresses.
@_date: 2019-12-18 06:56:46
Thanks! As mentioned below, our website is indeed [
You can also follow along with our Twitter at [ If you shoot us a DM there we can sign you up for our Beta testers list to try out the app early.  
Full launch on the App Store is on track for early Q1 2020.
@_date: 2019-12-18 06:19:37
Hi, John, co-founder of Escher here - thanks for sharing out the video and spreading the word!
You got it - Escher is a way to buy and sell Bitcoin instantly via Zelle integration with your US bank account.  Because Zelle transfers are free to users and instantly settled we are able to keep costs low and deposit Bitcoin to your wallet in seconds.
In this case, the counterparty for the demo trade was one of Escher's company accounts, since for a buy you would be sending a Zelle transfer to Escher, and Escher would be sending you BTC in return.  Hence why the email confirmation pops up for the Zelle transfer (this wouldn't happen during normal use but we wanted to show that funds are actually moving).
@_date: 2019-12-18 06:41:49
Citibank account holder here - guilty as charged!  
For this trade the counterparty is Escher, and we wanted to show that real funds are actually being sent over Zelle to a bank account.  In a normal purchase, this Zelle notification step would not appear, you would just have your bank account deducted the corresponding amount and the BTC deposited to your wallet address or lightning channel - all within seconds.
Our next demo will include sell BTC functionality, which should make this step more clear.  In that case, Escher would be sending a Zelle transfer to your banking account for the BTC sold.