@_author: yanksavs18
@_date: 2014-01-28 20:05:37
They charge 10% to cash a check because all it takes to commit fraud is signing your name to a check without enough money in your account. Bouncing checks or placing a stop on them is pretty common and they need the fees to cover any losses and expenses they may incur from it. Someone else would cash checks for cheaper if this wasn't the case
@_date: 2014-01-30 01:16:27
I dont see the carbon footprint as a problem. First, there hasn't been any warming in over a decade and the IPCC models are about to fall out of their confidence intervals, so the whole issue of climate change was overblown. Second, the climate model results are entirely dependent on the discount rate which is arbitrary (and extremely low). Changing the discount rate by small percentages radically changes the results. Third, the models display the fallaciousness of projecting current trends into the indefinite future. Its easy to see the problem with taking what's going on today and assuming it will continue hundreds of years into the future. We can't predict what technology will come onto the market 5 years from now let alone hundreds of years into the future, some of which will help decrease carbon emissions. 10 years ago no one could have predicted bitcoin and the far-ranging effects it would have in the economy. On a side note, we see this in bitcoin when its assumed the difficulty rating will double every X days, when in reality it could very well slow (or more than double). Its a good assumption to make for profitability calculations to be conservative, but it also shouldnt be assumed. Fourth, as technology moves forward, the costs to reduce carbon emissions will become cheaper and it doesn't make sense to say that we should spend enormous sums now  to reduce the carbon footprint when humanity will be better equipped to deal with the problem in the future (regarding carbon emissions generally).
I'm not saying we shouldn't look for ways to decrease or eliminate the arbitrary power consumption and heat generation bitcoin creates, since more efficient technology is always desirable, but the whole carbon footprint thing should be a non issue at this point.
@_date: 2014-01-30 00:26:57
While in theory governments could take their currencies more seriously because of bitcoin, I don't think governments 'seeing the light' is realistic. Taking their currency seriously means they have to cut back on the welfare state, void alot of promises, and make a lot of people angry in the process. What would special interests do without their handouts?
@_date: 2014-01-31 01:08:22
My point, mostly is that the models governing the predictions of climate change are arbitrary and useless. Again, the models' predictions Are wholly dependent on the discount rates used. And these are the models governing policy. If government policy is determined by arbitrarily low discount rates and a model which is about to fail, I see that as a huge problem. The problem isn't with past data, the problem is with basing government policies designed to mitigate carbon emissions on models which can't accurately predict climate change. The models generally assume a pretense of knowledge about earth's climate which we do no (yet) have. And frankly, the highest discount rate was eliminated from the IPCC models recently, which is an extremely dishonest attempt by the government to continue to justify carbon emissions policies by removing unflattering predictions that would not support their policies. Scientists have made plenty of dire predictions about the world by extrapolating (then) current trends into the indefinite future, but yet these predictions continue to fail because current trends are not an accurate predictor of future ones. I can't see the justification in imposing substantial costs on society based on the failing IPCC models. There can't be a cost benefit analysis when we cannot possibly know the costs or benefits.