@_author: yatsehitter
@_date: 2014-07-10 22:05:47
I am also surveying members of the general public as well and performing a comparison between bitcoin enthusiasts/ early adopters/ experts and the general public. If I was just going to target the Bitcoin community I probably would have gone into a bit more depth than I did. However, because I was wanting to compare attitudes of different groups I decided it was better to try it this way and use one survey for everyone. Hopefully it was the right decision! Thanks 
@_date: 2014-07-12 12:38:05
Thanks mate, all responses are greatly appreciated! All the best, Mark
@_date: 2014-07-10 22:00:02
Thanks for all the comments and taking the time to complete the survey - i'm blown away by all the responses I've gotten so far.
All your comments have been really helpful, the constructive criticisms are brilliant and exactly the sort of stuff that I've been thinking about while researching my thesis.
The plan is to have the survey live for 2 weeks (it's been up for 3 hours now), so I'll be analysing it soon after that and writing it all up. After that I will definitely ensure that I post my results for people to read.
Yeah I've got multiple groups that I'm surveying to try and account for bias. I'm also planning on interviewing some businesses that accept or are considering accepting bitcoin and I'm doing some analysis on secondary research as well.
Once again a sincere thank you to you all
@_date: 2014-07-17 20:36:22
Hi everyone,
Thank you so much to those who have already completed my dissertation survey. I've had some great responses so far!
If you haven't and wouldn't mind spending 5 minutes going through it then I would be massively grateful!
One thing I have noticed is there are some incomplete surveys, especially for the Bitcoin questions. If you have taken the survey and answered Yes to the question "Have you heard about Bitcoin before?" then there are a few questions specific to Bitcoin to complete. If you think that applies to you and you are up for completing it then that would be great. Unfortunately I can't use incomplete surveys so I'm hoping that you'll be up for answering the Bitcoin questions so I can use your response!
Many thanks once again,
@_date: 2014-07-12 12:38:07
Thanks mate that's great, yeah I definitely will once all data collections done and I've analysed the results. Thanks
@_date: 2014-07-12 12:41:09
Thanks for completing it mate, that's great. I'm submitting in little over a month so won't be changing it now but thanks for the suggestion, it's always good to get differing opinions on the matter!
All the best, Mark