@_author: yawlife
@_date: 2014-08-15 03:41:22
Well, I'm not a kid with a completely unworkable idea. I mentioned it's past the idea phase, and I work a full time job, yet work on this on the way to/from work, on my breaks, and on evenings and weekends. I understand your scepticism, after all I should assume as much showing anything "unproven" to the internet. But I have faced many events in this world which have caused me to be extremely determined and passionate. It's changing the world that fuels me to create this. Working solely for money will only get you so far, it's working on the basis of ambitions and the way money and people together can influence mass change that makes striving for goals attainable. It's what makes it worth it because in the darkest of times it's what'll keep you going. That's part of the point of the video, to get across what fuels me, and how important that is to me and how that will ultimately ensure this sees the light of day and blossoms into something beautiful that grows with the changing times.
I bring to the table skills in UI/UX/Design, marketing, management, writing, and connections. I'm putting myself out there because creating a successful company by yourself doesn't really work.
@_date: 2014-08-14 23:54:51
As someone who, in fact, has had their ideas stolen in the past, I don't just post it publicly for anyone to see. If people are truly interested, people that watch the video and agree with the things within, then those are the people I'd want to work with. If a potential co-founder can't spend a couple minutes understanding the vision then I don't particularly want that person on my team. 
Therefore this is meant for people serious about making a difference while building a lasting company. Those are the people who I spend my time explaining things in greater detail (and showing them design progress, etc). And I did mention some aspects of the project in the video.
@_date: 2016-07-02 00:22:00
How is this "vaporware PR bullshit?" I just wrote an article on how I believed we could have a world democracy where everyone has a voice. No need to get mad at me for "rapidly destroying any value has..." That's going a bit far... I am just intrigued by blockchain and wrote a passionate article on it, so I'd appreciate if you don't take it the wrong way and respect our differences in opinion, if that be the case, rather than calling it bad content.
@_date: 2016-07-01 02:34:25
Hence why I said in the article: 


@_date: 2016-07-01 02:35:37
I wouldn't expect it to happen right away. We still need to work out the kinks. As I said in the article: 

