@_author: yaz198
@_date: 2018-01-24 17:38:02
Hi All,
This is to warn you all who just thinking to take any of James Altucher subscription.
He he is totally running a scam , definitely he was appeared in CNBC,CNN and other News Channel and he is cashing the same thing.
I joined his Crypto Trader on Dec 4 , 2018 during his live webcast where he promised so many things but nothing is true. I dumped my $2000 on his innocent face but not regret over my decision.Actually his subscription is not worth of $20 .
Whatever recommendation he is giving anyone can get for free in twitter and a way earlier then he recommendation, also his Top 1% Microcap advisory is full of shit .Every thing is RED over there except one recommendation.
He claimed to be himself as website of HBO and other big companies in late 90's during the Internet boom but his team was not able to handle my subscription and since then I asking them to refund my money but they are not responding very well and asking me to change my subscription to other news letter.
Here is the issue :
1. During the Dec 4 webcast they mentioned that they will announce first 100 subscriber to first crypto event they will organize but I am asking them to open the name of those winners but they are not responding to that.
2. They changed my password with out my knowledge and when  email them than I got new password.
3. Top 1% Microcap advisory is total shot , generally during this kind of subscription there avg. rate is 7-8/10 but his portfolio on this is 1/10 .
4. Cryotp Trader portfolio is again like just to throw some Crypto name but even you will get those name for free if you follow some good twitter crypto handles at when those crytp names are under 25% from when he add those name to his portfolio.
5.After you join his subscription you will receive tremendous emails where he introduce other trader to you most probably to lure you to join other subscription
Last but not the least , please do not join any of his subscription as may be 2-3 out of 100 people will make money but rest will definitely loose there money.
Better to research on youtube/twitter good handles and will get every thing free or at very minimum cost.
