@_author: yaztcm
@_date: 2018-08-28 18:12:11
I am actually not too sure about the legal status. They have been banning exchanges and ICO’s since last September. Not the greatest scenario to be in but it does seem there is more to it...like they have a plan maybe? Once again, this is all speculation 
@_date: 2018-08-27 23:50:00
Ahh that is okay! There is just a common theme going around that TA “doesn’t work” thought I might add 2 cents :) 
@_date: 2018-08-27 22:22:48
Thanks for sharing this! I will enjoy reading through these and try to leave an update once I’ve gone through them all :)
@_date: 2018-08-27 20:23:38
The thing is it can not PREDICT ANYTHING. All it can do is give you price levels for you to consider. TA Is useless if you have no trade plan. TA is useless if you haven’t figured out your own trading psychology. TA gives you price levels, you have to make the trading decisions still. There is no magical formula unforntunatley. 
It doesnt make predictions so black swan like events (that occur in traditional markets also) will take everyone by suprise. However, the beautiful thing is that you will see it happen live on the charts because everything that happens fundamentally is always represented within price on the chart. 
If the event hasn’t happened such as new product announcements then it wont be priced into the market and therefore you wont see it in TA. But what usually happens in this scenario is on the news the market will rally slightly which is the market response to the event. 
But put simply, TA is useless if you have no trade plan/not figured out your trading style/psychology - the trader makes the decisions TA is just a guide. 
@_date: 2018-08-27 19:08:17
I think TA is just analysing the representation of the market. TA revolves around a premise which is that; everything that happens within the market regarding news/fundamentals/announcements etc is already represented within price on the chart. This was clearly evident  recently when the ETF was denied. We didn’t dump because most speculated that we would already be rejected.
However, I know its not everyone’s cup of tea but just wanted to point out there is a solid foundation behind TA that is constantly overlooked :)