@_author: ybobkrap40
@_date: 2019-08-06 01:19:17
What you are looking at is the market reaction after significant economic news. Last week broke the US rate hiking cycle, and now central banks around the world are lowering rates and weakening their currencies in response (EU, Japan, China, etc). A weakening currency decreases purchasing power, that along with lower interest rates make haven assets more attractive. Look at a gold chart to see that gold has been rallying hard.
In my opinion, investors are realizing that they are simply running out of good options to allocate money. US equities are at all time highs while growth is slowing and we are late cycle. Global bonds are at laughable levels. There are long term high yield bonds in the EU that are negative yielding. 15 trillion in global bonds are negative yielding, and central banks are lowering rates further. I don’t know your background but this is literally out of control insane.
In this new economic context, you will continue to see gold rally due to its relative attractiveness compared to risk assets. Bitcoin rallying hard to me makes perfect sense using the same logic. Bitcoins issuance policy cannot be manipulated. It cannot be tampered with, unlike government issued currencies where central bankers have their hands tied behind their backs and are forced to play this game of lowering rates and decreasing the value of their currencies to decrease the chance of recession risk. 
Investors are waking up to this and using bitcoin as a hedge. In my opinion, bitcoin and gold will be positively correlated going forward.
@_date: 2019-08-05 20:39:13
If you knew what was going on in the financial markets, you would know that OP’s info is good info and a sign of the times.
El-Erian, a top financial mind, is making similar comparisons. 
The joke is you making this comment and not knowing much.
@_date: 2019-08-06 01:52:22
Are you asking about Citadel the hedge fund? The returns are not fixed. You invest in a fund and get paid out the returns of that fund minus the fees. It’s an equity in a fund investment.
@_date: 2019-08-17 07:35:44
the fed meets its mandates well. it has a role to play in modern banking. the easing you are referring to is a response mechanism within powers it has been granted. the fed has its hands tied behind its back and does the best it can, similar to all central banks. if you think it has stepped beyond its mandates, that is an issue with the powers congress has granted it. setting fed policy today is an incredibly complex task, and you should know how it decides policy before being so critical. this isn’t really a fed problem, it’s a financial system problem.
@_date: 2019-08-06 04:59:44
When a new currency is being adopted, what is your expectation? That it's immediately equal to other asset markets? I'm not sure I follow your logic here because if the above isn't your expectation, why are "real markets" your point of comparison and an argument you are using?
I disagree that describing it as a store of value is meaningless. The value of a currency is determined a lot by it's network value, which would take time to implement right? The speed of bitcoin adoption is crazy at the current pace, and I believe it will actually accelerate as more entities come to understand how it works, including money managers (some of the biggest pension funds in the world are already invested in the crypto spaec). The speed of adoption is much faster than the ecosystem of the internet was being built out, and the use case for bitcoin has virtually all the same attractive qualities as gold.
Let me know if I'm not following your argument due to my misunderstanding. As of now, I don't see any quality in your comment.
@_date: 2019-08-05 20:39:39
upvoted. i like it.
@_date: 2019-08-05 22:09:06
Alarming? I’m not sure where this comment is coming from.
3% drop in the equity markets post significant macroeconomic news is noteworthy, it’s the biggest day drop this year.
Ramped up trade tensions given more weight than the first cut in US rates in 10 years.
Yuan at 10 year lows vs the dollar, sparking capital flight.
It’s a macroeconomic news. Nothing is alarming about it if you are prepared.
@_date: 2019-06-19 21:30:32
There might be a day where fiat is dead, but imo thinking it’s going to happen during the next downturn is an extremely bold claim. I put the odds of that happening at less than 1%. It will take decades to phase out even 50% of fiat I believe.
That said, i’m not suggesting your thesis is wrong, only the timing.
@_date: 2019-08-18 16:45:16
leverage. probably more liquidity. settlement process that help mark the books for risk.
@_date: 2019-06-29 18:17:55
you guys realize he is a trader right? and you dont know his timing. these posts are dumb. 
hes net long for the long term.
@_date: 2019-06-19 21:24:40
prime rates would decrease in an economic shock
@_date: 2019-06-29 17:29:04
thanks for this analysis. i was curious about this.
@_date: 2019-09-12 22:38:25
this is the same idea as borrowing in a foreign currency. if the foreign currency strengthens you are worse off and vice versa. it has nothing to do with the loan interest rate changing, but rather fx rate change.
@_date: 2019-05-26 07:19:42
im a believer in bitcoin. but in my opinion, the argument that bitcoin and US dollars are in the same realm of safety because neither is “backed” doesnt hold.
the US government is able to tax its citizens in US dollars, and this at the end of the day is what gives the US dollar value. these tax proceeds on the biggest economy in the world are used to finance growth at the cheapest rates in the world, and importantly pay for the military that protects the financial interests of its citizens and way of life (land, methods to allocate capital, moden banking, etc.) this tax system within a capitalistic model has worked stupendously good for a long time.
my belief is bitcoin can/will be used as a replacement for gold, but even this idea has not been proven out yet (we wont know if its true until the next major strain on the financial system). its black and white, and dangerous, to believe that 1) because the world has high levels of debt and 2) because inflation exists within the financial system, fiat currencies will fail and bitcoin will outperform. theres actually a high chance that even if bitcoin catches on like i hope it will, US dollars, singaporean dollars, and swiss francs will outperform bitcoin in the next financial downturn. holding a basket of strong currencies, for those interested in wealth preservation, is a smart move. something to think about for those concentrating their wealth in this unproven asset class.
@_date: 2019-05-26 14:26:10
i appreciate your comment, and i thought about it. 
i believe your point is that both fiat and bitcoin have no inherent value, and are valuable only because of beliefs (please correct me if im wrong). question: why make this point? why does this point have value in the crypto space (im genuinely confused about this because its like this "aha" moment)? its as if stating this somehow magically increases the value of crypto relative to fiat. 
are there any forms of money out there in this world that have inherent value beyond belief (i think we both agree that there is not)? arent all concepts of asset ownership in this world based on beliefs? man made laws that say, if i give you this wad of paper, and i sign this other wad of paper, i "own" this land (that is until that land is conquered by a new entity that no longer believes in the old rule of law). nations have been fighting for millennia over the same plots of land because they both believe that they own it, and they both do own it under each nation's beliefs! so if your point is simply to state that all asset value is based on belief, then i agree (and i didnt miss this). 
and since we (hopefully) agree that all asset value is based on beliefs, shouldnt we discuss levels of believeability in order to attempt to quantify asset value and relative safety? Not just say that both fiat and bitcoin are based on beliefs (endpoint)? i think my original post helped distinguish perceived value, and a mispricing of risk in the crypto space.
@_date: 2019-05-26 15:24:20
This is an interesting point! There are many layers of complexity though that I think will result in a nuanced outcome.
If you were to design a global financial system from scratch, and you had countries' fiat currency operating within that global system, you would think it would be natural to not have one of the countries currencies as the reserve currency. This was actually a hotly contested design item when the modern financial system was created! Many (elite) economists argued that a new global currency should be invented as the reserve currency. But in reality what happened was the most powerful government in the world, whose nation had just won a world war with virtually no damage to its means of production (eg factories), decided that the best way forward for economic growth would be to use its own currency to invest in the damaged part of the world, and no other country(ies) had enough swag or capital to stop them. 
I bring this point up because the actual system was decided by the nation with the most financial, political, and military might (not by what the top academics believed or a more natural outcome). The US remains unchallenged for the most part on these fronts (though this might change in the future), and im not sure if the system can change without these things changing first.
There is no doubt (in my mind) that the US' financial position (relative to the US position in the past) has deteriorated, as debt levels have increased and global investors/central banks start getting more and more annoyed at fixed payments worth less and potentially worth much less over time. One thing to bear in mind though is that the entire world has borrowed more money at an accelerating rate, so the relative US credit position hasn't necessarily deteriorated. In other words, even though the US is a worse credit than it used to be, it still is a hell of a lot better credit than most of the world.