@_author: ybtc
@_date: 2017-11-29 12:37:08
I think you replied to the thread rather than our earlier comment chain by accident. 
I am definitely excited by bitcoin but my ability to predict how it will perform and what to expect from it are so minimal compared to my normal experience in centralised currencies that are tied to governments and nations. 
I look forward to seeing where it goes in the future and hope to one day to trade it as a genuinely stable currency but right now it is acting like a textbook bubble and I have no experience on deliberately riding a bubble so will be staying out.
I wish you luck! 
@_date: 2017-11-30 17:00:51
Bitcoin hasn't crashed it - it has only lost momentum and then recovered it again, which is typical of a bubble. If you think those minor dips have been crashes then you must be quite naive regarding trading generally.
As I type the beginning of what could be a crash is forming, although I reckon it will hit the $7500 resistance and then bounce from just looking at the candlestick charts. But I know nothing about bitcoin so that is an educated guess.
@_date: 2017-11-29 11:24:23
Thank you for the reply. 
So regarding bitcoin as an investment (not a currency or a technology) you are just riding the likely bubble, right? And you have no way of valuing it or choosing when to cash out except market sentiment?
@_date: 2017-11-29 11:35:10
Property in London is in a small bubble (I live in London). The difference is that the inflated prices in London are due to artificial demand for London property as a safe and liquid asset for foreign investors. Even if they all leave (which Brexit is making more likely) there is still a regular demand for property in London for those who have to live there. The market will dip/crash but then stabilise as massive demand still exists, just not at the artificially high prices.
Bitcoin is being used almost exclusively as a means of investment through artificial demand. Either the artificial demand collapses (could be now, could be a ten years) or it stabilises as a non-artificial investment demand establishes itself (i.e. as a currency). In the first case it is a clear bubble that will drop through the floor. The second case seems unlikely and even if it comes about it will lead to a time of serious peaks and troughs as it stabilises, leading to a mini-bubble. 
What do you think?
@_date: 2017-11-29 12:19:54
But this says nothing of the current growth, only the technology. From an investors perspective today there is no way of safely speculating on the value of bitcoin?
@_date: 2017-11-29 11:29:39
Don't get me wrong, I think cryptos will be important in the future as a currency and it is already a fascinating technology. I am just asking specifically in terms of those investing in bitcoin itself as a way of making money.
Gold has a pretty strong correlation to other markets and is established as a reserve asset; it is also pretty stable. Bitcoin has no history and is growing almost exponentially and has no history as a reserve and has no correlation to any other market (that I know of). Given that, why do you think it is a better reserve than gold? 
@_date: 2017-11-29 11:55:38
I agree with you about the technology and its use - replacing cash and current electronic banking technology. I slightly misunderstood you when you said 'store of wealth'. I assumed you meant you were wanting to use bitcoin as a reserve asset rather than as a primary method of exchange.
@_date: 2017-11-29 11:38:40
The technology is great and I would be interested to see cryptos establish themselves as functional currencies. I am asking specifically about those investing in bitcoin to profit. You seem to be conflating the technology with the asset itself. In order for bitcoin to stabilise there would have to be a large infrastructural change and massive speculative investment by the general public into something that is entirely unregulated and could collapse on them at any time. Bitcoin could be in a bubble but the idea and technology could stick around in another form. 
@_date: 2017-11-29 12:18:27
Ah, I see.
Personally, I can see how bitcoin could work in the same way as gold does now, however it currently does not and cannot function like that at all. It has no correlation to any other market and no historical stability. Gold and other typical reserves (precious metals, the dollar) all have market controls in place that help prevent massive volatility. At the moment bitcoin isn't viable to take their place.
Essentially, I see your position as taking a gamble on the fact that bitcoin will stabilise, even if it is after a downturn in value?
@_date: 2017-11-29 12:12:52
I understand that and feel that maybe you aren't understanding me. 
For any given asset there is an exchange value. This is determined by a lot of different things. At the moment the value of bitcoin is almost entirely based around speculation with a minor market for using bitcoin as a currency. There will be a maximum amount that bitcoin can be worth. Any good long-term investor will understand how to roughly predict what this value is. Since bitcoin is currently extremely volatile it is yet to establish itself as a currency. Until it does (or doesn't) it exists in a market of speculative investors. The market could collapse at any time if market sentiment turns. 
Bitcoin will have to hit a peak. Infinite growth does not exist and is a bad trait to have in a currency. How do you predict where this peak is? Will there be a collapse after the peak or will there be stabilisation? What will the maximum exchange value of bitcoin be?
I hope that clears up what I meant. 
@_date: 2017-11-29 11:40:35
There is a maximum exchange value to anything. Comparing the size of the market to the value of companies/individuals doesn't explain how you are making an ultimate valuation of bitcoin or how it is not currently in a bubble. Does that make sense?
@_date: 2017-11-29 12:31:24
Regarding TA, I would say that 90% of my decision making on short-term trades (which make up probably 95% of my trades) is based on TA then 5% market sentiment and 5% fundamentals. I manage to make more money than I ever dreamed of earning through this, so I wouldn't call it voodoo. 
I currently only have a small long-term portfolio in stocks and I don't think bitcoin is going to help its diversification as it has no correlation or relation to any of my other investments, by which I may hedge the investment. 
If bitcoin is in a bubble then you can't wait for it to peak again or, at least, the recovery would take an extraordinarily long time. The technology will stay but I don't know how you can judge that bitcoin will eventually stabilise at such a high level without plainly guessing. 
@_date: 2017-11-29 11:56:27
So the answer is, there is no way of knowing?
@_date: 2017-11-29 11:25:25
Cash or cash equivalences are an asset class, if that is what you are referring to? Regardless, how do you make a valuation of bitcoin? 
@_date: 2017-11-29 12:02:49
I don't have any objections to bitcoin. I love the idea of it and the technology. I am asking purely to those who are using the current growth as an investment opportunity why they do not think the current value increase is not an indication of a bubble.
Other currencies have some method of centralised control by which appreciation and depreciation is somewhat managed. Also, the value of currencies is manipulated by their respective centralised banks in order to affect the economy of the region in which the currency is issued. Bitcoin has none of this, hence it acting as an asset currently and not as a currency typically does. 
The question I am asking myself is, when a new asset appears, that has no value beyond speculative value, how am I supposed to know what it is worth? How do I know it will not collapse? I can't answer those questions and I was hoping someone here might have given me an idea.
@_date: 2018-02-04 13:49:50
I'll check out those articles, thanks.
Sorry, didn't mean to sound like I was forcing investing advice on you (because I hate that myself) just that I personally would not take the amount of coverage you have in crypto without diversifying greatly. In my own personal experience it just seems crazy. I was really just trying to understand the mentality behind your decisions by throwing out there what I would consider the smart move.
If it btc has gone to the moon in a year then I'll be happy to congratulate you. Still doesn't make a lack of diversification the smart move. Some people in the subreddit just aren't playing it safe enough with their savings (normally jumped in after 7500 or 10,000 dollars) and it hurts to watch these daily threads with people getting so dejected by a downtrend and elated at a slightly bullish correction. Investing shouldn't be that emotional. 
And, by the way, I day trade for a living by scalping on the foreign exchange market so, from where I'm sitting, waiting a couple of months is a medium term strategy and defintely not day trading.
@_date: 2018-02-04 15:29:10
Can you actually give me the reason for 100% adoption though? If it as a currency then I'd like to hear how it will get steady enough to be usable.
@_date: 2018-02-04 12:49:29
I am not claiming it is going one way or the other but your analysis is just poor.
A short term trend is not the same as a medium term or long term trend. Zoom out a bit more and it is a clear downtrend with no current signs of reversing. Your analysis is typical of someone who has no clue what they're talking about.
And where did you get 300,000 USD from? What do you know that everyone else doesn't? 
@_date: 2018-02-04 15:22:45
That article assumes there is a reason why bitcoin would reach 100% adoption. For what reason would that be? It doesn't work as a currency due to volatility. It is almost entirely being used as a speculative investment/trading product. Then the question is, how big is that market? How do you know when it is saturated and therefore time to sell?
@_date: 2018-02-04 12:59:44
Yes it is on an overall uptrend but you're guessing a reversal of the medium term downtrend based on short term trend that could well be a minor correction of the medium term downtrend's momentum. There is no reason to think it is a reversal; you'd need at least a couple of days more of data, at least, you potted plant.
Why 300,000 USD? If you're as good as you think you are then why not sell before the crashes and buy in at the bottom? That way you could make money continuously without having to hold the whole time. You know, like professional investors do. Is your investment portfolio diversified and do you hedge your investments? That way you could sell off your bitcoin at the start of a crash and jump back in, slowly, as the price climbs back up. If you're planning on just sitting on the coin you have and coming back in five years time then you really must have diversified, right? 
@_date: 2018-02-04 13:20:05
I'm not talking about day trading. The ATH was over a month ago now. Let's assume a reversal happens soon, it could well be about two months later. That isn't day trading.
Emotions do get in the way and, to be honest, that gives away the fact that this is your first time playing at being an investor, along with your initial prediction that we are in the middle of a reversal.
I'd be very interested in reading those articles explaining the 300,000 USD valuation, if you wouldn't mind linking them then I'd be very grateful.
You can't compare btc to stocks though. That's the problem. It acts in an entirely different way and, importantly, is a zero sum game. Currently, bitcoin value is entirely speculative. Stocks have actual material value meaning they can be calculably over and under valued, which is how investors choose stocks. Bitcoin cannot be described as over or under valued on any material basis. You can't treat btc as a similar investment for that reason. Diversifying into other coins may work within the self-contained crypto market but if the whole crypto market tanks then you will realise you haven't actually diversified at all. With the amount of money you're investing I would consider looking at property, stocks and precious metals. That all assumes you have the time to monitor your investments every day. 
Your trading goal sounds interesting but it is based on the belief that btc has to go up, so everything you hold is relative to a volatile product. This is why currency was invented and why people usually trade with/against currency.
@_date: 2018-02-04 15:30:18
No. I'm too young but the internet is not currency or a speculative asset so I don't think that argument is gonna swing. I do remember the world before the smartphone though, for whatever that is worth in your argument.