@_author: y-c-c
@_date: 2016-08-04 04:43:50
A lot of the transfers were very small transactions and done automatically though. If you are margin trading or lending money your to Bitfinex, the transaction may happen after you are offline. Doesn't Bitfinex still need to deduct Bitcoins from your wallet even if you are offline? You are not withdrawing/depositing funds to/from Bitfinex but since you have your own individual wallet those coins still need to be moved when you aren't around to provide the key. (You can store your private key in their server but that loses the whole point obviously)
@_date: 2016-08-02 23:42:35
Hindsight, but this just seems such a bad idea to me. Whatever you do, even if you separate each user's wallet out and have a third party check plus basic rate checking, these all happen in *software*. Software can be exploited and changed, and once hacked things can happen at light speed.
The whole point of cold wallets is that there's a hard crypto-safe brake that would present an upper bound to the hacked amount. No amount of software hacks can force you to load a cold wallet and a human who's responsible needs to go think "huh do I really want to load these additional 100k bitcoins into the hot wallet today? I wonder why we get so many withdrawals?" instead of things just happening so fast before you can react.
I hope we all learned a lesson in security today.  means you don't just abandon an established best practice just because you have a new one that may or may not work as well.
@_date: 2017-12-14 08:29:38
How do you guarantee LN refund or closing transactions will actually be confirmed on the blockchain (since they are basically unconfirmed transactions)? If the fees rise and the pre-signed refund transaction isn't enough to cover it (or for whatever reason the transaction doesn't get confirmed) what happens? Are you basically hosed?
Given how LN channels can't have too long a refund period (e.g. 1 month is already too long. Imagine you literally locked from your money that you can do absolutely nothing about for 1 month), I imagine there will still be a decent amount of channel opening and closing transactions going on in the network, which means the fees are that easy to predict.
@_date: 2015-12-01 21:45:25
You are right. If you have a good mix it would solve the problem if you are careful with the procedures. (And ZeroCoin/etc that I mention is basically glorified global mixing)
I was having a brain fart and thinking something along the lines of Stealth Address (which only address the hidden receipient problem) since I was just thinking about it from another context.
@_date: 2015-06-03 02:13:27
While I agree hashing things in is better than XOR and more theoretically secure, it's hard to imagine a case where random.org (if contacted through HTTPS!) could have done any real damage.
If they really knew the states of your phone to be able to counter-XOR your seed then can't they just predict what private keys you generate to begin with?
But yes added complexities does mean there could be more subtle ways to subvert a crypto scheme.
@_date: 2014-01-17 02:05:59
I think a better example is the following:
Eve wants to find out if Alice will ever pay Bill money (let's say if Bill is a Democrat and you want to know if Alice is a closet supporter of Democrats).
1) Eve finds a way to pay Alice some BTC.
2) Alice then uses that money to pay Bill. (At this point Eve doesn't know anything since Alice and Bill are using stealth/one-time addresses)
3) Eve tricks Bill into paying Eve, so we have:
Eve -&gt; Alice -&gt; Bill -&gt; Eve
Even though all the addresses used by Alice and Bill are one-time or stealth, Eve still gathered enough information to know that some money passed from Alice to Bill at one point (by tracing the origins of the coins), therefore gaining information she's not supposed to have.
This may seem unlikely to happen as Eve needs to pay Alice and get Bill to pay her back, but it's not quite so if Eve happens to be Coinbase or Bitpay etc. Just dealing with those companies shouldn't require such a a degree of trust (furthermore Bill may not know he's paying Bitpay if he's just paying through a POS terminal).
With Zerocoin or coin-mixing we could severe the tie at any one point so the tracing could not be done, e.g. Eve -&gt; Alice -&gt; Zerocoin/Mixer -&gt; Bob -&gt; Eve. All Eve can see is that Bob got money from redeeming some zero coin token and cannot trace back to Alice.
People need to remember stealth addresses are no more anonymous than single non-reused addresses, and there had been numerous research into how to de-anonymous such cases. It's a good step, but you will be foolish to believe that single address can suddenly give you total anonymity.
@_date: 2014-02-19 08:24:22
Not movies, but for the TV show Breaking Bad, if Walter White had access to bitcoins, his life would have been a LOT easier...
@_date: 2014-05-07 02:17:01
That's cool! Is the native app Scan Code also open sourced? I guess for iOS native apps there's no way to really audit source code but would be interesting to see anyway. :)
Edit: Are you also looking for pull requests on Github?
@_date: 2014-06-10 14:48:11
How did we go from discussing technical details to Android vs iOS? Oh right fanbois.
There's nothing wrong with platforms "copying" each other where it makes sense. For example if you actually read the API docs you will realize the implementation for Apple's extensions APIs are not exactly the same as the intents API in Android, despite having some similarities. Even if both platforms have the same feature on paper doesn't mean they really behave the same way. From what I can tell the new "Action" API is more about defining things you can do on a particular type of content (e.g. image) and do whatever you want with it, while the "Share" API is more about sending one piece of data to another app. 
Apple usually claim to have the best implementation these days (note that implementation details *are* innovations), more so than being first in the absolute sense, all the way from copying Xerox Parc and making GUI mainstream to notification center in iOS.
Before this API comes out you can now just copy the image into clipboard, then switch to the QR reader and have it read from the clipboard the image to scan, which is slightly more annoying, but not horrible. Oh wait sorry I forgot Android doesn't have image copy-paste sorry my bad... (it's quite useful for composing emails by allowing grabbing content from different places)
Edit: For example, Apple doesn't claim to have come up with the first smartphone. They claim to have the first good implementation of it.
@_date: 2014-06-13 00:50:28
To me the whole point is choice and freedom. Freedom also means users may choose to go through other companies or banks to deal with their bitcoins. If you like to program your own money you have the freedom to do so in Bitcoin as well.
@_date: 2014-10-21 22:18:34
Is that still true? The devs have been working on improving it (see zerocash) so I'm wondering if they would get to a point of being usable.
I also share this question tbh. Even if zerocoin/zerocash is not a good fit as a technology would the Bitcoin Foundation look into more ways to anonymize spending? Coinjoin isn't really perfect in that it doesn't remove the trace of spending so with a recipient and sender you can always see a link.
@_date: 2014-12-26 02:38:47
Thanks for the post! I wasn't aware of Economic Substance Doctrine. I'm guessing it doesn't go both ways and apply to capital gains?
@_date: 2014-06-26 18:56:20
I was saying that the pool operator can just collect a transaction fee, and use the proceeds to pay for machines and sign calculations himself. Granted, there will be a fee collected on the miners.
@_date: 2014-12-25 15:39:48
He's not saying "stay away from Bitcoin". He's saying to stay away from *investing* in Bitcoin to gain money. This is really not a bad advice. He doesn't like to trade in forex market for the same reason. If you are a true Bitcoin believer it shouldn't matter whether it will go to the moon or not, as you will be too busy using it already instead of trying to get rich from it.
And no bitcoin the unit doesn't have intrinsic value. What does have value is Bitcoin the technology itself, but if you buy individual bitcoin they don't really have "value". They just allow you to buy other things of intrinsic value, like a burger.
@_date: 2014-01-17 16:12:40
Blockchain.info can't just run away with your bitcoins. They only store the encrypted version of your wallet, with the encryption done on your machine locally first. You still need to use strong passwords to protect your account though.
@_date: 2014-10-29 17:55:20
I think this is where the user key comes in. From the diagram it says you need both the coinbase key and user key to recover lost password which I think means they are going to generate a new multisig address using the new password and send the bitcoins there. If you have lost both the user key and password you are screwed.
I'm still wondering what the actual security implications are though. If I stored my user key insecurely (let's say on Dropbox with insecure password), someone could hack into it, steal the user key, and use the password recovery feature to send the coins to a new multisig key, bypassing my password. Guess it seems to me instead of being doubly secure, it could be doubly vulnerable? (password + user key storage are both attack vectors now)
I haven't made a vault yet so not sure if this is the case. Maybe Coinbase has a good set of security verifications you need to pass before resetting passwords.
@_date: 2014-07-03 18:09:51
@_date: 2014-12-26 02:16:17
"Investing in currency" is basically trading in forex which as I mentioned goes against Warren Buffet's style. You need to understand different investors have different ways they like to invest and he's basically saying stay away from Bitcoin the same reason he doesn't particularly like to invest in forex and gold as they don't have intrinsic value.
The real reason is that you are not really "investing" in anything depending on your definition of the word. You are just trading and playing a demand/supply game and hoping you are buying something below the fair price of the market, and with something like a currency it's hard to really gauge the fair price. With something like a corporation that makes money it's fairly easy to look at the fundamentals and calculate how much a stock is worth (price/earning ratio, etc) as the stock actually gives something (dividends) back to you by itself if it's doing well.
It's all about context. He's giving a very conservative investing advice (he's telling his trustees to invest his money in S&amp;P 500 index funds for god's sake!) that guess what made him one of the richest man on earth.
@_date: 2014-06-26 18:50:44








I did suggest to the brainwallet author to use PBKDF2 or any other iterative hashing methods. It's not perfect as it still depends on the complexity of the password but it at least gives some extra bits of security. He just dismissed it though and claimed that " It's actually not possible to calculate MILLIONS of passphrase-based addresses per second in order to check their existence in the network (you can, however, relatively fast calculate random addresses using affine addition, as in vanitygen).":
I also suggested in the pull request to hide the passphrase which unfortunately he hasn't done yet.
I think the concept of brainwallet is ok for storing small funds, but someone else should really fork it and provide a more responsible solution that at least attempts to safeguard the user's money a little more
@_date: 2014-07-17 05:03:55
Yeah. You as the seller aren't really buying/selling bitcoins. You're selling access to offshore dollar/euro accounts in the sender's country which a lot of locals may not have (or would have to pay a higher cost to use since they send money in small chunks unlike the seller who can do it in bulk as wire transfers are much cheaper relatively when done in large amount).
Bitcoin is then just the record keeping device for you to validate the remitted money.
@_date: 2014-02-13 00:40:27
Regarding unconfirmed transactions, even if we don't have transaction malleability don't we still need to spend the original input to a new output in order to completely invalidate the transaction? Otherwise some miner may just randomly confirm the unconfirmed transaction later on causing issues.
@_date: 2014-06-26 05:59:16
Right. I was just pointing out that the pool operators will be fine even with alpha = 2 as they can just charge miners a small fee to pay for the signature cost. They may not be able to outsource the signing to other operators, but they can outsource the *cost* of the signing via the fee, and buy the necessary hardware to perform the signatures. The more miners they have the more fees aka more resources the pool operator can buy to perform the signatures.
@_date: 2014-06-28 03:29:56
That's true. The pool would have to basically do all the work of a miner which may not be feasible at the scale we're talking about and it would have to swallow all the risks etc that comes from buying all the hardware etc, instead of just letting miners do it and just coordinating.
@_date: 2014-06-28 03:39:23
What wallet were you using? Obviously it's hard to prevent keyloggers from stealing your keys once they have been installed on your computer but some wallets should have better security than others.
@_date: 2014-06-05 08:44:11
Reading through the iOS8 extension APIs seems like you should be able to do the same in iOS8 as well. Any app can add itself to the list of "share" buttons, and also add custom actions per object type (aka the Bing Translate demo Apple showed off in Safari).
So I would imagine you should be able to "share" an image to a QR reader directly, or even have a bitcoin app (assuming those get approved) embed a "pay btc to this QR code" action for images.
@_date: 2014-06-01 02:17:34
Well, part of the WebCore codebase they inherited from WebKit is licensed under LGPL which means at least that part has to remain open-sourced till eternity. They would have to do some enormous refactoring to pull those code out so they can close source the rest.
@_date: 2014-02-12 11:53:23
The thing is, Bitstamp etc has stated clearly they haven't lost funds, while MtGox has been quiet about it. Notice the difference? We can only assume the worst especially since MtGox has been having withdrawal issues for a while.
Even if other exchanges have this transaction malleability bug it really shouldn't have been that big a deal with proper code hygiene:
1) Don't spend unconfirmed inputs. They are called "unconfirmed" for a reason and just don't spent them as they are not guaranteed to go through. (Coffee shops etc are fine with this mostly since the amount of transaction is too small to matter) This would prevent someone using transaction malleability to trick an exchange into thinking they have received multiple deposits.
2) If a withdrawal transaction fails to confirm, don't just refund blindly and ignore the failed transaction, as it could somehow confirm in the future, leading to sending the money to the withdrawer twice. Instead you need to take one of the original inputs in the transaction and send it somewhere else (or just to itself!) to invalidate the input so the original transaction couldn't go through. If you do that you should catch any bug dealing with mutated transaction IDs really quickly as you would find out the original input has been consumed and can't be used.
3) Just plain old regular auditing and book balancing to make sure nothing weird is going on.
I think it's really the lack of these basic best practices (or so we think since MtGox hasn't revealed exactly what happened) and the blame on Bitcoin protocol that got people riled up.
Bitstamp etc on the other hand is claiming this to be a DoS attack, which is very different. It appears (at least on the outside) they have done the appropriate measures and safeguards to make sure the funds wouldn't get stolen.
@_date: 2014-10-30 07:14:10
That's fair. If you emails are compromised it's fair to say you are *really* screwed in most cases anyway. This at least has the additional requirement of user seed which the user can securein whatever way they want.
@_date: 2014-04-18 05:53:32
One way to fix this is to have the merchant POS software tag certain transactions as "high risk" so it will refuse to accept them unless the customer waits for 10 minutes for the first confirmation. Triggers for "high risk" can include any of the mentioned discrepancies, including "correct horse battery staple" addresses, OP_RETURN, low tx fees, etc.
This is certainly not perfect but I think most transactions that could cause problems with some miners not accepting them are usually easy to identify and won't happen much in normal use cases (I mean normal wallets won't issue payments like that since they won't be accepted by all miners anyway). The only ones that could be an issue is the new 0.1mBTC/KB fee but the POS can just force the customer pay slightly higher fee just to get 0 confirmation transaction accepted by the merchant.
This would of course be an up hill battle as more and more of these discrepancies among miners will be discovered and the POS software (e.g. BitPay, Coinbase) will need to keep up with them and always only accept the lowest common denominator payments for 0 confirmations. The good thing is it should be hard to systematically exploit them as long as software get updated frequently.
@_date: 2014-02-19 08:26:35
I just meant that if you created a transaction that didn't go through, and you want to pay someone again (e.g. MtGox trying withdrawal again) you need to first try to make sure the first transaction never confirms before attempting to send the second transaction. Otherwise if the second transaction goes through AND the first transaction confirms you would have paid the person twice.
@_date: 2014-06-10 18:28:41
Ha wasn't expecting a tip, thanks!
But yeah for me I just really enjoy using my iPhone so I don't have any particular reason to switch (after surveying the current state of its competitors). It just irks me whenever there is an article on some iOS and Android features this whole who's better discussion always comes up. Sometimes these things are not as black and white as simple arguments make them out to be.
Anyway, my point is even if you don't use iPhone, as a bitcoin supporter you probably want it to work *everywhere* properly, including iOS, Windows phone, etc. It could only benefit everyone, so hopefully Apple has finally loosened up a little bit.
@_date: 2014-07-16 05:57:09
What other videos have been lacking is CGPGrey :)
As others have said I think a well-put-together comprehensive layman explanation would be very nice. More importantly a lot of videos I have seen usually only focus on one aspect of it and also feel very biased as in I feel that the creator is clearly invested in bitcoin and trying to push it. I have a feeling your video would at least feel more neutral.
@_date: 2014-07-30 23:47:31
More choices *are* confusing. Let me write you a choose-your-own-adventure novel. Instead of just 2-3 choices every chapter I'll give you 26 choices (one for each character from 'a' to 'z'). After that you choose again. So basically I'm asking you to write the novel yourself. Imagine how fun that would be!
It's kind of a nonsensical extreme case but more choice always mean more cognitive load from the user. Considering they are asking people to give money you really don't want them to have to think extra hard. A big part of UX in general is usually to present the most relevant information without just dumping every option out.
@_date: 2014-07-16 02:19:23
Upvoted just for using Hong Kong as a background :)
@_date: 2014-06-10 14:34:18
To be honest I feel that in the long term we need something like Zerocash (aka Zerocoin) which admittedly is harder to integrate into Bitcoin than Coinjoin. Coinjoin is fine but it's really a p2p (sort of) mixing service with a limited set of users. You can still sort of trace through the transactions and as long as you can do that there will be risks in the implementation.
For example if I'm a large Bitcoin operator (e.g. Coinbase) and want to know if you want to pay another particular party B, I can check the withdrawals and deposits of you and B and see if there are any links at all (i.e. you withdraw, then the btc passes over to B somehow before B deposits back to me at Coinbase). Coinjoin will help make that less clear but it's not 100%.
Zerocash on the other hand will be 100%. As in after you have grabbed a zero coin if's pretty much impossible to tell one from the other, achieving perfect anonymity as long as enough people have been using the system.
@_date: 2014-04-25 22:21:47
Just echoing others here but do people really not know "milli" or "micro"? SI is pretty common in pretty much everywhere else in the world, and everyone knows km, m, cm, mm for distances. We know gram vs kg, and even most Americans know byte vs megabytes vs gigabytes. When we have to use it they come naturally (since we think in base 10 after all).
To me the confusing part to most people is simply the fact that bitcoin is even divisible to begin with! You see people complaining $500 bitcoin being expensive and we just need to educate people to start using mBTC and maybe eventually move to uBTC if the price gets high enough. If you fix on a denomination "bit" you are tied to it forever. Given how volatile the price is currently not sure if it's a good idea.
@_date: 2014-08-11 23:39:46
Bitcoin: Just understand it's secure, and that addresses are generated from private keys that you should never give out. That's all you need to understand.
Passphrase goes in, address goes out. :)
@_date: 2014-05-10 03:38:09
I don't really think that's the point of the blockchain though. The blockchain's purpose is to validate transactions, using mining as an economic incentive to promote honest behavior.
The nonce of a stealth address itself is certainly not necessarily for validation. There's no real risk of man in middle attacks, double spending, etc, so it seems to me totally acceptable to just find whatever way suitable to transfer that info over.
This proposal is actually the opposite of centralization. If the payee prefers to be passive, the payer can broadcast payment message to literally every directories he knows of. The payee just listen to that. If the payee prefers not to scan every nonce and doesn't mind being more active (e.g. merchant), it can just expose an URL for the payer to send the payment message to, which also has the benefit that no one else would know a stealth payment has happened.
tldr: Keeping the nonce communication off blockchain just means it's more flexible in how we can use it, and doesn't lead to centralization as we don't need to trust the directories for anything other than basic up time.
@_date: 2014-07-24 17:48:34
I don't see how they could have done it otherwise. If I can use my credit card to pay for this, I would simple buy a good amount of BTC then just charge back the transaction, and keep the BTC.
There's a reason why Coinbase has a relatively low purchase limit and also a long time period before the transaction clears (and not allowing credit cards).
That said are there any credit cards that *don't* charge cash advance fees? Seems like if they exist they would be a good choice. You still have to pay it off immediately though.
@_date: 2014-02-14 02:21:09
But whatintheworldisthat's point is that the vulnerability here is the wallet not reusing the original input and trusting the missed transaction won't suddenly go through. This is an issue too if you get unconfirmed inputs, where you just need to be careful about how you manage your wallet.
The vulnerability is the wallet's lack of understand in unspent inputs, not malleability itself (though it does exacerbates the problem)
@_date: 2014-10-30 00:23:31
Can't you do option 1 and tell Coinbase you forgot your passphrase? This way you just need the user seed to combine with Coinbase's key. I guess you need access to user's email (which could happen) to verify the forgot passphrase steps.
With this you just need 1) backup keys, 2) user email access. No passphrase required. (but you do need password for their email service of course)
@_date: 2014-06-20 08:08:50
It's important to remember that this is also true for Google Play Store, etc. The only truly safe way on Android is to build from source or install signed packages but honestly the % of people who will actually do that is so small that I feel that it's not a good enough solution. (Since most people probably just use the easiest way i.e. go to Play Store)
A true solution is if Google or Apple can provide an "open sourced" option for apps that verifies that an app was indeed built from a verifiable source repository on Github or something. This way you know the developer didn't add any trojan horse. You would still need to trust Google or Apple though (that said you are using a phone OS by them. if you didn't trust them why the F are you using their phones?)
If you really think about it though, did you build your own phone's OS? Unless you are one of the &lt;1%, you probably just bought the phone with the stock OS. If you bought anything other than Nexus probably not even stock Android. Can you reeeally trust Samsung, Google, Apple not to have done anything malicious? What about the baseband chip manufacturer?
I think if you follow the logic it's really best just to keep change amount of bitcoins on any phone. Better be safe than sorry.
@_date: 2014-07-02 07:31:18
One issue I see with this is who keeps track of the private key? A nice thing about username/password is that you can go anywhere and log on with your credentials. With this you will now have to make sure to carry the private key with you or back it up on the web securely. This is no different from Bitcoin but I feel that for logging in to web pages people have difference expectations as to the convenience vs security tradeoff.
I guess if you use password manager already this is similar in that a trusted centralized place on the web will store your username/passwords, but then if you are using a password manager already you don't really benefit much from BitAuth as you can already easily revoke leaked passwords, have encrypted storage of your credentials etc.
One way to solve this issue is to do a brainwallet style implementation where you can type a passphrase and generate a private/public key set, but then if the website is hacked, with a leaked public key the brainwallet passphrase will not be subject to brute force attack which will allow the attacker to gain access to other sites, which again is the same issue with traditional username/password. I guess at with this we have a standardized protocol to do challenge/response for authentication, instead of each website rolling their own leading to debacles like companies storing passwords in plaintext or insecure hashes like MD5.
@_date: 2014-11-06 23:43:56
In case you don't know this is a popular site where they do flash sale for video game bundles where you pay as much as you want (but have to pay above certain price for certain games in the bundle). Usually the games are DRM-free and if you pay above $1 you get Steam key as well.
They also try to move into other areas now like ebooks.
Needless to say they accept bitcoins.
@_date: 2014-06-28 03:55:57
How is this different from going to Coinbase.com through a browser? It's not like the browser will do certificate pinning for us. (Granted Chrome does do cert pinning for *.google.com for their own interests)
@_date: 2014-12-24 09:13:38
As alsomahler said stealth address protects the privacy of senders (so you won't see who else sent money to the address) but not the privacy of the receiver (you in this case). You need some sort of coin mixing / coinjoin type service, or some zerocoin type implementation to be able to protect yourself and cut the public link between receiving btc and sending them.
@_date: 2014-12-26 02:27:50
Posted the below quoted response somewhere else in the thread, but here below again. Basically to stay in context, Warren Buffet has always shied away from investing in gold or foreign currency, because you aren't really "investing". You are trading/speculating. You are hoping to buy something that's below market price that will go up later so you can sell. He much prefers buying something that *intrinsically* gives value back in a very concrete way, which means dividends in this case. This is why he doesn't also go after high growth stocks because he's more interested in getting value from his investments, rather than earning the spread in price.
Buffet is a very conservative but smart investor. He has a pretty simple way of investing but he's just really good at telling what's a good buy and what's not. He also intentionally stays away from things he doesn't understand because that would be "gambling" as the article mentioned. You can't really fault him for sound arguments like that.
I guess arguing about "value" derails us from his original argument as it's such a vague term. I think Bitcoin has "value" too but even though I bought it I'll admit I'm just playing the market. I'm not hoping that my bitcoins will suddenly give me dividends or start producing things for me. It's just money.






@_date: 2014-06-27 00:47:32
Just want to point out that a lot of these issues we have seen with brainwallets have to do with the actual website and implementation, rather than the idea of brain wallets themselves. Here are a few flaws that the author should probably fix to make it at least viable:
1) Use a strong random generator. Instead of using CryptoJS probably use sjcl which defaults to using the browser's native crypto random (*not* Math.random()) with added entropy.
2) Allow hiding private key and passphrase! Turning them into password fields make it more difficult for keyloggers (since browsers enter a special mode when you are typing in password fields) and won't allow other people to look into your monitors and steal your keys.
3) Use HTTPS/SSL! It's susceptible to Man-In-Middle hijacking right now. (More an issue for countries where ISPs are known to collude with government)
4) Use iterative hashing like PKBDF2 or bcrypt. If you hash with iteration count = 100000 that's roughly equal to adding 16-bits of entropy in your password! (at the expense of slow hashing)
It may be time for some competition to fork the project. IMO the concept of brain wallet could work for small funds if proper security measures have been applied when building the site.
@_date: 2014-07-16 10:18:29
This would just be blatantly illegal and going against whatever ban the city has imposed. Buying drugs on Silk Road is one thing as most buyers expect that to be illegal anyway but good luck convincing the majority of riders to use a clearly banned service.
Some people may still use it especially if it's a lot cheaper but that also means the drivers from these services are seedier etc. If you get into accidents or get robbed you may also not be as protected by insurance.
Payment is really the last problem Uber has when it gets banned.
@_date: 2014-06-25 03:30:44
I may be missing something but how does your method or the one from the linked article actually disincentivize pools? Doesn't the number of signatures the pool operator needs to perform scales linearly with how much hashing power the pool have? E.g. a pool with 100 miners needs to sign header 10x more frequently than a pool with 10 miners.
Under that assumption the actual cost of mining doesn't really change. The pool operator can simply charge a 1% transaction fee to recoup the cost of signing headers and that ratio is fixed regardless of how large the pool is. For solo miners they still have to pay the cost for signing headers anyway.
Or are you saying the cost of transferring the headers over the network is the source of the overhead, not the actual signature part? Seems like that's not a lot.
@_date: 2014-05-12 15:32:18
Fair enough. It still doesn't seem to me personally that trusting a party to be holding on to an address/wallet for a long period of time is any better than trusting them to keep a recipient address for payment info.
You mentioned attacking payment URL providers in your other comments. What exactly are the possible attacks? As mentioned in the proposal the point is that other than up time there is nothing you need to rely on for both sides as they are cryptographically secure. The payer just needs to find a way to transfer the payment info to the payee.
@_date: 2014-12-24 10:40:37
I still don't understand how posts like this have to do with **bitcoin** itself. Silk Road only used BTC as a payment method but this sub should be for the promotion of Bitcoin itself, not for advertising for a drug dealer who got caught.
@_date: 2014-07-08 00:37:22
I would imagine in the long term fees would increase *in absolute monetary* terms, not in terms of BTC, for the reasons described in the post. If BTC price keeps rising though I can see the tx fee lowering relative to BTC, but still increasing in monetary (USD) values due to cost in propagating blocks etc.
@_date: 2014-05-10 03:27:04
For a stealth address to still be useful 1000 years from now you are assuming that the recipient will still be checking it, and has been scanning transactions for the past 1000 years and checking every stealth transaction to see if the nonce match his own. That seems like a pretty wild guess, and there's no way for the sender to know that.
This proposal is basically to preserve the idea of a stealth address (i.e. using a nonce to generate the private/public key), but separate the nonce communication part out. If the client is still checking his stealth address (and also have the ability to broadcast the fact that he's still checking) he should have a way to keep updating the publicized payment request if a directory service went down. It also protects the privacy of the sender since no one would know a stealth transaction has happened
Just seems to me it's much more respectful of the bitcoin protocol itself in building things on top of it, rather than hacking every little use case into the core blockchain itself. As the proposal mentioned, the nonce is certainly not necessary for the blockchain to function, i.e. validating transactions.
@_date: 2014-06-12 03:22:09
Interesting. I only skimmed through it but seems like it's a slightly different take on the same idea, which is a global mixing pool of outputs rather than per-transaction mixing like CoinJoin which imo is subpar and doesn't provide as much anonymity and require extra time and processes to set up.
Seems like there's no way for recipient to know whether he receives a transaction unless he's actively scanning the blockchain? I guess zerocash requires something similar to maintain the private knowledge. Also wonder how good it is as it allows different sizes to be mixed. In zerocoin you can only redeem fixed amount (e.g. 1 btc) from zerocoin to ensure maximum mixing. I'm wondering which one is actually easier to integrate into bitocin though as Monero would completely change how transactions work.
Still my point stands that the current CoinJoin methodology seems insufficient in the long run, and just generates extra work required in mixing multiple times just to achieve anonymity, while a superior solution is to mix the outputs so you get a much larger pool and you don't need to wait for others to join.
@_date: 2015-01-06 11:22:51
I still feel that for perfect anonymity ZeroCoin/Zerocash was the only real mathematically rigorous attempt to solve the problem. It actually makes it impossible to trace coins back, and fixed denominations makes it hard to do this kind of tricks to guess which deposit corresponds to which payments. Too bad other issues make it hard to incorporate into real Bitcoin blockchain.
@_date: 2016-01-06 01:54:40
I honestly don't understand why this wasn't the proposed solution. When I first heard about RBF I immediately thought this would be how it worked and horrified to find out you could change the output.
@_date: 2014-06-27 00:34:51
Oh cool. I pretty much moved away from brainwallets so I'm probably not going to use it but minor nitpicking would be: 1) not using https, so vulnerable to man-in-middle attack, 2) no way to tune iteration count for extra security, 3) no way to hide username and private key making this hard to use with prying eyes
I may check out the rest of the page though.
@_date: 2014-04-19 03:00:39
I have mentioned in another thread but can't we just establish protocols for what a "risky" transaction is? You can then set your POS software to only accept 0 conf non-risky transactions that have a high probability of getting confirmed, stuff like not using OP_RETURN, really low tx fees etc.
This way you can still wait for confirmations for weird transactions but most common case of simple transactions would still be fast and hard to double-spend (unless using something like BitUndo that requires explicit miner cooperation)
@_date: 2014-06-15 23:03:28
Why would you be only doing it as a one-time thing? As your equipment gets old I would imagine you would need to upgrade them as an ongoing plan? As you said eventually difficulty increases to a point that your equipment won't generate any income and you need new stuff.
Following that plan it should be a multiple-time gamble, unless you are saying most business can't even stay afloat after the one-time investment and won't have enough money to cover hardware upgrade? If that's the case seems like you are running a *little* too tight.
@_date: 2015-01-30 01:12:40
Inflation is a tax. Calling it theft is a little out there. To be fair it's a hidden tax applied to all money, but it's just a way for the government to transfer wealth to themselves. You may disagree on tax or monetary policies but nothing is hidden here. Their goal has been clear from the start.


He's assuming people borrow without interests, which never happens. Real people borrow with interests, often taking inflation into account. It's only an issue if inflation rates change unexpectedly.
@_date: 2016-01-11 23:26:14
The second link uses FSS RBF, which is a safe way to handle fee raising, by making sure all outputs are still paid the same. The only issue would be if other transactions are spent *on top* of the first zero-conf one.
Pretty much no one is concerned about FSS RBF now, and it's not what people are afraid about as merchants don't really lose anything from it, so what that link demonstrates is actually fine in this context.
@_date: 2016-01-06 02:02:48
You are complaining about lack of people trying to disprove you, but that's because you haven't really provided anything to back you up. Do you actually have numbers to back up the point that double spending for small amounts are happening (small amount because that's the usual use case for 0-conf)? Like data from actual merchants, or Coinbase/Bitpay?
It's on your onus to do so (and RBF supporter's) since this is extra work and complexity to the protocol, and honestly make life difficult for people who actually rely on 0 conf itself. If you want to propose a solution, you need to first show the problem exists.
@_date: 2016-01-06 02:26:08
Simple: It's fast, and it *works*.
There's a difference between specs designed by developers, and technology used in real life by real people. Real users don't care about the intent of the technology and whatnot. They use whatever that happens to work for them. It just so happens that zero conf works well (i.e. fast) and most merchants haven't lost much money from it at all. I think you can argue it's a ticking time bomb but I'm not sure if that's been really demonstrated with concrete examples (hence my request to show that).
In general I think it's much easier to understand why people use technology a certain way, and conform specs/protocols to fit actual needs, not theoretical ones. E.g. in HTML, doctype used to be really complicated, something like "&lt;!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01//EN" " Guess what no one liked that and all browsers didn't really validate that anyway, so in HTML5, they just simplified it to "&lt;!DOCTYPE HTML&gt;" to fit how it was actually used and parsed by browser. May piss off some purists but hey no one used it anyway.
@_date: 2016-01-06 01:57:40
Won't nodes also not broadcast double spends? They don't have incentives to help the miner make more money by reboradcasting it. I guess technically you could directly contact all the miners with such a transaction to lure them into accepting your double-spend but 1) that's a lot more work (probably not worth it for a cup of coffee), and 2) miners would be willingly going against the recommended protocol.
Also on the blockchain you would be clearly doing something sketchy if people can see you double-spending. With RBF you will look perfectly normal to an outsider.


That's kind of true, but what most people on the RBF side don't realize is with the current difficulty in pulling double-spending off no one is really trying to break the law for a cup of coffee or a meal. If we see that's an issue (maybe when fees are higher in the future) then maybe we address it, but solutions should be for actual problems, not theoretical problems that don't exist and may never.
@_date: 2015-08-28 23:32:53
The miners can always decide to reject small tx fees though. What's stopping them from doing that? Larger block size just allow them to accept more transactions. Like right now if you send a transaction with no fee, miners will still pick them up anyway. To them it's all about maximizing the total returns. If they feel that they get more money from raising fees, they could.
@_date: 2015-08-28 21:38:53
I still don't understand how miners would feel that smaller block size = higher profit. The way block size work doesn't really work the same way as manufacturer optimizing supply / demand.
Miners currently can already set whatever price they want to accept. Higher or lower block size  won't change the fact that they already have ultimate control of the fees we have to pay. Higher block size just means they can accept more transactions which is always a good thing. It's not like they are competing in a free market of transactions with a supply/demand dynamics to accept  (they are competing on hash rates instead).
Personally I like BIP 101 better though. How would a static algorithm be more unpredictable? Shouldn't it be the other way round.
@_date: 2015-08-16 21:32:50
I really don't understand this. As Mike Hearn has pointed out, let the market decide. If there's actually a demand for more transactions, artificially capping the block size is just going to make it worse. Th whole thing could fall apart at that time. If Lightning or whatever network is ready, some people may switch to it, which is fair, but it will be by choice.
The whole philosophy of Bitcoin is market incentives. By setting up the correct incentives (miner fees, etc), everyone is incentivized to cooperate and do the right thing. Manually capping the block chain size is *not* setting the right incentives.
Edit: removed some stuff
@_date: 2015-08-30 03:37:27
Sure, I guess this goes to the heart of the debate, which is 1) whether BIP101 is imposing unreasonable bandwidth requirements on most miners (I don't really think it is but then I don't mine), and 2) whether the philosophy should be about allowing as many transactions as possible to begin with (hence the miners with low bandwidth should just deal with it). Those points have been greatly debated in other venues…
I agree BIP100 is a pretty ugly solution for the mentioned reason though.
@_date: 2015-11-21 17:08:01
I'm not sure if CoinJoin and mixers etc really do a good job hiding the fact that Alice gave Bob 2 btc.
CoinJoin/Mixers mostly work to obfuscate the coins' origins and cut the ties between receiving bitcoins and sending them out again. I feel that they work less well if a third party (e.g. CoinBase or big BTC website) knows both parties.
If you have been tracking Alice and Bob already and trying to see if Alice paid Bob, even after some coin mixing you will still see a chain of payments that ended up from Alice to Bob, with Alice paying 2 BTC total and Bob gaining 2 BTC. If I'm e.g. CoinBase and sent Alice some btc, and somehow tracked the BTC ending up in Bob's hand before he deposited back to me, I should be able to make reasonable assumptions that Alice paid Bob if I know they know each other and have high probability of paying each other.
I would say something like ZeroCoin/ZeroCash (or similar ideas, haven't been keeping track of the latest) would be necessary to completely erase traces of a coin's history.
@_date: 2015-03-20 07:36:42
Seems like this MITM attack could be easily found out though. A seller simply needs to buy from his own product to find that the two addresses don't match.
To eradicate it the signature idea seems fine to me. The seller publishes the signature in his profile (you need a profile to sell anyway right?) and then when he ships the packages to you he prints out that signature in the invoice inside the package. This way you (the buyer) will immediately know if the website's signature and the package's signature don't match.
The signature can be self published doesn't have to be licensed from third party.
@_date: 2015-03-22 01:48:49
As others have posted, your coins really reside on server side. The client side just really stores the key that allows you to use your coin.
I do wonder if it's possible to have an offline only crytocurrency though. I wonder if it needs some breakthrough in hardware that would allow trustless transferral of key without the other side being able to retain a copy.
@_date: 2015-03-19 00:05:50
Jesus guys, Buffer doesn't actively dislike Bitcoin, he just doesn't want to invest in it. Huge difference that a lot of people here miss.
Not wanting to invest in something because of a lack of understanding (and he's honest about it) doesn't mean he dislikes the tech or want Bitcoin to fail. Tech is just not what he specializes in, and guess what, he's been doing pretty well financially.
Why would he invest in a highly speculative commodity when he's doing really well investing in stocks? Also keep in mind he doesn't like commodity / gold in general as he likes to invest in actual companies that produce things. Even if he invests in Bitcoin (unlikely in near future) he would likely invest in Bitcoin related companies like Coinbase instead of buying BTC himself, after taking a very solid look at their earnings, etc.
@_date: 2015-03-10 06:51:15
Sure you could have a custom PIN as fallback but my point was that "require both" usually means if either PIN or TouchID fails you have failed authentication.
I guess I may have misunderstood you if you meant "allow TouchID but with PIN fallback". Sure that could work.
@_date: 2015-03-09 12:14:46
It's probably not a wise idea to require both... I think there's a very conscious reason why Apple always allow pin/password as fallback when Touch ID doesn't work. E.g. if you lost a finger, or skin is dirty etc you won't be able to use TouchID.
@_date: 2015-03-09 12:04:16
It's not anonymous, and imo this is a huge problem moving forward as the amount of precaution you have to do is pretty big if you are using bitcoins to buy grocery, car wash, pay rent, rent movies, borrow money, etc.
There *are* research into how to anonymize better (e.g. ZeroCoin/Zerocash or Coinjoin) but they are not mainstream yet.
@_date: 2015-02-25 02:00:36
And... how come it's suddenly illegal to kill the baby once it comes outside the mother's body? Where does the self-consciousness come in? Is it before or after birth? If before birth how many weeks into pregnancy?
If you don't know the answer to all these can you really accuse the other side for not being educated? I think these kind of debates are usually much more mirky than the black-and-white picture painted by both sides.
@_date: 2013-11-07 18:39:02
I'm talking about 50% not 51%. Also you don't necessarily gain control of the whole system with 51%, since it's still possible for other miners to occasionally get ahead with certain probabilities. This paper is all about calculating the probabilities with the average expected value of gains, so it should definitely not be 0.
@_date: 2013-11-07 20:46:15
You are right. I was an idiot and misunderstood that critical step where even if the attacker discovers a block in 0' it's just resetting to 0, rather than 1. I'll update the post
@_date: 2013-11-07 11:04:02
Yes the paper only addresses mining and how the incentive is to withhold blocks. They calculated as soon as a mining pool has 25% of total computing power (hashrates) they can start mining selfishly by withholding blocks which hurts bitcoin because mining is what keeps validation happening, and it hurts other miners in that the honest miners don't get they money they deserve.
I saw a lot of criticisms about how the paper ignored this, ignored that, or is a rehash of old ideas (see the post I made) but the real flaw is simply their math. They made some mistake without doing proper review and all the equations are simply wrong, so pretty much there's no point in discussing the rest unless they fix up their equations and still find that you can attack the system without needing &gt;51% of computing power.
Basically I'm just validating other people's opinion that the paper is junk, but for a better reason (I think).
@_date: 2013-11-10 08:59:21
I think for a cup of coffee the store could probably just allow unconfirmed transactions. Yes it's theoretically possible to immediately double-spend that $4 but is it really worth it? It probably happens rarely enough that they will just eat it.
@_date: 2013-11-07 13:06:35
That's fair enough. I really should solve the equations with the updated data and crunch the numbers to see how off they are and of course academic discussion is never bad.
Guess I was a little annoyed at the authors going so public about it ( when their papers haven't even been peer-reviewed. Academic discussions tend to be more conservative and less headline-grabbing. But then no need to discredit them.
@_date: 2013-11-06 01:21:39
I actually submitted a pull request to the Brainwallet GitHub repository to use a slower hashing algorithm (PBKDF2 with 100000 iterations salted with "brainwallet" to avoid clashing other known password hashes) so it's a little harder to crack ( The response I got was that since the ECC algorithm was already "slow enough" we don't need an even slower hashing algorithm, which I disagree with as every bit of security counts. I'm not trying to start a fork of brainwallet or anything but feel free to take a look at the pull request and nicely ask it to be integrated to Brainwallet :) Or you can just clone from my repo and host it yourself (
Now even with a slow hash if your passphrase doesn't have enough entropy it's not going to help in the long run. So if you really want to use brain wallets you probably want a randomly generated passphrase, something along the lines of "correct horse battery staple" as proposed by xkcd. You may want at least 5 words to have enough entropy though.
@_date: 2013-11-07 18:25:44
0' is special in that the other state transitions are based on a discrete timestep of "mining a new block". Every time you enter a new state you are mining a new block so it's roughly accurate to say every state transition takes 10 minutes. However 0' -&gt; 0 takes almost no time and at a much smaller timescale because it's just about the block propagation step, so the time it takes for 0' -&gt; 0 -&gt; 1 is the same as 0 -&gt; 1. You can't have a discrete timestep with various time like that, hence my objection 0' is a "transitive" state in that it doesn't really do anything.
E.g. I can set up a new middle state 0'' such that p(0' -&gt; 0'') = 1 and p(0'' -&gt; 0) =1. As a result p(0'') = p(0') = p(0). Does that mean I have to make the summation Σpk + p0' + p0'' = 1 now? I don't think so, because those steps take 0 time to take.
I have other objections to the math as well, and don't really agree with the rest of the equation formulation. Will post more on that later.
@_date: 2013-11-07 21:47:08
I made a mistake (sorry!). I think the math actually checks out. The paper still makes other assumptions that may be wrong but my initial assertions don't quite hold up. Please see the edits in the post.
@_date: 2013-11-07 20:45:21
Actually nevermind that. I made a mistake and you do make roughly 0 BTC out of the overall amount of BTC *in the long run* with a 50% hashrate attacker. I'll update my post.
@_date: 2013-11-07 19:55:46
So first of all we are talking about 50% or less, not 51%. Second the algorithm described in the paper does give honest miners a chance, since it's assuming alpha &lt;= 0.5.
If you *really* have 51% you basically just mine and mine from your own blocks and ignore any blocks not mined by you. This works since in the long run you will outmine anyone else and have the longest block.
The algorithm described in the paper will recognize an honest block whenever it becomes the longest and recognize it and start mining from it (see how state 1/2 -&gt; state 0). That means an honest miner still has a chance to make money under their algorithm. It's designed that way since it assumes we don't have 51% and can't stay ahead forever.So basically under that logic, honest miner will never be making 0 btc period.
None of this is really that important though. The making 0 btc at 50% was a motivation but the meat is the later paragraph describing the actual flaw in their math equations setup. There are more issues with how the probabilities are calculated but if you see any issue with my claim of Σpk = 1 I'll be interested to hear that.
@_date: 2013-11-07 12:51:02
While on a purely theoretical side doing client-side decryption like blockchain.info is as insecure as online wallet like Inputs.io (since if they are compromised they send bad JavaScript code to you as you log in) I think the magnitude would be much much less if blockchain.info is indeed compromised.
With client-side code, it's only possible to lose money when we actually log in and get sent the malicious JS code. That means only users logging in between the hack and the discovery will be affected and it's easier to handle, rather than losing literally every users' bitcoins.
It's also easier to detect a hack. I'm sure there are security conscious users  (I hope!) who constantly diff the JS code and sniff network traffic. The moment they see something is wrong they can notify other people and minimize the damage, rather than server-side code where no one knows what's going on nor can we validate the logic.
@_date: 2013-11-07 12:37:27
Alpha (α) is the hashrate percentage of the attacker. I made a mistake about α = 0, while it should be α = 0.5 when the paper indicated that the attacker will take all the money (which isn't the case). Made an edit to the post to correct that.
So no alpha is not 1. If alpha is 1 that means attacker has 100% hashrate i.e. controls the whole bitcoin network which is certainly not possible.
@_date: 2013-11-11 14:18:31
Agreed. Some people seem to think that bitcoins and banks are mutually incompatible but really different people prefer to store their money in different ways, and banks do provide interests. Without banks providing this service a lot of things we do in life would be quite difficult. Remember the last time you bought a house using cash? Well probably not since people usually take loans instead, funded by banks.
What bitcoin provides is the flexibility to store the cash when you need to, but that doesn't preclude using banks to safeguard them for you.
@_date: 2013-11-07 18:31:50
It doesn't really work like that. You really need to follow the state machines set by the paper to understand this. Basically let's say you have 45% chance selfish. There's 55% honest people will make money in the first run. After that if the selfish group establishes a fork, AND the honest 27.5% who are mining on the selfish block got it and therefore establishing the selfish block as canonical, guess what honest people still make money (those 27.5% still mined bitcoin and they are operated by honest people). So the expected value is roughly .45 * .25
Remember the key here is not honest block vs selfish block. Forks happen all the time anyway. It's more about overall how much money the miners get to make vs the honest miners get to make, i.e. the expected value.
The paper is trying to calculate the average expected value of money the honest miners will make vs selfish miners. No matter what the % of hashrate the attacker has the expected value of honest miner is *never* zero, as they can just get really lucky and produce block after block while the selfish group can't. The number will be low but certainly non-zero.
