@_author: yeahimgonnathrowaway
@_date: 2016-08-05 17:13:21
Hi there,
That's actually me you're talking about - who would have thought! Oddly, since I was with him, I've got used to people talking about me on the internet. Mostly they call me "stupid" or "naive" for being with him. I was naive, actually - I was quite young when he found me, and inexperienced in relationships. I didn't see the warning flags until it was too late - by which point, he had moved into my house without warning, taken control of all my money, nearly gotten me fired from my job to stop me being around other people, deleted many of my friends from Facebook, proofread all the messages I sent to my family, listened in to my phone calls, impersonated me... and more. 
Why did I not leave? Because I had a job I couldn't leave without failing my degree. Because I had no friends locally who I could stay with. Because I had no money. Because I was ashamed that I'd been fooled into getting into a relationship with someone who actually, genuinely hated me and thought I was ugly and stupid. And because I was afraid that no-one would ever believe me when I told them how bad it was.
He raped me when I'd been told I couldn't have sex because of the damage it would cause to my body. He raped me while I cried, and screamed, and bled. I said no, I said I didn't want to, I told him what the doctors had said. But I didn't "fight back" with my fists, because I was scared that if I did, I'd be left in a rented house I couldn't afford, with no money, and no-one to help me. I didn't "fight back", because he kept kitchen knives in every room of the house, always within reach, and just because he'd never done anything with them before didn't mean they weren't there for a reason. I didn't "fight back" because it could only ever have made things worse for me.
The reason I went through the court process, which is harrowing - everything has to be described in graphic detail, and you have to relive what happened to you again, and again, in front of police, and the barrister, and then the full court - is because he raped me. Repeatedly. The charge was for rape. The wording in the newspaper focuses on one thing that was said during several hours of testimony and cross-examination. The police agreed it was rape, or they would never have included me. The Crown Prosecution Service agreed it was rape, or they never would have brought the case. The twelve men and women of the jury agreed it was rape, or he wouldn't have been convicted.
I know I'm not going to change your mind with this - whatever I say, you're going to see this as some kind of feminist conspiracy. But I would like you to remember that what you say has an effect on not only his victims, but other rape victims too. I've lived with what he did to me for 3 years already - the same amount of time he was sentenced to for a single offence. I'm not over it. I'm still afraid - of him, of sex, of being in a situation where I don't feel I can escape. I still have flashbacks and nightmares, three years on. Putting him in prison won't take those away, but it will protect other people from him - and I think that's a good thing.