@_author: yeahididthatokcool
@_date: 2016-11-03 09:52:27
Throwaway here. Story time. I stumbled across bitcoin in early 2011, when prices were still under $1. I read the white paper, became obsessed, and bought a lot of bitcoin for less than a dollar (don't want to say exactly how many). The bulk of them I bought with...a cash advance on my credit card for a few thousand dollars. Yeah!
Anyway, my wife and I lived in a tiny house. I was finishing college, and she was making ~$40k a year at her job. She knew what I was doing and we agreed we could and would accept complete loss if it happened, and would have been able to cover the cash advance if we had to, but it would have hurt. So, yeah, pretty risky shit, but I was convinced, and she went along with me, for better or worse (it was better).
When bitcoin hit ~$32 in 2011, she begged me to sell. As you can imagine, that was already a very significant profit. It would have been more money than we had ever made at one time. But I held, and we almost threw up when it crashed shortly after that because of a MtGox hack (read up on the MtGox flashcrash).
I continued to hold until early 2014, when I sold a significant number of bitcoin. I sold a few weeks before another MtGox fuck up, and subsequent market crash. I didn't tell my wife, and she had sort of forgotten about bitcoin. That is until I called her and asked her to check our bank account because I was having trouble logging in (I wasn't). She checked our account on her phone, and her response was, "What the fuck!?". That's because there was a shit ton of money in our account. Hehe, surprise honey!
We paid off all my school loans, paid off all our credit cards, built a new house, bought two new cars, paid a 6 figure tax bill (I had consulted a tax attorney and CPA prior to selling to make sure I did everything on the up and up), and still had enough left over to roll into savings and more traditional, lower risk retirement investments. We previously had only $5,000 in savings, and too much credit card debt (not a ton, but, you know, more than $5,000).
We still have a mortgage because interest rates were low, and I figured we could do better with the money versus just having no mortgage. But we applied an atypically large down payment so that our mortgage on our new home (which is 4x the size of our old one, new, and in a fantastic neighborhood and school system) would be pretty much the same as our older, shitty, 1950s home.
I now have a good, stable job, with a good income. My wife still works, because she likes what she does. Our bills aren't that much more than before bitcoin happened, though our combined income is significantly more now. Plus we're where we ought to be with savings and retirement planning. And we got a ton of nice new shit, and carefully helped some people out.
We still have quite a few bitcoin left, with no plans of liquidating any time soon. So, yeah, thanks Satoshi. Bitcoin changed our lives.
Edit: Forgot to add that we were also underwater on our first home. Bought our first house in 2006, market tanked in that neighborhood. Our home was worth about $40k less than what we paid for it. After I liquidated that large sum of bitcoin, and while our new home was being completed, we did an update/rehabilitation of our existing home. Even with the rehab it sold for about $15k less than what we paid for it.
Now, we could have, and were even advised by some finance types, to just walk away from it because we had so much cash and could handle the ding to our credit. We did it because even though it was a shitty house, it was a roof over our heads, and we wanted to leave it and the neighborhood better than we left it. A nice family lives there now, and more investors have come into the neighborhood and made it a much nicer first, small home neighborhood.