@_author: yeahiwehf83
@_date: 2015-03-04 02:13:00
This is great and totally true. I am one of those people that put time and money into altcoins. With that said. Some are shit coins. Yes absolutly But Many of these coins are making legitimate contributions and making real changes. Some of my favorite altcoins are Gridcoin (research) which does Distributed Computations. I mine Gridcoins and my computer uses its power to Help with scientific research My computer gets paid to help with the milkyway at home project that helps make models of the Milky way. There are many more projects that you can choose from. so By supporting coins that do distributed computing you are supporting the scientific research including protein folding, Math stuff and cures and all kinds of stuff.  I feel that even if gridcoin was copied over and over the it is just complimentary not competitive. my other favorites are ripple because that is the network that the Banks will be using to compete with Bitcoin it is backed by goolge ventures and whatnot. Then you have Maidsafe which is great because it decentralizes the web but it is a coin that could get copied and improved on. then you have coins that take all the improvements of all the coins and put them into one coin. The Altcoins are amazing. You have to respect the altcoins that make real Innovations. Not all altcoins are shitcoins and not all coins that make real innovations are a good investment because they are all open source and can be copied. Bitcoin is like the BandAid brand of Crypto currency. You can Make money on Altcoins and you can lose money on altcoins. You can make money on Bitcoin and you can Lose money on Bitcoin. I learned alot the Hard way. But don't just Hate on Altcoins. I made alot of money on lightcoin, NXT, Ripple and Bitcoin. I lost money on Quark, Bella (I was so stupid But I learned), and NXT and Bitcoin. Etc Its the wild west out there
@_date: 2015-03-04 06:58:04
Chill out Luke Jr. And you forgot Bitcoin I lost money on Bitcoin as well I noticed you conveininetly left that one out. (of the circle jerk post). Like me making money on ripple is at the expense of a Victim but losing money on Bitcoin is somehow different. I don't think you know as much as you think you do. And Yes there are a few small banks that have already incorporated Ripple into their infrastructure. Do your own research. I will be buying more ripples when it finishes its down trend. Bitcoin recently showed some strong buy signals. Do you Even know how to read a Chart?