@_author: yellowsharkmt
@_date: 2017-08-22 17:05:37
Just as an anecdote on the fees, I've been picking up some altcoins on Bittrex recently and am in the process of shifting them to my local wallets. I'm not sure if this is Bittrex's fee structure or what, but New Economy Movement (XEM) appears to have a flat rate of 15 XEM (~$3.75 USD currently) for all transactions, while Siacoin (SC) have a flat rate of 0.1 SC (Siacoin are insanely cheap right now also, like $0.006/ea), so that's a flat transaction fee of $0.0006, to send any amount of Siacoin.
Value of those particular coins aside, I found it interesting that one has a relatively high flat rate transaction fee, while another one is unfathomably cheap. Obviously they both have very different features and use cases, along with being at different points in their development timelines - but that fact alone speaks to the diverse array of problems and solutions that are being developed right now.
@_date: 2017-08-23 16:11:03
As a child of an autoworker who participated in numerous strikes throughout his career, I'd like to say that your understanding of why people go on strike ("to get their control over automarkers") is drastically wrong. My dad went on strike to fight against promises that were broken; whether that was insurance benefits being reduced, pensions being cut, employees being unfairly dismissed, or otherwise. I'll be glad to concede that unions have been operated in a political fashion, and that some strikes were less-warranted than others; but that doesn't mean they were necessarily wrong.
You have to understand something about autoworkers back in the 60's and 70's: they were made promises. Promises like, "work your ass off in this semi-dangerous factory for 30 years, and a.) you'll be able to support your family on one wage, and b.) you'll have a pension/retirement plan that'll support you in your later years."
Those promises were methodically broken and cast aside during the 80's &amp; 90's, and THAT is why people went on strike. My old man used to say: "If you think big business is just gonna take care of you, you're wrong." He wasn't about controlling the company or bankrupting them - that's insane; he was fighting for the promises that were made to him and his fellow employees, promises which were broken to enrich shareholers and execs.
Anyway, spoiler alert: they lost. America's auto &amp; factory workers earn dick now, and unions are at historically-low membership levels. And we wonder what happened to that thriving middle-class? Gee whiz, I fucking wonder.
@_date: 2018-02-17 14:23:37
You could always just deposit cash and use GDAX, the fees are basically zero.