@_author: yeropinionman
@_date: 2011-09-09 13:34:33


I suppose that's true. I'm making an "argument from authority" which is not a very strong form of argument. I'll just say that I have the impression that 95% of the text books used to teach undergraduates and master's students economics in the USA agree with me on what inflation is, what level of price rises from year-to-year is okay, etc. 
I learned from Mankiw's text book, but I've read bits of the Taylor, Wells-Krugman, and Delong macro books. Bernanke also makes public statements that support the idea of using "the price level of a basket of goods that is representative of what people buy with their wages" as the proper measure of inflation. Again, this is argument from authority which I expect you won't find very convincing. But to convince me you're going to have to show me that they agree with you or that they are wrong.
But I think something else is going on here too, which is that we're arguing about the definition of a word and that's not what matters. Let's say you were right that we should only use the word "inflation" to mean "changes in the quantity of money in the economy" or something like that. So from here down I'll use the word in this way.
How can inflation hurt me other than through actual observed changes in the purchasing power of my money? There are a few ways to observe changes in the purchasing power of money. CPI and the price index of GDP are the two most popular ways. Maybe there's another, better way. Let's hear it! But we have to use something like CPI, right? Because only by observing the actual purchasing power of the currency can we know that we are being harmed by inflation. Or is there some way that inflation hurts me other than by changing the actual prices of the stuff I buy?
@_date: 2011-09-09 20:24:50


That doesn't quite work either because many forms of wealth rise with inflation. This includes stocks, short-term bonds (which will roll over into new bonds that have higher interest rates to compensate for inflation), inflation-indexed bonds, real estate, private equity, and commodities. Physical cash and long-term bonds are the main examples of wealth that doesn't rise with inflation (and are therefore like points you scored in the first half before they changed the value of a TD).
@_date: 2011-09-07 12:32:48


Most economists think that inflation of around 2-3% is helpful in certain ways, but no one, including Krugman, says inflation above that is always good. Krugman has been saying that right now we are in a special situation (the only other time like this was the great depression) where we need inflation of about 4-5% for like 2-3 years, *then we should go back to 2-3%*.


Inflation does not allow governments to spend without limit. A *rise* in the rate of inflation (say from 3% annually to 4% annually) devalues all existing debt a bit. But then you're stuck with higher inflation and all new debt is issued at higher interest rates that take that higher inflation into account. So for inflation to "allow unlimited government spending" it has to be *constantly accelerating* inflation. That either reaches a limit (e.g. at 10% inflation people demand policies that slow inflation, at which point government spending is no longer enabled by accelerating inflation) or ends with hyperinflation. We have never had consistently accelerating inflation in the U.S. and we don't have it now.


When both prices and wages rise it does not hurt workers or consumers. It's like saying that your local football team would be hurt if we started awarding 12 points for a touchdown instead of 6 points. The change is on both sides of the ledger, so who is hurt?


If the government kept it secret when the printed money, how would you know that sinister "inflation" was happening, that you were being hurt? "Inflation" means prices and wages rising such that the value of the currency is different but the value of an hour worked in terms of goods and services it can buy doesn't change. It's a wage-price spiral.