@_author: yesman_
@_date: 2014-10-24 20:05:50
This sums it up quite nicely: 
@_date: 2014-10-22 20:03:49


Demurrage: the idea that instead of rewarding miners for securing the network, we should levy taxes on all users at a rate determined by committee.
Why use demurrage instead of transaction fees to incentivize miners?
@_date: 2014-10-24 20:59:34
Here's yet another guy who refuses to admit blockchain tech doesn't work without a currency incentivizing its network security. Rewarding miners with BTC in an algorithmic way is how Satoshi solved the Byzantine General's problem for crying out loud.
But to his credit, Robinson has a point about decentralization. "Decentralization" is just a buzzword amongst the technophile elite of western countries. Decentralization isn't glitzy enough. To the common man, decentralization makes for apps that don't enrich a tiny cabal of insiders with your cash and personal data. In other words a Facebook without the money-grubbing data vacuuming reptilian component.
@_date: 2014-11-21 23:00:27


That actually depends on your definition of collapse. If by 2030, Bitcoin transaction fees aren't at least a hundred times greater than what they are today, Bitcoin miners will not be financially incentivized to secure the blockchain anymore. That could very well lead to a collapse in network security, which would in turn undermine trust in the Bitcoin blockchain and cause the masses to flock to something like Ethereum which is far more sustainable and innovative.
@_date: 2014-11-21 23:11:56
Seeing as you're long BTC, why wouldn't the next guy who invests in BTC be long BTC? Why would a merchant who is sold on the idea of BTC not believe more people would use it in the future?
@_date: 2014-10-24 21:31:03
There is still room for profit on sidechains, because you can charge a BTC usage fee. For instance, I posit Blockstream's real business model is doing this for colored coins. You guys talk about Zerocash and whatnot but I very much doubt Blockstream raised $15M by promising to make Bitcoin anonymous.


You don't need to reshuffle ownership with Peter R's proposal. This is a false dichotomy, and it presumes the "public" adopting Bitcoin isn't attracted to market volatility. It's like everyone wants to attract Wall Street without realizing the volatility is profitable for traders.
@_date: 2014-11-21 23:08:42


That is so incorrect it's not funny. Without Bitcoin, you couldn't buy Ethereum and there are plenty of other investments unique to the Bitcoin space that out and out require you to join in the fun. Adopting Bitcoin for idealogical reasons was early days. People still do buy BTC without desiring to speculate, but it's not even close to the demand for speculation or business opportunity and investment.
@_date: 2014-11-21 22:48:23
I don't believe that at all. What's the appeal of SchellingCoin or the BitUSD or whathaveyou? You're telling me people will be willing to say BitUSD is really 1:1 with regular USD sitting in a bank account?
Can you pay your taxes with BitUSD? If not, there's no equivalence between BitUSD and regular USD.
Even if SchellingCoin worked perfectly from a crypto standpoint, which is far from assured, there would be no officially sanctioned avenues through which BitUSD could become real USD in a bank account. I find the whole concept of a BitUSD an exercise in intellectual masturbation that has no basis in reality. I'm willing to be wrong, but just don't see it working no matter what.
People need to forget about USD. Either you're long Bitcoin and view BTC as being better than USD with enough adoption, or you don't. Forget about USD. If you want a stable crypto asset, start an army and peg BitGold to real gold backed by your reserves and guns, and forget about this stupid SchellingCoin crap. Or just use BTC! If you're not prepared to go long on BTC, why are you even here???
@_date: 2014-12-13 23:02:02
Raise money to make an innovative piece of software? You're a scammer.
Launch faster than your competitors? Your system is changing too quickly.
Didn't launch fast enough? Your abilities are called into question.
Build something innovative? No one sees any value.
You didn't use BTC natively? Why must you club baby seals  
@_date: 2015-01-11 04:53:54
Source? Why would a sidechain be more secure than Bitcoin's main blockchain?
@_date: 2015-01-11 05:02:08
So you agree Counterparty, which uses Bitcoin's blockchain, is more secure than sidechains then?
@_date: 2015-01-12 21:17:32
If your ZeroNet site consumes a Twitter API where updates happen many times per second, how could ZeroNet distribute the Twitter feed to all peers? Am I right to think the approach precludes certain classes of applications like Bitcoin exchanges?
@_date: 2015-02-21 00:24:57
Who are you to assume you will know the precise *emotionally driven* reasoning for the next thousand Chinese people to plunk millions of dollars into cryptocurrency? How many random things have you bought in your life that you look back on now as being completely fucking stupid, but it ended up changing your life or your preferences in a big way?  This happens all the time. If someone is on the edge of buying Bitcoin but thinks it's too expensive, or thinks it's overpriced, maybe what they need is to feel like they are buying some different asset that appears far more undervalued? Do you know of a single altcoin investor that wouldn't accept your BTC in a barter situation? Isn't that what it's all about? You want to be able to go anywhere in the world and have everybody there willing to accept your coins in exchange for the items you need to survive. If that calls for an altcoin hype train every now and again, then ok. Is it really *that* bad that the speculators put a sliver of BTC's market cap into something new? New and different things attract new and different users. Like Wendell said, a rising tide lifts all boats.
"Hmm, I'm on the fence about BTC but this other cryptocurrency looks like a hot investment. Welp, better completely disregard theory of cryptocurrency forget about Bitcoin and go to this other thing" said no altcoin investor ever.
@_date: 2015-02-21 00:43:55
Fully agreed. But the GP's point still stands. Bitcoin's supply cap could be increased to 22 million or 50 million or 500 million if we all decided it was imperative to make those changes. There are no guarantees in decentralized governance. It's one of the few decided benefits of centralization, fucking dictators get to decide everything that happens and make strong guarantees to the public. There are no such guarantees with Bitcoin. That is what everyone is worried about. Who the fuck are these 1000 anarchist hacking druglords who own 50% of all bitcoins etc? However, it is only a matter of time before celebs, movie stars and so on will adopt bitcoin out of greed and then average joe will have less and less doubts about the lack of guarantees in decentralized governance. That still doesn't change the fact that Bitcoin insiders or core devs could pull the rug out from under us all in 200 years.
@_date: 2015-02-21 00:47:29
Bitcoin early adopters are by and large the stingiest fucking people with their cash. They would never support funding OpenBSD to any signfiicant degree and would probably just find the time to "eventually" contribute using their l33t haxoring skills. Which would never happen, but hey, that's a deflationary economy for you. Nothing we can really do about it and the benefits of ending limitless wars and genocides and all this other crap make switching to deflationary money a sustainable option.
@_date: 2015-02-21 00:48:55
resisting -- upvote -- button
god dammit NSA. FUCKING stasi world man
@_date: 2015-02-21 04:04:54
You mean, am I counting on people to make buying decisions based on emotion instead of logic? Why, YES. Fucking YES. This is why people do things. People don't do things for logical reasons. So don't get your panties in a twist over people buying altcoins. A rising tide lifts all boats.