@_author: yetanotherrandomdude
@_date: 2013-11-28 14:26:33
Lol. I make the points all the time in real life in many  thought-provoking conversations (this not being one of them since you offer nothing more than stating your offense).
Society hasn't evolved. Slavery has. Free-range cattle produce much more efficiently than when chained.
And you accuse those who understand the simple law of supply and demand of blindly following a religion.  But if you take a second to look in the mirror, you'll find that your statism has *much* more in common with a religion.
@_date: 2013-11-28 05:07:27


Simply a band-aid for a larger problem due to the lack of competition.


By "oil industry in the 1800's", I'm assuming you're referring to Standard Oil and the [very debatable "monopoly" status that they held]( correct??
True monopolies happen, not when corporations get too big.  It's when they get too big to continue to innovate, but have enough money to [use the government]( to keep smaller [competition out of the market](


It seems you likely didn't do too well with analogies in school.  (I'm assuming public??  Don't worry.  I'm still in public school rehab myself.)
The comparison wasn't between building roads and slavery.  It was comparing *taxation* to slavery.  "Taxation is to roads as slavery is to cotton."  One is an immoral means to some perceived benefit.
But your offense is duly noted.  I'll inform the other minorities at the next big meeting to put you down for those points.
@_date: 2013-11-28 04:27:59
The "what about the roads" argument is a fallacious one in that it attempts to justify the morality of an inherently immoral act by pointing to the perceived net-positive of the result.  This is about as valid as a pre-Civil War southerner exclaiming "but who will pick the cotton which is the foundation of our way of life??!!"
The answer here is "I don't care.  That's not my problem.  *Your* problem is that you're subjugating people, regardless of the benefit".
But the notion that ordered systems can only emerge from central planning seems utterly preposterous on its face.  If you believe this, then you must also give credence to the creationists who exclaim things like "eyes *had* to have been designed by someone.  That couldn't have just *happened*!"
Take something as simple as traffic that we can all rationally agree "oh, yes...we *must* have controls in place, or no one will ever be able to get out of traffic...and PEOPLE WILL DIE!!"  This, as it turns out, [is proven to not be the case](
Systems find order.  Systems that aren't allowed to find that order fight the restraints (and usually win).  And yes, traffic, economies, and even societies are systems.
But if you still want to spend time on the "what about the roads" argument, that video I linked to has some good *possibilities* (note, that one person cannot play the part of innovator and inventor to a world that doesn't exist).
And back to your main thrust regarding the internet requiring the government...I can't imagine where you got that from.  There is a [false myth stating that the government invented the internet for war-time communications](  However, even if you believed that, you *have* to realize that the rapid pace of innovation that happened in such a short span had 0 to do with the government.  In fact, it happened *because* the government was not able to figure out how it worked in order to regulate it.  If they had, it wouldn't be evolving at the break-neck pace that it did.
In fact, you know that browser you're reading this on?  Yeah, it's entirely based on open web standards that is *entirely* defined without the government.
We can voluntarily and cooperatively create things like HTML, CSS, javascript, SQL, etc that have changed the world and have done so at such a rapid pace for no other reason than being out of the governments reach for so long.
But, if you want to talk about regulation of the physical lines...yeah...that regulations working out great.  So great that many places *still* have monopolies where they can only choose 1 internet carrier.
Don't like Comcast??  Well fuck you, because they're the only game in town...
Thank you "regulation".
Edit:  Do I use the roads?  Yes I do.  However, if the mafia sent to goon to extort "protection money" from me, if another gang came around trying to milk me, you'd be damn certain I'd be expecting the original thugs to off the new thugs since I already "paid" for their services.
In other words, I'm using what I've already paid for, even if it wasn't by choice.