@_author: yeuph
@_date: 2018-05-29 08:56:43
Jihan Wu also has a copyrighted mining advantage in BCash.  It was in Bitcoin as well but it got patched with Segwit.  Segwit forced Jihan to create his own coin so he joins forces with Faketoshi and Roger to create a massive pump\-n\-dump scam coin.  
@_date: 2018-06-29 04:59:25
I bought a rather large amount of stuff off of Newegg yesterday using Bitcoin.  
I just prefer using crypto.  My lifestyle and my interests lend to it being much easier for me to use cryptocurrency.  I also absolutely despise the banks but I don't want you to get the impression that the reason I like Bitcoin is because I don't like banks - It is genuinely easier for me to use Bitcoin on nearly every transaction because of my computer-centric lifestyle.  The stuff about being free from the banking system is just a bonus.
@_date: 2018-06-29 07:10:14
SHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH DUDE
@_date: 2018-06-29 06:33:39
People get the wrong idea about investing in crypto.  I convinced some people to invest back in December and they all took a beating; however they didn't listen to me.
I told people about the kind of money I was making - I told them they should buy crypto.  All of them asked the same thing "Wow!  How much should I invest?  like 5,000 dollars?"
"Dude, no - no, no no.  You should invest what is a small amount of money for you and repeat the transaction every week.  Eventually the way our phones work your phone will figure out you're interested and information about crypto will start entering your news feed and you'll have your own opinions and understand it.  I mean, maybe invest like 50 a week if you *REALLY* believe in crypto (this was to people that clear 1,000 a week)."
Pretty much all of the construction guys I knew and told about crypto dumped something like 10,000 dollars into crypto right before the crash and *poof* now it's my fault.  I told them just *a little bit* every week.
That's my recommendation then and it's my recommendation to you now.  You're obviously curious - and you should be.  Why not have Coinbase automatically withdraw 10 dollars a week from your paycheck - 5 into BTC and 5 into Ethereum?  That won't effect you.  I feel its going to be a few years before we see another bullrun so 10 bucks a week is an effortless and zero-risk way for you to become involved in cryptocurrency and the next time (in 2022 or whatever) when Crypto jumps 100X in value you'll have a few thousand dollars invested.
Consider it.  It's good advise.  I know crypto much better than probably almost anyone else you could talk to (and yes, there are thousands of exceptions in the world - out of hundreds of millions of people).  I've been making a fortune while everyone else is losing money.  Give it a little bit of thought ;)
@_date: 2018-06-29 06:06:43
I personally find dealing with bank ledgers to be \*excruciatingly\* difficult.  I haven't used a banking app that felt intuitive or didn't actually out-right lie to me hoping to get some bounced-check fees from misrepresenting the amount of money I have.
You are probably right though, the ability to log into a site and use pre-saved details is roughly as easy as it is for me to use a crypto wallet.  The difficulty though would be purchasing from different sites and Chrome can't keep my address correct as I moved and it always inputs the wrong zipcode on my debit card.  It's so fucking annoying.
Anyway - Blockchain has some problems too so we can nitpick and go back and forth but right now the end-user experience (for people familiar with both systems) is roughly equal.
What I \*absolutely hate\* is the inability to send money to someone digitally - sure you can use Paypal and get robbed for it but I'm not even going to count that.  I should be able to sit on my computer and send however much money I want to to anyone I want to instantly with minimal fees.  With banks that is nearly impossible.  Even if someone is a savvy bank client and can get you their account information quickly and your bank offers online money transfer it usually takes at least 5 days for the transfer to go through, what in the actual fuck?  I can send you Bitcoin right now and you can use it anywhere in the world.  Your bank has to approve of what you are doing and where you are spending to allow you to use your money.
Now, the last point I made is 100&amp; true.  It is obviously appalling but some people don't have a lifestyle where they ever come into conflict with their bank so it doesn't matter as much.  Many people do - and these don't have to be illicit lifestyles.  It's just plain difficult for people that travel to deal with banks.  I use to drink something called Kava - my bank would freeze my account \*EVERY TIME\* I ordered Kava and I would have to spend a minimum of 30 minutes on the phone with my bank verifying that it was me that ordered it.  There are some counties in the United States where Kava isn't legal now - can you imagine buying Kava and having your bank account frozen and then having to spend 30+ minutes verifying that you broke a law in your county to get access to your money?
Some of this stuff matters to people, some of it doesn't.  I can assure you that at least \*some\* of this stuff matters to \*everyone\* though.  The advantages to ignoring the banking system are pretty profound if you don't live a sliced-white-bread life (and again, you don't have to do anything illegal - you could simply like traveling or have contractors/business partners that are oversees.  Do you know how hard it is to move money in and out of China right now using the banking system?  It's nearly impossible.  With Bitcoin its nearly instant.)
The best advice I can give you is to try to use it.  Try to get familiar with the ecosystem.  The advantages are numerous and undeniable after you're comfortable with the tech.
@_date: 2018-06-29 06:19:33
It's kinda difficult to explain what I do but for the sake of not-spending a couple hours describing stuff we can just say that I'm a miner - even though that's not really true  
(though the computer equipment I bought on Newegg will make me one!  No, I'm not ASIC mining and I'm not GPU mining either.  I have a trick up my sleeve xd)
@_date: 2018-06-29 08:14:23
No, that's cool though.  My first time reading about it.  I may see if I can get my hands on some of that equipment to fuck around for the helluva it too.  
I bought a bunch of x86 equipment.  I have my reasons and intuitions.  I don't really want to go blabbering about why I want to CPU mine crypto in 2018 \*that much\* because I'm gonna be happy in my niche.  If 2,000 other people start doing what I'm doing that'll be unfortunate for me.
@_date: 2018-06-29 05:44:10
What makes you think I bought Bitcoin?  My business pays me in cryptocurrency.  If I want to buy something in fiat I have to convert to fiat, that's so much harder.
And while I am right now in the minority the amount of people that get paid in crypto or fiat on-a-blockchain (so they will be using the same interfaces I use) is going to be increasing in volume every year until people like myself are in the majority.
Edit:  And it is actually easier using a blockchain wallet like Bitcoin Core to make transactions with than entering debit/credit cards.  *A lot* easier.
@_date: 2017-09-03 17:36:24
I don't think that the majority of the world cares as much about decentralized currency as the current generation of crypto investors. By the time crypto has truly received mass adoption I'd be willing to wager that it it will be traceable and centralized (*cough* like it is now *cough*).
Anyway my point is that I think there will be more than enough investors to make a bank-owned crypto viable, even preferable to the kind that you and I would generally support.
@_date: 2017-09-03 02:12:30
I don't think any banks or governments want to use XRP.  I sold mine (2k coins) today when I read that major banks are creating their own crypto for money transfers.
Everyone loves Ripple's technology but no one wants to use XRP with it. =(