@_author: yggdrasil98
@_date: 2016-11-03 18:42:09
Yep, there's nothing China can do to stop bitcoin. It's not like over half of bitcoins mining power is centralized in China, where the Chinese government can easily access it. Moreover, china is quickly losing power in the mining world, with no plans to build another huge centralized facility that will further cement their hold on the market. that would be stupid. I'm sure glad that bitcoin is decentralized.
@_date: 2016-12-19 07:53:48
LMAO, some people are seriously deluded. Many of the bitcoin farms are profitable because the mining facility is taking advantage of subsidized electricity, which is not exactly a net positive for China. Anyways, the economic contribution from bitcoin mining right now  is negligible relative to the Chinese economy, and could easily be eclipsed by the negative impact of bitcoin facilitating capital outflow out of the country. Making noise and pissing off a country when bitcoin mining  is so centralized is crazy right now. Bitcoin will be need to be larger and more decentralized if it can hope to assist with meaningful capital outflows without fearing government intervention.
@_date: 2016-12-19 07:43:25
To ban USD or gold, they have to kill the black market (nearly impossible) or change the laws of physics. To disrupt bitcoin and make it untrusted, they just need to confiscate mining facilities from 4-5 individuals/groups. One is substantially easier than the other. Bitcoiners should not be egging China on right now when mining is so centralized, and the ecosystem is still fragile.
@_date: 2016-12-19 22:39:47
Who said remove? If China was pissed at bitcoin for facilitating capital outflow, they could easily confiscate the equipment and run a 50% attack, thereby disrupting all transactions and potentially roll back the blockchain to reverse the transactions.
Bitcoin users and developers would then need to switch to another proof, and decide on what is the real blockchain. All transactions would be untrusted during this period, and  bitcoins value would crash. Given how fractured the bitcoin community is right now, it could take a long time for the community to reach consensus for the new protocol, and it is possible bitcoin would fracture into multiple hard forks, with each claiming to be the real bitcoin. Even if we reach consensus, mining would be weak due to the lack of dedicated computers, and a large gov like China could still disrupt by using bot nets and computers within their country that they control.
This process would break bitcoins reliability and people's trust that it will be there in tough times. Right now, the China overlook bitcoin because outflows using bitcoin are minuscule relative to the overall economy, but we should not make noise until bitcoin is decentralized enough to withstand an attack like what I described above
@_date: 2017-05-29 16:48:37
Switch to ethereum, why else do you think the price has risen so much. I always was concerned about ethereums larger attack surface and still am, but this ongoing bullshit and impending fork (there will be a fork that will crash the bitcoin price as opposing sides flood the market with their opposing coin) has finally converted me along with many others to ethereum. Fuck everybody who pushed it to this point and couldn't compromise.