@_author: yilmzfurkan
@_date: 2018-10-08 07:49:46
Very helpful video thank you for sharing it. 
@_date: 2019-06-02 11:10:26
No, they are working on their own solution.
@_date: 2018-11-01 11:56:02
CEO of Twitter. 
@_date: 2019-01-12 12:27:34


You should never download Samourai Wallet from non-official/shady webpages. They provide the SHA-256 key of the official APK so you can compare that with the APK which you have downloaded before installing it. ([


AFAIK Samourai Wallet added to Play Store \~2016. Google didn't had that policy back then it came out recently ([ If you know how F-Droid works its really slow to update apps since they build it their own and there are lots of apps to be build in general I am also a huge F-Droid fan don't forget to donate/contribute to F-Droid they are doing an awesome work. Samourai Wallet is still in Alpha and it needs to be updated regularly and be shared fast so Google Play is a decent way to do it also it helps to see statics (default by Google if you have Google Services installed on your phone Samourai don't include any trackers, their Exodus Privacy Report here: [ and improve the app fixing bugs etc. are easier since the feedback mechanism which Google Play has. Also a little but non-important thing is Samourai back-end is currently not open-sourced they are working on that if they would add it to F-Droid now they would probably marked as promoting non-free network not so important but a little note. (I don't mean here that their back-end open sourcing is not important the notice mark on F-Droid is not important. Please don't try to draw the subject here.) They will be added to F-Droid really soon once they hit stable and completely open sourced their back-end.


They stated that clearly and that's why they are still on Alpha. They have explained to these numerous times ([ Also that's really hard to be a light wallet as you stated that the safest way is running your own node to maximize your privacy. As I told this is why they are still in Alpha once they release their back-end you can run their implementation on your full node and fully bypass their infrastructure. They are also working on a plug&amp;play node ([ For their Ricochet, Stonewall and Paynym features you can have a look at their webpages. ([ [ [ They are all open-sourced features and processed on the client, not on their servers.


Welcome to the Bitcoin world while financial sovereignty is something awesome it comes with huge responsibility don't going to list here examples which people lost a ton of bitcoins from paper wallets, other wallets, mistakes etc. I remember that guy as you can see in the comments Samourai team tried to help him also I and my friends tried to help him lots of hours (the chat history is available on Telegram group if someone wants to see it feel free to join and read it its pretty long btw)  I invited him to the group ([ and he was a pretty good guy he didn't accused Samourai but just wanted help. The Github repository is there you can search the code/commit history and see that there is nothing wrong in private key generation the problem isn't on the Samourai side.
@_date: 2018-03-23 19:14:31
I respect your work and trying to build an open-source platform but calling Bitcoin Cash is hurting the real Bitcoin name so its literally a scam coin. I would recommend to rename it to Bcash. How Trezor handle it. [Picture.](
@_date: 2018-03-23 19:04:12


Bcash. 