@_author: yishan
@_date: 2014-01-30 01:24:22
Very few of them make it "to the moon" (so to speak) like this one.  Perhaps there will be others.
@_date: 2016-03-26 20:00:11
Yeah, I am not derisive about the idea or effects of doing this, but the problem of specifying in sufficient detail what you want software (or its components) to do in such a way so as to eliminate buggy corner cases or exceptions is an unsolved problem.
Successful mechanization of the software *production* process (and compensating people for it) is not the real problem, the entire issue is that specifying what you want your program to do requires as much detail as the actual writing of the code.
@_date: 2015-07-09 20:08:01
I should probably chime in with some details.
By my recollection, we only had one conversation about (this doesn't dampen my support for the idea, just want to outline how much we actually were able to to discuss/plan) it, and in my mind it did not necessarily involve any usage of the blockchain.  However, I can see if had extended the idea in the meantime.
My implementation concept was to retrofit the existing open-source distributions of the reddit codebase so that:
1) People wishing to bring up an instance of reddit could do so easily.  The currently default settings of the reddit codebase make it pretty hard to get it running, mostly because it's optimized for reddit's at-scale setup.  We'd package it up with some nice default settings and how-to guides so that little Aiden could install it on his dorm computer.  Call each of these separate installations of reddit an "instance."
2) Create an open "inter-reddit protocol" similar to how [USENET]( works, where each installation of reddit could publish the subreddits it was hosting (posts, comments, votes) to other instances of reddit.
Then, the administrators of each reddit instance could decide to "subscribe" to any set or subset of subreddits hosted on other installations of reddit.  These subreddits would then be imported into that instance for the readership of that subreddit to subscribe to. 
The idea is that if you had your account on reddit on "reddit prime" or "reddit voat" or "reddit lots-of-questionable-porn" you could create a frontpage consisting of subreddits from that home instance of reddit, mixing in subreddits from any of the instances that the admins of that instance had decided to import from.
Due to the asynchronous nature of posting, commenting, and even voting (a lag in counting votes is ok), all of these operations could just be re-transmitted back to the original hosting instance, computed, and rebroadcast out to all subscribing reddits - you could dynamically batch them depending on load and ambient throughput conditions.
Advantages would include making it so that every reddit instance need only conform to the inter-reddit protocol; they could experiment with different sets of features (or even ranking algorithms - since they are computed on the fly from raw vote totals, the only things which are transmitted) without requiring that the entire universe of reddits adopt them.
While it would not be *utterly* decentralized, I believe that allowing for multiple "domains" of hosted reddit instances would be sufficiently federated to make it impossible to ever completely destroy reddit - let's call this Reddit with a capital-R.  Subreddits who found themselves unwelcome on one host could migrate to another one (or be exiled to another one, if they were bringing down powerful forces that its host could not resist), while still making themselves available to whichever other installations wanted to import them.  You could host reddit instances that were political sensitive/dangerous in Iceland or whereever they needed to be to be safe from those whom they were pissing off.  It would also allow the broader universe of many-reddits to collectively vote on which subreddits to shun, by not importing them, yet not outright banning them.  In essence, this would turn reddit into a new kind of open internet protocol, instead of being one company.
This would solve two key problems at once: make Reddit and its community immune to censorship by powerful forces, and allow individual reddits to decline to host subreddits they found objectionable without having ban them, i.e. exile instead of execution.
I actually discussed this a bit with and but it was only in the context of long-term plans.  Other more immediate priorities like moving to our own datacenter (right now reddit is inherently pwned by being Amazon-hosted) were more pressing, and we needed much more engineering capacity to undertake the project anyway.
@_date: 2015-07-11 19:51:27
You can currently manipulate votes by spinning up alt accounts on the One True Reddit.  :)
reddit tracks voting patterns from likely alt accounts and just discards votes that it thinks aren't real.  Each reddit installation could just also do this with incoming votes from other instances, or even just decide that it's only going to count votes from its home instance.  EVERYTHING is possible!
@_date: 2016-02-16 01:46:25
I hope his CTO took his bet then, for some intra-company lols no matter who wins!
@_date: 2016-02-15 02:55:58
I also corroborate this.
Back when reddit first added support for paying for gold in BTC and Coinbase wasn't as well-established (they were just two guys), I went over to their office and personally grilled him and his co-founder until I was satisfied that not only did they understand every technical and economic/game-theoretic aspect of bitcoin, but also well enough that they could explain it clearly to a technical person who knew nothing about how it worked.
Over the next few years, I've been very impressed at how well he and his company have navigated the insanely complicated landscape of being the largest exchange for a still-very-immature, radically innovative, yet already-globally-competitive financial instrument. The regulatory, community, anti-fraud, and customer service issues involved in running a business like that are monstrous, and yet they have more or less managed to make good decisions and resolve difficult trade-offs for years.
I guess that ended up sounding a bit more shilly than I originally intended, but I just wanted to weigh in with my opinion that this guy and his company are definitely not morons.
@_date: 2012-11-09 01:04:04
Yeah, I've been a longtime subscriber to and had done a lot of investigation into BTC quite a bit about a year ago before I took the reddit job (on my own, as a subject of interest).
So - no promises, but we're looking into it.
@_date: 2012-01-04 04:39:04
My understanding is that bitcoin gains would be taxed as a gain on an appreciating asset (like a stock).  So you would just declare your basis (the amount you paid) and then subtract that from the amount you made on cashing some of them in.  You would then pay taxes on the gains.
Caveat: You should probably talk to an accountant who deals with clients who trade in forex as well as assets like rare coins to make sure there aren't any asset-class-related snags/exemptions you need to be aware of.  Also, my understanding of tax law (and I am not an accountant or anything, just a regular dude) is American, not Canadian.  I'm sure your taxes are different from ours, like your government gives you health care in return for it and stuff while ours does not.
@_date: 2011-06-23 04:06:36
There are a couple of reasons:
1) I'm really busy.  I'm interested in bitcoin, but it's not a cause I want to spend a lot of time on (yet/if-ever).  
2) I'm not really a security professional myself.  I've known or worked alongside some people who are, so I know what kinds of backgrounds the good ones have, but I am not one myself.  I only know enough about security to know that there are lots of ways to screw it up.
3) Probably most importantly: I don't want to become a target.  Anyone running an exchange or involved in its security would become the target of concentrated attacks, with attackers trying to malware my computers, penetrate all my other online accounts to look for ways to side-jack into the exchange's computers, etc.  It would just be online hell.
@_date: 2011-06-22 18:34:23
I have worked for two major internet companies that have been (and continue to be) major targets for attackers[1] and am familiar with the types of people and the skill levels necessary to secure a site from concentrated attack.
Based on the published backgrounds of the Tradehill founders, without meaning any disrespect to their person or intentions, I do not believe they are likely to possess the requisite skills needed to sufficiently harden their infrastructure against even a moderately skilled script kiddie, much less a competent attacker.
If you are going to use them, generate a unique password for the site, and do not keep anything of value (USD or BTC) stored in them for any length of time, and do not leave any information that could be used to compromise another account.  If they (or any other exchange) become widely used, they will probably come under continual attacks that rival the intensity and sophistication received by major internet companies.
[1] PayPal and Facebook
@_date: 2013-05-02 19:01:49
That is my interpretation too.  
@_date: 2013-05-02 19:15:12
The fees are between 1% and 3%.  To get better data involves a bit of digging that (I don't wish for this to come off as snobby) isn't worth our time to do.  The reason is because the exact fee structure per payment varies quite a bit per payment, depending on funding sources, so you actually have to go look at every transaction to find out.
I can tell you off the top of my head that roughly speaking, PayPal, Google, and Stripe are around 2.9% + 0.30, unless the PayPal payment is ACH/balance-funded, and Coinbase's fee is 1%.  I could be wrong about PayPal, since it's memory from my time at that company.
@_date: 2013-02-15 00:46:38
Did you know that PayPal's original vision was a borderless electronic payment system intended to liberate people from central bankers?  The idea was that if you were in e.g. Argentina and your money was about to be devalued, you could easily get it out of the country using PayPal.
It didn't really, you know, end up working out that way.
@_date: 2013-08-30 17:38:26
The total sums are small.  That is, money we get from people paying with BTC is small (sorry everyone, it's just *not that popular* despite what you/we all BTC fans think).  The amount we spend paying our accountants to do the reconciliation of payments is larger than that number (i.e. the few hours a month worth of work), but still small compared to our overall income.
I'm willing to continue enabling BTC payments because I think it's useful in the long-term for BTC as a technology.  Disabling BTC wouldn't have a large impact on our overall numbers; it's just interesting at this point that the high fixed cost of accounting reconciliation dominates because BTC volume is so low.
@_date: 2013-05-02 18:32:39
You can always give others reddit gold!  ;-)
But seriously, thank you for buying gold!
@_date: 2013-02-15 00:44:13
Sweet, thanks!
@_date: 2013-10-20 15:37:05
@_date: 2013-02-14 21:06:19
It's always good to be the second one on board!  :-D
@_date: 2013-02-14 21:08:14


Oh, I'm definitely also aware of the benefits of using Bitcoin.  :-)
@_date: 2013-02-15 00:43:42
Yeah, that 15-min verification problem with Google Checkout really sucks.  We are really not happy with that.  It especially sucks with inline comment gilding.
@_date: 2013-03-07 01:03:36
They're not really specialty accountants, just regular accountants.  I mean that on an hourly basis, they have already spent more hours having to reconcile the transactions reported as sold with funds passed to us by the payment processor, including the forex fees and gain/loss due to the slight difference in time between the transaction and us receiving any funds in USD (it's a daily sweep, not instant conversion).  This is necessary in order to properly recognize the revenue.
If BTC transaction volume went up by 10x, the accounting cost probably wouldn't go up by 10x, so this is really just a fixed (or at least sublinear scaling) cost issue, and it only came up because we just did our monthly close.  So I'm really just talking about the first two weeks, where there is a lot of upfront work.  We're not looking to have "public company" levels of accounting sophistication/thoroughness, but I have asked our accounting people to bring us to "would pass an audit" levels of correctness because I like to have the ship in order.  It turns out that even if you are running a business at "very organized Type-A person" levels, it is not the same as "auditable" so that's what we're doing.
Also, as you might expect, it's all totally new so the financial rules are not entirely clear.  It can be treated as another currency, so there are many analogs to draw from, but it's still new.
@_date: 2013-05-02 18:44:12
Hmm, it's *possible* that the amount of revenue coming in due to BTC sources is now comparable to he amount of accountant-time used to reconcile it.
It's hard to tell - the amount is larger now, and we smoothed out the various issues relating to "oh, here's a new thing, takes a bit to figure out how the accounting recon should work" so each month it's a bit smoother, but the two figures are still in the same ballpark.
I have to say, we really appreciate that the second-top link in the sidebar is "buy reddit Gold using bitcoins!"  Thanks, guys!
EDIT: Oh man, I just got cc'd on an email from one of our accountants to Coinbase asking for some help reconciling some discrepancies in the monthly report.  So I guess it's still not totally smooth yet.
@_date: 2013-02-15 01:54:57
Ah, so you are the guy!  :-)  Your unusual purchase was noted around the office.
@_date: 2013-02-15 00:42:46
Sweet!  Obstacle removed!
@_date: 2013-09-19 19:16:30
As someone who was at PayPal during the Peter Thiel era, I can confirm this.  Bitcoin has the potential to achieve what Peter dreamed of.
@_date: 2013-02-14 21:42:18
Or if someone starts to do a ton of shady stuff with it in a way that involves reddit.  (Which I don't really understand how it could happen but I also know that fraudsters are infinitely creative so who knows)
@_date: 2013-02-15 00:31:13
@_date: 2013-02-15 00:39:27
Yep exactly, it took a lot longer than that.
You remember the post back in November when I said we "might be considering BTC?"  That's when we started working on it.
Between then, obviously, went on holiday vacation and also worked on our self-serve ads system, so it wasn't all Coinbase integration - but it was not entirely trivial.  Also, because it's money, we were a lot more rigorous with our code review and testing, and if you're a software developer, you know that ends up taking up exponentially more time.  :-)
@_date: 2013-02-15 00:39:47
Woot!  Welcome to gold!
@_date: 2013-02-14 20:48:28
I get what you mean, but when I talk about it "in general," which one is appropriate?  I don't make specific reference to the transferring of bitcoins (the currency units) in the poast, I'm talking about Bitcoin, the thing - so I'm not sure which instances in my post I should change and which ones I should leave unchanged.  Help?
@_date: 2013-05-03 00:17:24
No, it's top-line revenue, and doesn't include costs.  Costs are mostly fees, which are [typically] not more than 5%, plus whatever amortized cost of serving up special gold content/features (pretty small).
@_date: 2013-03-12 21:37:32
I'm not perma-Golded.  I buy my own reddit Gold subscription.  When people tip me gold, I really do appreciate it since it indicates a separate note of thanks.  :-)
@_date: 2013-02-14 21:07:14
Reporters will be reading the comments in that thread pretty soon, so if you want to spread the word, that's the place to do it.
@_date: 2013-06-01 04:01:18
Wow, this is a really interesting and unexpected result of the butler (mention) feature.
@_date: 2013-02-15 00:30:48
It's all good!  :-)