@_author: yledbetter001
@_date: 2018-03-01 14:50:19
These guys have an internal ged all my passwords, and someone hacked in again, and took about 200 worth of bitcoin cash. No MFA notifications, and they have not responded at all. It has to be an internal person within their company. 
I have filed a report with the federal autohorities, and a local news station in SF wants to do the story next week, so at least others will know in the Bay Area that this company is basically compromised. 
@_date: 2018-02-26 01:44:14
Just heard from Blockchain.info support. No help, which is not a surprise. I will mine new coins, but I hate to lose the coins, and more importantly, it looks like they have had a breach, and have failed to report the breach. Everyone needs to know what is going on, and to get any coins you have out of Blockchain.info......it seems they are hiding something. 
I am going to the press tomorrow ( already heard back from the local SF station) so that people in this area can also know what is happening. 43K is a lot of money, but there are lots of people out here that may be using them, and they are at risk as well. 
@_date: 2018-02-25 22:18:16
No, someone else stole the funds.....my concern is that this seems to be more rampant. The more I research this, it looks like several more people have written about this since December, 2017. It looks like they may have had a breach, and have not disclosed it. 
For others reading this post, go find another wallet! Looks like chainblock.info is either taking money, or has had a unreported breach. 
@_date: 2018-02-26 02:44:02
Carrier does not allow SMS rerouting, and phone is working fine. Also, before you can access or pay for something, I have to confirm via email, then via SMS ( and it is working fine, because when I logged in today, both MFA features worked). Based on all that, plus the fact that I only access the website 2 times a year to see the coins on a personal iPad) this one is a breach on their side....also, I always check certificates before I access any website that has $$$$
I have also read of several other people in the past 2-3 months experiencing the same issue with them.....so, they have a security issue that they are not letting anyone know about. 
It does suck, and it is about 40K or so.....but I will get over that in a few days ( I think). But I do hate when a company does not protect their data. 
I will keep everyone posted if I hear from Blockchain.info, as well as the authorities. 
