@_author: ylph
@_date: 2014-10-04 16:01:31


This could be true, but I will let you in on an insider "secret" - technical analysis doesn't actually work, so no amount of knowledge of it is going to help make you a profitable trader.  Technical analysis is 99% woo sold to suckers like yourself to make them sink their money into the market.
There are basically 3 ways you can make money trading that do not depend on pure luck:
1) access to inside and non-public information.  In markets like FX where there is almost no regulation and insider trading is the norm, this is how most real money is made.  
2) acting as a middle man, i.e. market making, providing liquidity, collecting spread.  Depending on the market, this is a game of either superior technology or relationships.
3) arbitrage - i.e. making money by exploiting inefficiencies in how public information propagates through financial markets.  Nowadays you need both superior models and technology to be a competitive arbitrageur.
That's it.  There is no way you can find actual alpha by "reading charts"
@_date: 2015-01-05 16:27:44
FDIC has access to a $500 billion credit line from the Treasury, in addition to their $30+ billion fund.
If those avenues are exhausted, it is also backed by "the full faith and credit of the US government" - if it ever came to it, congress would vote to authorize further bailout for the FDIC.  Remember the US can print its own currency, so if there is political will, there are always ways available to bail out any size bank collapse.
It is very difficult to imagine congress voting against a FDIC bailout - it would be political suicide given how many small depositors, i.e. voters, would be affected.
Lets be honest, in 99.9% of realistic scenarios, the FDIC is as damn close to a guaranteed safety net as we can get.
@_date: 2013-04-25 20:13:04
Someone certainly does - EURUSD currency pair is by far the most traded financial instrument of any kind (not just currency) in the world - on average over a trillion dollars worth is exchanged between EUR and USD *every day*.