@_author: ymcapylons
@_date: 2013-04-20 17:38:59
I had to laugh - this article boils down to "The people who were smart and got into Bitcoin early will prosper, everyone else will be screwed." 
This just isn't true. First, let's address the arguments at face value. Bitcoin is a fiat currency, and is just like any other fiat currency. It has value only because other people believe it does. It has some interesting properties because of cryptography - namely that transactions an be secure, anonymous, and untraceable, but as a store of value, it is inferior to government-issued fiat, because government can tax and demand payment in their currency, and government has coercive power to enforce contract law.
But let's assume bitcoin, against all odds, goes mainstream, and things go to hell, hyperinflation and what not. These bitcoin billionaires still won't stand a chance, because they don't have actual physical power in the real world, as valued in guns and butter. I'd put my money in Blackwater plus Monsanto, rather than a guy with a 6GB encrypted digital wallet. When things go south, all fiat currencies go to hell. And if the government sticks around, you can be assured that confiscatory schemes will be cooked up to redistribute the wealth. After all, you will still have a physical location, a physical presence, and that will be subject to the government's power.
But this isn't even the main point. The reason people pay attention to articles like this is because they want to overturn their current status in the system. They don't like where they are now, and they dream of a future where their true worth is recognized, which in this case, laughably, is "retire on a private island with a harem and a stable of Italian sports cars." As if.
The people in charge will still be the people who are in charge now. The cunning, the ruthless, the popular, the charming, the natural leaders. Your Bitcoins will make you slightly less screwed than everyone else.
So by all means, buy some Bitcoins, just in case. But don't expect it to be some ticket to future glory, as this article implies, with its "with great power comes great responsibility" schick. 
tl;dr: There's no easy way to wealth and power, harems and stables. Buying some Bitcoin and patting yourself on the back about how smart you are certainly isn't it. Don't worry about how to responsibly be a future billionaire Bitcoin philanthropist, because you won't be one.