@_author: yodabitcoin
@_date: 2018-05-28 19:36:12
Gold has value beyond its monetary uses. It has very unique properties that are useful for many applications. As a safety currency, when all hell breaks loose, reliable power and communication are likely to be the first things to fail. But if we talk about save place to your investement, I can recommend you Socratus, It is a insurance ecosystem which provide a digital platform for insurance companies Currently, it is on the stage of token private pre\-sales.  It gives you a lot of pluses
instant claim payment,
fair and transparent dealing,
friendly prices.
From my point of view, it is innovative and fit the market.
@_date: 2018-05-28 19:47:04
   Hey, guys! I want to share with you a really cool Socratus project!  They have a really fascinating concept \- a platform for insurance companies that was created in order to make the communication between customer and insurance company more convenient and simple. Interesting, is not it? So, I studied this project and besides an interesting idea I can also say that it is very promising for investments.  
@_date: 2018-06-22 15:51:21
 “Shit happens”, we don't really understand much about what crypto-currencies and blockchain mean for society yet, but they currently possess tremendous notional value... I want to share with you a really cool Socratus project! They have a really fascinating concept - a platform for insurance companies that was created in order to make the communication between customer and insurance company more convenient and simple. Interesting, is not it? So, I studied this project and besides an interesting idea I can also say that it is very promising for investments.  
@_date: 2018-06-22 16:36:02
 I had to reread this like 10 times because I could not comprehend it. And I want to advice you one cool project called Socratus,  a platform for insurance companies that was created in order to make the communication between customer and insurance company more convenient and simple. It helps to get read of annoying personal meetings and paper work. I think that Socratus really deserves to be invested in.
@_date: 2018-06-18 12:43:41
 Its a stupid article written by some clueless guy, stop spreading this around. he didn't even interpret the article that he linked to as his source, properly. I hope my message will be more informative and useful for you! The other day I found an incredible project on the cryptocurrency - Socratus, a platform for insurance companies that was created in order to make the communication between customer and insurance company more convenient and simple. Having studied the project I can say that it is reliable, has a transparent team and I can recommend it to you!  
@_date: 2018-06-02 08:50:41
  think it is very interesting that bitcoin recently moved the opposite way stock markets or currencies like the euro did.   So that is why I think that cryptocurrency is our future! And it is not only a potential alternative to a traditional money but a self\-contained market \- ICOs and token sales! If you want to invest in cryptocurrency without any risk of failure then you should use Socratus, a platform for insurance companies that was created in order to make the communication between customer and insurance company more convenient and simple. Having studied the project I can say that it is reliable, has a transparent team.They seem really interesting but would love to hear your opinion.
@_date: 2018-06-22 15:41:21
 "it's like bitcoin is some kinda non-giving up kinda phenomenon".  I want to share with you a really cool Socratus project!  They have a really fascinating concept - a platform for insurance companies that was created in order to make the communication between customer and insurance company more convenient and simple. Interesting, is not it? So, I studied this project and besides an interesting idea I can also say that it is very promising for investments. 
@_date: 2018-06-03 21:30:03
 If you are very proud on ONLY accepting cryptocurrency, well your prices should definitely not be in dollars...right?  But nevertheless I want to ask about  Socratus, a platform for insurance companies that was created in order to make the communication between customer and insurance company more convenient and simple. Having studied the project I can say that it is reliable, has a transparent team Please, check this out and say what you think, I would like to hear some thoughts from the side as I am thinking of investing in Socratus and need advice.
@_date: 2018-06-22 16:52:14
 The best time to buy is when people are in FEAR. It's right now or maybe tomorrow or in a few days.  With current trends in the field of investment you have a possibility to support the project that you really want to be implemented in the reality and In my opinion, Socratus is a very promising project for investment. Currently, it is on the stage of token private pre-sales.  It gives you a lot of pluses 
* instant claim payment,
* fair and transparent dealing,
* friendly prices.
The project meets all my requirements and I advise you to pay attention to it.
@_date: 2018-06-02 08:38:42
 I believe the intention of bitcoin is not to replace fiat, but essentially give another means to currency. As well as competition to central banks so that is why cryptocurrency is our future and if you are looking for a good and promising project to invest you should take a look at Socratus they have a really fascinating concept \- a platform for insurance companies that was created in order to make the communication between customer and insurance company more convenient and simple. 
@_date: 2018-06-02 08:27:11
Life is like a portfolio of alts; you never know w 
Life is like a portfolio of alts; you never know what you are going to gethat you are going to get and as I can consider myself as an expert in field of Crypto Sales, so I can give you some advice so if you need my recommendation, I can say you that you need to pay more attention to Socratus. It is a insurance ecosystem which provide a digital platform with instant claim payment products for insurance companies   
I think this is really cool and it seems like innovative and demanded project. I hope I helped.
@_date: 2018-06-22 17:03:38
“How many of those timelines do we win?”
“One.”)) Now,  with current trends in the field of investment you have a possibility to support the project that you really want to be implemented in the reality and In my opinion, Socratus is a very promising project for investment. Currently, it is on the stage of token private pre-sales.  It gives you a lot of pluses  
* instant claim payment,
* fair and transparent dealing,
* friendly prices.
The project meets all my requirements and I advise you to pay attention to it. 
@_date: 2018-06-22 16:25:53
 What's more likely to happen first? Electromagnetic event or Elon Musk mining gold off asteroids? The same. I searched just yesterday new project for me - Socratus. I think it is the one with huge potential to be big! All moments that are important for me while choosing the project to invest - the transparency and background of the team, the product, the idea - they all passed the test and now I can recommend it.They seem really interesting but would love to hear your opinion. 
@_date: 2018-06-22 16:13:48
 The Jesus of Bitcoin. Sacrificed for our previous financial sins.  Thanks for flagging and sharing your quality post. Appreciate it,  I have been doing some research about Socratus,  a platform for insurance companies that was created in order to make the communication between customer and insurance company more convenient and simple. Having studied the project I can say that it is reliable, has a transparent team . They seem really interesting but would love to hear your opinion 
@_date: 2018-06-02 08:16:15
There's so much spam! I hope my message will be more informative and useful for you! The other day I found an incredible project on the cryptocurrency \- Socratus, a platform for insurance companies that was created in order to make the communication between customer and insurance company more convenient and simple. Having studied the project I can say that it is reliable, has a transparent team and I can recommend it to you!
@_date: 2018-06-22 16:01:59
 The blockchain is public, for better or worse..  This seems good.  I know one project that make life better - Socratus, a platform for insurance companies that was created in order to make the communication between customer and insurance company more convenient and simple. Having studied the project I can say that it is reliable, has a transparent team Please, check this out and say what you think, I would like to hear some thoughts from the side as I am thinking of investing in Socratus and need advice.
@_date: 2018-07-10 20:17:35
 Also way more people own gold compared to bitcoin. How much energy would be needed if bitcoin had to have 1b transactions a day?  There's so much spam! I hope my message will be more informative and useful for you! The other day I found an incredible project on the cryptocurrency - Socratus, a platform for insurance companies that was created in order to make the communication between customer and insurance company more convenient and simple. Having studied the project I can say that it is reliable, has a transparent team and I can recommend it to you!
@_date: 2018-07-10 19:12:34
 Seems legit. Can you fax me one of those watches?  It's good that the Crypto has a Chief now, hope this will help a lot to Cryptocurrency world.  Has somebody heard about Socratus? I saw users here discussing the project few times. I decided to check it out by myself and really liked the project and the idea! Guess, they can be trusted (just look at their partners ([  ) I can recommend you to check this project as well. 
@_date: 2018-07-10 20:05:42
How many BTCs can I grow from the seed?  Guys! I want to share with you a really cool Socratus project!  They have a really fascinating concept - a platform for insurance companies that was created in order to make the communication between customer and insurance company more convenient and simple. Interesting, is not it? So, I studied this project and besides an interesting idea I can also say that it is very promising for investments. 
@_date: 2018-07-10 18:31:04
 For me "lambo" is a metaphor "paying off my student loans")) Guys! I want to share with you a really cool Socratus project!  They have a really fascinating concept - a platform for insurance companies that was created in order to make the communication between customer and insurance company more convenient and simple It gives you a lot of pluses 
* instant claim payment,
* fair and transparent dealing,
* friendly prices.
I can also say that it is very promising for investments.
@_date: 2018-07-10 20:31:04
 More likely a Saudi oil meetup but  I feel pretty optimistic about Bitcoin currently . Yes things look bad again all currencies have experienced the same. Let's not panic people. Bitcoin is going to pick up.   I aslo want to share with you my inside - Socratus,  a platform for insurance companies that was created in order to make the communication between customer and insurance company more convenient and simple. Having studied the project I can say that it is reliable, has a transparent team . They seem really interesting but would love to hear your opinion 