@_author: yodamentor
@_date: 2014-04-24 05:56:11
I have used simple-mining.com and they have proven to be a dependable and professional cloud mining provider. They are honest and don't promise an unrealistic return on your investment based on current difficulty. They have a very unique business model as well that appealed to me.
If you don't want to deal with exchanges, I would highly recommend their services.
@_date: 2014-04-24 06:56:24
OK, here is the long and short of it: Cloud mining can be a legit business that both provides a profit for the provider, and fills a need for the buyer. Here is why.
 
The common question raised is "Why would a cloud miner lease or rent their KHs power for a fee, when they could make more profit by keeping the crypto-currency mined by their own (non-leased) miner?" This is a valid question you've raised, and if the cloud provider is legit, they only have one reason for doing this - They need capital. They are giving up the long term gain of receiving crypto-currency mined over time, but in exchange getting capital immediately.
 
This is not a short term or bad business model. Suppose I'm a cloud mining provider and sell a mining contract for one year. I do lose the hashing power generated from that miner. But if I immediately put that capital into the purchase of additional mining equipment, I'm effectively replacing the hashing mining power that I just leased/rented to my customer.
 
Obviously this business model only works if the company is fiscally solvent and not using their funds to pay investors or debts, but only to invest in new equipment to increase their total mining power. The vast majority of companies operating right now do NOT have this business model and seem to be scams.
 
It's highly suggested that you operate with companies based within the US, they are more strictly regulated and audited. Cloud Mining providers that accept payments by credit card are also certified to have their banking credentials in order, so are more trustworthy that companies accepting payments in Bitcoins or Litecoins only.
 
The bottom line is some Cloud Mining providers are not scams. If they have a sound business model and are reinvesting their capital to continue growth, they are legit.
 
The need for cloud hashing leasing is great - Many customers cannot operate through an Exchange due to financial restrictions put in place by their government. Many others aren't allowed to directly purchase crypto-currency for legal or financial reasons. And some customers just want to get into the mining operating without the technical pains of actually mining.
 
If you are in need of a cloud mining contract investment - Begin by looking into a US based cloud mining contract provider, preferably one that was started this year after increased regulations were put in place. If they run a secure website, have well built terms and conditions, and accept credit card payments through an authorized party you'll be in good shape!
@_date: 2014-04-24 07:22:19
Not a problem - Simple-Mining.com doesn't mine Bitcoins, but they mine scrypt coins (Litecoins, DOGE, etc) and then can convert them to BTC before payout. So it's effectively the same as mining Bitcoins, in fact you are getting a better bang for your buck because they can switch to mining the most profitable scrypt currency at any given time rather than be restricted to mine only highly difficult BTC.
I can't speak to other mining sites, but Simple-Mining.com came through for me. In addition to accepting payments through credit cards, they deal through PayPal and that's exactly what I needed.