@_author: yodascaretaker
@_date: 2017-12-01 23:44:39
Most of us think about shopping for gifts, receiving gifts, eating a ton, getting drunk, and taking time off at work when you hear the word “Christmas”.  We all work hard so that we can afford to do those things, but we still take it for granted.  Up until about two years ago, I didn’t really give a shit about anyone other than my close friends and family when Christmas came around.  I would even get pissy if I got shit for gifts; this was in my late 20i’s.  I guess I wasn’t exposed to how bad it can get for some people until I moved to NYC a couple of years ago.  It really started to eat away at me when I began to notice how many Veterans were suffering in this city.  I  am a disabled Veteran myself, so I see this misery first hand at least twice a month when I go t the VA hospital.  There are so many homeless dudes that are packed in there and just hanging out so that they can get out of the crazy heat of horrible cold.  It’s a topic that is talked about very often in my psychiatric counseling group sessions.  
Apparently a couple of guys in my group have been getting together during the holiday season and doing all kinds of charity work for a few years now.  They do mostly focus on helping homeless Veterans, but they aren’t the only people that they look out for.  Some of the types of work they do involve things like getting as many winter coats together as they possibly can for those without one, buying sandwich and snack materials and making hundreds of bagged lunches to distribute to those who can’t afford to eat, and taking part in food drives/community service by purchasing food, cooking it, and serving it to homeless Vets on the holidays.  I am new to this as of this year, but when they asked me if I would help I couldn’t say no.  So as we were talking about the logistics of it, I mentioned that it may help out if we ask for some donations via Bitcoin.  I am the only one of the group that has any kind of history interacting with it, but after filling them in on how it could help out they were all sold.  We also agreed that we would match whatever amount that we receive via donations, with a max amount of $1,ooo between four of us.  So it would be an additional $250 from each one of us.  
We would also like to ask if anyone would be interested in helping us out if you live in the NYC areal.  You would be amazed by the amount of good just one person can do if they try.  I am aware that we don’t have anything like a gofundme page set up or anything; it’s just the way it’s been done for the past couple of years.  We will be documenting all of the spending that goes on, as well as recording the actual events as they take place.  If you feel like we are trying to scam you, then just carry on and don’t donate anything.  We don’t need to read comment after comment that accuses us of being thiefs and opportunists.  Every one of us served in the military for 5 or more years, so we still follow moral standards that a lot of people never think about.  
Also, if you have access to large quanities of food on the cheap, or jackets and sleeping bags that are warm enough for the cold winter months here, please PM us immediately.  One of us will come to you so that we can pick up whatever provisions you may have to offer.  Thank you for reading, and we hope that this gains some attention and leads to our being able to help out a lot of people who really need it.  Happy holidays all!
@_date: 2017-12-02 05:36:27
So I am begging?  Even though we are going to match the donations we receive, choose to spend time away from our families so we can help out those who really need it, and won't see a single penny for the hours of work we put to it.
Now if it had been me asking for donations so that I could get a new XBOX, then you could use the word begging.  We wouldn't have to ask anyone for support if we were bettor off financially; I would glady fund projects like this myself.