@_author: yojoots
@_date: 2019-07-08 16:51:52
[Here's a post they made today about it.](
Way to go, Bitstamp. Very cool!
@_date: 2019-07-08 18:54:36


Even inputting the blockchain data into a computer or device capable of validating it from a paper format would be a colossal effort...
Though [Ken Shirriff demonstrated that you technically even mine by hand]( so in *theory* a snailmail version of Bitcoin could exist. It's just not realistic in practice.
@_date: 2019-07-18 04:06:45
That's actually a surprisingly decent analogy.
@_date: 2019-07-08 19:07:23
That makes much more sense than my initial interpretation! I see what you're saying now, and yes, that's a good point.
@_date: 2019-07-06 04:47:11


I almost always love the names of these releases.
@_date: 2019-07-08 16:46:09
Snailmail isn't a realistic option when it comes to bootstrapping a full node. You could use FTP or a torrent for the sync, but my understanding is that since Core v0.10.0, downloading directly via the Bitcoin P2P network is actually faster than downloading via a torrent.
@_date: 2019-08-07 15:50:41
One potential scenario is where an attacker withholds a 10-block-deep reorg, then broadcasts their alternate chain immediately upon seeing an equivalent-height block mined on the public chain. If they time it right, half of the network would see their chain first, and checkpoint accordingly, and half of the network would see the public block first, checkpointing the opposite side of the fork. After that, exempting manual intervention, the two chains would be permanently divergent, and miners on each side of the fork would continue building upon their originally-chosen chain rather than accepting blocks from the other, regardless of the total work accumulated. What makes this worse is that any user or client that was offline at the time of the split would have no impartial way of determining which side was the "real" chain, because the checkpointing consensus system obviates the objective metric of proof-of-work.
One ironic note is that network centralization actually mitigates the most-immediate (if most superficial) costs of such an attack. Manual intervention by miners can produce a chain convergence, overcoming the checkpoint troubles via the human touch. Obviously, this isn't an ideal solution, but it's worth mentioning because it is what would most likely realistically happen if such an attack scenario as described above took place. This, in turn, helps to explain why such attacks *aren't* taking place in the real world. The effect would be minimal in practice, so what would the point be?
@_date: 2019-08-10 21:28:55
It looks like "the same time frame" marked in the OP's chart is 2015-2018, during which time the [Total Market Capitalization (Excluding Bitcoin)]( grew from $1.1B to a peak of $813B, so it was about a 740x increase, and you're pretty close with that estimate. 
However, when comparing investment returns, such a multiplier must be distributed across all the new altcoins from the time period of interest. In other words, holding any given coin doesn't yield you the returns of the entire market, so to compare directly against Bitcoin would require evaluating returns on a case-by-case basis. Alternatively, if you're more interested in a statistical average, just divide by the total count of new coins that were created (or rose to prominence) during this time. Since far more than 7 altcoins fall in this category, we can confidently say that Bitcoin outperformed the market at large.
@_date: 2019-08-23 05:23:19
The [actual Treasury press report]( links to [a list of addresses](
Very interesting. It seems like we're entering somewhat new territory here, with potentially interesting implications for privacy, fungibility, and ultimately censorship-resistance. It's not clear to me whether we're looking at an opportunity, the beginnings of a perhaps not-so-great paradigm shift, or yet another case where Bitcoin will just shrug off the hubris of the world around it and continue honey-badgering forth as it always has.
@_date: 2019-08-27 19:25:21
The kernel of Bitcoin is that the ledger is actually secured by an external and quantifiable sum of energy expenditure. It is as close as you can get to an impartial monetary substrate, because any party can independently assay not only their own coins or balance, but *the entire ledger itself* if need be. Underneath it all, the proof-of-work provides an unbiased beacon for any prospective user to converge towards in cases of confusion or misdirection. It might not be a *perfect* proxy for value, but it can be thought of as a "maximally socially resistant" property, especially over longer time scales. 
As [Bitcoin's creator put it](


Importantly, though, the energy input into Bitcoin provides an effective conceptual *ceiling* to the utility value that the market indicates it is providing society at any given moment. Once again, in Satoshi's words:


[Here's another quote]( where Satoshi reiterates this argument:




Appreciating this perspective and re-framing Bitcoin's energy expenditure from a waste or problem into a core tenet of its value proposition as a fair digital money is not easy. It is a peculiar and counterintuitive concept, but it is also one of the most profound insights of Bitcoin and from where exactly its unique grandeur stems.
Allow me [one last Nakamoto quote](








In other words, if you think the value of being able to come to agreement in adversarial contexts is non-zero, Bitcoin provides a distributed architecture and game theory arrangement to allow that value to be captured. Whether it is Byzantine Generals trying to coordinate an attack or agents trying to transfer a digital token without relying on intermediaries, proof-of-work (in tandem with an assumption of ubiquitous self-interest) provides the needed foundation for a socially-scalable solution.
Hopefully some of that made sense, and it didn't come across as too preachy. I think the energy-value link that Bitcoin establishes is one of the coolest innovations that has occurred during my lifetime.
@_date: 2019-08-01 14:52:36
Check with the recipient (the website who should be receiving the money). It is almost certainly an error on their end, since the coins were sent just fine.
@_date: 2019-08-28 14:11:42
I think you're right and that for the most part hashrate follows market price. The two are definitely intertwined, but nowadays, with mining as industrialized as it currently is, market price is the metric that leads the way.
@_date: 2019-08-15 17:31:07
It's almost certainly a reference to [this story]( but the number of bitcoins lost was actually ~7,500 rather than the quoted 3.8M. The dollar value at the time of publication was roughly $4M, so it seems like OP may have misunderstood the units used.
@_date: 2019-10-14 04:43:40
In a way, this even applies to Bitcoin. The overflow exploit, the BIP42 reset issue, the lack of a consensus-level block size limit, DoS vectors inherent to a few of the original OP codes, the lack of a nonmalleable signed transaction type, and the OP_TRUE vulnerability were all serious shortcomings in the earliest versions of Bitcoin.
Over time, these issues were patched out. Bitcoin is currently at v0.18.x and steadily improving as it grows. The protocol is stronger than ever, which is truly amazing if you think about it.
@_date: 2019-08-01 14:45:09
Your [transaction was confirmed]( about 12 blocks ago, in [this block](
Were you sending it to a payment processor or service that is still showing it as unconfirmed? If so, you will probably have to check with their customer service or support, since the Bitcoin transaction was actually successfully sent (and received) multiple hours ago.
@_date: 2019-08-19 20:42:04


More accurately, the Lightning Network was first implemented for Bitcoin, but the [first mainnet Lightning Network transaction]( was made on Litecoin after Christian Decker patched c-lightning to be Litecoin-compatible, shortly after Segwit went live on Litecoin.
You're right that the activation of Segwit on Litecoin (and Vertcoin, too) via the UASF probably did contribute to the upgrade eventually activating on Bitcoin in the same way. I'm not personally sure whether the fragmentation (of investment, developer attention and review, marketing, etc) and its resulting negative impacts on Bitcoin's burgeoning network effect outweigh the "testbed" benefits that these sorts of altcoins provide, but in 2017 Litecoin did seem to demonstrate that such benefits *can* exist in practice.
@_date: 2019-08-10 21:11:53
I'm usually not a big fan of memes like this, but for some reason this one made me chuckle. Touché, enjoy your upvote.
@_date: 2019-10-04 15:07:57
In general, 3Blue1Brown is an incredible content-creator. He's very good at explaining in-depth concepts in understandable ways, without sacrificing accuracy in the process. On top of that, his visualizations are always on-point.
@_date: 2019-10-31 14:01:03
It was originally registered by Satoshi using anonymousspeech.com, an anonymity-oriented domain registrar.
@_date: 2019-06-20 15:49:42


It's worth noting that you *don't* actually have to be online 24/7, you just have to be online at least once during the timeout interval set in your channel(s).
@_date: 2019-12-04 15:51:42
I've been thinking about other standalone blockchains (such as Ethereum) acting as second-layer "scaling solutions" to Bitcoin for a little while now. In theory, if asset-representative tokens (e.g. DAI or tBTC) continue to approximate the values of the tracked assets in question, then they can function as off-chain transaction layers.
Granted, there's always going to be a bit of a trade-off involved, but this sort of possibility certainly makes things more interesting, and seems to reinforce the strategy of "prioritize minimizing the cost of node operation as much as possible for now, until the different solutions and options have been explored further" rather than "expand the base layer to fit as much as possible in the short term, even if it means increasing the costs of node operation significantly" with regards to scaling Bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-12-04 19:09:40
Vitalik's "offload onto BCH" proposal was an awful idea for many reasons, including the one you've pointed out here. It would also rely on (a modified version of) the "BTC relay" setup, which is an idea that was long ago abandoned because it's economically unsustainable and hideously cost-ineffective. The suggestion was so poor that it's unclear whether Vitalik was serious when he made it, or whether it was an elaborate form of trolling. Either possibility is unflattering, in my opinion, and if you ask me he should be embarrassed about the whole episode.


To be clear, the advantage of a layered stack is that the bottom layer *isn't* meaningfully dependent on any layers above it. The off-chain solutions (whether they are implemented as interconnected HTLCs like in the Lightning Network or as pegged tokens on other chains) would simply represent options that users *could* opt into, but wouldn't *have* to. Each solution would involve its own specific trade-offs, trust vectors, and usage patterns, but none would threaten Bitcoin itself unless it became so popular that it managed to (effectively totally) displace base-layer transactions, thereby undermining miner fee revenue (and accordingly chain security over the long term).
In other words, if off-chain layers help to shoulder some of the transactional burden while Moore's and Nielsen's Laws (not to mention software optimizations) gradually play out, that's almost certainly something to celebrate... at least, for now!
@_date: 2019-12-04 15:34:50
I'd give it better than even odds of doing so. On a five year timeframe, consider me a believer.
@_date: 2019-09-10 18:02:57
Wow, I'm surprised at how many options there are for this (already)!
@_date: 2019-09-06 19:10:24
Thanks for the diligence put into this. It's something that is pretty obvious and easy to deduce, but it's nice to have a well-researched and compiled reference like this, regardless.