@_author: yonjah
@_date: 2013-04-08 21:40:16
Since I'm the developer I guess I cannot vouch for my self.
I registered my self at  and I hope I'll gain some popularity soon. 
you can check my blog comments for some more details since other people have raised this very important trust issue.
@_date: 2013-04-13 12:55:26
You are right about a newbie wont be able to test. but thats why I think some one with medium to basic linux skills like yours skills should test it. so the newbies will know if its safe or not (this will be an issue with every liveCD out there including the official once who might be tempered).
here is what I would have done if I wanted to test it -
1. Extract the iso and squashfs and run antivirus to test all the included files.
this easy step is enough to make sure no known Trojan or malware are included in this CD. 
to be sure it is not doing anything malicious I would make a virtual 
box with Linux or windows installed on it and create a wallet I'm never intending to use. then I'll duplicate the hard drive and save it as referance for later.
I'll run the liveCD on the virtual machine.
I'll let it connect to the Internet and use wireshark to see if it sends any wallets or data I generate while using it that were on my original OS hard drive.
I'll also test that the local version of bitaddress.org is the same as the one on their git hub account (so I know it actually generates real addresses and not just giving pre generated addresses available for the disk creator)
once I'll see everything is legit in the liveCD.
I'll compare the installed os drive to the backup I made to be sure no malicious software were installed on my base system.
I think this should be enough top be sure this CD is clean from any malwares (and if any one has more test he can offer them).
I think some softwares can recognize when they are running inside virtual machines so a real security expert might want to test this on a real clean computer and not on a virtual machine (but this might be a bit harder to do since you'll need a physical machine to test it on).
And as I wrote in the other thread I'll try to write a post about how to use remastersys to make your own liveCD but it will take me some time, and might allow other people to make there own liveCD but won't help noobs who just want to download a trusted liveCD or any one to know if they can actually trust my version.
and if I had any sources to put online I would have doens so (like I did with my chrome extension) but since I only installed known Bitcoin software on a clean ubuntu install and then packed it with remastersys there is no code to upload (all the tools are listed and there code is available from their authors)
@_date: 2013-04-09 05:48:19
Really nice.
I think I'll add them as available backgrounds to my bitcoin liveCD
@_date: 2013-04-13 11:55:03
from your first comment it sounded like its in the precess of being analyzed and all people need is to wait for it finished analyzing.
I'm completely with you about people shouldn't download software.
They can't trust but instead of just writing scary warnings with no prior information why won't you spend some time in helping the community and analyze it.
I'm sure it will require much less time and effort then it required build it.
P.s some known people in the community have seen the old version. They raised the trust issue as you can see from the comments. I could have deleted those comments, but not only that I approved theme I moved the discussion to bitcointalk where I won't have any control about what people write. so in case any malicious backdoor would be found in this CD I wont be able to delete or change people comments.
@_date: 2013-04-08 21:23:06
Good Idea ymmv2.
I'll try to write some post about how to make one your own but I'm not sure it will be that valuable since its not so that complicated but requires a lot of time understanding how stuff work.
in two lines I used a program called Remastersys to build a custom ISO
from a clean ubuntu 12.10 livecd I installed on a virtual machine
I had a few issues with remastersys so maybe I can write a bit about how to use it properly to make your own CD but it will probably wont happen in the next few weeks 
@_date: 2013-03-23 15:07:04
The data should be fetched from mtgox websocket.
unfortunately, their websocket hasn't been working properly and from what I understood it was never too much reliable.
So I added a fallback feature to use the HTTP api with 15 sec delay for each request 
(I guess I can add the delay to be set in the extension options but I found that the data doesn't change every 30 sec and didn't want to make any extra requests).
Once mtgox will solve their websockets issue the extension will recognize it automatically and will switch back to use websockets
Any way feel free to comment on my blog and suggest improvements.
Its just the first version and I know theres still more work to be done.
P.S I'm the author of the extension
@_date: 2013-04-13 11:19:33
It's actually much more dangerous now since the original version might have been legit only to send this evil update, that will steal all your coins.
just  don't forget to vote it up and comment here once you finish analyzing it
@_date: 2013-04-09 12:46:52
Your not missing much.
since there is no wallet generated bitcoin-qt will generate a new address on each restart.
you can leave the liveCD or install it to your hard/thumb drive to have persistency with your block chains.
but if you are only planning to use this cd once to generate or use a paper address you probably wont need bitcoin-qt at all just use vanitygen or the local version of bitaddress.org to generate your address.
and if you don't want to print it you can use truecrypt and keepass to save your generated data  securely online or on some removable drive