@_author: yonosetampoco
@_date: 2018-11-26 19:10:29
Very interesting
@_date: 2018-11-27 09:45:52
In fact that are many markets that does not react synchronized... Also the total volume of bitcoins makes a few can influence. I also don't know which is the realation between real use (having , buying , selling) specullation (buy, selling to make the opposite operation in near future) and bots. When adoption grow... that factors will affect less.
@_date: 2018-07-28 10:36:40
The actual owner of a bitcoin is who knows the "secret key" related to the address.
Generally, when you have "your" bitcoins in an exchange you only know your address... and they have the secret keys.
Those bitcoins are yours while you "trust" on the exchange as the money you have in a bank is yours based on how much you trust on it.
What you can do to maintain your privacy is to have the bitcoins in the exchange while you need and after that extract them or send the to another address in your local wallet.
They generally get a small fee for doing that.
You can see my video about privacy and ownership (with English subtitles) in 
@_date: 2018-07-28 12:17:01
I agree (based on my knowledge) I didn't know about mixers. This is good information from you I will learn more about.
I know there are other ways to trace but requires more effort. e.g. If you spend money in a shop store... maybe it could be deduced what you did by analyzing Street Cams..
I think something could be traced by your IP information and your internet provider... 
But it requires a lot of effort and maybe a judicial order to ask for that information.
But bitcoin blockchain as a data structure is anonymous itself.
@_date: 2018-07-28 11:08:12
Suppose you have bitcoins in an address A (on Exchange - with your identity).
Also, You Create an address B on your wallet.
Address B is not related to your identity. You know it is yours because you created it locally.
When you send from A to B they nor Exchange nor blockchain knows if you are extracting the money to your local wallet or paying to another person, or giving that bitcoins to a friend address. You
In the blockchain you have all transactions between "addresses" but you don't know who is the owner of each address.
If someone knows the secret key associated to your address... they can send bitcoins from there.
Only the exchange knows you are the owner of the bitcoins that are present in the exchange.
Despite this, thanks for the link.  I will read your link in order to get your point of view.
@_date: 2018-07-28 11:20:25
See in the link you sent what he says in minute 5:06
"The only way to break that association is to do some transactions between your own wallets"
That's what I'd mentioned