@_author: yonyin
@_date: 2018-01-19 11:27:42
I would just like to take this time to congratulate OP on making it abundantly clear how much money you have (or at least going to have) in your Coinbase account.
I am sure no cyber criminals will be targeting your Coinbase account any time soon :) would suck if you don't follow security best practises
@_date: 2017-01-18 06:47:23
Not exactly, the maker order is the one that is pending on the order book and the taker order completes a maker order. Maker/taker fees can be either buying or selling.
In my opinion maker fees should be less that taker fees for the simple fact that there is no guarantee your order will execute and as such you carry the risk of never having a completed order.
@_date: 2019-08-09 08:26:11
@_date: 2019-10-04 11:15:47
I found this useful: 
@_date: 2017-04-21 10:19:41
I don't see it as showing 'privilege' and I hardly feel gouged out of my money. The fact of the matter is that when you use your card to make purchases with Steam you are trusting that Steam will keep your personal information safe. Even if their security is top notch now, what guarantee do I have that their security will remain that way for the next 20 years? There only needs to be one vulnerability in their systems over their entire existence for it to ruin my day (at best) or ruin my life (at worst).
I myself will happily make a trade-off of $0.3(10%) for financial security and considering the price of bitcoin what it is; I know I am not the only one that feels that way.
Yes, the fees arnt ideal. Bitcoin is still relatively new and there are very clever developers working to solve these issues. The future of "Internet Money" won't be exorbitant fees but atleast we are getting the security of bitcoin for a bad price rather than no security.
@_date: 2017-06-04 08:41:38
Yes, the heuristics of these services are not 100% accurate but they work to a high degree of probability in combination (there are multiple heuristics used and my knowledge is limited in this aspect but I have made use of these bitcoin tracking platforms)
Online hosted wallets services acts as a good mixer to confuse the network from knowing where your coins have been going (because they spend inputs from different users to generate your outputs) but there is no confusion from the online hosted wallet which transactions our account has generated(they can clearly show all your input and outputs even though they don't necessarily correspond on the blockchain)
So if a government agency wished to know more of what you have been doing with your bitcoin they cannot clearly say without contacting these online hosted wallets
That is also why these online hosted wallets do their part to comply with regulation; they merely provide a wallet service or exchange not a service to obscure transactions, if transaction confusion is what you want you should go to dedicated bitcoin mixers and coin-joins to obscure your bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-06-03 11:10:12
I agree with you that it is none of their business what you do with 'your' coins - unfortunately not your key not your coin. Don't use coinbase's private key and expect them to deal with the government for you.
Send the coin that you have at coinbase to your own wallet then coinbase can't and won't have any say in what you do with YOUR coins; the government is a different story
All they are trying to do is keep their books clean
@_date: 2017-06-03 11:01:49
I highly doubt that these services use only one receiving address(they wouldn't know who sent the coins). I have to emphasise that bitcoin is not anonymous all transactions are stored on a public ledger. This opens the door to services that allow for the tracking of bitcoin
Companies like coinbase use these services to make sure that none of the bitcoin stored with them are used to launder money or commit illegal activity.
These services use certain heuristics to accurately determine who owns a receiving address. One such heuristic is a "shared send", in lay terms if I receive BTC to address x and spend the coins from address x along with coins from address y then they can accurately say that both address x and y belong to me. You can download the white paper on this if you want more detailed information (here is a link to the white paper 
There are also things that can be done to obfuscate bitcoin transactions. 
@_date: 2017-06-04 09:05:13
I see, you say they 'can' ding you and I agree that they CAN - simply because they know those coins come from a gambling platform and coinbase has a freedom of association - but do we know if this has happened or is this stated in their terms of use?
I do not work for nor pretend to understand coinbase's compliance department. It is likely that they view transactions from a gambling site as higher risk and refuse to be associated with them.
I don't feel that they can argue who the owner of the intemediary wallet is (even though the tracking services will say with high degree of certainty that it is you ) there is no absolute proof that it is you and for that reason alone they shouldn't prevent the transacting between the two.
You are correct, in saying that they CAN ding you for that... they CAN also ding you for anything they see fit because they are allowed to do business with whomever they choose.
@_date: 2017-06-04 09:39:25
If the gambling site uses bitstamp as a wallet, you might be able to argue that he has been falsely accused (bitstamp will know for sure).
Unjustified spying? They have the right to do business with whoever they wish and if they feel you are a high risk individual they will refuse to offer you a service. I don't think we are surprised that regulated companies are monitoring our transactions, I am reasonably certain that they even have automated systems that do. Other than that most of the information is publicly available on the blockchain.
You can argue that blockchain analysis is not 100% accurate but in the same breathe you can also argue that any arbitrary number (10, 100, 1000...) of confirmations on a BTC transaction is not enough to say with a 100% certainty that the coins have been received. That does not mean that your argument will withstand the scrutiny of a court of law.
@_date: 2017-06-05 10:31:01
Probably also good practice to encrypt it before storing it with a third party