@_author: yorn2
@_date: 2016-08-03 16:20:00
I think the point they are trying to make is that Bitfinex went this route in order to meet the CFTC regulations, despite the obvious disadvantage in bringing the coins online.
Marketing materials aside (of course they would claim this is more secure to their end users), there's very few people who have been around since 2010/2011 in the Bitcoin space that would say this storage mechanism was more secure than cold storage and air-gaps which they appear to have had prior to the CFTC getting involved.
We all remember what happened to allinvain.
@_date: 2016-08-03 16:13:03
But I think that's the point. They can't provide cold wallets (multisig or otherwise) that only their users have access to. The CFTC was asking them to abandon the secure advantage of cold wallets.
@_date: 2016-08-03 04:20:29
Yup, this is the closest thing to a bearer bond in the Bitcoin world. Keep in mind that even bearer bonds on secure trains were the target of many thieves in days past.
@_date: 2016-08-03 18:04:01


The DEA doesn't "force" drug dealers to go underground, arm themselves to the teeth, and set up shop in shady areas that get their customers killed, either -- they simply hold them in compliance with tax stamp laws or other regulations.
@_date: 2016-08-01 20:44:16
Shout outs to "To Big To Fail" on Amazon Prime and "The Big Short" on Netflix as well. Inside Job occasionally got a bit too political for the wrong reasons, IMHO. The only political aspect you need to know when watching it is that [the Banking Act/Glass Steagall may have had very little to do with the institutions that actually failed]( IMHO the [CFMA]( had more to do with the 2008 financial crisis **and** Enron. (Also worth noting, it's *still in place and because of credit default swaps or interest rates swaps we are just going to see this happen again*)
Regardless of the arguments, however, the 2008 financial crisis was a screw-up of massive proportions by a bunch of people that thought housing prices were never going to decline.
@_date: 2016-08-25 03:41:08
I remember hearing this exact comment in 2011. Then again in early 2012, then 2013. All from the same guy. Then he messages me in November 2013, while Bitcoin is dominating the news: "Ok man, I am all in  I get it now."
Not sure what your motivations are for bothering to post about how a 6 year old currency will not "be allowed", but please don't be like the guy I knew. Don't come back a year or even four from now and say you're all in since you just heard about it again via whatever social media news source you use and now suddenly you "get it".
@_date: 2016-08-09 19:31:21
Shows you what the state of the world is that this was immediately my thought as well. Apple has been doing a good job of not letting their users get scammed so far, so you have to assume this latest change to just let any app become a wallet is a calculated decision. They seem hell bent on intentionally letting someone big lose coin so they have a story they can point to later on to try to scare people away from Bitcoin for good.
@_date: 2016-08-23 21:37:37
The market doesn't move on new major releases as much if at all. Sometimes code can be boring. Bitcoin isn't a "company" so much as a group of people interested in sound and cryptographically-sound money. Something boring like new standards and protocols don't usually provoke big market changes in the cryptocurrency world, it's only when new stuff gets built upon those changes that people start talking/investing/paying attention.
@_date: 2016-08-03 16:27:24
Take a look at his post history. He doesn't seem to actually try to make points, just says "edgy" sarcastic troll insults and calls others 
@_date: 2016-08-11 21:16:01


Want to know something even stranger? I've been around since late 2010, prior to his $10k bet that it would outperform gold in 2011. No one in IRC or on the forums AFAIK ever referred to him as Bitcoin Jesus prior to the first news article saying that some in the community called him "Bitcoin Jesus". 
Chew on that one for a while...
@_date: 2016-08-04 16:36:37
It's been mentioned time and time again what his actual motives were, but we knew so little at the time, and I don't think it's ever been put into a chronological explanation.
I can try to break it down as best as possible from what *I* think happened chronologically.
In 2008 the Satoshi Nakamoto (satoshin key was created using GnuPG 1.4.7. The default key here was DSA-1024 for the client at the time. 
In 2011 or 2012, someone added a fake signing key to the satoshin GPG key that was backdated (I remember this happening, and I remember at least one conversation that was had on the forum [and there might have been some on IRC] about this when someone spotted it, but I have searched and was unable to find those conversations, if someone finds them, please let me know. I don't think anyone at the time believed it'd be for a long con). As nullc [pointed out in late 2015]( the key was likely made with a client that did not exist in 2007/2008, or at least used RSA-3072, which would have been an odd and problematic choice in 2008. I've seen a paper that [tried to argue this was possible to do in 2008]( but it offers no explanation as to why someone would happen to choose these exact parameters in a 2007 client release before they became the default options in a client for 2009. Also, the key used an odd phrase of "In crypto we trust, in government we verify" that was similar to Craig's own key from 2008 (possibly similarly backdated) [as Motherboard would also point out when reviewing the backdated key](
Sometime prior to December 2015, Craig created a backstory and edited/manufactured a few emails as "proof", for how his friend Kleinman, who had died, and him had created Bitcoin. The argument that Craig would use (with a lot of different people) for why he couldn't prove he was Satoshi or use the coins himself was because it was in a trust for him, managed after Kleinman's death. This gave him the ability to "prove" to tax regulators, bankers, and possibly potential investors that he was Satoshi and owned a large amount of assets that he couldn't access till 2020. He could have made some massive loans on this information either during or prior to the price increases in 2013. If he knew about Bitcoin at all prior to 2013, he might have had a few hundred or thousand coin to buy equipment with as well, or to cash out. Neglecting to pay your taxes is one thing, but claiming you're a wealthy person who has spent a lot of money on a business to tax regulators and then pocketing the huge amount in tax deferments or credits you get from it, is almost sure to draw a regulator's ire, even if it takes two years. My guess is that this is exactly what happened [based on the claims of what was owed]( from the Australian offices. It's possible Wright really was quite wealthy at some point off his Bitcoin sales but had cashed out of most of his coin in 2013 and then suddenly realized he owed millions in taxes or loans by the end of 2014.
So Craig needed money. Or to just get out of Australia. He needed to find a whale of an investor who was willing to drop millions on him. He reached out to an old friend, Stefan Matthews (who I think was just duped into the lie as well), that could help him with his financial problems and with "proving" he was Satoshi. That's precisely what Wright seemed to be doing in 2014 at least. He needed the support, and possibly the money that the Canadian investor from nTrust brought to the table, but their deal in late June of 2015, ensured he had to deliver. So deliver he did. What do you do if you know you're eventually going to get raided by the tax office in Australia? Make it a public event by [dropping info about a doxxing prior to that raid to journalists hungry to find Satoshi Nakamoto]( Post on an Amazon review publicly as if you are Satoshi and in every interview or question drop hints like you're Satoshi. Attend conferences and try to get on the Bitcoin speaking circuit, maybe even write a paper or two.
At this point you should probably just read [the massive Andrew O’Hagan article]( O’Hagan does a really good job here as someone not privy to the technical specifics, but still quite versed in human nature, to simply account the actions he saw. He was originally hired to write a book about what would be the unveiling of Satoshi Nakamoto, including all the good and bad, but especially the bad. And sure enough it all went sour, but more sour than the nTrust investor probably expected it would. 
Read O'Hagan's article, and you'll get a general idea of the demeanor of Craig Wright, and possibly knowing that the above evidence from the Fall of 2015 and the "dox" are fabricated, you can see why Craig goes the "insufferable genius" route with the new persona he had created. He had to do it to keep the investors happy enough that they thought he was just a cantankerous mis-guided genius, while not actually having to provide any real proof to actual geniuses and cryptographers who knew what they were doing. Let alone the public! Good god no, the new persona he had created would need to have nothing but the most rancorous disdain for the public! If there's anything Craig did well, it was fool the right people on that aspect. And he was doing it right from the start of the Fall in 2015 with his Amazon review and "fake doxxing".
EDIT: Added a link for "based on the claims of what was owed" further supporting his companies weren't responsible for just tax avoidance or a mistake, but outright tax fraud. Also added his friend's name from the article and an explanation that he seems just as much a victim as everyone else Craig duped and a few bits about the Amazon review and etc.
@_date: 2016-08-04 20:15:04
Thanks. Sorry if I sound a bit bitter at the end, but as someone who's seen (to a degree, first-hand) the Winklevoss ETF application lag now for over two years and coming up on three years this fall, we need to start being frank with each other about it. The established financial banking industry is absolutely loving being able to use their existing bureaucracy to tie up things like the COIN ETF, leveraging, and futures markets to make their buddies who are getting paid six figures or more (plus stock options) even richer.
If we don't push back against this, Britain and Switzerland are going to become the cryptocurrency capitols of the world and the entire world is going to use them instead of US companies. Think the brain drain out of Silicon Valley is bad enough already? It's going to get far, far, worse at this rate.
@_date: 2016-08-03 04:24:17
Armory is for maybe the super paranoid, but I'd consider it military-grade air-gap security. Their multisig implementation is top notch and could withstand even a state-sponsored attack.
Of course, like most people would say, this is where [rubber hose cryptography]( comes in. [Relevant XKCD](
@_date: 2016-08-03 21:49:19
Satoshi never had this sense of entitlement. No one in the community ever asked Craig to do anything except sign a comment and release it publicly. If he doesn't care, then he shouldn't make a claim he's not willing to prove publicly.
@_date: 2016-04-21 17:58:30
The government itself is [one of the biggest polluters in the world]( The EPA does not audit other agencies' environmental impacts.
Even the EPA is not immune from being a polluter. For example, [mistakes like this one]( are more common and directly-attributable to EPA decision-making than most people realize. 
EDIT: Meant to say government is the biggest polluter, not the EPA itself
@_date: 2016-04-28 11:00:02
This honestly deserves more press than it is getting.
@_date: 2016-04-04 15:51:47
Even with FATCA, there still should have been info on *some* Americans. This leak went back to 1977, so I'm calling BS on FATCA being a sufficient excuse, so should everyone else. This has CIA op/smear-campaign fingerprints all over it for every day and hour they don't release US info. My guess is unless we get something on Americans soon, the "informant" is a state-sponsored operative who hacked the data intentionally leaking only the bits they want to get out.
EDIT: Not that I'm complaining, just pointing it out.
@_date: 2016-04-14 15:55:35


Since you are a redditor for 28 days, who are some of the others you know that have been into Bitcoin for years that feel betrayed? I felt kind of betrayed when Gavin tried to persuade Tycho of Deepbit to adopt his particular solution to multi-sig in 2012, I'd be interested in these other folks' opinions on that situation.
I think increasing the blocksize is worth doing, but I'm torn as to when. It seems to me that at the first sight of a fee market developing is a bad time to do so. I'm in this for the long haul and don't care about doubling the value of my coin every year or whatever the exponential rates had been historically from 2009-2013. I'd rather see something that becomes the backbone of all global finance than something we patch so it can double capacity but not actually grow indefinitely.
@_date: 2016-08-04 19:11:39
I keep seeing this, but people still aren't interpreting the regulation compared to what Bitcoin actually offers as a solution or what conditions were already in place at Bitfinex. Their multi-sig solution came about and they "bragged" about it as a marketing ploy to keep their customers, despite being subject to these onerous and foolhardy regulations. Bitfinex had to be able to provide delivery. That delivery was determined to not be fast enough by the gov't agency. The more secure of a multi-sig setup you have, the less timely you can be. So in this case, at the very basest interpretation of the law, the regulation in question was, in-fact, at odds with sufficient security.
[Relevant comment quoted yesterday](


As Liongrass has pointed out, the tl;dr of it is that the CFTC determined **cold storage** did NOT meet the qualifications for *delivery* which has to be done every day, multi-sig or otherwise or fall under futures trading. Sure you could say "bad implementation" till you are blue in the face, but you can't even do the best practice of combining cold storage with multi-sig so as long as this regulation still stands, because it won't be **delivered**. Every exchange will be at risk for a multi-faceted hack that attempts to offer the same or similar services because all the multi-sig wallets have to be hot for **delivery**.
As severact also [points out later on](


TL;DR No delivery = Futures. They clearly changed to meet the CFTC obligations.
Now, cause I saw this pathetic defense cropping up yesterday, for those of you thinking it's easy to become a Futures Market, it's not. At all. LedgerX was about to become one "imminently" in early 2016:
They originally applied in Sept 2014:
One year later, the CFTC had temporarily approved them for swaps:
They're still going through the process. I'm sure it's closer than "imminent" and I'm sure all these former finance industry insiders they are paying hundreds of thousands if not millions to right now are "cheap". /s
Bitfinex's only solution to stay a simple exchange without futures trading was to adopt hot multi-sig wallets or not provide those leveraged options. I suppose from your comments the next tactic the CFTC defenders here are going to use here is that they shouldn't have offered the features because they weren't tested yet? (Despite the fact that Bitfinex and a few others had been offering leveraged features for years?) Seems like an awful lot of backwards-thinking goes into defending regulators these days.
Obviously the CFTC didn't lose the money directly, but they certainly share a brunt of the blame, even if indirectly.
@_date: 2016-04-01 19:26:21


How? They were both authorized to do the exact things they did. That's the problem.
@_date: 2018-01-05 22:26:54
A free market economy is going to allow for GoFundMe-like options for people stuck in serious situations that are beyond their control. There was a time when we didn't sick OSHA after soup kitchens and religious charities, too. Now our local and state governments do it regularly, then petition the federal government for more grants (taxpayer money) to do things with staff paid low wages locally in place of those who were already willing to help and probably far more efficient and effective at doing so for a cost that was not directly taking from taxpayers but working off those same taxpayer's goodwill.
By adding government as the arbiter, we're actually making charity less effective, IMHO.
@_date: 2016-04-27 14:42:48
Especially in commodities. I understand a lot of people see Bitcoin like a stock, but it's not, it's a scarce resource. It's going to trade less like a stock and more like a commodity. That means higher lows and higher highs so long as you are measuring its value in fiat.
EDIT: "Scare" to "Scarce"
@_date: 2016-04-19 21:18:11


I thought after 120 blocks this wasn't the case.
@_date: 2016-04-29 15:12:25
This actually sounds like a really novel idea. Your English is top notch, too, which is hard to find for someone who knows the inner workings of the manufacturing industry there. I don't have a need for this myself, but I would imagine you could find a lot of interested parties.
@_date: 2016-04-28 10:50:31
“In this age, the mere example of non-conformity, the mere refusal to bend the knee to custom, is itself a service. Precisely because the tyranny of opinion is such as to make eccentricity a reproach, it is desirable, in order to break through that tyranny, that people should be eccentric. Eccentricity has always abounded when and where strength of character has abounded; and the amount of eccentricity in a society has generally been proportional to the amount of genius, mental vigor, and moral courage which it contained. That so few now dare to be eccentric, marks the chief danger of the time.”
― John Stuart Mill, On Liberty 
@_date: 2016-04-12 02:50:57
The rumor is that the massive amount of fiat money seized from MtGox/Tibanne's account in the US used for exchanging to Dwolla was Bridges possibly along with Force. Also, the defense proved that at least for a time the federal agents were investigating Karples as possibly being DPR as well, so the movie could progress with him as the prime suspect and slowly change over time and include the seizure portion as well. Honestly, there's enough of a story for it to be a three to six part miniseries.
There's also Bitfloor, the Zhou Tong &amp; Amir Taaki &amp; Bitcoinica debacle, pirate and etc.
[Here's a post where I talk a bit more about the earlier Silk Road](
@_date: 2016-04-22 15:48:58


Never a dull moment in the financial services industry.
@_date: 2016-04-28 10:45:10
Buy on hype, sell on news. I thought this was a known thing. Each time this happens we settle at a higher low than we had previously, so for long-term traders, this isn't a problem. :)
@_date: 2018-01-04 15:58:13
Depends on the day. They take and post articles with extreme views both in favor and against with their guest authors. The "Tylers" seem to be tentatively in favor, though.
@_date: 2018-01-11 16:52:24


This is entirely incorrect. Cryptolution just showed how this is **NOT** the case and provided evidence for it. The mempool will simply not replicate well with 144mb blocks at full use with a network full of 1-2 GB RAM machines.
The sheer ignorance of your comment in light of what Cryptolution just said aside, you didn't even provide any evidence otherwise, just talked about how it would be good for you because you want lower fees now. The Lightning Network can enable sidechains which will help you and others in Venezuela better, anyway, so this isn't exactly an argument in favor of larger block sizes. 
[Even a study recommending 4MB blocks]( acknowledged the problem of getting to 90% distribution at block sizes of that level. There are real technical problems with increasing blocksizes that the average user does not seem to recognize, even when it is explained directly and clearly as what Cryptolution just did above.
@_date: 2018-01-24 22:55:40
It never actually hit $1 though, I know, I was there. :D It dropped just under $2 on MtGox, but didn't drop much lower, there was a huge buy wall at $1.99 or so if I'm remembering correctly. It was an interesting time for sure.
EDIT: [Here's an old graph/chart](
@_date: 2018-01-24 17:02:19
This looks like an open source library/backend that could be use to support many of these alternatives sites that are also listed.
@_date: 2018-01-04 05:17:25
I actually enjoy reading Zerohedge a lot but I had to laugh and agree with a comment I read years ago about it: "Zerohedge has successfully predicted 12 of the last 2 recessions."
They are a good contrarian news source. When every other finance or fintech site is talking about how good economic news is, it's nice to read something with a more somber (if not "sober") attitude. Traditional news and an ever-increasing S&amp;P500 and Dow aren't telling the real story of what is going on.
@_date: 2018-01-08 22:20:42
If someone is going to make the assertion that "most of the altcoins are much more evenly disbursed than Bitcoin" they need to have proof of it, IMHO. Right now we don't know if that is actually the case or not **AT ALL**. It might seem like it, but in the case of ones like Ripple, for example, it's most likely not true, in fact.
@_date: 2018-01-26 20:26:18
slush, deepbit, btcguild, and Eligius were the big four for sure.
@_date: 2018-01-24 22:48:01
You mean the same evoorhees who capitulated to US intelligence agencies because of [this post](
@_date: 2018-01-24 23:00:45
This is definitely the case. In all honesty, I think we're due for a couple months of stablish trading within a few thousand of this range. It might dip under $10k again by tax time (mid-April) as people realize they have to sell more to cover taxes, but I suspect we'll be back up and going again around the end of the year.
We have to remember there's still a lot of the early December newcomers that thought they were going to become billionaires that are being cheered on by all this HODL rhetoric, but that still probably sold a few when it doubled from their entry point and immediately spent it that are realizing they need to sell more to cover their taxes. Others that may have invested around the same time also aren't true believers, they simply pay lip service to all the ideals yet they are still expecting a quick buck and a new ATH within a month or two like we were seeing in 2017. These are the folks that need to get shaken out so that the next bull run is more stable and indicative of the actual progress in the underlying technology, IMHO.
@_date: 2018-01-09 00:05:34
Disparity doesn't include things like the mindsets of those that spend and those that save, too. Why should a saver suffer if a majority spend everything they get and then complain about disparity? How is *that* system fair?
When I see arguments about disparity, I have to wonder if people believe that the mechanism of delayed gratification should not be rewarded. If not, why not? We teach children not to snack on cookies and wait for their meals because we know it is good for our diets. Similarly, we know that saving wealth is good for retirement, yet we're supposed to be up in arms when people actually choose to do so earlier than others (or, in many cases, **at all** Example:[24% of baby boomers have absolutely no retirement savings](
Worse, I hear people say that outright stealing from those who are savers is not what they want to do, but then they recommend policies that essentially do exactly that.
@_date: 2018-01-05 22:37:34
This is just straight up theft, no new regulation necessary.
@_date: 2019-07-26 16:04:06
It also wouldn't have happened without BTC.
I get the nitpicking, I really do, but the spirit of the infographic is in the right place, even if you want to complain about the real world accuracy.
Bitcoin changed my life and it covered the down payment on my house in 2013.
@_date: 2018-01-04 05:23:48


It's important to note that no such weapon yet (knowingly, at least) exists that could simultaneously do this over the entire planet. Additionally, there are computers that are either offline and there are even probably blockchain nodes with full copies running on local networks inside [Faraday cages]( that would be fine. I may or may not be running one of these type of nodes myself. :D
TLDR; If a significant EMP were to hit anywhere in the world, there would be bigger problems than Bitcoin nodes, which would still be running somewhere in the world just fine.
@_date: 2019-07-09 04:52:45
I saw in another comment you already know the adage of "Don't invest what you cannot afford to lose", so you're already doing better than 90% of the folks in this. 
I guess I just I wanted to point out that Bitcoin kind of trades like a commodity, so don't expect to see too many short term plays or opportunities unless you know exactly what you are doing, be it something like the turtle trading method or some other algorithm that you are comfortable with and know works.
@_date: 2019-07-26 14:48:41
It kind of bugs me that something like this, that is actual news, is probably not going to get the recognition that it deserves on social media. 
For those of you not aware of the mining community and what we sometimes deal with, this new protocol is potentially a huge fix to occasional issues with network latency in Stratum v1 and any working Betterhash-like solution gives miners more autonomy in the event of hard forks. I'm excited to see what they come up with and looking forward to seeing how the various pools respond to these ideas.
@_date: 2018-01-05 16:10:30
It's interesting to see the wide range of emotions he went through that day all written down at once. I've had similar pangs of fear when I've done a few of my largest transfers ever. Wondering if a double-check on the send address was enough or if I should have triple-checked it, having "too much" in a hot wallet, etc. 
@_date: 2019-07-30 14:11:57
I'm not sure what that article's source is, but [Bitgold was proposed publicly in 2005]( I know it has been said it was talked about as far back as 1998, but while the concept was there, the parts needed for it were defintely not. 
Note that the original date of the article in the link above as well as its indexing is posted here from Archive.org's Wayback Machine to reveal the true date of this posting. I think Szabo himself changed the date of his article, probably not for nefarious purposes, but it very much existed prior to 2008 but clearly after 1998. 
The idea for Bitcoin could not have come about without RPoW being a "thing" which didn't really exist prior to 2004 and [this post by Hal Finney]( RPoW was even referenced in the Szabo article. The earliest Bitcoin could have been created was 2004/2005, but it essentially took the bank bailouts in 2008 before Satoshi Nakamoto decided to actually make it a thing.
@_date: 2019-07-19 22:16:21


This is correct. I know [some were saying they'd eat body parts if it went over $10k]( and [my prediction in August 2017]( was for "over $10k" by the end of 2017, not $20k.
@_date: 2019-07-09 05:01:45
I [posted this once already here]( but I wanted to post it again since this post makes it seem like all the old Bitcoiners might have bought and held and will unload their stock at any point. Not all of us that got involved early on made bank or even held without spending a single coin. That's just an unrealistic expectation of old Bitcoiners that you commonly see among new Bitcoiners.
Here's the comment (with a slight edit in brackets) to explain the number of miners and the price falling a bit better:








The strongest measure working in favor of the price over the long term is the scarcity of Bitcoin (and other cryptocurrencies). The strongest measure working against the price is the euphoria that comes from people realizing this attribute of the artificial scarcity. The Dollar Cost Averaging strategy tempers the euphoria and actually turns society back into what some of us would call "rational savers". 
This isn't a new phenomenon, either. For at least six thousand years, the intelligentsia of civilization knew about rational saving, and used precious metals as a base storage of monetary value to solve the timing issue of the [double coincidence of wants]( It was by no means perfect, but it was certainly more fair to savers than having a monetary system based on constant inflation of base money.
Bitcoin is bringing back these rational savers.
@_date: 2018-01-24 17:00:43
Both of these are pretty awesome! In some respects they are even better than coin market cap.
@_date: 2018-01-09 16:52:30
I keep mentioning this, but no one in the media asks him about it...
Ver has claimed to have given up his US citizenship status, but his name continues to not be printed in the [Quarterly list of the Federal Register]( of such individuals (expatriates).
I've done searches for his name going back to 2013 (before he renounced, which was supposedly 2014) and I don't see it **anywhere**. Usually the Federal Register are happy to put people's names in there as a sort of "punishment" for leaving the US. Eduardo Saverin is in there, among many other high profile former US citizens, **but not Roger Ver**.
The reason why this is interesting is because Ver was denied entry to the US after renouncing his citizenship, yet he has clearly been coming back again and again. If so, what sort of deal did he have to make in order to have access to the US again? Why did they block him in the first place only to let him come in later on? And perhaps more importantly, is he paying US taxes on Bitcoin gains? If not, I want the deal he has, and so should you!
@_date: 2019-07-23 20:37:21
You have to be careful with this. People have a very nasty habit of thinking they suddenly have the inside scoop on something when in reality it's already too late.
Case in point. I told an old buddy from college in 2012 that he needed to buy Bitcoin. He was not a good saver, but had a good job, so I encouraged him to purchase very small amounts of $100/month. After the initial purchase, he ignored it and I found out a few months later and told him he had to stick with it. I don't think Coinbase had implemented their auto-purchasing at the time, otherwise I would have maybe set up something like that for him. Needless to say, he didn't stick with it. We lost touch.
Anyway, after the boom and bust in April 2013, I still hadn't heard from him. I, meanwhile, had seen the price go from under $10 to over $100 and was buying and selling ASIC miners and making bank. I had been posting about all this on social media and didn't think much of it, but his wife had liked some of my posts so I knew they were still in the loop, I didn't know if he was still buying though. The price crashes after April and starts picking up again in late August. I was on a vacation in November when the price went over $1k for the first time. I rushed to sell a portion of my holdings and was able to afford a nice down payment on a new home.
This old buddy emails me around this time, "Hey I saw your Bitcoin was on Mad Money! I just took out a second mortgage and I'm all in at a basis of $990! When do you think it will hit $60k?"
Needless to say, there was a lot of conversation that night and no, it wasn't all of his second mortgage, he was also doing some home repairs, but it was still very awkward and like trying to explain economics to a five year old. Unfortunately, he was just as stubborn about selling as he was about buying and saw a drop of %20 or more before he capitulated. He never got back into crypto after this, but I had purchased him a single Casascius coin in 2012 that he still had when the price went bananas in 2017, so he made off okay.
I guess my point is to never outright tell people to buy crypto. Telling them when you buy or sell is fine, but even that might only make them jealous. Just tell them the smartest people are in crypto right now and have been for the last several years. If they had any sense of self-worth, they should know why these really smart people all over the world are participating in crypto-currencies, and they shouldn't have to ask people to tell or convince them, they should have the wherewithal to seek that information out on their own.
@_date: 2019-07-10 16:29:12
The reason why the Dollar Cost Averaging strategy works is because you are saving less money than you need to, so you have less invested and can stomach the ups and downs a lot more easily.
The other reason why it works is because despite the sheer amount of support that it has, very few people actually use DCA. It takes a level of dedication that even hardcore savers cannot stick to. I had a friend who joined me in doing DCA and when the price dropped below $3,500 in November 2018, told me he just couldn't justify buying anymore. Had he kept purchasing at the November and December levels, when everything was in despair for him, he would have made the single best trades of the last year and a half, however.
@_date: 2019-07-30 20:31:31
Yeah, I think various news articles have talked about how Nick Szabo has mentioned he came up with the idea in 1998. Here's one such article, by Nathaniel Popper in fact: 
The problem is that the quote from that article doesn't sound legit. Wei Dai had only published [b-money in 1998]( and RPoW didn't really work to fill the concept till 2004. If Szabo was talking about "bitgold" at the time with both Dai and Finney, it would have been basically repeating what Dai had just defined or trying to take credit for his work. 
This all being said, who really knows... [Dai has said that Nick and him had talked]( in emails about crypto based ecash as far back as 1998 as well, so perhaps there is a bit of truth to the 1998 timeframe, after all. Maybe what Szabo is calling BitGold was just crypto-based money at the time and didn't have an actual name.
@_date: 2019-07-26 14:36:25
I paid for my down payment on my house in 2013 using Bitcoin. They wanted me to convert it to fiat, but there's no way it would have happened without Bitcoin being a great store of value.
@_date: 2019-07-16 19:24:32


Don't these places that offer you to trade on leverage close our your position quicker based on the amount of leverage you are using? One reason to use 25x would be because if the price moves against you, you'll be closed out of your position a lot sooner with 100x over 25x.
I'm a long time Bitcoiner who has never traded on leverage, though, so I apologize if I got this incorrectly. I have to say I still don't understand why people trust exchanges that let you trade on leverage. All of them in Bitcoin's history were bucket shops that traded against their own customers positions in order to get free money. Do none of you remember Zhou Tong and Bitcoinica?
@_date: 2019-07-31 14:46:59


When I first purchased Bitcoin it was falling from the price of $1.10/coin to $0.7/coin in March of 2011. In fact, [here is one of the exact charts I have from that time period](
Of course, I didn't HODL everything since that time, but if you told the 2011 version of me that Bitcoin would one day be hovering around $10k I would have imagined fire and brimstone as well.
The truth is, all it takes to give Bitcoin 2x or 10x increases is for a few very wealthy people to change the way they save their money. All it takes for 200x to 1000x increases is for the rest of the Western world to change the way they save their money.
If you ultimately still believe in fiat, you won't be able to envision increases, because you still think fiat is one day going to be worth changing your money back into. It might not go that way. You should be prepared for that.
@_date: 2019-07-15 22:29:51
These assholes say stuff like this and then they arrest people that actually have nothing to do with money laundering like [BurtW]( The Bitcoin community should be really skeptical every time government officials talk about how FinCEN is making sure there's no illicit trading, because there are examples like BurtW where they go after the wrong guy or a guy that has done nothing wrong and then drop the case after stealing his money using civil asset forfeiture.
His whole story is mostly [recorded here]( if you are interested, btw.
I do not suspect they will do a good job of catching actual money laundering and will instead probably raid the houses of grandmas and throw teenagers in prison because they are easier targets, all while patting themselves on the back for making a good deterrence case while the real thugs just use the US dollar and work with bankers who get fines that are tiny percentages of the total money laundering profit they received over a decades worth of transfers.
EDIT: How ridiculous is it that there is a damn room full of journalists and not a single one bothers to ask how much money laundering as a percentage is done with the USD as say, a percentage of M1, M2, and M3, compared to moneylaundering they suspect is done with Bitcoin over either BTC transactions or Bitcoin Days Destroyed?? Because I have a feeling cash is not only still the winner, it's probably the clear winner, too.
@_date: 2019-07-26 16:29:11


The Bitcoin today would have way more value, but at the time, I had plenty of Bitcoin and didn't have a house, so the decision seemed to be easy.
At the time, it was something like $120/coin and had fallen from a high in April of 2013 and was on its way back up. I had loaded up on coin at $65/coin. I sold just over 100 Bitcoin and was holding on to a huge chunk more. That might seem like a lot, but some of us have been doing the Bitcoin thing since 2010, and 100 BTC was not a lot back then, either. Paid taxes on my sales in 2013 in the five figures.
Before you freak out and think I'm a fool for selling, however, you should keep in mind that wasn't all my Bitcoin, not by any stretch of the imagination. I sold even more at $1k in 2013 and rebought in again heavily in 2015. I'm the kind of long term Bitcoin trader that both buys and sells at *around* the right times and believes in and promotes the currency. :D I suspect there are still a decent number of us here, reading and posting on Reddit.
[I have proof that I can mostly time the market too.](
Looks like I was wrong about "April" being the time, but the $4k low wasn't too far off.
@_date: 2019-07-26 04:21:00


This is 100% true, obviously. I'm trying to figure out why people think otherwise...
@_date: 2017-12-18 17:08:56
We have pictures of the pizza that was purchased and laszlo wasn't talking in "code". [He's a real bonifide person]( and not some made up moniker or psuedonym. [The trade took place in 2010 and is fully documented on the forums](
@_date: 2017-12-06 06:16:39
Not entirely. I guess what I'm saying is that a SWOT analysis of BCH is long overdue.
BCH has the potential to take out VISA and Mastercard while BTC continues its assault on traditional finance. Ver would be a fool to overlook this, IMHO.
Whether through sheer dumb luck or otherwise, BCH and the proponents of it might give the rest of us a nudge in the right direction. This is assuming they can solve the scalability issues, but I suspect they might yet be able to do so.
@_date: 2017-12-21 16:22:30
For those of you who didn't know, this came out years ago (2014) and while it was somewhat of a hit at the time, it didn't appear to change anything. In the tapes you get to hear the voices of a timid Federal Reserve, too afraid to offend bankers and more worried about appearances than actually preventing fraud.
@_date: 2019-07-30 14:31:37
I think that's the point. Aspiring minds tried the [LibertyDollar]( and, prior to that, [DigiGold]( which were provably fair and working systems, but the US government still raided them because they cannot stand the idea of any entity other than the government issuing its own currency. The only way something like Bitcoin would work was if it was peer-to-peer (P2P) and provided a decentralized way to maintain a centralized ledger book.
Don't get me wrong, they can complain about money laundering all they want, but the fact of the matter is the three letter agencies don't actually care about money laundering, they care about **WHO** is doing the money laundering and if its their own assets or not. If it is, like the cartels, they'll gladly look the other way. If it's not, like a competing cartel or one that is sympathetic to any other global power, then they'll use "money laundering" as a justification to go after whoever the hell they want.
I think if they just came out and said this and quit pretending like it was money laundering they actually cared about, they'd be doing the world a favor. They won't though, which is why Libra is going to happen. It'll be their own little money laundering operation, run by their own assets, breaking Western laws, defying Western police agencies for the purposes of promoting some twisted brand of "Western hegemony" world-wide. When it is banned by other countries they'll go "See? They don't believe in freedom" all while trying to block Bitcoin users locally who actually care about our financial privacy and freedoms.
@_date: 2017-12-11 17:02:37


While you've made some otherwise salient points, this comment takes things far too much to the "other" extreme. When you own a significant portion of Bitcoin, you value large purchases of some things (other cryptos, gold, lambos, etc.) in terms of it. This has commonly been true for larger gold and silver holders as well. Just because they are adept at converting into fiat terms for the rest of us does not mean they don't make value judgments based on units of account in their preferred asset.
@_date: 2017-12-06 17:11:43
The "market share" argument has been beaten to death over and over again. Cryptocurrencies are out of the bag and governments cannot stop all of them now. It's not so much competition as it is a mutual struggle, but there is a conflict of interest with both complaining about market share and calling something "Bitcoin" when it clearly isn't anymore.
Imagine someone gets online after watching the Big Bang Theory episode on Bitcoin. Google sends them first to Bitcoin.com, and they see a bunch of false statements saying "Bitcoin Cash" is the REAL Bitcoin (*Whew, thank goodness I went to the real Bitcoin site!*), and see the price is under the amount of $5k as mentioned on the show.
(*Holy crap, the price is less than half what it was on the show. I was hearing a bunch of people talking about how it is sure to go to $10k so getting in now at $1500 instead of $5k is a steal!*)
Then maybe a few weeks later they decide to hop online and do some more searches for Bitcoin and find the price of Bitcoin is over $10k now. Their hearts flutter, but when they sign in, they see the value in their account is the same or less than it was before. They didn't just quintuple the value of their investment after all, turns out they've been investing in the wrong Bitcoin the whole time.
I know this happens because I've heard of it happening to two people myself. It's the reason why exchanges are changing the name to Bcash now. People erroneously think Bitcoin.com is run by at least half of the genius behind Bitcoin. It's not, and it could be argued BCH doesn't even have future plans for scaling at this point. They left ASICBOOST in as well, so no new miners are rationally going to want to mine it. Right now it is looking like it'll remain a niche interest till it ultimately devours itself. 
@_date: 2019-07-12 20:19:22
You might be wasting your breath on this one. qawsed123456's post history seems to indicate they've drank the Ripple/XRP kool-aid.
@_date: 2017-12-06 22:50:41
The base layer is the "settlement" layer. It is possible that the second layer will have far more going on and will make more sense to operate in exactly as you say, but it would be representative of "active money" similar to how the reserve banks calculate M1, M2, and M3 now.
@_date: 2018-09-05 16:06:11
Agreed. For those who don't know how he originally became popular, first he authored [this paper]( If you click on that link, remember that at the time, the price of Bitcoin was **under $5**. There is some radical language in there.
Then he created Satoshi Dice, which was an early heavy user of the blockchain (while Luke argued this was spam, I think it's safe to say that it was a good early example of a popular use-case of blockchain tech). Then he sold Satoshi Dice at the ire of the SEC, cut some sort of deal with the US gov't to be allowed back into the US, then created Shapeshift, then advocated for SegWit2X. Now he's adding in KYC/AML. In a scant six years he went from anti-state hero to 
Donning my tinfoil hat [as I've been apt to do before]( the agreement he could have made with the US gov't (specifically intelligence agencies) was to promote SegWit2X as an attempt to divide the community along with his erstwhile friend, Ver. This division of the community kept prices artificially low so that the financial friends of the military-industrial complex could load up, which they then attempted to sell and trash in December by introducing BCH to the world, all the meanwhile paying shills and journalists to post on social media, "You libertarians think insider trading is just fine!" ignoring that while a libertarian might think something should still be legal, there's still an "individual responsibility" aspect that shouldn't go unignored, even if not legally pursued as a crime. What they did was certainly unethical.
@_date: 2017-12-18 15:41:50
Fun fact, BIPs were created as a way to sort of mimic the old RFC format.
@_date: 2017-12-08 17:30:45
I don't think you're understanding the technical problems with this correctly. I've read the Stanford whitepaper, but in their testing they didn't account for real world transaction backlog and the mempool requirements that will come from storing the UXTO set. They also crashed with any nodes under 8GB of RAM. 
1gb blocks and the transfers for them themselves are only the start of the problem. 1gb blocks could require up to 1 tb of RAM for the UXTO database in a real world scenario if we look at the scaling and mempool requirements/problems that even happened with Bitcoin and 1mb blocks in 2015. The RAM requirements make it cost prohibitive for end users, and someone with a significant amount of coin could manipulate the mempool in this way.
You're even showing how 100mb blocks basically rule out end users running nodes and require datacenters. Have you tried to rent tb of space before? Sure, getting a 1gbps connection isn't tough, but VPS solutions that give you terrabytes of space aren't cheap, and you can't just say "Well it's only costs 6tb". That's a per year growth rate. By the fifth year you'll be paying to store 30. 
But even assuming that somehow these are feasible costs and there are enough small businesses out there are willing to take them on you still have other problems like ASICBOOST, which prevent miners from participating on an even footing with the same people even selling them their hardware.
I was really excited about the Xthin stuff, and I'm glad there are people working on it, but we need some significant technological breakthroughs (done safely) to be able to scale on-chain appropriately. I'm not saying it cannot be done, but it isn't feasible from all appearances and BCH will run into the same problems as BTC did if it ever achieves any significant adoption rate.
So long as things like ASICBOOST exist, I believe there's a ticking timer for those technological breakthroughs that would make BCH a viable alternative, too. I still own my original BCH from the fork, but while I'm not selling, I'm definitely not buying either. I just don't see it as having a viable solution to the scaling problem.
@_date: 2017-12-05 22:24:12
Yes, this. I also will never forgive him for [abusing the admin functionality to dox someone on Blockchain.info]( I understand why he was upset, but he basically turned on a spy feature to recoup a measly 4.5 Bitcoin which at the time was easily under $75 in value.
I nope'd right out of my Blockchain.info account on there once I saw that.
In doing this, Roger proved he has a history of spying on his own users and showed us he builds these features into the backends of services he provides.
@_date: 2017-12-06 01:58:04
It is important to note he had done some great things early on to help the early community, but even then there was always this egocentric tinge to it. It was "check it out, I was on Fox Business!" and etc. He also had some awkward ways of explaining the technology that just didn't leave the people he was talking to with the sense this was anything more than a get rich scheme.
A lot of us at the time on the forums didn't really diss him much for it, just had our chuckles about lack of technical understanding and moved on. There were parts of his demeanor that just refused to change, though. Rather than letting the scope and scale of what we were all doing temper his tone, he seemingly got more and more maniacal about it.
When Andreas came around and did that first really popular lunch video in 2013 where he explained Bitcoin to some investors over an hour and twenty minutes or so, that video basically put into words what all of us were thinking. I don't want to give Andreas a big head about it, but he really knocked the ball out of the park by answering questions and piece by piece explained just how secure the Blockchain really was in layman's terms. The difference between an average video with him in it and Ver in it was obvious. He was a far more composed spokesperson, and a genuine credit to the community.
I don't know why, but part of me still hopes Ver can temper himself and lead BCash to some degree of success, even if it's just an alternative Bitcoin. His personality unfortunately probably prevents this fork from ending well, though. He might end up going down in history as the guy that stewarded lost sheep not onto their own path, but over the nearest cliff. History tends not to be too kind to people with personalities like Ver, and despite whatever he thinks are good intentions, he is likely to see those around him turn on him as he's an easier target than weapon for their bottom line.
As mad as I've gotten over some of the things he's done and said, I do wish him the best and hope he listens to some of the advice trustworthy people around him are giving him.
@_date: 2017-12-06 04:07:07


I wish I could upvote this more. It is sometimes difficult for people in his position to see some of the criticisms as constructive, while ignore those that are imbecilic (if that is even a word!) regarding his previous businesses. I'm very concerned about people around him who might have duped him into believing it is all about him and pushed him towards the path he has taken. He must know that at least some of us always intended to go after the banking sector and not just the payments sector. If he can let us do our own thing, I think he can see success in going after the payments sector as well. (I'll be honest, neither is sacrosanct).


This is *so* true. While I've been harsh to Ver online, my offline discussions about Bcash have been far more tempered, mostly because I believe Ver still has good intentions, he's just not necessarily focusing on them. I am not someone who owned Bitcoin before and sold off their Bcash post-fork.
While I disagree with Ver on the larger picture, I think he genuinely sees "payment networks" as the problem while the rest of us see "modern banking" as the problem. I think there is far more to gain by having him focus on payment networks while we focus on banking than if we are to continue to squabble about what is or is not "Bitcoin". Both coins can survive, and combined they would be a very imposing force against the modern system. I hope he realizes this, too.
@_date: 2017-12-26 15:14:03


What people don't understand is that while BCash could see a bit of interest for a period, what happens when they hit their technical limits is that their legit (non-cloud solution, so 45% or less) node operators are going to realize a second layer was required all along and suddenly there's going to be this flight from BCash to second-layer BTC solutions. Might be 3 months, 6 month, 1 year, or even 3 years from now, but it *will* happen and they'll have nothing in place or even scheduled in the development process to deal with it.
@_date: 2019-07-16 14:58:04






-- [Andreas Antonopolous on the shared delusion of 'money' in his speech "The Stories We Tell About Money"]( (Link is directly to where he starts talking about 'money' itself a little bit before the quoted part above)
@_date: 2017-12-12 23:01:25
This also explains tech's fall on NASDAQ, too. FOMO (Fear of missing out).
@_date: 2017-12-21 20:30:24


I think it was determined it was over 50% of their nodes, actually.
@_date: 2017-12-11 16:49:33
I honestly think that if that same study was done today, 4chan would be the most informed followed by reddit and then maybe followed by NPR and then still "no news" over the Fox News and CNN and even Daily Show viewers. 
My folks watched both Fox AND the Daily Show in 2012, and I believe they were considerably misinformed, especially on economic issues.
@_date: 2018-09-26 18:52:24
A few that are still around and I occasionally use but don't use every day anymore:
1. BitcoinMonitor - Neat site to watch for interesting transactions
2. BitcoinCharts - Old charting site
3. OrganofCorti's blog - [Neighborhood Pool Watch]( - Wish he'd come back, his analysis was awesome and his charts and difficulty predictions were great.
4. [Bitcoinity Markets](
5. BitcoinTalk - Forums
Ones I don't use but used to use a lot:
1. MyBitcoin - Lost 10-14 BTC (not sure exactly how much) when it went down.
2. Deepbit - Mining
3. Eligius - Mining
4. BTCGuild - Mining
Ones I don't go to anymore or don't trust whether or not they are around:
1. MyBitcoin - Online wallet
2. Blockchain[dot]info - Used to be a block explorer with some decent charts, tried to turn into an exchange and wallet holding company like MyBitcoin was (which I just don't trust).
3. MtGox - Exchange
4. Bitfloor - Exchange
5. Dwolla - Not really BTC-related anyway
6. BitInstant - Kind of like an exchange?
@_date: 2017-12-07 22:09:04
Whenever I would tell **certain** people what the price has gotten to I would get this retort: "You should sell". The problem is, while they could certainly be right today at this specific moment, they still told me to sell at $500, too. Then $2k. Then $5k. But in their minds, they only remember the times they were right, and disregarded the times they were wrong. I've heard this since 2011 from **some** friends and family. 
And they don't bother to research why it increased and why it crashed to lows that are higher than the previous bubble's high. If I tell them, they ignore me. But if they hear a talking head in the media rant and rave about Bitcoin, that's somehow more legitimate advice. In short, they don't understand money and scarcity and they don't have an investment mind. They aren't willing to wait and do the legwork looking for a good opportunity themselves, be it Bitcoin or any other investment. They get propagandized, not self-learned.
That's not to say BTC is not bubbling right now. It certainly seems so. But it wasn't bubbling at $1-4k. That growth was, believe it or not, rational for a scarce resource. Bubbles and the cycles themselves are rational for scarce resources, because the dollar is always increasing in supply. What is not rational is investing in something you heard of on a program that has millions of viewers. You won't be unique in that instance, you'll be one of a million others chasing over each other to invest.
@_date: 2017-12-21 16:43:48
No, but this is finally the year of Linux on the desktop.
@_date: 2018-09-25 14:43:27
Yes, but there are two credible threats:
1. The computer is updated initially to Electrum and downloads dependencies off the Internet before it becomes "airgapped", meaning that a backdoor that uses high frequency transfers (using the soundcard) or a backdoor that compromises thumbdrives could be installed that doesn't 'activate' till being off the network for X number of days/months/years.
2. Electrum updates with new features that you want to use on your airgapped machine, but that new version has a new dependency that you have to connect to the Internet to get. You really need that new Shamir Secret Sharing feature or support for a new hardware wallet (or whatever it might be) so you connect to the Internet and thus compromise your airgapped device.
Granted, these are both for the ultra paranoid, but they *are* credible threats. Implementing backdoors into operating systems that stay offline for long periods of time might become viable threats. In fact, while it has been years, [there was one such backdoor built into the linux kernel years ago](
@_date: 2017-12-20 17:10:55


Libertarian minarchists think fraud should be illegal and prosecutable but don't believe new regulations are the answer. Ancaps don't always have a consistent response to this.
@_date: 2017-12-19 16:29:16


It's not just disk space, it's the transfer time and block validation process.
@_date: 2017-12-26 15:16:18


Technically feasible != Practically feasible
When all nodes are are centralized as 1TB blocks will require, the blockchain will be indistinguishable from the present SWIFT or federal reserve systems today.
@_date: 2017-12-08 21:47:50
This joke is only funny if you measure value in taxable inflatable fiat still.
@_date: 2018-09-26 15:19:57
The gist of it is, that due to the properties of hashes, we can know when data has been changed. Due to the properties of a merkle tree, we can not only tell when data has been changed, but we can tell exactly which piece of data has changed. Merkle trees do not exponentially grow at the same rate as the underlying data, either, which means they can be small in size and fast for working with.
@_date: 2018-09-18 19:29:56


I suppose it's less sad than having a 3 month old account that pretty much does nothing of note but oddly both subscribe to and bash on Reddit, though, right?
@_date: 2018-09-11 20:59:51
I don't want watch the major news networks' propaganda, but if they are all coordinating on negative crypto news this could be a positive sign.
@_date: 2018-09-05 18:43:11
Allowing for a maximum in both safety and privacy. This is a great innovation for those of us that don't want to run complex servers and services but do run our own nodes.
@_date: 2017-12-07 22:52:39




Key words there. Additionally, by doing things like SPV and more, we decreased network bandwidth at the cost of increased processing time. What's really crazy here, too, is that in this paragraph what he's talking about is actually kind of like where they are going with second layer solutions, offloading more processing bandwidth onto nodes of a second layer in a specialized fashion, then settling with network bandwidth on a settlement layer.
Of course, you have to increase the scope of the definition of the word bandwidth to include processing bandwidth to see why second layer solutions are a good idea, but that's not what big blockers do. It's why even with 1gb blocks and the network problems of transferring them, they don't see the problems of the processing side. We can't handle mempools of the kinds of sizes they are talking about, even with datacenter solutions. At least, not in any sort of feasibly-cheap manner. We can, though, when we offload some of it as second layer solutions.
@_date: 2018-09-27 18:01:01
With two of them, yes.
@_date: 2018-09-13 14:56:01


Oddly enough, Ravencoin's "assets" are already live on their testnet and going live on prodnet this October, then people can issue stock and digital assets on their blockchain. And since it's not an ICO but an actual alt, it should be able to do atomic swaps with Bitcoin. Please note: This is not an endorsement to buy the coin, just an observation worth noting. We could easily see some of the same hysteria we saw with Ethereum with RVN if the market was ripe.
@_date: 2018-09-19 15:50:25
Article summary:
"Guys, listen, we know crypto. We're not spending money to do anything with it, but we are prepared to. It's 'fake news' to say we aren't doing anything, though. We have interest in it and we serve our clients' interests which want us to do stuff in crypto, which we know, but don't worry we haven't committed any money to it. It's fake news if anyone says we're not doing anything in crypto, we are thinking about it all the time." /s
"Also, we are a bank that cannot properly secure a physical asset." /s
@_date: 2017-12-21 16:39:43
Segwit (specifically with regards to fixing transaction malleability) and the Lightning Network are pretty major upgrades, even opponents of Bitcoin Core admit this, in fact, they've used it in the past as an *attack* on Bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-07-08 21:03:13
What you say: "I sold near the end of the spike"
What I hear: "I sold but because I'm here, I'm a short term trader."
What you say: "now waiting for the price to go down again so I can get more"
What I hear: "I will buy due to fear of missing out if some whale starts pumping this."
Everyone here talks about how there are Bitcoin whales, but if you follow our comment history, we exist among you and it's easy to take advantage of mistakes. Don't FOMO, buy and hold and you won't be liquidated. Anything else is just going to be too risky.
@_date: 2017-12-19 17:18:08
The above (and the OP comment about Assange, actually) is known as an [ad hominem]( attack. These attacks are used when someone chooses not to debate the merits of an argument or statement and instead attacks the character of the person saying it.
Ad Hominem attacks are often used by individuals too intellectually-impaired or emotionally-engaged to have a logical debate on a subject.
What's even worse still is the argument of "Assange is a propaganda outlet for Russia" isn't even proven at this point. It's just an accusation thrown about as if it were already a proven fact. What we do know is Assange posts what is given to him and he appears willing to leak anything without consideration for the political consequences. 
If you are a die-hard partisan, or "Western governments can do no wrong" type of person, you'll obviously find this unwelcoming and feel a need to attack the character of those who question the narrative you are pushing. Is it safe to say you are such a person?
@_date: 2018-09-06 17:55:29


I remember in August/September of 2012 after hitting $13/coin it fell to $8/coin and there was someone on the BTCTalk forums saying Bitcoin will never hit $10 or $9/coin again.
[Bitcoin is a honey badger]( you don't tell it what it can or cannot do.
@_date: 2017-12-13 16:10:03
To be fair, it's only been *one month* since the 2x folks finally threw in the towel. Some developers of crypto solutions were probably waiting to figure out exactly how things were going to play out, not just in early August with the UASF/SegWit or September/Oct with BCH, but with 2x in November as well.
I'm not sure why you have a defeatist attitude about it. You also seem to be speaking out of both sides of your mouth with the "I am 100% in support of Lightning" in this comment and the sarcasm of "Oh, I get it. Lightning is supposed to be our savior. Once lightning happens, we'll have ZERO fees" before that. **Who is actually promising zero fees here? Why are you purposely misrepresenting what Lightning is if you support it?**
The best applications for Lightning next year might be the one created by a team that isn't even formed yet, or doesn't have the venture capital lined up to even form yet. Just because it's not happening right now doesn't mean there's not some interesting stuff in the works.
Also keep in mind that while there is still value in altcoins, a lot of unnecessary attention will not be spent where it needs to be on sidechains, which will be mostly replacing them. Altcoins not based on BTC will turn out to be mostly unnecessary (except maybe as backups to Bitcoin) when it is possible to do a sidechain and get interest from even the "never altcoin" types.
The only way these things won't happen is if the core developers experience resistance, and we already know what the outcome of that is going to be so long as they can maintain the user's support.
@_date: 2017-12-26 15:34:44
Important enough to spell out completely. "Don't invest more than you can afford to lose."
Despite it's longevity and scarcity, Bitcoin is still a risky asset. When you hear about people taking out second mortgages and betting the farm on Bitcoin, they are the emotional investors who will very likely lose everything on price swings. We don't want emotional investors, we want people willing to HODL with small amounts that they don't care about risking.
@_date: 2015-12-07 15:23:55
The rules have been pretty straightforward.


If is seen as a medium through which people can advocate for underlying protocol changes, it'd be worthless to me as a sub because every non-programmer who has an opinion will make comments one way or another constantly.
I don't know of a way to solve this directly, precisely because the Bitcointalk forum and this subreddit are two of the largest mediums for Bitcoin users, so they will naturally draw attention from these kinds of people, but I definitely don't fault theymos for making the decision to forbid promotion of direct hardforks. 
It seems like a reasonable way to prevent the subreddit from turning into a meta cesspool.
@_date: 2018-09-06 18:31:35
If this were the case they would want it to keep rising so they could launder more money in Iran where it's still at/near the ATH.
@_date: 2017-12-06 01:35:01
If someone ever sets one up, they need to include that while Ver has claimed to have given up his US citizenship status his name continues to not be printed in the [Quarterly list of the Federal Register of such individuals](
I've done searches for his name going back to 2013 (before he renounced) and I don't see it anywhere. Usually they are happy to put people's names in there as a sort of "punishment" for leaving the US. [Eduardo Saverin]( is in there, but not Ver.
The reason why this is interesting is because Ver was denied entry to the US after renouncing his citizenship, yet he has clearly been coming back again and again. If so, what sort of deal did he have to make in order to have access to the US again? Why did they block him in the first place only to let him come in later on? And perhaps more importantly, is he paying US taxes on Bitcoin gains? If not, I want the deal he has, so long as it is not spying on users for a three letter agency!
@_date: 2018-09-07 19:46:43
But it **does** belong to them mathematically.
I get your point, but for the purposes of cryptos, explaining to people that if they don't hold the keys, they don't own the coin is a very real and relevant message.
Right now there are probably tens to hundreds of thousands of people that are storing their digital wealth in exchanges. They don't have to, but they choose to do so. MtGox was the biggest exchange in the world at the time it went under and it turned out they didn't have everyone's coin months (and possibly, years) before the users actually found out. 
It seems to me that it's a lesson worth educating people on.
@_date: 2018-09-25 17:01:04


Yes, because you have to. Dependencies and updates for libraries and packages are always coming out. For example, Electrum requires python3-pyqt5 and even if you compile it yourself you're going to need pip and pyqt5-dev-tools at the least. 
Don't take this the wrong way, though. I guess what my point is is that there isn't an "all-in-one" OS version that is hardened and designed from the ground up to be a secure offline and air-gapped device.


Not really, there's always going to be a firmware or trojan or other potential backdoor threat. Granted, it's going to be so rare as to be completely ignorable for 99% of users, but for the 1% hardcore that want an airgapped machine completely safe from state-level attackers, they don't really have a lot of options right now. The closest thing ever to it was/is Armory, but Electrum offers some features Armory doesn't have (and vice-versa).
What would be cool is if maybe the two of them could combine the security features (and Shamir's Secret Sharing) of Armory with the capabilities of Electrum for the ultimate air-gapped device.


In case you never heard of it, did you know USB firmware can be hacked/cracked to load malware? [Here's a scary story about it](
This is what I'm basically describing, a scenario in which a state-level attacker compromises your USB and infects the airgapped computer, then establishes a side channel for key transfer between soundcards on each of the computers. It's not entirely impossible for such a thing to happen. 
@_date: 2017-12-13 16:16:17
I'd like to thank Jeff Garzik for personally showing us how worthless Bitcoin forks can be.
@_date: 2017-12-05 17:22:04
Unless you did have that much and actually did spend it. :/
@_date: 2018-09-11 21:02:45
Could have bought using 4% of his net worth at 6400, then decided to go all in at 96% of his net worth, leveraged, at $17k and gets closed out of his position as it fell. There's a reason why major news outlets, when they do these hit pieces, don't talk about specifics.
@_date: 2018-09-12 16:20:58


Audit the Fed is popular, sure, but there was a reason we couldn't stick to the gold standard itself. I think a lot more in this sub would just say algorithmic money is straight up superior, but that if fiat is "backed" by anything it should be a basket of commodities, not just any one metal.
Plus, what does Russia have to do with sound money? Their fiat deserves to be just as worthless. I think you're seeing ghosts and being unwilling to admit that plenty of us in the West have serious problems with the military-industrial complex and rent-seeking among corporate conglomerates.
It's pretty sad if US intelligence now equates sound money advocates with some bygone enemy from the past. It's like the entire DoD still hasn't moved past the Dulles era and still thinks international intervention comes without blowback. To these deluded sorts of individuals, the only reason they see any sort of disagreements from true blooded Americans is because they have to have had some sort of payment from "the enemy". Please, wake up and look at the state of the country from someone not sucking on the spigot of defense spending for once and realize how hard it is to make a living when your government is spending more than it makes, it shouldn't be a surprise that its fiat is dead/dying.
@_date: 2018-09-28 15:07:21
This will get denied just like the ETFs. We don't need SEC approval or justification and we should stop advertising for the existing financial institutions.
EDIT: Apparently it's CFTC approval that is needed in this case. While I think this fits better as Bitcoin is more like a commodity than a stock, I still don't think we need a government entity to justify cryptocurrencies.
@_date: 2017-12-06 06:10:48
The only thing I would add is to remember his focus. He wants payment networks (VISA, Mastercard) to change. There's opportunity here that I'm not sure he recognizes. There's a ton for them to lose. Make BCH great again. Make it about taking out VISA and Mastercard and you're sure to get interest. BTC is going in a different direction but that doesn't mean that BCH doesn't have a very important role to play.
@_date: 2017-12-06 06:06:07
Man. But I am serious about this. Ver has a lot to gain from making Bitcoin Cash the attack on payment systems. My only concern is that he focuses on that and that exclusively.
@_date: 2015-12-10 05:52:56


I agree that we can't take the comment immediately as being Satoshi, but I see this unsigned stuff pop up all the time. Did anyone ever find any evidence of Satoshi EVER signing anything with his PGP key? 
I think someone made a claim no one has ever seen anything signed with that key when the Dorian ordeal happened, and no one ever corrected the guy.
I would say the Bitcoin-dev email that happened earlier this year and the P2P foundation comment were both instances where it is possible and has not been disproven that it could have feasibly been the original Satoshi.
@_date: 2018-09-26 15:24:32
Yes, but each of those countries's primary currency during the time became a "reserve" currency of sorts because they were made of gold or silver. I looked up the history on this once and emailed my friends about it back when Bitcoin was at $350 in 2015 to try to encourage them to buy. From one of the paragraphs I wrote:


Also, the chart I used in the email was [slightly different to the one above]( It still had the same data but fleshed out the timeframes.
@_date: 2015-12-30 22:55:32
I highly doubt people are being paid, some of them just have more time than others and are very passionate about how they feel. I'm more upset lately that these same people seem to be responsible for gmaxwell disappearing.
@_date: 2015-12-20 22:52:14
Good, now the same needs to happen for the Blockchain Alliance and its clear threat to fungibility.
@_date: 2018-09-11 16:38:28
Ding. Ding. Ding. This is the winner. People have no idea just how big of a deal it will be price-wise if there is a flight from Tether. Especially if rumors regarding Tether are true and it's not really legit. That means rebuying BTC.
@_date: 2018-09-28 22:04:34
It worked for me even though it kept crashing. I'm not sure what happened or why it had issues, but it did eventually just work. I'm probably going to go to a different wallet eventually, though, it was confusing when it did transfer/convert.
@_date: 2015-12-23 16:30:54


There isn't, and if anything you just reinforced the ill will that people have for this Blockstream conspiracy theory stuff. 
Everyone using Bitcoin today knows that there is a major lack of incentives for sysadmin types to run full Bitcoin nodes. I've run several in the past and just one today. I've served up over 100GB in bandwidth in just one month with just one node. This isn't right and proper for a home Internet connection, and just increasing block size is only making this harder and perhaps worse. At some point we're going to need sysadmins to start running off VPS and they'll need to be making money to justify it, even if it's only enough to cover the month-to-month costs.
After the LN stuff goes in place, there will at least be *some* incentives for sysadmin types to run more nodes and offer more features. My guess is that Blockstream plans to make money offering support services to the few technical types that will be adding new nodes and the miners and merchants that would use LN Nodes. They may even charge a nominal fee for support.
Since this is all in its infancy, I double the support is going to cost much, and many if not most will be able to manage without Blockstream's help. As they get bigger, however, they may end up needing their assistance. Additionally, it is likely that exchanges would want to set up direct Lightning network nodes to provide for a more effective arbitrage. They would probably immediately want Blockstream's support and could probably afford it without too much impact on end users.
So there is your ultimate conspiracy. Something that isn't going to be worth millions any time soon, but is a new layer that ultimately encourages system administrators and network operators to participate more, which helps Bitcoin scale appropriately.
@_date: 2018-09-25 17:03:51
Good lord let's hope not...
@_date: 2015-12-23 20:52:25
FWIW, the OP's post history kind of indicates they are a combative troll and are never going to be happy, even with a reasonable answer like yours.
@_date: 2015-12-23 17:17:36
My general rule of thumb for people looking at investing in Bitcoin is the following:
If you're buying today, you need to be prepared to wait half the time since the first block for an optimum selling price.
This is advice that has, so far, stood the test of time since Bitcoin has had value. People buying in late 2013 have only waited a little over two years now for a return on investment. That's high in comparison to 2011 to 2013, maybe, but not for a maturing commodity. As Bitcoin trades like a commodity, that's hardly any time at all.
If you're not familiar with or comfortable trading commodities like copper, oil, or gold, you should be looking at the other features of Bitcoin and not treating it like an investment vehicle. You'll ultimately end up being the weak hands that trades too soon, IMHO.
There were a lot of people in early 2012 who were envious of the guys who bought at $2 during the late 2011 fall in price. Over time, those guys saw the price rise from a "too high" $4 to eventually over $12 by August 2012. Of all the jealously and envy, even those guys who scrambled to buy at $15 and held through early 2013 made bank later on, and perhaps even own some today having only sold off portions of their holdings in 2013.
Bitcoin really is a buy and hold strategy. Don't quit your day job when the price doubles. Don't even quit it when the price quintuples, you're going to have to pay taxes, and the gains really aren't such that you can bank on them. Just buy and hold and retire a bit earlier, or buy that boat/car/home you've wanted. Don't expect to be a millionaire overnight.
@_date: 2015-12-20 20:16:23
It's possible this was more of an interface bug than an actual "can extract more Bitcoin than one has"-bug. $5k seems reasonable, if so.
@_date: 2018-09-24 22:42:39
While this is very nice, it assumes you already have Electrum installed which means you put your offline device "online". It'd be nice if there was a script and dump or depo that let you download a single file that you could move to an airgapped version of Linux that never needed to be connected in order to update dependencies and such.
@_date: 2018-09-28 22:06:51
MtGox was more central to Bitcoin internationally in 2013 than Coinbase is central to just the US holders today. Bitcoin will be just fine. Everyone storing coin there will be kicking themselves though.
@_date: 2015-06-01 18:44:09
That's not the same thing. I think he's referring [to this](
@_date: 2015-12-28 07:32:20
This is like the three most important questions and they aren't on their FAQ...
@_date: 2015-06-01 15:22:54


Sure it does. How are you going to pay for it? Raise my taxes or go into debt and kick the can down the road like the boomer generation did?
@_date: 2015-12-10 07:34:52
This keeps coming up and I feel like it shouldn't anymore. Does anyone have any proof that Satoshi signed any message ever with his PGP key?
EDIT: So from the headers, we know this clearly isn't Satoshi, at least the last email to the dev list looked like it could have feasibly come from the vistomail servers. This was clearly a spoofed Wisconsin Roadrunner cable IP:
`Received: from mail.vistomail.com (cpe-104-231-205-87.wi.res.rr.com
@_date: 2015-12-21 22:43:11
Snowden showed that accountability at the federal level was sorely lacking, at least. Planned or not, it requires we get some things changed that people seem to be resistant towards.
To be honest, I wouldn't be surprised if there are some people in gov't that see something like Bitcoin as a way to get others in gov't to start being financially responsible as well.
@_date: 2018-09-27 18:13:18
The great thing about 24 + 1 is that even if they surmise you are using plausible deniability, there is no sure way to guess the 25th word to any degree of certainty. You could have multiple 25th words and no one is any wiser as to exactly how many coin you have.
@_date: 2018-09-18 19:46:50
It's cute that you think the part of my comment worth defending against was the length of time the account has been active rather than the fact that it's been used to do essentially nothing during its existence but bash Bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-12-29 15:35:44
Well, to be fair, their tactics would simply change with a central authority figure, they'd instead insult that person and use ad homeniem attacks to get their way.
@_date: 2015-12-30 22:32:44
I'm not going to carry on a conversation with someone who is lying about who they are. You're either irrelevant to the conversation or this specific account was created to push an agenda because you're too afraid to on your primary account, have a good day.
@_date: 2017-12-12 22:18:48
10 of it was spent, there's only about 12 BTC left in it, actually. The problem is finding something worthwhile that won't be gamed by manipulation. The same sort of thing happened in 2013 with the forum donations, and a few select people were really upset about how it was spent, even though there was no fair way to decide how to spend it that couldn't also be gamed.
@_date: 2018-09-28 22:13:07
No idea, I had to download what seemed or felt like a 3rd party app, then turn it on, then clicked a conversion button, then clicked accept or agree or something. 
I could then never get it to open again and assumed I had just lost all my BCH. About an hour later I guess it got enough confirmations and it would have been working again, but I didn't try looking at it then. Instead I waited 24 hours and sure enough I had more BTC in my Mycellium app the next time I opened it.
@_date: 2018-09-07 20:23:33
If you accept the fact that you're exposed to exchange risk then there isn't a problem with that, but it is a risk that all users should be aware of, hence the reason why you see the "if you don't control the keys, you don't control the coin" posts.
@_date: 2015-06-19 14:05:44
This is very detailed, but I think what OP is looking for is something that media outlets could use to talk about the debate and the potential compromise. Something with arrows and fancy stuff for imagery. Imagine the sidebar of a magazine. Good start, though!
@_date: 2015-12-09 22:54:02
Don't forget [Bernard von NotHaus](
@_date: 2015-06-23 18:08:04
Well, it might have been as a hedge, especially as the economy turned sour.
Keep in mind that the roaring 20s were followed by the great depression. It could be he held the bills through the depression because they were only becoming more and more valuable. It also could be that he started off with more, but slowly cashed in $10k at a time and the $30k was just what was left.
@_date: 2015-12-24 17:52:50
Oddly enough, it looks like Bitcoin is going to [hit its 100 millionth transaction]( sometime very soon, too.
EDIT: And [difficulty will probably pass 100 billion]( soon (maybe not this next valuation, but the one after [~2 weeks later])
@_date: 2018-09-24 16:45:12
One could say you need all three of the others in order for the blockchain to function as a trusted entity, though. 
Is it better to include P2P in the definition of a blockchain or not? It looks like [wikipedia currently does not]( but instead indicates it is "typically managed by a peer-to-peer network collectively". It would seem to me that we wouldn't want to rule out a blockchain managed in a non-p2p manner, but I've always included the p2p network when explaining the "hashcash"-like attributes as well. It seems essentially to the element of trust, which is typically what a layman asking "what is a blockchain" are going to want to know.
@_date: 2015-06-10 18:10:58
I think there's little doubt that there used to be more, but the quality might have been lower. What I mean is, I used to run the bitcoin client on 3 or 4 machines on the same NAT'd IP because I had 3 miners going at any given point in time and one regular client I wasn't really benefiting the network by running 4 nodes on the same IP. As pools became more of the norm, and especially after [GBT]( people didn't really need to be running multiple clients but some of us just chose to run them in order to keep track of which of our miners were mining how much coin. 
I know a lot of people give Luke crap for other stuff, but his comments on this may be pretty accurate, IMHO. I finally shut down my extra clients as the blockchain hit over 10 gb and I realized I didn't really need to keep that many clients going.
Also, the Bitcoin QT client was and still is kind of behind the times. In early 2013 there were concerns about coin control and deterministic wallets and etc. that were genuine issues with the Bitcoin QT wallet and Satoshi client, even. One thing that I think a lot of people didn't realize was that the Satoshi client only pre-generated something like the next 100 addresses, so a backup you made in 2011 of your wallet might not be accurate in 2013 after your 300th spending of coin. I'm not sure if the QT client is still this way, but the non-deterministic wallet structure made it a very unappealing thing to recommend that newbies use.
@_date: 2015-06-23 19:48:23
Why is there an annoying error in the very first section? A.I.3:






Presumably it would be easier to answer in October 2016 than in December 2015, but almost certainly easy to answer in December **2016**.
@_date: 2015-06-01 14:14:31
I'm all for being more critical, too, but his opinion particularly on gay marriage and NN is a bit more nuanced than the naysayers here make out. He's not flat out opposed to gay marriage (he takes a states right's position) or NN (he just wants the FCC out of regulating Internet) and his position on abortion, while certainly more pro-life than many others is not "crazy pro-life".
He is against universal health care, but so am I because it's a "positive right". That means someone else has to sacrifice on your behalf, and I'm not in favor of even calling those "rights" because they are actually more like entitlements and those are what the baby boomers over-relied on which got us into the financial mess we're in right now.
As far as Republicans go, Paul's a bit more sane than the usual tripe. But yeah, if your standard is typically left-of-center or you are a perennial "not-Republican", then you might as well look at Bernie Sanders or Gary Johnson, or even Clinton.
@_date: 2015-12-29 16:01:23
You might be surprised. A lot of these places run on reputation alone and cryptographic-proof of an error coupled with word-of-mouth can be pretty damaging to their longevity.
@_date: 2015-12-29 02:07:19


I wasn't aware that Gavin had a "very vehement and vocal position against developers". Don't twist my words. I was talking about people like you, not Gavin.
@_date: 2015-12-29 15:26:49


Then your opinion is irrelevant. I'm supposed to believe you are a long-time lurker when your account seems like it was created just over two weeks ago and has done nothing but complain about "censorship"? Do you even comment in non-Bitcoin subreddits or do you just have problems with this one?
Gavin actually attempted to pull this behind the scenes political manoeuvring before with BIP16/BIP17, and if you were present in 2012, you'd have remembered it and remembered how poorly it was handled. Quit worshipping Gavin/Hearn and stop trying to hard fork. If it's such a good idea you can convince people on some other medium than one that is actually about Bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-12-08 19:38:06
And some of us did think it would get that high, but thought it might be a decade or more away yet.
@_date: 2015-06-24 16:48:05
No problem, I just hate seeing stuff like that right out of the gate! I see you've already corrected it.
Looking at it further, this is an interesting concept. You seem to think Truthcoin would essentially replace Bitcoin entirely (due to the merged-mining). It might.
I'm not sure there would actually be people willing to risk coin on this system, and I'm worried about gaming the system given there's no clear explanation about how disbursement of Votecoins will be "fair" from what I can tell. Only that people that participate will gain more and more as time goes on and those that don't participate will lose over time. Early users can and likely will set up a score of Votecoin accounts and manage them via a script. 
The only specification that seems to matter in your system is participation, so it sounds like one could participate with a plethora of accounts, making it look like the system is more honest than it actually is and participated in by significantly more users than are actually using it. They could then run the system completely legitimately for a year to build a userbase, then abuse their total 65% advantage (as highlighted on page 20). Your argument that it would be unlikely for this to happen seems to ignore the Ver's and others, who are willing to sit on piles of cryptocurrencies till that one "sure bet" comes along.
Your argument that abuse will devalue the VoteCoin, while admirable, fails to account for just how much value could be gleaned by that one "sure bet" opportunity and homo sapien's proclivity towards short term benefits. As someone who could game the system by using it to build trust, I'd be happy to sit doing normal "with the grain" voting till the first major contentious issue comes up, then operating abnormally.
Once a contentious issue arises, and gaming is being suspected of both sides of an issue or vote (or even one side is expected heavily), the "game theory" answer for an honest user is that reputation of the system itself will be called into question post-vote, so the obvious solution is to sell immediately, then buy back up the Votecoin very slowly at bargain basement prices after the decision and subsequent crash.
The arguments you make against collusion assume there is more than one agent involved, but there wouldn't be in the case I'm the most concerned about. The only person who could check someone like a Roger Ver in this system would be Satoshi. And so on down the line till there's a clear established line of who can check who.
Anyway, this all assumes that the actors are going to make decisions only to gain at other's expense. It's possible Ver and other large holders would be benevolent. I won't participate in this system with my own BTC, but I might consider participating as a Votecoin user assuming the distribution mechanism is fair and I see that the system is being used by non-puppet accounts. At the moment, even though I've been active since 2011, I still haven't really done much with BitcoinOTC or Bitcointalk reputation systems. Since this is a way to actually be rewarded by participation, it's possible it could work despite the "sure bet" threat from larger participants.
@_date: 2015-12-07 16:17:02
This is well-written, sadly it probably won't get much interest here but might do really well in I'm sorry you lost your original coin. A lot of us repeat over and over again that if you don't own the private keys you don't own the coin. If more newbies heard your story, they might take it a bit more seriously or at least risk only what they are willing to lose.
@_date: 2015-06-27 18:33:01
If you make over $40k, and especially if you're single, $50 per paycheck is a very reasonable amount for a high-risk high-reward investment. I typically don't encourage friends/family to "invest" in Bitcoin like it's an asset, but given how long it has been since the last all-time-high and the huge volume in the crash last January, you're relatively safe from any huge downside risk with each passing day above $200.
I've told folks I know to throw in $500 if they can spare it and see where it goes. You're less likely to follow and get a good idea for how the price of a commodity moves until you have some skin in the game. Bitcoin, Gold, Silver, Copper, etc. they all act the same, long term your fiat is losing value so the only safe long-term investment is commodities. If you already have a retirement account with fiat investments and S&amp;P 500 and etc, you're fine to diversify into Bitcoin *a little*. If you don't have a 401k, then you should probably look into that first, and then do Bitcoin/Commodities on the side.
Source: Avid bitcoiner/miner since 2010. Commodities investor since 2004. Full-time job with 401k otherwise.
@_date: 2015-06-16 15:41:53
More people should follow organofcorti's [Neighbourhood Pool Watch]( IMHO. He covers a lot of stuff that blockchain.info misses and is a really good technical source for the latest mining information.
@_date: 2015-12-10 05:49:06
Sheesh, Attrition.org is REALLY good at finding narcissists, so if Wright in anywhere in their history, it's a really good sign this dude has made an elaborate ruse over the last several years and perhaps attempted to backdate evidence. I wouldn't trust anything he says or has handled, which is like 90% of the evidence so far.
@_date: 2015-12-30 22:59:17
This might work for now, but it could be that in the future you'll get a lot of broken English posts assuming such a thing catches on. I think you may underestimate the number of people willing to essentially "mechanical turk" for coin. It'd be interesting to run this same scenario here in a year, two years, five years, etc.
@_date: 2018-08-06 21:28:05
Sure, but humans have been using Gold as an investment for 6,000 years. I kind of doubt that tomorrow we are all going to stop doing that.
There's a difference between saying Bitcoin isn't guaranteed to perform according to your expectations and saying it is going to something like zero dollars, or what Professor Bitcorn said: $10 (when it was above $1k). It's not healthy to have an extreme worldview that ignores the built-in scarcity of many of these cryptos and human behavior (our tendency to hoard scarce things).
@_date: 2018-08-01 14:14:36
I can't speak to the first number but there is some evidence a decent chunk of the suicides post-crisis could be associated with financial stress: 
Based on some of the [original research]( there were about 5k suicides more than the trend leading up to that period in 2009 alone.
@_date: 2015-06-01 14:49:16


When people talk about tyranny, they aren't talking about despots that force others to do things for no good reason. Even a tyrant thinks he's in the right, but ALL tyrants still force their will on others, especially those that disagree with them. 
If you're relying on force to violate personal or property rights, even if it's supposedly "for their own good", then I dissent.
@_date: 2015-12-29 15:30:57
Your account is also less than a month old and you're trying to argue you've been active since 2012 but won't prove it. It's pretty clear you're either trolling or simply enjoying the drama and thus participating in it.
I always wondered what the folks were going to do when the price started increasing again. I guess trolling constantly about censorship is the new prerogative.
@_date: 2018-08-07 02:51:24
Or maybe he did mine some himself. I guess angel investors are sometimes privy to tech innovations so it's not *entirely* out of the question, I just remain a bit skeptical of the specific title chosen for the article, I guess. I also would not be surprised if even angel investors knew about Bitcoin by the end of 2010 since it had made the media rounds when it was used in some articles about Wikileaks funding/donations.
@_date: 2018-08-02 22:34:18


Anyone can run a node on a standard PC. You will still control your keys and your money. 
The "bank" in the context with which you and other detractors are concerned and popularized by the FUD around "supernodes" is bunk. If it was possible to be a "bank", Roger Ver or Jonald Fyookball would be running one just to prove these fears are justified.
@_date: 2018-08-30 18:26:01
You are. You're also essentially subbed to and These are the biggest numbers of users of crypto and should serve as a reminder every day of what happens when governments try to control money.
@_date: 2018-08-02 18:46:54
I think what you maybe meant to say was that BTC is focusing on being a better store of value while BCH is focusing on being a better medium of exchange. While this is true, the Lightning Network is helping innovate BTC into being both the same excellent store of value **and** an equivalently good medium of exchange. The problem with BCH is that while it is for now, a good medium of exchange, they are not working on anything to make it an equivalent store of value. They could have done innovations to improve fungibility or make it something other than "Bitcoin with a larger block size", but they didn't. Instead, many of the advocates for it concern troll about the Lightning Network or flat out use fraud to try to convince their users that BCH is the same as BTC which still has the better store of value. 
No innovation and no innovation coming on the horizon makes for a very awkward situation for the person who just purchased BCH thinking it was "Bitcoin". I would not be surprised if some exchanges eventually drop BCH from their platform or use large bold red letters telling their users that they are not buying "Bitcoin" sometime this Fall just because of the level of confusion. Especially when that confusion seemingly comes from the same sources every time.
@_date: 2018-08-27 18:02:16
Another interesting tidbit. Ayre's case was initially indicted in Maryland. I wrote a bit more about the DEA agent and [what he did]( just a little over a month ago, but there was also the Secret Service agent who [attempted to get away and was also charged in Maryland and part of the Baltimore task force that initially looked into this]( I wonder if Ayre was the one doing the moneylaundering which is why he was roped into some sort of deal and ultimately charges were dropped in 2017.
Ultimately the [District attorney's office for Maryland dismissed their indictment](
@_date: 2015-12-17 19:55:34
It's probably not, sadly.
@_date: 2015-12-24 16:24:35
Saw this last night. I was surprised they were running it up against Star Wars, but it's really surprisingly good. 
The characters are (as far as I can tell) true to life and it's not just another political hogwash movie where they complain that lack of regulations were the problem. It's almost like they realize the problem was the huge amount of fraud and zero enforcement of the existing regulations. Couple that with a guarantee that the gov't was going to bail them out anyway and they knew it, and you can see this isn't a political mistake, it's a history of bad policy. 
I've always said the worst thing about removing Glass-Steagall was that since the market runs on fear and greed Glass-Steagall's repeal removed the "cap on greed" while keeping the FDIC insurance "cap on fear". So what do you end up with? A bunch of bankers taking on whatever risk they want, because they know the gov't will be forced to bail them out.
I think the icing on the cake was when, after seeing all the corruption and fraud, the guys in this film go to a financial journalist and the journalist basically says, "but I would lose all my contacts in the financial world if I reported on this, I have a wife and kids, you know".
It's like the whole movie is evidence of the old quote "All it takes for evil to prevail is for good men to do nothing."
@_date: 2015-12-29 02:21:14


I'm not. The comment you quoted was about how few who disagree readily with Theymos were even involved in 2012 or earlier. Are you trying to claim you were involved in 2012?
Your account was created on Reddit here 16 days ago and seems to only be complaining about "censorship". Your account is a perfect example of why there **is** censorship.
@_date: 2018-08-31 22:24:08
I just love that all these little snippets of history showing how horribly the US government has used it's power to punish private money are finally making their way into the modern public's mind. It used to always have to be me to go look up stuff like the history of e-gold and all these other links and paste them. 
Nowadays I can click on news stories on Reddit and see that someone else has already beaten me to it.
@_date: 2018-08-08 20:14:23
China would sort of be shooting themselves in the foot to dump all US debt quickly since they rely on a strong US dollar to buy their goods. But what's interesting is that in light of these tariffs now, China might have an incentive to start subsidizing growth in their own respective markets of goods normally purchased in the US using the proceeds of the sales of US debt. That's not something the US can really do back to them and it would increase self-reliance in China while harming the US economically.
I can't really speak of the Canadian reliance on Saudi money, but it seems to be quite small. At first glance, [only 4% of Canada's public debt is held by foreigners though]( Unless a large number of assets are owned by Saudi money, I don't think Canada is going to suffer much.
@_date: 2018-08-02 21:13:58
I've been involved in Bitcoin since late 2010 and made my first purchase in 2011. I've kept up-to-date on the technology and know what I am talking about. 
Just because the first killer-app hasn't yet happened for Lightning doesn't mean you can concern troll or use FUD to scare people away from it.
@_date: 2018-08-02 18:35:20
Ultimately this is the problem with US and other Western regulatory agencies right now. They get far too wrapped up in trying to cram innovations into existing systems rather than letting the innovations revolutionize the same systems.
If innovation is blocked, thwarted, or otherwise curtailed in the US, instead the best crypto companies and innovations will go to Switzerland, Hong Kong, South Korea, etc. Completely out of the US sphere and ignoring US customers. This fosters dissent and encourages emigration [especially when laws like FATCA are factored in]( 
Why be a US citizen who cannot participate in the new innovation and is, in fact, encouraged to miss out on it?
I see a lot of people asking others to comment in favor of the ETF, but in reality, we shouldn't have to support it, the SEC should be supporting innovation themselves or their customers will just ignore them and/or go elsewhere. This is a crisis of relevancy for the SEC and it's not our responsibility to kowtow to them on it.
EDIT: Grammar
@_date: 2018-08-29 22:28:18
Holy cow, I somehow missed this one. I can't believe he claimed to own both 1Feex... and 16cou... We know the former was from the early MtGox hack (ultimately washed through BTC-e) and we know 16cou was owned by Roger Ver and it was even cryptographically proven to have been his as it was used to [sign/verify on a voting site to prove that there was supposedly early adopter support for larger blocksizes]( It'd be really difficult to argue this was anyone but Ver's address because it was the only major address to vote and Roger claimed to have voted right around the time it was signed/verified. If it was Craig voting, then which one of the weak hundred-BTC voters showing support at that time was all that Roger had managed to vote with?
@_date: 2018-08-07 02:37:53
Oh, I don't doubt the tech or the network either. Smart contracts are going to revolutionize everything, but we have a long way between where we are now and a future where senior citizens can use the tech. Twitter can't even seem to prevent people from getting scammed in cryptos by impersonators right now, future tech is going to have to be a lot more clear about identification and we're going to need a way for a senior to do the equivalent of revoking a certificate without having to drop to any form of a command line.
My point about the scarcity is that this is just the start, proving you can have something immutable and valuable stored there. Whether or not it stays an actual currency, there is always going to be something of worth there and that's not likely to change anytime soon.
@_date: 2018-08-06 15:09:45
Let me guess, this custody offering will be insured by the coins they've bought since the day it crashed last week and after they said they were expecting the price to go lower? What an honest and honorable business to let hold my private keys for me. /s
@_date: 2018-05-11 15:14:27
It's very likely that the Trustee moved to OTC already because of sites like this one.
@_date: 2018-08-27 16:09:20


Sounds like a fun proposition to look into. If you like this rabbit hole, keep reading...
[Someone is funding CSW]( and we still do not know why. More info [mentioned in a comment]( to [a large timeline thread I wrote about Faketoshi here](
From the wiki article about Ayre:


Hmm, wonder why those charges were finally dropped in 2017? What if between 2012 and 2017 he brokered a deal with US intelligence to fund CSW?
But wait, there's more...
Did you ever wonder why Roger Ver gets to come to the US suddenly again despite [originally being blocked]( after supposedly [giving up his citizenship](
I've checked the [Quarterly List of Individuals who Expatriate]( that the US has published from 2012 till 2018 and while Eduardo Saverin (Facebook cofounder) is on there, Roger Ver is nowhere to be found. Inside the wiki entry we get this tidbit: 


We know Ver was a multi-millionaire when he expatriated and thus likely to be on the list, but maybe somehow he brokered a deal with US intelligence like Ayre seemingly did, and got to avoid this tax. Maybe these guys were both told they could avoid punishment/taxes by making bad financial decisions?
Also, remember that Roger Ver was the one who was listed as the witness behind the US government's [settlement agreement]( (See section III-B-28-a, page 11 of the PDF) against Ripple. Emails are cited and being used AGAINST Ripple, meaning they had to have come from Ver or whatever deals were brokered with Ver.
I don't usually don a tinfoil hat, but when I do, I can at least make it look good. :D (For what its worth, I don't know if Ver or CSW are actually compromised, but if any of the above were true, I'd feel horrible being a BCH bagholder)
@_date: 2015-12-04 18:02:03
There's a plethora of historical attempts to make "internet money" ([eGold]( [WebMoney]( [B-money]( that were all either ruined or abandoned due to government intervention (or the threat thereof) forcing the private database owners to essentially rollback ownership.
The Bitcoin blockchain is government-resistant, it's probably the greatest but most unspoken-of feature because everyone's too busy making fun of the "lolbertarians" that were the motivating factor in the creation of a decentralized blockchain. Banks can try to create private blockchains, but trust in value will be devastated the first time a government forces them to rollback a trade/transaction. What's really sad is that these people working on private blockchains and even the CEOs telling them to implement them KNOW they will fail, precisely because of the loss of confidence from government intervention. So one can only surmise that they are promoting private blockchains to keep their dumber customers from buying Bitcoin while they covertly load up on it themselves.
The world, (libertarian or not) has wanted a viable digital currency for some time.
EDIT: changed "history of attempts" to "historical attempts"
@_date: 2018-05-04 16:17:42
There's a really good book about monetary policy, debasement of currency, and inflation with data on Amazon as well: [
The general summation of it is that fiat currencies (or, in some cases these are horribly debased metal currencies [Zinc or Bronze currencies supposed to represent previously Silver or Gold coins]) always seem to end up in inflationary cycles, not just because of the nature of fiat, but because of debasement. When this happens, citizens will turn to foreign/shadow currencies because the trust in fiat is typically erased. He always gives examples explaining the problems at the end of each chapter, too. Very very good book on how bad policy affects fiat.
@_date: 2015-12-28 20:58:01
Controversial topics are sorted controversially. It's a good policy and I will almost certainly be downvoted for saying it, but I'm going to say it anyway. Theymos is right, XT is blatantly advocating for a hard fork. That's dangerous and if it passes now, it'll be considered passable in the future.
While the rest of the world, and almost everyone criticizing theymos here was still loving government intervention in the economy, theymos was moderating/admining the forums and the rest of us were loading up on Bitcoins.
It's why he has the support of virtually anyone involved since early 2012 or before and his retractors are few in that category. A bunch of anonymous non-programmers seem to have very vehement and vocal positions against developers, even core developers. It's embarrassing that these people call themselves Bitcoiners.
@_date: 2018-08-13 18:30:34
The fact that Satoshi decided to pick secp256k1 over any of the other NIST curves (added to the fact that it ended up being an extremely prescient decision given what has happened since 2008), shows that he was privy to more than the average cryptographer at the time.
I'm not saying this lends credence to Satoshi being NSA, necessarily, but it would seem he [clearly suspected or flat out knew what the NSA was doing]( before we had the evidence of what they were doing.
@_date: 2018-08-04 00:33:39


Electric cars can succeed while Tesla itself does not, though.
@_date: 2018-08-02 21:03:23


The seven progressive arguments of the NeoLuddite:
1. Most people don't even agree on &lt;insert technology here&gt; and how to implement it.
2. &lt;Insert technology here&gt; isn't even finished yet. 
3. There are lots of people that aren't using it or just use it to do one or two things. 
4. Sure it may be growing in use, but that doesn't mean it will ever be successful or used by most people. 
5. Most people can't even explain how it works. 
6. Look at all the criminals that use it. 
7. The government can just shut it down.
Technology Options to insert above:
* The Internet
* Printing press
* Email
* Bitcoin Network
* Lightning Network
@_date: 2014-06-27 04:50:27
He's [done this before]( He's basically got a bot that sweeps any possible easy-to-guess brain wallets. He occasionally makes changes to it to sweep a wider range, my guess is a recent upgrade garnered these coins. He [also warned about Android RNG]( about a year ago. His first appearance is [here]( where it became evident he has been sweeping song names and titles for brainwallets.
It involves *some* work to do this, but it's easy enough to set up that if he didn't do it, someone else who would not return the coin would do so. Be glad he's doing this out of the kindness of his heart.
@_date: 2014-01-23 22:36:11
yeah, that's probably the closest competitor/comparison
@_date: 2018-05-24 18:53:34
The US markets don't really have as huge of an impact globally. If you look at where the vast majority of the trading is occurring right now, it's SE Asia. There is trading in USD (or USDT) in Asia, sure, but I'm not sure this investigation is going to be able to do any significant looking into markets that are behind actual questionable manipulation. 
If they go to do so, there are sovereignty issues that then come into question which means deals will be brokered to get lighter audits. Subsequently, the US exchanges will complain that they are being subjected to unfair treatment since the overseas exchanges get lighter audits, and they'll complain that they won't be able to attract customers if the US is being more restrictive with them.
In the end, my guess is that regulators will either: say they've done lighter investigations, do what New York did with the Bitlicense and kill any hopes of American exchanges being able to compete with other exchanges worldwide, or abandon such investigations altogether.
So the choices are to tread very carefully, tread disproportionately, or tread not at all. My guess is they'll go with the first one.
EDIT: I honestly think USDT is a very questionable tether to the USD right now, and if there were any manipulation going on, it would be because of that, but I guess we'll see if that's true or not.
@_date: 2014-03-05 22:36:03
I was thinking of spending 10 btc to send 1k transaction of .01BTC each to random wallets or the first thousand to submit a one-paragraph story about their life on a website or something. I doubt there's many that speak English anyway, and it'd be interesting to see if it makes a difference in smaller third world countries or increases interest.
I'd also admit that I'm interested from a business perspective as well because my primary Bitcoin work has been in remittance.
@_date: 2018-08-06 21:18:17
Maybe, but it would have been on the old forums or through the cypherpunk mailing lists and it would have had to have been with someone like NewLibertyStandard or one of the other very early adopters.
The number of regular early users were in the low double-digits till about 2010 and all of them were crypto and math geeks. The [97th user on the BTC Talk forums wasn't registered till April 2010]( Jeffrey Wernick is known as an angel investor. It is very unlikely he was active in 2009, but maybe someone he knew was and that's why he specifically says "acquired" when referring to the coin. Maybe some other tech geek told him about it and secured some for him through mining or something.
I guess I'm just very skeptical he was buying it in the conventional sense as the title of the article implies.
@_date: 2014-07-15 14:14:58
Whether or not he said this, that was definitely the sentiment in various parts of the US for a short while. But it was very short-lived, and probably limited to parts of Midwest or West where the terrain wasn't fit for vehicles.
It wasn't until mass manufacturing and the assembly line that it became easier for the "tech geeks" of the time to buy horseless carriages. But they were lauded as wonders of America's technological adoption and mass manufacturing and everyone wanted them, despite the automobile and even technically the [assembly line being "invented" overseas]( That said, America had a regulatory environment that was more fit for mass production (ie, none) so that is why Ransom Olds and later Henry Ford basically perfected the idea of mass production.
I see certain similarities today between China's regulatory environment (ie, none or quickly receding) being more beneficial than the US's. Not unlike the Europe/America of the early 1900s, honestly.
A few buggy whip manufacturers lingered on into the 1920s, but most of them had to adapt to survive. One of them [turned into a fishing line company](
@_date: 2018-08-10 16:28:49


I think he's specifically talking about the lack of any large wars in the mid-to-latter half of the 19th century, but the comments do see sort of US-focused and aren't entirely true. There was both the Mexican-American war and the Spanish-American war (though this could arguably be called a 20th century war), but both were more of America sticking to its defense of the Monroe doctrine than a huge war.
That said, he's kind of ignoring the whole concept of Manifest Destiny as well, which led to all sorts of skirmishes. It would be better to say that many wars were more muted and finite due to limitations of debt from sound monetary policy. And this is what the founders seem to have intended, too.
Thomas Jefferson once said in a letter to John Taylor, "I sincerely believe, with you, that banking establishments are more dangerous than standing armies; and that the principle of spending money to be paid by posterity, under the name of funding, is but swindling futurity on a large scale."
@_date: 2014-05-27 21:38:57
It's also probably worth mentioning that even though ECDSA would be at risk from Quantum computing, it is around that point where we will then have Quantum Cryptography that can help solve the problem.
@_date: 2014-07-16 14:57:12
I'm sure you are, but are you doing the prepaid debit card thing like this guy supposedly is?
@_date: 2014-12-02 23:06:40
Suppose that someone were to set up a secondary market where they would pay people using tips for making comments on Facebook/Twitter/Reddit. Such a system could be easily verifiable and pseudo-anonymous (only the owner of the site, the person making the payment, and the person posting would know for sure that it was an intentional comment).
Specifically a buyer would simply indicate something like "I want a comment on this thread that hits the following major points..." then they could pay via another account. It could look like someone just got a random tip, but the side market would exist that drove it.
I don't know what you'd call this sort of a system officially, but it'd basically be a "paying for speech" system, hence why I used that terminology. If Twitter or Facebook had a Changetip built-in, it'd be even easier to do. I suppose the closest definition of this is [astroturfing]( making an opinion appear more popular than it really is.
@_date: 2018-08-27 16:16:36


You do realize that Bitcoin doesn't actually deflate, right? 
It's inflating at further and further reduced rates, but it never actually implements NEGATIVE block rewards. Even if we make it to 2100 and there are zero block rewards, that STILL does not qualify as deflation.
@_date: 2018-08-29 14:43:01


Someone who is supposedly a data science professor or educated IT person would know about error-correction and compression in modems, though. If there's something Craig has definitely convinced me of the last few days it's that he definitely doesn't understand early networking/data limits and issues, which really run contrary to everything we suspect about Satoshi. There's plenty of strong evidence that even if he wasn't a cypherpunk, he was definitely familiar with the cypherpunk's world, and that would include knowing about error overhead in the ITU V.X standards. Not to mention the bits vs. bytes. That's like Throughput Measuring 101.
@_date: 2018-05-18 22:04:28
They close bank accounts after they have accepted any significant amount of crypto-related money.
For a list of complaints about this, keeping in mind that it doesn't always distinguish from customers of bitcoin and businesses that use bitcoin: google search for ["bitcoin bank account closed site: The first result is a business bank account being closed.
@_date: 2014-04-18 17:39:49
Second Gen ASICS? Or another pool with them or first gens?
I read organofcorti's blog regularly to keep abreast of changes...
@_date: 2014-10-03 16:01:18
And for a US example:
Police cannot violate the law during investigations or they risk losing the case entirely. It's unlikely that Ross won't be prosecuted under some form of criminal act, but if the case is built on illegal activities of the feds, a good chunk of the evidence is inadmissible in court.
@_date: 2018-05-15 17:36:47
No, nor have they ever been directly funded by the White House. 
US news agencies have been directly funded by three letter agencies, however, most notably in the 50s and 60s. When Congress asked during an inquiry into [Operation Mockingbird]( if US intelligence currently paid for any journalists or media coverage, answering the question was declined.
Today official government agencies are much smarter, they "contract" the propaganda work to private sector intelligence agencies that are not under the direct supervision of said TLAs, and have those agencies influence the talking heads in the news, instead. This lets US intelligence agencies state that they, de facto, are not paying directly for media influence.
Of course it doesn't help that mainstream media today is essentially owned by 4 or 5 conglomerates, which makes the chain of influence much shorter.
@_date: 2014-03-06 16:09:19
Even paranoid types probably know *of* Bitcoin right now, if someone shared the same name as SN, they might say whatever they want to dismiss someone.
Or Occam's Razor, the journalist made the exchange up.
@_date: 2018-08-16 20:47:21
I consider myself a Bitcoin maximalist, but I still see a point to coins like Litecoin, Namecoin, and a few others. I don't always invest in them, though. Just a very small few. I also don't dabble in stuff that is centralized or cult-of-personality coins. I think there are real reasons for other alts to innovate while steering clear of ICOs and rule-by-committee tokens.
@_date: 2014-02-24 05:03:01
I have a huge array I can dedicate to this. What keeps me from dedicating 10 TB and then bandwidth-limiting it to 5kbps for anyone outside of white-listed IPs that I use myself? That's been my biggest problem so far with solutions like this, they seem to be easily gamed.
@_date: 2014-11-14 06:28:47
No, it's not. There's a very directed and targeted smearing of theymos by a handful of very vocal folks on here. I imagine the reason why the OP didn't comment is because he's Goat and he knows what he is saying is absurd.
In any event, these guys continually flat-out lie about the circumstances and are scared about someone spending 6k coin not on themselves. This is extremely customized code to be used as a brand new node.js forum. It's very easily worth $100k/month, with the caveat that they do actually deliver. Right now it seems nothing is going to be good enough, even though SMF has about a decade's worth of coding in its benefit compared to what these guys are working on over the course of just this last year.
There's a huge lack of node.js forum software out there that can be integrated to have the same features of SMF and then some considering the additional stuff for trust and activity level that has been built and is a foundation for Bitcointalk.org. The software cannot be built without ignoring these integrals, and the idea that someone could just make a a forum software for $1 million and be done with it ignores the huge amount of value in the forum, the users, and etc. This is not an objective to be taken lightly, and theymos knows that.
EDIT: Look at the responses to theymos in this thread and look at just how ad hominem they are. There's a reason for that, and it has nothing to do with his handling of the forum software. If you're concerned, I recommend you look up the Donators on the Bitcointalk forum and PM them directly to see what their concerns are. You'll only find two of them that are outright upset, the rest are mostly cautiously optimistic.
@_date: 2014-07-02 20:57:10
\4. They have no jobs and are upset that others of meagre means have actually made money.
Back when SA was trolling the BTCTalk forums with their two major threads I hopped on my SA account and read through their accounts of why Bitcoin could only be for lunatics. This was when the price was $5. I couldn't help but think, are they really this dense?
At the time, it appeared they were just deluded into thinking the "lolbertarians" couldn't possibly be right about anything. After 2013, I imagine a whole slew of them are actually sad losers. I'd feel a little bad for them if they weren't being such a-holes about it.
@_date: 2014-10-16 16:47:27
TOR SPVs do not know if the next-hop nodes they are connecting to are compromised or intentionally logging their source TOR address. They also do not know if exit nodes are intentionally trying to identify them.
This is getting into uber-meta (and theoretical, frankly) identification possibilities, but supposing you were a government agency wanting to identify the bitcoin transactions and addresses of anonymous users and you ran or have compromised the majority of TOR-connected nodes and a reasonable number of TOR relays, you could feasibly build a record of Bitcoin transactions "most likely" associated with specific onion addresses. With each subsequent transaction, you'd get closer and closer to confirming who owns each address and node. (People are still worried there isn't enough Bitcoin nodes. I don't share that same concern, but if they are worried about that, they should *really* be worried there aren't enough TOR nodes)
So again, assuming you are a government agency and had the above, if you then had a record of when particular onion addresses are used, and (and this is key) had ISPs providing you with which users connect to the TOR network with their SPV node and at which times, you would be able to identify the specific user doing the specific transaction much easier than if the user first knowingly relayed the transfer through an "always-on" TOR-only node.
The big point here is that it may only take a few TOR relays, TOR nodes, and ISP assistance to really identify Bitcoiners and their transactions. [An attack earlier this year]( revealed a little bit about how straight up identification was possible, and the talk regarding details seems to have been purposely quieted, and not by TOR coders, who were very interested in getting details of how it was done.
A freedom advocate operating a full node that communicates over both TOR and the Internet could easily be identified, gagged, and forced to continue running the node while providing authorities with detailed information on who is connecting to their node via TOR. If the same freedom advocate was running a TOR-only node, they would be harder to identify, but an increased blockchain size increases the likelihood they could be identified.
If I understand what Todd is saying, this is basically his point. It's my point as well, since I run my full node in this fashion, though after saying this, I'll probably find an alternative location for hosting and will probably generate a new onion address.
@_date: 2014-10-17 19:00:50
You're right, but I don't think we're not deserving of blame. Not enough people have fought against bad policy in this country, and it shows.
I myself am torn between pulling an evoorhees and just leaving, or staying to fight. So far I'm staying to fight, but I think after this next presidential cycle, if we still find hostility on this front, I'm going to be done.
@_date: 2014-04-11 20:14:31
PoS could be a solution to help the increasingly-growing Blockchain issue, which is what I thought Peercoin originally set out to do, I believe.
@_date: 2014-04-21 15:47:02


I would never say "all", but there are definitely paid shills from the military-industrial complex posting on reddit regularly, it wouldn't take much to see some posting on Bitcoin about how regulation is a "good thing". A recent Snowden revelation also clearly exposed the NSA as having paid staff that did nothing but post on social media sites to control conversations.
Also, I had a former coworker (who now works at a gov't TLA) call me up and berate me for my posts on reddit/facebook. I respect him and know he was just looking out for me, but I'm not going to be silenced just because he went down a different employment route than me. I care about privacy and economic and personal freedoms now and back when I knew him. He shouldn't have been surprised about it. After he contacted me, I tried to see if he wanted to hang out again and he backed out on me, presumably because he was worried I'd get upset about him running my info through their system. To be honest, at first I was upset, but I know him and know he was probably just curious and not at all malicious.
If you're reading this, Agent H, I'd still be up for grabbing lunch sometime. Daniel and I still go out for Mexican every other month.
@_date: 2018-08-13 22:10:11


I purchased five copies of this book for friends that do not understand why I am in Bitcoin. I am not done with the first 7 chapters yet, but it looks like he doesn't even get into Bitcoin for these first seven and I can think very few other things he could included to get his points across.
If you've ever had a child ask you "What is money?" This is one of the best books to answer that question. So many of us have survived not knowing the answer to one of the most basic yet important things that impacts our lives. Stop living in doubt and confusion and read it today.
@_date: 2014-02-18 20:31:45
Fair enough, you're correct, it's a really awkward sentence the way I wrote it. I should have just left that as a simpler, "increase the fees to resend once they have confirmed."
@_date: 2014-12-05 20:58:09
It is more likely he did structured bids this time around (as he did last time as well). Assuming it was the same as last time, that might mean he got outbid by quite a bit. I'd venture to guess most of the coin went for $425 or more, quite possibly a LOT more.
@_date: 2014-03-10 14:58:54
One simple explanation for some would be jealously. However there's enough of a circle-jerk here that I imagine some find it entertaining.
@_date: 2018-05-04 16:33:22
Not only that, but being backed by a military doesn't connote "intrinsic" to fiat. There may still be a value, but it's still going to be subjective. In this thread there are so many people that are completely ignoring the concepts of ordinal and cardinal utility.
Fiat money is always going to be valued ordinally, aka compared to other fiat money. If it doesn't have a cardinal value, it's in representation to metals' value.
@_date: 2014-02-18 15:01:43
Well, they wouldn't be globally-traded today then. I assume that was the author's point.
@_date: 2014-05-20 22:27:45


Well, if he'd just stopped a Ruby Ridge I think he would have been OK. I don't know any astute observer of history that doesn't think the FBI/ATF screwed up at either [Ruby Ridge]( or [Waco](
@_date: 2015-06-19 15:25:06
Yeah, pretty much. I'd categorize stakeholders individually or a bit differently if I was doing it myself, but it's got the gist of it. I don't have the time to do this myself so maybe someone can take what platypii has made here and "clean it up" and split the bounty with him. When its done, it should be sent to journalists to use for free, IMHO. That might be OnwaytoNZ's intention, actually. Not sure though.
@_date: 2014-11-15 22:40:56
Okay, I'll bite, name a commercial forum that has an activity measure that isn't just post count.
@_date: 2014-09-23 18:46:29
If you do write the book, let me know, I'll forward some emails you might find worthwhile.
@_date: 2014-09-18 16:08:42
It sounds bad if you're dropping $10k on coin, but if you're buying $500 or less and you're careful who you work with, you're probably dealing with a reputable person who has done more than $2k of sales in the last month.
@_date: 2014-08-01 06:01:25
I'm an early adopter (mining in 2010) and I have inside sources and I still can't get an invite, so sorry, I gotta call BS on this one...
@_date: 2014-03-10 15:11:07
Everyone's response to this is along the lines of lampooning.
I was around in 2011. I remember people predicting $100 Bitcoin and all the SA goons that came over to laugh at them and post things like, "No man, it's going to $1,000 lolz!"
When I first heard these predictions of $40k/coin and $200k/coin I couldn't help but stifle a laugh. It doesn't work like that. We'll first have complete capitulation whereby people will think it will never even hit $1k again, but I'd very much caution folks on completely writing off values of $40k or more per coin in our lifetimes. 
Bitcoin has shown an amazing resilience to being valued below the rate at which it can be mined at a profit, even if the profit is slight. That said, I find it more like we'll get down to that value of $50/coin well before we'd hit $40k/coin.
@_date: 2018-08-06 18:38:01
IMHO, this is why you don't buy or sell all at once.
I had a friend that, every time I mentioned the price in 2015 and 2016, would tell me to sell. At one point I told him that if I had sold everything I had purchased every time he told me to sell I would have missed out on X% gains and kept updating him on the percentages each time. That same friend has now been using the dollar cost average strategy (DCA) since mid 2016 and still has a cost-basis of something like only $3k because of his first few months of purchases.
@_date: 2018-08-07 20:26:19
I would highly recommend my [timeline of Craig Wright]( posted a while ago. It explains what happened and links to the article written by the author who was supposed to document everything about him "coming out" as Satoshi. Craig is not only not Satoshi, he duped his investors into thinking he was enough that after they realized he wasn't, figured the best they could do is try to make some patents and use him at appearances.
@_date: 2014-01-16 00:49:35
Not sure I get the point of this, could you explain? You say it's to get more people involved, is charity to random people the best method? 
I've always wondered the answer to this question. I usually donate because someone makes a comment that fosters discussion or someone does something valuable. Since this is unique anyway, I'll help a bit.
+.015 BTC verify
@_date: 2014-11-10 20:03:30
Okay. Thanks for the response. I've always wondered how big of a deal it actually was and how political the issue had become.
@_date: 2014-12-03 15:55:14
I was required to wait a week and a half and fill out 3 forms to transfer $50k once, and there was still a $20 fee.
I don't mind the wait, but Bitcoin solves the wait.
I don't mind the forms, but Bitcoin doesn't require permission.
I don't mind the fees, but Bitcoin has lower fees.
The thing I mind the most? If I screw up even one digit of my phone number or other information, I'm viewed as a criminal by my own government. I know a lot of people don't like Bitcoin cause of volatility, fraud, and people think we're all just government-hating lolbertarians, but there's something fundamentally wrong about a first world country lacking financial freedom in the 21st century.
@_date: 2014-05-01 22:46:21
Is it called United States of America?
@_date: 2014-11-04 22:18:41
Yeah, I have to imagine they knew what was going to happen given the way the iPod affected the mp3 market.
@_date: 2014-08-13 19:37:47
Yes, it's perfectly fine, now can you tell me exactly where this ATM is located and the nearest Walmart so I can pick up a pre-paid phone along the way?
@_date: 2014-02-11 04:48:12
My point was, whichever country of the above three least limits Bitcoin adoption, is the winner. They get the brains, talent, and wealth of the Bitcoin network. Sure, it's may be only a few billion now, but it will grow and grow and grow.
Whichever country purposely limits it, loses that inevitable growth. If they want to stop Bitcoin, they have to eliminate developers, and there is no shortage of people interested in seeing Bitcoin grow.
@_date: 2014-03-17 17:55:42
Not that I disagree or anything, but Redditors appear to have been the primary driver of donations to the guy who held up the QR code on live television since it didn't really go up till it was posted here and that was something like $25k worth of Bitcoin alone, right?
Also, wasn't there a guy last year around April that recovered his old wallet and gifted like 200ish BTC to various users on this subreddit? Was it because he didn't do it via the tipbot that it didn't get calculated?
@_date: 2014-08-05 16:08:39
This is a legitimate question.
There's some precedence to this, though I'll admit their case may be rather flaky (we'll have to see specifics over time). For example, the [Miranda case]( stemmed from what was becoming a quite appalling police tactic of intimidation without informing citizens of their rights, however the SCOTUS decision was mostly unpopular in the US at the time.
If the FBI are actively attacking the TOR network to perform unreasonable searches and seizures, that's a violation of other individuals [Fourth Amendment rights]( and could open US agencies to litigation from other quarters. I think the legal team is relying on the hope that they would rather keep their silence on what they did rather than provide evidence of how they found the SR server. They almost assuredly found it BEFORE finding DPR, which allows for them to question such tactics. 
They are probably going to argue that the other evidence is circumstantial, and they might have quite a bit of success with almost all of it except the evidence that shows he remoted into the VPS from the library. Put simply, I find it very unlikely they got a warrant based on the circumstantial evidence of the altoid user and his LinkedIn profile, which means the bulk of their case is going to shift to how they exploited TOR.
Another aspect of this is if they performed this search on TOR without a warrant, that could be a very huge no-no depending on how the court interprets what TOR is. There's a good chance this case could be wrapped up in appeals and etc. for a long time, or spawn new cases.
@_date: 2014-03-10 15:45:41
Or maybe just a subreddit without meta-talk.
@_date: 2014-07-18 22:46:34
Not to mention who is going to do the audits? It'll be another industry insider with all the motives to cheat. The only auditors I'd trust are people who have been involved in Bitcoin the longest, IMHO, and have seen every scam under the sun.
@_date: 2014-07-05 01:11:14
That's only business/salary gains, for personal asset sales it's taxed as property. If this was the case then people would be penalized per month for not paying taxes on a car sale. It's the sale itself that is taxed, not the monthly value. If it were income then yes, he'd owe for each month as he gets it and would be required to pay any penalties accordingly.
@_date: 2014-07-15 17:34:03
Yeah, I did the math around that time, too. When it dropped to $2 I was just *barely* making a profit, but I was still making a profit.
@_date: 2014-06-03 16:34:31


My father told me I should sell every Bitcoin I had (and never get back in again) in **June 2011**. The price had just shot up to $30 and quickly fallen to $10. He said, "Son, you'll only ever regret a decision to gamble on internet money." 
I doubled-down in November 2011 at the $2 low, instead. Keep in mind, it's not like I was betting the farm on Bitcoin, I was only putting in a few hundred bucks here and there.
Long story short, my dad now asks me for financial advice today.
@_date: 2014-02-21 20:19:25
You're probably getting really crappy rates and rewards anyway. I have a bank account with a state bank that pays my ATM fees and gives me over 2% interest. Go with state banks or credit unions and use debit and charge it as credit with a reward checking account.
Here's a list:
@_date: 2014-01-09 20:16:15
I'm going to buy a $200 recliner tonight I think.
@_date: 2018-05-23 21:54:04
It's the "insufferable genius" persona he's adopted to avoid responsibility for his own claims. Claims that have gotten him apparently into tax problems in his home country and negative press on the Internet. He's solely responsible for the situation he is in and he knows it.
@_date: 2014-03-06 15:15:12
Few things I don't get, while this matches the "idea" of the man that could be behind the code, I find it hard to believe Satoshi would live in California (let alone the US) due to several very important reasons:
1. His posting times all indicate someone living in the UK timezone.
2. Analysis of early machines on the network (even into 2012, when they all mysterious disappeared) all point to Trinity College having an inordinate amount of representation.
3. He wrote in British English, not American English.
4. He used the Financial Times for the genesis block.
If we are to believe this Newsweek story at its face value, we have to accept the notion that Satoshi has both been unfortunate enough to have used his own real name and yet also been smart enough to have woken up early enough to post at 8am-5pm UK time on a regular basis for two years and faked writing as a British person.
I guess this might sound conspiracy theorist, but I'm not convinced Newsweek didn't just find some poor paranoid smart person with a healthy distrust of government. I'm still a skeptic. :/
@_date: 2014-01-06 22:31:05
While I agree some people take it that way, how do you tell what is satire and what isn't, though?
@_date: 2014-10-17 20:12:07
I believe that for verification the site isn't a concern, but you're right, be wary about the site itself and consider another solution for creating a brain wallet. Or just do a BIP 38 wallet.
@_date: 2014-12-03 16:08:47
Wow, I suspected, but didn't know for sure if something like this already existed. Thanks!
I guess its not surprising, but I always wondered if knowing this existed and knowing people were paying would cause someone like this to lose followers or not.
@_date: 2014-06-19 15:59:30
My biggest beef with my bank right now is that my limits are low ($500) for the days when I want to go out and buy like a thousand dollars of computer equipment or home improvement goods. The responsibility is on me to up those limits by making a phone call during bank hours, too. 
If GreenAddress could just come up with a way to let our limits normally be very low, like say $50 per transaction, but scale up via a phone app authorization as needed, that alone would be a "cool enough" service to make me start to use Bitcoin pretty much everywhere.
I'm not sure how this service would handle pre-auths and transaction fees, but I imagine there's wiggle room with some of the processors on something like this.
Not only that, but imagine if your card were charged in an area outside of your normal range, GreenAddress could send a notification that say, "*We're noticing you appear to be traveling or on vacation, would you like your limits changed?*"
That sure as hell beats having Shazam calling me freaking out about a gas purchase I just made two states away.
@_date: 2014-09-29 14:58:03
Yeah, we're not even seeing a decrease in mining difficulty this time around yet. In Fall of 2011, mining difficulty was dropping, the price was dropping, Wired was [writing this article]( and general sentiment was that Bitcoin was never going to come back. If you check out [this chart]( you'll see that ~350k BTC was traded at the low. Someone big had lost all faith in it, and made probably the biggest sell ever that day.
It could be we got someone similar out there that just sees Bitcoin as something worth selling.
@_date: 2014-09-06 02:43:24
What's a highway robbery then to you? Government policy?
@_date: 2014-10-15 18:36:35
You're absolutely right. I think a lot of people that are great 'idea' guys think things are going to be as easy to use as their iPhone and they have no idea the technical expertise they are going to need to have around.
I'm not saying Robocoin isn't bad, but this case in particular isn't a good example of them having horrible support.
@_date: 2018-05-11 14:46:41
There were polls done pre-2013 and you are not wrong on those estimates. I do remember one particular poll on Bitcointalk at the time in 2011 or 2012. I think it did determine something like 95% of Bitcoiners were male, but a good number of the commentators in that forum did say their wives or girlfriends were interested as well, but just didn't like commenting on forums online.
It's probably worthwhile to note particular idiosyncrasies between the genders like that. It's not that most women don't participate in Bitcoin, it's that they don't participate in the online forums and social media aspects, perhaps preferring meatspace interactions, instead. I've heard of more equitable (though still not 50-50) numbers between the genders when it comes to meetups, conventions, and the like.
@_date: 2014-08-22 14:49:59
[BitSharesX uses delegated PoS]( which is a fancy way of saying PoS, basically. There seems to be no underlying difference. Eventually, like all PoS coin, it can be gamed by someone with significant financial power. All the scenarios listed for how to combat an "evil delegate" assume they are known actors. In reality, the system would be used by evil delegates to remove good delegates that are known actors in a system.
If someone has a more detailed explanation, it would be good to hear. I'm basing this off of [this thread]( The creators of BitSharesX seem to think the solution to evil delegates is to vote against them, but what they don't realize is this exact system could be used against good delegates, by evil actors instead.
@_date: 2014-11-15 22:08:45


The difference here being that the Bitcointalk forums have an entire system of trust built into it, a custom time-weighted activity level measure, and other features that commercial forums don't.
@_date: 2014-06-03 17:51:25
Have you thought about writing a book of your experiences RE: Satoshi DICE? I imagine a lot of folks would be interested in it as I still consider 2012 one of the best years of Bitcoin with regards to development and how we emerged out of the capitulation phase.
@_date: 2014-01-06 20:30:25
I think that's the point, they are 4chan and SA goons just parroting what they see on In that respect, it's great, but satire done the way they are doing it can potentially hurt a lot of folks that have no idea what they are getting into.
To a certain extent, Litecoin is kind of the same way. You have the folks that enjoy it as an alternative to Bitcoin, and then you have the ones that seriously think it's superior in every way to Bitcoin, with faster confirmations, ASIC-resistance, etc.
There's a little bit of truth to each of those things, but there's a lot of overstating what the implications of those benefits are.
@_date: 2014-10-07 19:48:06
Standards organizations are like the open source version of government. No force, all they do is just set a standard to make communications easier, once a significant enough number of people adopt the standard, it just reinforces their "control" in this realm. Then force isn't even really needed, people voluntarily participate for the sake of clarity.
@_date: 2014-01-20 09:14:29
I appreciate that you are doing these, please stick with it.
+.01 BTC verify
@_date: 2014-04-02 18:42:57
What's funny about this meme is it is probably actually true, but only in the very long run. It's almost never good "right now".
The Silk Road bust, on the other hand, was great (at least for price) short term, because it meant millions of dollars worth of Bitcoin were tied up. But there's no way all that coin is going to sit idle forever.
@_date: 2014-07-18 17:16:36
That's the gist of my argument, yes. The costs to make a law are much lower [due to these]( The costs to fight it are made much higher due to [glittering generalities]( like "protect the children". It's a very uphill battle to remove a law, and you'll have very few people on your side in most cases. Another increased cost is [fear mongering](
@_date: 2014-09-30 14:44:16
I built computers for clients regularly in the 90s and 00s. One of the regular tests recommended (and for which I found a reference to [here]( ) was 40 hours of running Prime 95.
For something that is specifically designed to mine Bitcoin (ie, make money) a two-day burn-in test isn't a bad idea.
That said, BFL was intentionally mining and refusing to replace hardware till they got new hardware, I'm not trying to argue they were in the right *at all*, just pointing out that a 24-hour burn-in or longer is not out of the question for something like cryptocurrency mining. You'll take more flak for selling a product that dies within 24 hours on your customers than for having a mere 2-day shipping delay applied to all customers universally.
@_date: 2014-05-12 21:27:31
While you're right that it is vague, a number of libertarians would say that anything labelled as a "positive right" (ie, rights that others would have to work on your behalf for) should be handled at the state level. There is only one positive right that is justified at the federal level and encoded into the Constitution/Bill of Rights as the right to a trial by jury.
@_date: 2014-05-12 21:33:08
Are you prepared to door knock in your district? As a veteran in campaigning, I can assure you that the biggest problem (especially third-party) candidates have is that they think they can win without doorknocking. You'll assuredly get 10% or less of the vote if you do not unless one of the two major parties doesn't also run a candidate, in which case you'll likely still be under 30% unless you door-knock.
@_date: 2018-05-23 22:04:33
Do you have a source for this? I think laszlo even said himself he spent most of his holdings on a few other things, though he did retain a decent bit of coin over the years. I'm sure he had mined enough at the time that replenishing his stock wasn't immediately on his mind.
@_date: 2018-05-24 18:11:42
For those not in the know:
1. [Revolving door politics](
2. [Iron Triangle](
3. [Regulatory capture](
@_date: 2014-10-08 15:14:50
IPX didn't have development behind it, IP did. We can't say Bitcoin is the IPX of crypto-currencies because of the development behind it. That's why we say it's the IP or email of crypto-currencies, it's the leading development front.
@_date: 2014-03-03 07:08:34
Because the government requires they store our personal information no less...
@_date: 2018-08-16 14:04:35


Eventually you'll learn about scarcity and antifragility.
@_date: 2014-08-07 22:05:23
My only problem with Ethereum is that they haven't even settled on a PoW scheme yet. What do you think is going to happen when thousands of people who all own some percentage of this new system can't come to a consensus? We use Bitcoin to come to a consensus, and by doing a proof-of-burn without making some very important underlying system decisions, they are essentially doing what Mastercoin did, IMHO.
@_date: 2018-08-06 18:22:06
Bitcoin had no value in 2009, so either this guy is a blatant liar or doesn't remember when he actually purchased.
There was a forum user named NewLibertyStandard that did some unknown trading prior to the laszlo pizza purchase, but until midway through 2010 there was no way to "buy Bitcoin" like this guy seems to imply.
@_date: 2015-12-09 08:02:56
But some estimates put him lower. But trust me, he had 80k at one point. Evidence seems to suggest he sold *most* around the same time Druid did, however.
@_date: 2014-07-17 17:05:13
He is debating, he's making a good point, too, the community seems to be universally opposed to everything mentioned, how do you think local New Yorkers are going to react?
@_date: 2014-09-09 15:51:24
Ding Ding Ding. Though it does appear they are trying to make some money to sell info :(
@_date: 2014-11-23 08:20:53
I found it interesting that a comment I made on this thread was downvoted to -2 within less than a second after posting. I deleted it, if that's what you were wanting.
@_date: 2014-09-08 14:25:53


Honestly, this says everything. Try being involved since November 2010. I look at what you have to say and consider it with the same serious concern as the "advice" of the guy that got involved in June 2011 (at the last high) and told me he was selling out in November of that year, all the while linking to [this article]( as proof that anyone tech-saavy that was going to "get involved" had already done so and left.
I'm really sorry that some folks get involved only at the peaks of the price, but this what happens with a scarce commodity. Eventually someone comes around with more coin than they know what to do with and starts selling and keeps selling slowly over time. 
We're going to have increasingly longer and longer "valleys" to follow the peaks, just like gold has. Hell, the last gold valley started in 1981 and lasted till sometime in 1998, **over 17 years**. This Bitcoin valley appears to actually finally be forming a bottom and you're diverging? I guess it's time for guys like me to start getting back in.
@_date: 2014-01-09 17:22:47
They can downplay the importance of this all they want once they do start accepting it. Reddit didn't give it much fanfare and even later said it wasn't bringing in a whole lot of revenue. I don't doubt there are speculators out there that want it for the bump in price it might lead to, but those individuals are the outliers, not the norm. Look at Roger Verr's $1M donation in Bitcoin to FEE. I think even stated he did the donation because of the lack of Wikimedia being willing to accept BTC.
@_date: 2014-07-17 16:57:16
I just want somewhere I can trade where none of this KYC crap that is basically "ruin the financial privacy of your customers" exists. Hard to explain to someone that Bitcoin is financial freedom when you have to record names and IDs and transaction amounts.
Yes, I realize money laundering could happen, and I still don't care. Financial freedom is far more important. It's why the hell half of us got into Bitcoin in the first place.
EDIT: I honestly don't care if someone uses his Bitcoin to buy drugs and I think it's none of the government's business either. Ooooh so controversial, right? Not really. Rather have my freedoms, thanks.
@_date: 2014-03-06 17:25:26
I was around in June 2011, and there were little to no cellphone apps that actually stored Bitcoin at the time. There were maybe a handful that checked the price on Gox, even. I don't think we got around to doing QR codes for Bitcoin addresses till late 2011 at best.
Does anyone know what client he could have possibly used?
@_date: 2014-07-14 21:07:09
Yeah, that's my point, private law enforcement is just a fancy way of saying "government".
@_date: 2014-09-29 14:34:27
So you're saying all the things that make Bitcoin attractive to libertarians and not regular folks are the selling points, but yet folks are willing to endorse guys like Allaire of Circle, Winklevoss twins, and etc that all say "Bitcoin should shed it's libertarian image?
These guys are trying to make the currency something it's not.
@_date: 2014-02-28 16:20:31
Yeah, there's a point in time where you stop caring about the fiat value and you start caring about the network effect and your ownership of the technology itself. Some of us don't really look at Bitcoin as "something I'm someday going to convert to fiat" but rather as "something I'm someday going to be able to live the rest of my life on".
@_date: 2018-05-17 18:39:19
As with most arguments between tribes of thought, the truth is somewhere in the middle. There are coins you've never heard of that came and subsequently disappeared. Some of them have been restarted and found some semblance of success, but often with drastic changes to their networks that forced their early adopters to either fork or sell. While they may continue to have limped along, they never attracted the right kinds of early adopters that would buy and hold to increase their value. 
There's one particular coin that started as far back as 2011 and has only a $4 million market cap today and is hovering around 700th in rank that never went anywhere, and it was precisely because no one hoarded it.
So you can knock the attribute of *store of value* all you want, even going so far as to start calling the people that put a high emphasis on it as conspiracy theorists, but it isn't going to change the fact that you need **both** a *medium of exchange* and a *store of value* in order for a coin to succeed.
@_date: 2014-03-21 21:12:51
Yes it could and yes it does. These companies doing conversions are hedging their buys/sells based on investor money and time/risk. In other words, they know they have X number of people converting cash into coin per month and Y number of vendors selling, all they do is try to match up their buys/sells before they do a buy/sell at market rates. If done right, they make money, if they are forced to use an exchange they might lose a little.
@_date: 2014-05-24 18:52:56
Not to mention the people that give him the most crap never even donated. There were only two known donators that later wanted their money back, Goat and Augusto Croppo. Both of them donated 50 btc at a time when it was worth $5 or less.
It's my personal opinion as someone who has had conversations with both on the forums, that they are genuine in their disgust for theymos, but I believe them both to be fools who did not properly save enough coin or spent it frivolously and are are now complaining *solely* to get their 50 btc back.
There are some reasonable requests to make the new forum generation a bit more transparent, but those requests are being taken seriously by theymos and the new developers. I think some of the most vocal opponents to the new forum design are competing programmers who are upset that they were not taken into consideration.
@_date: 2014-10-15 14:22:19
Yeah, you're right and I'm an old fogey, too, I guess. Electrum isn't non-BIP39 compatible because they want to be different, they are different because they were the first to do this. They might have even pre-dated BIPs at all, I'm not sure when their first client came out, I just remember Armory and Electrum were around before the BIP 12, 16, 17 debates.
@_date: 2014-04-02 15:34:21
With two buttons they could do a "push both and hold" for final confirmation of larger amounts.
@_date: 2014-07-05 19:42:59
No, capital gains is for short term as well, but it's a higher rate, I think maybe %20-30 but none of my stuff for that applied last year and it might depend on special securities rules and such. I know that day traders are penalized pretty harshly as they were kind-of blamed for the 2000 tech market crash. In reality it was probably someone who held significant amounts of various stocks for long-term that caused crashes in stocks like Ebay, Amazon, etc. Though short-term traders were probably responsible for pump and dump stocks like Pets.com and etc.
@_date: 2014-02-06 15:51:19
When you leave, be sure to tell your family and friends why you will not be buying any Apple products anymore as well.
@_date: 2014-02-10 19:53:23
Represent us to who? The US gov't, Russia, China? Bitcoin is a worldwide distributed peer-to-peer currency. It never sleeps. Why the hell would we want someone to "represent" Bitcoin within the narrow scope of one country?
We transcend borders and operate outside national laws. We don't conform to them, they conform to *us*. Put simply, they just don't have jurisdiction here, never have. One country can try to make a law enforceable and it puts only itself at a disadvantage. **Every** time they attempt to do so, they are stifling their own innovation, all it takes is any single Bitcoiner to remind them of it, we don't need representatives, all it takes is common sense.
@_date: 2018-05-04 16:27:52
Ok. Would you say the USD has cardinal utility? If so, what is it measured in?
I think most people think fiat can only be given ordinal utility when compared to other fiat, which is why it's a problem to say there is any sort of intrinsic or inherent value. If that value cannot be quantified, then it cannot be cardinal by any means. It's entirely subjective. Subjective value is a real thing, sure, but you cannot use words like intrinsic or inherent to explain something that is subjective.
Or, at least, you'd be the first person able to do so if you could.
@_date: 2014-02-06 15:49:18
Make sure you tell your friends and family why you stopped buying Apple products as well.
@_date: 2014-12-10 21:32:37
Eh, I remember there being more options than just that, but you're mostly right. 
I would say the MAJORITY was drugs, but there was adult entertainment, video cards/equipment, investment speculation (alt coins, stocks), remittances, etc. I traded regularly with someone from the forums and a few folks living in the US that were sending Bitcoin to family back home via this forum contact in 2011/2012. They weren't exactly techies, but became such pretty quickly. I remember the biggest problem they had was that they couldn't open a bank account in the US (at least not easily).
@_date: 2014-12-17 16:06:54
Yes, exactly, but then if banks are legally allowed to be this stupid, why are we saving money with them *at all*? If anything, these new realities as to what is happening is going to drive cryptocurrencies.
The bailouts were legalized theft, there's really no question of that anymore. At the very least, everyone reading this should get their money out of the top 5 banks in the US ASAP, IMHO. But even banking local might not save you from the fallout.
@_date: 2014-02-25 18:03:03
No he doesn't, this keeps being brought up but he had shareholders in SatoshiDice, I'm not even sure he was a majority stakeholder by the end of it, he had to get at least one other big partner to agree to sell.
@_date: 2014-06-29 21:26:39
And why is he so obviously wrong?
Look at question 
@_date: 2014-10-08 14:55:29
20 years ago I had a computer with a 2gig drive and if you were saying I'd eventually have to add 3mb blocks every 10 minutes I would have flipped out, too. Today we laugh at 3mb blocks since we have 2TB hard drives, so I'm not sure it'll be a huge deal to scale this on the hard drive side. I'm a bit more concerned on the network side, but even that might be feasible.
@_date: 2014-03-13 17:33:05
They've never proven it, but that's the assumption, yes.
@_date: 2014-12-22 23:15:45
Their comment on how much would be owed in taxes is entirely wrong and they should seriously run it by a CPA before they do this.
@_date: 2014-02-08 08:49:03
You are correct. Drug laws also make it illegal to buy and sell drugs. Buying and selling drugs still happens.
@_date: 2014-01-10 17:56:54


While I agree with you, from June 2011 to November 2011, as the price fell, people were looking for excuses to spend Bitcoin and didn't hoard because they anticipated the price would continue falling. Many of them did actually spend Bitcoin because those few companies processing it were willing to accept less in fiat value of Bitcoin for their goods due to the savings they got from avoiding credit card fees. 
This continued to drive the price down further and further till mid-Novemberish, when there were two large sales into a huge Bitcoin buy wall of ~400k total @ ~$2. The price then steadily rose from there, making a small jump in late December/early January around the time of the Mr. Bitcoin episode on The Good Wife. It slowly rose over the next year (2012) and then had the rampant increases/bubble of 2013.
I think it's entirely possible that Overstock will see reasonable Bitcoin sales, however I would agree with most that this might be a bit of that initial growth from hype we're used to seeing whenever a new major adopter jumps on.
@_date: 2018-05-24 20:27:29
There are some mentioned in [this article]( You could also tweet or DM some of the Twitter users mentioned [in this post]( 
I don't know that anyone has compiled an actual list. This might be a good opportunity to do so if you are willing to maintain one. I'm sure if you started one you could make another post linking to it and get a lot of people willing to contribute and make corrections.
@_date: 2014-02-28 21:21:58


From [an OTC user with scores of trades going back to 2010](
I've been around since late 2010, too. I'd trust the word of ne0futur over &lt;random media article or other speculation&gt;
It's okay though, I get it. [You can speculate]( but we can't.
Besides, is there really any evidence he's [lost the key]( either?
@_date: 2014-09-30 21:00:53
What I don't get is that something as simple as a family member asking me to buy only 2 Bitcoin for them is a technical violation of AML laws. Who has either the time or the money to remain AML-compliant when their profits are so slim or non-existant, anyway? How are the laws as written not intentionally villainizing adopters of crypto-currencies? 
Worse, how is it that [HSBC gets to pick and choose]( what laws it says it has violated, but guys like Shrem get indicted directly?




I want to cut costs and increase profits, too.


I'll allow for a payment of fines or penalties not to exceed whatever profits I would have made as well, and only for the things you catch. I'll even throw in a public commitment to reforms by saying "Yup, that's right, we were caught this time and we shouldn't have done it; we're working hard to make sure  ~~we don't get caught again~~ it doesn't happen again" bit.
@_date: 2014-04-24 14:56:39
Someone asked me if he ever used it and I couldn't find evidence of it but I swore that he did. We might have to assume that anyone could have submitted a public key to that email address, honestly.
@_date: 2014-09-06 16:41:13
The other thing that bugs me about Mike and Gavin's (see below) opinion on this is that they ignore that Satoshi wanted to remain anonymous. If Satoshi got to have his anonymity, why shouldn't we? 
Anonymity **is** a mainstream goal, especially right now, what with the Snowden leaks and the fact we know our own government (for US citizens) is actively spying on us. 
If Bitcoin use is going to continue to grow, it cannot compromise user security for the sake of government convenience. We don't need government approval, we need widespread **public** approval.
I love what Gavin has done and know he seriously intends the best, but his outright hostility/dismissal of zero-knowledge proofs is about as anti-success as you can get. He could spend more time appreciating what folks like Todd and Taaki are working on instead of insulting them. Doesn't mean he has to endorse it, but recognize that what they are working on is what users want.
@_date: 2014-10-27 17:03:53
A "frisbee on the roof attack" is what happens to alt-coins today mostly and inadvertently happened to Namecoin in August 2011. It has been a potential threat to Bitcoin for a long time, but only theorized because the network was so small in 2011. Someone would have to not want to make money for it to be a real "thing". In fact, if I remember correctly, one of the alts (Feathercoin?) was attacked in this manner and it actually caused its value to increase and new miners hopped on to pick up the slack when the attacker left.
Basically, the idea is to put a huge amount of hashing power into a crypto-currency using Proof of Work, bump up the difficulty to an extremely high level, then pull all your hashing power out after the re-targeting of difficulty. It will make the difficulty too high for other miners to pick up the slack profitably. The name presumably comes from the idea that if kids playing frisbee bugs you, grab the frisbee and throw it on a roof. 
There was a point in time where large financial institutions could have done this, but now I think it's safe to say it is getting significantly harder to do. Alternatively, in some respects, since we don't always know who is behind the funding of large mining pools and large mining operations, it could be said this might already be happening, but instead of pulling hashing power, large financiers are simply supporting Bitcoin, as they realize the network is more valuable than existing banking institutions, especially considering how much they "control" it.
@_date: 2014-04-24 21:24:06
Well, but this was his point. He asked me how we could know the key submitted in 2008 was actually Satoshi's because it hadn't been used before. I thought it had, but I couldn't find evidence of it anywhere, even to verify code.
@_date: 2014-09-11 19:19:11
The rescue boats did **absolutely nothing** to stop the Titantic from hitting the iceberg though!
@_date: 2014-07-06 21:28:58
It seems you settle on two major points:
1. That it can be co-opted by a government
2. That it can be used to block things people might not find morally acceptable (child porn, drugs, etc.)
Point  we don't even have to really debate about. I'd argue it's likely that Ghash.IO *is* run by a government agency, as that is the only entity that actually benefits both from anonymity and the consequences of not charging a fee if a double-spend happens (fiat becomes more valuable). We know that the CIA has known about Bitcoin since Gavin's speech in 2011 and I can personally attest to knowing (sadly I can't confirm my source because he wants to remain anonymous) BFL's anonymous venture capital source for ASICs was none other than In-Q-Tel.
That said, for  to be an actual revealed problem, then GHash.IO would have to go the extra step of enforcing moral values, akin to those you mention of  If that was the case, many miners would reject out of hand the currency and begin using another alt-coin anyway. We've already seen this to some extent, with the popularity of Zerocoin (the protocol) and Darkcoin to some extent.
The solution to  is for the devs to provide something like zero-knowledge proofs for pooled coin within the blockchain, providing true anonymity of payments. Then it matters much less who is the 50% pool.
It's also important to note that I'm not making the argument that you were specifically combating (that there is no incentive for GHash to do damage to the blockchain). I'm arguing that they've already done the damage (taking over 25%) and people are still hashing there anyway, so the only solution I see is for the developers to make transactions even more private or for the coin to lose massive amounts of value till miners leave GHash.
@_date: 2014-02-18 15:03:45
I would agree with that. I suppose a better term for cryptocurrencies should be cryptocommodities, because I would agree they are too much of a store of value to be used for anything but an investment in and of themselves.
@_date: 2014-06-27 17:19:11


I think the biggest problem you're going to have is universal acceptance of going further. I think if we can shrink the government down to a night-watchman state we will have reversed the last 100 years or so of growth (at least in the US, which is the primary abuser of it's big gov't status internationally right now). Going further is going to require a dictator or king, or destroying any semblance of democracy in this country, simply because you'll never get 51% to agree there should NOT be a gov't to protect from fraud, theft, body crimes, etc. 
The social contract didn't come about because of agreement, it came about because we all can easily see there will always be disagreement and that we need a way to properly resolve those disagreements. Government is a necessary evil. Yes, absolutely it is evil, but I do still think it is necessary, otherwise we'll be at the mercy of whoever has the greater resources in any particular disagreement.
Call it government, call it a constitution, call it whatever, we need some form of rule of law that describes rules of engagement over disagreements and a system that can issue judgments in a fair and reasonable manner. I like the jury of your peers, part that the founding fathers came up with, honestly. It seems like a small tradeoff and it is quite possibly the only [positive right]( I find acceptable.
@_date: 2014-02-12 16:06:19
@_date: 2014-04-28 20:33:29
Yes, and we fought a war for liberty over that one, too. Two wrongs don't make a right.
@_date: 2014-03-23 15:29:49
Your forgetting a fourth option of law enforcement themselves.
@_date: 2014-07-31 14:41:50
It won't collapse because the world could *use* bitcoin. I know a lot of folks think bankers would use gold or silver, but if the economy is collapsing, their prices will be ridiculous and barrier to entry for gold/silver is very high. Bitcoin is an easier asset for many of them to plan for and will have a "newness" to it that they like. 
For example, most people who buy gold and silver from companies that advertise on the radio, TV or even internet are getting ripped off on spot price and transfer fees. There's bulk sites out there like [APMEX]( and others that offer much better rates if you are purchasing in the thousands of USD. I use APMEX, but I'm sure some other avid gold and silver bugs on here will have a few of their own to promote (and I'd love to see them, too, because I'm always searching for a better solution).
In any event, finding a good bullion supplier is difficult, and banks just don't have the infrastructure to start a shift toward it, even though if there were a world economic collapse, the one that succeed would be the ones that do or try to amass bullion.
I would agree a world economic collapse that also killed the Internet somehow would also hurt bitcoin, but world financial problems might not be nearly as world-ending as folks think. I mean, Russia defaulted in the 90s and the Internet didn't disappear, there's no reason to think it would in the US if the dollar collapsed.
That said, hedge accordingly, buy lots of commodities, including Bitcoin, Gold, Silver, etc. If you have assets and a means to protect them, you'll be fine.
@_date: 2014-10-07 20:34:14
~~(Removed my own comment because I don't think this guy should suffer due to Dan's stupid comments)~~
@_date: 2014-03-17 18:01:15
I've heard it inflates forever. What will inevitably happen is Bitcoin will start rising again, and Dogecoin won't, then significant amounts of Dogecoiners will get greedy and sell en masse back to Bitcoin.
Basically, what happened to Ripple in mid 2012-early 2013. Doge's just the new Ripple for speculators.
That said, more power to them, if they want to use Doge for now, I've got no problem with that, I just think folks should know it isn't under the same kinds of inflationary pressures as Bitcoin. Aside from that, let them have fun.
@_date: 2014-11-04 19:21:02
This is a court case of fraud. If fraud has taken place, the court can order whatever is needed.
If BFL chose not to follow the order, they'll pay consequences. This is the same in the US legal system as it would be in some voluntaryist system, depending on options chosen by the parties involved.
That said, I'm not an anarchist/voluntaryist, though I may have some things in common with those who are. All I'm doing here is reporting something newsworthy.
The snark, frankly, is unwarranted.
@_date: 2014-05-28 15:21:16
I think that a competent core dev team could do it, yes. One advantage that quantum cryptography theoretically will have is that we could encrypt data in such a way that if someone tried to read it, it would ruin the data, thus making Man-in-the-middle attacks impossible.
Keep in mind that quantum computing is still theoretical right now, and I'm actually in the camp that thinks it is non-falsifiable, and thus even fails the demarcation test necessary to call itself science.
More here:
@_date: 2014-10-15 14:51:25
"Liberty lost and again regained bites with keener fangs than liberty never endangered." -- Cicero
The governments fight because they know if we regain your liberties, we will inevitably seek more. Of course we have to fight, when people fear their government, there is tyranny.
@_date: 2014-10-28 19:32:43
As I mentioned in a comment below, It looks like this is actually built on top of TCP, but the part about it "replacing" TCP/IP is looking further into the future, where every web service is built on top of this protocol instead. It uses TCP, so presumably it'd be post-Transport layer. Not sure how it'd exactly handle DNS with an equivalent UDP method. It might even be worthwhile to try SCTP for this use since it'd work well in a P2P-like exchange.
Per the OSI Model, it'd go here: (sorry, I can't put things in-between lists so it's after Transport)
1.  Physical
2.  Data link
3.  Network
4.  Transport **Foxtrot**
5.  Session
6.  Presentation
7.  Application
Or it'd be it's own Session layer with new Session-layers built on top of it to mimic existing ones like SMB, DNS, FTP, HTTP. Not sure exactly, but just looking at the code it is built on TCP.
@_date: 2014-10-15 14:20:57


Yes. It's because they had their wallet format and were doing word lists like a year before BIP39 was even written. No one thought to make it a standard till the Trezor team realized it probably should be.
@_date: 2014-08-30 05:34:10
You were right, though. Decentralized consensus did turn out to be impossible, look at how long it took the TLAs to co-opt Bitcoin mining. We hear Gavin's going to meet with the CIA then actually ends up meeting with the head of the CIA first before giving his speech. Then "crickets" for ~2 years, then some huge anonymous source gives a boatload of coin to the Avalon team to finish their ASICs and suddenly Bitcoin is a household term and rising quickly in price. Well played, I guess.
BTW, did Gavin ever explain how the Bitcoin faucet started? I mean, officially? Inquiring minds want to know...
@_date: 2014-05-15 21:42:37
Can I ask why or are you just going to make blanket statements? The blockchain provides a public reference and a mechanism to make transfers of securities immediate and with low fees. Neither my nor the OP's example are great, but they *are* possible.
@_date: 2014-12-31 17:05:46
In line with the original thought of how top level domains work, a .COM would talk about commercial aspects and business, whereas a .ORG would be for not-for-profit and "general" educational resources (obviously .EDU for specifically educational). I see nothing wrong with these arguments as described.
I know people like to bash on Luke-jr, but these are good points against listing specific for-profit websites as long as they are used consistently on the correct sections.
@_date: 2014-09-26 19:27:26
I wouldn't say "never sell". It's just that we sell slowly and selectively over time. Or well, I do, anyway. Each new service that gets added gives me an incentive to. But I buy sometimes as well. To someone like me, at least, it's never been about buying and holding or selling and "taking profits" it's been about replacing fiat with Bitcoin. Small steps, basically.
@_date: 2014-03-02 00:25:09
Yes, this is his seed for his Electrum wallet. **DO NOT SHARE THOSE WORDS WITH ANYONE ONLINE**. Do not type them to ANYONE.
If your husband was involved in Bitcoin for more than a year, he may have another technical person that is his friend who he entrusted with information on how to recover the coin safely as well. I have an agreement with family/relatives and two online friends from the Bitcoin forums that I trust for doing this.
I would highly recommend using someone trustworthy that does IT stuff for your family regularly or one of your husband's trusted IT friends if you're not comfortable with this yourself. You may want to even do this on an offline computer at first to ensure you do not lose any coin. Once you confirm those 12 words on an offline computer do have coin on them, you can set up a Coinbase account and get it verified with your bank, then transfer the coin to Coinbase and withdraw.
Additionally, how long was your husband involved in Bitcoin? It's very likely if he's been around a few years that he's got some Casascius coins as well. They'll look like the ones in this picture:
If he has any of these, please do not marr or touch them as much as you can avoid. They can sell on the Bitcoin forums for more than their value. There's a few trusted dealers on the forums that folks here can help you identify. If you do work with anyone from the Bitcoin world on this, keep posting regular updates or send us PMs to verify they are NOT trying to steal your coin.
All the warnings you are reading from folks here are very real, the wrong person "helping" you may end up taking it all or worse, losing it.
@_date: 2014-08-18 18:41:37
Do a few more searches for |)ruid or "Druid" or 12higDjoCCNXSA95xZMWUdPvXNmkAduhWv
He had a significant amount of coin that was likely sold after the June 2011 bubble till November 2011. I'm not sure he wants to talk about it, though. I mean, why would anyone want to discuss this stuff? 
You can ask him if you want, he's here on Reddit as [druidian]( but I think most people know he's not part of the present sell-offs. If I had to finger who the "manipulator" was, I'd surmise it was him or someone working on his behalf to sell his coin, possibly through some sort of contract where he didn't get to specify an actual price of sale. 
I'm not sure his sale in 2011 is exactly unknown to most people, though, as he even linked his ownership of that above address to his BTC-OTC account. My guess is that the price drops at present could be just due to one of the myriad of other old IRC holders, or just normal activity.
What you should really be looking at is who in the crypto community *should* have been involved in Bitcoin but was mysteriously absent from mention. You'd think with a crypto-coin that seems to work being invented, that folks that followed that community avidly would have been privy to what was going on, but you get crickets from some of them (perhaps most notably, the ones with Defense agency ties). Ultimately, one's belief in a "manipulator" or who Satoshi is depends on how much aluminum foil they're willing to don atop their head, I'm afraid, because this is all really just speculation.
[More info only early miners here](
@_date: 2014-01-13 18:29:26
Food delivery of automated food production would be awesome with [a machine like this]( and Bitcoin payments, IMHO. Just order it, it'll build your order, and then a delivery guy manually delivers it. (or if drones take off, even delivery could be automated). You'd think there'd be something like this in Silicon Valley maybe.
@_date: 2014-10-31 16:36:13
What is the appropriate word to use there?
Like I can understand it is proper English to say, "Never underestimate an American."
But is it proper English to say, "Never underestimate a Chinese." ?
I'm just asking, I honestly don't know.
@_date: 2014-07-15 14:59:49


Though to be honest, while BFL stunk and seemed pretty scammy from the git-go, (even their FPGAs were delayed) ngzhang and co. had a history of delivering within a reasonable timeframe on their FPGAs, and much better community and open source support. Friedcat was open about how ASICMiner was going to operate and etc. It wasn't blind investment, but I would agree there was a lot of gambling going on.
When the Avalon ASICs came out and ASICMiner's share value increased as they went online, it was definitely not a huge surprise. I think the surprise came in how the price shot up so drastically along with their success. A lot of people thought ASIC was going to mean the death of Bitcoin or the death of consensus.
@_date: 2014-03-21 15:35:48
August 2012 it rose from $12-$15 in one day and then subsequently fell to $8-10 where it remained for at least a week or so.
@_date: 2014-08-20 00:52:55
This entire post is stupid. Tons of people spouting off half-truths in here, passing judgments they aren't qualified to comment on.
@_date: 2014-03-09 00:48:31
His public key is public, all he has to sign a message saying something like "I am Satoshi Nakamoto, creator of Bitcoin who is in control of the ning.com account." with his private key and we can verify it with his public key. He won't do that though, he may have even intentionally-destroyed his private keys in order to hide any association with Bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-08-23 19:48:20
This is like saying currency is bad for the free market. There are no monopolies in free markets, because there is no coercion. 
@_date: 2014-08-22 14:36:16
This is what happens when a government agency says, "Wait, we have to approve these transactions cause they probably came from a malicious source." It shouldn't be any surprise this happens just days after a massive sell-off.
@_date: 2014-03-03 17:04:01
It's not related, but almost everyone has shopped at Target in the last year or so. I still don't like it, you're right it's kind of misleading.
@_date: 2014-07-15 15:13:24
Yup, for evidence of this, look no further than July-November 2011. Though this downswing in difficulty could be much more drastic in scope.
@_date: 2014-04-11 22:11:17
Just keep watching. It may be months, but you'll see it level off then it'll start all over again. I watched it fall in 2011 and I'm sure I'll see it again. I do think the capitulation phase still hasn't really settled in yet, but its starting to. It's funny reading the comments now, they are parroting things I've been saying the last 3 months. After a few more months or possibly years of this, it'll start foaming again.
@_date: 2018-05-24 23:59:47
Well, I guess I meant mostly just "Asia" but there's a lot of users of Bitfinex and it trades in Hong Kong, technically, right? I didn't want to just ignore the significance of that exchange, especially given the shadiness around USDT right now. 
@_date: 2014-06-16 20:12:10
AmEx might ultimately be amicable to Bitcoin as well. As one of the smaller payment processors, they are going to have to decide to adopt-or-die sooner. Whichever of Discover/AmEx jumps into dual fiat/coin processing first may end up blowing the other away and positioning themselves to eventually overtake MC/Visa.
@_date: 2014-04-08 16:16:30
I'm sure it will be soon, they said "two weeks".
@_date: 2014-01-23 22:32:58
This should be the top comment, honestly.
@_date: 2014-05-30 21:37:43
Same thing happened to someone who had accidentally posted his shipping info in full detail to "prove" they were shipping on the BTCtalk forums if I remember right.
@_date: 2014-12-17 22:10:47
This cannot be repeated enough. Someone I know and otherwise respect was abusing his technological influence on his Facebook page at the height of the boom last year. BTC had just passed $1k/coin and someone asked him, "but really, how high do you think it could actually go?" and he matter-of-factly says $60k with no reasoning or anything behind it. This is a guy who hadn't even cared to learn anything about Bitcoin from me at any point during the previous two years that I'd been messaging him about it and posting on Facebook. He'd only just hopped on and while he had a good grasp of the technical side of how it worked, did not have a good idea of the financial fundamentals.
Be forewarned, even folks who purport to be familiar with the technology, understand the technology, and maybe even live and breathe the technology of Bitcoin can be completely inept when it comes to valuing that same technology.
I imagine folks from the startup scene have similar stories of techies making huge financial mistakes. Not every technical guru is going to be financially successful. That shouldn't detract people from getting involved a little at any level, but a good warning against speculation is healthy for ANY worthwhile asset, even ones with built-in scarcity.
@_date: 2014-06-04 21:05:45


I can personally guarantee you that this insurance policy insures for fiat value at the time of theft or subsequently thereafter once the price has fallen and they choose to pay out, likely whichever is more convenient for the insurance provider.
@_date: 2014-02-18 17:59:52


I'd be happy doing business even at places that only held on to maybe 1-5% of their coins. Perhaps the directory could have estimates or ranges.
@_date: 2014-06-13 19:47:46
Ahh, ok, I was not aware of the reimbursements, I just knew that at least four blocks were rejected from BTCGuild alone when I was counting who was affected immediately as it was happening.
@_date: 2014-07-09 18:21:27
Yeah, best stuff is still to come, look up [smart contracts](
@_date: 2014-05-10 13:06:55
This is a lovely joke. Thanks for sharing it!
@_date: 2018-05-25 00:05:27
I guess that's my point. In the present state of geopolitics, I'm not sure that the US gov't *does* really have jurisdiction over anything denominated in dollars. Same thing with the "world police" argument. 
These are the sorts of things that are being questioned now every day and as long as USDT continues to trade as if it is legitimately tied to the USD, I would argue that the US clearly **doesn't** have jurisdiction over crypto exchanges trading in USD or USDT. They are possibly too afraid to poke the bear on this subject, and because of that, they only neuter their own exchanges when they announce they are going to investigate manipulation.
@_date: 2014-09-19 19:40:19
I haven't changed and I was around back then. I wasn't always optimistic on price but the underlying technology. Same thing goes for now. I'll probably start being optimistic on price again if it drops another hundred, though, there's only so much of a beating that miners can reasonably take before it start becoming more profitable for them to just buy, and if there's anyone that really believes in this stuff, it's the miners.
@_date: 2014-12-17 22:36:03
In a world of gag orders and spying on citizens, how do you get a valid guarantee? A warrant canary is probably the only way, does ChangeTip provide that service yet? If not, why?
@_date: 2014-08-08 14:43:51
Most of the stuff I'm reading about invertible bloom lookup tables looks interesting, do you know if using [compressed sensing]( along with IBLT would speed things further?
@_date: 2014-10-28 15:33:09
I think that this is a way to side-step the debate of the issue on network neutrality, actually.
This particular type of data transfer network is likely the way the Internet should have been done from the beginning, where you as an end user can choose to pay nothing to access this specific network, but ISPs and content providers barter in an open network over rates as the ISP's customers and the content providers demand.
If anything, this could hasten the process by which ISPs turn into common carriers, as it could potentially cut them out of the equation completely. This is precisely what the content providers would love, too. Knowing BitPay, they could totally sell this. I mean, the potential profits from such a network are huge, it'd drive major Bitcoin adoption, and BitPay could sell all the extra coin for whoever profits.
On the other hand, suppose you (as a content provider) overcharge, someone could provide a "retranmission" of your content for significantly lower cost, and possibly even begin to poach your traffic. On the other hand, if you're a content provider, you can lower your price to then undercut them and steal that traffic back with a faster rate since you'd be the original source provider. To a certain extent, this forces content providers to find an equilibrium where their content is actually priced appropriately (ie, where lowering or raising the price is neither more or less beneficial for them). A free market advocate's ideal system for intellectual property, and depending on how the net neutrality advocate lies, this could be a nightmare for them.
Imagine if tomorrow all the pay-for-post bloggers (who write crappy reviews about products, for example) had to also compete with distribution networks whereby customers were rating those sites horribly, thus increasing their cost to distribute content. You'd love it right? Till the next day when some poor sap posts on Reddit about how his pet blog can't be read by people because he can only afford to host with this crappy distribution network that hosts a ton of pay-for-post bloggers. Then it'd be all pitchforks and torches because "the system" is now evil. They might even ask for government intervention. I think this would inevitably happen at some point, even if it is far in the future.
It's funny, I know NN advocates tend to push for common carrier, but in doing so, they are going to probably bring about the necessity of a system like this, which is exactly what they were afraid of having to begin with.
@_date: 2014-11-04 18:29:22
Didn't Ballmer laugh cause it had no keyboard?
Though, to be honest, I didn't like it because of that exact reason. I only changed my mind as the touchscreen keyboards got better, though I still miss having a slide-out keyboard.
@_date: 2014-09-20 20:40:22
IMHO, this is what the point of a Bitcoin Foundation should be, to convince all the major players (merchants, exchanges, media, etc.) to start using smaller and smaller denominations at the right times. The government regulation stuff is irrelevant to their purpose.
@_date: 2014-10-29 21:24:18
Sounds like you're going the zero-knowledge configuration route which might make it unnecessary then, good idea. I wish you guys the best.
@_date: 2014-07-14 18:37:53
Which may be even *more* susceptible to a 51% attack because of the loss of knowing who is mining what almost immediately. It'd have to have a better way of showing it's not centralized, honestly.
@_date: 2014-03-12 16:12:11
If we are going to have a "Bitcoin Foundation" that represents agents within Bitcoin, then this is who they should be interacting with, the press. Meeting with a government directly is counter-productive. Governments are going to implement regulations whether we want them or not. Instead of rubber-stamping regulations, the Bitcoin Foundation should be ignoring legislators and interacting with the press directly to present their case.
I'm sad it took a year and half for them to realize this, but maybe now we'll see what happens as a result.
@_date: 2014-07-06 16:47:32
IMHO, this is still people looking for a solution when one already exists. If a mining company both has 50% and a double-spend happens, it will have a very negative short term affect on the price of a cryptocurrency and will kill the pool as all miners reject it.
I know a lot of Bitcoiners think the price should perpetually shoot ever higher, and that mining companies need to be punished by the developers for holding 50%+, but if a double-spend were to happen of any significance via the actions of a mining pool of significant hash power, it would instantly hurt the price and eventually kill that pool's viability as miners move elsewhere. 
Other mining pools, having seen what happens to a pool that is used to perform a significant double-spend, will actively put in place mechanisms to ensure they don't ever run into the same situation as the punished pool, namely that they don't get over 40% without some hefty mining fees kicking in.
Unlike others that are very vocal on here, I'm willing to watch the price crash in the short term in order to see a mining pool with the policies like GHash.IO fail. They should be increasing fees as their pool hashrate increases and they take over more and more of the hashrate. The fact that they don't means they need to experience failure, even if that means a harsh reaction to significant drops in the price of coin due to a double-spend.
@_date: 2014-02-18 18:06:50


Seems weird to sell physical bitcoins via a website, but I did test to see if I could put in an order for 10,000 coins and it didn't go through and the WHOIS info for the domain lists what appears to be a real name so I suppose I can't say this is a scam site. When was your last purchase?
@_date: 2014-06-17 16:56:28
If it's algorithm-based and applies to everyone, I think you'll find there are some libertarians (esp classical liberals and many minarchists) that don't mind code-based regulation, it's intended to honor the original reason we all got involved, after all. 
The limit of 21 million bitcoins isn't "anarchist" or "libertarian" or "agorist" it's just scarcity-based. We all agree with it because it gives incentive to purchase/hold/hoard. There's a lot more inside the Bitcoin code that does other sorts of regulations that wouldn't otherwise have to be there. 
Yet the difference between code-based regulation and dictation-based regulation is that dictation-based regulation has intentional winners and losers from within the Bitcoin community, ie it would very much play favorites. 
Code-based regulation is intended to benefit the same Bitcoin community as a whole and still honor the original intention of avoiding a 51% attack. It's not like we're suddenly crying that Bitcoin has failed and a government has to sweep in and beat mining pools into submission. We built this thing with math and we can solve this problem with math, too. There's already been a number of reasonable suggestions, none of which require an entity with a monopoly on force (ie, government) to solve. They will require consensus to eliminate the risk of a fork, however.
@_date: 2014-03-24 15:21:18
I no longer buy home furnishings through Amazon, Overstock is pretty much just as cheap for the stuff I'm looking for.
@_date: 2014-07-16 21:58:05
You get to use a service owned by a CEO that likes to tell the Bitcoin developers what to do.
@_date: 2018-08-16 15:16:32
I've been in Bitcoin since late 2010, first purchase in 2011. I've heard the "it'll go to zero" argument for ~8 years now.
@_date: 2014-08-25 15:09:03
The same security that makes a hacker's theft irreversible is the same security that makes a regular merchant's sale of goods to a buyer irreversible. If we were to implement any kind of technology that reversed Bitcoin transactions, it would eliminate the very advantage the blockchain has over VISA/Mastercard and the traditional payment structure.
If you want reversible transactions, stick with fiat. Bitcoin is for merchants and businesses and end users that are interested in building a new system with security as the focus. We're getting there with multi-sig, too. Eventually, even exchanges could be obsolete, or at least, the traditional idea of an exchange that holds your coins directly. Instead, we may move to a system whereby at the point of your sale of coin, you are required to sign a transaction given the exchange complete control of your sale. And when you buy, you are required to give them a multi-sig address they can place the coin into, so the coin is thoroughly accounted for and cryptograpically/mathematically *yours*. 
@_date: 2014-08-19 12:14:37
Just remember that the network can remain irrational longer than you can remain solvent.
@_date: 2014-02-06 23:48:56
Ah. Welcome to the Reddit "2" club of users who got their original account banned or outright deleted for reasons the admins won't adequately inform them about.
@_date: 2014-07-08 15:11:29
Yup, page views draw in the money. Nothing nefarious honestly, they are just turning more tabloid to make themselves look more important. They'll cool off for a while and then do it again.
@_date: 2014-04-30 15:45:49
I don't think it is a bot, either.
@_date: 2014-03-10 00:08:18
You must be new to Bitcoin. He signed messages with his private key throughout 2008-2010 regularly. Anyone who has been involved in Bitcoin for more than a few months to a year knows this. Some of us have even emailed with him before.
@_date: 2014-02-25 18:00:30
Yes, they were, Erik got most of them, but this same crap gets spun about as if this number of coin went directly to him. AFAIK he didn't even hold that number of coin as an intermediary or in escrow.
@_date: 2014-02-17 17:25:42
Yes, but Namecoin has become somewhat of a joke, honestly. If you go to the page that explains how to use OpenDNS servers that support .bit, the [page with the server list]( doesn't work.
@_date: 2018-05-23 22:10:05
If I had to guess, jercos is actually right. Laszlo did several "pizza" trades after that first one, because several forum users wanted to buy $20-$40 worth of coin and just messaged him directly. Jercos has never said he went on to do other trades, AFAIK.
It's very possible (and I'd even say likely) that Laszlo didn't take a picture right away during the first trade and instead took a picture on the second or one of the subsequent trades when he realized the potential historical value of what had just taken place.
@_date: 2018-05-25 14:06:17
Consensus is hard to build. UASF was the best option with the lack of a clear consensus. We should be prepared to do UASFs for other potentially contentious changes as well. Especially with regards to Bitcoin fungibility. 
@_date: 2014-02-19 02:52:34
I've been around since late 2010. No. Nothing against them, though, just not my thing.
@_date: 2014-07-02 21:24:28
It's a way of marketing, the idea or hope is that they get repeat customers out of it.
@_date: 2014-02-28 20:52:33
If it was **just** the 9GAG thing, I would admit it's speculation. 
Considering he's both said in French on IRC that the government won't let him, and he keeps referring to "ongoing investigations", it's not exactly a huge leap that bends logic. Even if the 9GAG thing wasn't intentional, it's still a reasonable assumption.
The Blockchain is public, he could show even a single address of the largest transaction malleability loss but he's not. We can see coin he moved in 2011 from a solvency check that does not make sense to have been lost in transaction malleability. Doesn't it bother you that what we're hearing and what we see doesn't make sense?
@_date: 2014-10-29 16:41:24
Can you provide details as to where your warrant canary is located? I think this is probably going to need to be necessary in the future for all bitcoin companies going forward. If there's a universal front on this, the government will be forced to capitulate to user pseudonymity and have to take non-invasive measures to the entire ecosystem and instead do old-fashioned gumshoe detective work to find the individuals they claim are breaking the law.
@_date: 2014-02-04 17:35:28
I suppose that could be, but there's a lot of extremes involved. Do similar log scales work for Gold, Silver, and other commodities?
@_date: 2014-07-10 14:33:00


It won't be. Look at what happened to Gox, they tied up Karples's money and then wouldn't let him even explain why it was tied up to his own customers.
@_date: 2014-02-17 16:36:22
It's also important to note that it was designed this way and has to be this way in order for it to work. The blockchain is nothing more than a public ledger and every block is a confirmation of transactions that have taken place. If people couldn't see the transactions of the folks that traded coin to you, they couldn't agree that your private key actually controls that coin. Same goes for the next person you trade to and the folks they trade to after that. They have to be able to see your transaction because if they cannot, there is no way for them to confirm someone after you is trading legitimate coin.
The solution that Zerocoin came up with that is NOT being implemented is also not perfect anonymity, but basically a way to combine everyone's coin and then have you submit something called a Zero Knowledge Proof to show that out of say a pool of 300 mostly-anonymous coin, you own 10 of them. The other 290 coin are owned by other people that want semi-anonymity.
In some respects, however, this might even draw *more* attention to you since you don't know what the owners of the 290 coin did, but *plausible deniability* is a very strong legal concept in first world countries.
@_date: 2014-01-15 02:35:53
Ding Ding Ding. We have a winner. 
I find it completely bizarre that people think Net Neutrality is anything other than censorship. The government doesn't enforce Net Neutrality via any valid form, they selectively pick and choose what to fight. Every law they tout as a way to enforce Network Neutrality is all about limiting your access to specific websites. 
Government does not see things in the same light as you do, so any actual implementation of NN will be akin to SOPA or PIPA and not about keeping the Internet free. You don't own the politicians, so you will **never** write the laws.
That said, I'm *still* pissed that cable and phone companies have a **government enforced** oligopoly in this country. If you want to make NN a thing, we need to strip that power away from them.
+.01 BTC verify
@_date: 2014-11-23 05:52:37
Not to mention that Chinese mining farms have helped secure the network from even a government takeover of the network at this point. The xenophobia GFG espouses doesn't help reinforce his point. 
Mining centralization *does* happen. It is not been a problem in practice, however theoretical of a problem it could become. When it does happen, the social environment changes to one of bashing the 50% pool holder into submission or getting large miners to shift to other pools, which happens time and time again -- and this is important -- *without government intervention*. 
It'll happen again as well, mark my words. We have nothing to fear but fear itself.
@_date: 2014-06-13 18:04:37
I think that's the obvious explanation that no one is talking about, simply because we don't have proof, because we don't presently have any way to verify the identity of the GHash.IO owners or [this individual]( who claims to have been wronged by Eligius and BTCGuild instead of being in the wrong.
@_date: 2014-07-27 21:21:23
I am not sure, but Gavin supposedly didn't get involved till Mid 2010 and theymos was involved early, but probably not mining till late 2009.
This is the first post of the bitcointalk.org forums:
theymos's first post was in February 2010, when he found out about transaction fees (see, we were all newbs once!):
@_date: 2014-03-28 16:52:05
While ignorance of the law does not excuse, intent still has to be proven.
This is why for example it's illegal to steal candy from a store, but if a baby in a shopping cart takes candy from the shelf and hides it in his mother's purse, the mother and child cannot be held liable for stealing, because they never intended to steal. If she find out about it and keeps it, it's stealing, obviously, but if the alarm goes off as they walk out of the store, courts have held that babies do not yet understand the act of "stealing" and thus did not have intent, regardless of their ignorance of the law.
So yes, there's becoming this huge problem where there are too many laws to follow and it's possible for the average person to know for sure what exactly they are violating, especially if their intent cannot be fully established. For example, deaths in a drive-by shooting where another person was the target are usually processed as involuntary manslaughter even today. Though if they can show that the perpetrator purposely knew there was a chance someone would be home other than their intended target, they can often bump that up.
@_date: 2014-10-09 06:26:27
Another spot that is **really** good: (I'm always showing the leading question)


@_date: 2014-11-13 22:44:26
Sorry, but this is just hogwash.


No, he didn't, there are even [treasurers]( that hold coins.


He identified and patched a 0-day SMF exploit and even notified [the creators of the software who were asking about the hack on reddit]( about it.


I don't even see one peep about that regarding the forum money. It was, at most, two very vocal former donators/VIPs making such claims, but I don't even see any references to goat or augusto in your comment, so I'll assume you don't even have any proof. Marketing was done here on reddit.


Do you have a reference for this? He picked a forum software developer late, yes, but the cost of a "built from the ground up" forum software written for node.js isn't exactly cheap. Plus they are going to open source it.


That's absurd.
The [new forum software]( is being created right now. The guy who's team is doing most of the programming is [still active](


MtGox wasn't fit to run it, quite frankly. I'm glad it's forum regulars maintaining it now and forum funds being used to help host it. It allows for objectiveness without favoring particular Bitcoin businesses or exchanges.


Or he could have let the community do it as they felt it necessary. I'm not sure anyone ever really complained about this at the time.
@_date: 2014-07-01 19:28:02
I'd never heard of this guy till I saw someone post about it and I've followed finance for a long time. I don't know that a former Fed Reserve examiner and floor trader is ever going to make a name for themselves unless they put their neck out there and make predictions like this, anyway.
It also doesn't look like he's had any well-travelled articles or interviews till this crazy $10 Bitcoin prediction either. It definitely made him infamous in the Bitcoin community and that's a pretty large community these days.
@_date: 2014-02-25 18:08:27
Browsers don't forward HTTPS urls in HTTP_REFERRER by default.
@_date: 2014-08-08 20:12:30
Short answer: Yes.
Long answer: Yes, and believe it or not, we have before as well. Folks that bought during the run-up in spring 2011 from ~$0.60 to $33 or so were at varying price averages. Some of them owned maybe only a few hundred Bitcoin in 2010 and sold after it popped above $1, only to regret that they had no stake in the game and bought back in again at $5 or even higher, thinking it was going to the moon again, which it did, only the "moon" then was $33, an ATH that stood for a very long time. 
I think a large percentage of the folks that bought that spring had to wait about a year after the bubble pop before it came back to the $5-10 range again (though I am aware that it hit $7 earlier that year), and the ones that purchased over $10 definitely had to wait well over a year. I remember 2012 being a particularly grueling year for Bitcoin, there was tons of good news (FPGA mining, Multi-sig, Bitcoinica starting, etc.), a reasonable amount of bad news (BIP 16/17 disagreement, Bitcoinica failing, pirate's ponzi, etc.), but for the most part, people were just accumulating and waiting. It wasn't until the Winklevoss twins did a huge purchase, likely around $10-12, that things started picking back up in Fall 2012. 
So yeah, if we take July 2011 to be the same bubble pop that November 2013 was, it might not be till February of 2015 before we see the beginning stages of another bubble, and even then, we're talking maybe another 3-4 months of slowly rising from like $800 back to $1000 before it really starts getting crazy.
@_date: 2014-03-01 23:55:20
Didn't they go to btc-e then they lost them?
@_date: 2014-02-18 03:52:16
The US dollar has decreased in value some 96% since 1913 (sorry, just repeating off the top of my head, don't know the specifics, but I know it's over 90%). What globally traded asset has decreased in value worse?
@_date: 2014-03-12 15:10:50
Okay, so I'm upset about this but one of the companies I purchase from regularly is AmagiMetals who uses BitPay. Should I start using a different dealer? If so, who?
@_date: 2014-08-28 15:05:41
One of the things expat sites say first to people migrating is "if you don't like the local cuisine, don't move there." It's not always as easy as you might think, for some people the choice is much easier than others.
@_date: 2014-10-10 16:26:59
But many of these don't make sense currently: Counterparty, Ethereum, etc aren't issuing tokens denominated in US dollars, just Bitcoin. Bitcoin isn't owned by the US gov't.
@_date: 2014-02-18 18:46:05
I'm talking about after it is confirmed. It eventually will be.
@_date: 2014-06-17 15:43:13
Did you respond to this with a real answer somewhere else?
@_date: 2014-07-15 17:36:31
The sad thing is you're probably right, I can see some SEC bureaucrat going home and asking his kid "What's this Bitcoin thing? Are kids your age familiar with it?"
"Yeah Dad, it's a way to indirectly buy League of Legends skins online from some guys that want to get rid of government."
@_date: 2014-12-26 16:22:28
His abuse of charitable trusts is legendary, he could have wrote the book on filtering money away from the IRS via this method. Look at where his kids all work and [how much money they are bringing in from him](
Don't get me wrong, he *is* giving to charity, but it is his kids running these organizations, and their financial futures are secure because of it. They get the benefit of getting money from dad without it being taxed, and he gets the tax benefits from avoiding inheritance taxes.
Same goes with Bill and Melinda Gates's Foundation, now, too. The two of them essentially filter down their money between trusts set in each other's or their kids', wives, parents names. Now, one could certainly argue that this is fine, at least they are doing charity work, but when the jobs from these organizations are going to pretty much all their kids and extended family, it's pretty easy to see why he's not exactly a paragon of virtue.
That said, I'm not sure about the blackmail and extortion argument, but there have been people that say that Union Pacific, BSNF, and other train transportation companies (owned by Berkshire Hathaway, mostly) are [extorting the grains transportation market](
Union Pacific and BSNF used to be major competitors, now they are owned by the same parent company, Berkshire Hathaway.
@_date: 2014-12-16 22:22:47
Sorry, his actual words were [investors and creditors]( which means they'll broker a deal whereby everyone loses something (ie, Cyprus).
I mean, it seems fun to joke about tin foil conspiracy types, but these things are discussed in the public by the very people that would have to implement "solutions" if a TBTF situation came up again. You do a disservice to astute readers looking to make sense of things by just passing comments off as conspiracy, even if you didn't mean it to be anything more than a joke.
FDIC insurance funding as a whole is what, $25 billion? For $9.3 trillion in deposits? I mean, sure, that money might be enough for the little banks, but when another big one takes a hit, it won't end well. And perhaps more importantly, they are *already warning us* it won't end well.
@_date: 2014-10-16 16:14:07
RE: resistance to censorship:
I run a full Bitcoin node at home that only has TOR-based connectivity (ie, it will NOT communicate with non-TOR nodes) I presently use it as a canary and to assist others in maintaining their anonymity. For example, other TOR-based nodes that communicate back to the non-TOR network can be identified and compromised, and authorities could gag operators and monitor which TOR sources are sending initial transactions. By running my node, and without any sort of logging, I provide another hop of unidentifiable transfer for TOR SPVs that authorities would have to compromise in order to identify users. Of course, that unidentifiability only lasts as long as I remain uncompromised.
So, given the above, and just thinking about the recommendation itself, would increasing the blocksize make me more or less identifiable?
I actually think increasing blockchain size is a good thing, but Todd has made a good point that should be acknowledged by everyone paying attention. And for those wondering, I don't broadcast my TOR node's address for intentional criminal use or actually work with anyone that I don't already know personally even though it exists, I only use it for myself, family, and friends that I know *do* want anonymity. I'm more than willing to provide it for them. Anonymity of transfer is something that I don't think enough Bitcoiners take serious today.
@_date: 2014-07-11 16:21:17
It was actually registered on 2013-12-11 from what I can tell. I think what you're seeing is the last WHOIS entry change.
There's only been two changes. My guess is the first change was the initial creation of the record, and the second change was the pointing of it to this new IP:
According to this IP, it was last changed 2-25:
@_date: 2014-09-26 14:36:35
Might want to add keeping a hold of the original executable. A lot may change over the next twenty years, but there will still be an emulator for 32/64-bit Windows most likely, he'll want to load up a VM, install electrum, import his wallet or secret phrase, and then extract out the private key assuming Electrum isn't still around or doesn't have backwards compatibility for the "old" method. I wouldn't assume that there will be copies of a 20 year old binary.
It might actually be worth investing in a Trezor for this.
@_date: 2014-03-07 19:27:03
This is correct. On the other hand, the 15 BTC or so that has been sent to it since *is* spendable, supposedly.
@_date: 2014-09-20 20:45:56
If done with your own small pool among you and your friends, this is a form of gambling, to an extent.
While they would be better off just buying Bitcoin if they really want it, they could set up USB miners and run their own pool. If they get a block, they could enjoy the 25 Bitcoins. Your chances are quite small in most cases, but still might be better than winning the lottery.
@_date: 2014-07-29 03:48:27
Can I just frankly ask you what the purpose of blocking traffic based on source would accomplish? As a sysadmin, I could see a use in blocking malware like Cryptolocker/Cryptowall and more, but those are sites that don't communicate in a C&amp;C methodology regarding outbound/exit relays. Unless you're aware of some form of malware none of the rest of us are, I'm not sure what you're trying to accomplish. Ignoring some of the anti-privacy recommendations that I think you deservedly took some flak for, I'm assuming you're trying to be noble in this instance. Can you give a specific example of what type of traffic you'd be trying to block/prevent?
@_date: 2014-07-04 00:05:23
Yeah, I thought about linking to that directly, but one of the comments directly jumps into conspiracy theory and I think it's just important to note that Adam Draper is a willing participant, not go off on tangents unnecessarily. People can make up their own minds as to what his acceptance or even perhaps enjoyment of regulation in the Bitcoin world means.
@_date: 2014-08-27 16:33:37
I'm not entirely sure why trusting family isn't "good enough" for most BIP38 backups. I'd trust one with the actual backup and another two living in two different locations with the password to it, then write my will to give instructions on how to recover them.
There's no such thing as a bulletproof system, just "good enough". Trusting family and close friends is "good enough", honestly.
I personally am using multi-sig with Armory and the individuals I'm sharing the coin with are very close friends/family. It's "good enough".
@_date: 2014-06-03 16:50:13
It's important to note that in the case of the Netherlands (at least) the "global currency" status really only applied to the West, and there was definitely a transition period for its standing. My guess is the USD will only slowly lose out to Bitcoin over time. It won't be immediate and may take more than a decade.
@_date: 2014-01-15 02:41:52
If you add you'll find that is one of the biggest abusers of deleting popular threads. They deleted one a few weeks ago that smartly asked why Facebook's android app wanted permission to both read and send SMS messages.
Google's Hangouts has the same feature, it's because they want to be your ONLY communication medium with your friends/family, but rather than enjoying the lively discussion, the mods removed the thread entirely from the front page.
@_date: 2014-04-18 16:28:24
It's basically a really nice API for interacting with the Bitcoin blockchain without having to run the full Bitcoin Core client on a computer. As of today it has all the functionality of bitcoind (Bitcoin Core) without actually needing that program.
@_date: 2014-12-04 19:13:04
I like this one better:
"*And I sincerely believe, with you, that banking establishments are more dangerous than standing armies; and that the principle of spending money to be paid by posterity, under the name of funding, is but swindling futurity on a large scale.*" - [Thomas Jefferson to John Taylor, May 28, 1816](
TJ thought that the system of banking we now have today was absolutely abhorrent. And he thought this two centuries ago. Really gives you an insight to just how far we've strayed from principles that for the first hundred years, kept this country great. (I realize not everyone here lives in the US, but US banking does have a worldwide scope, and most Westerners know who Thomas Jefferson was)
@_date: 2014-10-15 14:18:53
Electrum was doing this sort of thing like a year or more before BIP39 was even written.
@_date: 2014-03-07 20:47:25
This is true, we have absolutely no idea what she was exactly doing in 2009. It's entirely possible she was masterminding this whole thing all along. We can't prove it's not her so we'll just have to assume she's not involved in Bitcoin anymore only because she was Satoshi Nakamoto all along. 
After all, she hasn't responded to my Twitter PM asking her if she was Satoshi and I asked it over 24 hours ago. *What has she got to hide?*
@_date: 2014-06-30 22:09:18
Ahh, ok, that makes more sense, but then that means they just outright dropped ~18k worth of bids. They didn't give us numbers that allow us to calculate anything of value about the highest or lowest possible bids.
@_date: 2014-05-24 18:54:27
He's [done an AMA before](
@_date: 2014-07-01 21:26:57
But even that's not entirely accurate. Since they see it as property, it's not even wages. It's like working for a tradesman in order to eventually take over his tools and trade, in a sense, which we don't presently have a tax code for.
@_date: 2014-11-07 22:31:04


Why have a single centralized point of failure?
@_date: 2014-03-27 15:37:57
It's been in Eternal September since March 2013, IMHO. I used to see very intelligent comments everywhere on the forums and this subreddit, now I rarely find them.
@_date: 2014-01-07 17:02:32
I suppose this is where I diverge from policy though. Some events are so world-impacting it doesn't matter that they originated in the US. Notable would be 9/11, Boston Marathon bombing, Hurricane Katrina, etc. I would think they'd have world applicability as well.
@_date: 2014-09-29 16:00:16
Yeah, I agree that two days burn-in is probably a good idea to see if a device is going to fail or not, but the rest of this stuff is just horrible things no company should be doing. Plus they promised they wouldn't.
@_date: 2014-02-08 08:50:16
Honestly, if you're expecting that now, you shouldn't be in this, or at least, not to the extent you are. Only risk what you're willing to lose.
@_date: 2014-08-07 14:24:25
[ICMP]( is mostly the control mechanism for the "IP" part of "TCP/IP". [UDP]( is a handshake-less alternative to [TCP]( and exists on the [transport layer]( in the [OSI model]( I know it might sound like I'm being a bit pedantic, but it is important to note these differences. Bitcoin has important technical additions as well, like BIP38, Multi-Sig, and etc that will all be parts of it's regular vernacular among professionals just like IPv4 has TCP/UDP and more.
I guess what I'm saying is that you're right, but stick to calling Bitcoin just the IPv4 of money. If you want to refer to what altcoins are, you can mention IPX or IPv6 as examples. I do think some, if not a reasonable number, of alts may survive, but we can't and won't have more than about a dozen if there's not going to be any extra innovation on top of them. At present I think LTC and NMC are here to stay, not as sure about PPC (which I think was renamed? whichever the first PoS was...) and NXT and etc, but there will always be alts, I just don't think they will all have nearly the same impact as Bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-02-28 18:22:33
I'm confident what is really going on will be made more plain over time. How do you recommend we confirm he is not under a gag order?
He posted a link to 9**GAG** that made absolutely no sense, and he's making business decisions and press releases that are not consistent with the details. What kind of company intentionally runs this incompetently?
Occam's Razor suggests a government is at work here and has him gagged. Some of us happen to know its the US gov't via other channels, but I suppose I shouldn't just come right out and say it, so I've edited my original post.
@_date: 2014-02-07 22:09:02
I did the same, but it was $50k. And yes, it was a test. You do realize some folks from 2010-2011 own well more than $15k worth of Bitcoin, right? Even a $300 investment at the beginning of 2013 when it was $20 would be $15k if cashed out above $1k.
@_date: 2014-06-13 18:55:13
Sure it would have, might have even ended up worse. BTCGuild had what, 40% of the hashrate at the time? They lost their coin because they were on the new version. Suppose those were instead 4 mining ops at 10% each that had upgraded to the new version? They would have kept mining without realizing their blocks were being rejected, and each one would have had to have been notified. From what I remember, BTCGuild lost about 125 BTC due to the fork.
@_date: 2014-06-27 05:04:17
Were you just making a comment that they supplement their income via merged mining? It's been a while since I was a miner, but I don't get -- at least on the face of what you've detailed -- how the new API call has to do specifically with merged-mining. Does this mean you can prioritize transactions of Bitcoin over the other merged-mined coin?
@_date: 2014-04-22 20:48:51
BFL did pay him, to shut up. He took the BTC for it, too.
@_date: 2014-02-28 16:38:23
He hasn't lost the cold storage wallet, its just now part of a gov't-induced probe and he's under a gag order to not use it or talk about it. They lost maybe a few thousand coin total on malleability, but a run was made and people tried to withdraw and couldn't, now Gox's hot wallet ran out and they are unable to access the cold storage still. A gov't is playing hardball with MtGox's customer's money in the hopes that customers will turn on Karpeles I suppose. Not sure their motivation. They could just lift the gag order and let him access his customer's money, but it's like they are trying to make a point.
UPDATE: Now we see bankrupcy proceedings and they specify an amount of coin "lost" that just flat out doesn't make sense since we can still see it on the blockchain and they didn't declare bankrupcy at any point since it moved to that location. I highly doubt they "lost" the key, instead, they've "lost" the coin because it's part of an investigation and cannot be tapped.
EDIT: Removed "US gov't" since we presently cannot prove which government it is, but Occam's Razor would tell us the simplest explanation for the ridiculous press releases and other incompetence such as a link to 9GAG are evidence that MtGox is under a gag order.
EDIT2: Most of what I'm saying has been gleaned from evidence posted in the link below as well as personal conversations, in case anyone is wondering. I imagine there are folks more "in the loop" than myself. I've been involved in various aspects of Bitcoin for the last several years and have folks I've spoken with regularly. I've only spoken with Karpeles twice, but he's a sane and rational invidual, probably under a lot of stress as of late.
@_date: 2014-04-08 16:08:30
Ahh ok. I thought someone had accused him of selling out to the SEC at one point or another. I apologize for the mistake. I'll be honest, I never started anything at GLBSE, mostly because I wanted to have a record of who owned what shares if I started a company so that if GLBSE went down, I could repay my shareholders. Turned out that due to the fiasco after it went down, I was in the right for requesting such "unreasonable" information. I think Nefario was under the impression everyone would just trust him indefinitely.
@_date: 2014-03-03 03:58:03
So hypothetically, say I had hundreds of Bitcoin to sell. If someone from the US were to move to the UK, become a citizen, and denounce their US citizenship, wouldn't they essentially be able to sell all their coin totally tax-free?
@_date: 2014-10-21 19:35:24
You're probably not libertarian, just libertarian-leaning or a Republican that thinks Libertarianism best defines you because you're not opposed to drug legalization. Libertarians have traditionally supported decriminalizing not just drugs, but prostitution and all forms of gambling.
@_date: 2014-07-24 20:37:54


Gavin's comments were awfully harsh, IMHO.
@_date: 2014-09-26 23:52:35
If you listen to 45 minutes of the broadcast, you'll get an idea. It's really really good, actually, I know it seems ridiculous to take the time, but it's well worth your time. I listened to the whole hour of the show: (last ten minute seemed to be about something else)
@_date: 2014-03-05 20:40:47
Do you (or anyone for that matteR) know if there's a way to identify which wallets are linked to M-Pesa accounts? I'm feeling charitable.
@_date: 2014-03-27 16:13:15
Oh don't get me wrong. I would say first and foremost that Eternal September is definitely elitist. But I find as the price increases, the quality of posts decline, while as the price declines, I usually find smarter and smarter comments. You are right that June 2011 brought in a lot of fools, but most of them were gone by November 2011, IMHO.
I'm still waiting for this latest batch of fools to diminish, and even though we've seen a 50% price decline, I'm still seeing a lot of ignorant comments from folks seemingly thinking the price is going right back to $1k or more any time soon.
@_date: 2014-03-07 06:16:56
He might have even forgotten about her between the time they stopped talking and her showing up, then he didn't even remember what it was she was asking about before. As someone who programmed in the 90s regularly, I can tell you that today I can't even keep up with everything else since. I know *of* node.js, but any of the periphery apps or addons or libraries or whatnot all have names that I don't get. I can't imagine what it'll be like when I'm his age.
@_date: 2014-02-12 16:39:11
This is why I don't understand why Bitcoin has to conform to regulations and often get called a libertaritard or lolbertarian. It's so much easier to just move elsewhere, and folks seem to ignore this and attack **me** for mentioning how easy it is. Mobility to the least-regulated state is inevitable for motivated people *regardless of their political views*, I can't imagine why politicians and regulators would purposely hurt their own states or nations like this.
@_date: 2014-03-06 22:02:29
TBH, it was never really something to be proud of.
@_date: 2014-08-01 14:51:42
I've had people tell me to "be careful with that Bitcoin stuff." They've been saying this to me for the last three (almost four) years, too. I don't have the heart to tell them how many thousand percent I'm actually up on my first investment. It'd probably ease their concerns, but also increase the likelihood they turn to me when they think they need charity.
@_date: 2014-02-28 18:32:44
They simply could not have lost 700k coin. We can account for large swaths of their coin from the solvency proof transaction he did earlier this year. What Gox is saying, what has been leaked, and what we can evidence from the Blockchain do not equate.
@_date: 2014-12-22 23:08:33
The only difference between capitalism and anarcho-capitalism, as far as I can tell, anyway, is state-enforcement of property rights and intellectual property rights. Anarcho-capitalism doesn't support the existence of a state for that purpose.
Capitalism itself was a word created by Blanc and Proudhon and popularized by Marx and Engels to describe aspects of the laissez-faire economics that had evolved after Smith and Locke's slamming of Mercantilism in the centuries previous (which was originally state intervention in production and trade).
The term for what you seem to be describing is "crony capitalism", whereby the state enforces more than just property and IP rights, or selectively enforces such and subsidizes industries that shouldn't need it.
@_date: 2014-03-06 18:09:21


Yeah, that's what I mean, we're supposed to believe he wants to remain private and that he used his real name? I just don't find the story credible enough given many of these other things we know.
@_date: 2014-07-15 17:43:33
The only situation where I could even possibly see this happening would be if there was an entropy exploit. But we've already had the precedent of Android's entropy via Java being exploitable this way, and there was not a rollback of coin.
@_date: 2014-02-07 22:43:30
Maybe if the government didn't treat Bitcoiners like criminals and money launderers, said individuals wouldn't feel obligated to speak ill of it?
@_date: 2014-01-09 17:09:27
Yes, and another [comment from Matthew]( is this:


Why does it take several months to implement a new donation mechanism? He goes on to make it sound like it will cost short of $500,000 to accept Bitcoin. It appears like they have internal problems, legal challenges, or growth-related issues. I offered to donate $2000 worth if they accepted Bitcoin this year instead of the $100/year I was doing before. I wasn't rude to them via email, but I've made comments here on Reddit showing my disgust with their lack of direct acceptance of it. Several of us have [read this article]( and believe they need to accept Bitcoin, not just for ourselves, but for the sake of the oppressed. I never verbally insulted anyone in my dissent, however. Something is amiss, as these estimates of months of work and hundreds of thousands of dollars are NOT in line with modern technical challenges of accepting donations.
Lastly, [Bitpay set up a way for people to donate in Bitcoin]( and they would convert it to fiat for Wikimedia, I highly doubt that method cost months of manhours and hundreds of thousands of dollars...
Their lack of interest in accepting Bitcoin at this point when it is extremely easy to do is suspicious. There's also [other things that have been going on that are throwing flags as well]( Despite that, though, I still want to donate, I just wish they'd accept it and be done with it.
@_date: 2014-02-28 20:14:56
There isn't any because it's looking more and more like it was "stolen" by a government agency:
@_date: 2014-12-17 22:18:41
And I heard it at: 
$30 
$11 
$7 
$5 
2011 saw the value drop something like 93% from the high. It's not always going to be roses, and I'd rather see the weak hands drop it even if it means it's going to $50/coin again.
@_date: 2014-02-27 04:24:03
Congrats. I paid ~7BTC for mine back in 2011. Used it maybe twice since. :(
@_date: 2014-02-06 15:53:07
*Some* people are making that pointless case. The rest of us (and I'd venture to guess, the majority of us) think a petition is pointless and people should just stop using Apple products altogether.
@_date: 2014-06-03 17:00:43
Only in America can you have satisfied customers (granted, they were gamblers so some of them probably weren't happy), satisfied investors, and a satisfied CEO and make money for each and *still* get fined by the SEC.
@_date: 2014-06-20 16:42:10
No, your logic is not wrong, I'm not sure why you're being downvoted, honestly. It's a very fair point. So was the original poster's point, actually. This is bearish. But folks needn't downvote just because of that, 35k coins isn't a huge deal, but it's enough to be temporarily bearish on price.
@_date: 2014-03-28 16:18:37
Or that sold gold before the new vein showed up.
@_date: 2014-02-06 22:50:43
More on this here: [Apple Corps vs Apple Computer](
And [another thing I didn't like Jobs for](


@_date: 2014-11-10 19:38:35
I've heard it said that Russia losing Ukraine is like the US losing the heartland (agricultural states like Iowa, Nebraska, Kansas, Missouri, Wisconsin, etc.). For the US, losing this would almost certainly be unacceptable, as food production is the steadiest source of income for the country and in its national interests. Do you think it is likely that even in a "Westernized" Ukraine there would still be plenty of agricultural trade with Russia?
@_date: 2014-07-18 17:24:55
Kudos on the accomplishment. Glad to hear about Dell. Unfortunately today is a bad day for positive news because of the proposed New York regulations on Bitcoin.
I think we know what Circle's opinion on these Lawsky regulations are, so what are Coinbase's opinions?
@_date: 2014-11-16 01:02:39
I could see them accepting them for domain names first. Maybe some sort of secure messaging system as well.
@_date: 2014-12-16 22:51:58
There's a website for looking that up: [haschinabannedbitcoin.com](
@_date: 2014-03-31 13:38:24


I've been around for a while (since late 2010), but the amount of irrational exuberance here any time the price jumps 10-20% or more is crazy.
@_date: 2014-06-26 14:39:56
As a [minarchist]( I feel horribly underrepresented in the Bitcoin world. I do believe a government should exist with courts and police (but mostly nothing else). They should be limited to protecting people from the following:
1. Theft
2. Fraud
3. Breach of contract
4. Aggression (bodily harm)
In that sense, I think the ultimate government form serves primarily as a [night-watchman state](
I find I have a lot more in common with anarchists than I do liberals or conservatives, especially in the last two decades, but unlike the anarchists, I realize there will be some need for a government in the future, if anything to protect people from bodily harm.
I appreciate that [agorism]( is showing people the futility of modern government. But when these existing state governments ultimately fail based on debt, what take their place is going to need to be night-watchman states or we'll find it a LOT easier for random entities to simply choose the route of bodily harm for profit, theft for profit, etc.
I do understand the positions of anarchists, I just disagree with them that in a post-state world we won't have the above-mentioned list of crimes that need addressed.
@_date: 2014-05-15 21:40:01
Asset classes or debt. Either works.
@_date: 2014-09-02 19:31:19
I don't need an actual tip, but thanks for the offer!
@_date: 2014-07-28 16:30:28
Yeah, I was going to say, just think of how many of us bought video cards for 100 BTC or more in 2011. We're not complaining either, it was a fair trade at a fair price. Value changes and in many cases, we can even say it was expected.
@_date: 2014-02-27 17:34:28
Yeah I think it was like $35 shipped and the price was falling and at $5 at the time. It was easy to justify throwing $200 into Bitcoin back then because while we all knew it was going down, we didn't know when it would stabilize for sure. That ended up being at about $2.
@_date: 2014-03-27 15:41:26
I was going to say, I am one of those early libertarians that got into Bitcoin and some of the stuff I hear now that is libertarian-oriented is considerably less-informed. I agree with Yishan more than I disagree, honestly. One exception has been Andreas's explanations of various issue regarding liberty and Bitcoin.
I still see libertarians that think Bitcoin is going "to the moon" or something. It might, but I think it's much further off than they presently think. We'll see capitulation on the price and possibly double-digits again before a new all-time high.
@_date: 2014-06-03 16:52:16
Honestly, BTC-E is probably the best bet.
@_date: 2014-08-30 05:53:21
If you do this, pay all of them that have contributed code in the last two years equally, IMHO. Greg Maxwell and Jeff Garzick are two in particular, but even Mike Hearn's work can't be ignored. Disagreeing with someone on their politics or even their religion (luke-jr comes to mind) is not sufficient reason to forgo a donation.
"I never considered a difference of opinion in politics, in religion, in philosophy, as cause for withdrawing from a friend." -- Thomas Jefferson
Contributors to code should be judged only on the merits of their code.
@_date: 2014-03-23 04:21:09
I can ditto the *everyone laughed at them* part. I had someone I considered a friend from college tell me Bitcoin was the techie version of a "get rich quick scheme" and that I was a fool for buying 4 video cards to mine with in 2011, let alone the money I had *wasted* -- as he put it -- by purchasing coins earlier that year. I had family tell me not to invest everything I had in it (I didn't and was kind of offended they thought I had). I had two other friends and a coworker I begged to start mining, because I thought it would be great if they got in early with me while they could still mine with video cards. All three of them mined for a few weeks before giving up, two sold immediately as they mined.
I had one family member agree to mine with me and bought a couple video cards to do it. He was just as excited as I was.
There was a point after the drop from $33 to $2 in the second half of 2011 where I thought maybe everyone was right, but I kept at it anyway, mostly because I knew that at some point, whoever the early adopter was that was selling would either run out or decide to just hold with what he had remaining. I estimated then that |)ruid sold ~400,000 coin in total. Aside from Satoshi and Hal, I think he was probably the third biggest holder. He might have even had more than Hal since Hal claimed to have stopped after a few months, only picking it back up again sometime in late 2010.
Since I didn't expect Satoshi to sell his coin, I made a gamble and purchased a lot at the end of 2011. I sold maybe 200 Bitcoin throughout 2013, and while I wish I could say it was all at $1k or more, the vast majority of it was at $100 or less.
That said, my "college friend" isn't calling me a fool anymore. I've made my original investment back and then some.
EDIT: All that aside, I am *still* bearish on price right now. Don't put in more than you can afford to lose.
@_date: 2014-09-20 20:28:20
Ahh ok. It's been a while so I wouldn't be surprised if I was missing something.
@_date: 2014-10-20 15:25:14
Those of us born 1978-1983 seem to be thrown into both Gen X and Y depending on who is doing the talking. I remember being called GenX when I was in high school as well, but now I'm supposedly Gen Y.
@_date: 2014-07-23 17:49:13
This isn't true for the US. Regulators here believe that without their existence, the world would be a worse place, but they don't possess the ability to see that they are ignoring the corruption by the folks they used to work with who are now buying them dinners, gifts, and women from [K-Street](
Lessons to learn regarding US federal regulation:
1. [Revolving door politics](
2. [Iron Triangle](
3. [Regulatory capture](
Nothing about regulation is about freedom. It's using convoluted rules within industry, bureaucracy, and political power to hide corruption from the public.
@_date: 2014-10-31 16:28:37
Not only that, but there'd need to be a way to implement asset control so that group ownership would require permissions from at least three of five members (as an example) before being broadcast out to such a public ledger. This is starting to sound impossible, IMHO...
@_date: 2014-08-13 20:42:44
Last year, I moved ~100 Bitcoin into MtGox and the price fell from $80 to $68 before I even put in a sell order later that day. I then decided I wasn't going to deal with the long withdrawal times people were having and withdrew all of it when the price was ~$120. Before six confirmations happened, the price was back over $145. Now I'm not saying I don't believe in coincidences, but what happened was really odd. (It was also Gox, so there's that)
@_date: 2014-01-09 17:14:12
Indeed, one of the email responses says $500k and months of work to make it worthwhile. Are they serious about those estimates?
@_date: 2014-04-28 16:22:02
Okay, as I mentioned I have 10TB of space. I'm reporting it to you now. My report is my proof, can you reliably disprove my report to the rest of the peers? There isn't a mathematical way to prove I do or do not have 10TB of free space.
One the "using actual space" side, I can create one node that says they need to store 30TB of data, and then another node that says, "Yes, I am storing 30TB of data for that other node that I do not control. Also, I'm holding 550TB of data for nodes X, Y, and Z, which I promise I also do not control. What? You don't believe me? Go ask them!"
@_date: 2014-08-11 14:04:18
I always tell people they should have at least $500 or %1 of their net worth (whichever is higher) in high-risk, high-reward investments. I used to advise they buy silver for this sort of thing, now I usually propose 5% of their investments in silver/gold/bitcoin or ~$2000 in a mix of all three.
Don't invest everything into Bitcoin, just have a stake in the game. There's nothing wrong with a balanced portfolio, in fact, the one that I recommend as one of the best balanced is the concept of a [permanent portfolio]( (that you manage yourself, preferably). It's a safe investment strategy that will not beat the S&amp;P 500 most years, but seems to never lose money and gains significantly in the years that the S&amp;P500 does poorly. There's a mutual fund that tries to invest according to these mechanisms, but the fees on that mutual fund are ridiculously high. It's better to just do the same thing, but manage it yourself.
@_date: 2014-03-01 23:44:26
Yes, but we have no reason to believe he's hiding anything. We know the US is investigating Gox because the DHS has seized millions of their fiat. We haven't heard of them having seized any BTC. Why not?
Occam's Razor would rule the gag order is the simplest explanation.
@_date: 2014-02-20 22:26:05
Pretty sure it's not the libertarians who are complaining. I haven't made a single complaint, anyway. I have a Gox account from 2011 that I don't even use anymore as I haven't liked them for years now.
Also, keep in mind that this might actually be the new price and instead it's Coinbase and Bitstamp that are going to be found insolvent or crash once Gox come back up and lo and behold, all the withdrawals work.
@_date: 2014-10-08 21:45:37


In a way, that was what they did in Maryland when they accused him of ordering a hit on a former seller (who they apparently faked the death of).
@_date: 2014-03-21 15:21:46
I've done my last 3 domain registrations this way, in fact!
EDIT: Also heard good things about  (who I just checked also accepts BTC).
@_date: 2014-02-13 17:47:35
Eh, just stay involved. It'll hit a "bottom" and start building support. Once that happens, you'll want to have still gotten in on the bottom as it gets back up to four digits and beyond.
Wired ran an article one week after the bottom of the last crash called "[The Rise and Fall of Bitcoin]( It talks about Bitcoin in the past tense. The day that article came out is the day I purchased the most Bitcoin in one day than I had ever purchased before. Remember to be fearful when others are greedy and greedy when others are fearful.
@_date: 2014-11-04 15:25:59
Even the top salesman of Amway might be a relevant wiki entry if he's been part of the news outside of just Amway. Andreas helped raise money for Dorian Nakamoto and therefore became part of the public sphere. It was reported in at least a few news publications.
@_date: 2014-04-25 14:18:45
No, you're not understanding what I'm saying. Satoshi's email in the public PGP DB at MIT is here:
But, the point is, ANYONE can add ANY key to ANY email. We have no evidence that the Satoshi who created Bitcoin is the owner of the private keys for those public keys associated with that gmx address.
If you want me to prove this to you, you can post an email address you control and I'll go register a public key on the MIT server for your email address in the same fashion.
The point is, no one has verified Satoshi actually *used* that key from 2008, so it is possible, and perhaps even likely, that it is not his PGP key.
@_date: 2014-09-29 16:19:27
No FTC, just police and courts. Since you seem to be confused about what a minarchist is, [here's a wiki link](
@_date: 2014-04-18 19:11:54
I didn't approve of or contribute to the advertisement. 
Again, your original point about "zero intrinsic value" is a misnomer.
@_date: 2014-07-29 14:48:22
If email was regulated like finance:
1. Sysadmins would have to collect a gov't-issued photo id and utility bill of the last 6 months for users to make a registered account. You'll notify the state office of a new unique ID in your system, but don't have to transfer any personal data (yet).
2. Emails would be routinely scanned for "trigger words", no encryption allowed on any messages, if encryption was spotted, it'd need to trigger an account lock and state office notification for "illegal-like messaging", you know, the stuff that child pornographers and drug cartels do. The state office will also routinely identify users who have received "messages of interest" that they will need the personal data on.
3. The authority to open port 25 (SMTP) on a server to incoming traffic would require registration with a state office proving you have the space to handle the emails that your clients will be receiving. If you cannot prove you have at least 1 GB per registered user (that you have identity verification of, mind you), you will be in violation.
4. Users that regularly exceed 50 MB of non-cat picture traffic in a month need to be reported to the state office. They aren't in violation or anything, we just need suspicious-activity reports.
@_date: 2014-07-16 21:50:06
While I haven't done this with Wells Fargo, I have done it with a farmed out loan to USBank, this was also done in Des Moines. I'm not sure of the process they used to verify or underwrite, but they were happy with it. I just gave all the info to the Credit Union gal I was working with that resold the loan to USBank because it was a commercial property at the time.
@_date: 2014-10-17 21:58:01
I'm a minarchist libertarian, but I think many anarchists prefer to refer to themselves as libertarian. We can't exactly *deny* it to them, either. Many agree with the NAP, for instance, and in many cases would argue that minarchists do not.
@_date: 2014-07-27 21:18:29
It was probably |)ruid actually, he was behind the first crash of 2011, most estimates put the number of coin he sold then at ~400k, it's possible he had another $1 million worth around January that he thought he should sell as well. It would have had less of an impact today, though, $1 million sold isn't a huge deal when people are buying $15 million worth on auction.
Some of the early adopters don't like talking about how much they own, but I think it's safe to say he's a multi-millionaire today.
@_date: 2014-07-09 18:06:15
This is probably the best news of the last year. And yes, I'm including Bitcoin hitting $500, $1k, and etc. Now all we need is one other major Bitcoin company to release multisig and we'll have great competition in this space. 
I'm an avid multisig Armory user, but even I realize that a lot of people have issues with Armory's complexity. I also like CoinKite, but they are just too new for a large amount of Bitcoiners to trust them (though I imagine they will build respect over time).
@_date: 2014-03-06 19:15:07


This isn't entirely true. She had the right to stand on public property or nearby and likely told him and the cops she'd continue to. The cops probably encouraged him to talk to her so they could move along. I don't know how much this story meant to her, and I'm not trying to flat out say she's lying, but given all the circumstantial evidence she compiled, her decision to hang around outside someone's house long enough that they call the cops is borderline harassment. I'd say anything in front of cops to get someone off my property if they were harassing me, including whatever it was they wanted me to say. 
Of course, I'd regret it later if they then posted a huge article saying I was some guy that supposedly owns $400 million dollars, but the present threat is more immediately apparent.
@_date: 2014-07-07 17:37:52
Or it'll be co-opted by the governments of the world and people will be forced to pay taxes in it so it'll eventually be worth millions per coin. Either could happen, which do you find more likely?
@_date: 2014-07-03 16:01:36
I had a backchannel way of requesting access and still wasn't given an account. I kind of doubt the service is legit at the moment, but if anyone here is in fact using it, even if they can't disclose screenshots or anything, it'd be nice to know there actually is some use out there. I'm starting to wonder if it's a DOA project that is just losing money. 
I know they had a funding round recently from Breyer Capital, Accel Partners, General Catalyst Partners, and Oak Investment Partners, but they [started in October 2013]( and just over a month later they are [testifying to Congress on the validity of Bitcoin]( not sure what their overall plan is, but they've been around 9 months and still don't have a product as far as anyone can tell. With Coinbase now doing Vaults, I'm wondering how viable a finished Circle product will be.
I'm equally disturbed as the rest of the folks on here that they think it's important to control Bitcoin's protocol development without a released product. Even Blockchain.info doesn't try to tell the Bitcoin devs what to do and still makes money.
@_date: 2014-07-22 21:33:39
IMHO, Apple is far over-priced, though. So are all of the top ten by market cap, in fact. I appreciate the sentiment, but I don't think this is a very fair way to put it. It could be that all these stocks are over-valued, and Bitcoin is right where it should be as a payments-processor company.
So maybe you should ask, is Bitcoin really [worth a fourth of VISA]( at $50,000?
@_date: 2014-07-05 01:43:31
No it's not, but I've also sold gold and silver in the past and they are taxed as collectibles (28% rate). Bitcoin is like other capital gains and at 15%. The taxes for all of those (metals, securities, Bitcoin) were still due on April 15th. That 28% applies for any gold or silver, coins or bars, unless they are ETFs, then they sell at a different rate which is more beneficial to the investor for tax purposes. That's why stocks like GLD and SLV took off. While a Bitcoin ETF is going to be a nice and convenient way to invest in Bitcoin, it won't be like the value that a Gold or Silver ETF provides investors.
Basically, from what I understand having talked with two different accountants last year about Bitcoin and my business, anything that is "sale" related doesn't fall into a monthly requirement. 
In fact, even if you claim 0 on your taxes, you aren't penalized in April for not paying during every month of the last year, you'll just owe more when you finally pay in April. Now I'm not a tax lawyer or accountant, but I do know what I've paid in the past on both Bitcoin and precious metals and the only way I know of where you can get penalized for not paying taxes every month is on business gains or if you ran a business that didn't even report your own income month-to-month. 
I can tell you with all honesty, it's not worth it to run a business, at least in my state. Especially a bitcoin mining business, but I was just running arbitrage. I paid in the five figures in taxes between both state and federal last year and the amount that was taken was damn near half of my business gains. Even just the federal amount was something like %35, it was ridiculous and really gave me a new respect for small businesses that actually hire scores of employees and are somehow able to make profits. It seems to me that the costs and risks are just too high to really succeed.
@_date: 2014-07-18 17:07:41
Or if judges just ignore it, or if the cost to bring legislation to the Supreme Court is costly.
It costs legislators nothing to make a law but one freedom-loving individual countless thousands (if not millions) to eliminate it.
@_date: 2014-08-11 17:40:28
It is, I hope Mike keeps improving the product.
Another thing to keep in mind is that the people who own these bars and even the 25 BTC coins probably have Bitcointalk.org forum accounts or Bitcoin-OTC accounts and can confirm they are an early adopter if they need to.
For example, I carried a 25 BTC Casascius coin around in my pocket for so long that the public Bitcoin address eventually wore off. I still have the public address, however, and I believe it is possible it would sell for at least 20 BTC based on a promise that it is real alone and confirmation of my Bitcoin-OTC account from early 2011.
You have to consider who is selling it and how likely it is that it is legitimate.
@_date: 2014-02-28 17:25:59
Some of us have more information on this than you imagine, but can't reveal the proof without hurting others.
In particular, at least two of the speculations in here have been confirmed independently for me:
@_date: 2014-02-19 02:58:32
Well, I guess it depends on if you think others are doing the same or arbitraging it. If enough people use the same buy and hold strategy, you're right, it should clear up on Gox and then nothing happens on the other exchanges. Meanwhile, if folks who previously had hundreds of thousands or millions of dollars in Gox withdraw, that could put some pretty downward affects on the price at other exchanges.
Not saying it *has* to happen, but watch what happens tomorrow, should be interesting...
@_date: 2014-02-03 17:16:10
It's a bit more nuanced than that, though.
I have a significant amount I *could* sell, but I've already sold a reasonable amount for fiat as of last year. I'm presently waiting to see what the tax implications will be on this amount to determine if I should hoard or sell accordingly.
In the meantime, like many others, I'm waiting to purchase on dips, but they are becoming less frequent. I presently believe there's at least one large financial institution within the US that is Bitcoin-hungry, but not willing to drive the price up, instead, they appear to be gobbling up the larger sell orders between $1-$5 million at a time. Even a cursory glance at the last 7 days of trading shows this to be the case across all exchanges (aside from Gox and the Chinese ones). Some Western institution is keeping the price from falling right now.
Also, a quick shout-out to old miners and old traders using [Bitcoin Days Destroyed]( that is one of those best-kept secrets and a good indicator of when to accumulate and when to sell. I know a number of people knock me for using it, but it's been a great tool and has made me far more than it has lost me over time.
Now is the time to silently accumulate and simply wait out [whoever moved this old coin]( around December 20th. [I have my suspicions]( but I can't tell if he's actually selling now that he acquired it or not. It's pretty clear he [still owns a significant amount of coin]( regardless, which is slightly bearish on price.
@_date: 2014-07-30 17:26:20
Yeah, I'm just happy to have the option, honestly.
@_date: 2014-11-15 22:13:56
You're right. If people think donators care, how come the donators don't complain? The only two complainers were goat and augusto croppo, and they previously complained that the new forum wasn't being worked on. Now they complain that it *is* being worked on.
Seriously, if you think the donators are upset, PM them and get their opinions, here's the list:
@_date: 2014-03-12 14:56:58
Just spent over $100 on Overstock last night. Previously I've purchased miners, toys, domain names (namecheap), etc. with Bitcoin. Not everyone uses it as a speculative investment all of the time. If you convert say 10% of your income into Bitcoins once per month, it gets easier to spend them regularly.
@_date: 2014-03-06 21:41:11
I do remember using Bitcoin-Android but I didn't think it supported QRcodes till later. I stand corrected I guess?
@_date: 2014-07-14 18:52:18
(ie, the present world government system)
@_date: 2014-07-16 14:50:23
The second one isn't a bad question, but the first is the equivalent of asking someone "How much do you have stored in your bank accounts?"
@_date: 2014-12-24 15:47:04
This is probably the most accurate thing ever said on Regardless of how professional of an investor you think you are, there's someone out there thinking even longer term than you are and owns more of an asset than you do and is more comfortable with their trading strategy.
@_date: 2014-09-26 23:44:44
I really doubt they want to draw attention to this. The one thing the Federal Reserve has always needed is not being in the public eye. They can discredit a "crank" like Ron Paul who's always hated them, but one of their own, especially whose intent was clearly to do her job, and was punished for it, well, that's not going to end well in the court of public opinion, and they'd just as soon the public not know about this.
@_date: 2014-02-10 16:03:32
Exactly, I don't care what they do. They are illegitimate mouthpieces of the Bitcoin community anyway.
@_date: 2014-02-19 02:54:09
Wait, there's no fixed cap? Like, ever? Even Freicoin based it's demurrage on a fixed cap.
@_date: 2014-12-04 22:53:20
Yeah, I'm not sure where I read it, but a reporter once asked him what his greatest achievement as president was, and before he could even finish the question, Jackson immediately replied, "I killed the bank!"
Everyone seemed to be universally-opposed or didn't care about the big banks then. The central bank supporters at the time mostly resolved to just sit back and do nothing after it failed, even though there was a lot of claims of how the world was going to fall apart if the bank went away. 
It wasn't till a few folks were doing runs on commodities and causing large financial scares that killed a bunch of junks banks in the 1907 panic that  they were able to pave the way for the Federal Reserve and system of credit that we have today.
@_date: 2014-01-30 19:53:35


That won't happen. Satoshi, a man who values his privacy so highly he was willing to abandon the project to keep it, has 2 million coin that the developers and folks at the Foundation keep saying he will never spend to keep his identity hidden. But that's enough BTC to increase the market cap of any other Altcoin anonymously, so I'm not sure what the developers are thinking here by NOT implementing something like Zerocoin or better into the protocol. It would seem to me that it's quite silly to flirt with the idea of appeasing lawmakers or law enforcers with increased coin visibility when that same coin was created by and still highly held by a person that valued anonymity above all else.
@_date: 2014-02-11 04:51:47
Whichever of those three countries limits Bitcoin first is going to lose a lot of talent to the other two. Do you seriously think these three countries are going to universally agree to ban Bitcoin?
@_date: 2014-03-17 05:52:34


Yes, and I challenge that assertion. There was a sale for 125k or so of coin, but he didn't own 100% of the company. He had shareholders to pay, lots of them in fact. Additionally, hundreds of thousands of coin have been sold since the sale of SatoshiDice, and EV is likely to have sold more than just the 550 he lost on Gox when it went down as the price was climbing. It's not like those of who have been involved in Bitcoin for the last several years have ONLY hoarded coin incessantly.
@_date: 2014-03-06 20:17:42


That the cops showed up?
@_date: 2014-09-26 19:29:29
They make money because what you do on the blockchain is what they are selling to interested 3rd parties.
@_date: 2014-04-21 15:23:15


Source? I was around during this time and do not remember theymos having made anything off this. Nefario's exchange and theymos had a relationship, but not pirate AFAIK.
@_date: 2014-05-15 17:22:49
Yes, this makes it extremely easy to transfer someone's debt around. This is basically the answer to all the folks complaining that "Bitcoin is backed by nothing". Now it can be backed by anything.
Suppose you work in IT and own 10 Bitcoin and you want to quit your job and do freelance IT work for a period of time. You'll take those 10 Bitcoin and split them into 100 units of $50/hour work at .1 BTC, then offer about half of them up for sale for non-colored coin at your labor's markup, so if .1 BTC equals $44.9, you'd basically offer to sell .1 BTC of your colored coin for $94.9/coin, then do the labor for anyone that "turns in" the colored coin. The better the job you do, the more valuable the coin will probably become, and whoever buys it from you might end up reselling it to someone else they know that needs IT work done instead. Since you have half of the coin yourself, you can just issue out more if your work get stagnant to get some quick funds during the downtime, and then when it picks back up you'll reaccumulate those colored coin so you can eventually reissue some more.
Instead of selling it for USD though, we already have Bitcoin, so you could potentially instead sell your .1 BTC colored coin for .211 BTC of non-colored coin. And there may be people who would take the risk and pay you that much for it, too, especially if they thought that someday down the road they'd want to use an hour or more of your services.
Most freelance IT consultants should probably charge around $100 per billable hour anyway, so you're likely taking a decrease in pay to be able to work for someone that is familiar with Bitcoin already. On the flipside, someone looking to hire someone for IT help might be willing to pay a premium to get an IT worker that also is familiar with Bitcoin, so you might be able to actually charge more, which is why you should probably issue more colored coin than you sell, so if the price increases on your colored coin, you can sell some of them to take advantage of that price increase.
Essentially, if we have reliable colored coin, I'm not sure why anyone in the Bitcoin world would prefer to use Kickstarter. That said, there's a lot of potential abuse here (no worse than Kickstarter, though), but people who are true to their word are likely to increase the value of the colored coin they issue, and might even see it increase to a quite significant premium on top of Bitcoin itself.
@_date: 2014-04-28 16:36:11
Exactly, they promise these coin in bulk to exchanges who buy them at low amounts, like $100/coin or less, and then in return, they don't do the transaction/transfer till after the dealer/exchange has sold out of their existing coin slowly over time. Then they transfer the coin they won to their wallets and wait for some new coin to be confiscated.
The slow price drop over time is someone with an effective bot that is programmed to try to dump as much as it reasonably can without affecting the market price. Doesn't change the fact it's still trying to dump several hundred thousand coin.
@_date: 2014-02-24 04:41:16
It bothers me this comment is downvoted. What crowning achievement has ever come out of the Bitcoin Foundation other than coddling regulators in order to artificially inflate the price?
@_date: 2014-10-31 16:31:59
Not a ELI5, but [the wiki portal that covers Libertarianism]( is a good non-biased source. They list criticisms of every type, among anarchists, minarchists, and statists.
@_date: 2014-08-08 20:46:36
Due to the lack of fraud in Bitcoin, they could offer a slight incentive (1-5% off) to offset the costs of their potential customers who purchase it regularly. It'll obviously depend on the price of the goods and the level of fraud they experience for what they're selling. This isn't really a huge ordeal for a lot of merchants that run into fraud regularly. But maybe I'm biased because I've experienced dealing with processing fees and fraud directly.
@_date: 2014-05-31 16:01:43
A lot of these guys really don't understand how to value Bitcoin. While I agreed with him on the "asset bubble" comment, it was strictly for technical reasons. I believed it was possible for it to drop to $50, but I considered $200 the low to be safe in many of my comments. 
Economists and other financial folks evaluating this don't have four years of following the currency behind them. Since 2010, I've seen asset bubbles come and go, and each time they tend to stop around the level where miners are no longer making a profit. There are people who are willing to mine Bitcoin even at no profit, but what they do is also buy at these prices, which eventually will trigger off another increase.
I know a lot of folks talked about the 2013 "bubble", but in all honesty, for most miners there was a bubble throughout 2012 as well. Once the price of Bitcoin rebounded from the $2 low of November 2011, it was always profitable to mine, with GPU or FPGA, and the price was low enough that spending a few thousand here or there could net you a couple hundred coins, a lot of us old miners did just that. As the price continued to increase and then ASICs came out, it became clear the whole basis was now going to shift, runaway increases in difficulty was making GPU mining unprofitable, while the new ASIC miners were accumulating/hoarding. It was very clearly a bubble, yes, but it was also clear the new interest in Bitcoin was going to drive a new wave of Bitcoin miners that would inevitably form this new basis at or around the $50-$200 level.
@_date: 2014-03-10 14:17:23
Some may actually be willing to dabble with having a percentage of their pay done via Bitcoin. I know some employees from the Internet Archive went that route after I donated 5BTC to them.
I used to donate ~$100/year to Wikimedia, but I stopped. I think for the last two years I've promised $1,000 worth of BTC in donations to your staffers that respond to my response of the three "donation request emails" I get per year.
As to why I'm so adamant on Wikipedia accepting BTC:
I also prefer to donate larger amounts anonymously in many cases, as someone who receives over five thousand is likely to come back and bug me for more money later on. I sometimes like to donate even larger amounts but do so anonymously and keep my regular donations at reasonable rates and for tax write-offs like a good little citizen.
I know the media likes to paint you as a libertarian when it comes to speech, but I'm a libertarian when it comes to my finances as well. It's none of **anyone's** business how much money I have or who I'm giving it to. Including government.
@_date: 2014-12-26 15:39:45
BTC-E *does* seem to affect some smaller alts, but yeah, I'd disagree it affects BTC or LTC to any significant degree. At least, not anymore.
@_date: 2014-10-07 20:06:05
The biggest argument against it is that it's already a currency symbol, though. I don't like Ƀ representing a Bitcoin, but as representing a "bit" or "μBTC" I wouldn't think would be a huge deal for most folks.
There was a [discussion back in 2010]( on this exact topic. No real consensus, but most people adopted the double-line B after Hal Finney recommended it.
There was also once [a Bitcointalk discussion]( on the name of a smaller currency unit. Not sure any sort of consensus came out of it.
@_date: 2014-07-22 15:26:31
Was this removed? I didn't see it when I took it.
@_date: 2014-06-30 23:32:01
He's a really good example of why "don't touch the poop" used to be a commonly held rule among troll or satire communities. Turns out, some of them really do think they need to defend inflammatory statements and generalizations.
@_date: 2014-03-07 19:36:42
So a government gag order to explain the silence/absurdity isn't such a stupid claim now, eh?
@_date: 2014-11-14 16:14:24


Because of a few very vocal donators. To be quite frank, the opinion of non-donators is pretty pointless considering its not their money. Ironically, the very first thing these few vocal donators did once theymos announced he was finally working on the forum is they switched from complaining about how there was no new forum to now complaining about how he was building a new forum. Given that BigMoneyGuy didn't bother responding to my post, I'll assume he is either goat or augusto, both of which were guilty of complaining about there NOT being a new forum then complaining when theymos spent the money as well. He's either one of them, or not actually a donator.
@_date: 2014-06-27 17:07:18
No, I'm quite certain he wanted the federal government to do less. Far less. But he had no support for that idea, so he simply refused to grow government. That was the purpose of his comment, and it invigorated a public that thought likewise at the time.
@_date: 2014-04-18 16:34:45
4) You value your privacy and are buying digital assets with coin that cannot be easily traced to your identity. 
5) You need to send money internationally without 5% or more in fees. 
6) The person you are sending money to is at risk of a bank account freeze or operating in a nation where money is routinely confiscated due to political, religious, or cultural reasons.
@_date: 2014-02-28 19:59:00
@_date: 2014-03-27 18:46:01
Oh yeah, I'm subscribed. Content is lighter, but more thought out there for sure.
@_date: 2014-03-03 06:56:22
I trust them to provide the correct instructions in addition to my own, yes. But things change over time, so it's good to have a backup person I can refer them to if they have problems. 
It's different when you've done deals with people for about a hundred coin and know they are kind of "set for life" and have the same investment ideas as you. If you do more than just hoard coin you'll find there are folks you can trust over time.
Also, consider this. Do you really trust your bank? Sure, you think they're obligated to follow all sorts of legal procedures, but they can run a fractional reserve legally. The government "guarantees" you'll get your money, but ask anyone that was affected by Indymac closure or any other bank that went under how that actually ends up working out IRL. It's often weeks/months of time whereby you actually don't have access to your money, and some people are still fighting to figure out loans, CDs, and etc. Not everything gets insured.
That said, you do trust your bank, because they are handling millions of dollars of money and you probably don't care about the tens of thousands you yourself may have saved up. But when it comes to millions of dollars who do you trust? Who *can* you trust? Bitcoin let's us be our own banker, but we should set up contingency plans, even if it involves multiple parties.
@_date: 2014-11-04 18:38:58
You're exactly right. Uber even had to make [posts to their blog]( to address the fact they were more expensive than taxis. It wasn't about price, they indicated, it was about quality of service. Now that they have gotten over the hurdle and are price competitive, the cabs are whining, but early on they thought Uber was too expensive to make it.
@_date: 2014-09-26 23:46:17
You forgot the Magnetar one, which they won an award for:
If you've never heard this one, it's the best 36 minutes of investigative journalism on radio I've probably ever heard.
@_date: 2014-08-05 18:53:20


You'll have to forgive me for not being clear on the math of the birthday paradox, but at what point do we have a 1% chance of there being collisions?
@_date: 2014-12-16 21:02:15
A US federal reserve governor has mentioned, twice, that "The Cyprus Solution" [is the way they will resolve a future too-big-too-fail bank going under](
@_date: 2014-04-24 15:01:34
1.57% presently. I'd round it up to 2% before lopping it off to 1%.
Also, if you consider the very likely scenario that [about ~900k is in wallets owned by Satoshi]( and was never spent and possibly never will be spent since the man/group loved his privacy so much, the market cap decreases and that percentage increases.
If you consider that another ~200k or so is probably in lost wallets, not including the ~45k that a polish exchange destroyed in 2011, the number increases to encompass even more of the market cap.
@_date: 2014-09-10 17:23:04


It's becoming clear that in the Bitcoin world there is no such thing as *common-sense* or *fair* regulation.
"One has not only a legal but a moral responsibility to obey just laws. Conversely, one has a moral responsibility to disobey unjust laws." -- Martin Luther King Jr.
"Government's view of the economy could be summed up in a few short phrases: If it moves, tax it. If it keeps moving, regulate it. And if it stops moving, subsidize it." -- Ronald Reagan
"I sometimes wish that people would put a little more emphasis upon the observance of the law than they do upon its enforcement." -- Calvin Coolidge
@_date: 2014-02-12 16:36:03
Occam's Razor would indicate it could be that now that the cat's out of the bag, large numbers of nodes are running modified clients to try to fake out the withdrawal systems of other exchanges.
@_date: 2014-09-19 19:45:54
"And thus Saint Benjamin stepped forward with his scabbard and blade delivering his demands to the righteous, that they would obey his Word. With bended knee, archangel Tyler and archangel Cameron bowed their heads in shame, setting about preparing the chains, turning to the righteous, and binding them" -- Book of Regulations 10:17
@_date: 2014-07-05 01:11:58
That's only income/salary gains, for personal asset sales it's taxed as property. If this was the case then people would be penalized per month for not paying taxes on a car sale. It's the sale itself that is taxed, not the monthly accumulation. 
If it were income from running a car business then yes, he'd owe for each month as he gets it and would be required to pay any penalties accordingly.
@_date: 2014-01-16 00:53:29
The fact that this got upvoted... Please never lose your sense of humor...
@_date: 2014-03-06 16:42:14
Thanks for pointing this out, I edited it.
@_date: 2014-12-23 00:30:26
And this is why you don't trade penny stocks... Or well, anything on pink sheets, anyway.
@_date: 2014-09-11 17:53:38
Yeah, Avalon had theirs in Januaryish, though. Didn't start shipping till Feburary. I think pictureonwall is more right than wrong, but there were a number of factors in play and the rise from November's halving till February was quite small compared to what came after that.
@_date: 2014-10-06 19:32:08
Increased block size means more space required (and bandwidth, though the present change isn't as controversial) which means more money to run a full node, basically.
To a certain extent you could say this change compromises a small bit of the democracy of the blockchain for the potential of an increased adoption rate.
One reason why this is less controversial today (as opposed to, say, 2011) is that the major adopters who are using Bitcoin to run day-to-day operations can easily and affordably scale their nodes (miners, exchanges, etc.). 
End users are the ones least capable of scaling to handle increased block size, and end users have always been the driving force behind adoption. It's not as easy to convince your friend to use Bitcoin if there's an additional layer of trust, and if you're not running your own full node there's an additional layer of trust involved *somewhere* within the process. (Even if that trust is just ensuring the transaction makes it to the network)
That said, there's plenty of people not running full nodes that are getting by just fine now, so I don't think Gavin's really asking the community for too much. I think the biggest difference is that this is kind of a change in tone, we'd now be working towards transaction scaling and not worrying as much about blockchain size or block size which increases bandwidth costs.
@_date: 2014-03-16 22:37:00
He presumably has that many from [the sale of SatoshiDice]( Positronix's numbers are exaggerated, however, as there were shareholders that were paid off and Voorhees has likely sold at least some of what he made on the sale as well as lost some in the MtGox hack.
Besides, is it even EV that made this bet?
@_date: 2014-03-27 18:51:05


No, I'm not, and frankly I'm tired of seeing posts like this. Everyone is expected to believe Mark K. somehow is willingly remaining quiet about this, and they presume it's because he's trying to "steal" the coin. If so, it'd have to be the dumbest theft in the history of robberies because we can see the Blockchain and can see he's not moving the coins.
The last remaining argument that had any merit was gross incompetence caused him to "lose" the coin, and now that they've acknowledged being able to recover 200k coin, and others are saying possibly even more might be available soon, that's out the window as well. The only explanation that satisfies all the facts surrounding the situation is that they are/were gagged and prevented from moving the coin.
@_date: 2014-09-18 22:39:20
I tell people to stop investing money into Bitcoin and instead invest their lives. It's a technological marvel, not a get-rich-quick scheme.
@_date: 2014-09-07 03:33:35
It sounds like he's recommending the nullification route. There seems to be some precedence of this. Wyoming and a few other states are nullfying some federal laws presently, most notably, Obamacare. So far, no consequences. Those were state mandates, though, not sure if a local jurisdiction can just up and say "this federal law doesn't apply here."
@_date: 2014-08-21 04:58:03
I am an unmarried person that invested less than he should have when Bitcoin was sub $1. That said, I'm still doing quite well because I invested in early 2011 as opposed to at any point later than that.
I think part of the allure of Bitcoin is the fact that all these other people like me that invested in 2010/2011 have not sold massive amounts of their coin. The reason? They, like myself, know that Bitcoin is very nearly the best representation of "medium of exchange" for any existing currency out there, barring the alts, which have proven to be horrible "stores of value" mostly due to premining and lack of developer interest.
I remember reading in science fiction stories and seeing in movies this idea of "credits". To me, Bitcoin is the "credits" of these movies and stories. It's electronic, digital, and secure, and I honestly think it's time that the world has such a currency of the future. The scarcity alone is enough to ensure it will still be something we're talking about a century from now, let alone a decade.
Fiat money has absolutely nothing beating that. Nothing at all. Like the altcoins, it has serious problems with being an actual "store of value" that prohibit it from seeing real success.
@_date: 2014-03-27 15:27:47
Sure, [Karples publicly and not privately purchased MtGox from Jed]( They even disclosed specific arrangements on the forums and IRC at the time to ease investors who expected a huge dump of coins on the market. Do you think Coinbase would do the same if they were sold to say, Facebook, today? Maybe, but probably not.
MtGox provided people [with an API to test]( shortly after Tux took over. He [answered frequently asked questions publicly]( He [explained the Russian DDoS attacks, publicly]( He even later [offered to share his DDoS protection with other Bitcoiners](
He posted regular updates for international customers who had questions (even about hack attempts), just a few examples are [here]( [here]( and [here]( They hosted the Bitcoin wiki for a long while, and offered incentives to pay people who updated it (view Mark's signature on any of these links).
Gox as a whole stopped using the forums as much as they got bigger and used their blog or Twitter for updates, but they have never purposely avoided the community's questions till after the seizures in Q2 2013 and even then they did things like prove they owned coin and etc. Only very recently have they been unable to answer many questions at all, and it's probably because when people asked about withdrawals, they would be forced to say "well we have the Bitcoin, but we can't get to it because those wallets are seized by the gov't."
I'm pretty confident that once pressure starts mounting on the government responsible for holding things up, we'll start seeing people refunded, but until then, I believe Mark's caught between a gag order and his responsibilities to his customers. Get rid of the gag order and MtGox returns to normal and bites whatever few hundred or thousand of lost coins they *did* presumably lose to TM.
@_date: 2014-02-11 17:08:27


The price is going down from here till Aprilish.
@_date: 2014-04-28 14:17:44
It's not. There's no reliable way to have someone "prove" they are providing a specific number of Terrabytes of storage space. This has been tried before and doesn't work. I have 10TB of space I intend to commit to Maidsafe, and I'm looking forward to seeing it come out, but I don't think it is going to fix this problem.
@_date: 2014-06-19 15:37:48


Exactly, everyone should regularly be reading Organ of Corti's [Neighbourhood Pool Watch](
@_date: 2014-11-04 19:13:13
I think even if they did know an exact date, they have to release that information in a specific way, they couldn't just drop a random date during a TV interview or tell a random person who emailed them, either. Sticky legal and ethical obligations.
@_date: 2014-01-22 21:11:34
I am not aware of this. In fact, when I asked my bank about it, they said even transactions under $500 would qualify me to register as an MSB due to specific state laws.
@_date: 2014-06-28 04:21:50




Sorry, but no matter what way you spin these, its just another way of saying "government". How are all the governments of the world any different from what is described? We have what we have today because people always want more out of their slimmed-down courts and defense agencies. Inevitably they'll just grow into new governments. This is precisely my point. Sure, maybe they'd just be defense and courts for one, maybe two full generations, but eventually they'll evolve into what we have today.
@_date: 2014-04-07 22:26:31
He wasn't necessarily a straight-up scammer, but the way he handled the outage/downtime of his stock exchange was similar to how Karples is handling Gox right now, which is, he was saying things inconsistent to the blockchain and records users had, there was suspicion that a US Three-Letter-Agency was gagging him, there was suspicion that he was straight up stealing from people, etc.
I believe things got really bad when there was a vote from the board of the exchange to become SEC-compliant and AFAIK, the vote was not in favor of doing so, yet Nefario took steps to do it anyway. That really drove the TLA-gagging angle forward.
@_date: 2014-01-15 14:27:18


There are more things we could be doing technologically if we allowed higher bandwidth rates to specific sites than if we were forced to provide the same bland connection to every site. It's a form of censorship in that those who could afford a "Netflix-only" connection are being actively denied it under the guise of "Network Neutrality" and are being forced to settle with a sub-par Internet connection.
Given enough "Netflix-only" connections, it might be possible that cable companies would radically reshape their normal package rates to force channels to compete on an even scale. Instead this process has happened MUCH SLOWER than normal. Almost everyone hates the way their cable company bundles packages, but they still do it the same way as they did last decade and the decade before that.
I speak about censorship, because NN prevents interesting services (like a Netflix-only Internet) from being tested or implemented. Hence, censorship, denying people access to something they could otherwise be able to afford.
If it helps, imagine it was the other way around and there already were Netflix-only services and someone said that such a service was wrong and that equal access to the Internet *had* to be given, so the Netflix-only would have to be downgraded to a crappy "everything on the Internet but really slow" rate at the same price? Or that in order to keep the same rate of speed to Netflix they'd now be forced to pay an additional $20 to ensure the rest of their Internet access was "equal". We'd have a lot of pissed off people on the Internet. All we're doing right now is limiting innovation for the sake of "equality of access", and we're not even sure everyone even prefers equality of access right now. We know *we* do. And yes, if NN wasn't enforced, I'd still want to pay for "regular and equal" Internet access, but I'm different in that I can afford to pay it, while there might be people out there that cannot and I'd hate to deny them a service if they could use it.
@_date: 2014-09-19 18:50:57


He's known for a crash from $8 to $4 in July 2012, and the August crash of 2012 from $15 down to $7.50 or so. In fact, the Winklevosses are believed to be the folks that "broke" him as they kept buying everything he sold.
@_date: 2014-07-06 06:57:14
That makes sense, I guess they figure that's the day trader's ordinary income. It was definitely a blow to any form of beneficial investing for a lot of us that did some dotcom trading. I did some, but not much. :/
@_date: 2014-05-18 15:54:54
Does it say in the Circle ToS they aren't reselling that information?
@_date: 2014-01-22 21:10:47
At this point, I'm both a miner and trader. In fact, I know of no "miner-only" Bitcoiners anymore. That might have been feasible in 2011, but it isn't anymore.
@_date: 2014-04-21 15:58:26


There would need to be a PIN or something else, though. Otherwise, what's the difference between someone at the checkout counter clicking on your picture to accept payment and a thief sniffing for pictures of people walking around him using the same tech?
@_date: 2014-06-30 02:36:33
I guess I thought you were being sarcastic. I was adding to the fact that he is also incorrect on the results being released *publicly*, which "[announce]( means. They won't be. At least, they don't intend to release the winners officially. I guess we'll see if their record of failing to understand the different between CC and BCC continues. 
They will *inform* the winners, but they won't *announce* them.
@_date: 2014-02-08 08:47:58
No, but he acknowledges it is hearsay, which means at least *his* account is likely legitimate. Doesn't mean the manager he spoke to is actually privy to any inside info.
@_date: 2014-10-15 18:41:39
So how are they going to differentiate between the guy running a bank out of his garage and a guy running a beta of "Be-your-own-bank" software out of his garage? Can I do like Google did with gmail and keep my beta in effect for 3 or more years while servicing *only* $2 million in revenue?
I don't like how he thinks just saying that they aren't going to kill startups somehow solves the concerns.
@_date: 2014-02-19 18:08:16
@_date: 2014-09-19 19:02:59
Yeah, anyone that even suggested the onus was Shavers to explain how he was making the money was criticized thoroughly. It was a very hostile environment. I always tell people since then that "If someone cannot explain how they are making you money, then *you* are the way *they* make money."
@_date: 2014-08-20 21:13:05
I'd also like to comment that non-programmers view disagreements between developers as having more vitriol than they often actually do. Even during the BIP 16 &amp; 17 days, Gavin and Luke mostly disagreed on proper (OP_EVAL or not) implementation if I remember correctly, and Turing (in)completeness.
Genjix did a [writeup on this issue here](
I think Reddit would be better off evaluating comments as being more arguments over the proper solution, not people just hindering for hinderance's sake. Let each of the developers address their concerns and see how things change.
@_date: 2014-06-03 17:45:20
Actually, I don't encourage him to invest in it, I've just told him as it continues to increase I'll be fine, if it falls I still have my day job so I'll also be fine. I told them to be prepared financially for the world to change drastically over the next decade and to never take anything for granted. Also, to be wary of who they trust, *especially* in the financial world. 
I also manage some Bitcoin for them, but they don't even know it yet. When they hit 65 they're in for a surprise.
@_date: 2014-02-18 18:15:08
It's rumored to be "ads" of some sort. They are kind of annoying though as they increase the fees you need to respend them and muck around with the clients ability to transfer right away since they take forever to confirm.
@_date: 2014-10-16 18:53:31
Define "worse"? 
The point is, if the two are essentially market driven in the same ways, I'll use the one that provides me cryptographic proofs. Ameritrade, just to name one example, doesn't provide this with stocks. Something like Counterparty does.
@_date: 2014-02-18 20:49:19
If you know the risks, you're not crazy.
Keep in mind that there are counterplays to your strategy, however. 
Imagine there is someone with knowledge of just how many people are sending fiat to Gox right now and have thousands of BTC waiting to sell on Kraken, BTC-e, Bitstamp and other exchanges the second MtGox reopens withdrawals. They could artificially drop all the other exchanges prices by selling their hoards the night before deposits resume, then when you transfer your coin to scramble to sell yourself, you're selling into their buys at half their value because you think you are the arbitrage master.
I'm about 90% certain one of two things is going to happen by the night of the 19th or morning of the 20th, either Gox's price is going to rise to within 80% of Bitstamp, Kraken, BTC-e, or their prices will fall to the same level. I'd put particular emphasis on the possibility of the latter, because it'd be just too easy of a way to counter what everyone else is likely thinking-doing.
Another way to counter if you don't think there will be a quick recovery is to simply have been someone who sold on Gox and is now funnelling the cash slowly to other exchanges for a later purchase after you've all arbitraged them down to lower and lower levels. If someone who owned tens of thousands of coin did this, we may not see a recovery for a few months due to how it has depressed the market.
@_date: 2014-07-22 21:09:12
Yeah, I would agree that if there was a "Maybe", "Somewhat", or "Mostly" I would have felt safer picking that, but given the simplicity of the question, I imagine he was asking for a simple answer in turn. 
I know enough to know how and why a transaction will work, and even the components, but I don't know that I could just sit down and design a raw transaction. I haven't memorized the order of components and I don't understand all the details of scripting. That said, I can go through some of the transaction details of stuff back in 2009 and 2010 and easily understand it, and given the references I need, I could design a raw transaction, just not off the top of my head. 
I figured answering "No" would be lying, so that's why I answered "Yes". Maybe that's the point where you know it's safe to answer in the affirmative.
@_date: 2014-09-06 16:25:36
It's long been a little undiscussed secret in the intelligence world that they use botnets to take down sites who's users they want to watch via third party American businesses. On TOR this resulted in a spike in traffic to Silk Road, but was noticeable because it affected TOR as a whole, too. 
On the regular web, the intelligence agencies victims are then forced to use load balancing providers like Cloudflare, which are subsequently [forced to give SSL keys]( to the NSA/gov't agencies.
Obviously Cloudflare isn't a solution for a website on TOR, so DPR had to implement captchas on his own to quell botnet-like traffic, and the agencies used those to find him instead.
EDIT: Fixed a few things for clarity.
@_date: 2014-08-11 13:36:01
Kind of, the practicality of them having beaten it is still in question, though. When finished, it didn't look settled quite right. (even though it was still adhesively attached, it looked like it had been tampered with)
@_date: 2014-04-30 15:04:06
I noticed the downvoting spam correlates around the time SRS links to this subreddit. It's probably intentional backlash from downvoting their links to this subreddit.
@_date: 2014-09-19 19:55:39
They do if they can withstand longer periods of time before selling, or have enough demand from *their* customers that they are terrified to purchase on an exchange.
@_date: 2014-02-11 04:46:21
My point was, whichever country of the above three least limits Bitcoin adoption, is the winner. They get the brains, talent, and wealth of the Bitcoin network. Sure, it's may be only a few billion now, but it will grow and grow and grow.
@_date: 2014-08-01 06:26:06
This is probably the most legitimate response I've seen to Bitlicensing from the common Bitcoiner. I know a lot of people take issue with the government's intervention. I'm certainly no stranger to that, but if we're going to have a dialogue, this is the form in which I would put it. I'm not wholly-opposed to *some* VERY LIMITED regulations, but the manner in which they've currently demanded them is extremely obtuse. Some form of allowing for independent entrepreneurs that want to regularly deal in fiat-to-coin is the only reasonable effort, and right now, there's no way in hell that the current obligations account for that.
@_date: 2014-05-27 17:08:01


Wow, this is weird. I emailed Jim Rogers about Bitcoin back in mid-2011 after the second bubble to $30ish. It had fallen pretty quickly back down to under $10 and asked him if it was entirely possible this was going to trade "like a commodity" and thus be prone to market cornering, though at times rising very slowly. I explained that this was a solution to an old technical problem of trust on networks called the Byzantine Generals' Problem and reasoned it was designed to have a limit of 21 million, so I figured it'd trade like a commodity and that I was trading it like one, with some degree of success. I just kind of wanted confirmation from someone with his knowledge...
He never responded. :/
@_date: 2014-08-22 16:53:52
Organofcorti, can you parse out [artforz's hashrate]( as well? It might only be a small blip in 2010, but I think he ran a pretty significant group of miners into late 2010 as well. You should be able to identify his nonce from the [difficulty runup in July 2010]( He first [ran it on testnet]( before taking over most of the main chain.
@_date: 2014-01-07 16:56:39
At the time he started doing Casascius coins, no one was revealing their identity publicly that was doing anything like this. Since it'd be immediately obvious that had stolen the coin, he'd immediately be targeted. This is why he went public with his name and information, and why those of us that purchased from him trust him.
@_date: 2014-03-06 16:09:53
He can't move the coins from the genesis block.
@_date: 2014-10-08 21:17:29
There used to be a Redditor who would post Krugman quotes whenever he was mentioned. He went inactive, but I'll copy/paste what he used to quote to discredit Krugman as being a low interest rate economic kook.
* So the direct economic impact of the (911)attacks will probably not
be that bad. And there will, potentially, be two favorable effects.
First, the driving force behind the economic slowdown has been a
plunge in business investment. **Now, all of a sudden, we need some
new office buildings.** *Paul Krugman*,
* However, **let's give credit where credit is due: Mr. Greenspan has
cut rates since then.** And while some of us may have been urging him
to move even faster, the Fed's four interest-rate cuts since the
slowdown became apparent represent an unusually aggressive response by
historical standards. It's still not clear that Mr. Greenspan has
caught up with the curve — **let's have at least one more rate cut,
please** — but the interest-rate cuts do, cross your fingers, seem to
be having an effect. *Paul Krugman*,
* During phases of weak growth there are always those who say that
lower interest rates will not help. They overlook the fact that low
interest rates act through several channels. For instance, more
housing is built, which expands the building sector. You must ask the
opposite question: **why in the world shouldn’t you lower interest
rates?** *Paul Krugman*,
* Consumers, who already have low savings and high debt, probably
can’t contribute much. **But housing, which is highly sensitive to
interest rates, could help lead a recovery**…. But there has been a
peculiar disconnect between Fed policy and the financial variables
that affect housing and trade. Housing demand depends on long-term
rather than short-term interest rates — and though the Fed has cut
short rates from 6.5 to 3.75 percent since the beginning of the year,
the 10-year rate is slightly higher than it was on Jan. 1…. Sooner or
later, of course, investors will realize that 2001 isn’t 1998. When
they do, mortgage rates and the dollar will come way down, and the
conditions for a recovery led by housing and exports will be in place.
*Paul Krugman*, [2001](
* To fight this recession the Fed needs more than a snapback; it needs
soaring household spending to offset moribund business investment. And
to do that, as Paul McCulley of Pimco put it, **Alan Greenspan needs
to create a housing bubble to replace the Nasdaq bubble.** *Paul
Krugman*, [2002](
* Oh, and on a nonpolitical note: even before Friday's grim report on
jobs, **I was puzzled by Mr. Greenspan's eagerness to start raising
interest rates. Now I don't understand his policy at all.** *Paul
Krugman*, [2004](
* As Mr. McCulley predicted, interest rate cuts led to soaring home
prices, which led in turn not just to a construction boom but to high
consumer spending, because homeowners used mortgage refinancing to go
deeper into debt. All of this created jobs to make up for those lost
when the stock bubble burst. **Now the question is what can replace
the housing bubble.** *Paul Krugman*,
* To be honest, **a new bubble now would help us out a lot even if we
paid for it later.** This is a really good time for a bubble… There
was a headline in a satirical newspaper in the US last summer that
said: "The nation demands a new bubble to invest in" And that’s pretty
much right. *Paul Krugman*, [2009](
* If we discovered that **space aliens were planning to attack**, and
we needed a massive buildup to counter the space alien threat, and
really inflation and budget deficits took secondary place to that,
**this slump would be over in 18 months.** *Paul Krugman*,
Bottom line is that Krugman loves permanently low or non-existent interest rates and bubbles.
And, for the record:
[Krugman's response regarding his "requoting of Paul
Any my rebuttal is that we should look at the whole article in
context, I'll highlight the relevant parts below. Keep in mind, this
is August 2002, the recession is ending, but Krugman points to
evidence that it is not and says:




How this isn't an endorsement of what a fellow Keynesian (McCulley) is
mentioning here is beyond me. Krugman got caught calling for a housing
bubble, and his attempts to throw it off as a misquote are absurd. Why
else mention this quote if it is in the context of avoiding a double-dip, which he warned about in the paragraph directly prior and endorsed in the sentence prior?
@_date: 2014-06-11 14:06:39
What a lot of people don't understand about CEX.io when they say "stop investing" is that right now, mining, as inefficient as it is, is still one of the best ways to virtually anonymously accumulate coin. That matters to some people.
When folks criticized me for arguing that the US gov't shouldn't track Bitcoin purchases, they called me a lolbertarian and laughed, but the fact of the matter is, when you try to "identify" people and what they are doing with coin, they turn to things like mining contracts and other convoluted methods and don't care about inefficiency or hurting the blockchain as a whole, because as much as they may hate what they are losing, they care about government overreach more.
This problem isn't going to fix itself, at some point these crappy companies on the Bitcoin Foundation are going to have to get a set and address the gov't like it should instead of welcoming them with open arms.
@_date: 2014-04-08 17:02:04
Well, I understood the anonymity angle, but the way I saw it, it'd be nice if (even if anonymous) someone could say, "I owned 32 shares when it went down, here's my public key verification of ownership against the data you have. That way I could give them their share of the assets under my ownership without worry that someone else would come along and say they owned those same 32 shares (for example).
You're right, it wasn't really set up this way, but I had hopes that Nefario was going to eventually allow listing via this method at some point. From what I remember, he worked on something like this for a while but then the rest of the fiasco took place.
@_date: 2014-07-23 18:37:25
From what I understand, Google sends them folks from the news.google.com page the same way, that's why a search always ends up working. You could also attempt to view the story from news.google.com and that link should give you the full story as well.
If I had to guess why, I'd say the WSJ is using the HTTP_REFERRER environment variable to determine if it should be a full story or not.
@_date: 2014-07-03 17:35:17
What about the people that don't care about mainstream adoption and just wanted agoric markets?
@_date: 2014-12-02 17:41:18
It will lead to paying for speech on Twitter/Facebook, basically. Why get karma when you can simply get paid directly?
@_date: 2014-03-28 15:27:16
If there's anything I've learned about Bitcoin since late 2010: *The market can and* **will** *remain irrational longer than you can remain solvent.*
I bought decent amounts of coin before it rose to $33, but also over time as it fell from $33 all the way down to $2. By the time it hit $2, I only had a few hundred left to buy with of the money I was willing to *risk*. That was a 96% decline from the peak. If the peak now is $1200, 96% represents a decline to $50. Be prepared for these sorts of swings.
@_date: 2014-06-16 20:28:40
Sometimes sarcasm, but some of them tend to be fond of violating the "don't touch the poop" rule.
@_date: 2014-04-24 20:21:21
Yup. It could be they've already piecemealed it out to interested buyers who've put out bids and will just wait for approval, even. Sometimes this stuff works pretty fast. I'd prefer a public bidding process to maximize returns, but for some reason with the SR coin they didn't seem to go out for public bid on it.
@_date: 2014-06-27 04:56:49
I know people are very bullish with the auction happening, but there's reason to be wary of uber-bullish predictions so soon after the last all time high (ATH). Remember that after the bubble pop in 2011, it was over a year and a half (like 19 months) before it saw the ATH again.
@_date: 2014-10-23 16:37:29
This should seriously be the most updated comment. The OP didn't contact support at Coinbase first to get a clarification on what happened. A customer that actually cares about their finances should NOT use Reddit as an outlet for every single problem that happens.
@_date: 2014-02-17 16:40:53
Bitcoin has far better mobility than hard commodities, however. Transaction fees for Bitcoin are in the pennies or sub-pennies. Transaction fees for gold have marked up spot prices, storage fees, transportation and insurance, etc.  This isn't even getting into the divisibility issue that metals have. Bitcoin is basically digital gold.
@_date: 2014-04-30 14:34:02
There's two major problems I have with VICE and it's the way they approach guns and the environment. They accept any environmental claim made by someone they are interviewing as gospel truth, and only show "thugs with guns" on the show, only once ever showing a responsible gun owner that doesn't just see other people as a means to an end.
@_date: 2014-01-25 18:19:43
No, but it is a very low figure. I think even polls on the BTCTalk forums where something awful and 4chan trolls voted female to skew the statistics still only indicated maybe 5% female interest.
@_date: 2014-06-12 15:34:02
In late 2010 my guess is that Bitcoin was no more than a thousand to few thousand dedicated Bitcoin miners, the first GPU miners earlier that year were wildly successful. I remember artforz mining about 20k BTC in a very short period of time (want to say under a month, keep in mind the block reward was 50/block back then, too). In early 2011, it was still possible to mine ~200 BTC in a week (maybe closer to two weeks) if you had a few good GPUs going. In late 2010 I remember getting ~5BTC/day with an nVidia miner. It quickly dropped as more people started GPU mining, though.
By mid 2011, you pretty much had to have a farm going if you were doing 200BTC per week, let alone per month. It was was almost always profitable to mine (at least in the US) but not absurdly profitable after the 2011 bubble crashed.
@_date: 2014-09-06 16:13:21
OMG, NO WAY? DRUGS? You mean there are people out there peacefully putting illicit substances into their own bodies? HOW DARE THEY!
@_date: 2014-02-27 03:55:59
I'm short-term bearish on Bitcoin, but you'd be a fool to think this technology is going nowhere. It's not regulators that will make it go anywhere either, it'll be more and more secure and convenient ways to store our own coin. Hardware wallets, M of N wallets, etc. Regulations have nothing to do with it, we'll design features that make regulations unnecessary.
@_date: 2014-09-10 16:28:31
Yeah, he wants information leading to "an arrest and conviction" though. Not going to happen for a non-US citizen, which is why his bounty is BS. I'm as pro-Bitcoin as the next guy, but Ver once used his admin powers on blockchain.info to identify someone who accidentally got $50 worth of Bitcoin refunded back to him in error and then harassed him on the forums to get it back.
@_date: 2014-04-13 05:40:09
Not even as a "$500 then forget you invested it for a year at least" investment?
@_date: 2014-03-03 17:02:58
Yes, this is correct. They did not salt our passwords so I have one that I can never use again. Another one from the LinkedIn debacle, too. 
@_date: 2014-01-06 19:55:46
Well, it's pretty simple, actually. All these VCs that are giving them money want a share of BTC. They don't mind the fluctuations, but you can bet their strategy is similar to the old miners, mine/buy and hold. This doesn't mean their ENTIRE strategy is based around that concept, but if they can forego immediate profits and sell slowly over time, they don't care if they are holding thousands of coin.
@_date: 2014-03-06 16:10:10
Signed a message with his private keys is the obvious explanation.
@_date: 2014-02-19 18:09:19
I guess I just don't get it. I'll have to read up on it more. If the inflation rate is higher than maybe 2%, it seems like it'd be silly to do anything but just "always mine" it.
@_date: 2014-02-24 05:55:04
I think the Bitcoin Foundation was created to take the hatred of selling out Bitcoin to regulators in order to artificially inflate the price. Look at how quickly they talk about identifying users, specifically Hearn and Yufi Guo, who screwed over a bunch of folks on the Icarus trade-ins to Avalons. Devs like Hearn even talk openly about meeting regulators expectations without even so much as considering that Satoshi, a man who valued anonymity so hardily that he's left ~900k coin untouched, might have actually wanted an anonymous currency for the sake of privacy for the masses.
@_date: 2014-04-28 18:26:17
Every time someone refers to how *lolbertarians will just have to accept regulation* I die a little on the inside. Just stop for a second and think about what the United States was founded on. It wasn't founded to increase the oversight capabilities of the British government. The American revolution wasn't fought to stop drug dealers from freely trafficking their wares. Smugglers didn't scare the colonists, nor did fanatical religions. Everyone came to the New World because it provided opportunity and less restriction.
How exactly do the regulators or US gov't think this ends? Do they think we're going to roll over and all willingly submit? I've not once purchased, sold, consumed, created, or manufactured anything illegal with Bitcoin, but I still don't feel it is necessary for me to answer these stupid questions. I *disagree* with the presumption that I should have to account for how I obtained coin. I know I'm innocent and yet still do not wish to comply **especially** because I think the ones that are guilty should be allowed to traffic their wares. 
I just paid five-figures in taxes on my Bitcoin sales for last year. I am already pissed at the federal government. Now they want me to identify how exactly I obtained my coin? What ever happened to old-fashion gumshoe detective work? Why is the onus on me to prove I'm not doing anything shady?
**In the US, when you want to move money, you're presumed guilty until proven innocent.**
I want to know how long it's going to be in this country till "you can't move money that way" becomes "you can't think that way". A man moves his finances according to his conscience, and it seems naive to think the two will long remain mutually-exclusive in the opinion of mafia men with bigger guns (and the inclination to use them).
@_date: 2014-10-03 16:06:25
Or perhaps they just asked reddit for a log of the IPs that were in this post:
In which case they were building evidence on public information that was unconfirmable. Not sure how it changes the case, but it wouldn't surprise me if something like that is hearsay since they don't have the reddit user as a witness.
@_date: 2014-04-18 17:36:51
Trade coin online with psuedonymity, then purchase. They'd have to trace the original owner who only knows you through maybe an IRC nickname. Or use Coinjoin, or use two online-only exchanges that you bought and sold altcoins through. It's much easier than folks think.
Gox was full of crap because they said they lost everyone's money to transaction mutability, but we could easily see coin they verified was their's that was *NOT* lost to TM. It's entirely different because they purposely identified themselves as having owned the coin.
The average Bitcoiner has never had to purposely identify himself as having owned any particular coin.
@_date: 2014-02-25 22:20:16
0 coins. 
I think my last withdrawal from them was 60 coins around August/July 2013. The problem of pulling cash out forced me to finally buy them back and I immediately withdrew them. I think that's when I first realized just how volatile the price was becoming, ask my deposit and withdrawal actions alone were affected the MtGox price. When that happened I realized something was very very wrong and quit using them.
@_date: 2014-04-21 17:18:37
Doesn't really sound like promoting it. I thought I remembered he had invested in a pass-through or something, and it was never to a large degree. I suppose you're right that it looks like he made *something* off of this, but I don't really remember him being nearly as vocal as many of the others like gigavps, smoothie, etc.
@_date: 2014-05-14 15:17:09
Not to mention that VICE thinks guns are almost always in the hands of incompetent individuals except when it's the state, then they are either all clearly corrupt or entirely competent, never a mix of the two. I like their stuff better than most, but they do have a clear bias on gun issues.
@_date: 2014-04-18 15:20:57
I think some of us have dealt with the "it's not backed by anything" argument so much in that it's just become absurd and we know newbies aren't treated well here so its easy to upvote this and laugh at ourselves. 
Obviously we should just point people to the FAQ on bitcoin.it more or something, but it's still quite ridiculous how so many people keep using the same hashed and rehashed arguments.
@_date: 2014-01-30 22:35:28
It makes sense from the "solving the Byzantine Generals problem" point-of-view. The intention was to solve the trust issues of the Internet, not anonymity. The privacy aspects sort of crept up over time as more and more rules by FinCEN and etc came about.
You can still achieve reasonable anonymity by using BTC on a foreign exchange to buy something like LTC, transferring the LTC to another foreign exchange to buy more BTC, and then withdrawing that BTC.
@_date: 2014-12-09 23:13:43
I'm not 100% sure what he means but I can attempt to explain. Cyprus is like the European version of the Cayman Islands to those of us in the US. To have an account in the Cayman Islands is to be someone who is storing money offshore. European Cyprus bank holders were storing money "offshore" for the most part.
So imagine if tomorrow a news story came out that the government of the Cayman Islands forced all the banks there to shave 20% off the top of every account to cover government debt to foreign debt holders.
That's basically what happened with Cyprus. It wasn't about Cyprus itself, it was about the idea that these people who were safely storing internationally-earned money there were now subject to losing it at the behest of EU obligations. In short, an offshore haven essentially disappeared overnight.
@_date: 2014-04-30 14:51:37


I'm not an anarchist, but I am a minarchist, and the one most often cited is [medieval Iceland]( which was "modern" for its era and had a system of tribal chiefs and tribal judges that let users flow from jurisdiction to jurisdiction freely for nearly 300 years. It ended when a percentage of them begged the king of Norway to come rule them, I think. It was also during this era that many criminals would go into "exile", being unable to find anyone to quarter or feed them after a criminal trial, which is believed to be [how Eric the Red first set up on Greenland](
@_date: 2014-03-06 18:11:59
Yes, I realize this is the case. I should have written that the SN we know from Bitcoin always wrote in near-perfect British English. I believe he even used the word "cheque" at one point from my previous analysis. It'd be hard to justify using cheque as an American when its clear he has a bank account from his Amazon reviews. But you've made a good point.
@_date: 2014-03-06 16:35:55
I'd prefer to keep the specific location anonymous because [there's already been witchhunts]( on this issue before. We have reasonable evidence that Satoshi has interacted with or is likely folks from the CMG. The Satoshi from the Newsweek article does not match what we know of SN other than the name and that he's likely paranoid. The time factor of his posts is not something he would have intentionally "faked" if he was using his real name.
I suppose it is possible that *this* SN is the creator, but he handed it off to[ someone in CMG]( (details about halfway through the article) to use the persona of SN and to post for him, IMHO. Incidentally, some of us still believe there was a "group" behind this, so this SN might just be the engineering/technical end of that group.
And yes, I realize this gets conspiracy-like quickly, but it's almost impossible to post about SN and what you know and don't know over time. The 2012 Bitcoin Magazine article mentioning that Trinity College had a disproportionate representation on the Bitcoin network was only in the print edition. I've seen no mention of this fact online.
@_date: 2014-09-28 17:54:07


Yes. I've been involved in Bitcoin since 2010, you're absolutely right that from basically June 2011 to February 2013, there was a period of time where a Bitcoin investment was actually very very bad. That's why I don't advise people invest in it as a get-rich-quick scheme. However, as a pure hedge, it's actually not a bad play. In some respects, it's even safer and easier than gold or silver.
When the price started ballooning a year and a half ago in January and February, I stopped actually advising friends and family to "buy" it, but I had all throughout 2012. With the price having fallen now to comfortably less than 1/5th the previous ATH, I don't mind telling folks that if they are willing to wait at least a few years, a $500 (or 2-5% of their net worth, if they are already familiar with long-term investing) bid for coin isn't a horrible idea.
I would never recommend and would certainly highly advise against, putting anything more than 5% of someone's net worth into Bitcoin. That said, some of us who were doing actual investing in 2010/2011 don't exactly have the luxury of saying our $500 investments at the time are only 5% of our net worth anymore. So sell and take small profits when applicable (and pay your taxes, obviously).
@_date: 2014-07-18 16:00:49
So "screw all you NY bitcoiners, thanks for helping legitimize BTC, though"?
No thanks. I think NY Bitcoiners shouldn't be subject to draconian legislation, either. If Ben Lawsky wants to make a difference between a "registered Bitcoin trader" and an unregistered one, fine, but the presumption here is that unregistered trading would be illegal in the state of NY, and that's just flat out wrong.
@_date: 2014-07-15 14:46:54
Really, the only thing needed is to accept it for tax payments and to state there will be 0% sales tax on it guaranteed for the next X years. Bitcoin companies will gauge risk and possibly open up businesses in the country as it converts to a safe haven. X could be 10-20 years or even more and just have slightly higher property taxes. I'm pretty sure you'll get interest in various forms.
@_date: 2014-08-06 15:52:55
Assuming they set up a contract with a company to pre-sell this coin, it would explain why the price has been dropping since the 23rd of July as well. In other words, go to Bitpay or Coinbase or another provider, tell them you're accumulating coin to fund something and that when you are done, you want to be able to sell it for today's prices in one fell swoop once it has been accumulated. They'll set up an address that you have your financiers donated towards, and as it accumulates coin, they are selling their own coin accordingly at market rates. Once everything is said and done, all that is left to do is hand over the cash.
@_date: 2014-02-03 18:24:45
While he makes a good argument on the side of diminished returns with each new altcoin, this isn't really a contrarian opinion of cryptocurrencies in total. He's not advising against "Bitcoin:The Protocol", just against hoarding "Bitcoin:The Currency".
Hell, even I'm a slight bear on Bitcoin as a currency at present, but ultimately I'm long on cryptocurrencies. This is a revolution in finance that cannot be undone. Proof-of-Work, Proof-of-State, etc., they're here to stay. One or an amalgamation of them is bound to achieve long-standing acceptance by the majority of mankind.
@_date: 2014-10-20 15:30:07
Occupy movement died because they learned about the following:
1. [Revolving door politics](
2. [Iron Triangle](
3. [Regulatory capture](
Don't fault them for learning, they're still young!
@_date: 2014-10-08 22:03:26
Hmm, you could be right, I could be off by 1 or maybe even two years on the 2 gig one (if you count the end of 1995, anyway). I remember my cousin had a 600 mb hard drive in 94, though. I wasn't rich at all, I actually put it on a credit card and paid it off over the course of a year and half working part-time as a kid.
@_date: 2014-07-31 15:24:17
The US's Great Depression is the first thing listed on the [wikipedia page for 'Economic Collapse']( so unless you're going to  get to specifics, I guess we agree to disagree.
@_date: 2014-04-08 16:20:24


TD going full Troll?
@_date: 2014-03-27 14:28:33
The number of people that still don't believe he's under a gag order of some form astounds me. One of the most open CEOs in Bitcoin suddenly says his exchange is bankrupt and can't talk about it, despite blockchain evidence to the contrary, after providing years of service to Bitcoin customers and helping set up the Foundation, bailing out a Polish exchange, shipping free two-factor authentication devices to their customers, and etc.
I think his distrust of travelling to the US is obvious, god knows what kind of charges they'd bring him up on if he came here. We know the person behind DPR parked funds at Gox at least once in the past, so to ignore the fact that the US still has seized Gox accounts is ridiculous at this point. Seized accounts for any financial exchanges always come with gag orders if they want to see that money again.
Here's my reminder of the evidence that a government is involved:
@_date: 2014-01-29 15:27:08
I understand your opinion, I really do. Some clarity on tax implications would be nice for my own purposes for starters.
But even I agree with the folks that want little to no regulation, because they are right: all regulation is doing is pushing innovation overseas. Additionally, such innovation will come at the cost of the regulations they wanted to impose anyway, because whatever they needed to watch or monitor will now simply occur outside their jurisdiction. It's better for the US to remain the place where this innovation and development happens, otherwise it will lose any sort of influence it has in virtual currency adoption.
Even simple and light regulation will do this. This is the problem, and regulators need to be aware of this with EVERY SINGLE new thing they want. They need to pick reasonable goals, such as AML requirements only for extremely high ($100k+) transfers or something in order to keep the US attractive as a place where a startup can still try something new.
As others have said, bad actors are being eliminated without regulation, anyway. Even the guys who cheated on the AML are being outed and charged with crimes. There's enough of an existing infrastructure of laws for enforcement entities to do what they need, anyway.
@_date: 2014-03-07 19:33:38
Satoshi is notoriously media-averse. He did supposedly post this:
That said, it is NOT PGP-verified, so we do not know for sure if it is the real Satoshi Nakamoto that created Bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-09-10 16:39:33
Well, and ASICs came out about the same time, too. Correlation != Causation, but you're probably just as spot-on with your prediction as any guess at this point.
@_date: 2014-03-27 18:55:09
Well, you'll notice I didn't specify which government. I'm not sure if it's a Japanese source at the behest of a US agency, or some other cross-jurisdiction action, but some form of gag is the only possible explanation that resolves all the facts surrounding the case. If he was stealing them, we wouldn't be able to trace them as we have. If they were incompetent and lost the private keys, they wouldn't have recently announced they've recovered 200k of them.
@_date: 2014-03-28 17:07:32
Yeah, I'm a part of that now as well.
@_date: 2014-09-29 16:02:00
You mean punishing people for fraud, which minarchists (who still make up the [vast majority]( of libertarians) agree is a crime? Imagine that...
@_date: 2014-09-19 18:46:44
Keep in mind that for the very start of his operations, the price was continually falling and it was semi-legit. He'd get ~100 Bitcoins from someone wanting to make 7 total and use their coin to sell all 100 at $5 ($500) and then rebuy $400 worth slowly at $3 (~133 BTC) and keep the difference in cash and coin. There's records of him doing this on IRC as early as December 2011, but I remember him working on GPUMAX in like August of 2011.
He was making relative boatloads while his customers were making their 7%. His early successes allowed him to accumulate tens of thousands of coin of his customer's money, but then the price started going up and he couldn't afford to pay people back. Rather than tell them this, he kept acting like it was business as normal, and who was he to say no when people continually sent him coin after coin? The easiest route was the dishonest route, and he clearly ended up choosing that one. 
A number of us on the forums at the time complained about what seemed certain to be a Ponzi, but we got chewed out whenever we did. I certainly didn't care that so many of those folks got burned, they were outright vicious in defending pirateat40, and treated anyone who questioned him as trying to steal his secrets.
@_date: 2014-10-31 16:44:16
I was wondering the same, actually. JP Morgan's GLD ETF has been known to have more shares in paper gold than are mined in a year and most of the mined gold we know China is buying, so someone somewhere has physical possession of gold that they are leasing and we know by the numbers it can only be amounts owned by a government.
@_date: 2014-08-26 17:02:58
I think it's priced in at a time of conflict. When we had the hard-fork in February/March (I forget exactly when) of 2013, it was resolved really quickly and there was only one suspected accidental double-spend that seemed to have occurred during the timeframe. That was seen as extremely bullish.
That said, it wasn't a recent technical development. I think multi-sig helped out quite a bit in getting Bitcoin to its value today, though the bigger event was obviously the development of ASICs and the halving of rewards.
In short, I think there's an influence, but it's probably not a major one. It probably serves more to support the existing valuation than increasing the value outright.
@_date: 2014-03-07 17:04:47
I remember reading stuff about Titor in like 2005. He said the US would be in outright civil war by 2008 and I never saw any evidence of that so forgot about him. Has there been some sort of revisionist history or something? He also said the winning US rebellion would ask Russia to nuke ourselves (the cities) by like 2010 if I remember correctly.
@_date: 2014-12-19 18:09:30
To a certain extent, it's built on previous concepts like Finney's RPoW and P2P technologies. Satoshi definitely didn't have the layman in mind when he wrote it, but he did make it easy in the sense you could read it without knowing the details of specific technologies and still understand why it was a pretty revolutionary idea. 
I think the reason why many people can read it today and "get it" quickly is because they know Bitcoin has been around now for over 5 years and is still going. At the time people who understood the whitepaper read it in 2008/2009, they were probably thinking, "well this sounds good in theory, but in practice can it actually work?" For those first two years, it was still pretty uncertain, but as the network effect caught on, eventually it became clear that the coin *did* in fact work as a store of value, which made all the other parts of it (medium, measure, standard) a huge advantage.
@_date: 2014-04-18 17:13:15
And if the Internet went away Bitcoin would be useless. If a gov't goes away, their fiat would be useless, etc. Your original point about "zero intrinsic value" is a misnomer, the Internet isn't going away anytime soon, nor is Bitcoin itself.
@_date: 2014-09-09 15:39:35
This is definitely a fake address/name. There is no street by the listed name in that city and there's no way Satoshi is a daytime soap opera actor. I doubt this guy will get his 25 BTC if he thinks people are this easily duped.
@_date: 2014-07-23 18:31:02
Yes, many call themselves lobbyists, of course.
@_date: 2014-10-17 14:19:18


Or in some cases is willfully-ignorant. We know the gov't seized Gox assets for example, but most people here still refuse to believe Karples is under a gag order and cannot talk about missing funds and coin they've seized (including the numbers they've seized) and instead still think he stole coin.
@_date: 2014-06-12 14:38:19
Money Masters is the best documentary on US finance history I know of, honestly. He doesn't complain about fiat as much as reserve-banking being the problem, but ultimately leaves it up to the viewer. I wish someone did an updated version of this documentary (updated graphics and quality). It'd be really fun to watch and might spread like wildfire.
@_date: 2014-05-01 18:44:15
I'm not sure what you're point is other than to set up a strawman and bludgeon it to death.
@_date: 2014-03-07 17:38:52
Yeah, we have this thing called "intent". Though it could be that they were being intently negligent in their reporting. I can't imagine they thought an article entirely filled with nothing but circumstantial evidence (other than the very last thing he "said" to her) would be a good idea to run with.
@_date: 2014-06-19 20:52:58


























Why couldn't under the "middle-of-the-road" approach, someone pool coin this way? If they do this, it sound like they could give the pool their private key anyway, facilitating collusion. Is the hope that if one pool hits 51% that PoS users would abandon that pool?
@_date: 2014-02-12 16:48:43
piotr, sipa, genjix (if he wanted to, anyway), etc.
I don't question that if someone stopped, someone else would take over, there's a lot of talent in BTC development now, obviously. Even Hearn, though I disagree with him on coin validation, is qualified.
@_date: 2014-09-27 05:28:32
Not everyone thinks in terms of months instead of years. This coming January *might* be the first January in the entire nearly six year history of Bitcoin where it was worth less than the January of the previous year. *Might*.
I'm all for telling people to "chill" on the overvaluation side of things, but as far as hedging against inflation, it's sure as hell has a track record for beating the dollar.
@_date: 2014-05-16 19:07:07
This is likely correct. They can resell their customers purchasing habits to cover their small costs. I can imagine a number of companies would just be itching to know what Bitcoiners as a demographic spend their money on.
@_date: 2014-08-04 18:36:52
TOR protects sources better than destinations. It was, presumably, easier to find a website running on TOR than the people who are connecting to it. From what I understand, they were doing timing attacks of some sort. The gist of it is that a DDoS on TOR can operate in such a manner that it could potentially expose "hidden sites", from what I understand. The timing attacks come in figuring out which TOR nodes are operating more like relays, exits, clients, and hidden services. To be honest, it's possible the Firefox JS exploit that was used was targeted to eliminate which ones were not running hidden services.
@_date: 2014-03-20 15:50:57


Libertarians don't want to necessarily be rid of all gov't. Anarchists do, but minarchists are the only libertarians I know that actually end up voting.
@_date: 2014-08-05 18:28:07
Yeah, sorry, I shouldn't have specified using timing attacks to determine if someone was an exit node.
@_date: 2014-05-09 19:07:19
He's not really that naive, nor are we, he knows that by posting this publicly with as large of a follower base as he has it could force Amazon to respond publicly. Amazon has no intention of adopting Bitcoin, but this very clearly shows a problem with their support staff. He even used the  hashtag.
Remember too that Ver owns [BitcoinStore]( (if I am remembering this correctly) so if he could get Amazon to publicly shame itself by responding with a negative to Bitcoin adoption, it'd only help him.
Of course the guys at [think we actually believe that this is anything other than a canned response.
@_date: 2014-09-29 15:05:22
You should read Mish, Mike Shedlock's blog. He's spoke at length about [Australia's housing bubble](
@_date: 2014-12-08 17:04:48
Reusing addresses is a bad idea, but yeah, the way they did it is strange unless they already have plans for this coin.
@_date: 2014-12-28 23:32:39
Social news/media has this problem in general. This isn't so you're going to get a lot of these kinds of posts. If you look at sub-reddits like that's essentially what *all* the posts slowly degrade  towards. If had a bit more regular contributors, I'd probably switch to that and drop this sub entirely.
@_date: 2014-03-17 18:27:18
organofcorti is a good guy who produces information for miners on the blockchain and related transactions and knows what he's doing. He'd just like to associate the addresses with a known Bitcoin-related company to ease his state-of-mind that it's not an unknown with the power to do a 51% attack or what-not.
Miners benefit by knowing what other miners are doing. When they start to go covert in their actions is when we see risks of things like a 51% attack and etc.
He suspects, rightly-so, that due to the amounts generated that this has to be a Bitcoin-related company but doesn't have a way to verify it.
@_date: 2014-05-23 16:08:36
To be fair, it's also the exchange the hackers and SR vendors seem to be using. That said, I'm 100% for free markets and while hacks suck, I don't think they should threaten the fungibility of Bitcoin. What Bitstamp is doing is only going to hurt them in the end. I say this as someone that does double-digit or more Bitcoin arbitrage and has for the last year or more. This KYC stuff is getting ridiculous and reminds me of what happened at Gox.
@_date: 2014-07-24 03:16:33
I had no idea this was a thing. It's like following transaction outputs on the blockchain. Thanks for sharing!
@_date: 2014-02-07 22:23:52
Posting something like this under a new account when it doesn't really need to be is usually suspicious or smacks of pumping. Since he's using his own account and even adds the disclosure of "hearsay", it adds a bit of legitimacy. You'd think at least one Best Buy employee actually owns coin though and would know about this sort of thing ahead of time.
@_date: 2014-02-28 20:11:15
Or we could just link the evidence as it accumulates:
@_date: 2014-06-03 16:44:21
My first account was deleted by an admin on Reddit in 2012, but I've been involved in Bitcoin since 2010. A lot of folks here are or have been. You might be surprised the number of old-time lurkers in these threads.
@_date: 2014-07-21 18:29:29
Except for things like serp coins or casascius coins, but yeah, for the most part, you're right.
@_date: 2014-02-25 02:08:03
Well, not to be argumentative, because I'd like to see something like this succeed, but I can set up peers on my own network that would rate that 10TB array just fine. In fact, they could pull 1gpbs without trouble. And to top that off, I can do it from an entirely different subnet since I have more than one available. 
Granted, not everyone will have this capability, but like I said, my problem with these services in the past has been that they can be gamed at all.
@_date: 2014-07-18 16:06:52
You are correct.
Lessons to learn when dealing with federal regulation:
1. [Revolving door politics](
2. [Iron Triangle](
3. [Regulatory capture](
Nothing about regulation is about freedom. It's using convoluted rules within industry, bureaucracy, and power to hide corruption from the public.
@_date: 2014-03-20 15:36:57
Welcome to capitulation phase. Don't worry. We'll be back, just stick around over the next six months.
@_date: 2014-03-03 07:12:13
Ah, ok.
@_date: 2015-05-15 20:46:38
2008's US bank bailouts showed people on both the right (tea party) and the left (Occupiers) cared.
@_date: 2015-05-06 17:15:49
USA. When I do this next time I'm going to do better data analysis. I might also have someone from the EFF that can help.
@_date: 2014-04-28 14:12:24
I like what Maidsafe is doing, but the Disk/IO capabilities of MaidSafe are going to pale in comparison to what bitcoind uses/needs.
@_date: 2014-04-30 14:37:42
It's not if you get the gist of the mathematics behind it, but basically addresses would evolve over time, so no one would ever be able to prove that X wallet is owned by the same person that owned Y wallet. The blockchain for a zero-knowledge proof coin would be a long string of in-and-out wallets into one large wallet when doing analysis, so you can never be sure who actually owns what.
@_date: 2014-04-09 15:50:22
I was crazy about it from late 2010 till mid 2012, then it reached a point in early 2013 where it was less about "this could be a great investment" and turned into "that was a great investment", now what can I do with it." But I'll be honest, I still care about what people are doing with Bitcoin technology-wise, I just care less and less about the day-to-day price.
@_date: 2014-12-23 23:17:55
Like what they did in Portugal. They made all drugs legal and now treat drug addiction as a medical problem. It's [reduced the extraneous violent crimes surrounding drugs and most people are happy with the changes](
@_date: 2014-03-20 15:43:39
They hold a significant amount of altcoin currency. If they get investigated, which honestly is becoming more and more likely due to incidents like the OPs, they will seize a boatload of altcoin miner's funds since a lot of them auto-mine and sell using whatever alt is trending on cryptsy. It's a huge cryptocurrency PR disaster in the making, IMHO.
@_date: 2014-11-16 01:11:01
I think it'd probably be better for them to do an episode about The Dark Web but have Bitcoins be a side mention in it. Just an episode on Bitcoin might be kind of boring for folks that only know about Bitcoin because Mt Gox went under or because "the CEO of Bitcoin resigned". 
Something like Randy or Cartman or Butters learning about the Dark Web to sell bibles to North Koreans or something would hold better interest than mining and still be the kind absurd story we'd expect out of the show. There's also the [cooking meth]( story, but that was a bit more relevant when Breaking Bad was still popular last year. Illegally selling bibles to North Koreans could be hilarious.
@_date: 2014-04-30 15:07:03
It shouldn't matter, but it causes a decent number of comments to go into "hide" mode that otherwise probably shouldn't.
@_date: 2015-05-08 16:52:16
Rational discussion. People like a coin developed by individuals that make pertinent comments and listen to what each of the others have to say.
@_date: 2014-12-31 15:47:01


Wait, what? Maybe it can go from idea to implementation that fast, but not SEC approval process. The quickest ones I've seen still usually take 6 months at the least.
@_date: 2014-05-29 15:14:22
Till more adopters come online.
The nice thing about a commodity that is relatively scarce is that you can build a business model regarding delayed gratification, essentially. With very few exceptions, it's almost always better to buy and hold Bitcoin for one year. You will (again, with just a few exceptions) nearly always make a profit by holding BTC for one year before selling.
So what do these companies like Coinbase and BitPay do? They do angel investing, get a few tens of millions, use that to "pay" for the Bitcoin they are getting from these vendors, sit on the coin, then slowly sell over time and according to an algorithm they are comfortable with. Ideally, they'll try to sell to match the rate of adoption, to avoid having to pay more in fiat than they have to for the providers they are running the service for.
If the price falls, they simply have to find new investors that are willing to essentially buy cheap coin by being on the "buy" side of the price for these vendors offering services.
@_date: 2014-12-09 21:37:03




I don't think you're a shill, so I'll answer your question, but I might be a bit brief for your tastes.
Basically, I was around in 2011. I owned a reasonable number of coin, watched the rise and crash from $2 to $30 to $2 again. I remember somewhere when it was down to under $10 and still falling, like in August 2011 or so, where someone says "Just you wait, it'll be $1000 by the end of next year!" I, even a Bitcoin enthusiast at the time, laughed and told him that'd never happen. This was in Fall 2011, the environment was somewhat bearish, but there were still a lot of "pumpers" that thought Bitcoin was worth pumping.
I don't remember who it was that I originally replied to, it's probably lost somewhere in the 2011 posts of the Bitcointalk forums. But I do remember a guy named Vladimir who was also very bullish and said $1k by the end of 2012 and he thought it'd go back up and hit $100 by the end of 2011, too. These guys were maybe what you'd call permabulls today. That said, they were all mostly wrong on their estimates, none of those predictions happened. Even at the end of 2012, we were under $15/coin.
But the folks that laughed at those $100 and $1,000 predictions were even more wrong, IMHO, and I was one of them. Granted, I have the benefit of hindsight, but Bitcoin, like gold or oil, is prone to speculation, and if it's done on a massive scale, we see things like $100 and $1000 coin. I guess I'm asking you to be wary of making the same mistake and saying something can *never* happen.
I'd have to say that the speculation factor is possibly **one reason** why we could *someday* see $10k coin. When I see people say $100k, I do laugh, but I do so with the idea in mind that this **is** a speculative asset, so while I think it's unlikely we'd see it anytime soon, I can't really comfortably dismiss it as impossible to happen.
If I had more time, I'd probably talk about how Bitcoin is, in many ways, a superior speculative asset over Gold and Oil due to ease of transferring ownership via the Internet, which helps. I'd also talk about the network effect, and etc. There's plenty of reasons for thinking it could *some day* hit $10k. That said, I try not to pump when it's not due, and the current environment seems to have the discussion dominated by permabulls and permabears, which tells me it's still not a great time to buy or sell.
@_date: 2014-03-07 06:02:20
Actually, this isn't true, it once said 35 but was updated I think in 2012, there was a post about it on bitcointalk.org even.
@_date: 2015-05-11 16:52:22
I tend to caution people on thinking Bitcoin the currency is guaranteed to go up in value, but given that this implementation isn't just going to use a blockchain but THE blockchain, I don't know how anyone could say this isn't bullish for Bitcoin itself.
@_date: 2014-04-17 17:18:09
Do you own the actual domain or are they just pointing to your NS?
@_date: 2015-05-13 17:27:09
I think the thing that bugs me about the forced-vaccination argument is this concept that the "community" or "society" owns your body. They don't. Collectivism (right or left-wing) has historically led to some of the most tyrannical governments.
@_date: 2014-01-29 16:05:00
The best way to hold on to your Bitcoin seems to be to not run anything Bitcoin-business-related within the US, at the moment.
@_date: 2014-03-17 18:03:27
Andreas did. It's not too hard to do, just a few hours with one GPU. They are called vanity addresses.
@_date: 2014-03-04 14:06:17
This is interesting and I'm glad you're doing this.
My question is regarding this example:
It is my understanding that the API is "building" the transaction itself based on user inputs. I see a potential avenue of attack here on the part of TrustedCoin. 
How would a user take the response codes that TrustedCoin builds and confirm that the "unsigned_transaction" they are signing is the same transaction they send to TrustedCoin to sign?
@_date: 2017-02-02 15:23:16
It's also important to note what had just happened politically during this same week that Gavin took over. Bitcoin had just recently started hitting huge waves in social media as people were using it to fund Wikileaks. The CIA had just ordered Paypal and credit card companies to shut down funding methods for Wikileaks, and tens of thousands of dollars had been sent to the Wikileaks Bitcoin address. Satoshi stopped posting regularly on the forums around this time as well.
A few months later, Gavin would end up giving a presentation to the CIA about Bitcoin and he would later claim that when he told Satoshi he was going to give that speech that Satoshi then went completely silent.
I think everyone agrees that Gavin was given Satoshi's blessing, despite there not being a public admission of it by Satoshi.
@_date: 2014-04-11 19:19:34
If I had a Bitcoin for everyone I've met who is technically-inclined and understands Bitcoin but doesn't own any and yet watches the price "level out" and eventually start a new bubble and ultimately throws in some fiat "just in case", I'd have 24 Bitcoins. Of those folks, at least 20 of them made back more than double what they put in, too.
Trust me, it starts with just a fascination, but before you know it, you'll be realizing miners can't mine it except at a loss but are mining it anyway and it'll become evident that this is now a commodity ripe for the manipulating. It might be months or even years before we see increases again though, the miners are still making bank right now (though their ROI is ridiculous).
@_date: 2014-07-28 17:04:34
Or people like him. I don't see first-world countries outright attacking Bitcoin unless they go straight-up dictator.
@_date: 2014-09-11 18:03:04
Yes, you shouldn't sell on emotion. You should come up with a defined strategy for selling and stick with it. If one of your investments is underperforming but has solid fundamentals, you can try doubling down, the payout might be worth it in the long run. If they've got bad fundamentals, you might want to just cut your losses and take advantage of the tax incentives.
@_date: 2015-05-15 01:09:02
I was going off their website that I swore said 5% two days ago, but looking back through a Google search on the history it's always been 2%. Sorry, I stand corrected.
@_date: 2014-10-28 19:19:31
Thanks. I try not to be steadfastly resilient on any particular position as  things change over time. I agree with Net Neutrality in concept, but in practice, we'd be fools to not notice how things may be changing outside of factors we have no control over or never thought could change.
Put simply, the innovation of tomorrow may invalidate the standard of yesterday.
@_date: 2014-09-19 18:53:01
This is correct. I don't remember specifically who it was, but someone on the forums was able to identify that he owned ~80k and possibly another 150k in a separate address.
@_date: 2014-08-22 17:20:22
Okay. If it helps, he was likely the first or second GPU miner and supposedly got several hundred if not thousand of blocks in before a quick difficulty retargeting. He was the first publicly-known GPU miner, at the very least, not sure if that helps. 
I believe he was also the one who first found out that nVidia miners had fewer shaders than ATI/AMD video cards which made them less valuable as miners.
Keep up the great work as always!
@_date: 2014-08-22 15:20:34


Considering they need these regulations before the SEC will approve their ETF, it seems likely. 
@_date: 2014-09-29 22:22:12
30 minutes will tell you if it's operating without throwing logic errors, but you want to actually do at least a 24-hour test to make sure fans are operating correctly and the heat is ventilating.
@_date: 2014-12-09 22:55:39
I think there'd have to be some pretty catastrophic failures to see $1. 
I mean, I could see it happening if Bitcoin somehow turns out to have failed at solving the Byzantine General's problem, but as it seems to have succeeded, and quite well at that, we still have to treat Bitcoin as what it is, an easily-transferable scarce commodity and speculative asset. 
At $1, assuming enough selling pressure, someone could buy all the coin in existence, including all new mined coin for under $21 million and just sit on it. Do you really think there wouldn't be someone out there somewhere willing to do that? $21 million isn't pocket change for you and I, I imagine, but it is for people like the Winklevoss twins. As long as some of these bigger players are interested, they'll probably be willing to play with it and foster the community.
At some point, as the Bitcoin infrastructure grows, even governments might hold coin. Hardware wallets I think are going to be a key technology driving new adoption.
I guess what I'm saying is I don't think that $1 *or* $100k is likely, but $100 and $10k might be. I do think it's a gamble, but probably not to the extremes I see ventured today.
@_date: 2017-02-26 02:33:38
Yes it would. BTW, I was kind of wrong in my assessment, so see my [EDIT in the same post]( or look at the one from hvidgaard [here]( It's a little easier to go this route. There's also some more info on the original person who found the first freestart SHA1 collision's page [here](
@_date: 2014-06-28 18:06:22
In your example, replace "Dawn Defense" with "USA" and add a few zero's to the amount they insist on payment. Instead of Tanna Justice, assume Bill has no defense company, or a really crappy one that cannot defend him in a physical attack from USA. He goes to Tanna Justice, but they don't want a client with any existing accusations against him. Benson Enterprises, a sister-organization of the USA, since they are such a large government, err I mean private corporation, finds in the USA's favor, and Bill has all his belongings taken, or is introduced to debt-slavery.
I mean, don't get me wrong, I'm involved with Bitcoin and have been since late 2010 and would love to see something like this, but ultimately these enterprises, regardless of how we name them, are just a new form of government. I can totally see such a thing happening, and even within my lifetime, but ultimately it's a form of government, calling them private corporations is kind of sugar-coating what they'll inevitably become. 
For example, suppose now USA corporation, the private corporation, decides to add a clause that requires customers be bound to their organization for life in order to get the cheapest rates, is such a contract acceptable?
The video kind of glosses over that such a contract would be perfectly acceptable to most anarcho-capitalists, but there might be many left-libertarians and minarchists that would take issue with it.
@_date: 2014-09-11 18:21:18
I can't speak for others around in 2011, but I only did a few hundred in fiat. I spend more on mining equipment that I needed anyway for gaming. I very much considered it a gamble and my net worth at the time was far higher than what I put in. Of course, it is orders of magnitude higher now if you measure coin's value in fiat, which I actually don't. I mean, I follow the price at least once a day, but it's just different now. 
Don't really know how to describe it, but you don't realize just how much of a slave you are to fiat till you own enough of something that has real value outside of fiat. I imagine it's the same for those with significant holdings of gold and silver or high-value real estate, too.
To me, my Bitcoin holdings feel like real freedom, I suppose. While I sold a bit during the rise in 2013, I still hold on to what many here would consider a significant amount. Plus I've diversified into other non-stock assets. I don't even think about selling more though, I've already made enough (and paid taxes on enough) profits to cover years worth of expenses that I'll dip into till the price starts rising again. I'm willing to wait years if needs be, I know that inevitably a majority of owners will start holding/hoarding again.
I still have my day job, too, which probably goes to show you how much I still consider it all still a gamble. :) I don't have enough to retire or work on bitcoin projects full-time, but I may someday.
@_date: 2014-07-28 16:51:56


You speak as if this hasn't already happened...
@_date: 2014-04-24 21:30:33
No, but I inquired about purchasing them via a third party and was told they were already under a contract. It was weird.
My belief was that someone with 100k+ coin is presently selling that coin via current market rates so that they can then just simply "acquire" the seized coin in return for the fiat they have already sold a huge amount of coin for. And they probably get to do it tax free and take a percentage of the fiat.
@_date: 2017-02-26 02:38:57
Thank you for clarifying, I made an edit. Not sure if folks will see it, but I made it regardless. Does it look better now?
@_date: 2014-10-28 14:10:16
Not quite, this is significantly more involved than that. It sounds like it would potentially use payments to set up "routes" or data tunnels connecting networks for data transmission over agreed-upon prices denoted in Bitcoin. 
Obviously there's more to it than just this, but suppose you could buy a VPS with Bitcoin and then purchase links to nodes on all the major ISPs via Bitcoin as well to ensure easy access for your customers. You wouldn't need to use Level3 or etc, and you'd have mathematical proof that no gov't agent is eavesdropping, either (aside from whatever exit nodes existed within such a system). I suppose right now the best way to describe it is an Internet on top of the Internet, but this one has a mechanism to pay very small amounts of Bitcoin for better data transfer capacity and it'd be mathematically ensured and (perhaps most-of-all) encrypted.
EDIT: I'm not sure ISPs or datacenters would like the idea of their customers reselling their network bandwidth for Bitcoin, but I'm not entirely sure how they could stop this. Also, if DNS was handled by Namecoin by default for such a system (or if this stealth addressing is secure), this would be revolutionary and could potentially disrupt pretty much every major ISP, content-distributor, ICANN and even gov't regulation of the Internet itself, similar to TOR. I'm not sure BitPay's prepared for the backlash. They should probably state whether or not they do name resolution via Namecoin or not.
@_date: 2017-02-23 15:36:04
No one stole anything yet. This is an example of responsible disclosure. Also, while this is huge for the field of cryptography, it isn't explicitly related to Bitcoin. In cryptography, collisions are just a way to mathematically signal that a particular hash function is no longer safe to use.
Imagine you have a picture of a dog that you can save as variable $dog within your code. You also have a picture of a cat with variable name $cat
You could then run through a SHA1($dog) to get something like this:
You could also get SHA1($cat) to get this:
Astute observers will see the hashes are different, so they can deduce that the contents of $dog and $cat are NOT the same without even having to view the pictures. This is important, because this is how a lot of computer programs determine if something is what it says it is.
So let's say someone comes up with a way to create a collision in SHA1 such that the picture of the dog, $dog, could be added with junk data, $junk, which they call [collision blocks in their example]( This combined data, which hashed with SHA1 then equals the hash of the SHA1 of the picture of the cat, $cat.
So essentially it would look like this:
SHA1($dog + $junk) = SHA1($cat)
In this example, they embedded the $junk in as metadata in the PDF header. This basically lets them create any PDF file they want that matches the SHA1 hash of any other PDF document.
EDIT: See what hvidgaard says below, it looks like it's an attack that has to be prepped instead, which means if you can fool someone into accepting SHA1($cat + $junk1), you can then give them SHA1($dog + $junk2) to completely match the first hash.
@_date: 2014-01-15 02:39:13
Competition would arise if it was legally possible. Several areas, even remote areas have government-mandated service. They don't just get to have a regional monopoly either, several of them get subsidies to run their monopoly, which is even more absurd.
@_date: 2014-07-22 15:24:01
Generally speaking, if you've read the whitepaper and you understand the technical reasons why it works, I think you're safe to answer Yes here. If the question was, "Do you know how to design a raw transaction and sign it using bitcoind?" then he would have asked that, I surmise.
@_date: 2014-08-15 20:44:35
The blockchain doesn't make demands, but it never forgets...
@_date: 2014-03-06 16:52:16
That is correct.
@_date: 2014-07-22 21:37:52
I wish this wasn't true, but judging by the people that I see investing without my advice among family and friends, I suspect it is.
@_date: 2014-07-05 19:49:09
If that's the case, and they are sure of it, why did they drop the charge? It'd be the best way to actually punish him and put him away for a very long time.
@_date: 2015-05-26 02:43:42
I've long suspected Goat has been doing this with occasional shill accounts, actually. Of course, proof is hard to come by, and it's safe to say that over the years the forum users (and a few regular IRC folks) who have been around a while have busted so many scammers and given theymos the evidence it could be any of them. Theymos has taken most of the "blame" when in reality it was the community themselves that busted them.
@_date: 2014-07-21 18:34:09
It's a really good article, actually, the title of it on is pretty poor, though.
@_date: 2015-05-18 13:48:38
Yeah. To an extent, that follow-up just made it sound even worse. The government seems to have given the money back without admitting any wrong-doing and left him with tons in legal fees in the process.
@_date: 2017-02-01 20:05:23
It also gives us an idea of how much their own staff believe in fiat money.
@_date: 2014-10-16 17:44:46
From an ad in the middle of the article...


It's things like this that have really sold me on dumping traditional investments.
Stock market analysts don't even have a clue so they are consulting with oracles, resorting to conspiracy theories, or adopting current newsworthy sentiments in other domains to justify market movements and increase those click-through rates. 
The fact there could be a shred of truth to these theories (possibly due to HFT, volatility, or lack of investment activity) only serves to prove why traditional investment is dead. Thank god Millenial investors aren't as easily duped by charlatans as the Boomers were.
@_date: 2014-09-25 20:48:50


If he looks like he cares, its less justifiable that we complain.
Key words: "looks like"
We all know he doesn't actually give a crap. He's making this easier for the Coinbases and Circles of the industry, and crapping on everyone else and he knows it. The banking industry knows it, too. They don't want to touch Bitcoin with a ten-foot pole while its still as competitive of an atmosphere as it is. They want it locked down.
Meanwhile, the Winklevosses can't get their ETF laywer to push for the final stage of approval till Lawsky finishes the regulations, so they're upset, too. Which is why they say crap [like this](
@_date: 2015-05-12 20:54:18


It's already priced in to an extent. Drastically changing the core algorithm for distribution would provoke "unfair" cries for a LOT of people. Early adopters *should* be rewarded.
@_date: 2015-05-04 19:42:29
The overhead might be otherwise fixed though. There's a reason why CEF trades at a premium to the underlying asset (gold+silver) whereas GLD trades below it. Given enough time, that overhead could become more reasonable and simply priced into the asset. I'm not sure how the Winklevoss are doing their ETF, but that one might trade below the actual BTC price like GLD if you wanted to wait for that one.
@_date: 2015-05-22 21:38:11
900k, and it has been identified so if he uses it he'd have to not value his anonymity.
@_date: 2014-09-29 16:04:41
Look on the bright side though, at least you don't have your banks repackaging the crap loans and selling derivatives based off of them to public sector retirement funds like my country was doing... :(
@_date: 2014-06-04 15:59:00
Yeah, it'll be interesting to see how SDRs change over the course of the next 5-10 years as well!
@_date: 2017-02-22 01:04:52
No, I'm saying Ver is an asset and willingly compiling with recommendations by his handlers.
The FISA court still makes rulings on what is allowed. "Turning" him is definitely allowed. There might have been some spying on him when he was last in the US, which you'll notice he's freely been moving in and out of after having been initially denied.
Also, when I say he's "Not a US citizen", I should probably specify that he's claimed he's not, but [he's never been published on any of the lists of those who have renounced their citizenship]( which is something that is required by law. I went through searching for his name and didn't see it in any of the years I've searched, he supposedly gave it up in 2014, but it's not in there. If you do find it, let me know.


Well, you'd think so, but that assumes they aren't already just hounds for the military/banking industrial complex instead of the country as a whole. :/ I'm not entirely sure they are going to be in that business anymore (toppling foreign powers for profit) since it's gotten too "loud" for them. I would imagine, and I've been saying for a while, that they (meaning US intelligence in general) should focus more of their spending on HUMINT than SIGINT. So yeah, it'd definitely be more helpful for that, but that assumes they focus more on people than mass surveillance.
@_date: 2017-02-20 14:35:49
The answer is actually really simple. Ver is not a US citizen anymore. FISA courts have determined this means former US citizens are "fair game" as far as the CIA is concerned. He's an asset, not a libertarian anymore.
@_date: 2017-02-02 15:13:40
It's a recognizable document that will never get copyright claimed. Pretty safe to use him as an example, honestly.
@_date: 2015-05-11 18:18:36
He addresses this argument here:












Another interesting thing to consider is that with shorter block times you also get less of a need for medium-sized miners to consolidate using pools, meaning **less mining centralization**.
Additionally, more independent mining means **more raw Bitcoin nodes**. It sounds like Sergio has made some pretty salient observations, convincing the developers and miners may require more than this, though.
Downside would be that space requirements could very much still be an issue and so would disk I/O. Also, there's the issue of latency that both Luke Dashjr and Peter Todd mention in their replies to Sergio's proposal.
@_date: 2015-05-18 14:19:13


@_date: 2014-10-16 17:22:13


Yes, I realize I'm only protecting from the theoretical here, but I'm answering the question of "Do you trust TOR alone?" with a "No. I do not." And I think more people should be answering that question in the same fashion.


I think the traffic can be handled fine for now, mostly because it looks like the majority of the TOR nodes send back to the network as a whole and we haven't seen any complaints yet, but anonymous people don't usually complain. Also, it's possible that TOR isn't even the solution I'm looking for...
I think a lot of what I describe could be mitigated if someone implemented what gmaxwell talks about [here]( Then this whole full node via TOR for friends/family stuff I'm doing could go away. AFAIK, this is a non-TOR solution he's advocating, basically creating Onion Routing with CoinJoin for Bitcoin itself. It's a step down from nearly full anonymity that [Zero Knowledge Proofs]( provide, IMHO, but would still be sufficient for most anonymity needs.
@_date: 2015-05-28 15:57:27
Thanks, but you should keep it. You've already done enough for me. You sold me my first Bitcoin over four years ago on  ;)
@_date: 2015-05-06 14:38:44
I'm curious. Gavin says 170gb a month isn't a problem for end users, but is he forgetting we need to build the blockchain on first usage? Assuming 6 months of 20mb blocks has already taken place, what will the users first month of usage building the block chain look like?
@_date: 2015-05-24 22:20:08
In the same way that the printing press took distribution of knowledge out of the hands of very powerful people, so too does the blockchain take distribution of wealth out of the hands of very powerful people.
@_date: 2014-08-01 16:22:42
Because as expensive as adopting Bitcoin might seem to them, it's still less expensive than lobbying. The blockchain is still able to fit on a $10 thumb drive, and even if it were operating at a VISA or Mastercard level, estimates have put it at growing at only 1TB per year. That's very manageable for any bank. That said, blockchain compression is still something that we could be working on and I still encourage it.
@_date: 2014-09-19 19:52:14
miner and hoarders that have fallen on harsh financial times.
@_date: 2017-02-04 04:31:22
As someone who follows events as he can, but used to be heavily involved and can't do the day-to-day attention to BTC news anymore, this link is awesome. Thank you very much!
@_date: 2017-02-10 15:40:01


But his point is still relevant, how do you know 90% are actually even signalling that? Worse still, what if they are signalling something they won't actually accept? Bitcoin Core has some of the same risks, but at least bad nodes can be ignored when they do bad things. By adding in a signalling mechanism, you'd also want to block nodes that don't do what they say they will. Does BU offer a way to block a node that signals one way but acts another? And if so, how do they get around the Sybil attack of false signalling on behalf of a node that is trying to be trustworthy but due to Sybil attack it looks like it isn't?
@_date: 2014-02-17 16:14:12
This is quite possibly the best explanation of ever. 
Even though I've been involved since late 2010, I still can't get over how silly some of the "news" is on here. I'm looking forward to this long slow drop we've been overdue for now. Its reminding me of June 2011 - November 2011 when everyone was so horribly negative and tried to put people into bull and bear camps even though people were still innovating on the blockchain.
That said, I'd rather *any* mention of it get posted here, good or bad, I want to hear the best and worst of cryptocurrency news here.
@_date: 2015-05-14 21:39:31
There is a 5% per year storage cost and they require you hold for at least one year before selling, I believe. That would mean it *should* trend to ~105% the current price of Bitcoin, though it might always sell at a slight premium to that accounting for the folks that have held for more than one year. 
No doubt most holders are less likely to sell for lower than the amount they bought in at as well, so the price is going to reflect that hesitation. The ones who know how to safely purchase and store Bitcoin on their own might have no issues with selling, but the ones who were just purchasing to add a Bitcoin asset to their portfolio might not be so inclined.
@_date: 2014-10-08 22:33:47
You need a "crony" before your "capitalist".
@_date: 2014-06-30 21:55:52
Please correct me if my math is wrong on this, I'll admit I'm not sure I'm doing this correctly.
We know from [this article]( that SecondMarket bid a total of $28.4m worth in value on the coins, right?
Assuming an even distribution of the bids and that they wouldn't bid twice on any one block in order to avoid competing against themselves, the lowest that their highest bid could have possibly been is $28.4m/~30,000 BTC or ~$946/coin. And remember, this is assuming the other bids were about the same price. Presumably, there would have been individuals willing to bid quite a bit higher and many lower, so their highest bid was probably significantly higher than that.
So doesn't that mean that if what Barry is saying is true, that means no one who bid less than ~$950/coin was able to purchase any? This doesn't seem believable. Maybe I'm reading that Coindesk article wrong? If not, then someone paid quite a hefty premium on the coin, honestly.
EDIT: I was wrong, read FJCSGI's comment below. Apparently they were just reporting internal bids on 48k BTC worth, therefore there isn't a good way to calculate the lowest of their highest possible bids.
@_date: 2014-01-24 21:35:50
Rule  of Bitcoin. No one important attends "Bitcoin Meetups". I've been involved since late 2010, the forums are our paradise, and lately, this subreddit. Meeting in meatspace seems like an unnecessary step.
EDIT since she's actually reading these: Also, *say something*. 
I didn't read in here that she gave a direct verbal response to the touchy-feely guy to knock it off. Saying something would have put him in his place. Additionally, the guy that seemed surprised that a girl was interested would have probably gotten over it quickly if she just told him she subbed to and/or read the forums and already knows she is part of the 2% or whatever of women that follow cryptocurrencies. 
Sound money is not something the typical gal cares about, so nothing he said really should have been off-putting. Maybe it was the way he said it that is a context clue she picked up on and I didn't get from her retelling of the comments. But nothing he said seemed technically incorrect. 
It is possible she was just attractive as well, in which case, this isn't really a Bitcoin-related problem, but just an issue with two specific people that could have appear in any group with typical anti-social nerds, not just a Bitcoin one.
@_date: 2017-02-28 22:09:21
It sounds like he's describing colored coins.
@_date: 2014-11-04 15:37:28
I used to never think there was bias among the editors till I read [Talk:Global warming]( More people would be better educated if they read up on the [demarcation problem of science]( and applied it to global warming.
It's possible and perhaps even likely that man has impact on climate, but the way we're going about it now is only pushing one erroneous model after another that all use CO2 as a basis, we should start introducing new ideas that include more than just CO2 emissions and start coming up with falsifiable statements that would make theories obsolete. The strength in a scientific theory isn't what it says could happen, but in what it says cannot happen.
Example: We will never find modern rabbit fossils in pre-Cambrian rock. That would blow evolution out of the water and require us to rethink everything about evolution as a theory. What is a similar falsifiable claim that global warming makes? To date, there are none, so I question anthropogenic global warming as a science (at least at present).
@_date: 2015-05-04 21:13:10
Well, to put it simply, CEF primarily holds physical gold. GLD purchases futures contracts on it via COMEX, I believe. You're right there's a lot of conspiracy theories, but I guess it depends on what you're concerned about. What makes COMEX a bit different than Shanghai Gold Exchange is that with the COMEX, only about 3% of the trading actually results in a gold delivery, where about 38% or so of Shanghai Gold Exchange results in a delivery.
CEF sells for a premium mostly because it always has. People know what they are getting and they've been around for forever and have a qualified reputation. GLD sells lower than the underlying asset maybe because it is well known they don't hold the physical asset.
You're right though. I don't know that either is a particular "solution" for the gold bugs that want to always hold it physically. 
I hold both physical assets and paper assets out of choice, mostly. Lately it's been more physical assets, but there are reasons to prefer one over the other. It's a lot of hassle and cost to take physical delivery, and you have storage and protection costs if you choose to go that route. Depending on your technical level, the same could be said about BTC, too, though.
I imagine there will be similar conspiracy theories about Bitcoin within a few years. :/
EDIT: I was wrong on GLD specifically, see lucasjkr's and my response below.
@_date: 2014-02-10 16:01:57
What about those of us that still don't consider the Bitcoin Foundation as a legitimate mouthpiece, so don't care what they do?
@_date: 2014-02-07 21:14:31
He was doing a cash withdrawal though, not BTC withdrawal. At least one early adopter I know (aside from myself, I don't leave anything on Gox after an incident 6 months ago) has about $750k still in there in cash from the first 2013 bubble, he could even be who this French guy was the liason for.
@_date: 2017-02-26 02:24:32
Wait, so there's an account that was trying to be sold, there's apparently proof that the Reddit account was likely sold, and it's the person proving the likelihood that it was sold that is being banned after the person running the account specifically asked for proof that it was being sold?
Are the Reddit admins asleep or something?
@_date: 2015-01-26 23:56:29
Just pointing out the obvious here, but this *is* a replacement for Cloudflare, right? Not a perfect system but good enough to get around most DDoS till it needs reconfigured?
@_date: 2016-01-20 19:09:21
It was my understanding that Artforz didn't necessarily create an ASIC, but instead configured some FPGAs for mining. He had limited success from what I remember, but he was definitely the first at it. FPGAs, of course, would go on to become basically blueprints for the first ASICs. 
For a number of months (almost a year, even) between January 2012 and January 2013, FPGAs and GPUs both mined side-by-side. The ROI on FPGAs was higher due to power costs, but the hash rate was considerably lower and the up front cost was a bit higher, too. FPGAs were still technically profitable till maybe mid-to-late 2013, but the ROI was very very long on them. ASICs were essentially non-programmable FPGAs.
The engineering done today to improve ASICs from generation to generation is vastly more significant than what we had then.
@_date: 2015-05-05 15:49:19
For me it was bandwidth problems and that running a TOR-only node seemed to cause my Internet connection to randomly die on me. [Insert conspiracy theory about agents trying to track down what hidden service (bitcoind) I was running here].
@_date: 2016-03-20 21:52:45
I was an early researcher into the SR tumbling bot to see how inputs and outputs worked. 
Sometime around August 2012 they started using a new tumbling mechanism, prior to that, much of what I [documented in a comment from several months ago]( seems to have been the old approach. I know there has to be other older Bitcoiners who analyzed SR and specifically pirate transactions into and out of this older tumbler system, but they haven't commented on Reddit, or on the forums. Also, on the BTCTalk forums there's a [thread about the 1Dky address]( which was shown to be an SR address back in August/July of 2012.
It was the shift in how the tumbler worked that intially made me believe Ross was actually telling the truth when he said he "stepped away" and another DPR took over. Now I'm not sure what to believe due to the evidence found on the laptop itself, but I do believe there are not-insignificant numbers of coins from 2011/2012 that are stored somewhere only Ross knows, and I highly doubt he'll ever admit it at this point, but it wouldn't surprise me if there was someone from a TLA that might have found something and kept quiet about it hoping to work with Ross or his family one day to free up those coin.
EDIT: [This is a link to a comment]( I made higher up in that thread.
@_date: 2015-01-14 15:48:57
Yeah, it looks like the last big BDD move was last March during that extremely quick fall to $300 on high volume. The only other two small time jumps past 10 million BDD appear to be around the time Silk Road and Ulbright coins moved.
For those wondering what we're talking about: 
To be fair, when the market bottomed out in November of 2011, we saw a BDD that matched that of the "top" the previous June. I think without that kind of a "confirmation" that a significant amount of coin has exchanged hands, it's hard to say there's been an actual reversal.
@_date: 2015-01-26 22:00:25
Is it just me or is the demo page not working?
@_date: 2017-02-23 16:13:43
Hopefully I didn't make any mistakes. :/ I thought about linking to it from somewhere up above, but I figure those that are interested will read most of the thread.
@_date: 2015-01-11 22:32:37
You'll note the "2" in my account name. The shadowbanning at least preserves your account, the admins previously would just flat out delete them. I lost an account with gold that I had made in 2007 in 2012, the admins wouldn't even tell me what I did wrong, but I suspect it was downvoting specific comments I found distasteful in @_date: 2015-05-13 18:19:38
Good point, I edited it to say "forced-vaccination" as that more aptly describes the opinion of some I've spoken to. I myself am pro-vaccination as well and I regularly make the logical arguments in favor of it to others. If we had actual forced vaccinations, though, I'd have a serious problem with it.
@_date: 2015-01-29 15:49:58
Yeah, and if you thought Gox was bad, wait for the next Bitcoinica (for those of you that remember). People will get Zhou Tonged again and the shorting traders get screwed. It's not pretty when that happens, either.
@_date: 2015-01-05 19:28:33


There's nothing factually inaccurate about my comment. Depositors are unsecured creditors by definition. The infographic shows that if one of the top 5 fails, there isn't enough in FDIC insurance to cover all their creditors. 
I don't need a pity upvote.
@_date: 2015-01-06 17:29:54
I'd buy the developers using some sort of centralized organization to fund them.
@_date: 2015-01-08 15:03:49
The fact there are no real altcoin competitors to Bitcoin is reason to be optimistic on side-chains, IMHO. That said, they are going to come with their own risks as well, but at least be convertible back to Bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-01-04 16:58:40
Yes, and I think it is one of epic proportions, too, especially if it's ETF-related. I guess my main advice here is to caution people against thinking that either there is going to be a quick bounceback, or that the price could not go lower. In fact, I think it's almost certain to if the ETF is about to drop. It's very hard for insiders to not game their advantage, even though doing so would be highly illegal. We're talking millions of dollars in profits if someone party to the underwriter-side of the ETF valuation is "in the know". Hell, the fact that the Bitlicense is almost here is a huge indication the ETF is about to drop anyway, I believe that's very nearly the last step for the ETF managers to be able to clear their buys/sells if they are really planning to operate like GLD.
What did the ETF value the price of 1 Bitcoin to, anyway? Wasn't it something like $100/coin? If so, that's going to be a huge drag on the price where it is currently at, even if there is initial interest in buying COIN shares from the Wall Street crowd. It's giving them a huge incentive to buy and keeping the Winklevoss gains to a minimum, though they obviously got to make some nice profit as well if their average price per coin is around $10-$12 or so like [I believe it to be](
@_date: 2015-05-05 15:12:19
I stand corrected and learned something new on this. GLD does take physical delivery, but they hold a very small amount of paper assets as well according to some filings. for example, as of today they own [23.848 million ounces]( per the website but their record of account says [23.799 million ounces]( That seems like a very small discrepancy and I wouldn't bother with the conspiracy theory types then that say paper is *all* they own.
@_date: 2015-01-20 05:03:55
The defense doesn't appear to be arguing this point. They claim he created the site, but that someone else took over the DPR name and did all the things the FBI claims Ulbricht did.
@_date: 2015-01-14 17:33:25
Luke, actually many European hosts (including OVH) require IDs to prove to European authorities that the owner is not from Europe and therefore not subject to VAT. I believe either DPR or Ulbright would have known that.
@_date: 2015-01-05 21:16:41
Imagine if you could invest in IPX/SPX or TCP/IP, then?
@_date: 2015-01-28 19:59:49
You might want to run some polls/survey on how many people would purchase if the price was cut in half. Even though I'd *really* like the hardware and can easily afford one, my biggest problem is that I want to do multi-sig 3/5 for both my personal and 3/5 for a business. That's like a total of 10 devices (or more if I have to have backups on hand for when my trustees lose/destroy them).
Even at just over $1k or more, it's still a small amount for many business needs, but my company also does consulting for other small and medium businesses that would like to store coin instead of doing 100% fiat conversions and it's not as easy for them to afford a 3/5 setup either. I'm not recommending getting a US retailer because I wouldn't trust them to not muck with the devices, but I think you may be underestimating just how many sales you could generate if you hit sub-100 prices.
@_date: 2014-12-10 17:40:25
The rouble has already tanked, though. In the last 6 months it's fallen 37% and since summer of 2008 it's fallen over 55%. I'd actually argue that Bitcoin as a technology works against Russian interests, even though their criminal sector is obviously doing well because of it. It's another scarce commodity to compete with oil.
There are some quarters of Russia that disagree with what Putin is doing, but unlike here in the US, where we are (rightly) questioning our government after these NSA revelations, Putin is enjoying some popularity with a tenuous majority who want to return to the "Old Guard" and nationalistic pride of Russia.
The big guys in Russia don't give a crap about the rouble because their businesses are in oil or other commodities (In Abramovich's case, both oil and aluminium) and a little currency turmoil doesn't hurt their bottom line. In turn, Putin and others in gov't can put up a little bit with their past transgressions, mostly because, in the end, these guys just want to run their empires and don't care as much about the day-to-day politics. Their families are made up of the aforementioned nationalistic citizenry, in fact.
It's kind of ironic that the US changed in such short time to mimic the old spy-on-everything Soviet Union. This is what happens when you do things like declare war on terrorism, though. It's a never-ending war, and it eventually sets up your own citizenry and businesses as the victims. Meanwhile, an old enemy has finished licking their wounds from its [1998 default]( and is apparently back in full form.
Somewhere along the line, the US and European gov'ts forgot who the real enemy was. There's signs that things have changed, though. You needn't look much further than what the US is working on with Iran to end sanctions to see it. I think the solution is to flood the markets with cheap oil to keep Russia in check. Between Iran and China, though, I'm not entirely sure the US is equipped intelligence-wise to make headway anymore. Too many years of people sitting on their rears checking automated intelligence systems has completely ruined skillsets that used to be superior.
Anyway, so back to Bitcoin and the billionaires, they just have no incentive. What use is Bitcoin to a steel magnate? These guys are already billionaires, they don't need to hoard some imaginary currency likely created by a Westerner, especially when their colleagues are stealing and selling it (Russian mafia and/or Russian intelligence). To them, Bitcoin is low-level stuff. That said, it might not be for forever, so it could be to their own detriment. I suppose it's possible one of them might find it worth hoarding at at some point.
@_date: 2015-01-12 18:18:49
Tenebrix/GG had like a 7 million coin pre-mine if I remember right. I'm not familiar with "Weeds", but I'll be honest I kind of stopped following altcoins after I0Coin failed. I figured if people weren't willing to basically do an exact clone of Bitcoin without the Satoshi/early-miner advantage, then none of the alts were ever going to actually succeed unless they could beat Bitcoin on its own fundamentals: "a medium, a measure, a standard, a store."
Litecoin attempted, like other early alts, to beat Bitcoin on **medium** by having faster confirmations, but [as you indicate here]( it only complicated confirmations. It also tried to be a more "fair" **store** by being ASIC-resistant, but ultimately succumbed to it. As a **measure**, it is comparable to Bitcoin due to its scarcity, though there will always be four times as many of it. And finally, as a **standard** it might be better than other non-developed alts, but it will always be secondary to Bitcoin. 
Honestly, the most it could be used for is washing Bitcoin, of which other alts already do in more interesting exchange-less ways, at least in concept (even if in practice they are still quite bad at it due to volume limitations).
@_date: 2015-01-12 16:13:43
And Namecoin before that, but to a certain extent, Litecoin/GeistGeld/Tenebrix were the first "different PoW" alts using scrypt instead of double-sha256 and created mostly by ArtForz. I almost think of them the same since really the only difference was the horrible start Tenebrix had. From what I remember, Freicoin was around that time as well, though it was the same PoW as Bitcoin.
@_date: 2016-03-22 16:03:38
That's the guy who ran Bitfloor. I used their services for a while in summer 2012 and have not gotten a similar letter myself but I can let you know if I do. He supposedly [got hacked]( and then told people and said that they'd get some outside funding in order to stay operational and I think it fell through. 
I think I lost maybe $20 total, so they might not even send a letter to me. It was kind of a close call because prior to that I had quite a bit more in there, but my withdrawal processed before they actually closed down.
If it's saying it is drug-related, that'd be really weird and make me question the authenticity. As far as I remember it was just a hack that took them down, not a DEA seizure.
@_date: 2015-01-04 15:44:41
As someone active on the forums since 2011, I don't know if I'd call him a scammer, but he is absolutely one of the biggest blowhards in the community. Wasn't it shown it was actually him running the MPOE-PR or whatever it was account? Also, wasn't he found to have some shady porn on the same host as his exchange?
EDIT: [Here, found this](
Also [this is the trust page that talks about a scammed bitbet.us user](
@_date: 2015-01-08 15:06:15
Why aren't you securing them yourself using a BIP38 wallet? Leaving them in an exchange is not holding your own coin.
@_date: 2015-01-02 22:49:26
Gox had warning signs going off for years, honestly. Remember that they had a US bank account actually raided/closed and were horrible at getting cash to their selling customers for almost all of 2013.
@_date: 2016-03-15 16:11:52
It's probably worth noting that the 1TB drive comes with the appropriate cable for the Raspberry PI, too, and bundled all together it might make more sense. You're saving maybe $20 for a significantly smaller drive.
@_date: 2015-01-26 17:34:21
It looks interesting. Kind of like a bitcoinity graph with the orderbook on screen.
One thing to note seems to be that if you make an API key, it does seem to bypass your two-factor authentication. This should be obvious to most people, but I know a reasonable number of folks were scammed via API key bypass on the old Coinbase so I figured I'd point it out.
@_date: 2015-01-14 17:15:59
Not to mention he gets to retain some of the top Bitcoin talent with what he's doing, if he's backing 100 Bitcoin startups and even only 5 of them succeed, he's still got a reasonable chance of, over the long haul, making up big time for that investment in talent. Not a bad deal for 1-5% of your net worth.
@_date: 2015-01-14 17:27:44
Well, I'll be honest, I didn't mean to speculate there's an actual doomsday scenario, I just thinking whatever this is is likely mining related and seems to be impacted by difficulty. Bitcoin itself should be just fine, even if we do see some higher confirmation times for a while.
@_date: 2015-01-02 15:28:53
Yeah, it's called complaining about "naked shorting" while increasing the number of shares outstanding. It's basically doing something along the lines of the opposite of Bitcoin, where you increase the number of outstanding shares without people knowing that you have done so. This means you can keep a price high while artificially inflating the market cap, at some point though, people pick up on the "truth" that you've inflated the supply, usually when they check with the FTC or your state's Secretary of State on your shares outstanding
@_date: 2015-01-26 22:06:32
So is it $10k or $100k? There's a discrepancy between the title and this post...
EDIT: NVM, the article cleared it up. They are doing per month amounts.
@_date: 2015-01-15 15:50:49
I think that was his point, hence the hashtag. He was pointing out a flaw in the average reasoning.
@_date: 2014-07-14 22:29:44
For those of us who were around in 2010, I'm not sure any of us thought we'd ever see the phrase "only 9gh".
@_date: 2015-01-07 18:27:10


If it was a loophole, wouldn't that mean it was legal?
@_date: 2015-01-22 16:18:18
Well, I'm not going to claim to know what Second Market is doing, but there are ETFs (exchange traded funds) and ETNs (exchange traded notes) and Second Market might be going the second route. In the ETF case, a trader (ie, you) owns the underlying security, whereas in the ETN case, you (the trader) own the debt note signifying ownership in the company. ETNs usually have  the commodity they are trading on-hand, however, whereas ETFs often have paper representations (in the form of a combination of futures contracts and the acutal commodity) of the underlying asset.
Obviously there's more to both, but ETNs have a significant tax advantage over ETFs and might be easier to create because they use debt notes and are thus NOT securities in the direct sense. I'm not sure if this puts them out of the range of the SEC, but they are probably regulated differently at the least. An example of ETFs are GLD and SLV, examples of an ETN would be like CEF and ERO.
@_date: 2017-02-13 00:00:18
It went from $1 in 2011 when Gavin gave his CIA talk with 20k nodes to $1000 today and under 6k nodes.
@_date: 2015-05-04 21:50:29
It was a combination of a database limitation and block size.
@_date: 2016-03-25 15:55:05


Bernie supporters astound me. Do you not realize that when they say "fair share" they are talking about screwing over the working middle class because that's the only way to get consensus in Washington when the crony capitalists and special interests control everything else? 
Your family, your friends, that couple that run the diner you like to frequent, the shop-owner you go to down the street because he's more personal and knowledgeable than a big-box store.
Those are the people who are going to get screwed by Bernie's policies, and you're okay with that because maybe government isn't big enough? What kind of person justifies their philosophical beliefs with the fact that screwing over hard-working people might make the world a bit fairer?
@_date: 2015-01-01 20:56:57
There's also supposedly a follow-up episode with the lawyer (Jason Biggs) from S3E13 where he needs help tracking down a child pornographer on TOR I think. I never saw the episode, but someone told me that it existed. The way they end the episode on Bitcoin is probably more true to a real life depiction of Satoshi than most people imagine, as a good portion of folks still think it's the work of one person and one person alone.
@_date: 2015-01-04 15:21:15
I think it's a good evaluation, but you are correct that there are operations that have started up solely to accumulate coin. I was mining with 6 video cards as the price fell to $2 in November 2011. When the price of coin fell to $2, I was only making $0.10 in profit for every $2 earned, and that wasn't even counting the cost of video cards. I, and many others, were in the process of buying coins to hedge against mining losses at this point, and I had a few thousand dollars set aside to accumulate while these lows were being hit. 
People were saying this was the "end of Bitcoin" and that there was no way miners would continue to mine. Indeed the price fell hard, and the difficulty along with it, but Bitcoin didn't die, and it won't die this time either, but believe me, if there ever was a time to NOT buy into Bitcoin with your life's savings, that time is now, the crash from $5 to $2 was particularly rough for some forum members, there were guys in Europe that had lost thousands of dollars between coins and equipment they'd bought and were frantically trying to sell their video cards to US miners, who were increasingly avoiding Bitcoin because the "free money" was getting harder and harder to come by.
But, that said, there is a silver lining. When Bitcoin price hits this sort of bottom, people stop building miners and start buying coin directly, especially industry-types that know Bitcoin is a scarce commodity and can be manipulated as such. There are always people who will mine, even mining at a loss, but they *are* very few in number. To a certain extent, Satoshi, Hal, Druid, Laszlo, and all of the other early old miners were this type of person, they were "wasting" computer cycles on something worth nothing.
I have little doubt that the bottoming of Bitcoin price will reduce the network back down to just those miners willing to take the losses and foster the network. I also highly suspect the price moves today are as a result of the ETF. Remember folks that this is as if someone is selling [about 200,000 Bitcoin]( While one could argue that 200k is "priced in", that's a lot harder to say when the orderbooks on the buy side in the exchanges are significantly thin and not able to match the competition that 200k in Bitcoin would bring to the table. This is also Wall Street money, so someone with insider knowledge of what the COIN ETF is being underwritten for is going to have a high incentive to participate via external channels, possibly even in foreign markets.
IMHO, this is just the drop we've known all along was going to hit prior to the "Wall Street" phase of Bitcoin. My guess is that within the next two weeks, the Bitcoin ETF is going to get some significant news dropped.
@_date: 2015-01-03 00:54:17


I thought some guy had already established that a number of these "news" sites were scams or had pay-for-article sponsored stories as well. Check out [this link]( 
Having sponsored news articles is nonsense, journalists should be happy to write about anything they get wind of, and if their readers question it, do a followup story and ask hard-hitting questions. Maybe someone needs to do another update on which news sites are legit, cause folks around here sound like they're really into alt-coins and other things we've known for long time are often straight up scams.
@_date: 2015-01-26 21:13:40
Covenants used to handle these sorts of things in the Wild West (esp regarding grazing rights), they have almost been all but forgotten by people in this day and age. There are ways to solve almost every problem without government intervention, just because the government solution is the most obvious to people of the present doesn't mean it's the **right** one.
I always like to point, too, that there are presently no laws on the books governing ownership of nuclear weapons on private property to show how absurd the examples used are. If there's no law today, why is this a legitimate example? The government is Captain Hindsight, they always pass a law AFTER 
@_date: 2015-01-13 23:07:36
I made a down payment on a house from a Bitcoin sale I made last August. Bought Xmas presents with it in November at the peak. I'm mostly a hoarder though, I could have sold a lot more. I did sell some from a mining business I was running in early 2012, and the taxes I had to pay were ridiculous for 2013, especially since we didn't have the rules till like March 2013, so I had a lot of work I had to do.
I don't try to time the tops, it's just not worth it. When/if it eventually hits a point I can retire, I'll sell enough to retire comfortably, but that's about it, and I might still leave a reasonable amount in there simply because I'm bad at timing tops.
@_date: 2015-01-06 17:27:44
Umm,  has happened already. It gets hushed a lot but if you search for it, you'll find examples.
@_date: 2015-01-29 16:12:39
I think a lot of Redditors actually understand that China was going to do this, and no doubt SL was fully aware this was going to eventually happen, but the route they are taking is the wrong one. They should instead slightly lower their fees, the individuals that want the official product may be happier in larger numbers to buy the more secure device for a slightly lower price. This would probably hurt the Chinese manufacturers more than the route they are currently taking, which only encourages abandonment of SL. They can only charge a premium effectively for so long... surely they were aware of that when they started work on it. 
Was their plan all along when this started to happen to try to backdate a license change and abandon the open source route? I think that's why people are quick to call them "liars", if they intended to do this from the beginning, why say it is going to be open source at all?
@_date: 2016-03-22 15:38:08


I didn't research into that, all I'm doing is kind of corroborating what a lot of us knew already about VJ's claim that there is ~300-400k worth of "other" coin.
@_date: 2015-01-06 02:04:52
Investing in IPX/SPX would have been a poor decision as both went nowhere whereas TCP/IP and even UDP/IP is quite prevalent today.
I guess what I'm saying is that it highlights the risks of investing while still keeping to his analogy. The block chain could be IPX/SPX or TCP/IP, we won't know till we see what ends up getting built on top of it.
@_date: 2015-01-05 15:34:53




Well, the landscape is changing. At last comment, [Fed officials have been saying that bail-ins are likely](
"[a new authority established by law]... now offers a mechanism for recapitalizing and restructuring the institution by imposing losses on shareholders **and creditors**."
"First, and most obviously, one goal is to get to the point where all market participants understand with certainty that if a large SIFI were to fail, the losses would fall on its shareholders **and creditors**, and taxpayers would have no exposure."
Also, [this infographic puts into perspective what FDIC insurance really is]( Sure, they can handle a small bank failing, but they cannot survive any of the big 5 banks failing, which is why a federal governor is saying these things about SIFI (Strategically Important Financial Institutions, aka Too Big Too Fail)
Make no mistake, the next time a major bank fails, they will be taking deposits.
@_date: 2016-01-27 20:51:00
Suppose NASA was asked to put together a mission to Mars. They might ask for the specifications on the load requirements for vendor equipment (Exchanges), and ask American scientists what projects should be performed (Bitcoin End Users &amp; Redditors), and even have an actual private partner design the rocket engines (Bitcoin Miners), but if the vendors were beseeching the scientists and rocket engineers to tell NASA how much of the vendor's equipment the rocket had to contain, we'd be up in arms. 
Worse still, if there was evidence the vendors were creating fake scientists out of nowhere to make these claims (as several of these "increased blocksize at any cost" accounts were), we'd be questioning the legitimacy of the vendors and not NASA, right?
@_date: 2016-01-20 21:26:00


The problem Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies had early on in gaining base support was the lack of crossover among geeks who were interested in economics, cryptography, and then later, software engineering.
There were some people who were huge into cryptography and software engineering, but not economics, so they wouldn't have given Bitcoin any of their time. Even some of us who were involved early on didn't really give Bitcoin much time or thought, even though we were passionate about it and owned a handful. 
You could probably suspect that most of the people who have "Legendary" accounts on the Bitcointalk forum that created their accounts in 2010, 2011, or even into much of 2012 were probably hugely into two of the three things, if not all three. I would say artforz was one of the early examples of someone who was into all three, or at least had the engineering/cryptography skills, even if he didn't last too long on the economics side (no one knows where he disappeared off to after 2011).
A good example of someone who knew about cryptography and economics but wasn't an expert in engineering was Casascius, who made the early Casascius coins. Someone who knew cryptography and software engineering but not economics was ngzhang, who led a team with xiangfu to create one of the very first purchasable ASICs. Friedcat had maybe the business acumen as well, but wasn't a cryptography or engineering expert (that I know of), he just had a great team.
The thing is, these people were around and knew quite a bit, but the amount of money it cost to do a first ASIC run was NOT cheap at all. Keep in mind the price at this point in time is between $2-$15 per coin some people maybe own a hundred or even one thousand coin, but none of these guys has the $100k to put up to run the fabric by themselves. Nowadays $100k is a drop in the bucket for an early adopter, but at the time, no one had any wealth outside of what they were spending on coins, so it was going to take a real risk/gamble to be the first person to do it.
@_date: 2015-01-04 16:12:03
Do you think Karples is being gagged? I've always wondered why no one wants to talk about the likelihood from what he is saying that he really was being forced by US authorities to not talk about certain things.
Since you were the one talking to him frequently around the time and presumably have knowledge of what he was doing, what do you think? If you want, you can message me directly, I have a friend who is a Donator on BTCTalk that is interested as well and has said you appear to be a neutral party to whatever "goings on" there were behind the scenes at Gox.
From what I understand, almost everyone that sold on there in 2013 ended up having to rebuy in order to actually withdraw. Myself included.
@_date: 2015-01-14 17:25:27
I see what you were meaning right now. Yeah, I expect a trend reversal with a high BDD. I do realize this is kind of opposite what you'd expect conventionally, but some miners that hoard are horrible at timing markets. I sort of think that's what happened last time, and with difficulty also falling, I think that might be happening here as well. Whatever this is, I have a feeling it mining or mining-company related.
@_date: 2016-01-27 21:00:35
Good to know he's still active and defending his liberties, then. I was under the impression they'd beat him into submission.
@_date: 2015-01-22 16:06:35
No, but if Microsoft implemented a side-chain of Bitcoin, they could have all the neutral, decentralized, and open-source advantages of Bitcoin backing their own infrastructure. I'm not saying that's what they are doing, but it might make sense if they did. Building on top of the blockchain fixes a lot of initial hurdles for those looking to jump into crypto-currencies. If the side-chain stuff takes off, it could really revolutionize the way people look at Bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-01-05 21:10:12
This is a significant enough amount that, if serious, he should highly consider purchasing a Trezor or other device and doing multi-sig when possible. It will take some reading to get familiar with, and he'll want to test with fractions of coin first as well. 
I would not recommend more than 5% of one's net worth be *invested* in Bitcoin at any given point in time, regardless of what amount it grows to represent.
@_date: 2015-01-02 23:04:40
I guess the thing I don't get is why are people posting about this so much on suddenly? I never even heard of this Paycoin or GAW or anything till what seems like this week when it started hitting the front page and people were screaming "scam". 
How did something like this get so popular to begin with when I don't remember it even being advertised in here? I mean, where did these folks who are getting scammed even come from? I thought it was common knowledge that the altcoins were all mostly scams.
@_date: 2015-01-02 20:13:22
Better he has it then the scammer, right? In all honesty, NOT having the public forum sounds like a worse situation than having it so people can grill him on the questions he isn't answering at this point.
@_date: 2015-01-12 19:04:25
Shoot, I had nearly forgotten about multicoin. I suppose I didn't pay enough attention at the time.
@_date: 2015-01-15 15:52:28
Crap, I had no idea they were finally in beta!
@_date: 2015-01-14 15:51:24
Don't try to time the bottom, just do slow weekly buys if you must, but if you're trying to time the bottom you might get disappointed and buy in when it's rising again causing further volatility.
@_date: 2015-01-02 20:34:02
This does look like a clear scam. Don't you think he should be reamed in public for it though? 
I don't get why people want to ban him from the conference when at this point he could use that as an excuse to not have to talk to people. The Q/A period expanding sounds like a great idea, and people should compile and ask the hard questions that need asked. I'd personally like to see someone ask him why they issued a Cease and Desist to Coinfire and if he'd be willing to give the name and contact info of the Amazon employee he is supposedly working with to a trusted member of the community to confirm exactly what sort of relationship he is claiming exists between them.
Getting him banned from a conference gives him too easy of a route to dodge such questions. Also, someone should film it and put it up on Youtube afterwards as well. BFL tried to pull this same crap and all the Youtube videos of BFL Josh were a great example of how NOT to deal with the public.
@_date: 2016-03-08 14:59:19
While it is true that a huge influx of people came after the UI, a significant number of us had already left due to [Digg censoring the AACS encryption key]( some months to a year or so before that. Most of us were libertarians or free speech advocating liberals. The rest of you came over after accepting that Digg was okay with censorship.
I see some parallels with Reddit and Voat today.
@_date: 2015-01-27 15:19:39
But still closer to right than a short-term (3 months or less) Bitcoin trader.
@_date: 2015-01-14 17:05:16
I'll be completely honest. I think two things are happening:
1. The ETF is about to drop and it values BTC at closer to $100 than where it is today.
2. The Chinese miners and traders are selling because they are afraid this is like every other digital currency and it will eventually implode entirely.
@_date: 2016-03-17 18:08:10
And nobody seems to be noticing that your comment is the most relevant comment here, either.
We see these crazy predictions but so few of them have been backtested all the way to 2010 when it first had a value at all. There's a few people on the BTCTalk forums that have backtested them, though, and they seem to mostly be holding and waiting right now.
@_date: 2016-03-24 22:00:57


[Hanlon's razor]( would seem to indicate it is indeed stupidity.
Really, the only thing holding back gold and Bitcoin is legal tender laws (specifically that they are taxed, but also because they cannot be used a legal tender). That's why Lightning Network and sidechains are so important. If we can remove Bitcoin itself from the value side of things for the end-user, we can eliminate the petrodollar/trade dollar.
More info on the history and why "legal tender" matters [here](
@_date: 2015-01-04 17:27:52
That's a fair assessment. I suppose we'll find out eventually assuming the US ever does release the funds or gives us insights into what amount exactly they were gagging him for. I got the impression at the time it was maybe only a few million in USD that was seized, but I never understood how that actually affected the slow withdrawal times.
I also still wonder how solvent they really were after the June 2011 hack. I got the impression at the time that the attacker drove down the price in order to withdraw the maximum number of coin that he could possibly get. Karples said they caught/stopped the withdrawal before it happened and I didn't think much of it. Then, years later, after hearing them oddly blame transaction malleability for their woes, my thoughts immediately drifted back to that hack and the circumstances surrounding it.
@_date: 2014-10-17 18:56:49


No, and for god's sake, please continue to be vocal about it. You won't upset anyone that matters and I mean that. A lot of the folks in charge are where they are because they think they have the "pulse of the world" under consideration but the more you can show they don't, the better it'll be for those of us intent on replacing them.
@_date: 2015-01-20 16:24:08
It's not just Mike. This is a system that allows any developer to get paid to work on specific functionality. That *could* be Bitcoin development work, but it could be any number of projects. I think you might be confusing what the purpose of the project itself is used for.
@_date: 2015-05-28 16:08:12
I think Profile3D's point was simply that actions speak louder than words.
@_date: 2015-01-20 07:32:54
I'm not arguing that it's a good defense, but the circumstances surrounding the situation does kind of cast reasonable doubt, which I guess the defense is totally relying on. Whether that is a fool's errand or not is what is being tested right now.
Regardless of one's opinion on the case, it is still quite fascinating to watch.
@_date: 2017-02-23 15:15:22


No, but I don't know what kind of leverage they could amass against me, to be honest. What if they disabled my dead man's switch and gained access to the multiple locations needed to essentially hold my bitcoin wealth from me?


His plea deal could be seen as "conceding against jackbooted thugs" if you still want to take the opinion that their actions were horribly deplorable to begin with, so it isn't all that hard to see him conceding yet again.
@_date: 2014-02-11 04:50:26
So if the US outright bans Bitcoin Russia and China are going to as well? I don't think so, they'd use Bitcoin freedoms to poach intelligent people. Same goes with vice-versa or etc. My point is that whicever of the three least limits Bitcoin gets the brains, talent, and wealth of the Bitcoin network, someone that has only grown in influence and power over time.
@_date: 2016-03-21 17:44:19
Look up all the posts of a guy named "pirateat40":
There were tons of mining pools that had shady histories as well. GPUMax was a for-pay mining pool that paid better than normal BTC mining rates, mostly because it was used as a laundry for early SR merchants, or so a few of us suspected. As to how legit that business was, I'm not sure.
My post history isn't going to be as detailed because my first Reddit account was deleted by the Reddit admins back before they implemented shadowbanning.
@_date: 2016-03-16 14:51:19
None of them.
@_date: 2016-01-26 20:44:05




Tried actually doing this lately?
@_date: 2015-01-14 17:10:37


Is there an easy way to determine total volume traded across exchanges? I'm just wondering because I've been interested in a way to do that. It was a lot easier to figure things back when MtGox/BTC-E were the only two exchanges.
@_date: 2016-01-20 21:37:17
Well, I'm not too keen on engineering data. I do know the Radeon 3850s were among some of the best bang-for-your-buck GPU miners. I ran two farms of these if I remember the model number right. It's sad that a lot of the GPU comparison data has kind of been lost over time. You might be able to find some posts from 2011/2012 about GPUs in the mining section of the Bitcointalk forum. You are right that the shaders were essentially what turned out the best hash power. My Sapphire 3850s were running somewhere in the 300 MH/s range if I remember correctly. I went with that specific make/model because the overclocking was safest with them.
@_date: 2014-02-25 17:56:09
If it's voluntary, then no, it's not. But exchanges audited by trusted individuals in the community would go a long ways. Look at how United Laboratories has been making sure household appliances are safe if you need a real world example of this.
@_date: 2016-03-15 15:37:32
This is impressive. I like Trezor, but I don't trust Bits of Proof or being forced to use a web interface.
@_date: 2015-05-28 15:36:27
For those of you interested in the details of that hard fork:
[BIP 50 post-mortem on the last hardfork](
[Double-spend showing why the fork was a problem for the exchanges more than the miners](
[Chat logs showing  during the hard fork]( Scroll down to 23:07 to see what sgornick describes above. Luke-jr basically wants to know what code MtGox is on, shortly thereafter at 23:28, Eleuthria decides to revert to old fork since the pre-0.8 clients would never recognize the 0.8 fork. He was the operator of BTC-Guild, the largest mining pool at the time that had forked to 0.8 code. I believe Luke-jr was asking because Eligius was also on 0.8 code at the time. From there it was obvious that the major miners cared more about what code the biggest exchange was on (because their users would want to be able to sell their mined coin).
@_date: 2016-03-21 14:41:34
This is correct and what I meant. GPUMax didn't do enough business to justify all the laundering, in my honest opinion. Yes, it did large amounts here and there in late 2011 and early 2012, but the ponzi wasn't in full swing till April/May 2012, and GPUMax was mostly dead from around Spring 2012 till Summer 2012. It seems pretty clear he was laundering via some other method at that point.
There was evidence presented that Trendon also possibly used SR services in some of the threads about him from 2012. There are so few people talking about the pirate and SR link and the very suspicious circumstances between the collapse of his ponzi, the rise in price, and the changing of the way the SR tumbler worked, that I often think I'm the only one that recognizes this could be more than a coincidence.
I believe that in the 1Dky thread there is even a block trail proof of someone having invested in the ponzi seeing their money having eventually gone into 1Dky (after two or three other transaction hops). I believe it was around that time that one of the IRC regulars (Vandroiy?) made a public 5000 BTC bet against pirate that he was running a ponzi, and nanotube ran as the escrow.
You'd be surprised the number of old Bitcoiners that dealt with the [scams, hacks, and ponzi's]( back in 2011-2012 that are probably still holding coin and have a veritable wealth of knowledge about early Bitcoin history and for some reason just aren't talking openly to correct common errors that people make. Just looking at this thread alone, the sheer number of people that don't understand how SR or MtGox operated and repeat what was said by journalists and law enforcement is ridiculously high. And it's mostly noise, too, as we're talking about the non-auctioned coin.
@_date: 2016-03-17 17:55:49
Am I reading the fee right? .59 BTC? Isn't that rather high?
@_date: 2016-03-28 20:31:56
The levels used should have raised along with inflation. I don't like being treated as if I'm a criminal just because I don't want to share information with gov't agents who we know from Force and Bridges [can and will use the tools available to them]( to rob people.
@_date: 2016-03-22 14:01:41


I forgot to reply to this in my other comment.
In short, BitcoinAverage had a bug. I ended up using mtGoxUSD chart on bitcoincharts.com. Eventually I was able to do some price analsysis going back to 2010. In short, 2016 is going to be boring for price, though we might see a bit more "action" in the 300-500 ranges before the end of the year. 2017 and 2018 I expect will see more movement in gradual accumulation (and thus an increase in price) and 2019/2020 may end up being a roller-coaster ride. But keep in mind I'm using analysis methods that Mandelbrot talked about in one of his books. The method seems to work really well for commodities, which I'm thinking of Bitcoin as more and more nowadays.
It's still a very risky asset, obviously, but assuming it stays around and we're still using it here in a few years, I think it's inevitable that it operates like other commodities, which is rather bullish on price over a long enough span of time.
@_date: 2015-05-11 15:20:25
You're right, people don't realize that the free market has already given us a condition whereby if any company started regulating specific site use, they would be immediately vilified. 
Net neutrality legislation will happen when they are able to find something "worth" limiting/blocking that the public will agree to, once it's in place, they can then expand on what is "legal" and "illegal" use, and they will absolutely do it under the guise of network neutrality like they tried to do with sopa/pipa. They'll make [process arguments]( saying that they have to make all the illegal traffic slow or non-existent in order to make the legal traffic "net neutral".
We caught the guise last time, but future attempts might not be so easy to thwart. But you can mark my words, content providers and the organizations today replacing the RIAA and MPAA will absolutely try again.
@_date: 2015-01-12 15:34:08
Loads of examples. Hell, [the term for it]( is even named after the best example. I do agree with you that Gavin's comments aren't going to pump the price, though. I think he genuinely wants people who don't understand Bitcoin to not use it.
@_date: 2016-01-30 04:59:06
Hearn didn't seem to flinch at the [problem I was having a year ago]( though I doubt he'd have been a part of a process to actually deanonymize users. 
@_date: 2014-06-26 19:26:22
User fees, possibly small excise taxes, like the US was for around a century. I should probably specify this is for national gov't, too. I care more about limiting its size right now than the individual states, but I'd argue there might be need for some regional-based government as well. Such a government would probably need to collect something other than user fees to pay its taxes, depending on its scope. Unlike modern non-archists, however, I definitely don't *worship* the state. 
I like the Calvin Coolidge quote, "The collection of any taxes which are not absolutely required, which do not beyond reasonable doubt contribute to the public welfare is only a species of legalized larceny." This is why I side with anarchists far more often than those that would agree with me there should be some form of government.
@_date: 2016-03-22 16:23:14
[Looks like you might be right]( It's weird, I had no idea Bitfloor hobbled along for almost another year before shutting down permanently. Since he didn't comment on what happened that closed their US account, presumably it was this DEA thing?
@_date: 2016-03-21 15:34:00
More truth to this statement than most people will probably ever know. We KNOW he was working with someone else and he even edited some of his initial posts about GPUMax to hide the fact that these individuals existed as the ponzi started to be called out. These "don't ask don't tell people" were edited out of his initial Bitcoin S&amp;T thread, but were "quoted" on the forum [here]( so we have them for posterity's sake.
@_date: 2014-07-29 21:06:03
This, so much this. Not everyone is sitting on "1 whole Bitcoin" and waiting for it to go to $1 million dollars per coin. Some of us have many coins stored on paper or offline wallets we guard with our lives and have been waiting a long while for secure offline storage provided for by the likes of Armory and TREZOR.
@_date: 2017-03-10 20:31:12
The COIN ETF applied to be on the BatsBZX exchange. It will be "approved" by a rules change that will be posted on this page:
For what it is worth, decisions of this nature might be made after the markets close. Obviously that's never in Bitcoin's case, but it's still kind of an SEC tradition to wait till US stock markets close.
@_date: 2016-01-15 22:26:28
I know a few people who were involved in 2010 that have even less but still "believe in Bitcoin". People have different investment philosophies. Also, not everyone has the benefit of hindsight, either. Not everyone was sure this was going to work or fail spectacularly. Hearn thought it should be a payments network, so it shouldn't be surprising that he only really had a few hundred.
As others have said, throwing a few thousand dollars into Bitcoin now doesn't seem silly if you have millions. If you are a programmer making maybe $80k/year in 2010, throwing a few thousand into a risky currency that maybe a few hundred people are using (and has swings of %20 or more in a single day) might seem kind of silly.
@_date: 2016-03-20 22:55:43


It's a sad testament to the state of faith in the US intelligence agencies right now that this could be possible and cannot be ruled out. I've contemplated that myself, but if that was the case, the defense and Ross himself would have taken a much different tone I think both before and after sentencing.


They likely raided his living space post-arrest and someone could have found his thumb drives from there with personal coin. He could have had one well-encrypted cold storage with a very unique password and one personal storage, possibly with a more commonly-used password. I'm just speculating obviously, but I think it's possible someone could have insisted they be a part of the "raid" and have pocketed something they kept hidden from the other LEOs. 
Again, huge speculation here. It's possible, but aside from Variety Jones's insistence that this is happening, we don't have any other evidence right now. It'd be helpful if someone from the law enforcement community reached out to Bitcoin experts to look into their own if they suspected VJ could be telling the truth, but part of me is still suspicious how he survived the collapse of SR to begin with.


Pretty interesting theory, if that were true. It didn't make sense that he had a diary to begin with, but logs on his computers implicated two federal agents as it was, and with the IRS's help, they found and proved who the agents were. I'm not sure if this happened, but it would have only really shown he had a "backup plan" to fake the loss of the coin in case he was arrested for some reason. I think that's cool to theorize, but probably didn't happen for real.
On the off-chance someone reading this is from the law enforcement community and have such logs, I'm sure the Bitcoin community would love to see them and follow the block trail to see where they might have ended up.
@_date: 2017-03-07 20:23:36
It's news to the 98% of the Western world that isn't already programmers, fintech, system administrators, military software contractors, or the staff that already use the tools or administrate the folks that do.
@_date: 2016-03-26 13:34:37
I love the fact that nowadays their version of Doomsday is Bitcoin going to $1. I remember when it was in the $1-$10 range and the Doomsday scenario was it was going to $0.01.
@_date: 2014-07-31 14:50:05


Do you have a source or proof of that? In the US Depression, utilities didn't stop working, they just mostly became unaffordable to most people. They still existed, though, and a decade later were in the same sort of use. People just had no extra spending cash.
@_date: 2016-03-21 17:39:09
Yeah, if Hollywood ever wanted to do a movie about Silk Road, Bitcoin Savings and Trust, and some of the early schemes, and legitimate but underground stuff that was going on at the same time as Nathaniel Popper's "Digital Gold" book, there's a handful of old BTCTalk regulars that would have one hell of a story for them.
Anyone remember Nefario and GLBSE? The first Bitcoin stock exchange had history as well.
@_date: 2016-01-08 20:11:11
It's also worth noting that if you are using TOR, any entity using BitPay for payment or even donations (TOR project itself, is a sad example) is required to turn on Javascript to donate, increasing the likelihood you will be identify for your political/philosophical beliefs.
@_date: 2014-10-07 20:10:51
This is true, assuming he's American. Not all countries have the same laws.
@_date: 2014-05-21 17:11:57
To be fair, his criticisms were no different than anyone else's that don't understand how mathematical-based consensus via the blockchain works. By the end of it and after hearing what people had to say, he just settled on the "I don't know if this could work" line. He's obviously giving it a shot at least.
@_date: 2014-09-26 19:42:06
Key terms to memorize regarding the US federal regulatory quagmire: (read while you're listening to the show)
1. [Revolving door politics](
2. [Iron Triangle](
3. [Regulatory capture](
@_date: 2014-06-13 18:50:41
You probably should have stated "I am Peter Todd the Bitcoin developer, this is a confirmation in response to on Reddit, 6/13/2014."
Now if I wanted to go to some random website and say I'm you, or post on here as peter_todd or something I could just copy/paste exactly what you wrote as "proof".
@_date: 2016-01-21 21:26:35
You're right, this is important to note.
The Internet didn't replace newspapers, at least, not completely. Instead what we have now is a conglomeration of newspapers, social news, blogs, etc. The later two are thanks to the Internet. And even that definition isn't really correct, as there is so much more than just saying "the Internet" or "the Web".
Bitcoin may end up being the main framework to drastically and radically change "banking", even if it doesn't outright replace banks. We might end up like what we have above, a conglomeration of banks, smart contracts, and escrow addresses. The later two will be thanks to "Bitcoin" even if they aren't exactly the Bitcoin blockchain. My guess is they will be at some level, however, even if we build layers via private blockchains on top of it, underneath it all will likely be the Bitcoin blockchain. It's too good of a consensus mechanism to ignore.
@_date: 2016-03-23 15:25:44
If you look at the original [Byzantine General's problem]( and even the [Two Generals Problem]( before that, you'll find there is a decent amount in common with those core problems and your satellites that might be worth discussion.
It seems what you're recommending is a sort of "Proof of Time" solution, but unfortunately even that could be forged by someone on Earth who owned existing satellites by disrupting an original source with an EMP and using an existing satellite in position between the disrupted satellite and another trusted satellite with an exact delay to mimic it's location in distance as the disrupted satellite. This gets more difficult to do the more honest satellites there are, but there are a significant number of potentially dishonest satellites already in orbit that could be co-opted by a government to do multiple forms of mimicry.
That said, many of our discussions back in 2010 and 2011 were about how "easy" it would be for a government to take over the early Bitcoin blockchain and, to our knowledge, that never happened and now today it is the biggest supercomputer (in a sense) in the world. In fact, it looks like most of the early Bitcoin "disruptions" were driven more by botnet owners who started mass CPU mining to make coin than by governments intent on destroying Bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-03-10 01:39:25
Wrong country's intelligence agency. Roger Ver supposedly dropped his US citizenship, but he's not listed in any of [the official lists of expatriates which are publish online every year]( Find out why and you'll know which country is behind this. Hint: They have the most stringent banking laws and tax citizens regardless of where they live.
@_date: 2016-01-26 19:18:36
I'd love to, but they only support Trezor in their Chrome addon. Chrome is [notoriously anti-privacy]( Additionally, Bitpay has been blocking TOR exit nodes from making purchases, which is to the detriment of Mycellium Wallet users who choose to use TOR.
@_date: 2016-01-27 20:54:54


No, but if it's a [Bridge To Nowhere]( there might be some libertarian opposition.
@_date: 2015-05-06 16:53:15
I ran a full TOR Bitcoin node several months ago. The idea was to have it run as only a hidden service and only connect to other hidden service nodes, and never even use the exit nodes. I wanted to do this to provide myself, family, and friends something I could say was definitively complete anonymity of Bitcoin transactions.
Over the course of the two months that I ran it, my ISP notably and randomly "dropped" my entire Internet connection about a dozen times. Whenever I turned off the node, the connection issues stopped.
I was planning on running this exact scenario again, but before I did, I wanted to ask, do you think the ISP connection resets were a result of using TOR in this manner as an attempt to "map" which hidden service I was running, or did TOR fail as running a node this way and am I just being paranoid?
@_date: 2017-02-11 04:12:56
When Gavin gave his talk to the CIA, there were an estimated ~20k nodes and it took hardly any time or other resources to download and host a node. Today there are under 6k nodes and only someone seriously dedicated to bitcoin and bitcoin services does so. Less nodes means more centralization and a less safe network in general. Bandwidth is a problem for end users and storage space is a problem for hosting solutions.
@_date: 2017-03-28 16:05:57
You should never sign with a message so short and undetailed. My guidelines to people who are signing messages is to indicate who you are, the date(s) the signature is effective for, and the purpose of signing. Otherwise you get something like this:
Random guy on a trading forum who happened to get the username "itworks123" to spoof being you: 






From there, they could potentially tarnish your reputation. You're probably fine as-is, because encryption is still so rarely used that avenues for exploitation are low, but I would highly recommend using a "who-when-why method" for any signed message with a Bitcoin address, especially for indicating intent to trade.
@_date: 2017-03-12 16:34:55
Who has he even prosecuted at the executive level of the top five banks? The bias of this sub? How about naming who? Or are you afraid to mention they, including Ross, were mostly nobodies? 
[Names so big, you've never heard heard of them](
@_date: 2017-03-13 19:27:00
Good point. I agree.
@_date: 2016-03-28 14:54:41
They comply, so they don't get DDoS'd.
@_date: 2017-03-10 20:24:42
The ETF is being "approved" by a rules change to BatsBZX exchange. The decision will be posted here:
@_date: 2017-03-02 23:10:40
This and the fact it's on the top page for probably signals the start of a new bubble. Can we at least let actual news get through this time instead of more constant price-related posts like we saw in 2013?
@_date: 2016-01-08 20:15:20


This is a really good point. I was avoiding Join Market before because it seemed like a weak solution, but if using it encourages more use of it, it'll eventually just become the normal way of doing business for everyone and completely thwart analysis. It's all offence on privacy-violating "solutions".
@_date: 2016-01-27 00:32:08
Just saying, last time I went to a coin dealer they wanted a copy of my driver's license and wouldn't give me cash but said they could do a money order to their bank, which would give me cash but I'd have to physically walk into the lobby or be available on camera.
@_date: 2017-03-21 20:54:37
You're right. This is something I've never understood, people say they'll "crash" BTU and buy BTC. I'd say don't, wait out the unsteady hands that are going to immediately sell, even at a short term loss, and wait till that Chinese investor throws that $100 million or whatever he says it is he's going to prop the price up with and wait maybe 3-6 weeks to be sure they're all well and happy with the pumping they've done, and **then** sell. Or even wait months if you think they've got the ability to somehow innovate to compete with BTC. If you think it's a government-based attack that will be propped up forever and somehow manage to limp along adopting to try to keep up pace with Core, wait even longer and become the next Soros/Koch Brother that trades currencies and controls politicians. As long as they aren't threatening to inflate BTU, you'll still have immense value compared to the average user over a long enough period of time.
@_date: 2017-03-16 14:39:38


Withdrawal issues were happening as early as January 2013, but they grew from two weeks to several weeks shortly after the May 2013 acquisition of Gox's US bank and Dwolla accounts in May 2013. They still worked till Septemberish, but after September or so is the part you're thinking about where it was almost impossible to get out in cash. At that point it was at least a month or more to get cash out.
I guess I halve qualms with the "any issues with withdrawing btc" part the most. People were having issues, which is why Ver did the video to begin with. It got worse after he did the video, but we were having problems before that, too.
@_date: 2016-03-28 13:54:06
I can confirm this as a customer. After a sale on Coinbase and withdrawal in 2013 of cash, my bank looked up my profile on LinkedIn as well (I paid to see who looked up my info and it was a VP from my local bank). This was part of the AML/KYC requirements. I also had to sign something that they send to the local FBI I believe, indicating I was withdrawing over a certain amount.
What's funny is now that Coinbase is doing it, there will likely be TWO searches into my background. Once for when I withdraw from Coinbase, and once for when I withdraw from the bank! Yay! AML/KYC is so enjoyable, rite guys?
@_date: 2014-09-18 14:03:45
It will eventually turn into a vicious cycle of who can sell before the other guy at the lowest profit possible. By the end of this fiscal year, one large operation may be looking at millions of dollars or more in mining losses and may dump 150k -300k of coins for the tax incentives.
In other words, it's a race to the bottom now that the IRS is involved. There's a huge incentive to sell at a loss for the folks that know they can take advantage of it.
@_date: 2017-03-16 13:24:50
This isn't true. People had issues withdrawing cash starting around April of 2013. The feds seized their us bank accounts in May of 2013. Ver did the video shortly after that, because the price had crashed to levels that warranted a full audit. There is absolutely no mistake about the fact he was giving us financial assurance about Gox viability and it bothers me people are trying to revise history to paint Ver in a positive light.
I am someone who could not withdraw cash and was forced to buy coin to get it out of Gox. Ver's video took place while people were having to wait weeks or months to withdraw cash.
EDIT: nm, I was under the impression this was talking about cash withdrawals. BTC withdrawals (in my head these were just transfers) were fine till February 2014. My mistake. I'll leave my comments below unedited to highlight my mistake. :)
@_date: 2017-03-28 16:21:38
Good deal. Just wanted to throw it out there. I think for any 100+ holders, it's our reputations that might be just as valuable as the BTC we hold someday.
@_date: 2017-03-10 22:21:22
The SEC exists to kowtow to large underwriters/insurance/bankers and give the appearance of being a regulator. Look at how many people go through the [revolving door](
@_date: 2016-01-08 21:17:08
I've done coin joins directly or loans and then used repaid coin. I've also bought miners. The thing is, I don't sell much, though I sold a bit in 2013 when the price went crazy in the $700s. I also bought some Gyft cards with some mined coin over $1k. Seemed crazy it was so high then.
I'll be honest, I didn't think it'd be sub-$1k for this long.
@_date: 2019-03-14 17:42:02


Well it still helps the smugglers get paid. There were posts on Bitcointalk about Venezuela and bitcoin mining as far back as 2012. The miners got themselves and their families out of the country using Bitcoin.
It wouldn't surprise me if it's still being used for smuggling and the like, it's just probably not talked about as much for obvious reasons.
@_date: 2017-03-10 20:57:09
The COIN ETF applied to be on the BatsBZX exchange. It will be "approved" by a rules change that will be posted on this page: 
For what it is worth, decisions of this nature might be made after the markets close. Obviously that's never in Bitcoin's case, but it's still kind of an SEC tradition to wait till US stock markets close.
@_date: 2017-03-22 14:46:52
Anyone who did any sort of transfers was maybe 2 or 3 transactions removed from old SR addresses in 2011/2012. Some people just used the SR tumbler because it was a good way to mask ownership of an address. Remember that even FinRA didn't even talk about virtual currencies till 2014.
@_date: 2017-03-10 22:13:15


You mean "an issue" in that they don't all capitulate to US regulations?
@_date: 2016-01-27 15:56:54
Did you see this question Greg asked?


Because I can assure you this has happened both here on Reddit and on Github. I was very much directly a witness to it. This blocksize campaign has been relatively artificial, and I think it's important that a few people own up to their actions if they are going to complain about being "censored". To me, it was moderation of astroturfing/shilling, not censorship.
@_date: 2017-03-27 16:49:04
Aren't these the guys who tried to [fund their own audit of OpenVPN despite there already being an open-source led audit](
@_date: 2016-03-21 14:37:45
Three Letter Agency. Meaning FBI/CIA/NSA/DoD/etc.
@_date: 2017-03-27 16:31:23
This almost sounds like me around the crash in 2011, and sticking through the P2SH debacle in early 2012. I think folks wanted multi-sig, but there was some disagreement on how to go about it between BIP 16 and BIP 17. Then developers started petitioning miners and it was pretty reminiscent (though only briefly) of the blocksize debate today. Holders were rewarded, those who left were punished by a rise in price.
@_date: 2017-03-16 16:27:31
Here's a link to the last post on that thread. He basically admitted that it was wrong/inaccurate:
Some users, like sgornick and more even complained that just because they were early adopters didn't mean they owned thousands of coin. In fact, most, if not all of the people listed there probably sold off a decent portion of their holdings in 2013 (I know I did). Some probably continue to sell off holdings today. There is no accurate list and anyone telling you otherwise would be lying.
@_date: 2017-03-03 20:16:38
Bitcoin isn't passing gold in **value**. The price per one unit of Bitcoin (of which there will only ever be 21 million) has reached **parity** with one ounce of gold (of which we never know how much will eventually be mined). It's important to clarify that, IMHO.
@_date: 2017-03-16 16:29:03
[Here]( a link to the last comment in that thread where the OP basically says it was widely inaccurate
@_date: 2017-03-22 14:33:39
Some bitcoiners from pre-2013 are terrified that some TLA agents hunt down and pwn early adopters. Ver's actions do not seem like those of a free man, IMHO. 
Additionally, he claimed to have renounced his US citizenship in 2014 yet I've went back through five years of records and cannot find his name anywhere in the [list of US expatriates]( It's a federal requirement that your name be posted there if you are no longer a US citizen, so that tells me he either lied in 2014 or someone isn't letting him leave. I assume he's under some form of duress.
@_date: 2017-03-07 21:09:17
IMHO I'd take raw technical IQ over social IQ any day. Social IQ is what we have right now in our present fiat systems and what led to bank bailouts. A bunch of 0.1% people and their friends determining what the 99.9% have to use as money. 
Core developers have offered multiple solutions, but the only one that made sense is the one being pursued. SegWit is the best solution and could be implemented immediately if some (in comparison) retards with self-declared high social skills would stop bullying chinese miners into a non-solution.
@_date: 2017-03-22 14:53:33
Looks like a lot of nodes running on Hetzner and other European datacenters.
@_date: 2017-03-16 15:55:32
Err, I see what you mean, that's correct. I was thinking of it as withdrawing sold btc, similar to how coinbase auto-sells and transfers to your bank, but that's obviously not how Gox worked. 
Sorry, knee-jerk reaction to what Ver did, still kind of a sore point. BTC transfers out of Gox worked fine till like Jan/Feb 2014 as far as I remember.
@_date: 2017-03-01 22:12:39
There once was a cult of Wu-Ver.
Decentralize!? They wouldn't dare!
Support was inflated,
Its users quite jaded,
But badger of honey don't care.
@_date: 2016-01-27 00:36:58


Never understood why this forum should be used to pump competing solutions.
@_date: 2017-03-15 12:37:06
Moderating and administrating forums is cake up until you have to actually do it. Also, I would suggest you talk to the forum donators and ask what they actually think of the use of the funds before criticizing how it was used.
@_date: 2016-01-27 15:38:46
No I am not. I'm sorry that didn't come across right. It's been pretty clear that XT and Classic seem to have this air of "the Core developers have failed" about them. That's a very wrong attitude for them to have. Rather than writing code and having it get included into Core on its own merit, they are choosing to start propaganda campaigns.
@_date: 2017-03-13 18:23:12
Satoshi has $1 Billion to attack their fork.
@_date: 2017-03-10 20:32:25
The COIN ETF applied to be on the BatsBZX exchange. It will be "approved" by a rules change that will be posted on this page:
For what it is worth, decisions of this nature might be made after the markets close. Obviously that's never in Bitcoin's case, but it's still kind of an SEC tradition to wait till US stock markets close.
@_date: 2017-03-16 16:10:23
Sorry about that, I'm sure that was confusing as hell. :D I'm not always at the top of my game in the mornings. Need some more caffeine.
@_date: 2017-03-10 01:25:46


Yes, and yes. They just don't care about fungibility and aren't working on solutions that matter to end users. I used to think Core didn't either, but with an explanation about how SegWit + Schnorr signatures can work to achieve these ends, they've appeased my concerns.
@_date: 2019-03-01 20:15:15
This could just be the start of what puts something like the Lightning network at an advantage. It could also be a huge boon for traditional financial companies like Square that are unafraid to experiment in the crypto-financial space.
@_date: 2016-03-03 19:57:29
Why can I view your user page?
@_date: 2019-03-01 16:11:54
Sufficiently paranoid? I think any rational person knows this is coming, actually after [USAID seems to have requested]( that Modi (Prime Minister of India) crack down on their two highest denomination bills. This would be like telling Americans tomorrow that every $100 and $50 bill is now defunct and need to be traded in immediately to get a new $100 and new $50 bill. Though valuations of their two highest bills made this whole ordeal more equivalent to replacing all the $50 bills and $20 bills, if memory serves me correctly.
They don't hide their intentions, either. They even want India using online banking per [their reports on what they are doing to pressure them to drop cash and gold](
Further evidence of [who was responsible came out a bit later]( fingering the BTCA (Better than Cash Alliance) which was founded by the following: Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation (Microsoft), Visa, MasterCard, Citigroup and Omidyar Network (eBay) and funded by the following: the Ford Foundation and the US government’s development agency USAID.
TLDR; There's a war on cash right now by the kinds of people you would imagine would be engaged in a war on cash.
@_date: 2019-03-01 16:44:19
Fungibility is the general acceptance of one unit of currency being the equivalent of another unit of currency.
In gold, one ounce of Gold is the same value as another ounce of Gold, assuming the karat value (purity) is the same.
In Bitcoin, one Bitcoin may not be worth the same value as another Bitcoin, because one of those Bitcoins could have been used in an illegal transaction and may come with a visit from federal authorities. Or, at least, that is what the intention of all these coin analysis companies are for Bitcoin. They want to make "bad coin" and "good coin" and go after people for owning "bad coin" because they are supposedly money launderers (when in reality, many of them are just opportunists looking for better trading rates)
This is why things like CoinJoin, MimbleWimble, Lightning, and very specifically Schnorr Signatures are a big deal right now. Instead of being able to look at the blockchain and see a history of someone's money, instead you'd just see a history of "pools of money" and it would be impossible to fingerprint just one person as the owner of "bad coin", meaning there would no longer be bad coin. Fungibility of cryptocurrencies would be protected by these new math schemes, essentially.
@_date: 2017-03-10 20:29:10
The press release isn't where it will be posted. The COIN ETF applied to be on the BatsBZX exchange. It will be "approved" by a rules change that will be posted on this page:
For what it is worth, decisions of this nature might be made after the markets close. Obviously that's never in Bitcoin's case, but it's still kind of an SEC tradition to wait till US stock markets close.
@_date: 2017-03-22 18:03:56
Well, segwit + schnorr signatures might increase the use of existing space to over 3 or so effective meg assuming people are taking advantage of well-built transactions. Making something more efficient means it can get more use.
@_date: 2017-03-16 18:41:15


This keeps getting said yet [Roger Ver is NOT on the list of expatriates which is published every quarter]( Someone mentioned this a while back and I've looked and he's no where on there. You cannot renounce your citizenship and avoid paying taxes without your name being on this list, as far as I know.
So either he's lying or the US Government is. I personally think some dubious stuff has happened and he's brokered some sort of deal to not have to pay taxes but remain a citizen or CIA asset, but I don't want to call it as a conspiracy unless I know for sure. It just looks really really bad right now.
@_date: 2016-01-27 20:36:12
My best and honest guess is he's under duress. Sadly, sounds like Cody Wilson is, too. Ever since DarkWallet we've heard little from both. :(
@_date: 2017-03-21 21:01:27


Would it though? It would seem to me that if you're a millionaire/billionaire on the sidelines and you see a fool and his money and the broadcasting of what he's going to do with his money, you could take advantage of his stupidity and acquire his coins.
@_date: 2017-03-29 22:01:35
This is considerably more detailed than the other article. It sounds like he's had a pretty crazy last two to three years.
@_date: 2014-11-12 20:33:40
I don't know the specifics, but I have regularly seen on here stats indicating that the world's population owns more cellphones than bank accounts.
@_date: 2019-03-11 19:27:21
I'm going to try to answer this as accurately as possible so you can still get your answer but also understand why people are replying the way they are. These assume you are mining Bitcoin itself using your computer and not using your computer to mine something else like Ethereum or Ravencoin and then converting to Bitcoin.
If you are using only your CPU (processor) it will take somewhere **over 2,000,000 days** to mine **$10**. During that time you will be spending around **$1 to $2 in power per day** (assuming ~$0.08 per kilowatt hour) to run your CPU. So the direct answer to "how long?" if you use only your CPU is around **5,700 years**.
If you are using both your CPU and GPU (video card) it will take **only about 180,000 days** to mine **$10 worth**. During that time you will be spending around **$2 to $3 in power per day** (again, assuming ~$0.08 per kilowatt hour) to run your CPU &amp; GPU. So the direct answer to "how long?" if you use both your CPU and GPU is just **a decade or so short of 500 years**.
Both of these answers assume the difficulty doesn't drastically increase or decrease from here. I think it's safe to say it will probably *increase* over the next 10-20 years, and perhaps increase exponentially as smaller die sizes on the chips are created and efficiencies are found.
@_date: 2019-03-20 14:49:40


Yes, it most certainly does, at least in the US...
**Coinage Act of 1965, Section 31 U.S.C. 5103, entitled "Legal tender"**: 


More info: 
* 
* 
* 
Anytime payment is deferred, it constitutes a debt and can be repaid in fiat. The only instances in which you can refuse payment in fiat is when you take payment immediately, which is nigh impossible for business to business transactions.
@_date: 2019-03-01 17:28:48
Ahh, ok. I see. Yes, printing more fiat would be an attack on the store of value attribute of money.
@_date: 2019-03-22 15:31:04
The metric he comes up with is probably a more consistent metric of market dominance than the one coinmarketcap uses as it is slightly less prone to fork manipulation. I wonder if they would be willing to include a volume-weighted version of BTC dominance on their site as well?
EDIT: I should probably state that I never really liked the term "dominance" anyway, as it implies that loss of it somehow weakens the status of a particular cryptocurrency and gain of it somehow implies a better crypto (when it could just be an exit-scam in the making). It would probably be better called something that referenced the faith in the "store of value" attribute of these coins, though such a term like that might inadvertently put Ripple in a position of being overvalued for what it actually does and when you add a volume weighted metric, it's factoring in a coin's "medium of exchange" attribute in addition to the "store of value" attribute, so terminology based on store of value alone isn't sufficient, either. 
What's worse is that, now that this type of metric has been defined, someone could similarly game it by transferring large amounts of coin to themselves on a regular basis. One would have to start including "Days Destroyed" as a metric as well, to avoid the gaming.
Still, this is an interesting metric I think is worth looking recording, I just don't think "dominance" is a good term for it.
@_date: 2019-11-27 20:09:56
The models using Bitcoin Days Destroyed as a metric have yet to be fully debunked, IMHO. The problem is that these require very long term investment strategies, and everyone doing TA seems to be speculators looking for a quick buck.
@_date: 2017-03-29 14:40:21
I don't think he's a fraudster, he's likely being duped himself with the initial praise into thinking things are possible that maybe are possible, but not very practical. I think he's got a brilliant mind yet the kind of arrogance that comes with youth. The combination of all three is dangerous for any project. His hubris will be dangerous to him and those around him when it explodes.
@_date: 2019-11-26 01:33:29
I'm not updated on all the details, but the claim is that is run by law enforcement or people closely connected to law enforcement. It was basically hijacked from fans of the show and is now run by people that despise the show.
@_date: 2019-03-21 14:51:09


I've [talked about this before]( but no one on the forums or IRC ever referred to him as that term or phrase. I think it was either made up by him when he spoke with the media, or it was said by one of his real life friends once and he blew it way out of proportion from there.
@_date: 2016-06-18 04:16:52
And he likely did, but not till late 2010 or later when his new identity could take hold.
@_date: 2019-03-25 18:23:05
Hal would have written Bitcoin in C while Satoshi specifically did C++, I believe. In fact, I think some (like theymos) [have said that the code was written in the sort of manner that an academic would have written C++ code if they were a math/compsci academic who had just read a book on C++](
@_date: 2019-03-20 14:42:24
Mark my words, Coinbase and other regulated exchanges will inevitably capitulate to government and will subsequently lobby for regulation on other exchanges worldwide in exchange for covertly or overtly trying to control the fungibility of cryptocurrencies on behalf of regulators. 
Developers of any crypto need to be resistant against these rent seekers or cryptocurrencies will end up no different than fiat, caught up in the [iron triangle]( [regulatory capture]( and the [revolving door]( of Western politics.
@_date: 2016-06-21 16:04:11
In the story posted yesterday it was said that the BBC or one of the media outlets brought a cryptographer with them that apparently called Wright a con man or at least had a very heated exchange with him. If the NDA from whatever company is now lifted, can we find out who that person was? I'm willing to bet he did the one thing Gavin and Matonis were not able to do, get Wright caught up in his elaborate lie.
Here's what I think happened. Wright was an early miner who mined in the tens or hundreds of thousands of BTC. He fabricated a "loan" in order to avoid tax issues.
After Satoshi left, he planted and back-dated a pgp key that he would later attempt to use to falsify his claim to the satoshi pgp key. I think his friend misinterpreted the date that he was given a supposed first draft of the Satoshi whitepaper. 
I suspect Craig Wright probably read and may have even participated in [the forum threads that existed that mentioned Satoshi was inspired by Pokemon]( back in 2011/2012. So much of what he spoke to that poor sap who was commissioned to write a book about him was so likely lies that anyone from 2010/2011 could have fabricated. 
The PGP key thing is probably the most-damning evidence here. The only reason why someone would intentional back-date would be if they were trying to deceive, IMHO.
@_date: 2016-06-23 15:25:50
We went from $450 to over $750 in a very short period of time. That's more than a 60% increase in value. I still remember the "crazy times" of Apr-Jun 2011 and Jan-Apr 2013. 60% is nothing compared to those, but we still had plenty of 60% and then pull-back days as well over the last five years.
Anyone that wasn't expecting a sell off probably shouldn't be speculating/investing in cryptocurrencies, IMHO.
@_date: 2016-06-03 17:00:38
"Going under" and not being a very good place to store coin are two different things. They've ALWAYS been a bad place to store coin, though. Every exchange is. Be your own bank and use hardware wallets and if you need a "hot wallet" use an app on your phone or even the desktop client from Core isn't so bad now that you can prune data.
I'd be very surprised if they were actually Gox 2.0, but the market is sure acting like they could be. Irrational rises in price like this seem to be symptoms of major exchanges going bust. 2011 with Gox 0.5, 2012 with Bitcoinica, and 2013-2014 with Gox 1.0.
@_date: 2017-03-21 16:50:05
And it's not just the developers, either. One of the common themes in 2011/2012 (before the masses found Bitcoin) that I kept hearing in the few media outlets that covered it was that the smartest people these early journalists knew were all dabbling in Bitcoin in various ways. It was cutting edge stuff, and lots of people wrote their own scripts and code to make things more efficient. I did some of that, but I was far far far down the totem pole and would never even be able to contribute anything of value to the actual Core code.
Before ASICs came out there were dozens of FPGA programmers writing their own custom configurations and sharing them with each other. GPU miners did the same. We mined and did these tweaks because we knew how to and we took optimizations and the code behind it seriously. 
One of the FPGA developers who didn't really speak English was someone who I spoke with almost daily and we shared tweaks and compiled OpenWRT firmware to interface with the FPGAs better and to make better use of the small amount of RAM available on specific router hardware so we could fit custom versions of cgminer in the available space. It was a blast.
Nowadays there's still a lot of really brilliant people, network engineers, and system admins in the Bitcoin space, but I get the impression they're sort of waiting and holding their coin to be the "gods of layer 2" which is why we really need SegWit. It'll grow adoption through services.
Bitcoin is on the cusp of some amazing times again and it's disappointing to see it held up. SegWit (and perhaps especially Schnorr signatures) opens up so many use cases for Bitcoin it's hard to justify blocking it.
@_date: 2016-06-28 19:24:40


Sorry, I have to take issue with this comment even if it's really only a nitpick. 
Even considering intraday trading, the lowest the silver price fell was under $9 and that was in October 2008. There were bad days in 2009, sure, but most of them were still over $10. I know and remember this because I was buying silver in the fall of 2008 while the price fell. One of the ETF or ETNs might have had a price representing $7.50/oz in 2009, but those are at best a piece of paper and shouldn't be used interchangeably to represent the real deal.
EDIT: Original comment is correct about needing to sell if you're liquidating, obviously.
@_date: 2016-06-08 21:38:34
This system is almost certain to be gamed, if not immediately then within a decade. I suspect the person who does it can and will remain entirely anonymous or it will be impossible to "blame" any one person involved. One of the major Chinese miners will lose a massive amount of coin (entire blocks) probably, too. 
If the price continues to increase -- which we have no reason to believe it won't -- the ability to make hundreds of thousands if not millions via collusion will become too high.
@_date: 2016-06-28 16:34:09
I see people defending AML/KYC here all the time.
@_date: 2016-06-02 17:22:31
If gold is meaningless and gold-backed currencies are conspiracy nonsense and not a real threat, then why would a person in a powerful position in the most powerful country in the world be referring to another powerful person being influenced by a gold-backed currency into taking military action?
People need to wake up to the new reality, the public wants better currency options and people in powerful positions world-wide know it. Seems like something like Bitcoin is inevitable.
@_date: 2019-11-18 23:56:16
Bitcoin owner/trader since 2010 here. Priced in for who, though? Look at the quality of the posts on lately and the meme stuff. This looks like the "foaming" that was happening in 2016, IMHO.
There's a boat load of fence-sitters in this sub now waiting to get in and they'll FOMO as the price increases.
Case in point, in January of 2014, after the hoopla that was 2013 and the MtGox collapse, hit 100k subs. It hit a price low a year later in January of 2015. The number of subs didn't double to 200k till over two more years later in January 2017, and even then we were still foaming with the BTC price under or around the previous ATH. I wouldn't be surprised if it takes us 3-4 years instead of just 2 to get back to that previous ATH, but it still is inevitably going to happen, IMHO. 
After the hoopla that was 2017, hit 700k subscribers  in January 2018. It hit a price low a year after that. We are now approaching 1.2 Million subscribers in Who are these people? Do you really think they actually own Bitcoin? I don't. I think they like to talk about cryptos and maybe they have friends that are into it, but they don't actually buy it themselves. They maybe sub here just to catch up on the crypto memes and share cringe-inducing Youtube rap battle videos with their friends that they think are also into crypto. I know because I get this videos sent to me by these types. 
I don't know why these kids aren't buying, they know and have read about the Dollar Cost Average strategy, but maybe they just think it's "too complicated" and don't actually care about their financial future. If the price of Bitcoin does reach even 80% of the previous ATH though, and its built-in scarcity seems to ensure that it **will** happen someday, you're going to see them suddenly caring about something they previously didn't, and in a way that might surprise all of us.
I don't think the world really realizes just how precariously the Federal Reserve is operating right now. Like Ron Paul said about [how to end the war in Iraq]( "We just marched in, we can just march home." We can do the exact same thing with the charter of this pretentious Third Continental Bank, essentially, just rip it up. We don't need cash, the only think that keeps cash alive is a shared delusion that it has value. Bitcoin and other cryptos can -- and, IMHO will -- be that delusion in the future.
@_date: 2019-03-27 20:12:09
It's neat that you have these. I think some of these were used for the [serp coin run]( in which a decent number on the forum participated. Pretty well known run from 2013, actually. Apparently he did two DIY runs in 2014, too.
@_date: 2016-06-03 19:47:49


Kind of, but it's a bit more nuanced than that. The community is a fickle one. Short posts don't do well in this sub-reddit unless they are funny, and short posts that imply politically-controversial things often get really down-voted. Short questions seem to be less-tolerated if they question the current narrative, which seems to be people realizing that Coinbase is "bad for Bitcoin" right now. I'm not saying the voting habits are a great indicator of the larger community, but this one is certainly not newbie-friendly. Asking questions is supposed to be for "or "Moronic Mondays" to a lot of people here.
Judging on your post history you might be kind of new but have been familiar with Bitcoin for at least a few weeks now, right? If you're using Coinbase for a transfer process you're *maybe* OK. We had an exchange go bust a little over two years ago that kind of "turned on the community" right before it went, so that could be why there's this animosity towards Coinbase right now. Justified or not, people hold grudges.
@_date: 2019-11-26 01:42:10
There was speculation last week that a miner had to sell out. I'm not sure how you can claim to know that one was the change address and the other was the transaction. [That's not immediately apparent, at least it hasn't been for a while now](
@_date: 2018-10-30 17:12:26
Yes and no. There's tricks to it.
Currencies are not exempted from taxes. The traditional "capital gains" are still taxed if you are trading currencies like an asset. There are exemptions/loopholes [notably IRC section 988(a) (1) (B)] that make certain types of currency trading more profitable than typical stocks and all the big players use these.
Additionally, some state and local taxes cannot be applied at all to certain trading. Same goes with interest accrued on federal treasury notes which is oftentimes what they will hedge against. Additionally, there are other exemptions for long-term arbitrage plays and other types of trades that are not traditional forex trading.
Lastly, I thought Forex trading was actually mostly exempt in the UK? It's one of the reasons why London is one of the financial capitals of the world.
I am not an accountant or lawyer. I may have gotten some of this wrong. This is not professional advice, just info.
@_date: 2016-06-24 04:22:16
While I think you're right about financial powerhouses controlling decisions, I think they're actually going to leave. There's much more financial opportunity in actually doing so for those same "criminals" than there is in false platitudes.
@_date: 2016-06-17 21:50:07
While true, this happened when Bitcoin had a market cap of under $1 million. ETH had a market cap of several billion despite being wholly-untested and unproven. It'll take some time for people to come to terms with this, and in the time it takes to do that, Ethereum-like services will likely be built on top of Bitcoin.
@_date: 2016-06-03 19:49:03
I know I don't sleep well at night unless Trump **can** read my data. ;)
@_date: 2017-01-05 20:46:39
Did someone say block size? I'm going to need my pitchfork...
@_date: 2017-08-30 15:48:54
laszlo once posted a conversation he had with Satoshi about his GPU mining. He'd been doing it in secret prior to the famous pizza transaction and asked Satoshi about it. 
It's possible someone like him had done some similar quiet GPU mining quite a bit earlier, but even in 2010, a lab-sized CPU farm could easily get this many blocks.
@_date: 2017-01-15 02:44:56


[Line 1e on 1099-b]( is a reported cost-basis. Is Coinbase going to ask me for my cost-basis each time I deposit Bitcoin then? Or are they going to leave it blank? Presumably they'll be the one filling it out.


I couldn't withdraw my cash out of Gox in late 2013 so I bought Bitcoin and sold it on Coinbase at a loss. Gox no longer exists. So you're telling me that the people who lost on Gox are not only down what they lost, but whatever little they *did* get out only to sell at a loss on Coinbase is going to be taxed as 100% gains because we don't have the proof of our losses?
EDIT: Should probably specify that I had gains that super-ceded these losses, but I wrote these specifically off as undocumented losses because I didn't have proof these were losses. Now though, it sounds like someone is trying to say they are going to be accounted as undocumented gains if the IRS and Coinbase both get what they want. 
Let's be honest, this is a [dog and pony show]( and both of them are going to settle before actually going to court, just as the [iron triangle]( shows us will inevitably happen. You can already see it in the way that Coinbase says "but these other exchanges...". This is how it starts folks. Business and government working hand-in-hand to both fuck *you* over and prevent competition.
@_date: 2016-06-28 20:23:45
A 20 ounce bar makes for a good sized doorstop. Depending on the height from floor to base of the door a 5 ounce bar might suffice, even. Today I wouldn't recommend it, but the price did fall pretty significantly throughout the 80s.
@_date: 2017-01-24 17:05:02
As someone who has been around a long time and yet never started trading on Purse, despite the discounts and the Bitcoin able to do so, how is it that scammers/criminals have not made this business obsolete yet?
I would imagine that most of the gift cards used/purchased would be ones purchased fraudulently by stolen credit cards or otherwise, so how is it that they are not and/or that Purse's business model is legitimate and somehow working? Do they have a way to weed out the criminal elements? Do they sell data western government agencies? How is it that it is actually profitable for them to deal with all the compliance problems when fraud comes up? Their business is just one huge magnet for stolen credit cards. There can't be more than half of their user base that is legitimate, right?
What am I missing? It seems like one of those "too good to be true" opportunities.
@_date: 2016-06-17 22:13:44
I've long thought that there's some portion of people out there that are into virtual currencies but still want a tyrant to protect them from their own bad decisions. Maybe Ethereum will be the first successful alternative cryptocurrency whereby users become complacent with the fact that a benevolent dictator can tell them how things are going to be. 
@_date: 2017-08-22 15:23:32
Legal action against exchanges is not only likely, it's practically guaranteed if it can be proven that they support a contentious hard fork.
Has nothing to do with "Bitcoin" being protected or not.
@_date: 2017-01-16 03:36:29
It's worth noting that a lot of people had come up with ideas for at least a decade or two earlier about cryptographic money. What people hadn't really thought of doing was an immutable blockchain to prevent duplication of it. 
I remember that even in my college classes in 2002 we talked about e-gold and some of the other solutions, but people wanted a trustless system, something that was not centralized, though at the time we didn't call it centralized, it was instead a "single point of failure" which was our covert way of saying "no government is going to allow this and will do everything in its power to stop it."
@_date: 2017-01-07 00:16:12
Anyone know where the download link is for it? I believe they had said they'd do something like the Rise and Rise of Bitcoin and make it available for sale/rent in BTC.
@_date: 2017-01-09 16:02:54




Be wary of your abuse of the word "you", here. Not everyone who is happy Hillary lost is a Trump supporter. This knee-jerk reaction is exactly the kind of tribal politics most of the and denizens love to engage in. I find it difficult to believe any sort of an educated Bitcoiner can stoop so low as to make tribal politics their mantra.
@_date: 2017-01-11 22:07:08
For some context, this is Ron Paul in 2007 sometime after the Iowa caucuses. I believe he was waiting for media interviews. The picture I believe was [first seen in this article from 2010]( or at least that's where I found it. Ron Paul was notable in 2007/2008 for being one of the most ignored candidates despite his grass-roots support. This picture really encompasses that.
I had helped out his campaign in the Iowa Straw Poll in 2007, the caucuses in 2008, and majorly volunteered in 2012, when he won the Iowa Caucus (it was a three-way tie but in the end by the state convention, the Paul people had won with grass roots support).
In 2010, I remember finding this article and picture and made it my desktop background around the time I got into and started learning about Bitcoin (which was in the news because it was being used to fund Wikileaks). My father, a retirement-age formerly pro-Bush neoconservative, saw it once and laughed, asking why I possibly thought such a picture to be worth putting as a background. I told him it was a reminder of what we were up against. He laughed again. Needless to say, we didn't always see eye-to-eye on politics, despite both being conservative/libertarian at our roots.
The "it's happening" GIF got to be popular in 2012 when Ron Paul was actually making waves, but this is still one of my favorite images (along with the ["Chewbacca - Ron Paul - Gadsen" image]( ). It should remind you where we're at, and where we still need to go. 
Less than 1% of "first world" populations probably owns Bitcoin and less than 5% have probably ever even heard of it. Right now no one cares about how passionate we are about Bitcoin, just as no one in 2007 cared about how passionate I was about getting Ron Paul's ideas into the mainstream. It's a significant hurdle, but we can overcome it.
EDIT: "1% of 'first world' populations" added. It's still probably not accurate. We might even be lower, but I did want to put things into context.
@_date: 2018-10-31 20:29:56
I know a lot of people think it was when he posted "I am not Dorian Nakamoto", but no one ever proved that the vistomail email was ever hacked so I would have to say that [this email]( is probably his last legit contact with us. I know there was another email that was "spoofed" from that email address, but the IP that was used in the August 2015 email was in the SPF records for vistomail.com and was very likely Satoshi.
It's amazing just how little people talk about how likely that was him, too. Probably because it was a beatdown of the idea of developers just deciding to write a new hardfork on their own without the consensus of the community.
I still think "Satoshi Nakamoto" is not a single person but a very small group of people (3, maybe? No more than 5) who know exactly what they are doing. They will never spend the pre-2010 Satoshi coins because they really did want to create a world without a need for government money. I've been thinking this since late 2010 when I first heard about it and made my Bitcointalk.org account and started reading through his posts. While his code is something one person could do, there are comments on economics and geopolitical insights both in his forum and email correspondence that makes me think there is some deliberation going on before a response is written.
@_date: 2017-08-30 14:21:02


Pretty bold prediction for the most well-known crypto and one that's more than quadrupled in value in the past year.
@_date: 2017-01-05 19:02:14
This is [Thomas Sowell]( and he's not really meme-worthy, he's actually really fucking smart. :( Intellectual liberals hated him.
@_date: 2017-08-13 05:54:24
Don't we still need Schnorr signatures for it to work seamlessly, though?
@_date: 2017-08-25 22:00:07
No problem. BTW, I found [this article that goes into a little bit more depth]( than I was able to. Core has a better way of explaining it than I ever could. The last two links on the right side are about Schnorr and MAST, respectively.
@_date: 2018-10-30 21:40:46
Capital gains in the UK and Switzerland on Forex trading for private individuals is free. Those rules apply to Bitcoin as well which is why there are so many BTC companies based out of both countries.
@_date: 2017-08-28 16:29:36


Where is the proof? This is an often repeated diatribe that has no basis in fact. It's basically saying, "I don't want to innovate, instead I want to muck around with the fundamentals of a multi-billion dollar network to serve my own needs."
The fact of the matter is, the arguments in favor of 2x are the exact same arguments for 4x and 8x and 16x and 32x. The solution is to look at the impact empirically and thwart any political takeover attempts.
@_date: 2018-10-16 15:47:53
To be fair, the reason why it's not great to show the USD value is because everyone will wonder by what standard the USD value is being calculated. The vendor might make the QR code according to Coinbase's price, the wallet might value according to BitAverage International price, the user might value according to Gemini's price. It's better to make the end users do their own determination instead of encouraging them to send in help requests to the wallet because they don't understand that the USD values are going to be seen differently amongst all three parties to the transaction.
@_date: 2017-08-30 16:19:54
Because robust simple networks get hacked. Robust and Simple aren't exactly mutually-compatible, either.
I'm not sure why you are hung up on Myspace. Even people who didn't own a myspace account have visited the site before. As I stated, you're confusing the network effect with attributes of the network itself.
@_date: 2017-08-16 18:39:19
[One of my favorite Ron Paul pictures]( is relevant here.
@_date: 2017-08-11 22:40:30
Dont worry and just bookmark this comment. The price will go over $10k soon and then crash back to $4k by next April, you can buy back in after the "dip". You heard it here first!
@_date: 2017-08-21 03:00:31
I guess I like to think of it as: "There's someone on the side of every trade." There might be plenty of people ready to buy BCC, ready to buy a random decision to 2x the blocksize, but there's a lot of very quiet old Bitcoin holders fully prepared to sell off these forks and migrate all gains into Bitcoin. Not all of them are going to sell everything they have all at once, too. They may be selling only at 10 BCC at a time back into Bitcoin, but have plans to sell 10 BCC every week for hundreds, if not thousands of weeks. Maybe these forks will survive that kind of selling pressure -- I don't know that I can say with any certainty -- but they'll be selling into the hands of people that don't believe in strong development teams and will likely succumb inevitably to the in-fighting sure to arise within those teams as the long-term selling pressure will be immense and rise higher and higher the more susceptible those developers/teams are to such issues.
@_date: 2017-08-23 15:37:56


Fixed that for you.
@_date: 2017-08-23 18:37:51
You ignored the merit system. If the code is good, then the programmers will accept it. All present forks started with the presumption that Core and its system of merit is bad or flawed. They will never give you a reason as to why, because the purpose of the forks isn't over academic disputes, it's over political disputes about how non-fungible Bitcoin should remain. Lightning networks and especially Schnorr signatures are a huge threat to those who want Bitcoin to remain only pseudo-anonymous instead of nearly-anonymous.
@_date: 2017-08-15 21:10:45
Uhh, doesn't Trezor use 24 words? I own one and I'm pretty sure I used 24 words when setting it up...
@_date: 2017-08-21 22:38:37
Egregious punishment, to be honest. Does not fit the "crime".
@_date: 2017-08-14 04:29:04
Yes, it could be. In addition to the inexplicable stagnation in bullion prices, there's the fact that the industries were seemingly having their rates manipulated daily from news stories over the last year.
We've know for basically [four years that the gold prices were being fixed]( Same goes for silver where [they were even chatting about it]( After being fined, a lot of reasonable people think that the people responsible just went right on back to doing the same manipulation.
I don't recommend people sell their coin, but if you *are* going to convert it into something to consider gold/silver.
@_date: 2019-03-07 22:36:03
Conflicting reports came out afterwards on the legitimacy of the claim.
There was [also this]( But then [that was claimed to be an April Fools joke]( too. Later on it was found that [some Bulgarian officials were supposedly selling EU membership for Bitcoin](
If you want to put on your tinfoil hat, suppose that Bulgaria has been clandestinely dealing in large amounts of BTC since the early days and the bust up of a criminal ring that supposedly had BTC was just cover for them to be able to sell/launder their proceeds without Western governments throwing too much of a fit.
@_date: 2017-08-07 15:54:26


Should be:


Downvoting because I'm helping point out that something is wrong is rude.
@_date: 2017-08-07 16:11:38
I would throw in and also recommend Ulterior States (AKA IAMSATOSHI documentary).
@_date: 2017-08-14 20:31:46
Inflation and moneychanging goes back much further than that, too. The Roman republic first started [debasing the denarius]( less than one generation after it's introduction in 211 BC. By the time of the Severan emperors, it was essentially halved in value yet the people kept using it. I guess Romans were smarter than those of us in the West at least, though. Our dollars aren't worth more than the paper they are printed on.
@_date: 2017-08-29 14:04:12
Repeating [a post I made a few days ago](
[Schnorr signatures]( 
I'd rank these as the "big ones". Also, [this article from Core explains a bit more about MAST and Schnorr](
@_date: 2017-08-23 21:58:27
Patent expired. I can guarantee you neither the BCH or 2x developers will be implementing Schnorr signatures. That's how certain I am this is a state-sponsored attack.
@_date: 2019-11-25 18:52:13
I'm sure it's for the same reason a bunch of people criticize @_date: 2018-10-03 18:06:06


More likely it will rise as their customers will suddenly realize they don't own Bitcoin they thought they owned.
@_date: 2017-08-02 00:12:18
It sounds like you're aware of the risks and are taking things cautiously. Good luck.
@_date: 2017-01-09 22:36:00


The other developers might care more about respect from their peers, not the public. There's definitely nothing wrong with that. Additionally, not all of them want to comment on things that, in the grand scope of things, are petty smaller issues that journalists and your average participant blows out of proportion.
@_date: 2017-08-30 14:48:25
Yeah, it's not like we can whitewash the history of the West, here, either. America totally stole the steam engine. Britain stole vulcanization. A German was probably responsible for the telephone but an American gets most of the credit. Countries love stealing other countries' intellectual property.
@_date: 2017-08-06 21:32:55
Something appears to be off on your twelfth order.
@_date: 2017-08-13 05:31:08
When I see questions like this, I feel like chiming in so you'll have to excuse me as I do.
This question seemingly assumes that there is a point *where someone stops hodling altogether*. That's not the way I look at it. I've never sold more than %30 of my total holdings at any point ever. This includes the runs from $8-13 in 2012 to over $200 in spring 2013 and the run from $60 in spring 2013 to over $1000 in late 2013. In fact, each time I actually bought back in a little bit. Maybe it was luck, I am not sure, but had I sold everything at the "ludicrous" price of $200 in early 2013, I probably wouldn't have had the wherewithal to purchase again after it fell an equally-unreasonable amount.
For what it is worth, I actually did my early 2013 sales in the $100 range, not knowing it would go to $266 on MtGox just like a week later. But you can bet your behind I was there the very next day when it tumbled to $60-80. And yes, I was buying.
I was much more lucky in doing not-insignificant purchases at $60-80 in July 2013 and selling decent chunks at $700 and $1000 in later 2013, but I consider these more flukes than skill at trading. Even throughout all of that, I sold less than %30 of what I owned. My one regret is that I didn't buy back in during what I saw as unreasonable dips at more than 10% of what I had already sold. I continued to hold the remaining 70% (with a few small sales) all the way through the fall back down to under $200 in January 2015. I bought back in when it recovered and hit mid $200s, but again, never at more than 10% of what I had previous realized in fiat gains. 
The longer I've been invested in Bitcoin, the more I believe it is somewhat predictable what is going to happen price-wise. It's not too hard to spot recoveries when you watch the volume of trades in crypto-commodities. This goes for more than just Bitcoin, it also covers a lot of other cryptos. I was similarly lucky with a few Litecoin trades in 2013.
I would highly encourage people to not think in terms of absolutes. There isn't a point where you stop hodling altogether unless you see Bitcoin as nothing but a speculative vehicle. And if you do, please sell now, the rest of us will be much better off without the volatility you bring. Obviously your right to do what you want, but I'd hate for everyone to be like my friends who sold everything all at once.
Corrections are definitely due. Just as there was the correction when Bitcoin went from $8-13 to well over $200 in early 2013, we're probably due for something similar when it concerns the rise from $160 over years to $4000, but unlike in the past, I doubt $4k is the true end of it. There may end up being a correction to mid-$3000s and then a bull run unlike anything we've seen since 2013. We just don't know. Selling everything all at once could be a fool's errand in that respect.
EDIT: Also, please consider the taxes you're going to have to pay. If you hold for less than a year, it's significantly higher taxes than if you hold for a longer term period. If you don't use FIFO, the IRS is going to get more than otherwise and your accountant is going to give you the bad news come April 2018.
@_date: 2018-10-19 17:38:03


The short answer is that they can't. But [Satoshi had some comments on SPV]( that seem relevant here:


If we were to extend this line of thinking into second-layer solutions, one could argue that $1-a-day customers would be better served with a [Sidechain](
@_date: 2017-08-12 04:16:10
Same here. I didn't think it was a big deal to increase blocksize, then I realized it was conceding on a point that could lead to bigger and bigger blocksizes, eventually threatening node distribution.
In 2011, several folks on the Bitcointalk forums opined on the likelihood that a government could "destroy" Bitcoin, and many made the argument it would be more financially beneficial for a government to simply co-opt it. While this was and still is true, there was another aspect that few at the time considered, but became a real possibility as we started looking at the consequences of fewer nodes due to increasing block sizes.
We know that not all governments "get along" with each other. While China might love to have their own cryptocurrency, so too would Russia, the US, the UK, and etc. Unlike others who think the Chinese government is behind big blocks, I would argue that there might be some Western influences in favor of it too.
The reason why is simple, if you have bigger and bigger blocks, not only does it become more expensive to mine, but it becomes more expensive to run a quality node. While a country like the US or UK couldn't simply ban Bitcoin outright, it becomes far easier to say that only criminals are using Bitcoin if only 1-5% of the full nodes are being run in the US as well. Instead, they would say people should only use "USAcoin" or "UKcoin" or even "Russiacoin", and then raid the homes of those who are hosting nodes as criminals supporting foreign criminal enterprise.
IMHO, we should resist forks and altcoins because of this. Let's let SegWit (and eventually Schnorr signatures) result in increased effective blocksize and then do a non-political assessment of the impact. If there's a need for bigger blocks, we're sure to have some statistical inputs over the course of the next few months as SegWit takes hold.
@_date: 2017-08-28 16:32:28
The number of companies doesn't even matter when they are owned by the same four entities for the most part.
@_date: 2017-08-13 05:49:58
Thanks. I had two real life friends that sold ALL of their Bitcoin at ~$30 and ~$700 during bull runs. They are both doing well in their jobs and finances otherwise, but in the last year they have sent me emails essentially saying "I wish I would have got back in, there was nothing else really worth investing in."
If you live in the Western world, bonds are overrated right now, commercial real estate is at all-time highs, residential real estate requires work and might be in a smallish bubble, gold/silver are stagnant when they shouldn't be, and cash looks like a dead-end. There is seemingly nothing else worth investing in right now and while crypto-currencies may be due for a correction, I'm not exactly sure it'll be a long-lived one at this point. It could be that the technological advancement that SegWit gives Bitcoin might be enough to end about 50% of these altcoins that exist right now and probably 90% of the ICOs. That should make people seriously rethink their long term strategies. It could be a flight to the "safest" crypto is in order, and [that might a huge bullish signal for Bitcoin]( even if it *is* due for a short correction.
Good luck though, take your profits where you see fit!
@_date: 2017-08-25 21:54:34
I guess they are similar in that they both make better use of size and can both increase privacy, but they are tackling different problems with regards to size.
Schnorr signatures are a different type of digital signature algorithm than ECDSA and one that makes multi-sig very easy and with less block size impact. Imagine if we could do 5 of 7 multi-sig with something that takes up the same size as a non-multi-sig transaction today. I'm not sure if there is a BIP for this yet, it would require some large changes to the code, but it would be an awesome addition now that the patent on it has expired. ECDSA is still fine to use, but Schnorr signatures open up a lot of use cases.
[MAST]( is something that could be implemented sooner (we needed SegWit first) that decreases the space needed on the blockchain for more complex scripting. I understand this one a little less, but the idea is that you can pack conditionals into less space. It makes for some interesting use cases that might allow for more private transactions as well. 
EDIT: We actually needed not SegWit but a different way of doing script extension as maaku7 clarifies below.
@_date: 2017-01-23 22:39:13
That first link doesn't seem to work for me, did someone delete it?
@_date: 2017-08-28 16:37:35
So Luke was right after all... I had a feeling Gavin was out of his element during the whole BIP 16/17 debacle.
@_date: 2017-08-30 05:05:21
For those of you who don't know, Bitcoin Days Destroyed was a way to keep track of how many older coins were moving around. Graphs for it are hard to find these days and Blockchain.info removed their graphs for it years ago now. I personally liked the statistics. Sometimes downward price movements correlated with significant average BDD increases. Sometimes there would be price increases just after a BDD increase, too, though. It wasn't always an indicator that the price would fall or rise sharply, but it did occasionally work. The times that it didn't it could be assumed that the person behind the increase was just moving from one wallet to another, in most cases a less-secure wallet to a mult-sig one or what have you.
@_date: 2017-08-09 15:46:10
This should be top comment. Not everyone who fights for liberty in one era sticks with it, some of them turn into shysters when they feel like they aren't getting their rightful share of money or fame. I still think Falkvinge used his fame to declare he was "putting all his money into Bitcoin" near the peak in 2011 so that he could sell most of it into the buzz that would generate. He was basically invisible to the community from the peak in 2011 till early 2013. I'd be surprised if he even owns a few hundred BTC today.
@_date: 2017-01-07 07:01:00
This is awesome, IMHO. If we can laugh during the good times, we should be able to laugh at the bad times.
That said, the non-trader-but-technologist in me is indifferent to the price anyway. That version is far more interested in Segregated Witness adoption, which is probably what we should be focusing on instead.
@_date: 2017-01-04 15:57:21
This comment should be at the top of this thread, IMHO.
2008 was the year you, I, and everyone else learned just who controls Western governments. It's the bankers. And don't you ever forget it.
@_date: 2017-08-06 21:53:54
Hodl later became an acronym for Hold On for Dear Life, "this is (it) gentlemen!" Was a misspelling from the BTC-E trollbox during the gains in 2012. Also, a guy from the Bitcointalk forums named Atlas used a lot of "gentlemen"-like language that made most Bitcoiners follow the meme of " distinguished British gentleman" in the earlier Bitcoin days. There should be a timeline of Bitcoin memes at this point, honestly. I and a friend of mine could probably help write out all the events if someone knows somebody who could make the thing.
@_date: 2017-08-13 05:53:27
We *suspected* it would happen. I'll admit that it was still kind of an open question till UASF/BIP-148 made it inevitable. In fact, I'm worried that people are going to forget the lesson that BIP-148 taught us, even only three months from now.
@_date: 2016-06-03 14:13:03
I've been through the KYC/AML process with my bank. It was both a massive violation of my 4th amendment rights (IMHO) and an excuse to delay getting me my money for over a week (in the end it was almost two weeks). Because KYC/AML exists and because they have to order cash from the Federal Reserve, banks and exchanges can blame it for delays. Worse still, the process they use I can confirm is basically doing Google searches for your name. I was able to identify they looked at my LinkedIn profile because they didn't do it quietly and it reports who looks at your profile (it was the VP of my own bank). Also, there are websites that will text you if someone looks up your cell phone info and I got one of those as well.
Why does the FBI make the bank do this stuff? Why don't they just let me get my money and do it on their own time if it is so important? Is the existence of cash really an indication of criminal activity or just an indication that people are starting to finally take their privacy more seriously? Why do I have to be proven innocent first to access my own finances?
@_date: 2017-03-29 21:40:08
Stay away from PIA. [Here's why](
@_date: 2017-08-12 02:49:22
Well that sucks. I guess that means I don't have to pay my taxes next year though! Maybe it won't dip back to $4k by April, then.
@_date: 2017-08-28 18:34:00
1. First it was "We need bigger blocks." Core is wrong!
2. Then it was "Original Satoshi vision." Core is wrong!
3. Then it was "SegWit is bad code." Core is wrong!
4. Then it was "Second layer networking won't work". Core is wrong!
5. Then it was "UASF won't work." Core is wrong!
6. Then it was "Finally we now have a fork and the two can coexist, but..." Core is wrong!
7. Then it was "The NYA saved Bitcoin!" Core is wrong!
8. Now it's "We need to compromise" or "we still need bigger blocks!" Core is wrong!
Notice a trend? How many times have the people who have thought Core was wrong actually been "right"? Use Bcash if you want bigger blocks.
@_date: 2018-10-30 18:50:50
Singapore, Thailand, basically anywhere in SE Asia. Plenty moving to Switzerland and the UK as well.
I'm not sure why I'm being downvoted, I'm not saying taxes should just go away, just that the US could be more competitive...
@_date: 2017-08-15 14:44:25


This isn't defending the bad advice, but it's possible this is a confrontation initiated solely by his or her parents. A lot of non-tech-savvy people still think Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies are only something used by terrorists and criminals. They have very little understanding of the technology, the math that goes into mining and securing the blocks, and generally are unable to understand it, even after showing them for twenty to thirty minutes how it works and the speculation that goes on.
My folks and their friends are in their 60's and even after having shown them exactly how it works and explaining it at length, I still have to cringe a little when they explain Bitcoin to their friends and point to my servers and say, "This is Yorn2's Bitcoin equipment, we're pretty sure it's legal."
I've tried correcting them, but the biases are already sort of ingrained in their heads. I tried to explain to them that it's like the rapid increases in price in Gold and Silver when the markets for them were cornered in the late 70s just to give them an example from their early lives, (not to mention the closing of the gold window by Nixon) but it's all still very difficult for them to wrap their minds around. They did seem to understand that reference as an explanation for wealth gains, however.
It would not surprise me if OP, given the age, had parents who were GenX and have very little technological understanding of cryptocurrency. They probably know and use Google and Microsoft stuff every day, but they've got absolutely no reference as to why wealth happens quickly. In that case, OP should probably refer his parents to the Dot-Com era where the prices in Dot-Com stocks increased rapidly and simply say his/her gains came from speculation of the small amount (that he made from selling his online tool) on the generational equivalent of the Dot-Com era. It's like he invested in the "Amazon" or "Ebay" of cryptocurrencies. That might be easier for his parents to wrap their heads around.
EDIT: I like what says below. It might be good to go to coinmarketcap.com and point out all these other cryptocurrencies that are going up in value and say, "Some of these are like Pets-Dot-Com and some of these are like Amazon-Dot-Com and I happened to pick one that was like Amazon and made money." That should at least assuage them of the criminal concerns.
@_date: 2017-08-25 21:31:24
It might divulge who was being threatened.
@_date: 2017-08-18 17:39:43
Peter Schiff, and to a lesser extent, Mike Shedlock, are people's whose opinions I mostly respect. That said, on Bitcoin and Gold it's very important to point out that they run a direct competitor called BitGold that tries to do for Gold what the Xapo card and others try to do for Bitcoin. 
Many of these arguments that essentially come down to "Why Bitcoin and not some other cryptocurrency" can be turned directly back on goldbugs (it's odd using this term since I consider myself one as well, but Schiff and Shedlock are *irrational* in their despising Bitcoin, IMHO) as "Why Gold and not some other commodity?" Someone can make a BitSilver, BitPlatinum, and BitCopper, too, but BitGold succeeds because it is the first.
A direct comparison of BitGold's "network effect" compared to Bitcoin's isn't even in the same realm, however. BitGold is still relatively new while Bitcoin has been around for ages in comparison.
Worse still, there have been [complaints and lawsuits]( about Bitgold. People have reported having their funds frozen or otherwise tied-up, it operates on the traditional financial system which means it's subjective to primarily Western laws in ALL use cases, and the market cap for Bitgold appears to only be ~$100 million (last few financial statements put it around $80 million in fact).
This isn't to say that Bitgold is a horrible idea, but it **is** to point out that people like Mish (Mike Shedlock) and Schiff have financial reasons for arguing against Bitcoin. For what it is worth, they've been honest in pointing this out. Or, at least, Mish has been.
As someone who own both Gold and Bitcoin, I would argue one should have both and not be ashamed or put down one over the other. They have similar use cases only on a few narrow definitions, but in many cases there are good arguments for owning both. Silver is another commodity I own and would recommend that Bitcoiners also own in small portions. 
EDIT: Diversification of stores of value is a good thing. The few things that I think are overrated right now are cash, bonds, and commercial real estate. The S&amp;P 500/SPYders, mutual funds/ETFs, ETNs, and Russell 2k aren't necessarily undervalued, but due to the way US geopolitics works, is kind of rigged to always be increasing, but most people with a job are going to have 401ks, IRAs, and other instruments that already invest in these sorts of things for them.
@_date: 2017-08-23 21:56:23
Schnorr signatures will **never** be implemented in 2x or BCH. Ask their respective developers if you think I'm wrong.
@_date: 2017-08-23 15:25:49
Not all libertarians oppose all unions, though. Some of us that are minarchists would oppose just the public sector unions on principle (government has a monopoly on force and a union for a monopoly on force seems anti-ethical) while agreeing that it might be in the best interests of a free market business to do collective bargaining with a trade union. Free market advocates shouldn't be exclusive of unions by name alone.
@_date: 2017-08-25 20:54:24
[There are still people on this subreddit today saying it's not a blocksize increase](
@_date: 2017-08-21 05:48:33
Can you comment on his sovereignty point? I'm really interested in why you think the developers who compete based on merit for our trust should be thrown out the window for developers who answer to mining interests. Don't you see the problem with that? 
I don't care who a developer works for if I can audit his code, but you and others seem to be advocating upending a system of merit simply because certain developers that are justifiably arrogant and curmudgeonly don't agree.
I want them to be stubborn as all hell. They write the code that secures a multi-billion dollar network. They don't rub shoulders with bankers, financiers, and others that would love to see a less fungible Bitcoin so they can sell user data.
Is it really that the core developers are stubborn that bothers you and your friends or is it because certain developers see value in more fungible transactions? After all, you can't sell data you don't have, right?
@_date: 2017-08-18 17:10:22
I mean, this is the biggest explanation for hash increases. The companies that want to exploit ASCIBOOST have an increased incentive to mine Bcash because they have an advantage there. Doesn't mean the coin is going to be worth more, just means it's almost certain to survive as long as there are people willing to buy the coin and miners willing to mine it.
IMHO a SegWit enabled chain is going to have more utility, but that doesn't mean there aren't some people willing to use a chain with less utility.
@_date: 2018-10-01 15:06:38
Yeah, the whole "physical delivery into a vault where we will hold it for you" makes this entirely a farce, IMHO.
@_date: 2017-08-21 05:56:43


Yes, and in November you're going to see just how loyal those miners were to a non-Core vision.
Hint: The users will win yet again. What you think is miner support is affirmations without sufficient empirical data. Once the users provide that data, you'll either have to astro-turf a support base or realize that the 2x coalition is beholden to someone other than just the pool operators.
My recommendation for your continued celebrity status is not to astro-turf or work with those who are doing so.
@_date: 2017-08-25 21:03:46
[Schnorr signatures]( 
I'd rank these as the "big ones".
@_date: 2017-08-28 14:07:10
Ahh ok. I was going off of the requirement of the versioning that came along with SegWit as mentioned [here]( Re-reading it, I see what you mean when you say that technically SegWit itself wasn't required, but something similar in how versioning was done. Thanks for the clarification.
@_date: 2017-08-23 18:45:31
Exactly. Think about what whalepanda said here. This isn't about fees at all, it's about political control over the future of Bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-08-22 15:13:08


Roger and Jihan have shown they have seemingly limitless financial resources they are willing to throw into the 2x corner. I don't think the money is their own, but even if it is, the end goal is likely to increase the price of BCH. If they are even remotely successful, there's a LOT to be gained by waiting for artificial BCH price increases.
If I miss out and there are none, oh well, I still have my original BTC and I can sell BCH at a reduced rate very slowly over the course of months and years on the off-chance some other campaign comes along to try and make it "better than Bitcoin" again. 
If I wait till the 2x fork is almost happening, there's a good chance I can lap up the proceeds of their smear campaign against BTC. 
Either way, win-win for me!
@_date: 2018-10-29 16:02:00
All the pro-Bakkt posts are being shilled/gamed. We should be intentionally downvoting them because they are so blatantly being shilled to the front page by some marketing group.
@_date: 2016-06-23 16:57:21


I believe the **gmx.com** email address was compromised, but the **vistomail.com** address was never shown to have suffered the same fate.
@_date: 2017-08-07 19:55:59
Something else people overlook with the Tulip mania, too, is that the Semper Augustus, which was famously sold for the price of a decent house, could easily command $1-$2 million USD today as it's genetic line died out and it doesn't exist anymore. 
There's a reason why the price for it was particularly high, even during the mania, too. The most expensive bulbs were often genetically-diseased ones that would succumb easily to a virus that gave them their pretty colors. Even today, it is not uncommon to see some flowers like the Juliet Rose that command several million dollars in value, wholly due to their rarity and the difficulty in keeping them around due to defects. The Semper Augustus and many other tulips of this era would still fetch considerably high prices today if they even existed.
This doesn't discount that there was in fact, a bubble, but some perspective is needed, IMHO. Even the tulip mania may have been a non-event amongst many in Europe, despite it's wide spread use today in popular culture for many investment schemes.
@_date: 2017-08-22 18:34:54


Bcash will probably never have flexible transactions. It will never have Schnorr signatures, mimblewimble, and etc. It is very likely to never value fungibility, and it is designed to be a coin that replaces Bitcoin because certain entities are scared of what Bitcoin will become if the core devs are able to implement the things they intend to.
@_date: 2016-06-24 04:17:49
IMHO, this is just temporary speculation/manipulation. This is supposedly the worst the pound has compared to the US dollar since 1985. That said, I'd reckon that some larger players (Soros, EU-lovers, etc.) are simply exiting their positions in the pound because they think this is a bad decision. But we should probably be realistic. This is almost universally-bad for the euro in the long run, and I suspect that in two years we'll see more EU-exits and the pound will have rallied quite a bit from where it is today.
[The Bank of England has been talking with PWC about a blockchain-based currency]( Folks, this is what we've always wanted. It very well may end up being that the first country to actually tie its currency to the Bitcoin blockchain might not be some nobody-heard-of-third-world country but instead a first world country hell-bent on forging a new path for themselves.
Thank you Britain. Let's keep this little rebellion going!
@_date: 2017-08-30 05:23:55
I like Andreas and his talks. I subscribe to him and think he has a great way of understanding and explaining things, but his comments here on a government not banning cryptocurrencies because it isn't possible to do so without also being seen as totalitarian seems a bit naive.
When FDR issued Executive Order 6102, most historians would say he didn't turn the US into a totalitarian state, despite it being a despotic action. Additionally, some gold and silver coins in the US today are taxed at exorbitant rates under the "Collectibles" terminology. This is beyond just their bullion value. It's not inconceivable that the US could tax cryptos under different tax rates than a "USCoin" or "IMFcoin" today, effectively "banning" their use without explicitly doing so.
@_date: 2019-11-05 17:55:23
For a short period of time all three of those are definitely going to be more important, but long term, after society starts rebuilding, those three will be in sufficient number that if trade between groups happens, silver and gold and other precious metals are going to grow exponentially in importance.
@_date: 2018-10-31 16:31:20
* 31 Oct 2008 - Bitcoin's Birthday
* 03 Jan 2009 - Blockchain's Birthday
* 05 Apr 1975 - Satoshi's P2P profile Birthday
* 17 May 2010 - Almost Pizza Day (first day Laszlo posted about wanting to buy a pizza)
* 22 May 2010 - Pizza Day (day the transaction actually happened)
* 11 Feb 2009 - [Satoshi's P2P post Day](
We could probably keep going and start making up days to celebrate.
@_date: 2017-08-16 18:41:53
We never got to see the conversations of the agents egging him on to take action, either. Just the supposed decision.
@_date: 2018-10-30 17:15:42


The problem is that the expert drain from the US just goes to other countries that offer less or no taxes whatsoever if no changes to the tax structure are made. The US has to at least offer some other alternative or lower tax in order to remain competitive or they'll see a flight of knowledge and expertise.
@_date: 2017-08-22 18:21:17
UASF is what got segwit passed. Don't rewrite history.
@_date: 2017-01-06 16:02:13
Yeah, I read his last blog post. 
I just don't remember this quote, and even though it sums up his beliefs on markets in a sort of epitaph (obviously he hasn't died but this is the death of his public appearances it sounds like), I think it could be taken by some people the wrong way.
@_date: 2017-08-02 15:26:48
Head and shoulders in TA usually means a massive increase is in the works. Reverse head and shoulders in TA usually means a massive decrease is in store.
Come August 9th, Bitcoin will be making the first step in moving forward technology-wise after having been stalled for the last two years.
EDIT: Apparently I got it backwards. Reverse is bullish.
@_date: 2017-08-25 20:23:28
Wires cost money. International wires cost major money.
@_date: 2017-08-30 14:44:05
It does make sense. If you have a competitive advantage with one type of mining, you could spend a few hundred thousand dollars astroturfing a support movement for that same type of mining assuming you could find some suckers to go for it. 
You might even be able to directly or indirectly convince some multi-millionaires (in fiat) to prop up that market while you sell your mined and stored coin. Unless they knew the technical and game theoretical reasons for why it was going to fail you could string those fiat whales along for quite a while, even. Promise them that after X months things will "recover". Meanwhile you're still abusing your advantage and astroturfing both competitive mining support and investor interest.
Of course, when it gets found out and you're exposed for what was a basic scam that you just pulled off, it would look particularly bad for you. If you're willing to sell long-term trust or value in your name for profits, though, then the downsides are pretty small in comparison. Unless those being scammed knew where to look, they'd take everything you said at face value because they think you're the expert.
@_date: 2017-08-25 20:52:47
[There are still people on this subreddit today saying it's not a blocksize increase](
@_date: 2017-08-22 14:39:14
The documentary called "Bitcoin: The End of Money as We Know It" was better, IMHO, but it was still a decent documentary. I also liked the free IAMSATOSHI documentary on Youtube.
@_date: 2017-08-24 14:58:54
Well, you probably won't like my answer, but for issues of the environment there have been suggestions ranging from class-action lawsuits to covenants. 
Instead of active regulation, it might be cheaper to identify stakeholders and use lawsuits to sue the individuals directly in cases where there are no contracts in place. One of the problems of establishing an official organization like the EPA is a "the buck stops here" effect, meaning that because a gov't organization exists, there are allowed pollution levels and limitations to how much class-action lawsuits could actually punish polluters. By existing, the EPA ultimately serves to thwart actual punishment options for the most egregious defenders. 
The contrarian, or perhaps mainstream view, is that we have to have an EPA in order for small abuses to remain in check. But over time, we've sort of realized just how ineffective the EPA is on the important issues, and how large organizations have both the time and money to wordsmith the legal codes surrounding what the EPA can and cannot do, thus creating the appearance that the EPA is working to stop pollution while [some of the worst atrocities continue to take place by the very organization intended to stop them](
Covenants are a pre 20th century solution to handling things like the environment and pollution and they are actually starting [to make a comeback]( to an extent as it is becoming clear that the federal government itself (in the USA at least, covenants are also making a comeback in Western Europe) isn't the best entity to handle this. What's nice about covenants is that everyone becomes a stakeholder for their whole region, the responsibilities are clearly defined, and there's compensation mechanisms in place. 
Covenants are run more like a guild or exclusive club with arbitration and research into verifiable impacts and remediation than a top-down "follow the letter of the law or we send men with guns" solution. That's not to say that covenants can't be abused by one party, but the whole concept of them is in addressing concerns of the members for a mutual benefit instead of punishing any one person for being "out of line". An added benefit is that covenants and covenant organizations are non-profits and are extremely cheap to run, unlike the EPA. These are different from trade organizations, because not everyone in a specific region are going to be in the same industry. Farmers use the same water that cities do, for example. Disputes are handled within the coventry and generally speaking, people are happier with the results.
So with all these good arguments for covenants, why aren't they used more? Well, the EPA used to provide "guidance" for initial construction of covenants and would work with the non-profits on finding stakeholders, but over time that turned from guidance into more encroaching on the covenant contracts' enforcement. And it was easy to see why. By politicizing the environment, it gave larger organizations within the covenants a way to lobby Congress to put oversight over the EPA on which rules to enforce, which they subsequently used to bully smaller participants within the coventry.
There's a lot to be said in a lot of cases for leaving well-enough alone, and in the cases of these covenants, arbitration, and if necessary legal action, is a better, even if more expensive way of handling disputes. By giving the EPA enforcement capabilities, smaller entities who are not polluting are often held to onerous regulations while larger entities get to dictate how much pollution they are allowed to do.
Hopefully this explains a little bit more about why even minarchist libertarians take issue with the EPA.
EDIT: It's also hard to not point out how the EPA often [bullies individual land owners over something that isn't even their fault]( It's one thing to say that wetlands should be preserved, it's another to intervene into the lives of someone who is already being respectful of their environment and just wants to live on their own property. The EPA punishes smaller entities because it's easier to "get results" than to go up against the big guys. This is a problem with other gov't agencies too, from the SEC to FinCEN and others.
@_date: 2017-08-16 02:58:57
How much would it need to be worth for you to go extract it from the wall? Surely the amount is less than $50k...
@_date: 2016-11-10 23:21:04
I hear ya. I bought a three pack with some other folks that wanted one on the cheap so we could each have one at a reduced price. The price is still quite staggeringly-high even several years after having been implemented.
@_date: 2017-08-06 21:43:48
Bitcoin Days Destroyed was an attempt to try and figure that, but Block chain.info doesn't record that data anymore, really. There are some places that still do.
@_date: 2017-08-23 16:44:14
Yes, it's amazing the amount of shills attempting to rewrite history here the last two days. UASF was a user-based threat that finally got us segwit. Segwit 2X wasn't a compromise, it was miners **capitulating** to the users. Never forget that only a few mining pools ever had intentions of moving to SegWit at all till the users stood up and forced them to.
We'll have to do the same thing to get Schnorr signatures, no doubt. I'm fully prepared to upgrade my nodes again to do this, however. We should all now realize the nature of the threat, the majority of current mining pool operators have been compromised to oppose Bitcoin's security and fungibility. There's no question this isn't a state-sponsored attack at this point, IMHO.
Let's proceed to get Schnorr signatures going to increase effective block size further and oppose the state-sponsored elements that have compromised the mining pool operators.
@_date: 2017-08-23 15:31:27
UASF is what got segwit passed. Don't rewrite history.
@_date: 2017-08-07 20:14:49
The Bitcoin wiki is actually still pretty good at building a framework for a discussion. You can find something recent in the news, too, that they might have heard about lately and use that as a point of discussion.
In every conversation I've had with someone new to Bitcoin the topic of illegal activities always comes up. I would recommend watching some of Andreas's videos to get an idea of how to answer those questions. He gave a speech to a Canadian Senate committee where that and other privacy and criminality use topics came up.
Here's some links to get you prepared for those questions (which aren't really on the Bitcoin FAQ):
@_date: 2017-08-23 18:29:19
Yes, minarchists would agree the state needs a monopoly on force. Unions don't need a monopoly on state, however.
@_date: 2017-08-30 15:26:34
I never had a myspace. And get this, there are going to be people that never own Bitcoin either. That doesn't mean it won't still be in wide use. You're confusing the network effect for something else. Bitcoin is a fundamentally different crypto from the others now, it's the single best "store of value" coin, and that isn't likely to change in a year's time.
Saying Bitcoin won't be in wide use is like saying gold won't be in wide use. There's a reason why Bitcoin and gold both have difficulties as mediums of exchange, it's because they are too popular as stores of value. There's a place for that kind of digital commodity now that other cryptos are seeing popularity.
@_date: 2017-08-22 15:22:03
It's a bit more nuanced than that, IMHO.
There **are** legal issues that have nothing to do with the miners and code but more to do with the exchanges. If these exchanges are "on board" with no replay protection they are neglecting their fiduciary duty to their customers and that has very real legal consequences.
All it takes is a handful of people affected by the replay issues, sending to one of these exchanges and getting screwed over for a litany of class-action lawsuits to occur. The fact that there are ANY exchanges dumb enough to say they support a contentious hard fork should be a huge signal to lawyers that it's time to enter into cryptos for the free money.
I would be very surprised if Bitpay, even with their supposed support of Bitmain, actually supports a contentious hard fork in 2-3 months.
My guess is some of these miners, exchanges, and wallet providers are honestly beginning to question who are their friends and who are their enemies right now. In those cases, it's best to stick with status quo, and that's ultimately what we'll get regardless of what the miners declare they are going to try to do.
@_date: 2017-08-30 16:14:56
True, but Bitcoin is the most widely-used crypto right now if you go by average daily volume. kilbus is positing that it won't be in wide use in a year. That's completely absurd, especially since Bitcoin's wide use right now is very likely because it's an extremely good store of value and the attributes that would make it a bad store of value are not changing, in fact, there's considerable resistance to that change. 
Regardless of the "medium of exchange" failures, most people are getting into cryptos right now because of the "store of value" reasons, and Bitcoin remains the king of that use case. To assert that it won't be in wide use in a year is ludicrous.
@_date: 2018-10-02 19:30:59
Now if we can get just one other hosting provider to do this we'll have a redundancy option, too.
@_date: 2016-11-17 14:47:39
Not only that, but Circle itself is more like the Netscape in this scenario while Bitcoin is like IP.
@_date: 2017-08-02 21:26:35
[Finding Bcash Block 478575](
EDIT: More appropriate link name.
@_date: 2017-08-29 13:58:52
Sidechains and layer two networks add more value than ever increasing block sizes. You still haven't answered my question about why 2x instead of 4x, 8x, 16x or 32x?
@_date: 2017-08-28 21:57:25
It's more legit of an explanation than your question a few days ago about SegWit being the end of Satoshi's coin was. I would recommend or for some of the questions you've had, btw.
I get there's a lot of new people in Bitcoin, and you're certainly welcome, but the environment of 2009 to August of 2015 was entirely different compared to the last two years and it is becoming blatantly obvious someone's intent is to do a perpetual attack on Bitcoin.
@_date: 2016-11-16 22:18:10
Martin Malmi also did some early work as well.
@_date: 2017-08-28 19:14:54
Of course not. Full blocks are a sign the network is being used. What you're upset with is that because they are full it can't be used for specifically what you want to use it for. There are altcoins now and eventually there will be sidechains for those use cases.
@_date: 2017-08-07 21:17:32
Btw, pay particular attention to the part by Vinay Gupta to get an idea of what is coming. This is a disruptive technology. It is not intended to be complicit with established institutions.
@_date: 2017-08-21 22:47:50


Holy crap that [link]( should be stickied somewhere as evidence of gaming the system.
In case the poster deletes his account and posts, [here's the evidence]( that Bashco is talking about.
Has Roger ever explained why he's presumably paying for these services? I mean, if it's not him or one of his employees, who does he claim is behind this stuff?
@_date: 2017-08-01 19:58:51
Do you really trust the exchanges to make do on their promise to deliver the goods? If you sell BCH for BTC and then initiate a withdrawal, how quickly do you think they'll deliver on it? Has anyone done a withdrawal after selling their BCC yet? What happens if a massive bug is found tomorrow and the dev team that hardly anyone knows the names of decide to do a roll back?
There's too many unknowns, IMHO. I'll at least wait till SegWit activates before I do any sales, but when I do, it'll be very small percentages of my newly acquired BCH at a time, most likely.
@_date: 2016-12-07 22:33:14
Hearn rage quit Bitcoin almost a year ago, coordinated with several hit pieces on Bitcoin in the media. The price of Bitcoin has basically doubled since then. 
Circle rage quits and tries to be as punishing as possible media-wise as well. What do you think is going to happen?
@_date: 2017-08-07 18:37:45
The Bitcointalk forums have a [community council]( but I am confident they don't want to be bothered by this sort of thing. Saying that a subreddit or forum shouldn't be run by just one person is kind of silly if your concern is effective communication. The only thing theymos has to do is ensure there's a group of people ready to find another single individual to replace him as the next benevolent dictator once he's gone. 
Do you see Bitcoin.com or any of the altcoins running decentralized forums?  Of course not! It'd be a crapshoot, IMHO. Signal/noise ratio would suck. Majority vote and democracy sucks. Do any of you even realize how Socrates died?
@_date: 2016-11-01 18:22:53
Also, four months after this fiasco [this post by Gavin]( happened. On Page 3 of [his presentation]( he mentioned there were somewhere around 20 to 30 thousand nodes. 
Guess how many there are today?
EDIT: Some people have interpreted my comment to mean that people run less nodes because of Gavin's speech. That's not at all what I mean. I do think there are people who are very very pleased there are less nodes out there, though.
@_date: 2017-01-02 16:09:51
Apparently this post was a result of a bunch of folks setting reminders for the price of Bitcoin in 2017. Or so some of these other replies would suggest.
@_date: 2017-08-29 15:52:07
I can't speak for the people developing MW, but I think it'd be a good sidechain myself.
@_date: 2017-08-21 22:12:21
This fallacy is [overused and abused]( In fact, it's often used in cases that try to affirm the opposite [when the opposite isn't true either](
So a more accurate representation of what he was trying to say is: *If you don't sync a Bitcoin node on your own network and run into the day-to-day issues that come from it, you are much less likely to be qualified to comment about block size and thus know less about Bitcoin than someone who does.*
@_date: 2018-06-07 18:06:06
If what he is saying is true, then BCH and BTC's difficulty would be increasing at significantly different rates, which hasn't shown to be the case. It could be that there are enough miners who will not mine BCH *at all* that the effect of the DAA is marginal. Additionally, there are some miners who will not switch because of the benefits of overt ASICBOOST.
@_date: 2017-08-21 21:59:01
I never heard him called Bitcoin Jesus till he linked an article calling him Bitcoin Jesus. It must have been a name he was given among his small group of finance friends at the time or something because no one on the forums or IRC used that term prior to the first article about it, AFAIK.
@_date: 2017-08-10 21:46:15


This is debatable. He's never been on the quarterly list of US expats which is published by the Treasury. He also was denied entry to the US a few years ago and for undisclosed reasons, has been able to make it to conferences in the US. We don't know for sure if he's a US citizen or not.
@_date: 2016-11-30 02:09:32


He's [fighting extradition]( or at least that's the last we've heard. He believes he's dead if he gets extradited to the US.
He's also the former Silk Road admin that claimed someone named Diamond was a rogue agent in the FBI or what he calls a tergiversator (someone playing both sides) in a [post on myPlanetGanja forums](
He's known for making up some big stories, but it'd be interesting if someone could confirm that the two emails he claimed he sent to Serrin Turner were legit or not. It looks as if [someone is investigating the veracity of the emails]( via a FOIA request.
EDIT: added that he was a former "Silk Road" admin, in case it wasn't clear what he was admin of.
@_date: 2017-08-23 22:01:39
For end users, this means no need for a central exchange. If you can find someone random and/or anonymous willing to trade Litecoin, you can trade Bitcoin (and vice-versa) without going through any third party and know the trade will be mathematically-secure.
@_date: 2016-11-03 16:58:36
Keep in mind the only way to really "buy" Bitcoins in 2010 and early 2011 was to give a stranger Paypal money who would deposit it into USD tokens in a small PHP site created originally for trading Magic The Gathering cards a few days later. Then you could click a button to buy these "tokens" that a few dozen smart programmers were saying might have "real" value someday. Also, you had to run a client mostly 24/7 or else wait for it to catch back up after you closed it to actually send those tokens to purchase other goods. There wasn't even encryption within the application, and a few people were complaining on the forums about getting their wallet.dat stolen or the exchange not doing certain transactions right.
This wasn't just "risky" it was almost prohibitively risky at the time. Very few of us were willing to "invest" hundreds, let alone thousands of USD in this sort of thing. I think we all knew the potential was great, but it was clunky, cumbersome to use, and not anything close to the system it is today.
At the time of the BTC pizza trade, there really wasn't any established value. A coin dealer was selling Bitcoin here and there for $50 in the thousands of Bitcoin, but he sometimes wouldn't even get any takers.
@_date: 2016-11-30 01:59:44
What do they actually charge him with since a murder didn't happen, "conspiracy"? It'd be hard to argue that when the person who goaded him into doing it was not only a DEA agent, but also a criminal as well, and made himself richer because of the fake hit.
@_date: 2018-06-28 14:30:45
Oh sure, I just wanted to clarify that $0 was once an actual observation. The reason why it is important is that every currency we've tried so far except gold eventually expires worthless and I do think it is important to remember that. Fiat and even crypto may prove to be legitimate, but both could very easily go back to $0 value at some point in the far future as well.
I'm still very very bullish on Bitcoin and a few select altcoins and have been bullish on Bitcoin since my first attempt at mining in 2010, but I don't want to lose sight of the possible. This was all started as an experiment after all.
@_date: 2016-11-16 22:48:53


A decent portion of the journalist community was, but I'd disagree that the Bitcoin community was duped, and certainly not those of us that use PGP/GPG semi-regularly. I put together a [timeline of Craig Wright events from a cryptographer's perspective]( It seems clear to me, at least, that this was more than just a simple con, he'd been successful in convincing a few early folks with a backdated key and intentionally set up a fake Amazon review and leaked other information based on what happened when Dorian was doxxed by Newsweek to succeed with the longer con. Add to this the persona of him being an "insufferable genius" that he'd built up for himself and a multi-million dollar loan and you've got one heck of convincing swindle.
The rest of your comments about Gavin I'd agree with.
@_date: 2016-11-28 14:00:57
Bankers in 2008 got gov't bailouts, that is hardly a free market (hands off) stance.
@_date: 2017-08-31 14:28:48
They also don't audit the raw gold held for the US Treasury and raw gold held for foreign banks at the same time. In fact, the GAO isn't allowed to audit foreign gold at all.
Ultimately, this is like the last thing that the audits have yet to get to (aside from some foreign banking things that are equally disturbing) and even Bernie Sanders was all in favor of it and pushing it alongside Ron Paul back in 2010-2012 till he suddenly changed his position and amended the bill to not audit the foreign gold (and foreign banking interventions). The bill passed and everyone celebrated how "Audit the Fed" was a reality except for Ron Paul and other gold bugs that know something is still fishy about the whole thing.
@_date: 2017-08-24 20:37:56
Here's [the thread in question](
@_date: 2017-08-22 15:47:25
This is a very good point. I'm missing out on guaranteed opportunity now for a non-guaranteed opportunity later. I've been in the game for a while and I know what I'm doing. :) 
I'm perfectly happy to see my BCH expire worthless. In fact, I'd love for it to do so. I first got involved for the tech in 2010, not the financial gains. The financial gains have just been a nice little perk, but I'd rather see one "Bitcoin". I'm taking a gamble that Ver and Wu have a lot more in store for Bcash/BTC as far as manipulation goes over the next few months. I want to be there when they start. Reaching parity might be a stretch, but I think it's possible they could do it and I'm willing to gamble on that possibility. Good luck in your endeavors, too!
@_date: 2017-08-24 15:14:48
He made a guess, he was wrong. People wanted SegWit, despite some mining pools and consistently lying and saying it was "flawed" or "dangerous". Now look at where we are.
@_date: 2016-12-13 20:34:29
Any sort of implementation of LN was impossible while the blockchain still had mutable transactions, so four years ago it would have been hard for any sort of proposal to have been taken too seriously. IMHO this is kind of a divisive commentary that misrepresents people and their intentions. Let Ver and Core work out their own issues.
@_date: 2016-12-28 17:11:01
Schnorr signatures might make CoinJoin transactions less costly transaction-wise, which could make for some interesting tumbling options. More info [in this article](
@_date: 2017-01-07 06:45:46








There's nothing wrong with this prediction, IMHO. We've seen a smallish bubble and he even realized it was hype as evidenced by his comments. It'll probably be followed by a larger bubble here in a few months, but a retraction or profit-taking is certainly expected. Even if it lasts a month or more. (Taxes will be on every Westerner's mind till about April.)
Cryptolution isn't a newbie when it comes to erratic price movements. Any glance over his post-history shows this. I'm not sure what OP's issue is.
@_date: 2018-10-31 15:59:46
Feds to raid Wasabi Wallet office in 3... 2... 
@_date: 2017-08-15 21:20:21
What's actually kind of great about this was that this was an example of how to make address ownership "taint-proof". 
So it is a great example of how you can't really identify the owner of any single address when these taint-proof transactions exist to muddle who is the actual owner of what. If Schnorr signatures get implemented, there's further ways to muddle this, especially if we make such transactions the ones selected by default in most clients.
@_date: 2018-06-11 15:04:44
Which only works because fiat-lovers are presently using a depreciating asset as their base unit. So long as inflation exists, cryptocurrencies are going to keep killing off the weakest fiats because the bad money is so bad it's effectively unusable. This is essentially [Thier's law]( in application. 
The third world has experienced this enough to know it's legit, but us spoiled first-worlders are perplexed by it because we've had the luxury of relatively stable fiat currency. And make no mistake, many fiat currencies (dollar, pound, yuan, maybe the yen?) can and will survive cryptos, but the weak ones cannot. 
Bitcoin doesn't necessary care if any particular fiat survives, it can and will still steal the fiat's users at significant enough rates that inflation puts the fiat at risk of succumbing to Thier's law, effectively curbing policymakers from pursuing inflation as a solution to a government's fiscal irresponsibility.
@_date: 2017-08-29 16:20:32


That moment when you realize that the entities in the Bitcoin space with the highest incentive to increase fees through spamming are the ones who get to collect the fees themselves...
There is hope, however, as they sometimes (and sporadically "often") lose those spam fees to miners that aren't gaming the system.
To be fair, the network has relied on the altruism of miners for too long, anyway, so it's important that the anti-fragility be tested here with the spam and the push for yet another horrible fork. There's a high incentive for honest miners to join the network when bad miners are wasting money like they are doing with spam attacks, empty blocks, and forks today.
@_date: 2017-08-30 15:44:13


I'm not sure what your standard is for "wide use", but rather than debate semantics I'll just state that I disagree. Gold is one of the most popular precious metals and clearly the most voluminous on a day-to-day basis. I would put Oil, Gas, Sugar, Gold, Corn, Wheat, Soybeans, Copper, Silver, and Cotton in the "wide use" category for commodities. If we're talking purely for Store of Value or as a precious metal I'd put Gold, Copper, and then Silver. What would you put in there for each of those?
Bitcoin, Ethereum, Bcash, Litecoin, and Ripple would be my top five for "wide use" due to their average daily volumes for cryptos.
You seem to be making the assumption that Bitcoin of those five is not going to still be in the top five a year from now. That'd be a hell of a change or fall and would need to be precipitated by something other than just "I can't buy coffee with it." It totally ignores the real reason so much fiat money is going into cryptos right now, people want a better store of value. You're right that others can do the same and that perhaps fundamentally there is nothing much different, but nothing has fundamentally *changed* with Bitcoin with respect to its store of value, either.
Myspace lost out because they changed, too much, IMHO. They let users completely swap out their CSS, play annoying music on load, and had tons of security issues. If anything, Bitcoin has shown that it won't change, and that's going to continue to attract those who value it because it's a store of value and secure, which is what most people getting into cryptos are looking for today.


Yes, prior to Bitcoin, I was a commodities trader and owned physical gold and even did trades in physical gold, silver, and other metals.
@_date: 2017-08-07 16:00:37
Below is a Pareto distribution: [source](
80/20 Orders of Distribution for BTC:Humans
* 1st Order. 7,000,000,000 Humans :: 21,000,000 BTC = .003 BTC/capita
* 2nd Order. 1,400,000,000 Humans :: 16,800,000 BTC = .012 BTC/capita
* 3rd Order. 280,000,000 Humans :: 10,752,000 BTC = .0384 BTC/capita
* 4th Order. 56,000,000 Humans :: 8,601,600 BTC = .1536 BTC/capita
* 5th Order. 11,200,000 Humans :: 6,881,280 BTC = .6144 BTC/capita
* 6th Order. 2,240,000 Humans :: 5,505,024 BTC = 2.5 BTC/capita
* 7th Order. 448,000 Humans :: 4,404,019.2 BTC = 9.8 BTC/capita
* 8th Order. 89,600 Humans :: 3,523,215.3 BTC = 39.3 BTC/capita
* 9th Order. 17,920 Humans :: 2,818,572.2 BTC = 157.3 BTC/capita
* 10th Order. 3,584 Humans :: 2,254,857.8 BTC = 629.2 BTC/capita
* 11th Order. 716 Humans :: 1,803,886.2 BTC = 2,519.4 BTC/capita
* 12th Order. 143 Humans :: 1,443,109 BTC = 10,0091.7 BTC/capita
* 13th Order. 28 Humans :: 1,154,487.2 BTC = 41,231.7 BTC/capita
* 14th Order. 5 Humans :: 923,589.7 BTC = 184,717.9 BTC/capita
* 15th Order. 1 Human :: 738,871.8 BTC
@_date: 2016-11-28 14:07:05
I fail to see how you've answered his question. Low liquidity compared to *what*? All commodities, or at least non-perishables, trade at extremely low liquidities. Hell, gold is probably *worse* than Bitcoin in this respect, especially if you remove the ETFs.
@_date: 2016-12-28 18:34:16
I've been a long-term holder (first purchase was early 2011), but I'm not so sure about the retirement part.
Suppose some fantasy scenario where "a few" BTC are worth $3 million in US fiat. Will that be because BTC is worth so much or be because US fiat is finally worth so little?
@_date: 2018-06-14 17:29:10
You're absolutely right. Bannon comes from the remnants of the [paleoconservative right]( IMHO. 
They have some crossover with libertarians in that they are not pro-interventionalism and are constitution-oriented, but, like their ideological left-wing opponents, they reject individualism and don't mind violating those same constitutional rights when it comes to their pet positions, usually on issues like immigration. Perhaps a better way to describe Bannon today though is as [a right-wing collectivist]( which Jeffery Tucker did recently.
@_date: 2016-11-03 17:10:53
* Using SETI
* Some guy links to this Bitcoin thing
* Download client, start mining
* Mine two blocks in late 2009
* Looked to see what other people were doing with them
* No one responds
* Thought this stuff was too theoretical and more like a lab experiment so it was pretty pointless
* Deletes Bitcoin and all associated folders
* Goes back to BOINC/Seti to do something worthwhile with my CPU
@_date: 2016-11-10 23:09:17
You have a 24 word backup on paper in case of hardware or firmware utterly failing, but there are recovery mechanisms for even firmware issues. There is no internal battery.
@_date: 2019-08-02 12:20:48
Lots of reasons. Biggest reason however is scarcity and stock-to-flow.
@_date: 2019-08-08 15:45:58


This isn't true at all, people were talking about all sorts of things that made sense. There were even BIPs of various solutions, too. Ultimately, none of them looked like they couldn't be abused while SegWit had a clear advantage with zero downsides.
I remember posting about doing scaling using Bitcoin Days Destroyed and didn't get downvoted or accosted as a Bitmain shill.
@_date: 2017-08-21 21:50:54


It's awfully similar. Saying it uses it verbatim is incorrect. But saying it absolutely doesn't would also be incorrect. The closest thing at the time of Bitcoin's creation to what it was doing was basically what hashcash did.
@_date: 2019-08-14 16:49:29
You want to know something even more crazy is that they've existed since like 2012...
We used to make fun of them on but I see the last post there was like 3 years ago.
@_date: 2019-08-01 22:08:37
While I'm not a huge fan of the tone, it's kind of hard to argue that both talk of tariffs and the tariffs themselves, aren't really f'ing stupid. Sometimes I wonder if maybe that's Trump's point, though, to show how silly and absurd China's devaluation is and has been for exports?
The longer-term problem to all this is that after China has spurred more domestic consumption and gets to a point where they can handle their own agricultural needs, it won't matter that our exports are cheap and they can spend their excess dollars on US weapons like Saudi Arabia is doing now.
Who is going to buy US debt when no one needs it anymore?
@_date: 2019-08-05 21:03:25
I mean, I am skeptical of it, but I do still think it's within the realm of possibility. At the start of 2013, Bitcoin was at something like $12/coin and by November it was briefly over $1100/coin. That's a 92X increase, and pretty crazy if you think about it.
If the same thing happened here in 2019, that'd be like going from $3.4k/coin in January to $313k. Again, I definitely do not think something like that is happening, which is why a $100k result actually sounds reasonable in comparison.
@_date: 2017-08-13 19:12:51
It changes from statistically over to statistically under half depending on timing and other study details, but its safe to say that 50% is a pretty damn good estimate right now and has been for at least a decade.
@_date: 2016-12-20 15:10:06
Bars? Like a pound or more? That's a hefty amount. Even for Manhattan.
@_date: 2019-08-20 17:19:39


Yes and no. BTC seems to be one of the first real proofs that Theirs' law or a reverse-Gresham law seems to exist. It's seemingly its own animal.
In the idea that its scarcity is what seemingly gives it value, Bitcoin is acting more like a commodity than a currency and such markets are historically driven by human action more than anything else. I know some have tried to use stock to flow here, but it might be hard to pinpoint specifically what "school" of economic thought applies. 
Menger, Mises, and the Austrian school might make the most sense here. Jevons also makes sense so long as you're talking about marginal utility along the lines of what cryptos and BTC itself give us, which is mostly just pseudonymous transfer of wealth online, keeping in mind that some of them are going to have specific use-cases and some of them might be sidechains.
I suppose if you are looking purely at cryptos with linear emission rates only (Grin?, Doge? I'm sure there are more that fall under this category) you could argue they are more akin to Friedman's k-percent rule, but these are kind of an exception rather than a rule. That's maybe the monetarist angle here.
@_date: 2017-08-28 16:25:07
It's gotta be a government, IMHO. There's just no other explanation. Rational people don't do political takeovers when it costs them this much money to do it.
@_date: 2017-08-28 16:23:56


That's how I read your recommendation. This isn't unity, this is "you" directly attacking the developers who led us here.
@_date: 2019-08-19 16:55:08
I mean, you can look up his name and see he answered a Quora question supporting the scam coin called [Onecoin]( Whatever his intentions, they are very very bad.
@_date: 2018-06-18 17:34:49
Mining is a fool's errand anymore. The best times to mine are when you have an excess of fiat and the price is falling. So sometime after the peak that I suspect will hit next year, you can mine at a profit and will have an ROI of about a year or year and a half. The problem with mining, however, is if you know the price is going to be falling, why mine? 
Instead, spend a little time watching for the high volume low after a drop of 80% or more from the peak in 2019 after about 2-4 years of time (yes, it will take that long to fall to the new low). Then, buy in with all the money you were going to spend on mining after it's first big increase and be prepared to sit on it for 6-8 years, half of which will be waiting for it to get back to the 2019 ATH.
As states, there are really only 3 times you should get into mining: as a hobby, as something in which you have a competitive advantage (low or cheap power, quick/cheap line to a manufacturer), or if you have a significant fiat backing for a very long term investment (5 years or more).
EDIT: Regarding books, I recommend [this one by Mandelbrot for sure]( I also recommend [a storied history of inflation]( This might surprise you, but aside from a generic college degree, I do not have a formal education in finance or fintech, everything I learned was self-taught and was learned since 2011 when I realized I'd **have** to learn it in order to make money. Historical pricing doesn't lie, it tells a story of behaviors and it seems that commodities all have the same sort of algorithm built into them, even if its stretched differently, sometimes over a decade or more, sometimes over a very short time frame.
It's very hard to teach this stuff, but another thing I would recommend is looking into [turtle trading]( and specifically reading about [turtle trading in Bitcoin]( Full Disclosure, I did not buy the actual book on this, but I studied the original rules and came up with an example that backtested well and started off with that, modifying slowly over time into the long-term trading algorithm that I am using now.
@_date: 2016-11-30 01:33:58
I know a lot of folks have talked about a movie of the Silk Road being good, but I've often wondered if the Making a Murderer crew shouldn't cover the Silk Road trial in a documentary style instead.
It might take a number of years to get everything documented, but it'd be interesting to see more of the challenges facing the defense as they continually seem to get shot down by the judge on stuff that seems pretty relevant to the case.
I'd like to know more about who the prosecution is, who the judges involved in the case and appeals are, and etc. It sounds like Ross made some mistakes but I still find it hard to believe he's really the monster the prosecution and several even on this subreddit seem really intent on making him.
Worse still, it [sounds like Variety Jones was right]( (Caution: link is to a NSFW forum but the text is relatively fine by itself). If his "Diamond" ends up being this third rogue agent, maybe both a documentary and a based-on-a-true-story movie will be warranted.
@_date: 2018-06-27 18:19:46
The lowest ever price was, prior to [laszlo's pizza]( $0. He got two pizzas priced at about $41 at the time for 10k bitcoin, or $41/10,000 = $0.0041. So the lowest fiat value is actually less than one cent, either zero or $0.0041 depending on how much credence you lend to it not having a fiat value prior to the pizza deal.
@_date: 2019-08-28 14:10:53
EDIT: On second thought, I'm erasing all that and just downvoting you. is no place for BS politics.
@_date: 2019-08-06 19:20:29
Hal has stated he [believed he was talking with a young man of Japanese descent with a brilliant idea and who was sincere about seeing it to fruition](


@_date: 2019-10-07 22:14:29
I'm pretty sure I was banned entirely from I posted something that was deleted or removed in 2018. Granted, the price had been falling, but it wasn't so much of a suggestion to buy as a small explanation that the Dollar Cost Averaging strategy with percentage sales after every doubling was a better long-term strategy because people tended to be impulse buyers or sellers.
My comment went under review for being spamming or something. In my defense, I pointed to a comment I had made in 2013 in the same exact sub about doing basically the exact same thing. I thought for sure they were going to be rational about it, but they weren't. They removed every comment I ever made in the entire sub, I think. I really wish I would have taken screenshots of it all, I lost a few comments I had really spent some time on and I can't search for them via google now (and Reddit's built-in search engine still sucks).
@_date: 2016-11-18 15:55:42
It could also backfire on them. There may be a pool that will signal for SegWit without agreeing to the collusion, and they may get most of the hashpower that the collusion group were taking for granted, making their move costly to them.
@_date: 2018-06-02 23:22:40
I'd recommend picking a few that there's plenty of relevant data on and also including as many sources as you can. This might require going back through your previous legwork and refinding sources, but it'll be good ammo for future postings.
Also, I would recommend [Monetary Regimes and Inflation]( It's mostly apolitical and just states the policies that were implemented around the same times as the inflation that may or may not have had an impact on the rate of inflations during the periods examined. Correlation doesn't necessary equal causation, but when you have example after example of debasement and long-term monetary policies and currencies failing along with them or with certain drastic shifts in policy, it makes for a pretty clear understanding of what events cause people to abandon their faith in any particular coin or fiat. This book is chock full of such examples.
@_date: 2019-08-06 19:13:13
Satoshi [even mentions that bitcoin will be attractive to libertarians in an early email](
@_date: 2019-08-06 16:15:02


Who cares? Free markets shouldn't be dictated by an artificial need to spend which is what QE, interest rate manipulation, and fiat are ultimately driven by.
@_date: 2019-08-01 21:50:48
Yes, that first prediction was right, but the others are quite a bit hard to achieve in such a short time without a significant breakdown of world currencies. [For Reference]( Please read this with a huge grain of salt, btw.
@_date: 2019-08-27 21:06:38
I wouldn't either, which is why I also mentioned the June 2015 vistomail email (which couldn't have been written by Satoshi if he was dead) and mentioned the fact that Kleinman was an ex-cop that didn't care about privacy rights and financial freedom.
@_date: 2019-08-24 03:17:55
Given everything that is going on politically and geopolitically I think the Federal Reserve would rather destroy their reputation with hyperinflation than risk having the President embarrass them. And this president thinks we must win a currency valuation war with China at all costs. I'm not judging him, just pointing out what it seems like the position is of the most powerful person in the world right now. China, meanwhile, seems deadset on embarrassing him.
Let that sink in when you think about what is next for things like Gold and Bitcoin...
@_date: 2018-06-10 02:52:49
Some did. Others sold half as it was falling and kept GPU mining as best they could through the drop to $2 and bought some again as it recovered in late 2011 and into 2012. There's some old posts on the forums from people that were locked or never bumped that show the sentiment at the time. The ["wealthy elite gentlemen" post]( has a few posts from 2011 through early 2012 that kind of captures the feeling.
@_date: 2019-08-14 16:45:43
US State Department officials were [caught with the leaders of these groups](
Supposedly they were meeting with a US state department official to talk about the law enforcement stuff that the US sells to Chinese law enforcement agencies, but the fact of the matter is that if this were a Chinese state department official meeting with an Antifa member or religious right figurehead, it would be front page news.
I'd be very wary about who you are giving money to.
@_date: 2019-08-06 22:32:47
I agree for sure that some things are suspicious-sounding, but only really if you are fishing for a story, I think. Also, I am from Cambodia...
We wouldn't even know about Dorian Nakamoto if it wasn't for that Newsweek article. I really think the author was just itching for any sort of coincidence. It wasn't even all that accurate since Dorian never really used his Satoshi birth name for any legitimate reason. His name is common enough to be like a "John Smith" and he happened to be named "Mark John Smith". Additionally, some of Dorian's comments on the model train forums or lists make any suggestion of him being Satoshi laughable at best. He was not very good at writing online.
Satoshi Nakamoto used distinctly British English language in many cases. He occasionally used American English as well, but I think it's safe to say [that a word like "cheque" is not something an American would regularly use]( and would probably not even imagine using, meaning that the Bitcoin creator is very likely British.
There's even more that supports this [including analysis of forum post times]( early IP addresses of Bitcoin network participants, and more, but I'm not going to get into it in any great detail.
Just kidding on the Cambodia thing, btw. I'm not really from there. :)
@_date: 2018-06-07 21:25:12
Mr. Number is an application that will autoblock calls for you.
@_date: 2016-11-18 20:11:25
I paid five figures in taxes in 2013 due to my Bitcoin capital gains and I even paid an accountant to find ways to avoid doing so much. Maybe if you have absolutely no other income you are going to pay 0%, but saying this like the average person can avoid paying taxes on the first $30k is disingenuous at best. For most of us it was ~35% in 2013. I paid mine but I feel pretty bad for the others as the IRS didn't even release their guidelines till like less than a month before April 15th, 2014. All those people who filled out their taxes legitimate before those guidelines came out are likely to get audited, and it's not even their fault in many cases.
@_date: 2019-08-12 14:40:54


There might be a few dozen, but the thing is, if they've held this long, what huge thing has changed to cause them to sell it all at once now? Maybe they don't look at things in such a binary "all in or all out" fashion? 
These are people who have probably spent the better part of a decade with Bitcoin through 3 different drops in value of 80% or more and three different increases of 30X (from sub $1 in 2009-early 2011 to $33 in mid 2011), 500X ($2 in Fall of 2011 to over $1k in Fall of 2013), and 115X ($165 in January 2015 to $19000 in December 2017).
With numbers and increases and waiting periods like that, what specific event is going to trigger them to sell every single coin they own now?
@_date: 2016-12-02 18:12:35
The map is still technically right. Ecuadorians do use the centavo coins and they would be considered a national coin/currency. They are just not not widely used outside of the country. 
People understand that just like US-label clothing, music, and etc., US dollars are also widespread and used in the third world. The map is fine as-is, in my opinion, just keep in mind that many economists will see the map and say who cares?
@_date: 2016-12-30 15:33:41
One generally-recommended strategy is to puchase coin with 2-5% of every paycheck, and sell 10% of total current holdings every time the price doubles from when you started buying.
@_date: 2018-06-01 15:36:21


This is a point that needs to be drilled constantly into every single crypto user's head. Development will never be "finished" just like Internet protocols are never really "finished" like IP, Email, HTTP, etc. I never understood this argument that Lightning won't be "done" for two years; it won't be "done" ever. There won't be a finished product ever. Even Microsoft doesn't have finished products anymore (they instead fall off of support), they are patching and releasing security updates for their software every month, sometimes even more than once per month.
@_date: 2019-08-20 17:25:20
It's the closest thing we have to evidence. You can click on his name and view his post history. 
Without evidence to the contrary, that post is all we have to go on. Oddly enough, I wasn't under the impression that deleted comments. They state on the page that "This subreddit was created to uphold and honor free speech", which would imply they didn't delete comments.
Guess they aren't the bastion of free speech they want us all to think.
@_date: 2019-08-15 15:42:16
Started mining in 2010 because it was a scarce resource. Started buying in 2011 because it was a scarce resource.
Sold for more mining equipment, bought more again expecting price increases. I have participated in the market and bought little things here and there but I've been primarily a holder since 2013.
I'm in this for a lot of reasons, but I suppose the biggest thing is that Western governments no longer value saving anymore and can only spend, spend, spend. They absolutely refuse to learn the consequences of overspending and what ever-increasing debt does to future prosperity. 
Each newer generation of youth has less wealth as a whole to work with than the previous one, and it is all because of our excessive spending.
I still think this is all going to result in a default. That's what killed the overspending Soviet Union in the late 90s, after all. The youth of tomorrow will have no incentive to pay for the excesses of yesteryear and a generation that they barely knew.
If I had a currency option worth saving money in, I'd use that instead of Bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-06-02 23:36:03
Isn't that still failing though? It seems silly to somehow cheapen the damage being done by the rapidly decreased value, even if it is officially replaced. 
Imagine for years you had a rich uncle who told you he had a hoard of US dollars in the bank as your inheritance, he dies and you can't find the bank infomation. The US gov't says not long after that we're going to use a new currency and the USD will no longer be used. You then find out which bank it was but they tell you the money is now worthless. 
For the person who finds a hoard of cash years later, they've been robbed of that wealth. You'd be hard pressed to tell that person that the currency didn't fail them.
Same goes for businesses, loans, or moneychangers that are forced to accept a currency while the exchange into the new currency is taking place. They just get screwed and that's not really fair.
@_date: 2019-10-31 17:42:43


If you've ever talked to a politician in private, you'll know this isn't true. :D
@_date: 2016-12-01 02:38:33
This is the kind of thing that could make the US irrelevant to the coming "Internet of Money". Hopefully they'll appeal. Every single tech and law blog and website should be talking about this egregious abuse of government power, they cannot compel companies to violate their user's privacy. This action and the fight against it is just as relevant as Apple's decision to stand up to the FBI.
@_date: 2019-08-19 15:39:33


[This is]( It was his last post, he explained how Lightning transactions can't be censured or blocked and was subsequently banned.
@_date: 2016-11-16 22:15:13
Eccentricity shouldn't be mistaken for madness. There are people with different points of view and it is no surprise that people like Popescu, Cody Wilson, Amir Taaki, and Luke Dashjr, who don't fit the conventional mold in their political or religious views are drawn to something like Bitcoin.
@_date: 2016-12-22 15:59:50


Are you sure about that? 
"First of all, you never have to default because you print the money, I hate to tell you, OK?" -- [Donald Trump when referring to the Federal Reserve. May 9th, 2016](
@_date: 2016-12-01 21:39:54
NSA is SIGINT, CIA is HUMINT. It's typically been the CIA that intercepts hardware packages and then violates our civil rights, not the NSA, they violate our civil rights via mass surveillance instead.
@_date: 2017-08-21 22:22:43
This brings up an interesting point.
You're right especially with regards to early day understanding of what Bitcoin was. It has changed over time such that terms used within the Bitcoin community like "P2P" made better sense than "torrent" but if we had used "torrent" early on it would have defined a different aspect that was important to the network while still being feasibly accurate. Obviously the more generic "P2P" was more accurate, but it was also less specific. No one today would call Bitcoin a torrent network, but early on, that's essentially what it was. I think everyone knew it would change to be less torrent and more "its own thing", which is why we didn't use such terms to describe it, despite it having the idea of a P2P torrenting system as some of its core functionality (with lack of any other similar system to describe what it was doing).
@_date: 2017-08-23 15:33:55
If the users are the car, it's pretty accurate actually. I don't follow miner expertise, they get compensated for their time and effort. Core doesn't. I care far more about who is developing this beast than I do about miners mining it. Anyone can be a miner, only Core and their system of merit can develop.
@_date: 2017-08-23 18:26:55
Minarchists are more numerous than an-caps AFAIK. Minarchists themselves are kind of split on a few issues as well. I'm more of a "night-watchman state" sort of person that only really believes in a monopoly on police and courts. Some would go a bit further and argue for things that arise from what they perceive as "market failures". So that would include lighthouses, maybe fire departments, etc.
Ultimately, the real parts that we would all agree on is that government has gotten "too big" which is why pro-government statists and some some big government liberals and conservatives would see the growing numbers only as their extremes, because right now the an-caps are some of the most vocal, despite being part of a minority. Minarchists as a whole just want DRASTICALLY smaller gov't without elimination of it. Some things like the debt are atrocities in our eyes, because it's stealing the prosperity of future generations by indebting ourselves now.
Calvin Coolidge is a good example of a minarchist. Most historians would argue that my favorite president was one of the worst, however.
@_date: 2016-11-16 19:36:55
I'd say it is effectively both when it comes to fiat currencies, however. It's just that gold is maybe a more reputable and traditional inflation hedge that is going to have less volatility. At least, till the point when it matters and the price "corrects" in a very volatile upwards-fashion relative to most fiats as it tends to do once every few generations. We haven't really seen that kind of volatility in gold in the US since the 1970s, prior to that the 1930s and again previous in the late 1880s when it was over $100/ounce (historical price charts never reflect that era accurately for some reason), but there's no reason why it couldn't happen again.
@_date: 2019-10-07 22:37:33
We need an easier to implement and workable multi-sig solution to handle married couples and their lawyers and possible disputes arising from such situations. Another point in favor of moving to [Schnorr signatures](
@_date: 2018-06-18 21:07:13
"Continuing on the current path could divide the community and be a setback to Bitcoin's growth." -- BitGo CEO Mike Belshe, Xapo CEO Wences Casares, Bitmain CEO Jihan Wu, Bloq CEO Jeff Garzik, Blockchain CEO Peter Smith, BitPay CEO Stephen Pair, and ShapeShift CEO Erik Voorhees on Wednesday November 8th, 2017 *after working for six months specifically on dividing the community*.
@_date: 2019-10-08 22:17:07
I mean, it could use 99% of the energy consumption and it'd still likely be the most secure ledger in the world.
If our currency is already based on a representational value of energy, it might as well be at a much slower inflation rate so savers are rewarded instead of spenders.
@_date: 2019-08-19 16:51:59
Oh wow, the supposed name is listed with an answer on Quora defending the [OneCoin]( scam. IMHO, it's important this new operation/scam get shut down hard and fast before it gets out of hand.
@_date: 2018-06-13 04:38:41
How is it in any way possible this doesn't violate [NPOV](
The full first blurb is supposed to define what the subject is and not have anything even hinting at a opinion.
EDIT: Someone replied to this comment and I can't even see what they wrote! WTH is going on?
@_date: 2016-12-05 16:00:10


Don't these same critics of Greg keep mentioning not just his reddit name but also his full name and employer constantly too? I mean, sure Greg has a position he's advocating, but if there are others who are publicly advocating a position shouldn't we know their employer's names too? How is "doxxing" because a not-very-well-hidden psuedonym is used Maxwell's fault?
@_date: 2019-08-06 18:56:53


See, this is the part I don't understand. The US and China are itching to devalue their currencies and Western Globalists are talking about negative interest rates while [some countries like Japan, Denmark, Sweden, and Switzerland are even trying them right now](
I don't think were heading toward a Great Depression, we're heading towards a Great Inflation. And when we do, it's going to expose just how fraudulent fiat money is and has been this whole time.
In Bitcoin terms, what we'll see is [essentially a Hyperbitcoinization]( as countries realize they have to use a sounder currency as a basis. We'll also see them possibly start adopting or implementing fiat-based cryptocurrencies, which may take a long while to catch on.
@_date: 2019-10-16 16:47:24
The exact Jefferson quote is this:
**"And I sincerely believe with you, that banking establishments are more dangerous than standing armies; &amp; that the principle of spending money to be paid by posterity, under the name of funding, is but swindling futurity on a large scale"**
@_date: 2019-10-21 15:28:13


It's been pseudonymous since the beginning, unfortunately several "evangelists" have tried to say it's anonymous during that same time. That's never been the case and they really should understand that by now.
@_date: 2019-08-07 16:28:42
Satoshi is so common that people often make nicknames for it like the Pokemon main character. Sure, it might have fallen out of favor recently, but it's still a **very** common name.
Nakamoto is a relatively common name, especially in Japanese fiction and has been for years. 
@_date: 2016-11-30 14:21:43
Yeah, depending on how far you want to chase the white rabbit there's more info in posts I've made both [regarding black budgets for rogue or off-the-books-agents]( and on the [lost data of the early Silk Road mixer]( which led to the idea that someone could have [filched a thumb drive on a raid and subsequently hidden evidence on the laptop]( and even regarding [how the early tumbler worked]( Not sure how much stock I put into anything VJ would say, but it would be pretty disappointing if VJ ended up being right and the US DoJ did absolutely nothing to help him from this rogue agent or agents.
@_date: 2018-06-02 23:08:10
The Real was both a coin and banknote. The same real/reis term was also used to apply to the banknotes which were first issued in 1797 and reissued subsequently over and over. There's more info [on wikipedia about the real]( He's clearly referring to the fiat versions of these.
Specifically regarding the first Escudo, the values and info on it and its decline are [on wikipedia, too](


@_date: 2018-06-13 04:34:33


I cannot even begin to describe to you how you are in the minority...
@_date: 2016-12-30 15:16:34
They moved into a multisig address. This doesn't mean they necessarily moved into an exchange. It is worth noting that Bitcoin Days Destroyed (BDD) spiked in early 2013 as well, but what people thought was dumping was actually more likely old miners buying new miners given what happened to the price later on in 2013. 
In fact, I suspect most of the BDD increase in February of 2013 was miners buying the second wave of Avalons. Anytime you see a spike in BDD, you should check to see if a next generation miner has just come out.
I agree with the OP, moving != dumping. Any normal move of that amount of coin from a non-multi-sig to a multi-sig would be seen as "securing their coin", so just because it's super old doesn't make it any less likely.
@_date: 2018-06-08 14:55:26
I like it, it's a shared spam list, basically. You can tell the person on the phone that you use Mr. Number and will be adding them to a spam list. Then add them to auto-block thus making that phone number a wasted line for them for any other Mr. Number users. There's probably some other apps out there that do the same thing, but Mr. Number has been pretty good to me so far. 
I'd like to use one that guarantees me they are not reselling my info to anyone, though, including government. That might be the one thing a newer app could do to get me to switch.
EDIT: It does look like Mr. Number's newer app is called Hiya. [Or at least it says so on their FAQ](
EDIT2: Some complaints about these types of apps [here]( Different ones can be too aggressive and such. I don't think they are aggressive enough, IMHO. The link also mentions Drupe and Truecaller (though I guess Truecaller is a bit spammy itself).
@_date: 2019-08-01 21:58:26
[The TT predictions for reference]( I don't see anything other than $100k in 2019 and $1m by 2021.
It's important to note, that while the Time Traveler post and McAfee's prediction are, simply too crazy due to the market cap of Bitcoin being in a range that doesn't sufficiently reflect stable world markets, I think it's possible we could see quite significant volatility into the hundreds of thousands in USD while the governments of the world decide to provide appropriate clarity on why they keep fighting each other using constantly devaluing their currencies.
@_date: 2018-06-18 00:41:38
[I did]( 
My first BTC purchase was in 2011 and I've been mining cryptos since late 2010. I like to think I know what I'm doing since I've been in BTC for so long, but I'm very easily dismissed as a random Reddit poster. I also don't really participate in alt coins and have never touched ICOs. Maybe that makes me an unexciting person, but I'm not in this for fun, I'm in it to make money and promote the technology, which I do mostly anonymously.
I knew the price would be over $10k before the end of the year and even posted such sometime last August, but I didn't think it would surpass $15k. I said people could bookmark the comment, but no one did or if they did, they didn't point it out, I think everyone was more interested in the guy who would say he'd eat his left nut.
I had to point it out myself in a post talking about what the new low would be when the price started falling again. I still think the low is in [sometime this month around $6-$8k]( after which I have also [predicted it would hit ~$80k in value sometime early next year](
The model I use hasn't changed much. The only thing that would change it is if the low is below $6k sometime later this month and the volume is extremely high during the lowest point of the drop. I have very high suspicions we won't see any of that volume unless some large portion of the MtGox coins get sold publicly. I would not be surprised if they are being sold off-market right now, perhaps in a closed non-public auction.
If we do see large volume below $6k, then I'd have to concede that the high might be under $80k. I would still say we're on pace towards getting back to the ATH sometime around the end of the year or start of the next year, though. If anything I would maybe have to pull the upper end of the prediction back down to $50-60k sometime during or just before the second quarter of next year.
You can feel free to call me crazy, but I don't trade on emotion. I haven't done that for years, but traders like myself are so very glad so many of you **do** trade on emotion. It makes you predictable and helps our models make us money. Thanks.
@_date: 2018-06-11 15:21:00


It's important to note that Venezuela's bolivar is fully backed by legal tender laws, which really puts the modern-day arguments against Their's law on their heels, because it seems even despite legal tender laws, no fiat is safe. If the people simply do not want or cannot effectively use a fiat currency, it doesn't matter if the legal system supports it.
@_date: 2019-08-27 17:11:29
Kleinman wasn't really a prevalent cypherpunk that we know of. That's not to say that Satoshi was, but it's hard to conceive that Kleinman who's only real tie to Satoshi that we know for sure was that he was a member of the Metzdowd Cryptography mailing list where Satoshi Nakamoto first announced Bitcoin on Oct. 31, 2008.
And yes, I realize Kleinman's wiki says he created an encryption tool that surpassed specifications by government agencies. That's a bit silly of a claim though, any number of programmers can do that, just use a higher key length. I think the real Satoshi both posted to the P2P Foundation site when Dorian was accused of being Satoshi and I think [the real Satoshi posted on August to the mailing list]( from his vistomail address. While the email used to set up the P2P Foundation site has since been compromised, I still think the real Satoshi **could** have access to the account and I still think the real Satoshi has access to the Vistomail email, too.
I don't doubt Kleinman was a great and talented programmer, but the only real claims we have that Kleinman was Satoshi or had anything to do with Satoshi are coming from a serial liar. I'd put Kleinman maybe in the top 100 based on the members of the Metzdowd mailing list, but all signs kind of point to him being someone from the Department of Defense that believes in thwarting terrorism and all that military "rah rah" stuff rather than someone genuinely interested in financial freedom.
@_date: 2018-06-07 18:30:21
This is my position too. I don't think ICOs are inherently immoral (which seems to be the position of the SEC and those that would defend the SEC's actions here), I am just not willing to engage in their use myself. That said, it's hard to justify defending the existence of something I have absolutely no intention of using.
@_date: 2018-06-14 14:08:41
The other thing to keep in mind is that this is just like the Wally bot stuff on Gox, Mark had a deal with someone he thought was legit and would increase the price using the Wally bot knowing he was going to get the cash eventually.
When people were having trouble getting cash out of Gox in 2013, it was reported in the media as "well this is bad for Bitcoin's price." It actually wasn't, because in order for all those people to actually get their cash back, they would have to sell it for Bitcoin, then withdraw and move it to Coinbase or another exchange.
This same thing happens again now with Bitfinex and Tether. and people think these Tether problems are horrible for Bitcoin again. They aren't.
@_date: 2018-06-18 22:23:10
This is if the dominance rating stays the same, right?
@_date: 2019-10-31 17:24:03
Pine seems to have made a few operational security mistakes that may have led to disclosure of his/her identity at the time. It was accidentally released she/he had contributed code to one of the projects that had received a donation. Looking at it now, it looks like they've cleaned up the history of that repo so people can't go fishing for who Pine really was anymore, though, so that's good.
I think people are just using the eponymous "she" in sense of obscuring history. Or my post is confusing things further intentionally, one of the two. :D
If other large Bitcoin donors want to remain anonymous I think it's probably just best if we honor their wishes.
@_date: 2019-10-07 22:20:36
Yes, this. This is the way to spot it and was the way [a supposed Gigahash double-spend happened in like 2013]( The pool essentially died as a result of this. To be fair, a ton of people were warning about GHash.io being too big and several devs had been ripping on sites for offering 0-conf transactions.
@_date: 2019-08-05 21:27:17
Your account has been around long enough that I'm willing to gamble on buying them if you do have some as well. I'd like to see pictures of what you have available, though, if possible and get to select like maybe five of them?
@_date: 2018-06-27 19:24:43
Can you do me and the others like us a favor and be sure to vote on the front page posts and occasionally hit up and vote on a few of those, too?
I've been trying to get more into the habit of voting down non-stories and memes and upvoting actual content. I think if all of us that think this way spend just 5 minutes doing it per day we might make some better content appear and stay on the front page.
@_date: 2019-06-19 16:35:45


I've been mining off and on since 2010. Trading since 2011. I've both had some good gains and some silly mistakes. This account is different than all my others in the Bitcoin community and I don't care to identify myself, so I'm not going to prove ownership of any coin, but suffice to say I'm a very long term holder and you're just going to have to take my word for it.


It's slightly harder in a bull market, IMHO. In a bull market, there's an "eff you, I got mine" attitude that creeps up and makes you want to sell everything and then hope that the price falls, or you can just step away and know that you've made it out with a profit. I've [talked about the difficulties of buying and/or holding with regards to the market price before]( There are aspects with each gain in percentage value from your base that make it difficult to justify holding.
That said, there's a pesky attribute of Bitcoin that keeps me from selling out entirely, though: its scarcity. The fact that I don't know what the ultimate end value of Bitcoin is has a huge dampening effect on any of my sell orders. I make and take profits during bull markets, sure, but I never sell more than 5% of my holdings at a time, often it's 3% or less, even. It's just not possible for me to sell out entirely without thinking about the scarcity aspect of the coin. There's a real fear of what some holders have called "hyperbitcoinization", or the idea that fiat really does die and the entire world shifts nearly overnight to only cryptos, meaning that any money I would have made in fiat was pointless, because the entire world is now no longer valuing fiat at all.
That said, this fear of hyperbitconization is the only thing tempering the inclination to sell during the huger exponential increases during a bull market.
During a bear market, I just figure, eh, I'll live another ten years at least, I can wait for this thing to rally again. I think this attitude is probably why many investors under the age of 40 see Bitcoin as a legitimate investment and not just a currency. They now know the nature of a scarce commodity is to have wild swings and can afford to wait for it to swing back around. Meanwhile, they don't know what the hell is going on with traditional stocks, bonds, etc. The supposed "guaranteed gains" that our parents had during their era with traditional 401k and other retirement savings gives way to losses from monetary inflation. The fiat world has this really weird attribute whereby, in order to keep people employed, the ones creating the wealth are essentially targeting for inflation. That's throwing a big finger at savers like myself, IMHO. Sure the S&amp;P 500 makes *some* money, but it's only moderately beating inflation in the grander scheme of things. There's nothing in US stocks and bonds to get excited about and it shows.


I have gotten to know scores of people throughout the community over the last few years, and every so often, one of them that I've been conversing with for years will send me a message and says that they've finally done it, they've sold everything and they are done. This is **never** right at the peak, it's always just as the price is turning back around or well after it peaked and heading into a prolonged bear market. Sometimes they regret selling, sometimes I see them back in again later, either lower or even higher than their last exit point. It's a mixed bag.
I'm fully convinced that a long term trader, the kind of holder that is going to be successful, is never going to hit the peaks or valleys when selling or buying exactly. I've tried making models myself [and even had some successes at predicting the price direction, like in Late Summer/Fall 2017 when I wrote this]( but then [I've been wrong, too]( It's just not possible to perfectly price or time the market and even with my models I can get close but it's never perfect.


In late 2013, my one regret maybe is that I didn't sell more once the downturn started so I would have had cash to buy back in in 2015 for much more volume. If I had done so, I could be done with my day job. I'd been through the pump and dump in spring/summer 2011, and I'd even successfully timed a good buy back in in late 2011. Keep in mind what I said before, I only seem to ever sell and buy back with smaller amounts like 5% or so here and there, which is a problem sometimes. There's the major issue of needing to pay taxes on your gains, so when you sell, you are essentially dwindling some of what would be your cash reserves for a buy back in. That means you have to be absolutely certain you are at or near the top and it's very very hard to time it that way.


Yes. I have to believe so. There's probably people like me out there, they are just quieter about their investing strategies, gains, losses, etc. We're all at different parts of our journey into cryptos. It's very possible the best crypto investor ever hasn't even made their first foray into crypto yet. That's something to seriously think about given this new nascent asset class.
@_date: 2019-02-28 23:14:41
Yes. This. Just pay them and do what the rest of us do and join the complaints about too high of taxes. Threaten to live in a lower tax jurisdiction. Actually move to one, even.
@_date: 2019-10-16 17:04:21
It's interesting to see the history of these events unfold. A better title might be the Slaying of the BearWhale and their subsequent return.
@_date: 2018-06-11 16:04:09
This is because it's in the late stages of falling apart due to these exact issues.
Even before enforcement issues of all the other laws became a problem, Venezuela had inflation. That inflation made the people not trust the currency. The bolivar is still accepted as legal tender for all government services. I'm not sure what is so difficult for you to understand, exactly what I originally wrote about Thier's law being justified is happening before our eyes and you're seemingly focusing on the "well if only they'd beat the people hard enough into accepting it as legal tender" argument.
There's such a thing as not being able to enforce a dumb law, and that's when your currency is inflating at over 50% and growing which Venezuela hit **all the way back in 2013**! It had previously hit %31 in 2008, the year right before Bitcoin started. It has been the perfect example of Thier's law in action. It was a bad currency and turned into even a worse one when good alternatives came about.
@_date: 2016-12-21 22:55:07
[This is always my favorite video]( to send to folks when I talk about it with people who believe it has no value.
@_date: 2019-08-12 14:46:15
No. He's still around and even commented on it: 
He did fine for himself, he still had BTC at one point and cashed it out for student loans.
@_date: 2019-02-12 22:04:06


This does not hold up in court. There's a history of court cases showing that these signs are meaningless.
@_date: 2019-02-13 23:05:34


This was your original contention. I then asked if you had any proof and gave evidence to the contrary.


It was something, which is more than you claim they are doing. 
Considering you've offered absolutely no evidence that Assange received and didn't release Russian "data dumps", and I've offered at least some evidence that they have, even if much of it was publicly accessible data, I think I've made my point.
@_date: 2019-06-11 16:21:36


Eh, this isn't true. If you go back and look at MtGox or historical prices, the high was ~$31 in June of 2011 before a low of ~$2 in November 2011. This is when we were seeing a lot of "Bitcoin is dead" type articles, notably [this Wired one]( The price did start rising again in 2012, but there wasn't a "bubble" per se around $10. There was an early peak to $7 that fell back to $3-4 in early 2012, then a rise in August of 2012 around the time of the [pirate Ponzi collapse]( that went to $13 and fell back briefly to $8-9 before the first halvening at the end of the year. The combo of the halvening and the new ASICs coming out meant that 2012 was a mostly up year, with the price bubbling even more from the double-digits to triple digits by April 2013, then falling back under $100 before jumping to over $1k by the end of 2013 (November-December).
While you could certainly say the end of 2013 was a bubble, I think you'd be hard pressed to call $10 or even that $13 in August 2012 a bubble. While there was a notable pullback, I think it was due to the collapse of the pirate Ponzi, the closing of Bitfloor, and the selling of some coin/shares for the fabrication of ASICs. 
I should take a second to cover this, too. There were a number of things going on, with three rumored ASICs in production, one by [ngzhang/xiangfu/Avalon]( team, one by friedcat/ASICMiner (that would [later crumble]( and then a US-based one in Kansas City called ButteflyLabs that was notoriously late and shady in its operation. I don't even want to name its advocates because they deserve no recognition. 
A number of people had sunk money into the various FPGA solutions that were out there and many were buying FPGAs with the hope they could convert them into ASICs as these companies were often promising "upgrade paths" for the FPGA miners. Some people were spending significant coin in mid-2012, too, which did maybe have a bit of a pullback effect. But I suspect many of them were refreshing their stock of Bitcoin as fast as the FPGA/ASIC mining companies were selling their coin for production reasons.
Anyway, I just wanted to clarify that $10 in 2012 was never a significant milestone or bubble. At that point we had been higher than $10. While getting back to $10 was somewhat significant, due to the events of 2013, I don't think you can call the gains in 2012 a bubble. They were more like the gains that were made in 2015, lots of new tech, but the price action was following the development of FPGAs and eventually ASICs, so while there were price increases, they were offset by increases in difficulty. Since December 2018, you could argue the recent gains we have seen since then, while seemingly significant in price, are actually in line with the difficulty increases, meaning that we are still not frothing, let alone bubbling.
@_date: 2015-08-25 16:39:21
Sorry you've had this happen. Just wanted to ask a few other questions to get an idea about the environment. Do you use TOR/OrBot on the phone as well?
@_date: 2017-11-28 21:25:11
Art schools exist. There can be a benefit to it, but she shouldn't expect that a degree is a license for everything to be taken care of for the rest of her life. A lot of us went into college thinking that going into debt for a degree was a guarantee of utopia. It was anything but.
@_date: 2019-02-07 17:28:42


Fiat is guaranteed to lose value over any extended period of time because it is not scarce. Bitcoin, gold, and silver do indeed have volatility, but they will not constantly lose value.
@_date: 2019-02-25 20:40:01
fiat currency
@_date: 2017-11-01 18:37:29
Because as others are clearly stating, Bitcoin.com says Bitcoin Cash is "Bitcoin", it's historically, ethically, and factually incorrect to list a site that doesn't recognize Bitcoin as the face of Bitcoin. I would agree with others that Bitcoin.org isn't an official site, either, but if they must have a site link, it definitely shouldn't be the .com one.
@_date: 2019-02-28 22:56:52


This was a widely publicized [dog and pony show]( whereby Coinbase and the regulators already knew what the outcome would be. They were working hand-in-hand with regulators both before and after this challenge. 
Coinbase got to get them to limit their request so it wasn't arduous to comply with the regulations and in turn, the IRS got to prove they were in charge and were able to go after large holders. Coinbase's added benefit was "Well, we tried to fight them and lost, guys. What were we supposed to do?"
They didn't fight them, though, they simply acquiesced as seemingly-planned.


This sounds like a ["false dichotomy" or "false dilemma"]( 
There may be evidence in Coinbase's regulatory dealings both before and after this event that they knew this IRS request was coming. The Senate Hearing had taken place just in November of the previous year. Even if they didn't, throughout the proceedings, I doubt Coinbase relied much on 4th amendment constitutional protections of their end users. If they cared about them, they would have fought for them. They didn't care about them which is why we got the outcome we did.
I'm not going to comment on them selling user data, but it would not surprise me. They are supposedly making enough to run their enterprise on fees. Given the volumes we see for their exchange, I doubt that is sufficient. They don't have to tell us if they are or aren't selling user data. It's probably a moot point anyway, if the user data is now going to the IRS, the IRS works with contractors who could resell the user's data anyway.
@_date: 2017-08-24 22:22:17
Lots of us were taught on computers in the late 80s/early 90s to use two spaces after a period. On typewriters it was necessary. On computers these days, not so much.
My personal opinion is that Satoshi did it on purpose to throw people off. So much of what he did online was done in peculiar ways, almost as if he knew someday people would analyze it in fine detail.
Oddly enough, he even talked about a way to [purposely double-spend]( that would kind of go on to become Replace-By-Fee, I think. He definitely had a good idea of what direction the coin would eventually go.
@_date: 2017-08-22 14:35:37
I suspect that some of us have been holding on to our Bcash to wait for this inevitable 2x fork and the hysteria surrounding it to increase market volatility so we can benefit from it. I doubt I'm the only one who has done so, at least. My hope is to wait for it to hit parity or near-parity with BTC so I can basically get an effective doubling of my BTC by the time 2x comes around. It's kind of a game theory situation, however, as the longer I wait, the less BTC I would have in time for the 2x fork.
@_date: 2019-02-14 16:43:16


I'm not the one who made the argument that they have received damaging dumps and chosen not to release them. **You** are. There is absolutely no evidence of this. It's the argument that the MIC is using to propagandize the American public into thinking Wikileaks is colluding with Russia which it isn't.
How are they supposed to issue a leak they don't have?
@_date: 2015-08-03 16:55:29
Why would price matter? They could have done this in Fall 2011 when the price was under $10, too, but didn't because it just wasn't well-known as a payment mechanism. It's been more well-known recently, and there exist providers to immediately turn it into fiat if they don't want any exposure-risk.
Not saying they should necessarily accept it today, but if they did, I'd use it to buy expansions in Hearthstone. Probably not a lot of income, but there'd be some. It's probably worth exploring at least. Maybe they have already looked into it and determined it's just not worth it, too, I don't know. I just doubt the price will be the determining factor. :/
@_date: 2015-08-11 16:53:54
Buyers don't assume this risk, AFAIK. It's the sellers that have to worry about it, because they can be called a MSB (money servicing business). Has there ever been someone who got arrested for *purchasing* coin via a local trading mechanism? I know there have been a few for selling it.
@_date: 2019-06-10 22:30:51
We really should get working on decentralized search. I know there are a few alternatives out there that already try to do it, but few of them are both disruptive and disciplined enough to become the next Google. If we ever did find one, perhaps one that partnered with Brave, it could potentially be a game changer.
@_date: 2019-02-18 23:40:47


And stop upvoting them. They are using marketing bots or people to abuse the Reddit voting system. I regularly see articles about ETF hype get posted and within just a few minutes they have double-digit upvotes on /new. It's a PITA trying to stop their constant fabricated and over-hyped news from hitting the Bitcoin front page.
@_date: 2015-08-06 04:00:10
No. I guess I'm challenging the fact that what he claims is true. A few of us mined in 2010, sure, but very few of us, if any, have had overlap with what SDL and organofcorti have identified as "Satoshi's coins". It's a pretty clear distinction, and he definitely owns over 1M of them. Developers and other early adopters shouldn't just wave their hand and say it isn't true.
@_date: 2015-08-03 17:27:25
I remember on the forums in June 2011 there was someone using a dual-graphics computer that was not pointing it to a pool for ~30 days that reported having mined a solo block (50BTC) on the BitcoinTalk.org forums. I wouldn't know how to try to find that post, though, and I imagine there was a solo miner that has probably found one since that we just don't know about. 
I think that was the last time I remembered hearing about a solo "device" finding one. I found two blocks (you could tell on P2Pool if your farm was the one that specifically found the block) using P2Pool with my four-card mining rig in late 2011. Then another one later on with some FPGAs and that rig all running, but at that point I was becoming a serious miner and started my LLC.
I also never solo-mined, always used a pool, even during the times that my hashrate was enough to find a block every couple of days. People just didn't solo-mine that much after Spring of 2011, or if they were, they also ran a pool for others because it was simple to do and helped make a farm more reliably-profitable. No miner actually likes variance.
@_date: 2019-02-27 16:39:05
Ugh. As a long time holder, it's posts like these that really make me cringe or double-face-palm.
Regardless of whether or not the bottom is in, emotional trading like this will burn you. Use dollar cost averaging, or come up with an algorithm or policy that works and stick with it.
@_date: 2019-02-07 16:35:12
The SEC is desperately trying to remain relevant here. The public has vehicles to invest in Bitcoin that doesn't require SEC-approval. While the price is still low I'd encourage the public to get in using exchanges and holding their keys in offline warrants rather than waiting for the SEC to approve an ETF that is going to be artificially inflated and pumped.
There was nothing wrong with the Winklevoss ETF except that it didn't get permission from the "good old boys club" of backroom deals that are required for SEC approval. The whole lot of them are nothing better than racketeers.
@_date: 2015-08-05 21:23:40


I may have been around only since 2010, but I seriously doubt the veracity of that statement. 
[When SDL did his analysis]( it was pretty clear that Satoshi was the only one doing a certain type of nonce. If other people were also doing that, they could only have been collaborators and thus also "Satoshi" since we're still not sure he was one person.
Later on, [when organofcorti did his analysis]( he still estimated the number of blocks found by one individual to be ~22464 (see comments of above link). That would be ~1,123,200 Bitcoin today. The OP was wrong about the Genesis block, but not about the ownership of 1M BTC part.
@_date: 2015-08-17 00:05:15
I'm really surprised garzick's proposal isn't talked about more. I'm not a fan of XT, but I'm okay with increasing block size. It boggles my mind why Gavin doesn't care about consensus anymore. Not caring about consensus is not caring about Bitcoin as far as I'm concerned. Hearn I can understand, he's never been friendly to Bitcoin as a peer-to-peer solution and even wants to risk Bitcoin's fungibility. Gavin at least hasn't proposed working hand-in-hand with governments.
@_date: 2015-08-31 14:31:56
Thanks, I'll update the post.
@_date: 2015-08-31 14:32:34
This is incorrect as has posted here:
@_date: 2019-02-06 17:07:02
For a while a few of us poked fun at them in @_date: 2017-11-25 16:05:51
The currency itself is just not understood enough by these dictatorial regimes, nor would it be enforceable to directly ban, but they have been cracking down on miners. Just last year, two men were charged by the Venezuelan government for "energy stealing", money laundering, and terrorism for essentially doing nothing more than mining cryptocurrencies. It doesn't matter which one, they're all considered a threat. Just because police there do not have the resources to determine if someone is using cryptocurrencies does not mean they won't call them money launderers at the revelation of any crypto ownership.
Same goes with Zimbabwe. Though we don't have anything official, if a government employee was found with it, it would be confiscated and they'd lose their job, if not their life. For all we know, this has been happening and just not reported, too, there'd be no benefit to telling family members their relative was secretly rich, it's easier to confiscate and demonize them as an enemy of the state or call it an accident if "enemy of the state" isn't believable.
But perhaps it's just a very unique attribute about dictatorships: they don't respect rule of law enough to even write down the laws.
So while it might not technically be "illegal", it's absolutely "banned".
@_date: 2015-08-15 03:00:00
Good of you to clarify this, I'll edit the comment. I'm sorry if it sounded like I was making that insinuation without warrant, it just seemed to me (looking back on the comments) that the mood of the room was "where is Gox going?" at the time. I wasn't aware that you weren't privy to the prior conversations.
Did someone link you to this comment or did you find it via a search for your name or something? Thank you for running BTCguild, btw. I used it for some time and highly recommended it to my friends back in the day when I was regularly GPU mining.
@_date: 2015-08-04 16:23:13
I told my Credit Union about my Bitcoin-related work in 2012 and haven't had a single issue trading/buying/selling/arbitraging. I even used proceeds from a Coinbase sale to purchase a home. When the gal who drew up the loan had questions about the transaction, I gave them all the information and educated them on what Bitcoin was. There were no delays other than questions, basically.
@_date: 2015-08-31 17:02:30
This article is kind of poorly-written and doesn't really get into the nuts and bolts of why there is an issue.
There gist of the problem is there is a method [called Shor's algorithm]( that makes computing keys in polynomial time possible (as opposed to exponential time today). This requires that theoretical qubits can exist in superpositional states (holding many values at once). To my knowledge, such an advancement does not yet exist in a practical form, though researchers as recently as four years ago were [factoring low numbers using qubits and Shor's algorithm]( so it does seem to be only a matter of time before we have quantum computers that can do much more. That might be months, years, or decades, however.
Also, [this article explains how more can be done with Shor's algorithm and just a few qubits](
@_date: 2017-11-15 21:57:37
Judging from the post history, that account appears to be a professional shill for BCH. As OP says, nullc is the real Greg.
@_date: 2017-11-28 19:00:10
Yes, but let's not forget the PETS.COM of that era, either.
Bitcoin is like an AMZN. It'll have a pullback in value at some point, but it's not going to go away for a very long time, IMHO.
@_date: 2017-11-28 19:51:34
While this is only tangentially-related, as an example of just how horrible the public is at seeing the value of new technologies, I invite you all to read up on [red flag laws in Britain](
These laws are what I think of when I see governments trying to regulate/control cryptocurrencies. They are seeking short-term safety at the cost of long-term innovation. Indeed, almost all of the automobile's innovation happened overseas.
@_date: 2017-11-28 18:56:50
If we got to know the real identities of the mods of those subs, I would imagine we would know why.
@_date: 2017-11-09 16:23:14


All I get from this is "wahhhhh, why do the libertarians get to be rich?" If you don't like that, don't participate.
@_date: 2019-02-07 16:39:12
Bitcoin is [good money that satisfies a double coincide of wants](
@_date: 2017-11-28 23:52:24
I can't really say I was clairvoyant, I just thought it was more of a nuisance than an legit attack. None of the parties involved except maybe Ver and the "pretender Satoshi" would have benefited from there being turmoil. It looks like even Jihan and Voorhees realized the error of their ways.
The fact is and always was that Bitcoin could never scale that way, so doing so contentiously is just a bad solution all around.
@_date: 2019-02-13 21:47:58
This is almost meme-worthy..
Some ideas:
 * Bitcoin: Why do you still don’t have any?
 * Why you still no cryptocurrency?
Hell, Dogecoin could probably run the marketing on this one.
@_date: 2019-02-19 15:52:55
Coinbase and other commodities exchanges often go through periods where hundreds of thousands of people start making accounts and start buying. It's more profitable to them to limit you and your purchases so that they can accumulate themselves knowing your interest in the underlying commodity. Additionally, the biggest exchanges could increase these restrictions during bubbles to artificially force buyer interest to "dry up" in a commodity if their holdings ever get too low. They can also increase margin trading restrictions during these times for even more of an effect and are often in touch with regulators that assist in these matters. This actually happens in the silver markets and what's really shady is that everyone knows it's happening, too. Arbitrary [link to the Hunt brothers history in the silver trade](
Suppose you load up Coinbase and go to purchase and put in that you want $2k. They limit you to a $5 purchase but know you want to purchase $2k worth so they just go ahead and buy some if it knowing you are eventually going to pay for it. 
Imagine being Coinbase and being able to do this for thousands of your own customers. You could basically prepurchase what your customers are going to want without having to actually give it to them and getting a free markup when the actual trade goes through. The only costs that you are worried about as an exchange is having to actually deliver the coin. If a significant enough amount of your customers actually do withdrawals of their coin you need to pay the fees to the miners to send the coin out. Fortunately, you can pass on these fees to your customers.
@_date: 2017-11-28 19:06:53
"Top finance" experts are what got us the 2008 crisis. There's a lot of distrust of these same people in this sub, primarily because Bitcoin is a scarce resource that they can't safely make derivatives of and then manipulate in value as easily.
If an actual economist was saying it was a bubble at $2k, that's fine, but we have people both from the IMF and other reserve boards saying, "top finance" experts should be looking into cryptocurrencies. So it appears it's not the economists that are actually calling it a bubble, but instead these same "top finance" experts that consistently got things wrong.
That said, I've been involved in Bitcoin since 2011 and even I would admit that recently it has went exponential in price growth and is foaming if not outright bubbling. I would not be surprised to see some major pullback. But there's a famous saying that "the market can remain irrational longer than you can remain solvent". Usually it's used to stress the importance of getting out of a bad investment that you believe should go good, but the reverse may be true as well. We could see the price get *really* ridiculous before it gets rational again. It's hard to say. Again, I do think it's foaming or bubbling now, and we'd be fools not to acknowledge that.
@_date: 2017-11-28 20:44:26
It did happen, but it wasn't as bad as people think.
I wrote a bit about the [tulip mania and why it wasn't a mania]( a month ago.
@_date: 2017-11-28 20:26:43
$1k was a pretty big deal in 2013. Lots of memes. 
Many of us were just sitting here watching it go from like $300-400 to $900 within a span of several hours while Senate hearings were on. It was a pretty surreal experience, because it seemed to have taken months to go from sub $100 back to $200ish that was hit during the Cyprus bank bail-in, but the jump from $400-$900 seemed to take mere hours.
@_date: 2019-06-26 14:33:09
Even in 2012 there was a bit of a dip. I remember being frantic about ordering my Icarus FPGAs before the Chinese New Year because ngzhang didn't know how big of an order he should make to match Batch  (or  or whatever it was).
@_date: 2019-06-18 16:56:50
[This is just a small comparison without using percentages](
[This is the same comparison using percentages]( (The flat orange line is the DJIA)
Essentially the same set of data, just two completely different perspectives.
@_date: 2019-02-13 19:30:02
There was an actual indictment I think. The problem was that he was consulting with others at the time about what to do and was encouraged into paying for the contract hit by the same DEA agent running the contract account in at least one of the cases. I [wrote more about this here]( if you are interested.
@_date: 2019-06-27 18:40:27
Why are you measuring your gains in fiat?
@_date: 2019-02-13 19:51:26


Have they? Is there any proof of that? There is proof [of the opposite]( in fact. If Wikileaks had something good about Putin they wouldn't hesitate to release it. Assange's fundamental philosophy has always been pro-freedom. 
Whenever I ask the most vehement critics of Assange who they actually are, they seem to either be in the Military Industrial Complex (MIC) themselves or beneficiaries of the MIC. One young demonstrator I accused as having an ulterior motive in person even had the gall to say he wasn't being influenced, turns out his dad was some mid level executive at Northrop Grumman and the kid was living off his father's trust fund.
These people are on Reddit day-in and day-out propagandizing for constant foriegn-intervention, too. Of course they hate Assange. Why should middle-class America be financially responsible for these people?
@_date: 2015-08-09 16:10:46
I think you are being downvoted because it is obvious he was being sarcastic given his first sentence.
@_date: 2017-11-13 02:10:28
Not only that, but he's still a US citizen. His name has not yet been published in the [Quarterly List of US Citizens who have renounced their citizenship]( (even the former Facebook guy showed up in this list so there's no reason why Ver hasn't yet unless he's still a US citizen). I keep bringing this up and no one ever acknowledges it. He made some sort of deal in order to be allowed stateside or didn't actually give up his citizenship.
@_date: 2019-12-13 23:21:30


Sidechains built off of the Bitcoin blockchain can have unshared rules. Bitcoin is therefore not "centralized" even within the context you are using to try to define it as such.
@_date: 2019-02-01 20:50:31
The short answer is that Bitcoin is **good money**. But there is a much longer answer...
There is a theory that used to be taught in schools about money, specifically currency, that has been attributed to a guy named Carl Menger. In the late 1800s, Menger rejected the established view at the time, that something was worth what it took to create it. Instead, he argued, money was what someone was willing to trade for it. We know of this today as the [Subjective Theory of Value](
Carl Menger would explain how early money arose by explaining the concept of the [double coincidence of wants]( 
Essentially, the crux of the double coincidence of wants can be explained in the following example: One person wants to sell corn and buy chickens at the market. Another person wants to sell chickens and buy corn. They both meet at the market and do an exchange. They have both satisfied each other's coincidence.
If these same two individuals want to do the same trade, but at different times, they cannot. This unfortunately happens more often than not in any particular market, of any size, at any time, whether it's a global 21st century Internet trade or a 1,000 B.C. "chicken and corn" trade at the local bazaar. There is always going to be someone selling what you want at a *different time* than when you need to trade. The short explanation is that this time-displacement for satisfying the double coincidence of wants is why we have money instead of a direct bartering system.
So what makes for **good money** is something that is durable enough to last during the time between trades. It also needs to be a *standard* widely recognizable for what it is. It also needs to be a *medium* for trade, typically through its fungiblity, such that one type of it isn't higher or lower in value than another given the standard. It has to be *measurable*, aka divisible, so that it can be carried and traded for differing amounts of the base good or commodity it is to represent. And lastly, the item must be a good *store of value*, usually scarce, so that it doesn't lose or gain too much value within the marketplace at any given point in time. These make up the qualifiers for **good money**.
In the past, a number of different things have qualified as **good money** throughout history, [cowry shells]( [Yap stones]( and base metals (like gold, silver, copper) are three widely referenced forms of "money" that had differing degrees of success throughout both ancient and modern history. All of these types of money had durability, were standards, were measurable or divisible, and had relative scarcity through much of their use. It is important to note that cowry shells actually did have a level of disparity in their scarcity at one point. These shells were imported from one side of Africa to the slave coasts which resulted in a massive amount of inflation and may have ultimately led to the demise of the shell as a supported currency in these regions.
So bringing this to Bitcoin, the question remains: Why did Bitcoin -- essentially an electronic signature in a ledger -- start to gain value?
Well, let's look at the characteristics of it. It's a standard and fungible, one Bitcoin is the same value as another Bitcoin. It's also divisible down to 0.00000001 BTC right now. It's durable and easy to carry, you just need a mobile phone to store your seed and a piece of paper stored anywhere as a backup. And lastly it's definitely scarce, there will only ever be 21 million of them.
Also consider the double coincidence of wants when it comes to online transactions. In a way, this doesn't apply since we have credit cards now, right? Suppose someone wants to make a trade for corn over the Internet. They know the other person is a reputable seller, as they've been sending goods over and over online and have established a reputation for doing so using credit. It's almost as if the seller has more at stake, or more to lose, when they do business with you than you do doing business with them. In the modern finance world, and especially with credit cards, this is very highly evident. Credit card companies frequently screw online retailers because of "fraud". They try to offer incentives and guarantees, but credit cards often have "chargebacks" and high fees. On the buy side, buyers would prefer to not have their lives recorded with every credit card purchase they make, and would like to trade with sellers with the least number of fees involved as possible to keep the cost of goods low.
So sellers would much prefer cash, and people may want to buy goods with cash online, but the seller cannot trust cash over the Internet the same way they can trust cash in person. Instead, they need to have something that, when they receive it, they know it is theirs and cannot be taken from them. This is where Bitcoin comes in and solves yet another double coincidence of wants. Sellers want something that is as good as cash to them when transacting online, and buyers want something that is as good as cash to them when transacting online. Bitcoin solves this double coincidence.
Bitcoin has gained value over time mostly because in order to participate, you simply must give someone who is presently holding coin some form of fiat value for that coin. Bitcoin satisfies all the conditions of **good money** while fiat does not, which is why it has this seemingly increasing value.
(There's more to what Menger wrote about that applies here, including the "time value of money", but I think this is enough of an introduction for now. If you are interested in more, please consider Menger's [Origin of Money](
@_date: 2015-08-02 13:53:42
This is absolutely correct. I used 100+ gb upload in one month's time for a node with 65+ connected peers. It bothers me that people keep promoting this myth that running a well-connected node somehow doesn't require massive amounts of bandwidth.
@_date: 2015-08-17 03:05:42
To be fair, many of us were talking about how Bitcoin was nothing more than a glorified settlement network in 2011. 
This disagreement over the scope of the project goes back further than most people think. Not all of us thought it should be used to compete directly with networks like VISA. That doesn't mean that it couldn't indirectly do so, but keeping it sufficiently decentralized while allowing for centralization of extraneous transfers *may* be the way to go. 
I am 100% opposed to XT but still in favor of increasing the blocksize. I just think it should be built via consensus and there ARE proposals out there to do it. XT is not increasing blocksize via consensus.
EDIT: Consensus on the blockchain is done by miners, consensus for block size should be made by miners as well.
@_date: 2019-02-20 17:28:43
I can. You'd be fooling yourself if you think everyone here is "HODL all coin forever" types. Even the HODLers have sold minute amounts of coin at a profit from time to time.
@_date: 2019-12-10 23:37:25


There's no such thing. It's consensus or it's not. Explain how the BCH fork came to exist if there is "centralization". Explain why Counterparty exists. Why do alts exist? There is no such thing as centralization of cryptocurencies. There is either consensus or there is no consensus and a fork happens. 
Sidechains are possible, colored coins are technically possible with EPOBC right now. Coinprism even ran an implementation for a while and users chose not to use it. There are certainly ways people could shard the resource value of Bitcoins to offer different governance options and models. Hell, you could probably even do federated coins in such a manner if you didn't want to sidechain.
I'm sorry that you do not understand these things, if you want to look into them more I've given you plenty of terms and acronyms to Google to expand upon. Even in Bitcoin's "governance" (if you really want to call it that) right now there really is no centralization, only consensus. All Bitcoin did was solve the Byzantine General's problem and that's a consensus issue in distributed computing systems. It's not "governance". You either have consensus or you do not.
@_date: 2019-02-26 17:18:05


Many of which are run by his children and in-laws that throw donation parties with their money and use vehicles, hotel rooms, and other goods bought by the charity.
Look up charitable trust funds. There's an entire section of law about these things. Every billionaire uses them for their families and/or close friends, even Warren Buffet and the liberals.
That's not to say that Buffet isn't charitable. He most certainly is, but these billionaires that say taxes should be higher "on the wealthy" are saying that because they want to punish their competition, the millionaire CEOs that run the companies they want to buy a controlling interest in.
Every time people talk about punishing the wealthy they ignore the fact that there are millionaires eating at the wealth of the billionaires. If you do something that you think punishes the 1%, you're actually probably helping the .1%.
@_date: 2015-07-27 16:40:46
Last month I had about 13Gb down and 104Gb up on my Bitcoin node. Averaged around 50-64 connections. The "down" I'm not sure of, because that is going to include some copying I did from another computer, but at least 90% of the upload traffic on my node was solely blockchain-related.
@_date: 2017-11-10 04:24:39
It isn't really all that confusing. A miner's bottom line is profit and clarity among their clientele helps them reach that. If people are trying to say Bitcoin Cash *is* Bitcoin, it muddies the waters between the two. "Both have a purpose in the ecosystem" is essentially what he is saying, and despite philosophical and technical differences we might have with Ver/Wu and crew, not confusing things for newcomers is of value to both cryptocurrencies.
There of course was a time when the two were in conflict with each other not that many months ago, and users of each certainly don't see eye-to-eye on issues of blocksize, but both coins solve a problem their customers want. Bitcoin Cash at least had the courtesy of implementing replay protection when they forked. While they might not have conceded on the point of being "Satoshi's vision", they have conceded on the point of being "not Core". That's an important distinction from the almost-altcoin Segwit2X and any other potential forks to come should take heed of it.
@_date: 2017-11-02 13:55:57
Taxes for buying/selling same year are gonna be brutal, too.
@_date: 2019-12-17 19:08:55
Can you compare and contract a human body and its cells and an ant colony and its ants and explain why one is more centralized than the other?
@_date: 2015-08-20 17:56:39
And more importantly, that ignorance will be the driving force of innovation in BitcoinXT. If a developer dares question a design decision for the sake of fungibility (Hearn's "Coin Validation" anyone?) they can just be replaced with someone more manageable.
To be honest, if comments like the OP's are any indication of who will be the makeup of XT users, I'm glad they are forking. The consequences will be a chilling reminder to future would-be forkers of what happens when you proceed without consensus. Maybe we, as a community, need that reminder.
@_date: 2019-12-11 16:48:38
[Roger Ver is controlled opposition]( He's been compromised and is being used by the US to bilk US cryptocurrency advocates of their coins, IMHO.
@_date: 2015-07-05 18:48:55
In essence, yes. 
There is a certain finality that comes from this news. Greece isn't ever going to be able to pay back its debt, but EU financiers have to keep the myth going that debt still matters. It doesn't. Look at the news, [they don't even know what to do]( 
Clearly financial lenders can't make a country tighten its belt anymore. No one is going to go over war to try to recover this debt, so money printing just got its ultimate confirmation as the perpetual solution to all of the world's problems. Old money and old money lenders are going to find this solution repulsive and hedge into Gold/Bitcoin accordingly, because lending fiat just became pointless. Why lend fiat at all when you can buy scare resources with that fiat now and sell them at viable rates no matter how much it's inflated?
@_date: 2015-08-23 19:08:29
I don't think it'd be lifted in a "bank bailout" type of situation. Instead, it'd be in an income disparity claim from the populist narrative, though economists might also be talking some mumbo-jumbo about the "money velocity" of Bitcoin dictating that there is a need for the 21m cap be increased. The future is pretty bleak, honestly. They'll eventually win and we'll have to find some other scarce resource to put value into. Hopefully by that point at least some of us will be off this rock at least.
@_date: 2015-08-30 13:48:03
I just submitted a link to an article organofcorti did recently on Neighborhood Pool Watch. With certain topics being censored, I don't know if it'll make it here so I figure I'll [link to it directly]( Long story short, 75% might not be sufficient for proper adoption of BIP101.
@_date: 2015-07-06 01:29:21
I had no problems selling a similar amount at ~$800 on a US-based exchange. Since it passed $1k about 3 days after that, I'd have to wonder what happened. I also spent another 3 Bitcoin on gift cards in December 2013 at or near the peak and didn't have any problems selling then either. Maybe that was a testament to how well Bitpay was servicing their customers, though. 
@_date: 2019-12-11 16:13:05
Okay, I'm really trying to see this from your perspective, but it really seems like you are just making things up. 
Let's start over and assume you are right.
If Bitcoin is an example of a centralized blockchain, then what is an example of decentralized blockchain? I'm new to this line of thought, so please educate me on it. Thanks!
@_date: 2019-12-10 20:14:05
Consensus != Centralized. It would be better to use terms like Hard consensus and Loose consensus to describe what you are talking about. Your argument that Bitcoin as a system is "centralized" ignores scores of forks that would clearly claim contrary to that. Additionally, if sidechains occur, which have been talked about frequently, it would blow the whole idea of Bitcoin being a centralized system out of the water. And some looser implementations of sidechains are even technically-possible or have been implemented today, like [Counterparty]( Mastercoin, and the initial funding for Ethereum.
No, I'm afraid you're just flat out wrong, here. You seem to be purposely not using the term "consensus" and instead insist on using "centralized". I don't know if it's due to ignorance or malice, but you are using it incorrectly.
@_date: 2019-12-26 21:22:02
For some people, their first exposure to crypto is going to be some scam coin that targets them specifically. While I don't like it, I like to think that for every 1 person that actually gets duped by stupid MLM, affiliate, other nonsense there are 100 others that see that obvious junk and ignore it and instead go on to learn a lot more. Also, some of the best resources for Bitcoin *ARE* on Youtube. The [3 Blue 1 Brown video]( is my main go to for real life friends and family that are interested.
I think that instead of removing content, Youtube should probably rely on the community to flag certain parts of a video as affiliate nonsense or "potential scam" related, instead. They could pop up a warning during those sections much like they handle Closed Captioning if they needed to. Yes, I realize this still likely affects a Youtuber financially, but at least it doesn't cause the content to completely go down and we all get to see and judge the specific bad content accordingly.
At least one of these people basically had his stuff removed without any sort of explanation or warning. You'd think before going on a campaign like this there would be notices if it takes down a certain amount or percentage of a creator's content. Even if they do make low-quality content, they probably don't deserve having absolutely no notice.
@_date: 2019-12-17 19:00:08
Do you agree that an ant colony is a decentralized system as Wikipedia states?
@_date: 2019-12-20 19:40:42
He thought gambling virtual tokens might be the first "killer app" for it and was playing around with the idea with some forms that had gambling-related content on them. As he found that more libertarian-oriented people were interested in it for the built-in scarcity it became evident that gambling might not be as popular a driver of adoption and it was quickly dropped. There was a good "killer app" for Bitcoin in 2011 called Satoshi Dice that was gambling that people did find popular early on, though, it just wasn't made by Satoshi.
@_date: 2019-06-19 18:22:06
I should also clarify when I say "pesky attribute of Bitcoin" with regards to its scarcity, I'm saying that tongue-in-cheek. I like the scarcity. It's ultimately what gives Bitcoin its basis as a good store of value. Prior to 2009, nothing of the sort existed and cryptocurrencies wouldn't be here today without the first one having some scarcity and stalwart holders like myself and others being interested enough to hold significant amounts of it.
@_date: 2015-07-28 13:58:59
The reason why people are posting there is because they believe exposure = fame. If it could be changed to exposure = shame, then the signal-to-noise ratio would get much better.
(That goes for here, too).
@_date: 2019-02-26 17:06:51
I bought one for somewhere around $20 in ~2010.
They've actually stopped printing these so they are now getting scarce and the price is reflecting that scarcity now. Sort of ironic that this would be the case, actually. Oddly enough, if you were lucky to get one at trade value in 2009, [it would turn out to be one of the best investments you ever made](
 mostly due to the collector value.
@_date: 2015-07-23 15:49:02
You are correct. I am being quite harsh on Gavin. The fact he is backing XT is the part that worries me. He's throwing his lot in with dangerous people.
Hearn is a very dangerous person, IMHO. He's the kind of secretive-state-worshipping nerd supporting the jack-booted thugs that makes all minarchists ponder, if even only for a minute, that anarchists are right about the infeasibility of a social contract.
@_date: 2019-12-11 23:29:45


So what about sidechains where they have their own ledger and their own core code that regulate how they are generated and allocated? These will still be a part of the Bitcoin blockchain, but have their own governance model.
@_date: 2019-12-17 17:33:35
What is a real life example of a decentralized rule system?
@_date: 2019-12-17 04:17:46
Sidechains **are** Bitcoin with different rulesets. You can even have different denominations. 
Your light bulb analogy doesn't even even come close to an accurate description of what a sidechain is.
@_date: 2015-07-06 14:47:55
I wonder how viable this really was using yet another altcoin. Altcoin solutions fail to take advantage of the network effect that Bitcoin already has in its favor. I'm not saying altcoins won't work, just that they are very unlikely to succeed. 
Hell, they would have been better positioned to do this using Litecoin, even. It seems like failing to take advantage of some sort of existing blockchain is the biggest "newbie trap" programmers have to overcome. They need to stop seeing new alt-coins as a "get rich quick" scheme and instead purchase coin itself, then develop a killer app on top of an existing blockchain and reap the rewards after users adopt the new application and the price naturally rises due to increased participation.
@_date: 2019-12-10 19:50:30
No, even logically it's decentralized. Code-wise, decentralized. Algorithmically, decentralized. What you are talking about is a very ill-advised subjective definition of "centralization around consensus" which is, frankly, just using a worse word to explain consensus and even that is only arguably true. We even have evidence of times when there HAS NOT been "centralization around consensus" in the BCH fork, so I'm not sure why you think it's still appropriate to use or defend the word centralization. You made a mistake, it's okay.
With respects to cryptocurrency code and P2P systems, using "centralized" the way you are using is such a misnomer that it's very very very hard for any of us to take your decision to use it as anything other than malicious. You can argue your point till you're blue in the face, but whatever truth there is behind what you are saying is dwarfed by the last decade of Bitcoin being a wholehearted rejection of centralized control of an economic system and/or network.
@_date: 2015-08-30 13:05:23
Wait a minute. The blockchain is a consensus protocol. BIP100 takes advantage of this, I thought. How is this any different from the blockchain itself? All it is doing is making size of blocks determined by miners, who are arguably going to be the ones required the most to run full nodes or pay people to run full node services.
@_date: 2019-12-27 23:04:29
I like that this time the OP used the term "absorbed" at least. Usually when this is brought up it's in regards to a belief that miners instantly sell all their coins right after they mine them. While I don't doubt some of that is true, there are likely some miners out there that understand the scarcity and bank coins. 
Ever since the first real drop in price from ~$30ish to a low of $2 in November 2011, there have been people talking about how if miners cannot mine profitably they will stop, but for many of them, the mining is a sunk cost and/or they have other reasons why they would prefer to mine instead of buy (I don't doubt some of these reasons could be black market related, too). I don't doubt that these miners have contracts for the coin they mine with huge financial entities that can absorb the costs of running the mine. They might even be banks that have lent costs to them.
Additionally, many of them may be large banks sitting at the spigot of their nation's Bank or Federal Reserve and can have nearly endless amounts of fiat at extremely low interest rates to buy with during drops in price, simply because they know its a scarce resource and there's only so many coin that can be sold. 
When the demand mismatches the supply post-halvening and price starts increasing, these same bankers or their friends know that their customers will be in the market with a little bit of positive media coverage to go with the jumps in price and, as the major holders, they will get to be the ones who choose to who and at what amounts they get to sell for.
It's funny that I keep hearing people occasionally say that the financial establishment and/or government can and/or will eventually shut Bitcoin down. Gavin went to talk to the CIA in early 2011, folks, trust me, the governments of the world, their intelligence agencies, media outlets, social media manipulators, and their banking cartels are already participating in this stuff, they just don't want you to.
@_date: 2015-07-06 14:42:19
A question that almost never gets asked is: What sort of advice would you give a new small business owner who gets discouraged by the lack of use for the new payment system? 
Some small business owners set up Bitcoin support only to see maybe one or two people use it per month, if not a half-dozen per *year*. I think longevity of accepting Bitcoin is something businesses should strive towards, as the longer they have accepted it, the more likely certain customers are to use those services over others, but a few seem to give up after a few months of little use. Maybe they are aren't proudly displaying "Bitcoin accepted here" or advertising it well.
I'd be interested in why and how you were able to keep up with it since 2012. Is it because you've had good support from Bitpay? Is it sort of a philosophical issue for you?
@_date: 2019-12-12 17:47:24
Well, it's more than that though, sidechains give people the option of using an entirely different governance system while still being able to revert their ownership back to Bitcoin if they so choose. And anyone can create their own governance system, so it's essentially the wild west of governance options.
I really think you need to reassess what you are calling centralized and why. 
***Why it's not centralized***
You said you don't want to argue, but I don't think until this conversation started that you knew or understood what Byzantine fault tolerance or consensus were within the context of blockchains. Blockchains very specifically make no "rules" they are just verification processes. Blocks built on top of one another proving existence of another block prior to the current one. Since it is hard to make them, and everyone can see the math involved in the transaction ledger, it's all verifiable. But the code doesn't have to be followed. It *is* followed, because a lot of people trust the system, but the system could fail to deliver what users want. Such a thing happened with the BCH fork and Bitcoin Gold and etc.
What's really odd about your insistence on calling this centralized is that the one part of systems theory and emergence that I am the most familiar with is biological systems, and in that context, the literal Wikipedia entry on a [decentralized biology "system"]( is basically the design of Bitcoin, the network model, even down to the descriptions of each of the ants, fits a decentralized Bitcoin explanation to a T. Lastly, that wiki article itself even calls Bitcoin a decentralized system, and it has since October 2016, so you should get on them to correct that.
***Why it's not even a good term to use***
[By your own admission]( you've recognized there's no such thing as the opposite of what you are describing, which begs the question, if there is no opposite, what is the point of having the distinction you are making up to begin with? You're needlessly applying a terminology to a specific interpretation you have of Bitcoin's consensus model that is unnecessary and frankly, offensive to those of us that know Bitcoin's origins as a decentralized network and system.
Again, I really think you didn't know or understand consensus a week ago and are just learning about it today. I think you didn't know about sidechains and are just learning about them today. I would not be surprised if you don't understand or appreciate the huge changes coming with the lightning network, because they are yet another example of something that is clearly still Bitcoin having a completely different network or protocol layer on top of it.
@_date: 2019-12-11 16:56:36
Byzantine fault tolerance consensus (which is essentially what blockchains are doing aka [Nakamoto consensus]( solves the "unpredictable/chaotic" nature that comes from a decentralized network.




Can you point to an academic paper that explains this? I'm having a hard time taking this at face value. It would seem to me, by etymological use and definition, Centralized means there's a single core individual or group containing power where as decentralized means there's not a single individual or group and there is a much looser control on power. That's essentially what Bitcoin is, there is no single group or person that makes the decisions and the nodes are free to run whatever code they want.
@_date: 2017-11-29 00:42:01
Yes, and a lack of a contract courts system or enforceable contracts. One could argue the futures market today is similarly unenforceable. Anyone ever tried to take a 20 pound gold futures order to full delivery? It's more expensive and complex than it should be, which makes using the actual futures market to trade futures prohibitive.
@_date: 2015-08-25 16:48:16
Exposing someone is inside trading != Clamoring for regulations.
@_date: 2019-04-15 18:02:02
He would not have done systems programming, though. I don't doubt that Julian is a cypherpunk or that he can't code, but the sorts of things Julian was doing were more along the lines of scripting than programming.
Additionally, Satoshi did coding in much the same way [an academic would code by some assessments]( It is far more likely that Satoshi was either a post-doc or graduate student who was familiar with C++ and possibly fascinated by the idea that a P2P network combined with hashcash and a RPoW system might solve the [Byzantine Generals problem]( Oddly enough, while most cypherpunks sought a solution as a way to implement digital cash, Satoshi appears to have considered this primarily as a way to solve an academic problem, though he did have some early code written for creating a sort of market app (market.cpp) and review system within Bitcoin itself, likely to try and promote its early use. That code [was later removed](
@_date: 2017-04-26 21:39:48
Look at it this way:
1. There is absolutely no non-malicious reason for implementing something like this.
2. There is absolutely high incentive to have something as buggily-coded like this implemented for the purpose of state intervention in Bitcoin mining.
Everyone should update their miner's /etc/hosts file to add this immediately:
127.0.0.1 auth.minerlink.com
So here's the relevant code. As long as the address doesn't resolve it's fine. If it does resolve but doesn't send data it's fine. If it does resolve and sends data but the data doesn't contain "false" it's fine.
However, if it resolves, and sends data, and that data has "false", it queues things to stop.










It's worth noting that every time you update your firmware you're probably going to have to readd this DNS exception in /etc/hosts. Additionally, they could change the address in future firmwares to get around people editing their /etc/hosts files, too. Usually once a manufacturer does something as incompetent as this, you can never trust them not to try to sneak it in again, even years down the road. I would seriously start looking at the competition despite whatever hashrate drawbacks there were if I still mined, and I'd definitely never trust a firmware made by Bitmain again.
@_date: 2019-12-04 20:12:39


If you're talking about the rewards of other's labor while also taking on the risks of unprofitability, the threat of technological innovation obsoleting your manufactured goods, or shifts in public demand, then you are correct that Capitalism does offer that risk-reward tradeoff while Socialism only offers the reward incentive with none of the risk downfalls (because in Socialism you would just force the public to accept one and only one product and ban the rest).
@_date: 2015-07-27 15:46:31
Some people have drawn parallels with what is happening in the Chinese stock market to what happened in the US stock market after the "Roaring 20s". If that's the case, eventually there will be a flight to commodities post-crash and Gold and Bitcoin could be such commodities. Thus China may do something like [Proclamation 2039]( and follow it up with something like [Executive Order 6102]( to confiscate commodities. If that was the case, any of the Chinese buying coin through Chinese exchanges right now should instead be buying through American ones or sending their coin through mixers and saying they've lost it so that their government doesn't steal it from them.
@_date: 2015-07-05 19:04:56
In all honesty, it's important to note that both are viable. Bitcoin might be easier to liquidate.
@_date: 2019-12-20 18:29:50
You are making subjective and not objective statements about differences between ants and cells. You specifically say an ant colony is predictable except for the ants, and then say a human is not predicable and give an example of the cells being different. You haven't proved a point.
Can you give an example of how ants are more predictable than cells?
Additionally, are you aware of hierarchical systems theory? When it comes complexity, I see several scientists are usually talking about hierarchy (or lack thereof) instead of your newly created "centralized/decentralized" explanation. 
The only time "centralized" or "decentralized" is even used in the context of systems theory seems to be when it deals with authority, and I can assure you that when it comes to authority, Bitcoin is NOT centralized, ANYONE can fork, ANYONE can sidechain, ANYONE can write code for it. There is no single authority anywhere and trying to say "the rules" are what centralizes it when even that can change with sidechains (and revert back, too!) is incorrect.
@_date: 2019-04-17 16:47:08
For those of you going to the link and not seeing it, click on "Show scripts &amp; coinbase" in the section below. You'll spot the [genesis block &amp; message]( there. Of course, it does **not** contain messages about casino chargebacks. :D Instead it talks about a second round of bank bailouts ~~in Japan~~.
EDIT: Whoops, wrong country.
@_date: 2015-07-02 20:52:55


At the time they had access, DPR's SSL implementation would have been vulnerable to a POODLE man-in-the-middle attack (to have gotten the password), if not more. It'd be nice if the logs could be checked for SQL injection attacks that might be easier to pull off on an "admin interface" that wouldn't have been accessible on the main site. 
We now know that intelligence agencies are given advance knowledge about vulnerabilities in software and we also know the FBI had a copy of the virtual machine that they were running in a lab. It is possible that certain agents could have had Silk Road compromised for a specific period of time without it having been known to him. They could have shared that information with the DEA or the SS agent. It is also possible that, given that access, chats could have been "forged". The ones saved on his laptop are harder to say would have been affected, unless there was an automatic sync process or reverse compromise and automated planting taking place and the defense failed to ask for the content of sync scripts or cron jobs from the server.
Now is any of this plausible? I don't know. It doesn't seem likely that the FBI/DEA/SS would have gotten details of a hack from another agency (NSA) who is primarily concerned with external threats on how to compromise the SR server. It would have been a work of art for everything to have fallen in place and required intimidation of other agents who had found out the truth for this to evade mention in court. But we do know the defense was denied certain strategies, so it's hard to say what really was happening between the laptop and server in those last few months leading up to his arrest.
The one thing we really shouldn't do is quickly dismiss scenarios out of hand. In my mind, there still exists the possibility, however minimal, that DPR was not guilty of at least a few of the accusations made, especially anything after having given privileged access to the defendant in THIS case.
At the very least, it would have been nice if the defense could have gotten logs from the server or something to try to find a time when there was a login that would have exonerated their client (talking about DPR again) from at least one or two of the charges. I don't know if they requested this and were denied, or if they were incompetent and just didn't request it.
As a jury member, I would have had a hard time determining beyond a *reasonable doubt* given what I know about the case. It would appear, at its face, that Ross was guilty of everything he was accused of, but seeing the defense shut down from what seem to be reasonable requests tells me there exists at least a possibility that there was even stranger stuff going on that I would have liked to have known about. Part of me thinks that Ross knew the blackmails were blackmails and the photos were fake, but had a reasonable tolerance of "sharing the wealth" if it kept an investigator at bay, and may have kept evidence on the laptop in order to use it against what he thought was an agent if needed. That might at least explain why it was there, and why they took the defense strategy they took.
This doesn't excuse his actions and certainly doesn't absolve him of all guilt, but at least I'm not dismissing it out-of-hand.
@_date: 2019-04-24 18:57:53
Good for Bitcoin, commodities, rare art, aged liquor, etc. 
Bad for the general public, financial planners, corporate fiscal policy managers, fiscally-responsible people who save their money in fiat, etc.
It's hard to say for sure what the effects of something like this will be. It'll likely be like Japan which has been at zero or negative interest rates for a long time now.
Imagine a world where the average twenty year old man is essentially told that the best they can hope for is to work their entire life in an office job as a cog in a machine for money which will be constantly losing value and they must spend it to make everyone else's life better.
Is it any surprise Japan has few options for young men? Hikikomori, Karōshi, or Futoko. All three of these are horrible options. But you do get to choose, I guess?
Anyone under the age of 30 in Western society should be appalled at the direction of central banks, IMHO.
@_date: 2016-02-18 21:09:01
A federal judge has stated [it is a currency](
The CFTC says [it is a commodity](
The IRS says [it is property](
The SEC seems to think [it is a security](
Apart from the judge's ruling, these have been seen as negatives. Especially since not every country is as draconian as US agencies.
@_date: 2019-04-17 19:30:35


Most of them mine to pools. The pools pay them their earnings (not necessarily from mined coin).


I don't know of any site or metric for this sort of information.


I do mine in a  small to medium sized farm. We do not liquidate, we hold. We have enough cash on hand to hold for quite a while.


[Most mining is in China]( and performed by pools and miners who do not speak English or care about the Western world. I brought it up because you probably do not know Chinese yet are seeking a partnership. You should be aware of this hardship.
The few of us who do mine in the US are doing so because we anticipate higher prices in the future as the difficulty increases. While it is profitable, it is barely profitable. The best place to mine in the US right now is currently in [the central region of the state of Washington where utility rates for commercial/industrial get down into the sub $0.05 range]( Even here, it is only slightly more profitable to mine in some cases.
@_date: 2016-02-25 22:17:06
This is probably the most pertinent comment in this entire thread. I looked at the scaling required to run more than one node using Gavin's 2-4-8 proposal and realized that very quickly we get a system that grows, sure, but becomes increasingly easier for states to control.
@_date: 2017-04-06 19:23:53
His investors expected him to deliver and he did. But now that the advantage has been exposed, it's time to either give that capability to all his customers or gracefully adopt something that puts him on the same scale as his customers.
@_date: 2019-04-08 22:01:30
Theoretically or practically? Nodes mostly ignored such transactions prior to RBF.
@_date: 2015-07-14 16:51:04
They still owe me 11 BTC! :)
Actually, I think MyBitcoin.com going down showed the entire community how horrible it was to store any large amount of coins with an online wallet. Good early lesson for the newbies of 2011.
@_date: 2017-04-04 21:36:08
There's a difference between a technical impossibility and a practical one. I think AA is talking about the practical impossibility here.
@_date: 2015-07-28 14:08:57
You can put a message at the bottom of your new email signature saying "Please send email through my new encryption-supported email address at ..." and at least still get all the previous emails that you had set up with Gmail yet update those contacts to start using your new email. Forwarding is just the first step.
@_date: 2019-04-11 20:18:01
Some other 2010 and 2011 links that are a bit more Reddit centric...
[User gets Paypal account banned in 2010 because he donated to Wikileaks]( ("Bit Coin" is mentioned as an alternative)
[Anonymous and Lulz Security post where "Bit Coin" is mentioned](
[Paypal admits US pressure for Wikileaks block](
Here's the [text of the letter]( from the US State Department saying that Wikileaks was illegal that the Paypal team said they used to decide to remove funding. It's seemingly unclear if there was additional encouragement through any other channels for them to remove funding. Paypal just took away the ability to fund them because they didn't want to encourage any sort of legal fight, apparently.
[This was a big early post]( indicating that Bitcoin could be used as a solution. It was this post that got me (and probably others) first interested in Bitcoin, even though I never did donate to Wikileaks.
Several months later, [the Atlantic wrote a pretty scathing piece about Wikileaks being allowed to raise funds through Paypal and credit card companies again](
@_date: 2016-02-04 15:27:34
I had to turn off my node in the last month due to repeat mempool requests. I tried banning the offending IP but then another one would do it at greater frequency. I'm almost certain this is someone trying to identify who is sending specific transactions based on which mempools get the transactions and when. I know a lot of people gave luke-jr flak for banning what he thought were spam attacks back in 2012 with Satoshi Dice, but if there was a way to ban/block repeat mempool offenders I'd put my node back up immediately.
@_date: 2017-04-03 00:35:24
IMHO, this was kind of a pump and dump on his behalf. Prior to this, there weren't really any people that had a huge media presence talking about Bitcoin. He did this at an opportune time and kind of inflated the price. 
Imagine if Donald Trump were to start talking about Bitcoins after the price had just doubled and that's sort of what the timing on this particular post was. I'm glad he supported Bitcoin, but he never really wrote about it again, so the whole event came off kind of car-salesman-like.
@_date: 2017-04-26 21:37:00
Every time I think "that's the stupidest thing they've done yet" they do something even stupider. Reminds me of this scene from [King of The Hill](
Everyone should update their miner's /etc/hosts file to add this immediately:
127.0.0.1 auth.minerlink.com
@_date: 2017-04-15 16:06:47
Has he ever given any sort of official statement about fungibility?
@_date: 2019-04-16 20:56:55
Unfortunately, the times we hit the front page are mostly times when the public thinks they are learning something new and original and they need to get in before everyone else. In reality, those are often some of the worst times to start purchasing using the dollar cost averaging strategy. I'm not sure that it can be helped, though. I do appreciate that last time either theymos or you or someone on the mod team put in a disclaimer talking about the 80%+ falls. While I do think significant price moves are notable, I also worry that the public often mistakes these for a buy indicator.
@_date: 2016-02-26 15:21:16
Not sure if trolling or actually interested. There's less drama to raise blocksize than there is to hard fork to raise it. It's more complicated than "the former lead developer and exchanges funded by large banking institutions want bigger blocksizes, so we're just going to drop everything to give it to them." 
See how I also can unfairly phrase the issue?
@_date: 2016-02-23 16:41:01


You said this, and then go on to talk about how a large business could potential exploit smaller blocks to push out competition, but don't actually refute his statement about Coinbase clearing transactions. Any of us who have actually used Coinbase will note that they have been eating transaction fees when they come up so far. What specifically about what he said is wrong?
@_date: 2019-04-22 15:36:59
It was actually chat logs. But what was really disturbing was that it was essentially entrapment.
The DEA agent had multiple accounts. He used one to set up a cocaine deal using a Silk Road admin whose identity he already knew. He got DPR involved in brokering the deal, and then after the cocaine was shipped, he busts the Silk Road admin. He then used his first fake account to demand action (presumably, retribution), and used another secondary account to say he could "set up a hit" which he then faked. He laundered the money from the fake hit through another exchange. If there ever was a case of entrapment, this would have qualified as one. What was despicable was that even though this was a clear manipulation of Ross, the chat logs from this were allowed as "evidence" in charge of him running the site.
I don't think Ross is completely innocent, but its hard to argue that justice was served here. It was a very one-sided case.
Even [the Silk Road admin whose Ross supposedly ordered a hit on claims that Ross is being punished too harshly]( and is [offering a portion of the proceeds from his book/story to Free Ross.](
Throughout this process, a SecretService agent froze MtGox funds and apparently [stole and diverted to his personal accounts some of the Silk Road funds]( The aforementioned DEA agent went on to [bully online exchanges and get a job at one of them]( He was [sentenced to 78 months in 2015]( An alleged [third government agent was providing Ross with info on what law enforcement was doing]( and has yet to be identified.
@_date: 2016-02-05 05:00:45
For those of you wondering why Deutsche is in huge trouble:
@_date: 2019-04-17 16:38:32
Or Hayek's ghost...
"I don't believe we shall ever have a good money again before we take the thing out of the hands of government. We can't take it violently out of the hands of government, all we can do is by some sly, roundabout way introduce something that **they cannot stop**." -- F. A. Hayek 1984
Source: 
@_date: 2019-04-08 21:19:09


I'm not saying this isn't true, but you could be misremembering the timeframe. It was probably 2011 or 2012, when GPU and later FPGA mining were at their peak. Prior to 2011, people were not "building mining rigs". Around late 2010, some GPU mining code had come out that drove a lot of early interest, but even then there were maybe one or two serious players in the GPU mining market. Prior to late 2010 the only two people who had publicly acknowledged any form of GPU mining were laszlo and artforz, and only artforz claimed to be mining on multiple PCs. Both of these were done in mid-to-late 2010. The GPU "mining rig" concept only really became common in 2011.
In 2009, for the whole first year it was only CPU miners and hobbyists that occasionally used Bitcoin or mined it. Only one reasonably large miner from that era known as "|)ruid" (aka druid).
Source for some of this:
@_date: 2015-07-27 16:36:47
This is correct and people need to stop downvoting it just because they don't like the tone. I regularly pass 100Gb upload total each month for my full Bitcoin node. I stopped running it recently. Average was 50-65 connections for the time period.
It's even harder to run a full node on TOR due to the huge amount of upload required.
@_date: 2016-02-26 21:33:02
Well, I think that's why this is worth discussing, in fact!
@_date: 2019-04-22 14:24:06


Sounds like a phishing expedition to me. I'm still upset they gave my email to Kraken who has added me to every one of their mailing lists without my approval. From what I understand, Kraken is an otherwise good exchange, but it still bothers me that my email got passed around and "leaked" to the entire Internet, along with coin numbers of how many coins passed through my account.
@_date: 2015-07-04 16:18:11
He actually doesn't want to increase spending. His bill to increasing military spending was a troll intending to be at Marco Rubio's expense. To an extent, it was bad because it was "playing politics" and it backfired. I think he's learned his lesson based on the reaction. 
Basically, for those of you interested, he proposed an amendment to a bill that increased spending to match what Rubio wanted, but instead of just funding military spending, he introduced cuts to social program spending to make the increases paid for. Rubio was against it. It was designed to give him the argument that Rubio didn't vote for balancing the budget, but it came across as Rand proposing an increase in military spending and [Reason kind of tore into him about it](
Like I said, I think Rand learned his lesson.
@_date: 2016-02-23 17:59:26


Not exactly "swimming" in it, but I and at least two others I know have held a not-insignificant amount of coin since late 2010 and early 2011. I and they sold some in June of 2011 and November of 2013, sure, but the bulk of it has remained unsold. I have to imagine there are others out there like us.
@_date: 2017-04-17 20:37:19
Code != Money. Plus, the biggest difference in your analogy is that the majority of the federal reserve chairs right now are a-OK with screwing over the little guy (taxpayers) and rewarding the big guys (via bailouts). Bitcoin with it's wider range of users, devs, and miners, are at least keeping one bad miner/actor in check from ruining the system.
@_date: 2016-02-15 20:27:24
I think the thing that bugs me the most about AML laws are that they are thinly-veiled assaults on free speech rights. 
Not everyone who moves $10k is a drug dealer, but many of us that would move $10k are against drug laws, including AML laws and have to fill out a form or give our banker special information to "prove" we aren't dealing drugs. Our bank accounts are being monitored and very likely our charitable contributions to organizations like the ACLU and NORML are being monitored as well since we know they attempt to get people on "structuring" if they transfer even small amounts like $2k-5k, so clearly they are keeping track of basically everything we transfer and which organizations we donate to.
Also, shouldn't AML laws have kept up to date with inflation anyway? When these laws went into effect wasn't $10k nearly the equivalent of 50-100k today?
EDIT: I just wanted to add, Mike Caldwell of Casascius fame no longer sells pre-funded coins. FinCEN [clearly overreached]( into controlling what people can and cannot do with the blockchain. So any argument they wouldn't tell developers what they could or could not code is ludicrous. They have an agenda and they are comfortable pursuing it.
@_date: 2016-02-02 06:04:05
Make no mistake, this disagreement on block size is only a temporary distraction, but it is a discussion that needs to be had, regardless of how short-term painful it is. When this is over, it'll be important to crush the private blockchain nonsense the bankers are working on.
Like the above poster, I'm an early adopter (late 2010) who is not great with code. I understand enough to follow the new concepts that come along, such as segregated witness, and what Mircea Popescu has recently covered. I continue to hold just like everyone else and don't buy the fantasized argument of Blockstream owning everything.
I think Reddit is particularly horrible at supporting conversations that need more than a minute's consideration. 
I don't want to be rich, at least, not anymore. That was never the intention of buying into Bitcoin over five years ago now (it's crazy to think it's been so long, actually). I saw Bitcoin as something that really did look like the science fiction version of "credits" that was in all the movies and books I read as a teen. I thought the world HAD to eventually switch to such a system of storing wealth and the mathematical concepts at the time just blew my mind as well as the peer to peer distribution. This was a trust model that worked! Surely it was worth a few bucks to try it...
But underneath that joy of finding something amazing, I'm also quite upset. I want to wake up the public to how they've been duped by fiat and a system that perpetrates cronyism. I want to destroy everything that the to-big-to-fail banks in the US have guiled the American public into buying. I'm perfectly happy watching the price of Bitcoin sit still or even fall if it means these bastards will lose their jobs in five to ten years. I can endure the growing pains and disagreements for years if needs be.
It's unfortunate we need a threat like Bitcoin to actually get some accountability back in place when it comes to our finances, regardless of country of origin. No one lost their jobs in 2008, that's probably the surest sign something like Bitcoin *has* to succeed.
@_date: 2017-04-26 21:41:20
Everyone should update their miner's /etc/hosts file to add this immediately:
127.0.0.1 auth.minerlink.com
@_date: 2016-02-18 19:17:47
While true, minarchists are not anarchists nor are they explicitly statists. Statism is a belief that the state should also control economic planning and policy. Minarchists believe a gov't should exist but should be varying degrees of a ["night-watchman state"]( (very minimal). Anarchists believe that a state should not exist.
@_date: 2019-04-16 19:58:45
You are correct that I don't have a full source for this. I'm speculating based on what we *have* seen from him, and it doesn't seem Satoshi-like. Julian seemed to like using existing tools to solve a different kind of problem, not building new tools themselves. Or at least, we have no evidence of him creating a whole tool himself. That does not rule him out, though. I just don't think it is likely, which is far from saying "he's not Satoshi".
Though much of what we know about Wikileaks was a "system", it was built off of anonymous contributing FTP dumps and chat functionality that seemed to be akin to IRC scripting. This was done using a series of scripts Assange created and not anything self-contained in a single program. We have no evidence of Assange creating any C++ code at all in his entire life, in fact.
Does mean he couldn't have coded in C++, we just don't have evidence of it.
@_date: 2019-04-02 19:55:14


EDIT: The last thing we need while this close to the bottom is more traders that have no idea what they are buying. Set aside about 2-4 hours each day to read crypto news and learn what cryptocurrencies are and how they work. Watch videos like [the Khan Academy series]( learn about sound money from [Andreas Antonopoulos]( I don't mean to mock you, but you sound like someone looking for a get-rich-quick scheme, when Bitcoin and other cryptos are absolutely not that. We don't want those kinds of investors, either, we want people who know what they are doing and will follow the coin during the bad years as intently they do during the good years.
@_date: 2016-02-26 21:21:43
Good point.
@_date: 2017-04-27 06:37:11
I can't speak of the mining software today, but cgminer was open source at least. I even remember asking Con Kolivas about specific optimizations I could compile into the code and their viability. Today's miners seem to put wayyyyy too much trust in the manufacturers. It used to be that as soon as you got new hardware you ditched their custom software to find one someone hacked together to get a 1-5% boost. Nowadays the Chinese seem content with doing only what is "authorized". They could learn a few things from us Westerners that were constantly hacking at the code. It might just be a cultural thing, though. Even though I didn't like Avalon's business tactics, I totally respected ngzhang and xiangfu's code.
@_date: 2017-04-06 19:39:10


"We have code that could give us an advantage over our own customers internally, we took the time to encode it in the hardware, we took the time to ensure it wasn't available for our customers to use. This change to the blockchain would make this advantage not in our favor, and we have been blocking this change, but not because we have this unfair advantage that we promise we are not using. If you're going to say we are blocking it because of our unfair advantage, you have to prove it first. Just saying that this huge advantage we carefully designed to not be available to our customers is being used isn't proof that we are doing it. You have to catch us in the act. Never mind how bad it already looks without proof, it's the fact that you aren't proving it that makes it OK."
EDIT: "Also, we asked you to provide us with a blocksize increase and you provided us with a blocksize increase. How dare you!" (credit to for pointing this out!)
EDIT2: "Sorry, just one more thing, we also happen to own a version of a patent (but not the original one) for what you're accusing but can't prove we're doing, so even if you do have evidence were doing it, we'll just say we owned the patent, but first you have to prove we're doing it, OK?"
@_date: 2017-04-11 20:56:55
Roger claims he agreed to do something similar, but that it was in private. We don't know what it was he actually agreed to. That's different from signing from an address that actually owns coin and having publicly accepted prior to the expiration of the deal.
@_date: 2016-02-25 15:39:40


"Once a predetermined number of coins have entered circulation, the incentive can transition entirely to transaction fees and be completely inflation free." - [Bitcoin: A Peer-to-Peer Electronic Cash System]( by *Satoshi Nakamoto*, October 31, 2008.
"In a few decades when the reward gets too small, the transaction fee will become the main compensation for nodes." [Bitcointalk post]( Satoshi Nakamoto, February 14th, 2010.
There was clear intention from the start for fee markets to eventually develop. If Bitcoin cannot survive with fee markets, then Bitcoin cannot survive at all.
@_date: 2016-02-26 21:31:45


I'm not a hardfork supporter and I still at least found it interesting and worth discussing. The relay network has always been kind of a hack. Efficient? Sure, but a hack regardless. :/
@_date: 2019-04-18 15:07:01
I don't normally upvote these scammer alerts but I'm upvoting this one just to say something extremely important to everyone in If you ever receive a direct message on Reddit regarding any cryptocurrency or "crypto business plan" it is spam at best and a scam at worst.
@_date: 2019-04-24 15:38:15
Whoever it is, it likely won't be legit. I guarantee you that McAfee will only out some early developer who uses or used IRC extensively when we know Satoshi did not.
@_date: 2019-04-11 19:52:21


No he's not. He is, was, and always has been a journalist. Perhaps a narcissistic one, and perhaps he went a bit unorthodox when releasing the diplomatic cables, but he has always still been an independent third party and any accusations to the contrary are speculative at best.
I [covered this in more detail here]( but the fact remains, the only Reddit accounts seemingly pushing the idea that Wikileaks had any sort of a pro-Russian agenda are uninformed or partisan tribalists at best, which you can confirm from their post history. To date there has been absolutely no evidence that Wikileaks ever had any opportunity to hurt the GOP itself or to hurt Russia itself. If such evidence exists, it should be presented outright. I'm not claiming to know if leaks were attempted that Wikileaks did, in fact, turn down, but the evidence just isn't there and never has been.
The only other criticism that has been leveled at Wikileaks aside from their supposed lack of releasing Russian or GOP documents was related to their response to the Panama Papers. And the one glaring accusation that was made has been surprisingly true, for the most part. The Panama Paper leak was supposedly from a disgruntled sysadmin of Mossack-Fonseca. If so, it should have been easy for that person to have been found and outed, but that never happened and Mossack Fonseca never indicated a former sysadmin was responsible, indicating it was likely a state-sponsored attack by an intelligence agency. Additionally, the information lacked any significant American-based tax avoidance or money laundering, which was extremely odd. Either the data was scrubbed by the source, or scrubbed by the ICIJ, or there was very few Americans using MF for tax avoidance. Since the former two options were probably the more likely scenario, [the ICIJ deservedly received some criticism]( Wikileaks was tweeting about such criticism.
@_date: 2012-09-12 19:13:02
Not easily, if they were smart they used AES256 and a 25+ character password.
@_date: 2016-02-15 21:21:02
"Father of Dragons" is a bit much.
@_date: 2015-07-13 22:34:05
For what it is worth, what they were doing wasn't entirely novel. My guess is that it was kind of a vaporware project from the get go. There's also the problem of it being extremely easy to pinpoint someone's location using simple triangulation. This was being done even back in the 80s/90s by federal agents so they could certainly do it today.
@_date: 2016-02-17 22:32:50
I think it's because of Nacchio that companies like Lavabit and Apple are now immediately going public with their concerns. This poor guy tried to say "No, I don't think it's constitutional, but I will be kind enough to not tell the American people that you are attempting to violate their 4th amendment rights, and assume you are dropping any such nonsense."
Turns out, they didn't want to drop the nonsense.
@_date: 2012-08-31 15:51:04
Do you mean "buy" a cheap home 3D printer? I know some 3D printers can print more 3D printers, but I thought it was better to just buy a RepRap new.
@_date: 2016-02-26 21:16:45
It's not too confusing though if you go through it step-by-step. 
1. Mining pools need hashpower and they need to relay blocks. 
2. Mining pools with higher hashpower tend to run or send to nodes that other nodes *really* want to connect to in order to have their transactions confirmed faster or for zero-confirmation transaction safety reasons. 
3. Because of  the more hashpower a pool has, the more "well-connected" of a node it tends to have, which means it is more likely to "win" during a race between two competing blocks to see which one gets orphaned.
4. Because of  more miners are more likely to mine at the pool having the more "well-connected" node.
A relay network or faster confirmation times can level the playing field and keep miners well-distributed among a higher number of pools.
@_date: 2019-04-08 21:58:34


And companies like Casa are providing solutions for high net worth investors in crypto that are both easy to use and very safe. We'll get there in blockchain-based fintech as well.
@_date: 2017-04-25 21:54:44
I don't have a way to do accurate readings, but based on some comments in Nathaniel Popper's book, and some info that I and likely a few others happened to be privy to at the time, I believe they bought specifically in 2013 when the price was $8-$15. 
There was a particular person/group/entity in the dealings I'm aware of that purchased ~124k coin. I have reason to believe it is likely the Winklevoss that own it because of the other parties involved and the fact that Winklevoss were supposedly dealing directly with them, but I'm not sure if there were dealings outside of those specific channels that would indicate they also purchased more elsewhere, too. I also don't know how much was sold after late 2013 when the price was falling or if they similarly loaded back up as it increased again, so I think it is impossible to know where they are sitting at today.
@_date: 2017-04-14 14:54:44
It's also an unsustainable way to scale. If big blockers aren't going to accept LN now, they never will and they'll destroy the coin's fungibility in the process.
@_date: 2017-04-06 19:50:57
What do you think the median or average BTC ownership rate of Bitcoin is for BTU supporters anyway? It can't be high.
I think most of the ones "in denial" probably stopped going there at least a month or two ago when things mostly started to become altcoin pumps and the toxicity of Jihan was at its highest. The fact that Ver won't publicly put up proof of ownership of at least as many coin as Loaded means he's either got most of his coin wrapped up in other schemes (possible) or he's been all-in on some of these alt and scam coins for a while (more likely).
@_date: 2017-04-26 22:01:19
That would probably be best. Or block all outbound traffic except through a squid proxy and blacklist the site from there or only whitelist needed domains. Lots of ways to do this.
From my days of FPGA mining in 2012, however, I wasn't even doing that. Yet I was doing more than even some of the serious "GPU farms" at the time were doing. At least back then we knew what kind of code we were running on our boxes. I'm sure there's some large mining farm out there that is not using network segmentation that could get bit by this.
@_date: 2016-02-24 17:28:12
I guess maybe I see it the other way around. I see Coinbase as an increasingly-monolithic  institution that has promoted developers into managers and is upset that they are now having to hire skilled developers to do the raw coding to work around this issue, whereas a startup would be more likely to see the competitive advantage and program accordingly for it.
@_date: 2012-08-21 22:07:09
Yeah, people will hit the site just to price different options.
@_date: 2012-06-25 15:53:25
No, but it's becoming more and more likely that you must be on the major exchanges, it seems. You can always drop a major order in  and see if anyone bites.
@_date: 2012-06-25 21:26:19
Well, considering they are only taking orders in bank transfers and Bitcoin, it means that they will have to sell the Bitcoin in order to fund ASIC development. So at least right now the pressure is downward to the tune of about 300k.
@_date: 2012-08-14 21:27:57
How do we get access to the raw data of blockchain.info charts/graphs? I see some of them on the API, piuk, but not Bitcoin Days Destroyed, for example...
@_date: 2016-02-26 21:06:46
One concern I might have is a potential DDOS on a single node by "faking" several valid blocks in sequence and forcing that node to use processing time to confirm it, but there might also be ways to mitigate an attack of that nature.
@_date: 2019-04-17 17:12:22
The most profitable Bitcoin miners do not speak English. I say this as a barely profitable miner.
If you want coin, just buy it. No intelligent miner is going to enter a "partnership" for selling their coin. 
There are a multitude of reasons for this, the most obvious one being that if someone is willing to pay more than exchange market value for your coin, they are likely a moneylaunderer and because most miners participate in pools, they can and will be easily identified.
Plus, the kinds that don't participate in pools already or are pool operators themselves have deals brokered with exchanges for their coin, likely as futures contracts or some other insured vehicle that guarantees them a certain price.
The mining economy "dwindling away" is not true, it's mostly as big as it ever was, it's just that the larger miners are dealing with scales in the tens of millions of dollars or more and aren't going to talk to just anyone wanting to engage in a partnership. They also aren't typically in the US or Western society at all. Most are in SE Asia.
@_date: 2012-10-10 21:06:03
Yes, but here's what happens:
1. I generate the address to send the coin to and send it via Paypal comments along with my money.
2. You send the coin to the address.
3. I issue a chargeback with Paypal for your failure to deliver.
4. Paypal suspends your account for selling Bitcoin and gives the money back to me.
Pretty much happens every time for digital goods. This is why even WoW Gold dealers avoid using Paypal anymore.
@_date: 2012-09-07 17:46:55
I agree that this is a possibility, but for those of us normal people outside of political circles, the "release your taxes" talk was actually starting to die down, I had heard people were mostly backing off the requests.
I suppose doing such a move could squelch the most fervent or vitriol of Obama supporters though, so maybe that would be the intent. Still, it requires someone in the Romney camp actually know how to use Bitcoin and do a lot of illegal stuff that would be risky.
I think that for now we should just see this as what Occam's Razor would tell us: a scam.
@_date: 2016-02-08 20:11:03


[They are]( That may not always remain the case, but I think it is safe to say we're at least a decade or more out from this being an actual problem. Shor's algorithm will be required to do it right and most of the work being done right now with qubits is using a different factoring methodology or using Shor's but knowing the solution ahead of time.
@_date: 2019-04-11 15:38:05


This always comes up, but the arguments that "he had dirt on the GOP too and didn't release it" is an unsubstantiated argument. 
It wasn't until 2018 that [any significant compromise of GOP emails was mentioned]( 
Keep in mind, Wikileaks isn't a hacking organization, they just release what they are given and have a little bit of journalistic integrity when they do. (An obvious exception to this would be when all the diplomatic cables were leaked)
The claims that [GOP servers were hacked in 2016]( were instances of old emails and individual state-run websites that were hosted by 3rd party vendors and they had nothing significant on them that would not likely have even been worthy of publishing, let alone was there any proof that Wikileaks had that info to publish at all.
Let's be frank here. The reason why the CIA and possibly other DoD agencies have had such a motive for going after Assange has been [because of the "Collateral Murder" video](
@_date: 2012-08-17 18:31:11
Because in addition to being developers they also participate in the Bitcoin Foundation.
@_date: 2012-12-14 20:49:56
Worth Noting: Rassah is actually an SA Goon. He does posts like this on the forums "for the lulz", too. He thinks mocking Bitcoiners for being into Bitcoin is fun, but he spends an immense amount of time doing it, so who really is the obsessed one, here?
@_date: 2012-11-02 06:12:34
I'm not sure if you are serious about this or not, but I've been catching scammers on the forums for some time now and independently "handling" them. If you want to PM me and keep me in the loop, I'd be willing to work with you or anyone willing to provide an avenue of reporting on scammers. I would, however, like to be compensated for the time I spend. I spend anywhere from 4 to 8 hours on typical scams, and often go unpaid for the work I've done.
@_date: 2019-04-08 21:56:54
Agreed. I didn't see it as anything more than an info-graphic for the elderly that introduces them to thinking about cryptos in a different manner. That's an important first step since the finance world is going to be changing and they might not understand why.
The elderly should continue to hold their stock-based retirement investments in the regular markets. If anything, the only thing Bitcoin replacing fiat is going to do for most retired people is that they might take a hit on any owned fiat-based treasury US bonds, but their traditional 401k investments should just convert over to cryptos once stuff like (definitely not advertising or promoting, please do your own research first on any altcoin!) Raven and T0 and etc. build such stock-trading systems to replace the DTCC and atomic swaps between Bitcoin and any of these stock-trading alts becomes commonplace.
There's probably going to be a plethora of crypto solutions that are going to compete and initially confuse the elderly who just want their traditional retirement investments to remain safe. Ultimately the DTCC and traditional stocks, as represented in fiat, are going to inevitably be replaced by something that is faster and more secure, IMHO.
Why does the DTCC need replaced? [Here's why](
It seems to me that the elderly need to understand why everyone is so excited about cryptos and blockchains. That infographic helps answer why crypto solutions are a good replacement for currency. News stories about Dole having too many shares and the DTCC not working help answer why crypto solutions can fix the stock market, too.
@_date: 2012-07-27 14:34:07
Bitfloor kind of is, but they are very regional from my understanding, it's nearly impossible to get money in via Chase in certain parts of the Midwest.
@_date: 2012-07-27 14:43:40
There are a number of things incorrect about genjix's statement above: 
1. She initiated a lawsuit for well under one million. It was for the medical expenses only. The jury decided to award punitive damages.
2. Her grandson slammed on the brakes which caused the spill. She was NOT driving, and she put the cup between her knees while seated in the passenger seat. Quite frankly, regardless of how hot the coffee was, it was still her grandson's fault, and perhaps partially her own for putting it that close to her body with such a horrible driver. Coffee is not made with the express purpose of pouring it on yourself immediately after purchase. I'm sorry it was too hot for human consumption, but people tend to *prefer* it this way, in fact, you'll notice that even today McDonald's instead puts warnings up about the temperature, they haven't significantly dropped storage temps. It's because people *want* their coffee this way, they often still have to finish the commute into work.
3. The $1 million figure was supposedly determined by figuring worldwide coffee sales (not minus expenses) for one day. It used a very poor revenue calculation, however, and the amount of punitive damages was dropped to $480,000 by the judge. Later it was even settled out of court.
@_date: 2012-06-25 16:01:42
I consider myself a Bitcoin investor.


This doesn't bode well, tells me we're settling in for another irrational exuberance period ala May/June 2011. Understand the technology first and why you should be investing, don't just go at the whim of friends and advisors. Bitcoin is a solid investment, yes, but if you don't understand why you're going to be kicking yourself when it falls from the hundreds of dollars back down to under $10.
@_date: 2012-08-31 15:58:49
I've had people use this argument before on me, that the second amendment doesn't matter because you as one person aren't going to stand up to an army of trained professionals.
They all vastly underestimate the number of privately-owned guns in this country and what the effects of making millions of gun owners criminals overnight would be. The army and police would stand literally no chance at all, add on top of that that politicians would inevitably be ordering them to kill armed citizens merely protecting themselves and their families and you're going to start setting a lot of the army and police guns turning the other direction, too. Ruby Ridge was considered a horrible disaster, and for good reason, it showed what the government was willing to do to make a point, and it hurt politicians' standing with the law enforcement community for quite some time.
It's far easier to get a dog to kill a rabbit than another dog.
@_date: 2012-12-17 17:08:10
Yeah, I and a friend still mine with GPUs, cheap electricity keeps them viable, at least till ASIC drops.
@_date: 2012-12-29 18:02:08
No, Roger Ver is bad for Bitcoin. I've been using Bitcoin since 2010, guys like him put a horribly bad name on Bitcoin.
@_date: 2012-10-29 23:03:08
Bitcoin causes purchasers to seriously consider "caveat emptor" when purchasing. Plus, it forces sellers to be more detailed in their descriptions of what is actually being purchased, because any irate customer can take up a cause of showing exactly how and when they were "scammed". 
To a certain extent, Bitcoin is the best of "buyer beware" and "the customer is always right", because the block chain doesn't lie. Real incentives to following both adages abound, and you can often see it in honest dealings when they do happen on the forums. People like to play up the scams and hacks and whatnot, but I've actually had a much more positive experience with Bitcoin than I tend to hear about from most media coverage. Maybe it's because I've always taken each transaction seriously and do my due diligence, I don't know.
@_date: 2012-07-12 00:04:00
You could get on  on Freenode. You may also be asked to register at 
It's not going to be fully anonymous, but if you deal with just one IRC user that would be the best pseudo-anonymous way to do it.
There's really no absolutely anonymous way to purchase Bitcoins. There are some relatively anonymous ways to mine Bitcoins, however.
@_date: 2012-10-08 13:39:45
I'm a proud owner of several ngzhang FPGAs. They were all delivered on time and exactly to specification. My original account on here (before the admins deleted it) was a 5 year old Reddit account and I've been a member on Bitcointalk.org since early 2011 (under a different username). If you seriously look at a side-by-side comparison of ngzhang's first three months of posts compared to BFL's first three months of posts, I think you'll find your answer.
@_date: 2012-09-05 19:57:20


I keep seeing people say this but it's silly, now you have a reason to have a tech geek in the film that follows where the coins go and hands that info off to the main protagonist. It's a way to say "this character is smart" without alienating the audience with techno-babble.
You realize Bitcoin is mostly psuedoanonymous, maybe that Bitcoin geek knows the address is run/handled by a "moneychanger in Berlin" or something. It hasn't ruined Hollywood, it's just given Hollywood something new to use as a plot point and character development.
@_date: 2019-04-17 19:17:52
Thanks, I fixed it.
@_date: 2012-09-29 00:44:35
Later on they went negative, I'm still kind of waiting for something since the decline after last year that isn't a blog post like this one:
or video blog like this one:
@_date: 2012-06-26 00:08:42
I think when the network is doing a Petahash and we're all mining via TOR we're going to be pretty confident no government institution is going to be able to pull off a 51% attack. I think that's pretty valuable in and of itself. But yes, you're right on everything else, I just don't think that computational power has "little" to do with price. I feel it's the primary driver of demand after Silk Road.
@_date: 2019-04-03 19:17:51
For those wondering what watchtowers entail and why they are important, I would refer you to [this post]( by and [this article]( on Blocknomi.
I am not an expert on watchtowers, but I believe these are the going to be the backbone or building blocks for what will eventually lead to even more complex smart contracts using cryptocurrencies. We will need thousands of sysadmins to run watchtowers and be a source of trust for these complex smart contracts. Properly-designed smart contracts will use more than one watchtower and will spread verification to multiple watchtowers run by operators in different regional jurisdictions for maximum adherence as incentives to cheat the system will inevitably exist. The most trusted watchtowers will be run by sysadmins who do NOT cheat the system and possibly even provide insurance policies against cheating from their particular watchtower.
Putting on my tinfoil hat...
Existing government intelligence agencies and actors within the modern financial system will want to cajole and manipulate these sysadmins for monetary gain as cryptocurrencies grow in both monetary size and scope over the next few years, so integrity and resilience to external corruption factors will make or break which sysadmins and regions are safe to operate a watchtower. If you design a complex smart contract using only watchtowers from one regional jurisdiction, it will not be a question of **if** your smart contract will be inevitably cheated, but **when** it will. Make particular note of which jurisdictions run [gag orders]( and generally succumb to [tyranny of their own intelligence agencies]( as these will be particularly bad jurisdictions to rely on otherwise trustworthy sysadmins.
I would recommend using at least three watchtowers run by three different sysadmins/companies within three different regional jurisdictions for large smart contracts.
@_date: 2012-08-17 16:31:55
You do know who theymos is, right?
The announcement in September is just a country backing official use of Bitcoin within it's jurisdiction. It's not going to exclude other currencies from being used, but it's going to solve what is remaining of their financial woes, and it's going to bring Bitcoin to the front stage accordingly.
@_date: 2012-08-02 19:40:04
I've never really understood why Atlas was banned to begin with, they should have probably just restricted his posts till he apologized to the people that called authorities/medical staff.
That said, I think your post to the Something Awful thread is really difficult for admins to overlook. Atlas was (unfairly I suppose) targeted by the SA goons in August/September of last year. He kept linking over and over to things they were saying and no one even really gave a crap, nor should they have.
@_date: 2012-08-21 14:43:21
Yes he will, but it won't be soon. He's looping them through another currency right now.
@_date: 2012-06-22 15:01:21
As the guy that wrote their press release, I can assure you, it does not.
EDIT: As someone who invested in miners, I wish I would have instead bought about 2000 Bitcoin at $.60 instead of $2000 worth of mining equipment in March of 2011. I could have sold at $10, $20, or $30 and still bought all my mining equipment.
Even if an ASIC situation comes up, the rising difficulty is going to increase present miners ROI, meaning they are going to stop selling and the price will increase. After all the initial people waste their money on miners and jack the difficulty to insane levels, the guys who bought or held will sell at exuberant rates and destroy all the early ASIC miners profits. 
I know, it happened to me when I started my GPU farm last year. Had I waited I could have had a farm about 20 times the size.
@_date: 2012-07-16 16:30:38
Not if you are a momentum trader. Though I doubt the parent really truly knows how to do momentum trading.
@_date: 2016-02-11 22:05:54
ZH seems pretty tame given some of the stupid things investment advisors and federal reserve chairs say, though.
I liked the comment someone once made about ZH that "ZH has correctly predicted 3 of the last 1 recessions."
The fact of the matter is, if investors were actually lending something of value, there's no way there would be negative interest rates. If anything, the negative interest rates just go to show you how fraudulent the fractional reserve lending model really is.
There must be a huge demand for derivatives out there for banks to be so cash-strapped they are willing to lend money at a loss to generate the money they need for swaps.
Anyone who thinks this is going to end well is far crazier than the average ZH article.
@_date: 2012-12-28 22:12:06
I love their service, I don't like that a third party is running queries on user data.
@_date: 2012-12-28 22:10:35
I read the whole thread, there is no confusion.
@_date: 2012-09-30 05:03:52
Typically, what we see are landlords revisiting this policy post-implementation. As other have said, it's morally unjust to take advantage of "free" electricity in this manner. Cheap electricity, however, like where I live, is ripe for targeting.
@_date: 2012-10-08 13:56:51
Buy *some* Bitcoin and hold, wait for the price/difficulty to settle post-ASIC and then sell coin to purchase new miners or use cash to buy them. There's no reason to pre-order if you have trust issues, but I do find it kind of surprising all your posts have been hostile. Some of us have dealt with ngzhang and own several Icarus. BFL has shown that, from a customer-relations angle, they don't even come close to ngzhang.
@_date: 2012-08-20 17:01:23
I'm still trying to figure out how 500k coins dropped on the blockchain isn't going to result in a price decrease beyond what we've already seen.
@_date: 2019-04-15 22:03:29
Until a prize address is revealed showing that the puzzle is run by someone with $1 million in crypto assets, it's pointless to work on this, IMHO. It sounds like, due to the people involved, it could be legit, but they should confirm such an address exists first.
@_date: 2012-09-05 21:48:14
I think the huge tipoff it is a scam attempt is that extortion is typically done privately. You *don't* want other people to know about it because you want the person to actually pay. By doing this publicly you are basically saying you don't want money, because no one is going to publicly provide Bitcoin, especially since Bitcoin isn't really anonymous. The only reason you would do it publicly is if you are doing a bounty for new software or something, because then no one would pay the bounty privately and they would want everyone to know so that if you didn't follow through and release the software, they can prove you were scamming.
Also, the second biggest tipoff is that there is a public address for releasing the documents early. No real extortion attempt would have that option, but a scam definitely would. This is either the stupidest extortion attempt in the world, an engineered "false flag" against Bitcoin, or a dumb scam that makes the guys on Bitcointalk seem like professional grifters.
@_date: 2012-07-24 17:55:01
I'd ask a non-challenging "Source?" except that this always comes up and MagicalTux never verifies even though it'd be in his best interest to do so.
@_date: 2012-06-25 21:19:52
It's worse, mining ROI will approach infinity very quickly. I think we'll see an ROI of 50 years within 2 months of the first ASIC.
@_date: 2012-09-04 05:37:14
I agree with you, but there was far too much invested in this bad idea for us to ignore it. We want smart Bitcoiners, not people who think of Bitcoin as a "get rich quick" scheme.
@_date: 2012-06-28 21:01:22
As Bitpay gets more Bitcoin from Butterfly Labs, they have to sell it so BFL can afford to do their ASIC run. As they can't sell it without drastically affecting the price, they put up large ask walls instead.
The irony here is that BFL can't do its ASIC run till it has the money, but if it gets the money to do an ASIC run the price is ultimately going to run upwards because of all the artificial downward pressure. Like putting the cap back on the bottle of soda and agitating it, then taking the cap back off. 
FPGA and GPU miners are about to see one of the biggest runs in a very long time. I feel horrible for all the suckers that put down payments on BFL devices.
@_date: 2012-06-25 14:31:48
Except it doesn't make sense, the EFF primarily deals with the law. It should probably be their prerogative to find out if something that increases Internet freedom is legal.
@_date: 2012-08-20 17:24:41
Single point of failure, single point of attack for a government wanting to shut it down.
@_date: 2012-06-25 21:24:06


I keep reading this, but I still don't understand why people keep saying that...
So a more secure Bitcoin protected by hundreds of terahash rates of thousands of ASIC miners has less value than a Bitcoin secured by a few gigahash of networked CPUs?
@_date: 2012-06-28 20:51:38
Bitinstant does Dwolla to MtGox for 2% if you never figure it out. Also, asking for technical support is likely to get you somewhere you don't want to be. You should be asking Dwolla directly.
@_date: 2012-10-08 13:43:06
There's healthy skepticism, and then there's whatever it is you're doing.
@_date: 2016-09-12 13:55:21
I understand this is supposed to be funny, but there's really no difference between posts like this, actual technical analysis, and the crap posts going "OMG $700!" or links to imgur of the Bitcoin symbol and a moon. They're pointless, go make these kinds of posts on I can see getting into a discussion on technicals within comments but to have it be the point of the post and to have it be sarcasm shows that this sub upvotes some really weird and pointless things.
@_date: 2016-09-20 20:37:37
People could argue a one-ounce gold piece is a unit of account in some cases. Some countries, for example, price oil in gold or silver. The standard that one gallon of gas is typically equal to 1/10th the price of silver still holds since the 1970s and probably even before that except during "corners" or other major economic events. The one ounce of gold equalling the price of a nice suit, pants, belt, and shoes has held up for 100 years as well.
What does this mean for Bitcoin? Could be that countries and large banks could use it to price certain other commodities while Bitcoin itself remains as elusive as gold and silver do to the average person.
@_date: 2012-08-15 18:13:40
This. I had $2k locked by them at one point. Was the stupidest thing ever and their response was even stupider.
@_date: 2012-09-12 18:52:39
I actually was thinking about this the other day and this isn't exactly true. You could use Paypal and have a system that basically does distributed escrowing. Obviously Paypal wouldn't be the best mechanism to do this, but you would essentially use a VPS/Paypal account to run an automated escrow service that moved money till it got to the person that was performing the transaction.
I'll try to explain it step-by-step:
1. Person A wants to buy Bitcoin with USD
2. Person B wants to sell Bitcoin for USD.
3. Person A and B make accounts with System C. (Perhaps better called [Agent]( C)
4. Person A gives bank account info to Agent C.
5. Person B give Paypal info to Agent C.
6. Person A verifies bank account with Agent C, which created a new Paypal account with their bank info.
7. Person B sends Bitcoin to Agent C.
8. Agent C then does ACH withdrawal for the transaction amount and verifies with Paypal.
9. Person A then confirms Bitcoin transaction with Agent C and Person B (Human element to remove bot error)
10. Person B then confirms USD transaction with Agent C and Person A (Human element to remove bot error)
11. After verification, both accept transfers; Agent C performs them. The new Paypal password goes to Person B, the Bitcoin to Person A.
Again, I cannot reiterate that Paypal would NOT be the best mechanism, but it is the easier to understand what I'm describing because everyone already uses it. Such a system could potentially exist with *any* online banking or money transfer entity: Dwolla, Paypal, Liberty Reserve, etc. The Agents performing the transactions would only need to reside on a good VPS, not be hacked/hackable, and they could slowly gain trust with confidence transfers in the $20 range before moving up to $100 and later $1000 transactions. The best run Agents would gradually rise to the top. Later on you could "chain" transactions between Agents that you trust or run yourself for extra security/obscurity.
With the right software, every Bitcoiner that has Dwolla/Paypal could potentially become a trusted agent, and we'd have a form of digital Hawala or remittance that would easily become "best-in-the-world" status overnight.
@_date: 2012-08-21 15:05:14
Relax, it's just a table issue. The smf_sessions table sometimes gets corrupted, especially on high traffic forums. There might have been an issue on the server side that caused it to get corrupted.
@_date: 2012-08-20 13:50:05
Verified. I just did it and did a google search and found this reddit post, I was trying to figure out what it said, I hadn't even stopped by reddit yet today.
@_date: 2012-10-29 23:04:52
Not to cause you to consider this by itself, but there are a certain number of my friends that have Bitcoin that would drop quite a few on anything indy, like indy games or indy music "just because". They follow the latest trends and when they hear about a new VPS they can buy, they go purchase one and set up a Minecraft server using Bitcoins they have lying around. I've actually used Bitcoin to trade personal loans with friends and family in this manner, and the coin they end up getting from me gets spent on little things like this from time to time.
@_date: 2012-08-17 16:13:22
You don't have to worry. There are several of us that realize Silk Road is probably the single biggest reason people want Bitcoin, even if we don't participate in it. In the meantime, everyone using the system is making the early adopters wealthier, but yeah, if Silk Road closes or goes down, it'll be a huge blow to the price.
@_date: 2012-07-16 15:10:52
Well, it's about to get even more difficult with hidden service support.
@_date: 2012-08-21 15:24:33
Out of curiosity, what was your order number and when did you order?
I've successfully gotten 5 Icarus to mine off a Raspberry Pi, but I found it works better for me to to just run them off of my OpenWRT router directly (less chance of error, single point of failure) and use the Pi for other things.
It will definitely be feasible to run a Jalapeno off of a Pi at some point, it just might be a bit of time before CGMiner and other software can support it. You'll probably be better served mining with their custom software, even if you have to pay their fees and deal with their variance.
@_date: 2012-06-26 00:09:57
If we can stop a government from doing a 51% attack, I think Bitcoin will have succeeded. Until then, it's still one of the primary drivers for demand.
@_date: 2012-10-11 18:44:30
Litecoins are the silver to the Bitcoin digital currency gold.
@_date: 2018-11-09 21:14:25
That's a pretty close replica. I'm sure with the tweaking they can do today they can mimic the Semper Augustus, which is why orchids are more highly coveted than even "Sempur Augustus"-like tulips.
@_date: 2019-04-19 22:32:23
It's actually [a picture from 2017 that was posted here on Reddit]( The pictures of the two pizzas (for 10k in total) were posted by laszlo himself on [the BitcoinTalk Forums]( on May 22nd, 2010.
EDIT: Fixed the price so it didn't look weird and linked directly to the forum post.
@_date: 2012-09-05 20:33:57


Yeah, you're right, Hollywood's impression of what a hacker is has definitely not really changed over the years.
I still think Sneakers was the last movie to "do it right", ie, make real technology a huge part of the plot.
@_date: 2012-08-21 14:39:21
The bids are EXTREMELY thin for this to be a "floor". This is someone who wants to sell and is building fake support with walls. Then he takes them down and sells into the suckers that put up bids around his walls. He is fully in control of the price right now, but the problem is, he's also got an account on Bitcointalk.org and IRC and we know who he is and where his lives (Dallas, Texas).
@_date: 2012-08-02 17:01:36
Everyone knew "Bitcoin Bubble" last May/June because it went from $.75 to $12 to $30 in like six months. This time Bitcoin has went from what seemed like a stable $4.50 or so to $9 in those same six months. This is hardly a bubble, it's just very profitable to mine right now. This could very easily be just miners factoring in the block reward halving this December, and not being willing to sell at these lower prices.
@_date: 2016-09-06 19:47:10
Well, that's a fair question. I don't know that any actually exist. [FEE]( is the closest thing to one I can think of which I do actually donate to, but aside from [Ver's large donation to them a few years ago]( I'm not sure if they have Bitcoin support right now to do bigger lobbying on behalf of cryptocurrencies.
There's also [IEA]( but I think they have more of a broad scope and don't do active lobbying. I think we need to change actual laws here, and if exchanges even made small efforts in this direction, I think it could have a dramatic effect.
@_date: 2012-12-11 02:50:19
A while back someone posted something like this but it was a series of clips on Youtube from a cryptography course. I've lost this link. Does anyone have it?
EDIT: NM, found it: 
@_date: 2012-12-28 22:01:12
This was a wallet address. Not only that, but it was an *anonymous wallet address*. Roger still has access to the tool as well, though it's features have been slightly crippled, someone could still use it to verify a user owns a specific wallet address.
@_date: 2012-10-04 21:02:38
I'd elaborate to "Math" and universal agreement. If the majority of clients stop agreeing that there are only 21 million Bitcoins, then the answer of "Math" is no longer sufficient.
@_date: 2012-10-30 15:04:02
As far as we know, this has already been happening.
@_date: 2012-07-27 14:32:22
I would highly recommend making a Dwolla account, taking a full week to get your money transferred into the system, then charging a 1.5% fee to miners to trade your Dwolla money for MtGox USD. They will pay it. In fact, I'm starting to get the the impression they may pay up to 3% for the service, quite honestly.
Verify via forum posts that they are legit, but it looks like several are posting here:
@_date: 2012-07-25 18:16:56
Those who would be investing in FPGA or ASIC are realizing the profits they could have by buying instead, IMHO.
@_date: 2012-06-23 04:42:36
No, because I won't verify my real identity right now. You won't see a press release from me for BFL again, we had a disagreement.
@_date: 2015-07-23 00:08:38
I first mined in 2010, so my opinion might be somewhat relevant.
Unlike others, I'm quite certain one fork will NOT survive. I'm not 100% sure which one that will be, but XT will have to win buy building consensus, and it can't look like one person is dictating the direction of XT, or node operators (or at least, those like myself) will never switch. It'd also be nice to know what the growth rate is going to be, so node operators can plan for space requirements.
It still bugs me that blockchain size is seen as imperative to implement when there are governments requiring coin validation (KYC/AML) and oppressing users because of it. If Hearn/Gavin could implement zero-knowledge proofs, I'd switch tomorrow. Right now I really have no incentive.
At least the Blockstream guys are talking about sidechains and [other ways]( of implementing privacy and securing Bitcoin's fungibility. I get the impression that Hearn/Gavin are hell-bent on ensuring the fungibility aspect dies as soon as possible.
@_date: 2018-11-09 15:40:02
Not to mention, a [Semper Augustus]( if available today, would likely be worth at least 1.8 million dollars. That's the tulip that was worth the value of a medium-sized house at the height of tulip mania. A few ultra rare orchids sold today are worth the price of mansions, however.
People always forget to mention these things when they talk about the tulip mania. The "mania" still exists, it's just shifted to rare orchids, instead. I realize that part of the problem was the nascent futures markets that the Dutch were still experimenting with, but it's hard to say that scarce items aren't going to have an extremely high markup whether it's Semper Augustus in the 1600s or orchids in the 2000s.
@_date: 2012-12-17 21:17:11
There's a difference between practical and practical by your typical user. That's why zero-day double-spend exploits aren't a huge threat **at the moment**.
@_date: 2012-08-20 17:02:41
Dead cat bounce right now, not sure where it will end up when the duped folks get their coin back and start selling.
@_date: 2012-07-17 13:45:25
International wires at most banks cost $50ish or so a lot of the time. The biggest reason to wire would be the time element, however.
@_date: 2018-03-20 18:22:23
This is right. I think scalability was the major problem. There has always been a desire to make transactions more anonymous, even going back to a few Bitcointalk posts about zk proofs (zk-SNARK for example) and Coin-Join in 2012-2013. It wasn't until Schnorr and MAST came around that it seemed it'd be possible to make transactions anonymous in a *scalable way*.
@_date: 2012-12-29 23:56:26
Ever ponder why someone would use an account with no ties to their real Bitcoin identity to criticize what he's doing? I know who he is and because I had used Blockchain.info he could retaliate so I am doing this semi-anon. It's horribly wrong what he did. I'm sorry you don't see that, but when he pulls a Matthew and abuses his clout, you will.
@_date: 2016-09-27 13:54:11
This is the best ELI5 I can get you. As with most things Bitcoin, it's more ELI10, though.
Gemini is a Bitcoin exchange owned by the Winklevoss twins who at one point were suspected of owning approximately 100k-125k of Bitcoins. They have been trying to get an Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) approved by the US Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) for the last two (and nearly three) years.
Much speculation about the ETF has happened lately, however it is believed that as part of the requirements for ETF creation, they are required to prove that the underlying commodity has the kind of volatility and volume they claim it has to regulators, and have thus been doing auctions of coin to measure things like level of impact, volatility, and volume.
It is believed that the ETF is imminent, though crypto-currencies being what they are, that could still mean months or years when it comes to regulators.
@_date: 2012-08-06 01:04:52
I love that the thumbnail Reddit chose was bitpop's avatar. :P
@_date: 2018-11-21 15:57:56
20% of $1.5 Million would mean a crash back down to ~$300k if the "losing 80% value" part after every bubble holds true.
@_date: 2012-09-27 23:35:38
So we've got the WSJ and The Economist with neutral stories on Bitcoin, just need Financial Times and we've hit the trifecta, folks. Not to mention that Forbes has a regular columnist who comments and follows Bitcoin and virtual currencies in general.
@_date: 2018-11-06 22:46:43
I can't speak for the other precious metals, but gold and silver mining are massively automated today compared to yesteryear. I wouldn't be surprised if the jobs from the massive supermining datacenters of two dozen people getting less than US minimum wage in China aren't similar to the two dozen people mining silver or gold getting less than US minimum wage in some South American or African country.
Keep in mind we have reality shows set in the middle of Alaska or Canada with 2-3 man operations finding gold under ice that are similar to the 2-3 man operations running a medium-sized mining datacenter. Both groups make enough to justify it as a hobby.
It's actually a pretty similar comparison, especially if you include the power required to run all the buildings and banks and centers of the massive USD financial complex right now. It's at least in the Billions of USD.
@_date: 2018-03-06 16:41:00
And I prefer to just be free.
"I would rather be exposed to the inconveniencies attending too much liberty than those attending too small a degree of it." -- Thomas Jefferson to Archibald Stuart, Philadelphia Dec. 23. 1791.
@_date: 2018-03-17 04:02:30


This. This is the problem. One set of laws for you, and one set of laws for them.
“All animals are equal, but some animals are more equal than others.” -- Animal Farm.
@_date: 2012-07-06 15:43:58
I think net-neutrality is most often discussed by people who have no idea what it means. As a principle it's a good thing to strive for, but as a LAW? No way.
We have to do packetshaping and put different priorities on different types of bandwidth in order to provide customers with a usable product. Whenever I hear about people talking about making net neutrality a law I cringe a little inside, because it's quite clear they have no idea what goes into making the Internet a usable medium.
@_date: 2018-11-21 16:09:52
I bought a decent amount of coin at $240 a month or two after that as it started to recover and remember being worried that we might yet revisit $150 (or lower) before the end of 2015. Then Oct/Nov 2015 came and we had our first big bubble in years and I was convinced the bull market was back again.
@_date: 2018-03-09 21:06:47
The most successful criminals in politics accuse their opposition of the crimes they themselves commit. Why would the most successful criminals in finance do anything different?
@_date: 2012-08-13 14:31:24
Hoarding in some respects refers to miners who do not want to sell at present prices because they anticipate higher future prices or want to sell at a premium in order to make a better return on investment (ROI).
I swear when looking at current prices everyone is "doing it wrong". The speculation subform seems to think that technicals matter, but what really matters when it comes to supply is Bitcoin Days Destroyed and miner ROI. If BDD ever massively increases or miner ROI massively decreases, there will be considerable selling pressure.
I guess this is the difference between price inflation and monetary inflation, though.
@_date: 2018-03-09 15:31:12
I thought it was more like of the ~770k they thought were stolen/lost only ~220k were recovered, actually. Either way, though, you were close enough.
@_date: 2016-09-13 21:03:54


It's also important to note that even when Bitcoin was in the $2-3 range before that first big run up in 2011, you could see the effect that buying with just $500-$2k had on the price from time to time. I remember that Gox had dark pools in early 2011 and there was someone who put a huge sale at around $1.25 or so that stood for a very long period of time before the price started tumbling back down to the $0.65 range. I made one of my first purchases during that fall, but like anyone else at the time, we never knew how crazy it was going to get, so we all bought and sold along the way.
It's easy for the OP to wonder and look back in hindsight and say, "Where are all the people who bought and held?" Well, the answer is, some of us did, but most of us held only what we were comfortable with, and others of us took our profits just like anyone else in the nascent alt-coin markets do today. We weren't even sure exchanges would exist to sell on in two or three years, let alone where the prices would be. Some of us bought alpaca socks just because they were available and it was cool to say we bought something with a crypto-currency. Holding made some sense, but wasn't the best part of Bitcoin. The part I really liked was that many of the people I was talking with were both intelligent and politically like-minded where it came to the role of money. Though we did have our fair share of disagreements, too!
The only real difference today from back then with regards to scale is that the number of people who could have been "whales" was a lot smaller and the volatility was much greater. We all argued about the direction of the currency, its true viability, and had arguments over mining and mining configurations/software/pools back then as well. I remember pools in particular being something that we argued was somewhere between disturbing and inevitable.
@_date: 2012-10-08 13:45:52
I am also not getting the newsletters I think. What email address are they supposed to be coming from?
@_date: 2018-11-09 15:43:32


Sadly, the [Semper Augustus]( no longer exists.
@_date: 2019-01-09 17:35:10


Suppose you were to find your grandfather had a mint-condition 1880 $4 Coiled Hair Stella in a random coin collection he had inherited from his grandfather and just held onto. How would you sell it? It's worth ~$1-3 million, but where would you actually go to sell it?
My guess is that similar to auction houses today and other high net worth services, there will be Bitcoin high net worth services as well that will be more than happy to help your grandchildren recover your Bitcoin. Prior to giving these services the seed words, your grandkids will consult with a lawyer, make agreements, get insurers involved, and etc.
There will be stories every couple years of someone finding a bunch of Bitcoin, so the processes involved for treasure finders will be pretty well known, someone will be able to help them without even needing to know the seed words.
@_date: 2018-03-09 15:57:27
I did not create this. I am only sharing it. People are being banned from certain subs for sharing this link. Users have a right to know what is being sold and trade accordingly.
@_date: 2012-09-04 17:37:02
The white paper goes into it by explaining catching a frisbee. It's extremely easy to do, but the math behind it is complex. Theoretically everyone has to account for spin of the disc, wind, etc. Instead though, humans and dogs both merely try to keep the frisbee within plane of view, which is how we can anticipate what will happen with it.
Bitcoin can potentially be similarly simple, and for many of us that follow difficulty increases and watch Bitcoin Days Destroyed, it is. As long as you don't leave your money in it for very long, you can transfer a large amount across the world with it.
@_date: 2016-09-27 18:02:06
I'm starting to think I prefer the term they used for the Japanese banks. [Zombie banks](
No one wants to deposit anything of value because the next crisis might take out another bank but we have these banks that are over-staffed and essentially propped up by government, not their own customer's deposits. Think of how your bank fees have went up over the years. Why do you still store money with them? Wait till they stop experimenting with "blockchain technology" and just start accumulating underlying coin.
Our industry is going to be the next bubble, IMHO, it's just not "assetized" yet. I know some of you are prone to thinking bankers are going to co-opt Bitcoin and not the other way around, but in reality the biggest financial institutions are just waiting to see what the government deems OK first. The Gemini ETF will be a sign to more than one major institution that the government is serious about crypto-currencies being viable asset-classes. Wait for the reaction after it drops and remember you heard it here first.
And contrary to what you may think, I'm not trying to "pump" but we shouldn't ignore what is happening. **The combination of the Western finance industry being ripe for a new asset-class, tons of corporations sitting on cash, and underlying changes like segregated witness and lightning networks to the premiere crypto-currency is something to be excited about.**
Don't invest what you cannot afford to lose.
@_date: 2018-11-01 14:38:33
This is my small jab at the "Blockchain not Bitcoin" folks.
@_date: 2018-03-05 16:06:55
This is not real **and** it's an old article even if it was real. Seriously guys, wtf?
@_date: 2012-08-13 15:34:48
I imagine a movie that starts out with a late 3am phone call to the male/female lead, a CIA agent saying, "The Whitmore kidnapping money has moved." Cut to the agent presenting to superiors about a kidnapping that went wrong 3 years ago and how they need to find the bastard behind it. They then track the receiving address to a local money launderer in Dubai, get a location, confront a muscled sidekick of the kidnapper, have a riveting fight hanging from a helicopter, and later on a really daring chase scene involving Alpacas. Also, a surprise ending points to a MtGox vice president of marketing or something as the real mastermind, setting up for the sequel.
Coming to theaters July 2017.
@_date: 2018-03-21 16:47:06
Ding Ding Ding! We have a winner!
The stuff folks put up with the national banks doing to them is ridiculous. Many of them charge you money to store money with them. Many of them "activate" overcharging for you without your authorization. Why do you feel safe using them?
The Federal Reserve has said that if another crisis happens they are going to [make the creditors and shareholders pay for it](
The top eight banks in the US do not have enough cash on hand to handle even 6% of their creditors withdrawing money all at once. Couple this with the creditors bailing-in and the fact that when bail-ins have occurred in the past that money isn't even available to the **insured** creditors for sometimes months at a time. What do you think is going to happen when they fail? Do you think that just because your money is insured you are going to be able to access it without problem?
@_date: 2018-03-21 17:27:06
This is also correct. The top eight banks own $11 trillion in assets and $4 trillion in raw derivatives while the FDIC only has enough money to cover ~$55 billion in losses.
Source: ([Thomas Hoenig, Vice-Chair of the FDIC]( 
@_date: 2019-01-04 18:28:42
You are correct that it has not been really challenged and what few cases have come close seem unfavorable to my viewpoint, but they involved actual criminals. I'm not so sure it would be as clear cut if done intentionally.
If someone violated a KYC/AML law intentionally under the auspices that it was a violation of their 4th amendment rights with absolutely no link to money laundering or a crime then none of the excuses would apply and it's be just about the pure intent of the law itself. I'm not sure how much it would cost to take a case like that all the way, but I would not be surprised if it happens at some point in the next 20 years because China is positioning itself to be the next safe haven for assets that the US was in the previous century. The US will only be able to compete on a global scale (and the banks on an international scale) if they get rid of KYC/AML and make the country feel like a safe tax haven (for foreigners) again.
@_date: 2012-10-30 14:57:26
Amazon could support Bitcoin if Internet taxes end up taking place. To a certain extent, I'm not entirely unconvinced Satoshi and others didn't see the inevitably of this and that's why they took the "mine and hold" strategy that they did.
Honestly though, what we really need is a service like "BitInstant" that works on the consumer end. In other words, a site that converts cash to coin automagically and on the spot.
@_date: 2018-11-21 20:22:19
[Jercos]( handled the trade, per the Bitcoin wiki.
@_date: 2018-11-28 17:31:20
Exactly, people seem to think there were a lot of investors that purchased above $15k when it was above that value for a short period of time. 
Most of those were traders, algorithms, or bots who subsequently sold a lot at that period to each other and other folks that have long since sold as well. 
The number of actual investors who bought above $15k and are still holding today must be low. Many probably didn't even invest a ton at that amount if they were investing.
That's not to say that some poor person didn't buy at the high and lose a ton of their savings in the process. I'm sure there are a handful that did, in fact, but I'm hoping they are the kind that are just new to saving and can start growing their net worth over time by Dollar Cost Averaging.
@_date: 2018-03-29 15:38:44


If it was unequivocally good, cryptos with built-in scarcity wouldn't be as popular as they are today and would have never gained popularity either.
Sure, it is good for "divisibility" reasons and good for "medium of exchange" reasons, but inflation, especially of the kind of most fiat currencies today, is massively dismissive of the "store of value" aspect of money.
This isn't being pedantic, either, my point is that we can't just hand-wave away the "sound money" folks or the gold-bugs when there are now glaring examples of better "store of value" money that is not only popular but in some cases also superior to fiat in the present age.
We cannot keep acting like the Federal Reserve or the IMF are without their faults. There may be room for different types of money in the future and I don't think either of them necessarily think it's a bad thing, either, as they've seemingly grown to accept that cryptos have their benefits, too.
@_date: 2018-03-29 15:15:03
Even if you don't use it right now, this is a post worth upvoting, btw. Solutions like this are essential stepping stones for those with significant coin that needs secured prior to on-chain fungibility solutions that could come from Confidential Transactions/Bulletproofs. Even after on-chain solutions exist, there is always going to be some privacy benefits from having your own nodes that you and your friends/family can use, so educate yourself on running a full node today.
@_date: 2016-09-20 22:13:35


Well, but it does, it's just that a certain type of person considers it money, not you. There are a lot of us that do though, enough of us that it matters, even if it's a niche group.


I think it's because there's a type of person who believes and invests in old money that simply doesn't care if newer people use it or everyone as a whole. They are the same type that, as I mentioned above, and believe I'm a part of, really take issue with this idea that because a million people aren't using Bitcoin regularly every day that it is not money yet. I think it is money, it's certainly a medium of exchange and I've done hundreds of exchanges of it over the last five years.
They are mostly hostile to new people who want it used everywhere, because these could end up being the same sorts of people that would argue for big blocks or possibly even argue to debase the currency by changing the algorithm in order to make it "more popular" at some point in the future. That's probably another reason why they are resistant to change.
@_date: 2018-03-30 19:00:47


You say this, but some of us had our first purchases in 2011 and we've already seen posts like yours two, three, maybe even fifty times before. :/
My favorite Facebook post is a comment from an old college buddy telling me in early Summer 2011, "Isn't Bitcoin just one of those get-rich-quick schemes?"
@_date: 2016-09-12 16:20:58
If you are an investor, never put more than 3-5% of your total net worth into Bitcoin (and if it grows you don't have to average out of your position just because it doubled) at any one point in time. If you don't know your net worth, **you should not be investing in Bitcoin**.
If you are employed or not an investor, do small amounts per month over time. Consider your total take home after mortgage, taxes, insurance, utilities, etc and all other allocated costs. If you do not have a number for this or have never calculated this, **you should not be investing in Bitcoin**.
Use an exchange by first transferring $100-500 (stay under whatever amount you need to avoid gift taxes) from your bank to the exchange and purchasing. If you do not see any "funny business", continue working with that exchange. Do not leave your coins in the exchange, purchase a hardware wallet like Trezor or Ledger, or use a multi-sig wallets. One PC-based one that I would recommend is CoPay. Bonus points if you install it on 3 different operating systems and set up a multi-sig wallet across all three. This is not for the faint of heart which is why there is a Trezor or Ledger option listed. If you cannot afford a hardware wallet or are not technically saavy to set up a secure multi-sig wallet, **you should not be investing in Bitcoin**.
@_date: 2019-01-31 21:22:14
The financial crisis of 2008 showed us the government will bail out criminals hiding behind financial and custodial legalese because the people were conditioned to trust banks.
MtGox wasn't bailed out by the government, nor is there a need for the government to bail out any exchange. Return custody to the people and the astute will handle their own finances while the lazy fools will leave their money in exchanges that get compromised.
@_date: 2019-01-31 21:49:23


Yes. A [time traveler from the future]( came back and told us we will be living in citadels. Whether he deleted his original post, or the "powers that be" removed it for him, I still consider his story to be [canon](
EDIT: Found a copy [here](
@_date: 2018-03-17 03:56:47
Have you spoken to BurtW and/or gotten [his story]( It's similarly haunting.
@_date: 2016-09-27 13:36:20
They needed to see what kind of an impact on price they could have and measure how fast inventory would fill. It's a requirement of most ETFs to show the market is as liquid as they claim it is to regulators.
@_date: 2018-03-13 21:28:38


To be fair to the original argument, though, FarmVille was designed to be as addictive as any drug.
EDIT: And it's possible there *were* exchanges for cash into "FarmBucks" similar to the WoW Gold Farmers.
@_date: 2018-03-02 00:19:40
First off, you linked to an article about intrinsic value for options markets. The one you wanted was [this one](
Secondly, there is no intrinsic value of any particular good. This can be disproven with two examples and some rational thinking:
1. You are drowning. What is the intrinsic value of water?
2. You are dying of thirst in a desert. What is the intrinsic value of water?
In both instances, you are on a path towards death either due to an abundance or lack of water. No price short of death would be too great. In fact, you might be willing to part with an arm or a leg to either get rid of or obtain water.
While these are extreme examples, the people who believe in intrinsic value think there is some overarching value that can be figured out for any commodity at any given point in time based on the entirety of the world's opinion of water's value. Even if such a feat could somehow be calculated, it would almost immediately be different by the time the value was calculated. With this ever shifting value of all goods and services, how does one say "but this specific time it is intrinsic?" Or "but this specific amount is intrinsic?" 
The simply answer is that we cannot, which is why the theory of intrinsic value isn't supported by anyone serious today.
* [Paradox of Value](
* [Subjective theory of value](
* [Marginal utility](
* [Carl Menger](
@_date: 2012-08-17 18:32:27
@_date: 2016-09-06 16:26:36
What sorts of monetary freedom lobbies does Coinbase donate money to in order to combat a hyperactive and anti-privacy FinCEN?
@_date: 2019-01-09 19:56:56
Thanks, I did put a little effort into thinking about it as a serious case. I would encourage anyone who is leaving coin in safety deposit boxes or safes to include a paper expressing the importance of getting legal assistance for selling to the non-technically inclined as well as the importance of keeping the seed words secret till fail-safes are in place and someone both technically-inclined and insured or bonded is given the opportunity to look at the seed words to retrieve the wealth for your heirs.
@_date: 2016-09-29 15:43:47


We pretty much know he's a fraud at this point.
Here's [my timeline of events]( that explain how we know it is a fraud.
He was essentially caught using a backdated key that was fraudulently assigned to the GMX email. We know he owns the private key for this public key that was intentionally backdated. That means the burden of proof for showing someone is Satoshi is lower for nearly everyone else in the entire world EXCEPT Craig Wright right now.
@_date: 2018-03-09 14:06:37
This is not true. There were tons of different scammers on the forums and some bitcoiners even hunted down their identities and exposed them. Can you provide even an example of one case where one exposed scammer was responsible for more than one scam?
EDIT: I'm sure it's possible that this was the case with a few of them, but it was tiny double-digit amounts of BTC that they scammed and even a few sold immediately afterwards, but it certainly wasn't the most common outcome. Most scammers would just get exposed and move on to something else.
@_date: 2012-12-28 22:06:44
He also gives everyone his first and last name and invites lawsuits if anyone is ripped off.
@_date: 2012-09-04 17:42:30
What about elliptic-curve? That's my main concern. I've heard Shor's algorithm works on it.
@_date: 2018-03-29 20:13:21
You haven't refuted that cryptos with scarcity are, in fact, popular today. You could argue that their failure is imminent or even state that ten or twenty years from now they will fail, but that doesn't explain why they have a value today, which means that "inflation isn't unequivocally good" is still a legitimate point. If it was required for good money, then Bitcoin wouldn't have been possible to begin with. You made fine points, many I would agree with in your recent comment, but you haven't proven that non-inflationary money cannot work. Both Gold and Bitcoin stand as proof otherwise, regardless of waxing or waning popularity, they both remain in use as money. Inflation simply cannot be a unequivocal good.
While you can argue that adoption isn't "widely adopted" enough, that's a very hard point to make to someone like me, who made their first purchase of Bitcoin in 2011. To me, Bitcoin has succeeded, beyond my wildest dreams, in fact. While I thought I was getting into an experimental currency that may or may not have value, its success has changed my life and I use it, even as a currency, today.
That's what I mean about the "hand-waving" of advocates of sound money. In a unique experiment over the last nine years, we have an example of a currency that, for all intents and purposes, has succeeded despite fiat previously being seen as the only alternative. Fiat may well hold its reign as the primary alternative for quite some time, too, but gold and metal-based coins still have a 6,000 year record whereas globally-dominant fiat has been in use in Western history arguably since the 11th to 13th century in Italy, then Portugal, then Spain, then the Netherlands, then France, then England and finally the US and -- just now or perhaps very soon -- China.
So 6,000 years vs. ~800 years vs. 9 years. All three of them money. All three with their various attributes that make them good money, but all three of them in wide enough use that they are unlikely to go away at this point. Inflation make fiat stand out, but it doesn't mean that Gold and Bitcoin are bad money.
@_date: 2012-12-18 02:51:09
Yeah, but this was more like a proof-of-concept, and it was expensive and carried some risk. You'd have to know that you were always going to make more back than you lost, and you'd definitely lose whatever you added/used in transaction fees.
@_date: 2019-01-18 17:17:10
This might be something you only get after being in crypto for several years, but BCH actually tends to serve a very specific purpose: it helps to weed out get-rich-quick types and the easily-duped from existing on the BTC network. I've went back and forth on it over the last year and a half, mostly because I didn't like that the network was being "split" at the time and I certainly didn't like the tactics that BCH advocates used. Over the last year as folks have realized that BCH was a handful of people's attempt at a side project, however, it's now settling into a role as a gateway currency for low-information users.
Cryptocurrency users should be aware that when they hear about "Bitcoin" on the news, and some new high it has hit or some new thing it achieved, or milestone it has passed, they are getting media-controlled propaganda. This leads to events like December 2017 when the prices of both were at all-time highs and it was the worst time to buy either, giving the general public a negative view of Bitcoin over the last year. But BCH buyers expecting the moon and not getting it have a negative view of not Bitcoin, but BCH itself. I'm glad those users were not Bitcoin users from the beginning.
The actual best times to buy the real Bitcoin are times like now, when no one is really talking about it and you have to actively seek out information and learn on your own about Bitcoin and what it can do. It's during these information lulls that a coin like BCH helps cull the get-rich-quick types who aren't willing to put in the research to learn about the real differences between BTC and BCH. 
BTC wants to serve as a solution to centrally-controlled currencies, but due to its scarcity, it is likely to operate like any other commodity (gold, silver, etc.) and go through cycles of people putting an extremely high emphasis on its store-of-value capabilities. By having a "gateway currency" that culls low-information users such as a BCH that actually put a greater emphasis on medium-of-exchange than store-of-value, it prevents those cycles from having more extreme peaks and rightly places the blame on the users' own profound lack of understanding of money.
EDIT: Thank you for the gold.
@_date: 2019-01-10 18:09:08
The thing is, I'm not sure Hal would have written a whitepaper like that, though. Hal's previous writings weren't like that from as far as we can tell, and [there is evidence of a lot of early technical talk between the two]( Hal would have had amazing insight to write fake emails to himself if he was really the author.
@_date: 2018-11-09 15:45:53
This is true, a [Semper Augustus]( today would fetch at least $1.8 million.
@_date: 2017-09-28 16:42:53
I think there's got to be a way to do an increase that doesn't just pick an arbitrary number and says, go for it. I was hoping that Bitcoin Days Destroyed would be a good way to do it, but nullc has made a really good explanation for why that's a bad idea. I still think there's a way to maybe use both a combo of BDD and either increased difficulty, proof-of-storage, or some other method to do it, but I'm waiting to see a good technical description that makes sense and is something everyone could get behind. Someone mentioned Spoonnet/Forcenet in another thread and I'm afraid I don't understand it enough. Both solutions look more like header increases, not really blocksize increases.
After seeing some proposals by theymos on the forum regarding hybrid PoS/PoW algorithms, it seems to me that we might need to introduce some sort of proof-of-processing and/or proof-of-storage medium to nodes to allow them to collect fees or generate an alt-coin in order to achieve some form of dynamic blocksize that doesn't let miners, node operators, and users bully each other around. But that breakthrough does not yet exist, so there's nothing serious being proposed yet. I suspect that it exists, we just don't know about it yet.
@_date: 2018-02-02 15:47:00
I'm doing what Mandelbrot did for the wool markets, so I do think both of them apply. More Brownian than chaos theory, but it's hard to not notice a correlation between deterministic chaos and commodities markets. 
@_date: 2018-03-06 22:45:04
I never welcomed them. There's a lot of people here that seem to love this "crypto-Dad" who is going to "crypto-screw them over" someday, though.
@_date: 2018-02-02 17:14:52


This isn't true. I agree with your sentiment, but it's important to note that Bitcoin did not have a fiat value till early 2010 when there were some early trades taking place in non-public locations (irc, forum pms, etc.) It wasn't till the famous pizza transaction that we had a public fiat value assigned, basically.
Also, the naysaying on Bitcoin's value didn't really get to be heavy till around 2011, when people were saying $2-3 dollars was too high and later when it went above $10 and higher they were also saying it was way overvalued. 
Of course, now that I say this, someone will find a post from 2010 where one guy says $0.50 was too high, but I guess the point is, it's a stronger argument to probably choose 2011 here as the time when "people were saying it was bubbling" or "people said it wouldn't go any higher". And to a certain extent, some of them were right, because it would take a very long time (late 2012/early 2013) before it did start going higher again.
@_date: 2018-03-05 16:09:29
Complain to if you want. Bitcoin miners use ASICs today, not GPUs.
@_date: 2018-03-06 22:48:22
If you are using a large national bank, stop.
Seriously, just don't even bother, they ban or block first and make you call them. If you use a credit union or a regional bank they will call you up and ask a few questions and then ask if you want to be on their board. :D
The stuff the rest of you guys tolerate from the national banks is beyond ridiculous, IMHO.
@_date: 2012-08-17 16:42:47
I imagine the suspected Iceland announcement has a lot to do with it.
@_date: 2018-03-31 11:38:43
You're right sort of, I do remember the price having increased prior to that, but I couldn't remember the exact amounts so I went back to look up the numbers. 
[This article]( helped. The price was nearly $5k a few weeks before (likely due to the UASF), but had been dropping from there to ~$4282 region on 9/11, the day prior to his statements (per BitcoinAverage). The day of the comment it had fallen to  $3944, the day after it kept falling to $3640, and then it ended up on that Thursday the 14th at 3433, which happened to be one of the top ten highest volume trading days in the last 365 day cycle and the lowest it would fall for the rest of the year.
I remember nearly a month later it was back in the mid-4000s and Dimon was already eating his words as several stories had come out poking fun at him and he was saying he wouldn't be commenting on Bitcoin again. The day he said he wouldn't be commenting on it any more it hit $5200. The graph in [this article]( is a pretty good timeline of his comments.
@_date: 2019-01-04 20:31:18
Well I would honestly temper your expectations. I'm a fan of it, too, and hold quite a bit, but you cannot ignore the sheer amount of inflation the coin is going to have here for the first major cycle (4 years) till the halvening.
@_date: 2018-02-13 18:22:49
Bitcoin is a networking system based on mathematically-fair principles  -- creating scarce units of account stored in a public ledger which have attributes similar to both traditional commodities and currencies -- and properties which make it applicable for creating contracts and other complex systems virtually which could be enforced physically.
@_date: 2018-03-20 21:08:28
-- Frédéric Bastiat, The Law
Good read, btw.
@_date: 2019-01-17 19:32:09
 &gt; Having such forethought about what it was, the applications it could have, and how that could translate into danger requiring anonymity from before you ever start... Basically unheard of.
Sadly, after seeing all the things that the government did to the Liberty Dollar and e-gold and etc, I think there was absolutely no way something like Bitcoin wasn't going to get off the ground without a fully anonymous author. Satoshi knew this.
@_date: 2018-02-26 16:48:35
[He said in an interview he mostly spent the money right away around the time they hit a total of $400 in value]( though he then goes on to talk about humble bundles and Steam purchases which weren't for a few years later.
My guess is that he did a lot of early spending as well, he may have bought some Alpaca socks, video cards, and might have even donated to Wikileaks, but doesn't want to explicitly say so. He also might have cashed them out for USD that he later reinvested back into Bitcoin at a higher value.
@_date: 2018-02-02 16:24:42
I'm not. I'd take fair volatility over unfair redistribution from the poor (taxpayers) to the rich (banksters) any day.
EDIT: this probably goes without saying, but I consider Bitcoin an asset-class, not a currency. It has some attributes that make it good money, but not always.
@_date: 2018-11-09 15:59:23
The other thing that is revolutionary is that this is done without using zSNARKs, meaning **a centralized trust is not needed**. In order to do a non-trusted exchange with older methods you'd have to use STARK which is resource-intensive. The fact that bulletproofs do not need trust or large amounts of resources is pretty huge when compared to these other cryptos that rely on these other methods.
@_date: 2018-02-02 22:38:52
We could argue who is to blame if we wanted, but I'm not really interested in that. I'm interested in the results. The fact is, bad banks run by bad management got bailed out by good hardworking Americans who were forced to give over their current and future prosperity to keep the jobs of the bad management in the bad banks. Failure of these banks and them losing their jobs would have been both preferable and wiser. Instead, we got [zombie banks]( that were still run by bad management.
Japan knows what the result of propping up failed banks is, look at their GDP to debt ratio, look at the loss of opportunity for their populace, their exceedingly excessive work hours, two lost decades, etc.
We (as Americans) chose the same path. We didn't have to. Again, I'd rather see volatility. Smart people can hedge against volatility and succeed. That is always going to be a superior alternative than subsidizing those who cannot.
@_date: 2018-11-15 16:25:58
The other thing that is odd is that while Craig was bilking the Australian tax office of millions of dollars with his fake claim of having created Bitcoin, he was nearly completely inactive on the forums with his non-Satoshi pseudonym (yes, he had one, no I'm not going to mention it yet) while the real Satoshi claimed to have moved on to other things.
It's not even clear that Craig knows certain things about early Satoshi that some of the rest of us do but have been purposely remaining quiet about. For example, Satoshi almost never got on IRC, but he did once. I wonder if Craig knows what his ident was when he did. Hell, I wonder if Craig even knows what an ident is without looking it up.
To a certain extent I'm glad that the BTC community wasn't duped by this charlatan, but I'm a bit disappointed that so many in the BCH community seemingly were duped by him.
@_date: 2019-01-08 00:08:30
It's unfortunate, because the users who most need this kind of information either don't have the time or don't make the time to watch a 34 minute video that could vastly expand their knowledge. :/
@_date: 2018-03-03 03:55:28
I don't consider myself an expert by any means, but IMHO it's more like a move from IDP/SPP (if anyone here remembers this) to IPX/SPX. Since it's dealing with addresses, though, it might be more like a move from whatever predated MAC addresses to MAC addresses which were used in both IDP and IPX communications.
Lightning itself is more like moving from IPX to IP, too. IPv4 to IPv6 may come years down the road. There might even be "Layer 3"-like solutions if Sidechains become popular.
@_date: 2019-01-04 17:40:45


I think my problem with the whole "we need stop money laundering to stop terrorism" aspects of KYC/AML is that the biggest funders of terrorism are actually nation states or the Military-Industrial-Financial Complexes of said nation states. They are all essentially using fiat fractional reserve banking to create and "lend" to their own governments for Defense, which is then laundered via black budgets to fund terrorists or "enemies of our enemy". 
In the west, we try to separate them as the "good terrorists" (freedom fighters) and the "bad terrorists", but even moderately-educated Americans realize this stuff is a farce. And worse, every so often, because many of these nation states all tend to look the other way at money laundering that looks like it's hurting "an enemy", a worse "bad terrorist" comes around to hurt them both because one ally thinks it can't trust another and funded that worse one to prove a point. Even worse than that, though, is when one department is fighting freedom fighters from a different department of the same country!
Americans aren't idiots. This KYC/AML stuff should be called out for what it is, a violation of our 4th amendment rights.
@_date: 2019-01-29 15:33:21
And he had this 100 BTC then and 100 BTC now, but supposedly sold 90k worth, so maybe another 10 BTC? So the TLDR is "OP went from 110 BTC to 100 BTC in the last hype cycle but still remains largely a holder."
I guess I don't think of it as missing out on fiat so much as losing crypto... but I'm a permabull. I think that due to scarcity, the long term value of something like BTC is impossible to valuate and essentially infinite. Just like the long-term value of any commodity tends to infinity. 
Even if one has a gold asteroid -- after hitting the market -- we will eventually see a bottom in prices, even if it's only $0.01 per ounce (or less). Over a long enough span of time, the market always bounces back in terms of fiat, it's the curse of fiat to inflate according to its government's desire and they are all addicted to spending.
@_date: 2019-01-18 18:00:56


I'm not an anarchist. I'm a minarchist who believes in a night-watchman state made up primarily of police and courts and very little else, but one thing that I strongly believe the government should have no control over is money. In [De Moneta]( Nicole Oresme put forth a very strong argument that the prince should not himself -- nor allow the moneychangers -- to debase the currency, as it was essentially the "people's money". In allowing for debasement, the state cheapens the relationship it has with its own people as a contract dispute resolver and weakens the economic strength of the whole. That matters more than the state sometimes realizes.
We are, in fact, seeing the repercussions of unsound monetary policy (and both a public and political elite that doesn't understand money) in the US with regards to our domestic and foreign policy issues right now. Several problems that exist would not have existed had we had sounder policy and a good step back to that would be to allow for a "people's money" such as Bitcoin to exchange hands without the collectibles or capital gains taxes. I'm not certain such a change would solve the wider foreign policy issues overnight, but it might serve to fix some domestic issues and help bring some wealth back into the country instead of seeing it flow outward. 
Sadly, the US seems on the brink of seeing a rise of some new form of socialism instead of free exchange, so removing such taxes will be nigh impossible in the current political environment. Instead, we will likely see a flight to Bitcoin as a way for those with wealth to hide their money from the socialist money-grabbers that intend to take control of economic policy within the next four to eight years.
@_date: 2018-11-15 16:18:24
I'm not a fan of BCH, but posts like these are just semi-accurately beating a dead horse. The only time BTC users should care about "alts" or "forks" is when they are immediately affecting BTC itself. If someone in the BCH community is leveraging their BTC to prop up their fork of BCH or not is none of our concern, honestly, it's just one more bad actor finally leaving the ecosystem.
@_date: 2017-09-21 18:56:42


This is just a nuance, but it didn't hit $1 till early 2011. Throughout all of 2009 it had effectively $0 in value. I think the first actual trade for cash was done in early 2010 by NewLibertyStandard on the forums.
@_date: 2018-02-26 16:51:34
There was also a guy named NewLibertyStandard on the forums that would sell silver coins for Bitcoin at the time. The pizza purchase was almost certainly **not** the FIRST one, but it was the first PUBLIC one that had actual numbers associated with an easily determinable fiat value, which is why news articles reference it as the first transaction.
@_date: 2017-09-28 16:00:24
Gavin's last name is Andresen. Also, even though I'm a small blocker, I don't view him as a villain when he was likely just gullible, IMHO. He has never said anything to indicate he's okay with a political takeover of Bitcoin. That said, his wishy-washy statements of the past indicate he hasn't had the necessary willpower to stand up to folks that want to control the direction of the coin. Also, it looks like BIP16 was the wrong route to have went for multisig according to maaku and some other comments I've seen.
@_date: 2018-11-21 16:03:33
While I agree with your general sentiment, it is important to note that the late 2011 to 2013 bubble was a rise from $2 to $266 (could be argued to be a top) before falling that year back down to ~$55-60. It then rose up at the end of the year back to over $1k. The "low" in early 2015 after that 2013 bubble was below the previous "bubble" at $266, somewhere between $150-165.
I would say that the "previous peak" or "previous bubble" isn't exactly true, but in theory it's "close enough".
@_date: 2017-09-01 21:33:25
Snow Crash and Cryptonomicon are good ones.
@_date: 2017-09-07 20:15:55
Default Trezor setting is 24, yes. I asked this same question [a while ago and was told there are options for 12 words]( I'm not sure it's right, I think you might be able to sweep wallets with only 12 word seeds, though. That said, some people use paper wallets or CryptoSteel wallets with only 12.
@_date: 2018-02-01 20:28:43
At the time I made that comment the price was under $5k with an ATH (all-time high) of under $5k. Yet I knew we were going over $10k and not a single comment took me seriously. 
I no longer think (due to scale of the increases) that the price will drop all the way to $4k, but I do think it could drop to $8k or $6k still and will before April.
@_date: 2018-02-02 19:00:03
Not all early adopters control the price like you'd think. Some sell slowly and deliberately and it's the short-term traders who overreact.
@_date: 2018-03-29 22:21:33
Full Quote and Source:
"And I sincerely believe with you, that banking establishments are more dangerous than standing armies; and that the principle of spending money to be paid by posterity, under the name of funding, is but swindling futurity on a large scale" -- Jefferson to Taylor, May 28, 1816
While the other two sound more like something from early Monroe or an early James Madison (before he went on to form the second national bank), all three of such individuals certainly did have their issues with national banks being anti-federalists.
In fact, if you don't believe it, look at this prescient quote from Madison:
"If Congress can apply money indefinitely to the general welfare, and are the sole and supreme judges of the general welfare, they may take the care of religion into their own hands; they may establish teachers in every State, county, and parish, and pay them out of the public Treasury; they may take into their own hands the education of children, establishing in like manner schools throughout the Union; they may undertake the regulation of all roads other than post roads. In short, every thing, from the highest object of State legislation, down to the most minute object of police, would be thrown under the power of Congress; for every object I have mentioned would admit the application of money, and might be called, if Congress pleased, provisions for the general welfare." -- James Madison, remarks on the House Floor, debates on Cod Fishery bill (February 1792).
I suspect that in their later lives others outside of Madison and Monroe dulled on the idea of national banks, but most of the founding fathers had a very healthy bit of of skepticism of them early on.
@_date: 2018-03-19 22:26:36


Are you trying to say that Bitcoin only got to where it is today because of government?
@_date: 2018-03-30 14:42:32
This is one of those rare posts that somehow works in both and @_date: 2017-09-15 16:08:35
Only on Tuesdays.
For what it's worth, you seem to like labels judging by your attempt further down in this thread to swath the entire forum as Putin-lovers. Weak minds revert to labels and tribalism. 
So, I guess congrats for introducing yourself and your ability to repeat liberal talking points to our subreddit?
@_date: 2019-01-14 17:17:33


If 1 satoshi = 1 USD, I would hope we're not **really** using USD anymore...
@_date: 2019-04-30 18:42:31
Yes, most likely. Just look at all the [regrets in this thread from five years ago]( People complaining about buying at $100 or $200. Selling at $90.
@_date: 2018-02-12 20:45:58
I don't know. Both the legit users and the shills don't address things like the [ASICBOOST advantage/controversy]( nor do either seem to admit that the [AntBleed vulnerability]( was a problem.
In both cases, there's a clear pattern of deceit that took place, yet no one even bothers to defend, they just press the attack hoping people will ignore it. Until the BCash users address why they support BCash despite knowing that Jihan Wu is acting against their own interests and making BCash less secure, it'll be hard for me to reconcile that the average supporter is truly any different than a shill.
@_date: 2012-07-17 13:28:20
Momentum traders watch Level IIs and make buys and sells based on when the price is clearly moving and going to continue to move. Basically they'll put huge buys inside the spread so they fill quick and then wait a few moments and put them inside the spread on the opposite end for a quick turn in profit.
For example, last night I bought at $7.95 on the downturn and sold at $8.15 before things went really crazy and made a quick 3 BTC profit. It would have been better to have held for longer and then sold and bought back up as it fell again, but I had things to do last night.
@_date: 2018-03-17 03:53:15
Passphrases and passcodes are considered "something you know" and thus testimony so legally you cannot be compelled to give them up under present law, AFAIK. If it's a device or fingerprint or key or "something you have", you CAN be compelled to give it up.
More info in a Time story [here](
EDIT: There might be laws that prevent you from hiding passwords within 100 miles of a border as well. I'm not extremely well-versed on this, to be honest, but I think that passwords and passcodes are considered "safe" for the time being in most cases, at least.
@_date: 2018-02-13 22:06:39
They did build [Hadrian's Wall]( actually. And the [Antonine Wall]( which was later rebuilt as the [Severan Wall]( All of that to keep the Picts out and they ultimately failed, too.
@_date: 2018-02-09 23:14:25
It's still humans making the decisions instead of algorithms. I'd pick a  hard-to-manipulate algorithm over an easier-to-manipulate coterie of humans, any day. We've been doing the latter for fiat for the last 100 years with the US dollar and debasing each of the preeminent Western civilization currencies for each ~100 of the last 600 years depending on how you look at it.
@_date: 2017-09-01 21:35:21
The bad people still have their jobs. Thousands (if not millions) of good people lost theirs.
@_date: 2018-02-12 02:44:37
That isn't true. The first two auctions were sold for above market price we know this because Barry Silbert's company put in bids for smaller players (and we had access to the amounts that they were going to be paying to bid) after each of the two auctions how much he bid and both were at or over market price. On the third one we do not know because no one announced and Silbert's company did a private bid.
Regarding the first auction, the price of Bitcoin actually rallied to $650/coin (which we know the winning bid was at or over) shortly after the first auction ended, even. 
@_date: 2017-09-13 20:10:34


Do not confuse divisibility with scarcity. It can be infinitely divisible but cannot be infinite in composition (so long as the network/algorithm prevents it, at least).


Till there are more entities (human or otherwise) that all want a Satoshi. At that point there won't be enough Satoshis for everyone.
@_date: 2018-03-31 12:22:33
I think you probably won't get many people commenting on their level of economics education because they wouldn't want to be publicly associated with dabbling in cryptocurrencies.
I'm not going to mention my own formal education, but I have a few economist friends (one a PhD) who have been following cryptos with some interest. It's revived a bit of Austrian economics interest in them, but they still view it with a very healthy bit of skepticism.
The thing that often comes up is Thiers law when I talk with them about Bitcoin. There's a rekindling of interest in works by Rolnick and Weber and the sorts of stuff they call my "fringe Austrian beliefs". I don't get the sense that they see Bitcoin as anything more than a fad, but for one brief moment while the price was rising late last year one of them admitted that "the whole of mainstream economics is now on trial" while immediately backpedaling as the price began to fall this year and the "markets are now returning to sanity" as he "predicted".
My experience is that modern economists would never actually trade in cryptocurrencies, which is fine with me, they'd be horribly irrational traders if my friends are any indication. They do call it the "dismal science" after all. (Though the reason why is actually contrary to what most people think)
@_date: 2018-02-09 15:17:34
I would prefer a version that just does camera only for QR codes. This was always my problem with apps like Mycellium, too. They just want too much access.
@_date: 2018-03-22 21:11:35
You made bold claims with "not one word [...] was her own" and "was written by multiple adults". I offered an article that disputed both arguments. Did you even read what the article said about the edits or the fact she presented different versions of this speech on multiple occasions? The onus is on you to present evidence of your assertions.
@_date: 2018-02-15 20:01:54
I didn't specifically call "bull trap", but I'll admit I could have been wrong when [I posted this comment]( (and the other comments in that thread predicting a low of $6k around May/June). 
I did say that sharp moves would throw off the prediction in one or two of the replies to questions I had there. I still think we're due for a "lull" where there is mostly sideways and both positive and negative movement, but the considerably high volume on that last downturn towards $6k does make me wonder if we have seen the worst of it.
I think for the short term I would be surprised if we didn't see some large sells at all over this weekend.
Also, keep in mind that I'm a long-term investor in Bitcoin. My first purchase was in 2011 and I was mining in 2010. I'm just a bit more realistic about the price and I don't buy into the moon/DBZ memes and such. I'm in this not just to make money but also to take cryptos and their development seriously. After having been committed to it for this long, it's very hard not to be of this mindset. Come for the memes and short term gains if you want, but stay for the tech because the tech is what really gives us the financial freedom that fiat and traditional investments never did.
@_date: 2017-09-06 14:20:32
Yeah, I loved this one, I hope you got a chance to see it then?
If you get a chance, tell everyone you know about it. That documentary really puts the nail on the head for what Bitcoin enables us to do in the future. Immutable history and full government transparency makes for a very healthy society, I think.
@_date: 2017-09-08 16:54:40
No, it was not. Also, an interesting fact/tidbit is that SN is not known to have ever signed any message, the public key was just available and registered.
What's also kind of "worse" for Craig is that we do have proof he signed a message with a key that was added to what would have been Satoshi's "keychain" in an attempt that seemingly appears to be to fool the Australian Tax Office.
Thus, because of what we know about his devious past, the burden of proof on him should be very high.
@_date: 2018-02-16 17:19:29
It's possible that they do changes by spinning up new pool IPs and letting traffic move between them. So instead of changing a minimum fee pool directly over to a non-minimum fee pool, they instead bring up another pool entirely and let traffic move over to it and then slowly take the other older configured one offline. There's more to it than that, they could also be changing DNS and load balancers around while this is happening which would explain why sometimes they mine a full block and sometimes don't during a transitional period. Keep in mind, this is just a guess, though. I don't actually know.
@_date: 2012-08-21 22:08:49
Gox-&gt;European Currency-&gt;BTC-E or Intersango-&gt;USD-&gt;Gox
@_date: 2018-02-02 18:57:19
My first miner was put online in 2010. My first purchase was in 2011. Not that this is a competition or anything, but I am familiar with the 2008 financial crisis and why it happened and what should not have been done that was, in fact, done. Plenty of movies and documentaries have explained it, too.
@_date: 2018-02-26 19:30:03
I have a [chronological explanation of what may have happened here]( I wrote it up a year ago and it has most of the relevant links as well as the explanation that he could have lied to the Australian tax office for tax breaks/incentives.
@_date: 2018-02-02 18:56:33


They got bailed out for failing to account for volatility in the housing market and operating in CDO/CDS (credit default swaps).
@_date: 2018-11-28 22:09:39
c) If they get exposed on a or b, grab a camera, it's even more coverage!
@_date: 2018-03-02 01:17:54
You are using terms from modern finance that cryptocurrency has turned on its head. If anything, a student of modern finance would still believe in the idea of intrinsic value, so I can't fault you for that, but your views are anything but a "new perspective".
Cryptocurrency's success has forced economists to go back and look at Austrian economics again and reject a lot of Keynesian and Neoclassical theories and ideas which make up what we call modern finance today.
You disputed none of the points I made and decided to use an "appeal to authority" so I'm not sure what else can be said but don't mistake my posting of references as an attack on your education, I'm sure you had a good one.
Since you're still probably not convinced, I'll go along and play your game. What is the intrinsic value of Bitcoin right now?
@_date: 2017-09-28 16:07:56


I've argued that Craig Wright [created the insufferable genius persona]( to better sell the idea that he was Satoshi to his new financial benefactors, after being caught by the Australian tax office for taking a loan out on coin that he didn't actually own. In short, he's in debt and owes tax money and even his own investors likely don't believe he's Satoshi anymore, but they parade him out because they don't know what else to have him do and need to recoup at least a little bit of their investment.
@_date: 2017-09-08 17:25:20
You forgot this one:
* Signed a document with a key that was proven to be a forgery and added to Satoshi Nakamoto's PGP entry and backdated in 2011 (or 2012).
@_date: 2018-02-14 21:32:18
The original Konami NES Contra game did require "select-&gt;start" if you were playing the game with friends or family. If you were playing single-player then you just pressed "start".
Contra 3 (US) didn't have it which is too bad since that game was nigh impossible without cheats.
@_date: 2017-09-07 20:47:44
And [here's]( a timeline I wrote up for how CSW could have played a long con, probably for the purposes of abusing Australian tax code.
@_date: 2018-02-12 20:34:06
You forgot a very important point. It's hard to distinguish between who is a BCasher and who is a paid-for shill. Ver has [admitted to having spent up to $500,000/month to keep miners from supporting Core](
@_date: 2018-02-01 16:45:26
The new high date is Jan-Feb of 2019 and the new high is ~$80k but we still have a ways to fall yet. What do I win?
BTW, [don't write me off, I was right 5 months ago]( but people ignored me then as well.
@_date: 2018-02-26 19:16:48
With regards to the debunked evidence, I [wrote up a sort of chronological summary of the CSW debacle]( well over a year ago along with an explanation behind everything he did to make it look like he was Satoshi. He created an "insufferable genius" personality to excuse himself from providing solid proof, he appears to have lied to the Australian tax office, he backdated a private key and blog post, there's just a lot of very deceptive things he's done that make it clear that he is not Satoshi.
@_date: 2018-03-16 16:09:49
Privacy. Duh.
"I would rather be exposed to the inconveniencies attending too much liberty than those attending too small a degree of it." -- [Thomas Jefferson to Archibald Stuart, Dec. 23. 1791.](
@_date: 2017-10-06 20:26:07
It's not just you, I'm an old user who started in 2011 and am amazed to be thrown into the shill camp as well.
Doesn't matter that it's my money or my savings to these people, they think they get to dictate every aspect of it, including wrenching control from people I trust and giving it to essentially one person who I do not.
How is what they are doing even Bitcoin? This isn't decentralized consensus-forming agreements, it's bullying using mining pools. This is elitist-subsidized companies attempting to dictate to the users how things are going to be. Why would anyone invest in this if they succeed?
@_date: 2018-02-22 17:03:13
So you **do** believe you and only you can gauge how healthy fees are at a particular moment? 
I find that very hard to accept with a lack of any corroborating evidence. Have you done, read, or even seen any studies on what constitutes too much or too little volume and why? There were periods in 2011 and 2012 where we had abnormally low traffic. Even after Satoshi Dice went live there was an initial uptick in volume and then it did sort of balance out and have lulls. The time period from Sept 2012 to Nov 2012 was one such instance.


I can see an argument for someone saying fees are artificially high, but how can one make fees "artificially low"? How does one actually *prevent* someone else from transacting on the network? The only instances where fees can be argued to be "artificially lowered" is when layer two solutions are taking on the bulk of the transfers and that would be good for the health of the network.
I think both this original comment above and that post you made 3 months ago combine to show that you just got caught out as having the exact opposite of "unjustified unlimited positivity" that you criticize everyone else for having.
@_date: 2018-03-22 18:22:21
Her father [only helped edit the speech]( It was otherwise all her own. 
There are even videos of her doing other versions of this speech out there if you look for them, she wrote it as part of a competition.
Not everyone was critical of her or her parents, either.  While disagreeing with the monetary advice Victoria presented, [William Watson wrote]( "As any communications advisor would tell you, there’s absolutely no profit in dumping on a telegenic 12-year-old. Victoria looks like a terrific kid. Her parents should be very proud of her."
She obviously wrote about what she felt comfortable writing about. Whether that was influenced by her parents or not, it **was** in her own words.
@_date: 2017-10-05 00:24:26
I've been involved in the Bitcoin community since 2011, and we always talked about what a state actor could and couldn't do. The one thing people don't realize is that state actors don't have to publicly do anything. If anything, the best attacks would never put a face to the attack at all, or attempt to use the credibility of some to control the actions of others.
RAND is essentially the military-industrial-financial-media complex that makes up the state actor we would call "the US gov't". We'd be foolish to ignore that study.
@_date: 2018-02-01 21:02:16
I'm not sure what to say in response to that direct of an insult. 
Sure, it could be a bit arrogant, but the table had ?s in place, I filled them in. You're free to ignore me all you want, just pointing out the most recent price prediction I had made.
I don't make predictions like this that often, to be honest, it's posts like yours that are the reason why, too. Check my post history if you think I'm a joke.
@_date: 2018-02-21 17:08:47


And then within mere weeks/months, core developers would have capitulated and worked on the UASF chain. There would have been monetary value to miners to support the chain so at least some of them would have done so, too. UASF would have won out in the long run anyway, as core developers wanted SegWit and were prepared to develop on a chain that had it. If that chain was of any significant size at all, it would have only taken them weeks or months to decide to work on it, even if they had to hard-fork in a difficulty change.
Segwit2x was very clearly an attempt to try and subvert the decentralized power of Bitcoin by saying only "industry" could save it. And "industry" failed in November. 


This is hogwash, there was going to be a fork that enforced BIP148 acceptance, and there was nothing anyone could do to stop it. They had to capitulate or be seen as weak as well as risk monetary loss of value.


It will as long as the better developers are drawn to the better solution. Don't ever forget that the users and nodes run this outfit, we'll defeat and shame the industry insiders again the next time they try it, too.
@_date: 2018-03-22 18:25:30


That is fundamentally not true. [Her father only helped her edit it after she had spent weeks on it herself](
EDIT: I have a comment with more links and info [here]( Judge for yourself, but even if they were biased by her parent's opinions on the monetary system, it was written in her own words.
@_date: 2018-02-16 17:00:48
In one of the F2Pool tweets last year they bragged a bit about their uptime. This kind of diversity of opinion on what is good for the health of the network is just a factor that miners have to take into consideration when selecting a pool. If a pool values their stability at the expense of some extra fees, there's a certain class of miner that is probably okay with it. Even if the pool is small, a lot of miners may choose to use F2Pool as their "backup" pool due to their historical stability.
@_date: 2017-10-11 14:14:37
Also, a continued reminder: there's a campaign underway (likely by paid actors) that continually tries to make the assertion that Bitcoin only adopted SegWit last August because of the S2X crowd. This is *not* true. 
We adopted SegWit because of the UASF, or user-activated soft-fork. All S2X did was give all miners a way to say they supported SegWit even if they didn't support the Core development team. The truth of the matter is that at least *some* miners would have supported the UASF, which means that without S2X, the other miners would have had to eventually capitulate as well.
You can fully expect that there are at least 3 mining pools who will be mining Core coin come the end of this November. It is NOT in their financial best interests to do anything other than let the other signatories think they are still playing along, however.
We will find out more about just how weak the support for SegWit2X is once they attempt to set a "date" for the transition. In the meantime, stay informed and don't let certain individuals rewrite Bitcoin history.
EDIT: For what it is worth, what we're learning is that mining pools don't make principled decisions. Their objective is to capitalize, nothing else. 
So, if we make two coins, that means they make money mining both coins accordingly. If we make three coins, they will mine all three. They don't make judgement calls or mine out of anything but the bottom line. That said, if there was a 2x coin, they would mine it, but they would also just as easily mine the 1x coin. 
Because of this, 1x will never go away and you can rest assured that Core devs will have miner support forever and always. Regardless of what any particular miner says about Core, they will be, due to market forces, forced to mine at Core's behest as long as users keep using Core's software and buying Core's coin. 
Obviously the terminology I'm using here is a little out of whack, but I don't know how else to say some of this since it is concepts we haven't necessarily discussed yet.
@_date: 2017-09-19 18:18:55
This is not a change that the node operators have a say in yet it primarily affects node operators. That's my objection as a node operator: I am given absolutely no say in the matter.
@_date: 2017-10-25 01:40:43
I posted [this earlier today]( about it from the perspective of a 2011 Bitcoiner.
At each step of the way, you are looking at a not-insignificant amount of money and trying to determine if you should buy more, sell, or hold. With each passing moment, you consider all three when the *correct* answer the whole time is that you should buy more. It's impossible to predict the future and you've already seen 5-15x increases in value. It's very hard NOT to sell given the circumstances. That's why DCA can be superior, it's not a lot of money, even though it accumulates over time, so you don't feel obligated to sell as much when it does increase.
@_date: 2017-09-28 16:21:18


Segwit is active because of the UASF, bar none. It would have been contentious, sure, but most miners would have quickly switched to it because we: the users, the node operators, and the actual economic forces were there. A handful of exchange and some very shady miners do not represent us.
Unlike the others, I hope you do attempt to go through with SegWit2x, because you're being lied to about which miners are actually going to support and I want you to realize how you lose at the game theory of it all.
The only way you win this is if you pay miners more for their loyalty than your opponents are paying for their silent betrayal. Thank you for agreeing to be an example.
@_date: 2017-10-12 13:59:37
While I generally agree with your concerns, BCH will be a footnote in Bitcoin's history, most likely. It might survive as a lightly traded alt and even see some significant growth after it bottoms out, but I do think it's in a death spiral at the moment. They can't even agree on what to do about the EDA or "emergency difficulty adjustment" and about half or more of them think it's what is responsible for the death spiral. They will likely fracture their own community in an attempt to fix it, which will just lead more miners to mine both forks.
S2X fails to realize that by forking to 2mb, it will only be a matter of time before people want to fork to 4X. And there will be significant hash power ready and waiting to fork the fork if needs be.
@_date: 2018-02-27 00:58:13


Something worth noting is the user post history for Scronty which seems in several posts, [most notably this one]( to try and hand wave away the CSW key being faked as a way to "test" him and his loyalty to the project.
CSW could easily be behind that nym, too. I certainly wouldn't put it past him.
@_date: 2017-10-16 23:27:54
The full headers were analyzed by btc drak here:
@_date: 2018-03-28 15:16:39
BTC Dominance has been creeping up slowly the last month. I don't know that there is a way to gauge completely and accurately the impact that would have on price, but if there is a flight from altcoins to more stable coins like Litecoin and Bitcoin like there was in late 2013, it would necessarily change the prices of these two.
@_date: 2018-02-27 00:44:46
Wow, okay, this is good info to have. If there's another person keeping track of this stuff, I would be happy to contribute what I know or put it all into one place with references so people can see it all at once.
@_date: 2017-09-01 14:55:16
Short answer is that a lot of investors are sitting on piles of cash and need to diversify out of it.
Longer answer is that Bitcoin is the single best asset class that both meets and succeeds most people's expectations for a **store of value**. While other cryptos might have similar fundamentals, Bitcoin is the one with the longest history and the least risk. Additionally, the developers for it seem committed to the idea that it continues to remain a good **store of value** without losing any **fungibility** or risking its capability to be a **unit of account** by making it a better **medium of exchange**. It remains infinitely **divisible**.
Each of the bolded items is an attribute of money.
@_date: 2017-10-11 18:50:21
Cultural costs are still a cost and get factored into the bottom line. So yes, I would say child labor laws alone were not responsible for stopping child labor. What society considered acceptable was changing, and families were getting more wealthy on the whole with a very sound globally-accepted currency. Child labor was no longer necessary.
While we're on this subject, child labor laws were wholly ineffective policy-wise in countries like India, for example, anyway. If you've ever read any sort of [study on the effectiveness of the law]( you'll see it was an outright failure given what it was expected to do: reduce child labor and educate children. Children who continued to work illegally got better educations than the ones who were unable to find work, and the number of children engaging in labor increased, utterly destroying the narrative that child-labor laws were even good policies to begin with.
From the paper itself:


Welcome to where eventually you'll be forced to question everything you've been ~~indoctrinated~~ taught.
@_date: 2017-10-16 23:25:33
Where was it shown that the latter expired? I'd like a source for future reference when this comes up again if so. This is the first I've heard about it.
@_date: 2017-10-16 08:25:22
Thank god someone made this. This really needs to be at the top. I am having to correct all the same mistakes made in higher threads.
@_date: 2017-09-11 22:13:30
[Since no one actually even linked to the forum post](
@_date: 2017-10-06 20:28:16


But it won't work. If you gut a vehicle and tell people they can still have the chassis, you still stole the engine.
@_date: 2017-10-20 12:30:48
I agree with you that if it needs scripts to survive, it shouldn't, but the sys admin in me sees these as equivalent to Chinese hackers or other scripts that attempt to disrupt legit networking. Because of this, I have no problems blocking evil IPs just like I do with PFBlockerNG.
@_date: 2018-03-30 18:58:12
Dimon said it was a bubble at $4300, too. It may have a ways to drop yet, but I don't think it'll go that low. We *do* see major pullbacks, but I think this is more like the drop from $266 to $50 in early 2013 than the drop from $1,000 to $165 over 2014 into Jan 2015.
@_date: 2017-10-11 13:28:13
NLS and others would do non-public trades back in 2009 and 2010, too, but I kind of doubt anything would have went for that low. There was also [a 10k BTC for $50 offer]( back in 2010, but AFAIK, no one ever took him up on it. 
@_date: 2018-02-01 23:07:29
Oh, it's far from perfect. For example, at the time of the 5 month ago prediction, I was expecting a top end of somewhere in the $14k range. It actually went higher. To some, that would be a failure.
It's probably not best for me to use the word/term "prediction" either. It's more like a hypothesis on a very complex system. [Deterministic chaos]( can be [modeled]( in some respects for [what it "cannot" do]( From there, you simply feed as many inputs in as you can to model what could happen. Rinse, repeat, backtest, etc. You'll never be satisfied with the results over a very long period of time, but you can often make some reasonable predictions within the timeframes that you are specifically targeting.
I have to continually feed data into it and price increases, high volume moves and etc *can* affect predictability, but unless we see drastic moves off script one way or another (which we actually kind of did see today, oddly enough) it mostly tends to follow a pattern that has held since I last modified the underlying parameters in June 2016.
In October 2016 I realized the model I was using was mostly holding up and loaded up at that time. Sold a decent amount in December, and I'm looking to buy again sometime after this April.
There's a pattern that the chart in this thread is actually insinuating, if not almost directly calling attention to. It's a pattern that is found all the time in scarcity and the price of scarce resources like commodities. Why do humans collectively accumulate scarce resources? I don't know. Maybe they just think fiat stinks and they want to save in something better. Maybe they all learn about scarce commodities the same and trade on somewhat similar rationales. Maybe they react to frauds accordingly, thus provoking specific government responses, and then trade on that specific government response accordingly? Math and pattern trending doesn't really answer these questions, it just gives numbers and results.
With 7.6 billion humans in the world, it's okay to imagine as we were taught in grade school, that they are all unique and independent beings, but math tells us otherwise. We have a tendency to have interest in the same things sometimes. There's oftentimes patterns within the chaos.
@_date: 2017-10-11 19:42:13
It's limited by algorithm. 
Both of your questions can be answered by "yes", to an extent. 
That we all choose to run clients/nodes that enforce it and that the miners choose to mine using a client that enforces it basically comes down to convention. That said, if that algorithm were to be changed by both miners and nodes, I think you'd find just how seriously people take that convention by selling their coin for one that doesn't manipulate that convention.
@_date: 2017-10-11 14:01:07
FWIW, I really do think laszlo was the first GPU miner, too. I think Satoshi had maybe experimented with FPGAs, but I don't think he had any sort of optimized method for mining them. I think after the first two years, as they started to get value, he disappeared and created a new identity as a normal GPU miner who got involved in 2011.
Since then, he's just been living among us, probably.
You're right, selling at a loss isn't unheard of, but selling at THAT much of a loss seems pretty ridiculous.
@_date: 2018-02-09 23:06:36
Until we come up with a dynamic blocksize solution I'm going to be just as against decreasing the 1mb block size arbitrarily as I was against increasing it arbitrarily. I was hoping we could use Bitcoin Days Destroyed in combination with other metrics for this and change block size max on the same schedule as we do difficulty, but nullc had some good points about BDD that I hadn't thought about. I still want to believe it could be used in this manner, though.
@_date: 2015-04-19 01:48:45
I had an old college friend who I spoke with rarely tell me Bitcoin was a "get rich quick" scheme when it was at $5 before it bubbled to $31 then fell for several months to $2. Two weeks after it hit that $2, he sent me a link [to this article](
When it surpassed $31 just over a year later, I sent him [this graph](
Bitcoin is volatile and trades more like a commodity. The fact of the matter is that it might end up being a longer span of time from it last hitting $1k till now than from now to it hitting $1k again, but fiat currencies are always being inflated, and governments tend to adopt policies to continue inflating them over time.
But yes, when it does surpass $1k again, it could be that others see it as more legitimate. And you might even be surprised to find people saying "we're the early adopters" during this time as well, which will make you question what you were for the two years previous. ;)
@_date: 2017-10-05 00:18:37
At their best they are misguided about how to scale Bitcoin. At their worst, they are "useful idiots" in a coordinated attack on Bitcoin. At their ugliest, they are concern trolls and altcoin hawkers who become increasingly vitriolic as the margins thin for people easily duped into non-Bitcoin cryptos.
@_date: 2017-10-13 15:24:03
No, but were you using in early 2016 when we were being brigaded? Did you get to witness the BS that was XT or Classic? There's this constant and consistently manufactured anti-Core nonsense getting fancied about in EVERY supposedly-contentious and supposedly-"community is split" issue.
I'm starting to see through the nonsense now and I'm realizing this is not a community split at all, it's astro-turfing by the same corporate insiders over and over that don't see Bitcoin as a fundamental challenge to the existing financial system and instead want to work it within the existing framework. They don't believe in Schnorr, they don't believe in fungible coin, they don't believe in a right to financial privacy or the 4th amendment. Core does. And it shows.
Because Core wants to change, they are always going to be on the defense, and it's getting harder and harder to believe this is anything other than a coordinated attack since it's always the same government-friendly whack-jobs behind the anti-Core position.
@_date: 2017-10-11 18:56:24


Core didn't label it anything. If anything, Core was mostly quiet on UASF. One of them, Luke-jr, even helped out with the code.
@_date: 2018-03-14 14:48:44
I like the Reagan quote, myself: "Government’s view of the economy could be summed up in a few short phrases: If it moves, tax it. If it keeps moving, regulate it. And if it stops moving, subsidize it."
@_date: 2018-07-13 15:21:27
Yes, but those with an interest in manipulating the price or safeguarding the traditional financing system are more likely to have newer accounts or use bulk accounts. It's not bad to point this out.
@_date: 2017-10-12 14:17:48
F2Pool switched as well.
We only really need a handful of miners to abandon 2X to win.
Maybe not, but I suspect at least some of them are seriously looking at their bottom line, and can project the profits that come from not fighting vs. fighting, and ultimately will decide to capitulate on this issue just as they did on the UASF.
@_date: 2018-07-31 19:08:24


Let's take this to the other extreme. One gold ounce coin bought a decent suit at a high-end retailer in 1917. One gold ounce coin buys a decent suit at a high-end retailer in 2018. It's called the Gold-to-Decent-Suit Ratio and it's been around a while.
I'm willing to entertain that the gold standard may not have prevented inflation by some other metric, but how much inflation do you think we've had since 1917 in US dollars?
@_date: 2017-10-11 14:50:58
Original coin, then. I mean it's a nuance, but the fact of the matter remains that at least some mining pools will still support it, so therefore it is not like it is going to die.
@_date: 2019-09-11 19:46:45
Yeah, I just feel like there should be more than one provider of this. I realize Armor does as well, but their format is different and incompatible with Electrum AFAIK.
@_date: 2018-07-13 19:04:41
It's good you brought this up, because it does initially look like it could be a contradiction, but I think from the context, he's differentiating between high-value and low-value transactions. 
For a small goods dealer (games, movies, pizza, etc.) you could handle lots of small transactions and the likelihood that all of those small transactions are scams is very less likely. The Lightning network can support these.
For large high-value transactions, (gold, cars, houses, transfers between large institutions, etc.) you should wait at least a little bit longer for goods to settle. The Bitcoin network can support these.
@_date: 2018-02-01 20:49:57
My present best-sense algorithm is predicting a new low in either May or June of this year, somewhere between $6-$8k. It previously predicted a low of $4k in April (hence my comment 5 months ago to that effect) but I've obviously had several more months of data since then and the present best estimate leans more towards a low of $6-$8k in May/June.
Also, I am not a new crypto trader, I've been trading Bitcoin (and pretty much only Bitcoin) since 2011, I like to think I know what I am doing. I just usually don't post about price speculation because there's no real benefit to it. Many people that do these algorithms expect to trade off of the less educated traders that don't know there are these obvious patterns in commodities. But I don't buy during dips like these, so its no cost to me really.
@_date: 2017-10-11 15:17:04
Adoption rates for any nascent technology are going to be variable. The same thing will happen with Schnorr signatures, too. Not everyone is ready to take advantage of new features on day one, doesn't mean that people don't support it.
EDIT: For the first month, the argument above went like this: "Only 1% of transactions are using SegWit". Then it was: "Only 2% of transactions are using SegWit". Now 10% are and we're not even two months post-activation. There's absolutely nothing wrong with adoption rates.
@_date: 2018-02-26 19:26:24
I think the implication is that it's a contract and not an actual smart contract, constitutionranger just misused the correct terminology here is all.
@_date: 2017-10-12 13:51:29
I heard it was a Ponzi. [Tulip mania](
@_date: 2017-10-09 13:17:25


10 year olds would research it on their own using their superior Google skills, then purchase or accumulate it in smaller, but more dedicated quantities. No offense, but you sound like a moron who lost all his money and/or job in the housing crash who just finds out about a cryptocurrency and decides "hey, I'll post in the biggest cryptocurrency forum asking about it because no one has ever done that before!"
@_date: 2017-09-15 16:08:35
Only on Tuesdays.
For what it's worth, you seem to like labels judging by your attempt further down in this thread to swath the entire forum as Putin-lovers. Weak minds revert to labels and tribalism. 
So, I guess congrats for introducing yourself and your ability to repeat liberal talking points to our subreddit?
@_date: 2015-04-15 15:44:41
It now has international interest in its financial support. Before they had to build things domestically or do massive exporting of goods to the US to keep happy employment of Chinese workers. Now they can lend money to other countries and thus export Chinese labor outside of the country. They are still kind of bound to have a currency crisis of some sort if they decouple the Renimbi to the Dollar, but at least this way they'll have options in case unemployment gets too high.
@_date: 2017-10-06 19:51:16
It could be a list a mile long and still be both ethically and morally wrong. A list of every telco company that wanted to introduced tiered Internet could be a majority and still be ethically and morally wrong based on what they are subjecting their users to.
@_date: 2018-07-25 14:38:45
If there is one thing you could say to Westerners who promote "democratic socialism", what would it be?
@_date: 2017-09-28 21:54:05
I still don't think it was fake, I think it was just really poorly understood and even worse on the execution on his part. When he was actually tested about Bitcoin being a tool to stand up against censorship, he balked. I'm not defending him having anything to do with Bitcoin anymore, in fact, good riddance, but I still don't think, even with those links he was an outright villain. He was just wholly unprepared for what he was going to have to fight for when it came to users' rights.
@_date: 2019-09-20 16:23:22
BitPay used to handle the Tor project's BTC donations, too. Bitpay's BTC invoicing was notoriously impossible to do over Tor. Which was funny in a way, because you ultimately couldn't donate to Tor over Tor using the most pseudonymous crypto at the time if you were a privacy-conscious donator. I believe it has been fixed since, though.
@_date: 2017-10-11 19:38:27
Until I got involved in Bitcoin I thought I understood the world and economics in general. I quickly realized I didn't. I had to relearn everything, and what I did learn kind of shocked me. There's a lot of stuff we've taken for granted as being "generally true" in the Western world that simply is not the case historically or globally.
Take the Tulip stuff, for instance. There's no reason that the folks disparaging Bitcoin like Jamie Dimon shouldn't be right, if we understand economics like we were taught. Bitcoin should increase till a point where it's clearly overbought and then crash back to nothingness because it seemingly doesn't have what some people would call "intrinsic value". But it doesn't. It crashes back to a higher level than it previously traded at.
Then you go back and look at the tulip mania and you'll realize something interesting. The tulip mania was happening around the time that the guilder was worth the most as a global currency than it ever had been and ever would be again. The tulip markets were very mature and they were experimenting with what would be known to be the first "futures market" in the world. The [Semper Augustus tulip bulb]( which was the rarity that was famously traded for the value of a very nice house (~$180,000 USD equivalent today) is now extinct. In fact, the beautiful colors it was given were the result of a virus that ensured it wouldn't survive for many generations more. Some traders, if they could purchase one today, would put its value at ~$800-1.2 million USD. Less than most of the rare orchids, but still pretty damn valuable!
I quickly learned that this concept of "intrinsic value" is hogwash. Something either has value or it doesn't. Just because gold can be used in computer chips doesn't mean there's some sort of measurable percentage of its value that can be broken down into intrinsic and "extraneous" or "precious metal" based. 
Bitcoin has value because it meets all the criteria of traditional money with fewer of the downsides. Whereas gold is a horrible "medium of exchange", Bitcoin is able to meet that need very well. Yes, it's far more volatile than something like gold when it comes to the "store of value" attribute, but it's still new.
So, the reason why Bitcoin isn't just "tulips" is because the Western world doesn't have anything else reliable to save money in anymore. We used to be able to put money into a savings account, but we can't do that anymore. Savings accounts are crap. Savings accounts are crap because the dollar is inflating (monetarily) too fast. The dollar is undergoing [monetary inflation]( because our federal, state, and local government all spend outside their means.
I would encourage you to start researching what is and is not money and what is and is not currency if you're interested in this stuff. It took a long time to get around to actually believing in Bitcoin as a safe store of value for myself, but sometime around 2011-2012 I realize started to take the plunge.
I think all these SegWit2X stuff is just nonsense in the end, and it'll blow over just like the Bitcoin Cash stuff did.
@_date: 2018-07-25 16:11:42


I remember at the time the second movie came out and with the ending of Neo dismantling the robot in the "real world" there was a lot of talk of what the Internet deemed "MWAM" or "Matrix within a Matrix". I remember folks on the Internet being upset that the movie was seemingly going this route, but now that I think back on it and this conversation with The Architect, I actually kind of wish that in the third movie they had. What we got instead was a really poor movie that was mostly just special effects scenes from one to the next and very weak on a plot that ended in a very unsatisfying way.
@_date: 2017-10-11 15:14:47
They aren't lying to the network, they are lying in meatspace. The network doesn't require them to be honest, just to show PoW.
@_date: 2015-04-17 14:51:53


No, it's not. They only serve to orphan themselves. Explain "undermine the integrity of the network" in terms of what will change technically. The integrity of the blockchain is unaffected by by a bribe alone, so continue with what happens next.


The sheer scale of what they would have to build would cost more than "a couple billion" and it would need to grow exponentially. Anything they attempt to do to the *code* will run the risk of ostracising their fork, regardless of how much hash power they have. A miner having 50%+ is pointless if they can't change the code or the way the blockchain operates.
@_date: 2018-07-11 17:01:46
Next year, not this year. [I've already covered this here]( but the best we can hope for this year is a return to the ATH.
@_date: 2018-07-10 22:08:11
This statement is correct. If someone used a hard drive and **never completely filled it up** there will likely be at least some sectors that went unused. These sectors have a chance to contain some data that was used on the previous partition. If the drive was zeroed out or DBAN'd, then there is likely 0% change, but if it wasn't, the percent chance is based on how much of the drive **has** been used since the format. If it only had an OS on it, there may be a good chance the wallet.dat was destroyed, but it's never 100% certain.
@_date: 2018-07-10 00:08:09


This is the one you are cherry-picking, btw. I could just as easily say Bitcoin ended each year except 2014 at a HIGHER value than it was the year previously and I'd be correct. This has been the single best investment of the last ten years bar none.
@_date: 2019-09-12 19:41:50
I lived in Iowa at the time and remember this article (it was the Des Moines Register) but not 100% sure on the year, I want to say it would have been 1992 or 1993 based on when I got my IBM XT's 2400 baud modem working on local BBS in the area prior to realizing I needed a faster one. In 1995, I had upgraded to a computer that had a 14.4 by default.
@_date: 2015-04-15 18:55:09
Exactly. Or, perhaps better yet, not even recognize them. The immediate appeasement move the Foundation took ignores the fact that Bitcoin was intended to subvert governments, not appease them. Satoshi was careful with his words, but his intent was straightforward. He clearly created a currency designed to undermine government control.


@_date: 2015-04-08 22:17:28
Isn't Ripple just a centralized pre-mined currency? Something like 8 billion units pre-mined and just waiting for some sort of favorable regulatory action so they can start dumping them like shares of a penny stock?
And people keep talking about Bitcoin being a pump and dump or Ponzi-scheme...
@_date: 2018-07-18 17:50:06
Or just change one or two words and story a very small amount of Bitcoin on that one which you give in those events.
@_date: 2019-09-26 13:48:38
Fun story about $10 vs. $10k. Or well, you decide if it's fun or not.
In August of 2012, after the price had went up from ~$6 to around $13 and the BTC news was full of stories like how Bitfloor had just been hacked and pirateat40 was for sure running a Ponzi scheme, it fell back to ~$10 and later ~$8 before consolidating.
That was the last time we would ever see anything close to $8. In fact, the next big "dip" would be the fall in April 2013, seemingly overnight, from $200+ to ~$50 in a 24 hour period. In a few months over a year (November 2013) from the $13 to $8 fall, the price would even pass $1,000.
Granted, this was due to ASIC development and significant increases in the security and hashrate of the Bitcoin blockchain, but what's really interesting about all that is that in the Fall of 2012, while the price was still clearly under that $13, we all knew about *at least* three different ASIC projects that were going on: Butterfly Labs, ASICMiner, and Avalon/ngzhang.
We should have known what was coming, but some people could never get past the drop in price from $13 to $10 and then to $8.
@_date: 2015-04-23 16:56:53
While your statement is factually correct, I think his death behooves us to consider egregious punishment and the pursuit thereof to be a rather heavy-handed execution of the law. He did not deserve the punishment he was facing, and the country now knows the shame of such endeavours.
@_date: 2015-04-15 19:08:46
One issuing authority that works exclusively with one government for over 100 years is somehow better positioned to be a global reserve currency issuer better than a mathematical algorithm that has had multiple issuers in the last five years with not a single one of them ever possessing the power to confiscate the unit of record or change the rate of issuance?
@_date: 2018-07-17 16:49:00
I don't think he's actually calling LTC that, he's just acknowledging the importance of the Lightning network and Bitcoin's first-to-market and network advantages. LTC, and to a lesser extent, NMC, are two very early coins that had a distinct purpose along with BTC in the early days. There are very few coins that run as compliments to Bitcoin itself, but those are definitely two of them.
@_date: 2018-07-06 21:29:22


What faulty premises? There's nothing supposed here, she's merely stated facts.
EDIT: I realize not everyone in the world is a saver. Many in the Western world might be spenders, in fact. Hell, even **most** might be, but if you want a store of value, the US dollar and banking system is a VERY poor example of it and and apparently think you are an idiot for wanting to store the value of your labor.
@_date: 2015-04-19 00:32:56
Some of what he finally got around to mentioning in the end about [double-spending attacks]( is at least theoretically possible, but there's even huge incentives not to do those and I've seen some of the ingenious stuff that BitPay, Coinbase, and others have been doing to spot double-spends. It would immediately get called out, and since we know who is using what IPs, we can prove which pools would be colluding. Miners would see the collusion and stop using those pools.
@_date: 2015-04-16 17:07:16
I've been involved in Bitcoin for a long time and your position is not new. I've heard various forms of "Bitcoin can be defeated" since at least 2011 when we were talking about this on the BitcoinTalk.org forums. There's countless threads where people said that Bitcoin didn't even have the hashing power to beat the world's biggest super computers. This was fixed as the hashrate continued to rise.
There were also [concerns about bandwidth to pools as the difficulty got higher]( Without GBT, Bitcoin would have never scaled in its original form and that was seen as "the death of Bitcoin". Even that got fixed over time.
Hell, you didn't even mention [the most notable example]( where we had a hostile actor who was mining empty blocks using (presumably) infected PCs. This meant tons of transactions were just being ignored. That too, was fixed by simply outgrowing the bad actor.
If it's so simple for someone to have bribed pools, miners, or respected members of the community, you shouldn't be talking about it as if it is something that will happen in the future, and instead consider that it has already happened, and work on proving that it has already happened.
And then consider this, if it's already happened and the mining pools and code are still acting sufficiently fair, why is this even an issue? The second they stop being fair, miners will use another pool or continue to use Bitcoin core code they consider fair. The *right* fork will always win by being the most decentralized one, so the large actor mining his own pool with a majority or super-majority will always be at a disadvantage because rational people will fear that collusion.
There are some theoretical attacks that could work, sure, but they require convincing a majority of mining pools to hash on code that you've convinced a developer to write, not just one or two. The amount of effort and bribery involved would be massive, because you cannot just convince the top two pools, you've gotta convince enough pools such that if they were to leave there would still be an "appearance" of decentralization, so that most users also go. Otherwise the users will stay on the most decentralized fork.
@_date: 2018-07-06 22:09:25
What are you talking about? It's a complaint about purchasing power in a currency. If someone is a saver, then obviously they would see a decline in purchasing power as an asset not worth saving in. It's not making any of the more grandiose claims you are strawmanning it into.
@_date: 2017-10-12 18:33:45


No offense, but the community was doing just fine till some jerks who wanted to take political control started an astroturfing campaign and resorted to outright shilling on here for things like Ethereum and later Bitcoin Cash. 
I was here in when we were getting that annoying alt-coin spam, I was here when it was nearly impossible to post in this sub without getting downvoted. I was here when Classic, XT, Unlimited, etc. all failed to swing a significant set of users away. I was here when we were told UASF had "no chance". I was here when we found out about ASICBOOST and AntBleed. I remember all the naysaying and half-truths and apologetic nonsense.
How fucking dense do people really think we are to believe this wasn't a completely manufactured split?
I refuse to believe there was ever any significant minority of users that truly opposed Core on this and actually put their money where their mouth was. I think it was a bunch of people paid to post and support a bunch of nonsense on behalf of a select group of miners and industry insiders who wanted to wrest political control from Core while making money off people too easily duped into buying alt coins and eventually BCash.
If these folks had any sort of intellectual honesty, they'd admit it, too. They'd admit they were paid and by whom, and **that** would help bond the community together.
@_date: 2015-04-19 07:24:15
I still think, even today, that the Willy account was actually OKCoin or another Chinese exchange bootstrapping their own "hold" of coin. They had higher demand and would have been the only ones capable of doing nothing but purchases (and subsequent withdrawals) of such coin.
@_date: 2015-04-02 18:56:03
Worse still, what if Ross actually knew or believed these were fake threats, but paid out anyway because he knew that whoever was behind the extortion would be forced to be silent? I mean, this is a guy who has been threatened several times with exposure of his clients information, and there was evidence of at least one attempt that was a weak/vague threat that had no legitimacy behind it.
There's similarities here to the Miranda case, for sure. While there is no direct evidence of collusion (that we know of) between Force and any agents in the Ulbricht case, such things could potentially come to light during such a trial.
At the very least, an entrapment defence was thwarted by refusing to allow for this evidence to be presented to the jury.
@_date: 2015-04-18 06:59:42
Okay, that makes sense then.
@_date: 2017-10-23 23:00:23
This is true, but in fairness to Buffet, what you should probably take away from this quote is that you should only really invest in stuff you truly understand. What he did understand (and was very good at) was value investing. That is, looking at financials and quarterly reports and identifying companies that were either seriously undervalued according to their financials, or temporarily oversold but still very likely to survive long term. 
It's important to note that he's had some bad investments in this manner as well, but he was very good at diversifying his risk by analyzing as many companies as he could and watching their value change over time, thus positioning himself to gain value before they hit the S&amp;P 500 and larger investment firms got involved.
The reason behind the quote is likely because he saw several other traders willing to exit a position that they had previously seen as having high value because they were unwilling to wait out the increase they believed was sure to come in the company's value and underlying stock price.
To a certain extent, he saw his gains as profiting off these foolish investors, which is why he regards patience highly. 
It's a pretty valuable lesson when looking at cryptocurrencies and Bitcoin in general. Just because a fancy crypto like Ethereum, Bcash, etc. comes around and makes headway against Bitcoin does not mean that Bitcoin loses its value. Crypto is not a zero sum game, in other words. That's an important lesson given the last few months, IMHO. Just because Buffet doesn't get Bitcoin doesn't mean this particular quote isn't a prescient one.
@_date: 2015-04-19 18:59:34
He never responded.
@_date: 2015-04-22 14:31:33
It's very important to note this, because the closer you are to the people involved, the more obvious the 2011 "issue" was an insider problem, and per more recent releases, we're now finding they were operating as a fractional reserve since that 2011 incident. 
The big question now being, if Jed knew Gox was operating as a fractional reserve, then why wasn't he saying anything to the Bitcoin world about it, especially after Karples started blaming malleability?
@_date: 2015-04-08 16:24:54
I identified myself once on here and reddit admins deleted my old account. That's why there's a 2 in this account's name. Be careful about self-identification.
@_date: 2018-07-11 17:11:32
While I think this new prediction isn't an outrageous call, it **is** interesting that the article the article linked and you duplicated here isn't actually working of his previously bad call. I'm not sure what model he would be using that would have predicted in early December that the price wasn't going to continue going up to $20k then, and then fall from there. There's a certain amount of euphoria that accompanies these runs and it always dies down and needs a refresh period, surely his model would have saw that as necessary.
@_date: 2017-10-05 00:07:33
Not only that, but some of the comments I've read there today are about needing to end the EDA system before November; a point on which I'd agree is an absolute necessity given what is happening with 2x. I see the signs that at least a few of them are now realizing they don't really have a way to force the miners who are abusing EDA to adopt a system that will prevent them doing so, even if it is in their long term interests.
My guess is maybe two weeks till all hell breaks loose as they realize their mining friends aren't really all that friendly and no one agrees on anything. I thought they were going to set up a foundation or president to make these decisions, originally? Maybe they should go back to that and drop the "decentralized network" charade.
@_date: 2015-04-09 16:59:17
ngzhang, when I first purchased from you, it was an FPGA. I sent an email or IM, and later that night while I was sleeping, the price of Bitcoin crashed from ~$5 to $4.25 during Chinese daylight hours, which you then sent a request for payment at. The price then rose to $4.65 by the time I saw your response the next day. There's no doubt in my mind that you were selling coin from others who were paying you for their pre-orders, selling that coin and decreasing the price, and then setting the price for the customers that would then pay you the next day.
There's nothing wrong with that practice by itself when done for the small volume of trading you were doing and I understand the need to not get screwed over by volatility, but when those of us did our FPGA trade-ins for Avalons, we were screwed over very hard, as the price went from $265 to $65 during the months long waiting period from the day we shipped our FPGAs, to the day you set the trade-in rate.
When the trade-in price was actually set, it was the same day Bitcoin price hit $65, which to me indicated that the company you were using to generate your fiat was done selling the coin from the chip and batch 2 sales (which was sitting idle, but was clearly theirs (not yours). Immediately, of course, the price began to rise again from there, pretty much proving that to be the case. I think many of us were quite upset at how obvious the price was manipulated and that you coordinated setting the trade-in rate with whoever was managing the "sale" of your chip and batch 2 sales.
How much of this was your responsibility and how much of this was Yifu Guo's? Why was Yifu ignoring the trade-in people's multiple requests for a trade-in rate from April till July of 2013? Why did he call us greedy when it was clear the price was being massively manipulated in your favor and we only wanted more equitable rates? Also, how long did you guys agree to premine on the Avalons? Just a 24-hour burn-in or was it longer?
@_date: 2017-10-07 12:12:00


Same question back at you: What legitimate reason do you have to oppose 8GB blocks besides the fact that Core opposes it?
The reason why I oppose 8GB blocks is because it hurts decentralization.
The reason why I oppose 2MB blocks is because it hurts decentralization.
If there could be shown to be a pressing need for 2MB blocks, then I'd be more inclined to hear more about the tradeoffs of security, but the S2X position isn't about evidence or even testing, it's about taking control of the coin away from Core. We even have evidence of very-embedded people in the S2X camp talking about how much they despise Core.
The onus isn't on us to show why we oppose 2mb blocks, the onus is on the 2mb block pushers to show why we actually need it and why specifically that amount. When the blockchain spamming happens, it's clearly being used to push an agenda of increasing blocksize to force developers to stop developing, not because of any geniune interest in the raw data or empirical reasons that might indicate some blocksize increases are needed.
I'd rather wait till someone has a solution that we use at scale than to half-ass it and kick the can down the road, otherwise we'll all be here again in two-four years talking about 4mb blocks. IMHO, we need a permanent solution that can be built with consensus that is going to satisfy 85-95% of the total network (coders, users, &amp; miners).
@_date: 2018-07-27 20:51:35


You're right. Capitalism and free markets are the best system and have a proven record for pulling people out of poverty. Pay attention to what Milton Friedman [says about "virtue" and "angels" for guiding the economy at the end of this video]( if you disagree.
@_date: 2015-04-17 22:18:40


Having 50% does not let one change "code".


New hashing power can't attack, it can only include transactions in new blocks or not. If it does something different, that is called "forking" and the theoretical attacker will be operating on a fork that other miners will ignore. Even if they have a majority of the network, they will be moving to a fork that is decentralized. The Bitcoin community is very hostile to centralization and would need to be convinced that mining centralization is in their best interests. Just getting the mining power to 50% the network isn't enough. It requires collusion of people across the entire world.


The only way to devalue the network is by mining and not including transactions and [that has happened before]( Some people would argue that this would be overcome by users increasing transaction fees high enough, and then miners would be more likely to include their transaction in the next block.


Something like "rolling back blocks" because of a fork has actually happened twice already in Bitcoin's history, but they were so noteworthy that it would appear you don't even know about them. I encourage you to read up on what happened and how they were "fixed". In both cases, the price and adoption rates of users to Bitcoin drastically increased in the months following the event, and aside from maybe a few reports of it happening, they were largely seen as insignificant events, because they corrected so quickly by changing or simply ignoring the bad code. 
In the latter of the two previous forks, BTCGuild played the role of the "bad actor" and lost ~400 mined Bitcoins. No one cried over it and it was resolved within 120 blocks when the extra forks blocks were orphaned. In the event that they would have continued and say "screw you" to the entire community, the entire community would have just kept mining the correct old fork and the value of the highly-centralized BTCGuild fork would dissipate. In a sense, it did dissipate, the value of those coins went to $0.
Again, the adoption rate of Bitcoin after the last hard fork went through the roof. The price did as well, from $20ish to $260 by mid-April. It then fell to $50, but never made it back to $20 again.
@_date: 2018-07-25 15:48:19
I agree that they are often tough to talk to, but for an Western ideology that purports to be pro-science, I think there is hope for some of these folks. If we can show that there are naturally-progressing stages of socialism and how it devolves as it needs to be enforced, I think there would be some who would see the practically folly of such implementation.
@_date: 2018-07-18 20:27:32
I think it probably doesn't get talked about as much because you can never be 100% sure that while you were gone someone didn't compromise the laptop somehow. Even with an encrypted drive and other nearly perfect arrangements, it's not always going to be as good as a hardware wallet that always travels with you or remains locked away.
@_date: 2019-09-10 22:51:53
An IRL friend of mine donated 10BTC (which I have to believe is legit as he has a Donator account on the forum) and has said he's not disappointed at all in the results. It was the equivalent of $50 and he's glad Theymos was smart enough to hold it and spend it. He also didn't drop everything on the forum development, he's also paid moderators and etc. Overall it's been fine but very specific angry people (He said "Goat" was a user who complained) continually make new BTCTalk or Reddit accounts and harass Theymos about it every so often.
@_date: 2015-09-23 01:55:53
You could design the system to reside privately but then because the record exists on the public blockchain you and only you will know what those transactions detail without anyone else knowing. It could also then be purely audited without any chance of a third party forging transactions. It's kind of a way to have a covert channel into your home network and every action in that home automation system to be covertly audited/timestapped via unforgeable means. 
People really shouldn't just write all this stuff off. There *might* be a market for this sort of thing.
@_date: 2017-09-11 20:47:00


One can agree with your first sentence without agreeing to the second sentence. 
Also, it's not even that people don't like the gov't as a whole, but that people dislike the CIA/DeepState/Military-Industrial-Finance complex that seems hell bent on keeping the petro-dollar legitimate. It's time to stop taxing **all** currencies as assets and let them float and compete against each other. That means all of the traditionally-mentioned ones: Gold, Cryptos, Fiat dollar etc. Let's see who wins.
@_date: 2019-09-30 20:22:13
Except it isn't a nonissue for 99% of the population unless you think the 2008 crisis wasn't an issue for the US population. The FDIC numbers showed the result of the bank runs in 2008 that were issues for Washington Mutual and Wachovia weren't withdrawals of money under the FDIC limit but [just the amounts OVER the limits being pulled out killed both banks](
Additionally, now the FDIC money is used for **both** commercial and investment banking and it's not yet seen a real world test. We already know there is not enough money at the FDIC to handle any of the top 5 commercial banks failing. In fact, just a few national commercial banks that dabbled in investment banking having bankrupcy issues in 2008 caused a potential crisis along these lines already. 
Dodd-Frank attempted to fix this, of course, but what it put in place, the OLA, has never yet been tested. In fact, it all circles around back to Bail-Ins in the end anyway...
From [a story on the Orderly Liquidation Authority](






So we're back to Cyprus-style "bail-ins" by the depositors being the solution. Anyone who had accounts over 100k euros in Cyprus simply lost 37.5% of their value. In Greece, people with accounts over as little as $100k lost 50% of their value. There are screenshots of people on the Bitcoin forums posting their business balances in the bank having dropped. Many small or medium-sized businesses simply lost their profits and several even had to close because of this.
If this sort of thing happens in the US to a top five commercial bank, there will be easily be tens of thousands of businesses closing, followed by trillions of dollars fleeing the country. Sure, folks under $250k *might* be okay, but if the FDIC has somewhere less than 1% of any single one of the top five banks' deposits covered, that could be an issue. If you don't think that's going to have an impact on every day life in the US, you're sorely mistaken.
EDIT: If you want to get really scary, consider that most banks tell people they can open other accounts in order to insure more money than they have or invest it in other areas of the bank to "duplicate" their FDIC coverage. In reality the truth couldn't be any further from that as [an FDIC misconceptions list from 2014 shows](  and  were two things my own bank told me that I had to research independently to discover was **not** the case. I can't imagine how many people out there are being told these misconceptions about FDIC coverage right now.
@_date: 2017-10-12 14:14:22


Futures markets could easily show the opposite if this was a well-coordinated attack (which I think we're slowly starting to realize it isn't). Your second sentence here is stronger than the first. Do not put it past these jokers to use a few spare million in fiat to try and manipulate futures markets. They probably wouldn't even need more than scores of thousands in fiat if it really came down to it as the volatility on these markets tends to be quite pathetic as well.
The real problem for the 2x crowd is that they don't have a development team to implement the features that will be essential for Bitcoin moving forward, Schnorr, MAST, some form of automated tumbling, etc. Regardless of if this is a paid or coordinated attack on Bitcoin or not, they aren't promising the features that make for a more fungible coin, which means they will lose on a long enough time scale to the rest of us who value money with more fungibility.
@_date: 2015-04-14 16:07:35
It was definitely observed last year (2014), but in 2013 we had the peak of a bubble right around the middle of April.
It's almost like April is comparable to the "October" of the US stock market.
@_date: 2015-09-17 14:41:50
I was under the impression that the VCs were trying to use BitPay to stockpile coin as the price fell, that their "investment" money was being used basically to subtly purchase coin without doing so directly, which is why you rarely saw BitPay doing exchange transactions.
@_date: 2015-04-13 17:23:45
I tell close friends and family, very quietly, when I'm buying and selling. I don't evangelize, though. If you have to pump, it's the wrong time to buy.
@_date: 2018-07-19 19:17:19
I'm sure the "Jeff Sessions" types on the GOP are just as negative on crypto, and probably for the same reasons Sherman is. Politicians are rarely going to understand crypto. 
Plus, they are so resource-starved today they have to beg for fiat 24/7 just to keep their jobs.
@_date: 2018-07-18 17:53:13
While this is certainly a decent method that doesn't get a lot of talk, the problem with it is that you have to make sure you do the same thing when you want to transfer back out of it (ie, setup a new PC) otherwise you are just copying a wallet.dat file to a potentially unclean PC that was used by an unknown number of people (unless you kept the original one secure and unused safely somehow).
@_date: 2015-04-09 14:46:21
This is precisely right. My first mined Bitcoin was in 2010. My first major purchase was in early 2011. I have NEVER complained about the word hoarding because that is exactly what I am doing and have done. At one point in late 2013 Bitcoin had risen so greatly it accounted for 95% of my net worth. I sold maybe 5% of what I owned and have watched my net worth crumble from epic highs, but unless the price drops back under $1 again, I will have always made a profit. As time goes on, I find it unlikely it will even dip below $100 again, but I could be wrong.
I fully understand that longevity and individuals like myself willing to essentially hold forever is what gives Bitcoin its value so I have absolutely no qualms with terms like bubble and hoarding. This is a commodity, just like gold and silver it is going to have its ups and downs, but the long term trend is going to be like any non-fiat store of value.
The only people complaining about the terms like hoarding and bubble are people who think Bitcoin is suppose to be a currency to immediately compete with fiat. It is not that type of unit, it's still a currency, but a currency with a short-term unstable store of value. That is the compromise against fiat. Fiat can promise short-term stability, but all fiat currencies eventually die or get replaced as people realize they are printed with impunity, which is why there are people like me out there willing to forgo the short-term stability for the long-term inevitability of currencies based on commodities to ultimately increase our net worth.
I think it's cool people are interested in Bitcoin for short-term reasons, but let's not lie about what it is, Bitcoins have value because Satoshi and other old miners and purchasers have been hoarding.
@_date: 2018-07-19 20:15:13
No, I'm just offering an equivalent viewpoint and not resorting to tribalism on behalf of either major party.
@_date: 2019-09-18 21:11:08
Concern trolling level 9000...
@_date: 2015-04-08 22:21:27
Be patient, and not patient like days and weeks, but patient like months and years. It was clearly bubbled in 2013 and 2014 and is going to require a relatively stable period before adoption kicks off yet another bubble.
@_date: 2015-04-24 16:04:39
That's not entirely true. There were libertarian hawks like Neal Boortz in the early 2000s that were still in favor of excursions in Afghanistan. Barry Goldwater also believed in a strong military. Ronald Reagan did as well. 
But that said, these types today, like Boortz, were far less enthused about invading Iraq and lying to the American public. There is such a thing as a hawkish libertarian when it comes to legitimately defending the country from attack, however. It's just those libertarians are mostly quieter today, because they've seen what happens as a consequence of being too-apt to go to war.
Now, that said, Rand Paul proposed an amendment that cut social services to pay for increased military spending in order to troll Ted Cruz. Ted Cruz voted against that amendment. The reason Rand did that was to show just how against a balanced budget Cruz is when it comes to military spending, and I don't know any libertarians that would say running deficits are OK.
@_date: 2015-04-09 16:03:49


I don't consider myself significant, honestly, just because my first purchase was in 2011 doesn't mean I own thousands of Bitcoin. As Bitcoin accumulated a few thousand people like myself over a four year period the amount of coin not moving added up pretty quickly, though. There's no doubt in my mind some of my peers have been selling or have sold over time, but they weren't seeling even as it passed $100, which should be surpr
Again, the only real difference is how people approach the "store of value" attribute. Some folks think this is a currency and will buy and sell almost immediately, which is a negligible benefit for some things like maybe remittances. Otherwise will buy and sell over a more medium time period, which right now as been a horribly bad strategy. These were the folks that thought that since Bitcoin didn't go for more than a year without losing price that it was a safe "investment" (despite the fact that the price was lower from June 2012 till July 2012 from a year previous).
People assume that outside of Satoshi there's a few dudes holding tens if not hundreds of thousands of coin and that the distribution isn't very equitable. 12 people owning 100k coin each is still only 10% of the coins. There's a significant number of 1k to 100 BTC holders that are very likely hoarding. They could sell and not significantly move the price given the looks of the exchanges today.
@_date: 2015-04-24 15:51:23


Widespread national appeal. Supporting bankers might get you money, but it doesn't make you popular and you need to be popular to actually win, as Obama showed in 2008.
@_date: 2018-02-02 16:13:44
I keep an envelope with "If past performance isn't indicative of future results, how did I know to create this envelope with this message in it?" in my glovebox for when I have conversations with people about that. Human behavior actually is repetitive in *some* conditions, which is why we keep hearing the same adage of "past performance is not indicative of future results" over and over. 
It's also why we do see patterns in price performances. Nothing is so black and white when it comes to prices over time. Don't rule out the tendency for human behaviors to repeat, even en masse, because they often do.
@_date: 2018-07-06 21:27:17
It's about purchasing power, not economics.
@_date: 2018-07-07 23:02:34
You are just cherry picking a starting date and you know it. Bitcoin was down YTD in 2014 as well. What about the other years since 2010? Do you even invest or save money yourself?
@_date: 2016-09-13 21:47:58
Right now if you run a Bitcoin node your ISP has little reason to care. The government might not like it, but your ISP doesn't care at all.
They do care if you run a TOR node because unlike the 95% of users who do not use all of their available resources, We know ISPs give government agents the home addresses of users who run TOR nodes, however, because sometimes bad people do things over those nodes. You have a right to make a TOR node, but the government makes a regular case of raiding homes where TOR nodes (especially exit nodes) are run in order to provide a disincentive to running one. ISPs also have shown they are often adversarial to the constant traffic being used by TOR nodes, because they actually use and sometimes push the limits of a user's internet usage. They would love to implement data caps so that users cannot properly run TOR nodes. So both the government and your ISP don't want you running a TOR node.
Right now, governments have not yet seen Bitcoin as a threat like TOR, but eventually they might. It would be a lot more difficult for them to tell ISPs that they need the address of Bitcoin node operators, because the ISPs might think you have a right to privacy after the recent Snowden revelations. But if Bitcoin nodes take up massive amounts of bandwidth and are subsequently run by less users, they might be less likely to care about their customers and would gladly provide the government that information.
At some point down the line, some government somewhere (aside from North Korea, which already does this) is only going to allow its citizens to run government-approved versions of certain software, and it'll be a lot easier for them to do that when they only have to raid hundreds of homes at the same time instead of thousands.
EDIT: In a [presentation Gavin gave to the CIA]( (page 3), he estimated 20-30 thousand Bitcoin nodes were being run around the world. Today there is maybe 6 thousand being run. We're not sure, but there is an estimate here that is closer to 5k: 
While there have been better wallets, the general assessment is that people don't want to run nodes because of the extra scrutiny it brings them as well as the hardware and bandwidth requirements.
@_date: 2015-04-08 16:48:19


[The explanation for how to do this]( is pretty straightforward. If you followed it, he wouldn't have any problem restoring your access.


For SMF 1.x forums? Are you sure about that? Though not that it matters, the forums have been modded all to hell with custom changes, which was the reason why theymos was doing the new custom software was to get around the issues we all kind of know there are with the old forums.


I always kind of cringe when I see people give theymos crap. He doesn't have a Bitcoin-related job other than running the forums and making occasional moderator decisions here. He's avoided being marred by the Bitcoin Foundation shenanigans, and hasn't absconded with donator funds from 2011/2012, and sold them at an ideal time to get the funding necessary for the new forums. 
EDIT: The only complaint people could possible make about theymos is that he's very cautious about making any major changes and how he spends funding. In the Bitcoin world, that's hardly a fault.
@_date: 2019-09-09 22:27:30
Is there any hardware wallet that actually handles multisig right now? I've been waiting for Trezor to add it so I can do it. Actually, at this point I'd just be happy with a good software wallet that can do it. Right now the only one I know of that does or used to do it was Copay, right?
@_date: 2017-10-24 20:09:53
Yes, people don't understand just how difficult it is to buy and hold like they think 2011 investors did. Let me relate a story from the time to give you an idea of how hard it was to hold and/or time the market.
Imagine you've got a decent IT job at $40-50k in 2011. You have $1000 you can throw into this new "Bitcoin thing that was just reported online as being used to fund Wikileaks while the government is cracking down on Mastercard, Paypal, &amp; VISA payments. You buy 1k BTC worth at $1 anyway and watch it increase to $5. You decide to sell $1k USD because it makes sense to make back some of your money.
One day you miss the price increase from $5 to $30 and it's fallen back down to $10. Do you buy or sell or hold? The next day it has increased again back to $15, but too bad, you don't get to buy or sell, there was a hack on the only exchange available. They promise they have your funds but the price will open back up at $10 again, do you buy or sell or hold? A few weeks later it has risen to $12 then fallen to $8, do you buy or sell or hold? A month later the number of Bitcoin miners has fallen to $6, do you keep holding? Two months later it's nearing $2, the difficulty has fallen more than 20% from the peak and Wired just released an article about how it was stupid to think any of us could make money "mining" with a GPU. In fact, they are right, it's really no longer profitable to mine in 95% of the US and all of Europe. Do you keep holding?
The answer to all of these questions was "buy buy buy" obviously, but it never *seemed* like the right answer. This is why so many people talk about the dollar cost averaging (DCA) strategy at very very low amounts of investment. That way you aren't really risking anything (you're spending very small amounts of money from your current income) and you're accumulating something that might someday be worth a significant amount of money. Because it was never a significant one-time investment of 5% or more of your net worth, you aren't as likely to sell it all at once for profits, either. For you, there's a point where the DCA strategy will put you at "retirement ready" instead, and you can simply retire and live off what you've accumulated by investing almost nothing every week.
@_date: 2015-04-20 20:29:59
The only thing left to audit is foreign account holdings. Specifically the foreign gold held in the NY bank. If I can't hold gold for foreign entities without being subject to an audit, then why does the NY Fed get a pass on it?
@_date: 2018-02-22 15:32:44


And [you were complaining about "fee problems" just three months ago](
Quote from your submitted post:


So you want "higher fees" but not "too high fees" and believe somehow you and only you can gauge how healthy those fees are?
@_date: 2015-09-28 05:28:54
It looks like PoM commented more on this [here](




@_date: 2018-07-31 16:54:40
I [posted a long explanation of what we know here]( if you're interested. In short, it appears law enforcement attempted to make an example out of him and we're not really even sure what the full events were surrounding this supposed murder-for-hire.
@_date: 2018-07-19 20:09:06
There was more than one person that used the admin account (possibly [Plural of Mongoose aka Variety Jones]( and its not even clear it was Ross operating the account at the time. Not to mention the fact that more than one federal agent eventually got control of the account and not all of the logs were timestamped.
There were reasons why Ross was not pursed on conspiracy charges. Possibly because the conspiracy or hit didn't even involve him.
Suppose it did, though.
A [government agent]( manipulated him using three different chat accounts to agree to do a hit, then possibly more. 
The first account encouraged him to do the hit and was providing him with government information, the second account said it would do the hit, and the third account was from one of his active users that suddenly went silent, because the government agent had already apprehended that user and used the information that user had to put fear into him.
There are reasons why we have laws against entrapment. People are supposed to have faith in their government, not fear of the agents of it. In Ross's case, all of his conversations were manipulated by one person into getting him to make one horrible decision. This one person then stole other coins from Ross and later, the government.
Ross's lawyers were not allowed to use the actions of the agent as a defense for Ross because there was another jurisdiction that had done its own investigation and it was that evidence that was used at trial, but the prosecution was allowed to use another presumably fake "hit" chat log in front of the jury.
For his actions, Ross received two life sentences for essentially running a website for trading goods, the biggest of which is now legal recreationally in several states.
Getting the full story really puts things into perspective, right?
Let's be frank here, he ran a site for drugs. In no way does that justify two life sentences.
@_date: 2015-09-28 04:56:29
lol. Ok, good point, I'll give you that one! :) Sorry you got downvoted. :(
@_date: 2018-07-18 20:24:56
You'd have to have a thief that was smart enough to do this, but you're right in that a [rubber hose cryptanalysis]( run by a state or organized crime would probably be this smart.
Your average thief may not be and may not have the tools on hand to do that sort of a test on the fly.
@_date: 2015-09-27 18:23:17
300,000 Bitcoins, if they held it and used it sparingly, would be one hell of a black budget source for a rogue intelligence agent or agency if Bitcoin ever hit $1k or more again. I'm not convinced this is the actions of just one person in the FBI, it could be someone else or a team that has access to certain investigations. Maybe they are trying to get VJ to turn himself in? 
If it is only one person, and this person has been taking down multiple DNMs by himself, he's either gotta be the greatest living hacker today, or be privy to some really unique exploits and intelligence and have a considerable amount of free time outside of his regular job (which never searches into what he does in his spare time). I would suspect that the truth is going to be much stranger than even VJ thinks.
BTW, [the link]( to where he reveals this story has far more info than the VICE article. He's also posted more information since, and a few of the others have opined on who this --cwt would be.
@_date: 2015-04-22 15:27:50
If Satoshi set out to do Bitcoin the way Ripple is doing Ripple, people would have laughed at him and told him no one had any incentive to purchase units of a digital coin that he himself maintained control over. When Ripple started, it needed trust, and the way it tried to achieve that was through an XRP giveaway to BitcoinTalk users. The idea was basically to subvert the Bitcoin trust network and give a currency legitimacy by undermining its own membership.
However, there was a twist, several people pointed out that [there were a ton of idle accounts on Bitcointalk that were suddenly active]( around that time as well. A few even speculated that these accounts with 1 or 2 posts were even accounts of Ripple staff, purposely placed ahead of time to bump the Ripple giveaway thread. Further still, [an analysis later on]( showed that several of the regulars who opposed TradeFortresses exposure of Ripple's scam on BTCTalk were users who had only shown up during this Ripple giveaway period.
It's undermining of the Bitcoin Trust Network made Ripple survive longer than normal, but its still dying and losing trust now as those same Bitcointalk users that gave it legitimacy now bail. Stellar doesn't help it either.


Are the Ripple Gateways open source? I know the "code" is, but there was talk about having certified Gateways and as far as I knew, those were still hosted by Ripple themselves and they were going to open source those but never did.
@_date: 2015-04-15 00:04:04
If the [AIIB is any indication]( they might be poised to do exactly that. 
@_date: 2015-04-15 21:16:12




You are contradicting yourself. 


Explain how? It would require collusion between bitter enemies and public actors that could be identified and exposed quickly. Alternative pools have overtaken established pools time and time again. Miners gravitate to the best option out of their own volition and attempts to tamper with one pool will cause flight to a better one.
Again, is one issuing authority that works exclusively with one government for over 100 years better positioned to be a global reserve currency issuer over a mathematical algorithm that has had multiple issuers in the last five years with not a single one of them ever possessing the power to confiscate the unit of record or change the rate of issuance?
@_date: 2015-04-15 02:17:42
If you look at the history of Namecoin, the scenario you described actually has happened before in August of 2011. I believe it was cleaned up manually and Namecoin was merge-mined with Bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-09-29 21:02:46
It looks like PoM commented more on this [here](




I think the presumption is that they are in unmoved addresses from 2011-early 2012.
@_date: 2018-07-27 16:57:40


Looks like you've left the conversation, but name a Socialist government throughout history and I can find an instance where they did take property. Even if you use the US as an example I can point to the breakups of Ma Bell and Standard Oil. It happens, there isn't a revolt all the time, but if you do it enough you'll see eventually someone will fight. 
It's usually going to be smaller player that is the biggest in their respective industry, but due to the nature of their product is forced to compete in other industries as well. A good example of this actually is the [Koch Brothers]( who made their early fortune refining, but if one were to have argued they were "too big" in their early years, they would have (and did, btw, precisely because they were worried about communism/socialism) start funding think tanks and other political groups to fight any sort of a takeover. And who can blame them for doing so? Socialism squeezes the life out of competition which is necessary to a free society. It picks winners and losers.


Justice, sure, but the other two are and have been complete failures and they've been nearly wholly managed by government for what? 80 years?
We don't have food problems in this country. That's because food isn't managed by government. Instead we give out vouchers to buy groceries to the poor. While there is some fraud, it's very small. It'd be far better to handle Education and Healthcare in the same manner, give out vouchers and let the schools and health clinics be entirely private, competition will take care of the rest.


Please give an example of a Socialist solution negotiating when it takes control of private property. There is at least one beneficial example to the person losing control historically that I can think of, but I doubt you'd be able to find it unless you're a studious adherent of past socialist policies, and one example doesn't excuse the vast majority of the time where it clearly doesn't benefit the person in control of the private property.


Yes, Trump frequently adopts socialist and totalitarian solutions to his problems. He advocated raising tax rates on higher income earners during the election. Many of his policies and positions are abhorrent, including that stupid wall. I am not a Trump supporter, if that's what you're insinuating.


That sounds like an anarcho-capitalist position, I'm a minarchist. I believe that a government is necessary. I believe that taxes are necessary. I do have a very strong dislike of taxing **more** than absolutely necessary, however, and I'm certainly against the intentional creation of a monopoly in the fields you advocate there should be one. There should only be a monopoly when it comes to police and courts, law enforcement and justice. These are to protect from body crimes, fraud, 


Again, this tends to be an anarcho-capitalist position. I do agree somewhat with the spirit of the NAP, but it gets fuzzy on things like air and water pollution, rights of minors, noise, odors, property rights of airspace or in emergencies, etc. Some of these involved violations that could maybe be handled by criminal cases of fraud, but others aren't so clear-cut.
I guess I'm just not interested in debating straw men or positions that I am not taking here, just socialism. Socialism is not a viable solution just as anarcho-capitalism is also not a viable solution.
@_date: 2015-09-15 16:52:39
We have our own kind of culture here, if folks on the coasts don't understand or even like it, it's okay, but it's a pretty low geo-centric insult along-the-lines of when folks call us the "fly-over states" as if Midwestern is synonymous with undesirable. We grow your food and often have the better middle-income education institutions for your children. It's going to be necessary for people to live here to support that, even if one does find the simpler life "boring".
It's okay, though, I'll go back to my room and drink my pop, which the rest of you seem to call "soda" for some reason. :P
@_date: 2015-09-18 00:23:17
They dropped all charges, which basically means your entire block of text is pointless. If they aren't going to convict him, then there wasn't a crime. My guess is some federal attorney saw what they did and told them if they try to convict the blowback is going to mean all their emails back and forth are going to be exposed and if it comes off like they were targeting him intentionally, it was going to end up worse for them than otherwise. They were likely guilty of entrapment, but Burt couldn't continue to afford the legal help and had to give up.
@_date: 2015-04-16 21:04:06
The first part of your response is essentially a repetition which I've addressed. Countless times people have argued that an external force could co-opt the blockchain using only a few million dollars. The only difference in the argument today is that it now requires a few billion dollars. If this trend continues, the argument is going to be that Bitcoin can never survive because either the US or China could "destroy bitcoin whenever they want". Do you see how lame that sounds?
I don't think you realize the enormity of what I'm saying. I've heard your exact argument once per week on Reddit or Bitcointalk **for the last four years**. Imagine hearing the same argument that something is a pushover to defeat, then when the individual describes how it would be defeated it involves obtaining massive amounts of hashing power that would actually help better the network, make it more secure, and increase the value of the network, thus the main unit of record, instead of "defeating" it. Same argument, **four years**.


No it's not, and sadly I'm realizing just how little versed you are on this. Look into the history of BIP16 and Deepbit. Deepbit was asked to support multi-sig wallet code and they didn't want to make the decision themselves because they knew if they did and the other pools didn't, people would gravitate to the fork that had more decentralization. That's right, a pool was so big it was scared that if it adopted new code that the other pools wouldn't follow and it would cause them to mine on an insecure fork. What you seem to be talking about is a malicious actor and [we've had one of those already](  and survived just fine.
@_date: 2019-09-20 16:19:45
In 2015/2016 it was hovering around like 300-600 or so for what felt like ages.
@_date: 2018-07-31 18:32:53
No, if you read what I wrote I even explicitly point out that one agent was behind three different mediums in his life in order to encourage him to put out a hit. One medium was in the form of a mentor encouraging him to do a hit, one medium was in the form of the person able to do the hit, and one medium was in the form of a missing staffer, which the DEA agent responsible had also subdued/compromised.
In no jurisdiction known to man would there not be a reasonable case for [entrapment](
The state has also not even chosen to confirm or pursue the case that he was the one involved in those chats. It's not impossible that Variety Jones or PoM was involved in those chats. Basically, go reread what I wrote, it's pretty straightforward. We don't know if it was Ross, and whoever it was may have good evidence, if those chats were allowed in the court of law, to make the case for entrapment.
@_date: 2017-10-11 18:19:29
Well, maybe again this is me being nuanced, but the only people that gave a flying crap about that particular signalling BS were the Bitcoin Unlimited folks and the SegWit2X people.
I realize that the signalling stuff was used with BIP16/17 as well, but I complained about it then, too. If Core wants to do something, they should just do it, and if the miners don't like it, they will fork of their own volition or not code for it of their own volition as well.
If Core, for example, changed their base client code to ignore the 21 million coin cap, then the onus would be on the rest of us to fork or keep running a client that respected it.
@_date: 2017-10-16 08:12:37


This is not true if you are implying that key has been used in any form. Yes, he created a key, but no one has ever shown to have received any encrypted message from him nor any cryptographic proof of ownership beyond what was done in 2009/2010 on the website or MIT's keyserver.
Also, it is important to note that the August 2015 email came from a known Satoshi email address and the email did pass SPF legitimacy, which probably doesn't mean much if you don't know what that is but in short it wasn't a spoofed email, it actually came from the email service the original Satoshi used.
Edit: Two other points of note, here. Both Gavin Andresen and Mike Hearn were proposing block size changes around this time and both of them went on a several day hiatus media-wise after this email was posted. Their silence was telling.
Second, this subreddit became briefly unusable shortly after this email was reposted here as well. There were down votes happening to anyone that posted here, all comments and all posts. The site was nigh-unusable for about 24 hours
@_date: 2015-09-27 19:37:53
This is good info that I had not seen before. It looks like these documents start from ~September 2012. Are there any more that detail earlier mixing?
Silk Road was in regular use at least a year prior to that point in time. While ~300k is certainly a huge number, keep in mind my on-again off-again research was done during the first 9 months of 2012 (maybe a little bit going back to November 2011). I'd have to pull some old wallets out of cold storage to confirm this, but that was when the bulk of the 25k legs of tumbling was happening. If he set up a new server in 9-2012, it could have been with just one of these previous 25k legs, because at that point Bitcoin was running back into the double digits, and you could tumble with smaller amounts of coin. Remember it went from like $5 to $13 in Summer 2012 and then back down to $8 again, but given that huge of a change in price, a mixing system might not have needed much seeding by the time Fall came around and it was back around $10/coin.
Again though, you've made a good point, I would say that 300k is extremely high on top of the ~140k or so we knew about. It would mean that Bitcoin's velocity was almost exclusively dark net operations and Satoshi Dice back in 2012...
@_date: 2018-07-27 20:53:33
Hong Kong in the 1960s compared to today is one such example. People there were left free to innovate and that's precisely what they did. Taiwan is another example.
@_date: 2018-07-25 22:14:41


Even the Wikipedia article for Socialism uses the term "social ownership". If you vote and even if 99% of a society agrees to take 1% of another's property, someone has to enforce the taking of that property, right? What makes you think that property will always be freely given? Even if the first person does, the next one might not, or the next one, or the next one, or the next one, ...
If your criticism is that there are wage gaps and income disparity and it is the government's job to fix it, then at some point you are going to need to use force against someone that does not want to give up their property, hence my argument for the stages.
In Latin America, Chavez broke ranks with "democratic socialism" precisely because it failed to solve the income disparities and advocated for ["Socialism of the 21st century"]( of which [the major tenets were not to use violence]( Yet as the wiki article states, ["One of the primary ways that the Chávez administration attempted to fix the problem of economic inequality was by wealth redistribution, primarily via land reform, and social programs."]( Wealth redistribution sounds like using force to me...
From the wiki article about tenets of "21st century Socialism":


Great words, but what happens when a single person says "No"? What happens when your government has to shrink so small that it can't protect its own people from roving gangs?
These are what happen:
* [Venezuela: Lethal violence, a state policy to strangle dissent](
* [Venezuela Breaks Down in Violence](
* [Venezuela's Murder Epidemic Rages on Amid State of Emergency](
* [Mad Max violence stalks Venezuela's lawless roads](
@_date: 2018-07-17 16:50:43


I agree there is an importance to some coins like LTC, NMC, Vertcoin, RVN, etc. The coin has to have a good purpose and vision, though. It's purpose can't be "like Bitcoin, but with our team instead of theirs!"
@_date: 2015-09-27 22:04:36
I get the impression from what I've read that ISIS started with [American weapons &amp; training, Saudi money, and some chemical weapons Turkey captured from Assad]( not from Bitcoin. Then they or their allies [mishandled the chemical weapons]( The US tried to argue it was still worth going to war, but [Russia embarrassed the US on the international stage]( and it retracted its intent and its money and support.
They've since sustained themselves financially by selling oil covertly through [markets in Turkey]( No black budget needed, really.
@_date: 2015-09-28 04:19:17
Predator drones aren't black budget though. I guess I was under the impression that black ops expenses are more salary-based than equipment based, because they require people who they will "disavow any knowledge of" once caught. In that case, 300 million would be enough, especially if they are going to be primarily hacking DNMs.
@_date: 2015-09-14 18:54:01


I agree with your comment, but the insult at the end wasn't necessary.
@_date: 2015-09-28 04:52:01
Yeah, I agree. Or it is possible they are using his compassion against him hoping he will turn himself in voluntarily under threat of hurting Ross's family, which would mean they are resorting to some VERY questionably-moral tactics. None of these outcomes looks good for sure.
@_date: 2015-09-22 21:51:48
This is not FDIC-insured. It is not a bank.
@_date: 2015-09-17 14:34:35
CoPay was still in beta at the time of that, the author of that particular link even mentioned he mixed up 2014 news with 2015 news.
@_date: 2015-04-17 22:22:31
I've always said that these places that let you trade coin on margin are likely to turn out as [bucket shops](
@_date: 2017-10-06 20:40:57
I think people are making the assumption this is what the Digital Currency Group and the others he was working for ultimately came up with as the solution to take political control from the Core developers. It's possible that he and other contributed to this as an attack/solution.
@_date: 2018-07-19 13:14:31
This is still one of my favorites. I wouldn't recommend posting it during the peaks of bubbles, but at times like these, it's often a hilarious look back at the early years.
@_date: 2015-09-27 19:01:36
One thing that always kind of surprised me about the SR coins was that none of the articles that came about seemed to separate out what would be the known sources. There were presumably at least three "wallets", Ross's wallet, the SR wallet, and, if you remember, there was also the tumbler system Ross had implemented which would be at least one wallet. VJ could probably confirm this since he worked with Ross on it, but the tumbler system may have had the majority of the coins, and was tumbling out percentages of Ross's profits to his wallets and the Silk Road vendors' wallets (representing the coin not incoming or outgoing).
I did some independent research (like many others) in 2012 regarding how the tumbler system worked. There appeared to be "legs" of the system that seemed to constantly tumble in via deposits into ~25k worth of Bitcoin, and then would (when manually activated, or at least it looked manual given that the times it would flip from one to the other) subsequently tumble out a separate leg of 25k into withdrawals. The system didn't change much over the time I observed it (off and on over ~9 months), and the 25k "limit" seemed to stick except in one instance where I saw one leg get up to 75k worth (and keep in mind, that was just one I observed). I'm sure there's an independent blockchain analyst around here that could confirm this as I couldn't have been the only person interested in this, or someone from a research institution that could go into more detail into what they found back in 2012/2013. I know for a fact that deposits and withdrawals worked this way, though, and I suspect they work the same with with most of the other DNMs today, too. But I'd also be the first to admit I'm not horribly well-versed in this, I was just only slightly interested in how it worked. Surely someone reading this knows more.
I don't know how one could definitively say that there is not 300k that isn't accounted for, anyway, there hasn't been a very open post-mortem on how SR's tumbler worked, and this "Diamond" person could have been the guy that found the damn thing to begin with, or another agency (IRS, NSA?) or group within the FBI that compromised it correlating with Ross's arrest, which would be surprising, but not impossible to have hidden from other investigators, who somehow thought 140k was "enough". Have all the legs of the SR tumbler system from 2011-2013 truly been identified yet?
It seems PoM has [commented on this here](




@_date: 2015-04-15 15:54:42
There is [some discussion here]( Read, in particular what Casascius is saying. I guess it was happening even in July, but by August it was really bad. Basically what would happen is people would throw hashing power that was normally at Bitcoin to Namecoin for one week, then the difficulty would retarget in only one week because of all the hashing power. Then it would take ~4 weeks under the original hashing rate to "reset" the difficulty back down to where it should be, where people would then start mining it again. Eventually I think it got to a point in August where they were looking at like a 3 month difficulty reorganization and only 2 blocks/hour or something like that. It was pretty easy to convince people to merge-mine at that point.
@_date: 2018-07-25 15:38:36
No, you're not crazy, and I think you're right.
This is a really good explanation of what seems to have went wrong. While the node is good for routing high-value transactions, these are fiat-banker level wire fees, that's a good reason why he's probably getting rejections.
EDIT: Actually, as dvide points out, it's not even good for high-value transactions as the option to do them on-chain for much cheaper exists.
@_date: 2015-04-17 22:37:08
That's odd that 2011 still has a sharp kick up to $30. Does this start in 2012 or something?
@_date: 2018-04-03 20:57:40
I know, I don't understand what people are talking about when they say this could crash Bitcoin. It's like MtGox and the Willy bot. There was a lack of *Bitcoins* after the Gox failure that vastly outpaced the lack of cash. The Willy and Markus bots [purchased $379m of coin over their run]( The vast majority of what was owed to the MtGox creditors was coin, not cash. In fact, when there were withdrawal problems, people were buying back into coin to get their funds off of Gox, not the other way around. If the rumors that Tether are illegit were true or even rumored to be, that should mean the price of coin is going to go up, not down.
@_date: 2018-04-09 00:35:44
I agree with you on most of these, but when the Gox seller is looking to sell enough coin to take us to $2k on any single exchange by selling just 1/12 of what he wants to sell, I think it's safe to say that an OTC buy trade might be very feasible for certain large holders right now.
@_date: 2015-04-16 18:39:32


Two years ago today it was worth $80/coin.
Three years ago today it was worth $4.95/coin.
If you get to pick arbitrary dates, so do others. "Store of value" is going to be in the eye of the beholder for sure, and if your perspective is long term, "decent store of value" is a reasonable assement.
@_date: 2017-10-12 16:12:25


This is the problem with consensus. It's impossible to know.
EDIT: SegWit2X has set block 494,784 to hard fork, my bad.
@_date: 2016-10-17 06:22:02
As this example shows, the rhetoric around bigger block increases being necessary will become even more common as solutions showing they aren't necessary become more available.
@_date: 2017-10-16 08:22:53
There is absolutely no proof of Satoshi signing any message whatsoever, though. His modus operandi has always been to speak plainly. He decided not to stick around long enough to need to participate with the community in this way. Either that or he only needed it if someone attempted to impersonate him.
@_date: 2017-10-12 13:49:42
Some of them are buy-side whales.
@_date: 2019-09-18 14:56:48
seems to exist for this. Please note, I only just learned about this subreddit and cannot vouch for it. I also sub to but it's not great.
@_date: 2018-04-06 16:01:37
What's with the hard-coded IP in this code?


@_date: 2018-07-25 15:41:46
Yeah, I've seen some really good photoshops, but those usually fail the Tineye test (you can find the original image). I guess I just used Tineye to rule any possibility of it being a modified public image out.
@_date: 2018-04-10 19:02:11
If you think this is funny, you should read some of the buttcoin posts from five years ago.
@_date: 2015-11-20 15:48:59
Exactly, this is sensationalist nonsense that there'd be a crackdown.
@_date: 2018-04-09 18:39:10
I suppose this brings up a really interesting point or opportunity for profit if one was in-the-know. 
In a world where fiat is near-free to some of these companies or something they already have a lot of (like Apple sitting on nearly 285 billion in USD fiat), wouldn't they be better positioned to buy cryptocurrencies (specifically, say Bitcoin) with some of their international fiat (say half), and then issue stock on a Bitcoin sidechain, then, as the price appreciates in comparison to fiat as more people want to buy their crypto-assets, sell that cryptocurrency at the same rate that they issue ownership while buying back ownership in fiat of their NYSE, NASDAQ, etc. stocks?
In that way, they are not realizing gains, or if they do realize gains, they are arguably offset by the ownership loss in the crypto side-chain.
This might be a way to (in a way) re-appropriate international cash without taking an immediate huge financial hit on it, plus delve into sidechains without putting in more commitment than their own stockholders are prepared for. I am not an accountant/lawyer, however, so this should not be construed as legit advice, just something to ponder.
If the companies could do this, however, it'd be extremely bullish for sidechains and the cryptos that support them.
@_date: 2016-10-03 16:00:49
Bitcoin was an experiment to an extent. We all wanted it to succeed, but we knew the likelihood it would was tenuous. 
I'd say somewhere between 2012 and 2013 it became less of a "this might work someday" and more of a "this is working now". We just hadn't yet had the right philosophical debate on the direction of scale that we needed to. I think we've kind of resigned ourselves over the last two years to realizing that no matter what the block size is set to, Bitcoin is going to have to be a settlement layer. 
That said, there's no reason stuff cannot be built on top of it to make it more like a payments system. That's where all these latest developments that we're excited about come from.
@_date: 2018-04-24 15:47:16


It's fraud, we don't need new laws to punish for that, every country already has laws against fraud.
@_date: 2018-04-03 18:58:23
Thanks. I get the impression most people here weren't actually interested in an economist's opinion on Bitcoin, but just wanted confirmation that their suspicions that "economists don't understand Bitcoin" were warranted. I'm not sure that's true, I think a decent number *do* understand it, but still see it with skepticism despite its relative success.
@_date: 2015-09-27 21:41:29


Is that actually his middle initial? I don't want to speculate on that. Truth is always stranger than fiction. There are some aspects of this story that seem very convenient for VJ himself.
I have to say, though, it is REALLY weird that VJ was NOT apprehended given what happened to everyone else. It could be he just moves around a lot, but if someone was feeding him info on how to elude authorities from within the FBI itself that would be bad enough, if it ended up being the guy that was basically responsible for the whole SR takedown, it'd mean we must regularly have sociopathic government employees that appear to be going rogue in major agencies. That'd be embarrassing on the international stage.
I think it's more likely the agency itself is trying to trick VJ to turn himself in, or this is all a load of BS. Assuming the 300k actually even exists, then VJ would most definitely want to expose that it does exist, so he could somehow verify that this is either a rogue agent or the government concocting a scheme to get him to turn himself in. Why they are talking about kidnapping people and etc seems pretty damn bizarre, though. Why they are only paying $700 overseas to catch him is even stranger.
Surely this FBI agent he supposedly messaged can confirm or not that he received VJ's emails, right? Sounds like that's what journalists should verify first if they don't believe him.
@_date: 2018-04-04 16:56:38
Yes, the technobabble is kind of bad at times, but it's still a pretty good show. It's on Netflix right now, usually a season behind whatever season is airing.
@_date: 2018-04-06 19:51:13


No, they *both* provide value. Legitimate arguments can be made that the store of value has a greater impact, but I'm not going to argue that point because you are expressively excluding it from even being a contender which is easily dismissable by a single example. 
Money is a matter of functions four: a medium, a measure, a standard, a store. All of these provide value to the money in question. We've known this since William Stanley Jevons in the late 19th century.
Bitcoin is both a "store of value" and a "medium of exchange". Virtual game currencies are a better medium of exchange than Bitcoin by your standard alone and should be worth more, right? But they aren't, so why not? 
It's because they are a horrible store of value.
@_date: 2018-04-03 18:31:34


I feel obligated to point out that if Satoshi was going to start participating in actual trading, mining, and etc. as a newly non-anonymous member of the community, he would have probably started sometime shortly after December 2010 when he decided to stop posting because "Wikipedia kicked the hornet's nest".
He probably realized he would never be able to touch his original coins and that the new interest would require that he become just a normal person, perhaps operating as if he was a miner/trader/developer just like anyone else. Even if not doing this in 2010 with a new nym, then at least in 2011 or 2012. Doing so in 2013 only makes sense if you weren't actively invested in it or only became so when the price started going moon again. I don't know how someone could say they were Satoshi and watch the price rise in 2012 without getting in then. This basically rules Craig out as being Satoshi, IMHO.
@_date: 2018-04-18 14:58:28
This is a common misconception, that forking is bad. That's not entirely true, it just comes with a risk of people continuing to run on the older fork for political reasons. 
Some forks are intentionally political, too. The user activated soft fork (UASF) was an example of a political fork in support for a developer-intended fork. Many devs at the time wanted the fork to go through, but it required 95% acceptance and there was miner's reluctance to accept the fork without political compromise. The users running Bitcoin notes, however, overwhelmingly demanded that segwit be activated or they would cause a fork that had it, thus very likely killing the fork that did NOT have segwit in the long run. 
Some devs helped the users with their demands and the UASF succeeded, but not before some "titans of industry" blowhards tried to elevate their status by pretending to broker an agreement between miners and users, which was really just them telling the miners to throw support behind them so that they could say they succeeded later on and thus get to dictate Bitcoin policy into the future. They called their solution SegWit2X, and claimed they were working with users. But what really happened is they didn't communicate AT ALL with the users and ultimately capitulated to the users demands, who were going through with a UASF for segwit no matter what. They attempted to create a miner activated fork with SegWit2X, but support for it among users was very light and even outright hostile in some cases. They "canceled" it in November, which to everyone's surprise showed just how centralized the "movement" for the SegWit2X fork really was.
@_date: 2016-10-01 15:29:35
My favorite comment about ZH ever is that "Zerohedge has successfully predicted 12 of the last 2 recessions."
Even though it's a joke, there's no joking when it comes to Western economies and Zerohedge's constant watchdog-like attitude. Nothing escapes them.
@_date: 2015-11-09 05:47:53
I've always kind of considered trades/transactions as equivalent to speech. In that sense, you'd think there'd be some lawyer somewhere that sees "transactions" that are merely making changes to the "ledger" as nothing more than free speech.
So, if true, wouldn't that lawyer have to say that if it is speech it cannot be regulated by more than one agency if any at all? In the US, we have the SEC saying it's a security, FinCen saying it's money, and CFTC saying it's a commodity. They can't ALL be claiming it falls under their jurisdiction right? Especially if Citizen's United, based on the earlier ruling of Buckley v. Valeo, claims that spending money can be seen as a form of political speech, then it would appear that there is a strong argument that spending Bitcoins shouldn't be regulated at all. And that's just the deontological side of it. The consequentialist argument would be that any country that does not limit trade of this coin (for example, the UK right now) would be at a huge advantage over others that do (New York, the US as a whole).
If anyone is a lawyer that is willing to argue for this case, and can give some examples of other case law that could make this point salient, I'd very much like to talk to you. Thanks.
@_date: 2015-11-06 17:46:04
I still use it. They have more edgier news stories and their politics section blows away. There are still things I don't like about it but it's possible to have an actual discussion as a non-liberal there.
I still think voat.co might eventually replace reddit for me to be honest. They just need to keep growing slowly and not as fast as they had before. The discussions there aren't one-line tripe and there are clearly some educated people on there.
Unfortunately, the Bitcoin portion is pretty non-existent right now.
@_date: 2015-11-16 18:39:54


Not really. The net effect of it is that Ethereum was created by a bunch of people getting together to sell Bitcoin to create basically a new altcoin. That code, however, can be used with sidechains to take advantage of the inherent value Bitcoin has. Ethereum's value is in its early adopters not taking advantage of its higher value. Inevitably one of them will sell ether and will sell significantly or people will realize that ether is backed by less individuals than are behind Bitcoin right now. 
Not to mention that it only takes a single one of them to sell in any significant manner to have the equivalent effect as if Satoshi started selling his Bitcoin from 2009.
@_date: 2018-04-27 14:13:04
It was a combination of maintaining ASIC boost and also an attempt to wrestle control away from developers who are in favor of fungibility fixes to Bitcoin, IMHO. 
@_date: 2018-04-16 18:44:32
To a certain extent, the benefits of decentralization **are** of a "herd mentality". A belief that through code-reinforced non-centralized governance we can do better than any centralized authority.
I'm pretty sure the *appeal to authority* hidden in a "qualified to judge" comment is a regressive statement given that we've tried the authority-based system and it failed in 2008 rather spectacularly.
And even if you don't believe 2008 was any sort of a failure, you have the arguments in the linked video that pretty much spell out that the whole marriage of modern-day banking/finance, economics, and government has been a spectacular failure over the long run as well.
@_date: 2015-11-06 21:13:04
lol, nice try.
EDIT: If Satoshi isn't coming out to deal with the blocksize controversy (aside from the email sent to the development list) or spending his coin, I highly doubt he's going to even come anywhere close to identifying himself to anyone.
@_date: 2018-04-09 16:25:34
If I had to venture as legitimate of a guess as I could, I would finger the blame right at the MtGox trustee.
Here's what I suspect has happened. He has gotten approval to sell the coin, but since the [cold wallets are now being watched]( he has handed over the private keys to an exchange or group that is selling the assurances that they will deliver the coins proportionally to the exchanges as long as they can guarantee a set-in-stone average price for the Gox trustee.
Exchanges and other entities catering to high net worth individuals have offered some of these services in the past to whales, it would not surprise me if the same thing was happening right now. If so, it means the price will not surpass $7300 (or whatever average amount) for very long till the Gox trustee gets what he wants.
There are, however, some legitimate points being made about individuals selling for tax reasons, but these don't explain the particular pattern of sales that we are seeing today, IMHO.
It'd be better if the trustee sold the coins OTC at a set rate to someone wanting to get in big, but my guess is no one has been found yet, so they are going to keep selling large amounts this way for the time being.
@_date: 2018-04-06 19:09:07
Okay, but then by your own metric, "unique uses daily" != "connected users". I have coin that has sat unused in some cases going back 7 years, I'm "connected" in that it's still active coin, you just don't see it used, just like someone can have a fax machine that adds value to the network according to Metcalfe's law without actually seeing use. 
If your argument matched the thing you were using as a basis for the argument, I'd take what you had to say more seriously, but it doesn't, it specifically excludes those of us that rate Bitcoin as a higher store of value than medium of exchange.
EDIT: Worse, if you take the inverse of this, I could design a very centralized coin that has 0 transfer fees and generate quadrillions of unique addresses and just record transactions between them, artificially creating the parameters that you think are so integral to a network's value. I think you need to look a little harder at this and come up with a better metric that takes into account legitimate growth.
I do think we are living in a "popped bubble" time frame that should round itself out by early May (or possibly as late as you say, June), but I really question the significance of Metcalfe's law with regard to only unique daily transactions.
@_date: 2018-04-11 04:12:41
There's also something called [Thiers' law]( While it had some application during the Weimar Republic in Germany, unfortunately the wiki article doesn't talk about **why** Thiers proposed the law. The gist of it is that "bad money drives out good if it's legal and there is no easy alternative", thus adapting Gresham's to put this clear stipulation on it. Thiers' main work was on the history of the French revolution where bad money existed, but there was an alternative and it was one that the public was want to procure. The livre suffered because people simply rejected it.
@_date: 2015-11-05 07:17:00
Oh believe me, I monitor new coins constantly. But I have to argue, why does it need to be that way?
It is probably important to note here that my enemy isn't the US gov't, but as a US citizen, I don't want to be both scrutinized or have my position as a trader jeopardized. Let's say I sold some ASIC miners when they were a hot commodity to someone overseas that almost certainly had dealings with SR. They exist in a country that the US doesn't have jurisdiction in, yet they'll target **me** when I sell my coin. Then, the person in the other country shits all over my reputation in trust networks when they are harassed because of US foreign policy against drug traffickers and the CIA (or whoever) gets involved.
This might seem like an absurd instance, but is it really? I mean, every time Coinbase closes an account, I have to wonder if it's because they saw a user that happened to trade with someone that had ties to dark net markets. This screws over US traders. It makes us weaker. Our own gov't is opposing us being worthwhile traders.
Trust reputations are destroyed in this process. US policy only seems to make US traders the absolute worst to trade with. 
7 billion people in the world and I happen to be part of the 320 million that cannot trade effectively with the rest because I live in a country that harasses those I do business with? Pardon me if I'm upset about that.
@_date: 2015-11-13 16:15:54
From a financial services perspective, this could potentially bring things like bonding and insurance to the Bitcoin world. From a technical perspective, it's so much more, but getting into the details becomes very non-ELI5 very quickly. Even the term "micro-payments channel" conjures up an image that isn't exactly what a layperson would think it means.
@_date: 2017-05-12 00:47:17
Please do. I feel like you've done yourself a disservice by not doing a write up on it. It's pretty big tech news in general, not just Bitcoin news, but only having it as a Twitter link and not an article with some more technical info to duplicate means it probably won't get a lot of traction in the news till your full article is up. Good job regardless!
@_date: 2017-05-08 23:21:21


I always do. Thanks!
@_date: 2015-11-05 19:47:01
Yes, every time they tell us we have to record who we do business with because we are a MSB, I am being harassed.
@_date: 2018-04-24 15:35:58
As long as [legal tender laws]( remain in place and assets like Bitcoin and gold are taxed, the war on central banks isn't over.
@_date: 2015-09-22 21:49:29
It's actually an old trading strategy where you essentially buy and sell minuscule amounts but *settle* at lower or higher amounts. People forget that a signal to buy or sell is information and that information is valuable, in fact, you can often trade based on that information. Exchanges like Circle are big enough that they can make larger trades based on the fact that their users are converting to USD. The limitations themselves actually serve to make this process easier, to an extent.
There's some indication that the bot at MtGox was operating this way, though the process by which it was happening was quite convoluted and clearly designed without having the actual cash basis on hand.
@_date: 2015-09-17 15:20:56
I'm still interested in multi-sig support.
@_date: 2018-07-25 14:36:28
[Tineye reports there are no duplicates for this image found on the Internet]( so I would say this is an original image and proof enough of the author's legitimacy as a Venezuelan at least.
@_date: 2018-04-04 16:59:05
The technical scenes can be kind of cringe-inducing, but it's not a bad show. There's been a few instances where Aram "hacks the hacker" in a very unbelievable and unrealistic way, but for an action-oriented TV show, there's been far worse out there (CSI/NCIS, *ahem*).
@_date: 2016-10-11 14:34:13
If you've been cost-averaging while the price was falling like someone who actually believes in their investments, you'd likely be ahead right now. IMHO, the only reason why we were lingering at 50% for so long was because there's finally some people from 2013 who did cost-average and they are done taking their profits.
EDIT: Also, as other have stated, the market cap high from 2013 has already been "beaten".
@_date: 2016-10-06 17:09:46
Because blocksize matters. Blocksize matters because without thousands of node operators, your coin can be controlled by government intervention or even the threat of government intervention.
@_date: 2015-11-25 21:40:33
I am not sure, but there were a few holdouts among billionaires that were repeating that Bitcoin had to be regulated before they'd even consider it. So now with FinCEN, SEC, IRS, CFTC, and etc now all regulating it or various aspects of it, there should be absolutely no excuse for these pompous rich bastards not owning any.
@_date: 2017-05-08 01:38:34
Without a display, there's always a risk of side-channel attacks.
EDIT: I meant MITM attack. The initial synchronization to give the ledger a screen (sync to phone) must go through uncompromised channels.
EDIT2: NM, I'm an idiot. Didn't know it had a display!
@_date: 2016-05-24 14:46:21
Not at all. In 2013 I received one of the first batches of ASICs, I knew others in the same group that were farming with 1-5% of the total hashing power at the time. Even these people spread their hashing power out over multiple pools. 
Multi-pool mining is a regular thing for farms that choose not to run their own pool, and many mine at multiple pools simply to prevent any one pool from being boosted too much by their hashing power and because reliance on any single pool is a non-optimal mining strategy.
If one of the pool operators for a pool I was mining on started making very political statements, I think I might decide to move it out of my rotation. I did back in the days before BTCGuild topped the charts anyway. Not for anything Eleuthria said, but something another pool operator said and moved TO BTCGuild because of it.
@_date: 2017-05-04 03:08:15


I agree with you on this. Oddly enough, theymos has made a few recommendations for alt-coins on the Bitcointalk forums that haven't had a lot of discussion but I noticed [one of them had a pretty interesting take]( that could be used a check and test for an alt-coin needing newer block sizes. It's possible that alts like this could be used as a testing ground for such ideas.
@_date: 2017-05-23 00:44:00
@_date: 2016-05-04 04:40:19
The email for this account was compromised, but it was at a later date. I am personally of the opinion that the p2p foundation post and the August 2015 vistomail post to bitcoin-dev were both legit. The non correct SPF post from the vistomail to bitcoin-dev in December 2015 was not legit, obviously.
@_date: 2015-10-28 15:11:00
You are correct. I guess I was referring to the GUI. Something simple enough I could share it with my family/friends.
@_date: 2015-03-27 14:54:21
This is sometimes the first argument that people passively familiar with IT security but unfamiliar with economics and practical security will use to discredit Bitcoin.
There's no doubt that blockchain technology has increased the amount of interest in IT security and hashing functions, but sha256(sha256(x)) isn't used anywhere outside of building blocks on the Bitcoin (and a few other alts) blockchain.
@_date: 2015-11-05 06:44:57
I have not read the book but I actually just queued it up on Amazon because it does seem relevant.
I would guess innovators were the folks active prior to the crash in 2011. Many of us got in around the "you can use Bitcoin to fund Wikileaks" hysteria of 2010/2011 and that bubble and crash. I would then guess "early adopters" refers to the folks that got in during 2013 and the SR and Cyprus debacle.
So then that leave now to be the time for "early majority" which the book seems to indicate is the pragmatists. Since the Winklevoss ETF just went live, I'm going to guess this basically means all these banksters who are now seeing the power of "the blockchain" and think it's great, but will drop their trousers the second a regulator says "but we need to watch you and spy on your customers."
It shouldn't be any surprise based on the above, where I fall. I think that if the book is highlighting how visionaries and pragmatists have very different expectations, it's probably spot on. It's not that I'm opposed to government control when it comes to fiat, but I have serious reservations about capitulating to regulators. The same methods used to hide the source of money by money launderers is used by early adopters to hide their money from the general businesses or charities they want to spent it with. I don't want to become a victim to some random company because they happened to see I paid from an address that shows I have a net worth higher than they do.
I think I need to read this book to see how to overcome this obstacle and find common ground with pragmatists, because when I hear banking people talk, all I hear is how willing they are to bend over for regulators.
@_date: 2015-03-12 14:31:24
Even though he mentioned it only briefly, the fact that he knew that smart contracts could provide a solution/alternative for intellectual property shows he clearly understands at least a few of the theoretical concepts Bitcoiners have talked about over the last 3 years. It's encouraging, I just hope 21 doesn't turn into another Circle or Coinbase that thinks they have to "work within the system" rather than engage the system head on and challenge it.
I want a US financial system where my identity is not directly stored with entities I do business with and thus I don't have to worry two years from now about identity theft when some random exchange goes bust. That's incompatible with current US law. I'd rather see the law changed to respect our rights to be secure in our papers and effects than to capitulate to bad laws. It's as simple as that. We know the rules and regulations we live under are morally wrong, it's our responsibility to come up with solutions to fix them.
@_date: 2015-11-13 16:47:40
Not sure why you're being downvoted. Bitcoin succeeds because government fiat has failed and lost the people's trust. 
I think probably the US bank bailouts were the biggest outright display of fiat having failed. To date, not a single person has been prosecuted for events leading up to the crisis, a huge change from the [Savings and Loan fiasco]( from the late 80s/early 90s. Criminal charges were filed and people were thrown in jail for fraud. 
It seems pretty clear that 2008 had its fair share of fraud as well, but no one was prosecuted for it. Hence, the desire for a new type of currency. Programmers, as fragile as they may think Bitcoin is, are still leagues better than government regulators and fiat bankers at having built a technically-secure backbone, whereby no one entity can just create coin out of thin air to give to fraudsters running ponzis or etc.
And let's be honest, the entire system of fractional-reserve banking is questionable. We basically give more fiat to bankers for having lended out fiat. [Quantitative easing]( is rewarding bankers for having created bad financial assets.
People have plenty of reason to trust a system developers think is fragile, because the developers themselves are saints compared to the folks running the fiat schemes.
@_date: 2016-10-12 20:53:47
Don't fret it, every experienced trader (Bitcoin or otherwise) has done this at least once. It changes the way you trade and you learn from it. Don't live on the day-to-day for something that will change minds over decades.
@_date: 2016-05-23 17:16:43
By the time it makes it there, it will be because so many people have asked for it to be a 401k option that it signifies the top of whatever the next bubble is going to be.
@_date: 2015-10-22 16:48:49
I agree with you regarding short and medium-term investing and as generally good advice for emotional investors and to thwart meme-like posts like this one, but whenever I hear comments like yours as a long-term investor, it reminds me of [this]( and I do chuckle a little.
@_date: 2016-05-24 16:01:10


That might be the $100k question, actually. 
The general consensus seems to be that Bitmain is legitimately wanting to be a mining equipment provider for the long-term, so they innovate, test, sell, then repeat it all over again, making sure to keep their income as a reseller instead of trying to be an actual mining farm, but now that Antpool has gotten as big as it has, they work with other large miners that want to buy their hardware and don't care where they mine, so long as they can remain at 30-40% in the pool charts, maybe. So they make a batch of new miners and sell %60 of them and they can safely hook up their 40% as the 60% are received.
They know Bitcoin is only valuable as long as it doesn't look like they are controlling the network. Now that they've made [this particular statement]( however, people might go to Bitfury for solutions instead.
It's hard to tell what is going to happen, though, as this is the closest we have to a "farms but also pools" company in the Bitcoin space. I suspect it'll still go the way of Deepbit, BTCGuild, slush, etc. though.
@_date: 2017-05-30 01:51:49
Wrong email. This was the vistomail one.
@_date: 2015-03-27 15:14:25
Gold's been around for a few billion years. I'd say it has got a pretty good track record of survivability, even if there's maybe a question as to how long it has held a value.
@_date: 2016-05-22 05:36:31
You can be a Bitcoin expert and still be a bad trader. Don't look to personalities for pricing advice.
@_date: 2016-05-06 00:19:20
I don't only read the USA Today, but it is worth noting they broke the story on the phone wiretapping scandal and what happened to the Qwest CEO back in 2006.
@_date: 2017-05-23 00:48:41
[Plural of Mongoose]( Be prepared to do a [lot of reading](
[This is the most recent article]( I can find about him.
He's also briefly mentioned in [this Playboy article (warning NSFW, maybe?)]( I'll paste the relevant text below, especially the question about who logged in as DPR after the site went down and Ross was in jail.












EDIT: This is linked further down, but [there is suspicion the chat logs were also manipulated and evidence was removed post-seizure](
@_date: 2015-10-21 20:56:52
Just as long as it represents a single mBTC, I'm OK with this. It'll look like a cheap NASDAQ stock.
@_date: 2015-11-16 20:06:10
Well, until the Chinese get special drawing rights with the IMF, there isn't any other currency out there I'd consider moving into, honestly, and even with the yuan I'd want some sort of a legal assurance they will never debase again. (which they should be able to give because SDRs will essentially guarantee them they'd never need to debase again).
@_date: 2016-10-11 19:36:12
There are costs associated with buying and selling coin in the US. You will make a very thin profit. Also, people don't just do single arbitrage trades like that anymore. If you're going to go risky, go risky.
It's more profitable to [carry trade]( and use a non-US currency that you've borrowed to buy and then exchange into a US one which you then use as collateral to loan more. What tends to happen is the smarter investors have larger and more elaborate patterns and those get used instead, while smaller differences between two similar exchanges are usually taken advantage of by people that can't do math or have never actually tried to arbitrage. There's costs associated with everything that most people don't take into account.
@_date: 2016-05-23 17:29:43
I think people overestimate just how many early adopters there were or how much we trusted the technology. Also, this was right after the financial crisis, so putting "thousands of dollars" on a very experimental project was not a gamble many of us were actually willing to take. Especially when you had people like artforz laughing in IRC about selling 8k coin on MtGox and then rebuying another 8k 20 minutes later for a profit. 
There was a lot of early back-and-forth in the early days between maybe a few hundred "players" and we were all on IRC or the forums and all knew each other. Even telling someone you wanted to buy "Gox dollars" in IRC would pump the price (back when you couldn't move your dollars into MtGox except through an intermediary). It was a pretty raw time till sounder investment options like Dwolla and bank wire become available to the average Bitcoiner.
The thing I don't really get is that this guy says he invested heavily in "early 2010". There was only one or two people on the forums that were even technically selling, and it was kind of an over-the-counter trade, no set pricing was really "in place" till the pizza incident. I'm not sure people even looked at Bitcoins as anything resembling an "heavy investment" back thing. Maybe if he was in college a big investment was $100, even.
@_date: 2017-05-10 19:30:16
His actions today are too similar to those of one who owns very few coins compared to his actions of yesteryear as one who we know owned many. He's actively hurting Bitcoin and knows it.
@_date: 2015-10-27 20:02:09
There's a couple of different reasons, but if I remember correctly, the folks that got into GBTC originally had coin held with the trust and, after a year, were able to convert it into stock. Most of these people bought in a year before when GBTC first came out, in March 2014. The year rate from March 2014 to 2015 was a huge drop in price, while the price now from October 2014 to October 2015 was a less-significant drop in price.
My guess is that most of those people sold out immediately at the lower prices and/or there is a disparity in the type of owner of GBTC versus actual BTC owners right now. Another way of saying this is that there are more GBTC holders today willing to sell at the equivalent of a ~$280 coin than there are BTC owners willing to sell at the equivalent of a $290 coin.
Plus, and this is probably the best advice I can give someone interested is that it looks like the average volume is under 3k for GBTC. That's not liquid enough to see a fair valuation, IMHO. At some point GBTC might be sufficiently liquid, but right now it seems like it's not getting traded frequently-enough.
@_date: 2017-05-23 01:02:51
A lot of the time you really have to dig and search for this stuff. Whatever ends up happening for a movie about Silk Road, I can guarantee you the truth behind the whole thing will end up being far more bizarre.
@_date: 2017-05-08 04:28:31
I have the ability to change over a reasonable number of nodes to a USAF. I've been kind of holding off hoping that the miners would see reason, but some of the attacks against you (especially on the BTCTalk forums) have convinced me that a USAF is the only way to proceed with getting SegWit activated. The ad-hominems are getting to be irksome, that is. I also disagree with Greg on the USAF point; I think it's time the users, especially those like me, start getting active.
I'd like to do this over the course of the next two weeks as several of my nodes are running on VPNs in various jurisdictions. Do you have a particular binary you would recommend? A few of my nodes are built from source but the vast majority are signed binaries from Wladimir J. van der Laan. I'll admit I've not followed events as closely as I probably should have, so I'm completely unsure as to what actions to take.
I saw some instructions for building from source the other day, but they were on Windows and for my Windows nodes I don't typically build from source but just use binaries. I don't mine building from source for the Linux nodes.
@_date: 2015-10-28 14:22:53
It's too bad it seems to be dying. Multi-sig isn't in Bitcoin Core's GUI, so there's no other open source roll-your-own-multi-sig.
Edit: clarified "GUI". Also, my comment is incorrect inasmuch as Copay exists, but I wasn't aware it was fully open sourced when I made this comment, and it does require you run your own Bitcore server if you want to have private transactions.
@_date: 2016-10-31 14:43:42
We didn't even have pools till 2010 so you would have either found a whole block of 50 in 2009 or none at all. My guess is you either mean 2010 or 2011 (it was still very possible to mine 2 btc in a few days in 2011 with a GPU or GPU farm).
@_date: 2017-07-31 15:35:15
I'm still trying to determine how WizSec were able to distinguish from "internal storage" and "normal storage" for the wallets in question.
@_date: 2016-05-04 15:00:04
Honestly, you're right. I think he was doomed the second he signed the NDA and landed in the UK. From there it's all a question of how much CW can push him to compromise because it'd have been a huge waste of time for Gavin to have come the whole way for it to have been a charade.
I think back to Fox Mulder and the "I want to believe" poster...
While I think Gavin's reputation has been damaged, I don't fault him for falling for CW's actions. Not at all. There were a lot of reasons to believe it was possible, the "proof" just used some sleight-of-hand (let me load this code on your "clean" device) to deceive enough to get him past the possible into probable/likely territory.
@_date: 2015-03-31 21:46:21
Some of us aren't exactly fans of any politician.
“True terror is to wake up one morning and discover that your high school class is running the country.” -- Kurt Vonnegut
@_date: 2015-10-05 17:59:18
Worse still, their one known user account even [mentioned they haven't heard any more chirping in the coal mine]( That was 16 days ago, and the account has only recently started posting again on here today.
@_date: 2015-03-03 01:40:14
The cycle increases in time period (ie, length) each time though. For example, this next bubble I predict won't cap out fully till May 2020 and may have an initial euphoria phase (~2017-2018) that recedes before really ramping up later on with a possible global financial crisis period. 
There are some of us that are aware of these boom/bust cycles, have been around the Bitcoin world since 2010, and we repeatedly tell people, but just get ignored or downvoted. :/
@_date: 2016-05-24 14:06:16


It is a two-way street. If it weren't for stubborn devs we could also very easily have a compromised gov-coin.
@_date: 2017-05-08 01:59:00
Doh, shows how well I've been following Ledger's developments...
@_date: 2017-05-22 16:35:50
They want to be able to manipulate history in the future and say SegWit was only activated because of their hard work and due diligence. It's important that we remind them for the rest of time that SegWit happened despite the miners and exchanges, not because of them.
@_date: 2016-05-27 20:26:24
There were two instances AFAIK, a hack and then it closing. My recollection is a bit hazy but one of those groups as far as I know never got anything. I think it was some of the folks that still had money in Bitcoinica after it "closed".
@_date: 2017-05-23 14:15:09
Aren't side chains open, too? Like anyone can run them?
@_date: 2015-10-24 22:33:36
It was just a GUI window/prototype he threw together as if he was going to need a practical application for the Bitcoins. He, and others if you read the early forums/mailing list, quickly concluded that the client itself should focus on a raw protocol without applications built-in.
It definitely wasn't something he was considering seriously which is why it disappeared from newer versions. Keep in mind there wasn't even a shred of code, just a simple GUI window that wasn't even complete itself.
Also, remember that Bitcoin was more of an experiment to Satoshi, not a means to a particular end.
@_date: 2015-03-05 16:56:09
Eligius, but it's not his pool anymore than it is whizkids, honestly. People overestimate luke's influence.
@_date: 2016-05-04 21:40:27


Whoops, I see someone sent that address coin in 2012, but [you are correct](
@_date: 2015-03-13 14:26:33
I'm actually thinking this is probably true. These guys have been around a long while and worked on various amounts of code, it could be they are trying to see how easy it is to analyze where and who someone is in order to drive the argument that people should be using TOR
@_date: 2018-04-18 19:19:36
I think he was, too, but just in case I wanted to clarify, because there are people behind SegWit2X that constantly try to rewrite history and claim that they were responsible for SegWit being adopted. 
He didn't need downvoted, not sure why people are doing that.
@_date: 2016-05-04 14:43:54


I'm pretty sure that's highly improbable, as the vistomail MX was not operating as an open relay. It's possible that if the original email expired you could have maybe re-registered it, but given the fact a valid email from a valid SPF was sent last August, it's very unlikely it would have expired that quickly.
@_date: 2015-03-31 02:20:49
Well, both of these agents were "part of a Baltimore-based task force" according to the articles (Baltimore being in Maryland). If that's the case and they had some other arrangement with DPR whereby they took over the actual admin account, as it sounds like Dratel contends, how do we know these transcripts weren't manufactured via some method?
I guess I don't know what to think of it, but this stinks enough to possibly warrant a new trial.
@_date: 2015-03-16 14:48:45


It's legacy people supporting legacy systems. The Millenial generation has an opportunity here to upend decades of crony captialism and tear apart the old-guard financial tit-for-tat systems built by the Baby Boomer generation (or build by the Silent Generation and bastardized by the Boomers).
Young people today can easily overlook Bitcoin's more shadier history, but it is important to note that Bitcoin/TOR allowed for an actual free-market system to begin with, and it was one that was arguably quite successful at that (in that it reduced violence).
One thing people have to inevitably ask themselves if they are "shamed" by Bitcoin having a history of use in drug/illegal markets is whether or not they really care what the Boomer-and-older generations really think of them. Those generations are only going to lose influence more and more in the coming years and it's not their position to dictate to us how we'll live anymore.
@_date: 2015-03-31 19:51:55
Lot's of us [were speculating he was under a gag order]( but we had to talk about it in mostly buried threads on here.
@_date: 2015-10-28 16:44:46
There's no way he could possibly build 7 red perpendicular lines in 3+1 dimensional space. This is why the video is entertaining to physicists as well.
Not bringing up other dimensions or interpretations of their word "line" is why the red ink request may seem foreign to him, there may be a definition of "red" that matches our red in a 7-or-higher dimensional space using that transparent ink we just don't know about yet, in fact, there probably almost certainly is if light actually exists in higher dimensions.
We're not sure if light waves exist completely in higher dimensions because they are EM waves that, perhaps ironically, spread perpendicular to their Electric and Magnetic fields.
So lets postulate how we could imagine 7 perpendicular lines:
1. First, a line
2. Second, a line perpendicular (like an X-Y axis on paper)
3. Third, a line perpendicular to the lines pointing up perpendicularly off the paper.
4. Fourth, the entire system moving in space perpendicular to stasis.
5. Fifith, the "light" allowing you to view that system is moving perpendicular to it's electronic field.
6. Sixth, the "light" allowing you to view that system is also moving perpendicular to it's magnetic field.
So you could potentially have 6 degrees of perpendicularity involved in this sort of a system within a 3+1 dimensional observed space, but never seven.
@_date: 2015-10-14 14:11:24
This guy is right, it was the SA forums. Although it was more around the fall from $30-$2 mark in 2011 that they were among the most active, but they had at least one regularly bumped thread about Bitcoin even going into 2012. I think around 2013 they started with a "new" thread that seemingly lost all their previous non-sensical lampooning of Bitcoiners.
@_date: 2015-10-19 15:57:08
I remember seeing this like a year and a half ago and thinking this would be viewed as prescient. Hasn't happened yet, but I think the gov't is just slow to blame Silicon Valley. This move by Tesla might start the FUD process.
@_date: 2015-03-31 02:37:21
How could the government possibly trust any evidence that came from these two agents? If they did have access to SR admin accounts, how can anyone be certain of who DPR really was? Worse still, it's now almost certain that the "hits" were a textbook case of entrapment.
@_date: 2015-10-21 20:52:43
But *this year* is the year for Linux on the desktop! /s
@_date: 2016-05-18 20:39:50


Bitcoiner since late 2010 here. I've said it before and I'll say it again: It's so funny how people used to say "Bitcoin could go to $0.01 again" in 2011 (It went to ~$2). Then they started starting saying "Bitcoin could go to $1 again" in 2013/2014 (It went to ~$150). Now folks think it could go to "$100 again" in 2016. It's a volatile commodity. I get that. But it is also a scarce resource, and scarce resources are inflation hedges for people who oppose inflation, and when wanton inflation is happening among all global fiat currencies, there is no greater hedge than a pseudo-anonymous electronic and decentralized scarce resource.
Investing in Bitcoin for quick short profits or expecting it to "moon" is a horrible idea, but it's not a *bad* idea as a hedge against inflation.
@_date: 2015-03-27 18:54:10
For someone who bought BTC on Gox in Fall 2013 or associates Bitcoin with the collapse of MtGox, they might be interested in Bitcoin now that it is very cheap and there is a more "government approved" way to purchase it. 
There's a level of assurance that these types of investors believe they get from having the SEC approve it first. MtGox was once considered respected amongst the Bitcoin community, but IMHO, that kind of disappeared back in June 2011 for me, not just in 2013. Anyone using them especially after they started having fiat withdrawal delays in May 2013 should have certainly been prepared for their collapse. 
At the very least, there are on-book compliance issues that GBTC has to follow that an exchange like MtGox and even Coinbase don't have. That's why some investors consider it less risky.
@_date: 2017-05-24 21:48:39


I'm not the bearwhale, but every time I see this it's at a point where it's harder and harder to believe that Ver is really as incompetent as to not see the bigger picture and realize it's the whole central banking system that we can replace, not just processors. Normally once you've eliminated incompetence, that's when you assume maliciousness, but part of me wonders if he's actually under duress and just feels obligated to take the positions he does.
@_date: 2017-07-21 19:49:25
UASF for Schnorr signatures, anyone? I'm ready.
@_date: 2017-05-29 21:52:41
It was so likely Satoshi that Gavin and Mike, who had been doing regular daily comments on Reddit at the time paused their online activities entirely for two straight days.
@_date: 2015-03-31 19:37:16
He hasn't been and isn't likely to be convicted of murder. If he's guilty of an actual crime, he should stay in prison. Right now it seems kind of convenient for a 4-day old account to be concern-trolling about murder charges that have yet to be brought up against him and evidence that has yet to be corroborated.
@_date: 2015-10-28 15:40:49
If I were updating this for next year it'd be a straight slow and steady increase for 2016 (pricewise anyway) and the tagline would be: "Wait, Bitcoin already has the best blockchain implementation..."
@_date: 2016-05-05 07:07:47
If he was a miner, we have no evidence of it. I both mined and traded and nearly always made a profit and I was only active since the end of 2010. I find it very hard to believe that someone buying at peak or near-peak would actually be Satoshi, but I guess that's just the trader in me speaking. The few times I "lost" were went I sold coin to buy miners when it would have been better to mine, but even over the length of time that I mined, I still ended up positive, so if CW is Satoshi, I bested him in cost-averaging.
@_date: 2017-05-18 16:32:05


The only reason it looks like this is because entities with a stake in "sticking it to Core" and taking political control are burning coin every day trying to make it look like it's necessary. If they were to continue these types of transactions, SegWit+2mb compromise wouldn't be enough either.
Two can play at that game. The rest of us can UASF, forcing a chain split, and then kill their chain with endless spam transactions, forcing them to adopt a hypocritical position and tell a bunch of their users that the reason why they aren't just increasing blocks to 4mb, 8mb, 16mb, 32mb and etc, is because "it's just a political attack".
@_date: 2017-05-12 01:12:56
Awesome, thanks. Looking forward to it!
@_date: 2016-05-04 14:56:47
It's coin from 2-20-2012. I think nullc's just demonstrating how simple it is to provide a public "proof" using modern day methods. This stuff isn't all that difficult anymore, but Craig Wright seems to think it is.
@_date: 2015-11-16 19:12:51
I can't speak for whales, but I'm a Bitcoiner since late 2010 so I might be considered a mini-whale. 


Why the hell would I or other BTC holders want cash when it has problems like this in the works? I might sell some, but I'm not going to abandon Bitcoin holdings to risk having some gov't screw me over.
@_date: 2017-05-29 18:49:44
Don't forget about the shills that were never active in the community prior to 2016.
@_date: 2015-03-31 02:54:53
How the hell did this guy go unchecked for so long? The blockchain caught him, but it sounds like he was bullying people around for a long time. Did he do this kind of stuff prior to Silk Road and get away with it?
@_date: 2015-11-26 12:54:19
English isn't every European's first language. I have seen an otherwise very well to do Greek businessman make that same sort of grammatical mistake.
@_date: 2015-10-27 18:13:07
Dear lord, you might have just come up with a way to cure my procrastination.
@_date: 2015-03-13 14:27:34
"Libertarian" network security guys operate in a "greyhat" manner all the time, hacking systems in order to alert the public. In other words, they commit questionably-moral fraud to combat illegal fraud and don't personally benefit from doing so. 
It is entirely possible this is what these guys are doing here. Maybe not "probable", but possible. I wouldn't be so quick to pass judgement. We don't know that they are actively outing individuals, only that they are suspected to be "recording" in some fashion. We don't know if they are targeting nodes they suspect of being actual scammers or not.
EDIT: Regardless of their methods, this is indeed questionable practice, I wonder if it's in order to alert the public though. We don't know exactly how long they've been doing this and why.
@_date: 2017-05-03 14:47:22
Oddly enough, my opinion changed on the scaling debate to side with Core after initially being slightly hostile towards it, but that was years ago at this point. I was in favor of on-chain scaling as we saw transactions first hit the soft-cap in 2013/early 2014. I even thought it was necessary.
At its face, it really does seem like scaling on chain isn't that big of a deal (even Satoshi's original version had 32mb blocks), but after reading arguments by Core developers showing that in order to match Visa's daily transactions we'd have to have gigabyte+ sized blocks, I realized that we need an off-chain solution first. The risk to the network would be far too great with even 32mb blocks given how few nodes there were and how easily it would be for a few first-world countries to deal irreparable harm to the network. So by the time Gavin and Hearn were pushing Classic and XT, I took issue with the idea that on-chain scaling was a solution, and it kind of dumbfounded me that otherwise really smart people were pushing a change for the sake of convenience when they knew what was at stake when it came to the health of the network and the fungibility of the coin. It was as if they just wanted another government-authorized fiat currency, not a revolutionary change to finance.
I've always thought (since mid-2011, at least) that Bitcoin shouldn't just go after payment networks, but should go for the whole shebang (meaning taking out traditional banks and central banks). The bitter taste of having to pay for a bunch of bankers to keep their jobs in 2008's financial crisis still bugs me today. These beliefs made it easier for me to accept off-chain scaling as the only serious solution. The benefits of SegWit and (eventually) Schnoor signatures when it comes to the fungibility of the coin are what pushed me over the edge into a cheerleader for Core's solution right now.
I still think very small on-chain scaling *may* be of some benefit in the future, but so long as it remains primarily an issue of politics, it's not safe to have someone with a stake in the decisions make the call as to when that scaling should occur. That goes for both Blockstream and Bitmain, developers and miners. The users should be the ones making the decision, which is why I really like the idea of UASF, even if developers and miners don't. UASF now gives us the opportunity to eventually force even Blockstream to capitulate when they refuse to scale at a time when they've become complacent and lethargic. And believe me, that day will eventually come, it might be a decade or more, but it'll eventually come.
@_date: 2017-05-17 15:05:57
Honestly, the potential fungibility and other benefits from Schnorr signatures are so great it is one reason why I've previously had suspicions state-sponsored attacks were the reason behind attacks on SegWit adoption (since transaction malleability is a "problem" in the practical use, otherwise, it's a key first step toward fixing privacy issues on-chain).
Then, when the ASICBOOST stuff came out, suddenly it all made sense. It didn't require state opposition to explain the situation we were in.
Now, however, I'm back to leaning toward this being a state-sponsored attack. That's why a UASF is important. It'll force BU to play their hand, they'll hit the 75% threshold for implementation, and then they'll fork off. Anyone with older coin can then do what many of us suspect that they've been doing and spam *their* network forcing them to test emergent consensus and watch as they either start sharding so fast with multiple forks every month or two or are immediately exposed as an astro-turfed coin run essentially by political forces.
@_date: 2015-10-27 19:12:01
In this thread: some of the most accurate predictions in Bitcoin technical analysis the world has ever witnessed.
@_date: 2015-03-17 15:31:19
Project Manager, maybe.
@_date: 2015-03-16 15:02:17
Even if it is a competitor, are these not salient points? It's enough to caution me against using them. Multi-sig has been supported since 2012 now, it's about time exchanges start using it.
@_date: 2017-07-17 21:46:15
[Here's my attempt]( I kept Bernanke in there because he is just as complicit. All credit goes to the OP, I just modified his image.
@_date: 2017-07-31 13:39:54
 &gt;according to WizSec, who have been investigating the stolen MtGox coins for several years
His does someone determine the difference between internal storage and regular wallet, and can we see this evidence ourselves instead of being told its legit by a third party?
@_date: 2017-07-19 14:12:08
Pretty easy to accept given that every block is a fork risk that relies only on signalling in an attempt to "hope" that things work out. 
It's the same reason why the bug that was found in BTC1 by nullc and thebluematt yesterday was such a big deal, you have to assume all parties are playing fair all the time, which is something we've never had to do with Bitcoin before.
Oddly enough, one of the commentators there (I'm not going to name names) even posted the ignorance of the seriousness of the bug when he said "In fact, this is already solved by the largest SegWit2x miner having more hashpower than all non-segwit2x miners combined". Sure, it's "solved" as long as that miner remains honest, but if (or perhaps, when) he goes back to BU, he now becomes the example that proves the "solved" was completely wrong in the exact context with which it was used.
A protocol that allows changes to the protocol based on the actions of only 80% of the participants is almost always going to be prone to manipulation. I think %85 is probably a minimum and 90% better, but there's a reason why Core always went with 95%. It might be high, but it's far easier to orphan 5% of a network than 20%.
@_date: 2015-02-10 23:33:36
Also, they ignored repeated requests for months at a time in many cases.
@_date: 2015-03-05 16:59:10
Targetpro answered the question, but no, these auctions aren't often. At least, not to this scale. Nor will they likely ever be this big and to this scale again...
@_date: 2016-05-24 14:10:24
Farms that conveniently open up to let other miners add to their resources. I find it hard to believe that any single farm is even approaching 10% of the network, let alone a majority. These are more "pools that also farm" instead of "farms that also pool", IMHO.
@_date: 2015-11-02 22:24:25
Yes, it has. Generally speaking, the price has increased the week or two before an auction happening and ultimately fallen in price afterwards. My guess is that the price will be closer to $440 the day of the auction and will fall to low $300s before starting to increase again.
There is some solace in that this is the last of the SR coin to be auctioned.
@_date: 2015-11-15 02:48:56
I wouldn't call that a trivial mistake. And it sounds like Gemini made things worse by reversing it.
Seems to have cost [this person]( something, too. So thanks for the insensitive sarcasm, I guess?
@_date: 2016-05-06 00:08:33
The assumption was that Gavin was going to post and then Satoshi would provide a real proof shortly after that. When he posted what he did to his blog, Gavin was a bit confused. He was under the assumption that the private demonstration he was given wasn't manipulated. I'm sure he knows now, but at the time he thought was getting to participate in something big, not realizing this was someone trying to take advantage of his credibility.
@_date: 2015-11-13 16:53:02
Or smaller state influence at least. Let's be honest, the government's ability to create money gives it immeasurable control. It can, at once, devalue the money of those who own it, and simultaneously give money to those that don't deserve it.
There's a strong argument to be made that imperialism is made possible by the willingness of the people within the empire to not resist its ability to fund war and conquest.
@_date: 2016-05-04 20:50:00
This article is extremely well-written and makes a very good point: *even if someone could move coin from an early transaction, is that really proof they are Satoshi?* 
The answer should be **of course not**. There's so many conditions that would explain someone having access to early coin, such as an early adopter who was not Satoshi, someone having compromised a block, a group having compromised one, a state-sponsored group having compromised one, etc. 
If we're lowering our expectations for sufficient proof, maybe that's something that someone who has "good-enough" proof is doing for a wide range of reasons, such as getting access to a real-but-deceased Satoshi's wallet as held by a trust or even to try and "out"  or force the hand of a real Satoshi.
@_date: 2017-07-19 20:12:01
Fair enough, were you also unhappy with BIP16/P2SH stuff? I suppose there's the "never change" crowd that I hadn't considered. 
I guess I like the idea of layering in the crypto finance space too much to not support small changes that make sense. SegWit just makes sense. I'll still probably primarily use layer 1 myself, but if I could provide friends and family with a layer 2 solution, I can "share the wealth" so to speak without having to directly cash out to fiat and suffer tax consequences. Instead, I give the friends and family that option.
If all you want is digital gold, though, then I suppose I can respect that.
@_date: 2017-07-31 16:37:38
While this could be true, both MtGox and BTC-E had private key entry systems for owners of Casascius coins to do direct depositing in this same manner. Couldn't someone have just copied all their private keys and submitted them via this system for a massive sweep directly into internal storage? I mean, the difference mechanically would be impossible to distinguish.
@_date: 2017-07-31 18:59:09
To an extent, that's kind of what Rootstock is working on. Luke is trying to be technically correct in that the base code will be on the Blockchain itself, some of it might even end up being contributed by developers of sidechains that want to do smart contracts using their own libraries built on top of the blockchain. It's hard to answer these questions in a way that remains highly accurate and without saying anything too political/controversial.
@_date: 2015-11-09 16:50:43
Fungibility and anonymity. You can't call it the cash of the Internet if it doesn't have that expected anonymity. Some coins, when sold for fiat, will subject you to US federal scrutiny including questions on where you've obtained it.
Similarly, some coins, when purchased for fiat, will be tracked by bankers on behalf of the US federal government, and your accounts will be closed if they don't like how they moved post-withdrawal.
There needs to be some development on the blockchain to make these kinds of analysis worthless, and I imagine Hearn and Gavin will be opposed to that sort of a change as well.
@_date: 2017-05-31 16:49:34


Lots of "redditor for X weeks" posts suddenly saying "not sure why this is OK" probably means they are folks with a vested interest in maintaining their anonymity while gaming the system to have something to complain about.
Exchanges and online wallets like Blockchain.info are presently interested only in being able to do faster and more transactions and their business model requires lower fees if they didn't plan well and/or are trying to advertise something they can't actually provide. Rather than adopt SegWit and start working on layer 2 solutions, they'd rather come on this subreddit and bitch about how layer 1 doesn't work for them. Instead of hiring programmers who are ready for layer 2 solutions, they are succumbing to the arguments of the programmers on their teams that just want a temporary solution to the problem.
Honestly, the combo of their business model and lack of programmer enthusiasm towards the direction Bitcoin is headed works better on other altcoins, so they should probably close up shop in Bitcoin and move their model over to an altcoin if they want to compete with Paypal and payment processors.
@_date: 2015-03-27 15:50:59
I never understood this. Suppose I own $500k, would I fall into this category? My next question would be, suppose I have ten employees making an average of $50k/year (3 receptionists, 3 loan officers, 3 compliance/service, and 1 manager). How do I pay for these employees if the first year would very easily drain me, even assuming I could make 8% interest? I don't get how community banks with a few thousand customers at most (esp since we're learning most people have almost nothing in the bank or retirement) actually make money.
@_date: 2016-05-10 03:32:34
IMHO, if you're into Bitcoin arbitrage, which someone like him might be at those suspected levels of coin ownership, you're going to have an international holding company of SOME form.
@_date: 2015-10-22 16:42:17


I think you'd be surprised at the number of people in government that do understand it is "politicians/elected officials" abusing this nature of government-issued fiat that is the real problem. To those people, Bitcoin is better than debt-based fiat money, and they aren't really required to cheer-lead for one over the other.
@_date: 2018-04-09 18:23:18
While I'm certainly also of the mindset that stocks are overvalued, there's more likely going to be a dollar crash than a stock market crash, IMHO. Stocks are likely overvalued, but fiat is a fraud. One could even say that the problems with fiat are why stocks are overvalued right now. 
But there is a huge difference on both of these.
Stocks can relist on crypto-markets and shed the problems that fiat gives them, but fiat itself requires inflation which any other cryptocurrency can do as an altcoin/sidechain right now. We don't need government fiat in the same way companies still need stocks to measure ownership.
@_date: 2017-05-10 22:40:10


Why would it have fallen under the top 500? Does it have anything to do with your username? 
I don't want to get into a contest over who owns more coin, but in late 2011 I owned several top 2k addresses that combined in varying amounts would be top 500 and I still own them today, too. 
If you're tired of the bickering, support SegWit now and join the rest of us in complaining about blocksize sometime post-adoption. I would agree to some extent with others that SegWit alone will not completely fix the block size issues, and the quickest way to get that point proven is by adoption. Right now the block size issue is too politicized and being argued aggressively against by what very much appear to be shill accounts. I don't want to hand control over Bitcoin to anyone other than Core while this shilling is still clearly happening and the arguments against are nonsensical. I see commentators on another sub laughing at cypherpunks. Who other than a state-supporting banking insider would do something like that?
@_date: 2016-05-24 15:04:24
I've been around since 2010 and seen the hashing rate rise drastically for lots of random speculation, from the GPU mining optimizations in 2010 and 2011, botnets in early and mid 2011, and the generation 1 ASIC influx in early 2013. The rise/increase was actually kind of expected, despite what many on reddit would tell you.
I think the likely reason is that bitmain completed their first test run of s9 miners (generation 3 or 4?) as was speculated to happen earlier this month:
Mining manufacturers will often do test runs and spread them out over multiple pools a lot of the time. Some argue it isn't "fair", but this is the consequences of taking the risk to create new ASIC miners.
The rumor is that we'll have more info about the new miners around May 26th, so I wouldn't read too much into the hash power increase right now. That said, the halvening + newer and more efficient miners might be a signal to buy coin if you're a regular trader.
@_date: 2016-05-27 19:12:14
This might sound absurd to do, but if you give them copies of any possible passwords phrases or combinations thereof that you might have, they can sometimes build a custom brute forcer based on that. They do far far more than just guess, but you might need to give them passwords to stuff that you otherwise wouldn't want to give a stranger (old bank passwords, current reddit passwords, etc.) Obviously then you'll be forced to change your current passwords for social media and banking, but I think I'd gladly change all passwords I've ever used online for a chance to cover $2.2K.
@_date: 2017-07-18 17:25:27
Something that's really important to note is this is only a snapshot of hashrate before SegWit2x signalling went into effect of the **mining pools**. I'm not going to say for sure or not because it's hard to tell, but some of the non-segwit2x pools may or may not be increasing in hash rate right now as a result of segwit2x going into effect. 
This would be an effect from miners deciding they would prefer to mine with a pool that signals for just segwit or doesn't signal at all instead of segwit2x. If more miners drift to just segwit-only pools, it could spell disaster for segwit2x (though it would still be positive for a UASF, and perhaps even very positive if it is a decent-enough hash rate).
@_date: 2017-07-27 18:49:37
Something to add to this is that it is extremely unlikely that the 14 year old would have held that original $1500 worth of Bitcoin for 5-7 years through 2x 5x 10x 25x 100x 250x 500x increases. 
While it's possible to suspend disbelief for some price increases, there's another point where you have to start asking where are even a single one of the 14 year olds that purchased $1500 in Bitcoin at $0.38 and are now selling today at $10 million. They aren't popping out of the woodwork because they simply do not exist or are so rare it's as if they do not exist.
@_date: 2015-03-31 19:49:47


Well, this is where it gets really silly. FinCEN didn't release their advisement on how to treat digital currencies till after Gox was operating. Coinlab was actually in the process of taking over the US compliance stuff for MtGox at the time of this seizure.
@_date: 2017-07-31 18:36:27


Do we have this evidence though? No offense, but judging by the comments in this subreddit so far, it is sounding eerily similar to the "it was the Russians, just trust us" nonsense we got out of Crowdstrike about the DNC servers, which they've explicitly told Mueller he couldn't have his own team investigate. Hell, they wouldn't even let Comey's team investigate it.
WizSec may want to publish a more detailed analysis of why they think the way that they do. I think the rest of us would be interested in seeing it.
@_date: 2015-03-31 05:00:06
Is that really true? They claimed that he created Silk Road. At which point either he or this DEA Agent Force could have been "DPR" is still under question.
@_date: 2016-05-04 21:33:43
The episode of The Good Wife called "Mr. Bitcoin" tackled such an issue. Even at the time it was written and aired, a good number of us were certain more than one person had to have been involved. 
Now though -- and perhaps especially given that CW's actions are as if he's trying to convince the world he is Satoshi -- if we are going to say that Kleiman was involved, the question should probably be what proof do we really have that CW was involved at all?
I think it's more likely that a dead man is Satoshi than that Craig Wright is. The burden of proof for someone who we know backdated a key in an attempt to pass themselves off as Satoshi should be considerably higher than we've been asking. How did he and Kleiman communicate? Did CW write the words that Kleiman would then post? how'd they keep the British English spelling standard going so perfectly if there was different people running different accounts?
At best, we're seeing it possible that it was CW's idea, but Kleiman seemed to do a lot, including make what he would post look British English?
@_date: 2017-07-03 15:29:27
I forgot where, but there was evidence in the output he posted (and then retracted) on a blog that he himself ran that showed there was a shell script being run as an intermediary that we don't know the code for. It's very likely Gavin also didn't have access to this shell script and it was purported that while it looked like a common script written by someone else somewhere, if Craig modified it, he could have had it output whatever he wanted. Why this shell script was needed was supposedly to run stuff that otherwise wouldn't have been necessary if the computer was using just a regular Internet connection.
@_date: 2017-07-12 17:47:21
I just want SegWit and do not support those that oppose it.
@_date: 2017-07-04 13:59:58
Hushmail has openly admitted to providing user data to the government. US intelligence agencies likely even have a backdoor to let them straight in to do on the fly decryption at this point, no warrant required. The position of CEO was likely handed over as a reward for saying Craig Wright was legit. Western Intelligence is almost certain to try and use Craig Wright to undermine Bitcoin. The patent trolling going on now is just a precursor.
@_date: 2015-10-28 15:20:18
I saw that a Trezor support request was closed 26 days ago. Does that mean Copay supports it now? Or is it still in testing?
@_date: 2016-05-27 21:58:59
Plus the circumstances are harder for people to argue weren't agreed upon.
@_date: 2016-05-18 20:07:59


And their "support" is only with their Copay Chrome add-on, right? Do they support Trezor Multi-sig with a generic PC client yet?
@_date: 2017-07-18 17:18:46
Strawpoll.me could potentially see IPs, though. If you participate in this, I'd recommend using TOR or at least a proxy.
@_date: 2017-05-26 11:32:20
Bitcoin is hitting all time highs in value and interest has never been higher. What part of that is 'choking'?
@_date: 2017-07-19 16:27:06
I think UAHF is Bitcoin ABC in their eyes.
@_date: 2017-07-17 15:50:18
@_date: 2017-07-03 17:48:20
Since mid-April there's been an increasing "Unknown" (light orange) group on the Bitcoinity charts. They seem to fluctuate between 15%-20%. I'm not sure if it's really a single unknown group or just an existing miner that hasn't been corrected for or a few groups of unknown miners.
It's entirely possible this is nothing to be alarmed about, btw.
F2Pool seems to be the biggest recipient in the last few days or so of hashing power, though.
@_date: 2015-03-31 19:22:22


15 months in prison for being guilty of having two federal agents use advanced knowledge against him to trick him into doing one bad thing when he was trying to avoid doing so AND was protecting other people against a seemingly irrational actor seems sufficient punishment, IMHO.
Cornered and threatened people will do crazy things. If anything, this is a good reminder of why extortion is such a horrible crime.
@_date: 2015-03-31 22:21:12
Outside of Peter V occasionally reminding people that he founded the Bitcoin Foundation, not much, AFAIK.
@_date: 2015-02-03 17:16:03
Is it? When we asked why MtGox was [seemingly placed under a gag order]( and even included evidence that Karples said things warning his long-time users to it, people claimed that was fabricated as well. Instead, what *do* we get out of Gox? Two leaked documents that only served to help Vessenes against Gox while he pocketed the $5 million that he was supposed to be using to help get MtGox full compliance in the US.
I find both that transcript and the gag order equally-likely, FWIW.
@_date: 2017-07-21 14:53:09
This bugs me as well. We can do something about it. We can continue to reject government-enforced surveillance and demand candidates state their positions and never vote for the ones that are anti-4th amendment (at least in the US). 
I think the problem is that there's not a lot of lobbying organizations that support privacy rights. There *is* the EFF, and we should all be donating to it. But there's no organization fighting for financial privacy, against civil asset forfeiture, FACTA, and etc. The default argument for FACTA is that you'd have to be a criminal to oppose it, and the fact of the mater is that those of us who do, are more concerned about what kind of a society it creates than in supporting the criminals. Just because a tool exists doesn't mean that use of it shouldn't be court-ordered first. It's what civil societies do and have done for centuries. It's only in the last 20-30 years that law enforcement has adopted this stance of ignoring the fourth amendment until told otherwise. FACTA puts undue burden on banks and financial institutions as well as limits citizens who are abiding by the law from operating with international partners. It makes a country's citizens "guilty until proven innocent" and fundamentally changes how law is interpreted. No country that treats its citizens in this manner could ever truly call itself "free".
@_date: 2015-02-13 07:46:13
If you're a sysadmin, you've probably heard it more than once. And it almost always has nothing to do with speed but with improperly configured clients, servers, or anti-spam tools.
@_date: 2017-07-31 18:18:54
I used the one on Gox in late 2011 (testing out Casascius coin redemption back when they didn't have a premium, and yes, I realize now how stupid that kind of was, but I wanted to see what the inside privatekey looked like) and not sure on when I saw BTC-E's, but it was probably early 2012. I wonder why they got rid of it?
EDIT: On second thought, maybe I'm just remembering things wrong. I didn't ever actually use it.
@_date: 2017-07-21 14:22:59
You are correct. Not only is SegWit still not a surety (and won't be for at least a few weeks assuming things go right), but several of the SegWit2X supporters, in three months or so, think this same number of miners are going to go for a hard fork on blocksize. We only need maybe 15% of miners that think otherwise for the Core chain to survive, and the incentive for miners to not mine on the hardfork chain is higher the more centralized it appears to be. 
By Novemeber, it almost certainly will be one entity dictating to the others what to do, and I find it very unlikely that the 2x part is going to happen, regardless of whatever good feelings folks might be having right now.
@_date: 2017-07-31 16:48:23
That weird, I could have sworn they used to offer it publicly, but I'll be honest, I never really used them beyond making an account as they had too high of fees and their premiums were off, likely because of the nature in which they operated.
@_date: 2016-05-02 00:57:28
Looks like this happened:
Still unclear as to why his account was locked for something a customer of his was under investigation for.
@_date: 2017-05-23 00:25:21
Supposedly, but the only guy that we know of that knows anything was accosted by someone he claims was a federal agent and offered to turn himself in in order to identify that agent. But then oddly he didn't turn himself in and was instead caught and was serving in a Thailand prison last we heard, awaiting extradition to the US.
@_date: 2015-02-05 15:39:54
I don't get this kind of argument. Harriet Tubman didn't play by the rules and broke the law regularly. Was she morally wrong?
@_date: 2015-02-11 21:24:36
Well, the problem is that after acquisition comes the "regulate the competition out of the market" phase what with the [revolving doors]( and [iron triangles](
@_date: 2015-02-17 17:57:27
You can, you'll just take a pretty hefty tax hit on it and then a penalty for the age thing, but you will end up with *some* money when it's done. The rules have changed so drastically that every possible step is as frustratingly difficult and expensive as it can possibly be.
That said, I'm doing a similar thing with regards to my future, holding a significant amount of coin but keeping my fiat retirement stuff in place (just not really adding to it right now) on the off-chance Bitcoin crashes.
I am still pretty long on Bitcoin, but there's no doubt in my mind the $150 to $1k run was a bubble that needed to deflate, so I held off switching into "retirement mode" even though I had enough I could have probably made a full switch like you did.
Honestly I think we've bottomed when I look at the volume across exchanges on that last drop, but I'd like to see how voluminous the next drop is to get a confirmation before I go full bore like you are with getting your pay in BTC, using it exclusively, and etc.
@_date: 2016-05-23 05:11:35
I wouldn't put much stock into what a chat agent is saying. A lot of these guys are paid for and managed entirely separate from the businesses they support. As others are saying, this is more than likely an issue with SSL certificates.
@_date: 2015-02-25 17:48:28
For the average person buying only a few hundred dollars worth or a thousand dollars every month or so, Coinbase is fine (as long as you don't immediately send those coin to a known gambling website or other public shady venture). For those of us that have been around and have more than $10k in Bitcoins that we would like to occasionally sell, Coinbase can be a huge PITA.
@_date: 2017-05-10 22:50:43
"You're right, Bitcoins are too expensive, but instead of buying Ethereum which is also too expensive, would you be interested in a coin called mBTC? It has so much in common with Bitcoin it actually uses the same block chain!"
@_date: 2015-03-27 16:35:06
Provide a large lobby where people can meet individuals interested in doing a trade. Then a small Faraday shield anechoic room that can be used for person-to-person exchanges blocking all electronic and physical eavesdropping. Charge a reasonable fee to use it or rent it for use "up to X times" per year.
I also think it might be kind of nice to do a sort of "hedge against inflation" on loans. If there's high inflation, loans become easier to pay, so if for each loan a person's down payment could be converted to BTC, that might be a reasonable way to hedge against loss of value in fiat.
You might not want to do this on every loan, but there might be some value there. There are charts showing how the [strength of the USD seems to have a somewhat inverse correlation with Bitcoin price](
@_date: 2017-07-24 16:39:34
The problem with something like this is it becomes more and more lucrative to deposit the more the price discrepancy expands. Anyone remember MtGox-bucks? It was only a popular thing for two weeks and has probably already been lost to history. I doubt any of those folks even got representation in the negotiations.
What's sad is that ViaBTC could let the first few people withdraw okay to troll the naysayers, too, essentially running this exchange like a Ponzi scheme, and only taking possession and completely preventing withdrawals once they've hit the amount they desire. Governments and existing banking/finance institutions might even prefer something like this happen in order to scare the public away from cryptocurrencies.
Not only would I warn against participating in this sort of thing, I would recommend you warn everyone you know who owns any BTC from participating in it, too.
@_date: 2015-02-24 21:59:25
While maybe not entirely relevant, if Satoshi were to drop all 900k BTC he presently owns on the market, I could see the cryptocurrency community possibly moving over to Litecoin.
@_date: 2017-07-12 20:07:18


The reason why so many didn't use a Form 8949 is because this is the first time I've even heard of it. I was told to report gains as income by my tax professional.
@_date: 2019-05-06 18:10:07
Buffet is pretty notorious for having not dabbled at all in the tech stock craze of the 90s. In doing so, he missed out on several of the companies that would go on over the next ten years to actually succeed, Amazon, Google, Paypal, etc. For every ten companies like Pets.com that lost big there were actually a few that did survive and thrive. Had he brought some "value investing" experience to these new DotComs he might have actually been able to pick some of the winners out of the sea of losers.
But you are right about not dismissing him completely...
He [actually did a sort of mea culpa about his misses on DotCom stocks years later]( too, so it's important to understand that even if he doesn't like or understand Bitcoin right now it doesn't mean he lacks the capacity to appreciate its significance after the fact.
@_date: 2016-05-18 16:55:32
Does anyone know if Satoshi Labs came up with a .onion URL? They could still technically modify javascript in order to send information about which IPs are using certain public addresses if forced to by a government, right? A .onion URL would prevent any third party from being able to spoof them while avoiding this potential threat.
@_date: 2019-05-17 22:30:04
I guess my point is that gold is a very poor medium of exchange right now. Whereas in the past you could use it to trade for lots of goods, right now it's only good use seems to be for trading for fiat. 
I realize there is goldmoney and etc, but those solutions are more like trading directly into fiat than trading directly for a good. While Bitcoin has similar services, there are a decent number of people who will take Bitcoin payments and actually hold like jercos did when he purchased the pizzas for laszlo.
The poor options available to gold holders for trading are what makes it unattractive to someone like myself who would prefer to own something more like Bitcoin which I can use to actually buy stuff online.
Or, put more in Menger or Jevons's terminology, the "double-coincidence of wants" is sometimes better served with something like Bitcoin compared to something like gold. In those cases, it is *even more desirable* than gold.
@_date: 2017-07-19 19:29:17
I agree, and it's sad, because decentralization and censorship resistance in money is the reason why so many of us got involved in 2010-2012. The collapse of the fiat system drove us to look for something better. I'm not sure I can speak for all the others, but I don't think we want Bitcoin to be simply "fiat online". Work with banks and governments, sure, but don't capitulate the design of the network to them. 
We want algorithmic money that has a defined distribution and a rigid consensus framework, something the last system lacked. What little protocol changes there are should be as universally-accepted as possible and outside political influence should be shunned by default. SegWit is a tool towards further decentralization and even allows for "sharding" into copycat fiat systems (if anyone even really wants those) without risking the underlying p2p system supporting Bitcoin.
I've never understood why SegWit would be so controversial to anyone except governments, three letter agencies, rent-seeking banking institutions, and lazy coders.
@_date: 2015-02-02 18:27:10
The evidence being planted seems to be of relevance to Steven Bellovin's testimony. Andreas also comes from an IT security background and his Bitcoin-knowledge only gives him greater clarity to the circumstances of the case, though there's no reason he's not qualified to comment on the security aspects.
@_date: 2016-07-21 15:55:21
I bought some FPGAs for 164 BTC in early 2012 that I'd like to recoop the costs for as well as long as we are all are petitioning for changes. ;)
@_date: 2019-05-02 15:14:56
I think SN was technically more than one person as well, but I think Craig Wright had nothing to do with it. There were backdated keys uploaded around 2011/2012 to Satoshi's email on the PGP MIT servers  the same time Craig backdated a key to his own email on the PGP MIT servers. We know he's fabricated evidence, but we never really knew why or for what purpose. [I opined on the timeline and why he might be doing this a few years ago](
@_date: 2015-02-05 15:16:01
That diary was as convenient as the diary in Gone Girl.
@_date: 2015-10-22 20:08:22
Exposure of these crooks is paramount to blockchain fungibility/security, IMHO.
@_date: 2017-07-17 22:15:39
Bitmain could still attempt to back out at the last minute to try and force the others into adopting BitcoinABC along with them. Of course, that might force the other mining pools to simply go with the UASF nodes as they are the least politically and technically volatile solution that still ultimately results in a block size increase.
@_date: 2016-05-06 00:17:50
Facebook provides law enforcement special tools to do these kinds of searches already.
@_date: 2015-02-18 18:17:09
How could it, in practice, be "fixed"?
@_date: 2019-05-09 15:43:06
It's important to tell other people that the best times to get into any hot stock or commodity isn't when their mainstream news is telling them about it. It's only when they've done tons of research and watched something fall hard and start recovering that they should consider it.
If the mainstream news is widely reporting on it and your non-investing family/friends are saying things like "Hey, aren't you into that Bitcoin?" Then that is when you should maybe start planning for doing a few sales, because if non-investors are asking about it, it's probably hit a wide enough media spread.
@_date: 2017-05-31 16:52:25
No. SegWit first or your just trying to wrest political control which I and others soundly reject.
@_date: 2015-02-25 17:38:20
I've done large cash withdrawals over $10k shortly after a large deposit (~2 months, because I think the bank itself has a waiting period of at least 30 days) and the only thing they asked is for my name and occupation. The money (in that particular case) came straight from Coinbase in 2013. If Coinbase is asking for more than name and occupation, I think it's safe to say they are being forced to comply more than a typical bank.
@_date: 2017-07-19 20:10:41
Sometimes Windows Firewall serves as an additional block. Also double check that the local IPs match what you've forwarded to on the router.
@_date: 2016-07-01 18:29:50
Why is some of the stuff so clearly fabricated though? I used to feel it was at least possible he was Satoshi, but [given the fact that the key that was added to the key server was clearly backdated]( it points to a hoax designed to fool wealthy laypeople. It was intentional; the real Satoshi wouldn't have "accidentally" tried to have backdated a key. Wright needed to fool someone.
It's like he had to prove to some poor rich schmucks that he was Satoshi enough that they'd loan him thousands or millions (or, per the article, let him ride around in awesome rentals), but when it came to actually proving it, they wanted to do it via the most elaborate method possible and discredit people in the Bitcoin community while doing so. 
The "leak" to the press was self-designed to ensure the money-men kept up with their end of the bargain while he pretended he could write intellectual articles about Bitcoin. Finding Satoshi is the tech journalist's [white whale]( Every single one of them would love to be the one who found Satoshi, so of course they'll all break stories before confirming or corroborating evidence. If anything, Wright was smart enough to know that much. Well played on his behalf.
@_date: 2017-07-19 18:09:08
To be fair, it's a bit late in the game for alternative solutions. SegWit2x is already too late in the game, but apparently two Core devs are being kind enough to contribute some help for the miners going this route with a bugfix and a change to a relay network to support these "BIP91" blocks (allowing use of FIBRE relay network). I'm not a huge fan of any centralized relay network (its very existence forms an argument for using it, sadly), but in this case if it helps the miners activate SegWit, then for purely pragmatic reasons, I don't mind.
@_date: 2016-07-28 22:41:01
I'm not looking to subvert my own government snooping on me, but I might be a bit risk averse to other governments or even my own government pressuring someone else I do business with. 
For example, a while back I found a person who was willing to give ~$2000 in Won to a South Korean pastor to sneak Bibles into North Korea in exchange for equivalent Bitcoin. I'm worried that someone or some agency that tracks my spending could sell that information about who I am sending to and why to threaten him or the pastor.
@_date: 2017-07-18 15:00:08


Doubtful, IMHO, but maybe.
@_date: 2016-07-25 16:16:06
Well, that's kind of my point given the [IRS tax guidance](
@_date: 2019-05-21 00:22:07


I agree with you that this is the case for now, but I think it is possible for a fiat currency to be a good store of value. I even think a fiat currency could be a good store of value for a long and reasonable period of time, but it is very hard for a fiat currency to be a good store of value for a long enough time that we should feel comfortable using it as a store of value. We have centuries of evidence pointing to the fact that fiat currencies always seem to fail, going so far back as the [10th century AD with China](
Additionally, we know that even commodity money gets debased, with evidence as far back as ["The Frogs" in Ancient Greece]( Governments are notoriously bad at providing sound currency, which is why the practice needs to stop and we should shed ourselves of this shared delusion that government money is a good idea. I'd recommend Orseme's [De Moneta]( as a pretty good example of just how long we've known how bad governments/tyrants are at handling money situations.
@_date: 2016-07-25 15:19:05
If this is the case, then why do I have to pay taxes if the amount of fiat I can trade for it goes up? Just because the Federal Reserve has a crappy currency doesn't mean the rest of us should be punished for it, right?
@_date: 2018-12-17 16:20:41
Garbage people? Dude seems level-headed to me. Remember, he's 
 the one [that explained to a room full of DC journalists that removing the hard-wired increases in spending does not mean a "cut"]( 
@_date: 2016-07-29 16:08:12
If you haven't seen [the video]( Coinbase talks about banning theymos at 12:00, but it's kind of tongue-in-cheek and he even backtracks on it almost immediately. That said, it's still not very good. Theymos doesn't operate a multi-million dollar exchange and gains no financial benefit from having the censoring powers that he has. You might not like him, but the alternative could be really, really, bad.
@_date: 2017-07-18 14:39:20
I think OP's point is that there are several companies that can either fight the changes incoming in order to preserve their competitive advantages, or they can adopt the changes and offer blockchain-based assurances. They are losing a little bit of a unique competitive advantage while gaining more adoption potential for the network as a whole. It's not like BitPay's customer base is going to up and disappear overnight.
@_date: 2017-06-07 21:13:06
Welcome to taxes in Western society. It's what a lot of us have been complaining about for years now.
@_date: 2019-05-10 19:41:36
Well, since it's the legislature, the bill will be written incompetently yet fallaciously-specific. They'll probably say something like "ISPs must report to the FBI users who are running software over TCP port 8333". ISPs will start doing so and Bitcoiners will update to start using random ports while some grandmother in New Jersey whose computer her son installed version 0.11.2 on several years ago will get dragged in handcuffs to court on supposed money laundering and tax evasion charges.
@_date: 2019-05-17 17:18:38
IMHO, it's both. Bitcoin's value as a medium of exchange has an effect on its store of value attribute and its benefit as a store of value has an effect on it being a good medium of exchange as well. While both small effects, it's important to not ignore that it's a time-value tradeoff for both parties to the exchange.
@_date: 2016-07-26 18:51:22
Lately, not often, but I do like the idea of miners having a way to flag a transaction as having been accepted to be included in the next block. It would depend on the size of the transaction how important it is to be actually confirmed once or twice or more, obviously.
@_date: 2015-02-06 22:24:32
Or that the Qwest CEO met with intelligence agencies and [rejected their idea to spy on customers in February of 2001]( 6 months **prior** to 9/11.
EDIT: corrected to 2001.
@_date: 2018-12-21 17:16:32
Considering that every "generation" of Zimbabwe dollars has either effectively or legally invalidated previous generation's validity, I find it highly unlikely there are still trades that could be said to be done at the time of their trade for as little as the OP's.
More info [about Zimbabwe's inflation is on the wiki]( entry for it.
@_date: 2018-12-20 23:28:28
Rent-seeking arseholes...
@_date: 2016-07-27 16:34:58
Don't think in absolutes. I think that's the problem I've seen happening on both sides of the block size debate. Even though I'm not a big-block supporter right now, it's mostly because I'm paranoid about the fungibility of coin and the threats that exist from state actors. 
That doesn't mean that bigger blocks aren't going to be warranted at some point in the future, perhaps when it is profitable to run a full core node and we don't have a lack of them. I just see priorities differently I guess. I also don't fear a hard fork as we've done them in the past, it just needs to be nearly universally acceptable and probably needs to come with less political changes and more technical changes.
A lot of people here would be better served to verse themselves on the Deepbit and BIP16/17 debates of early 2012. There was plenty of contention then, mostly between developers, and even though it was resolved, it explained a lot of the fundamental differences between core developers.
@_date: 2017-07-12 20:48:35
In early 2014, the IRS hadn't given any guidance on it, so no one knew. In fact, it wasn't until like April of 2014 that the IRS even released anything, and there was still some confusion.
@_date: 2016-07-01 18:05:25
I lost somewhere between 10-15 BTC when MyBitcoin disappeared. I don't even remember the exact amount I had in there. Fortunately it was only worth maybe $50-$100 at the time.
@_date: 2019-05-31 16:49:38
Honestly, I think it was just some large holder of both coin and cash fishing for stop loss orders or an exchange busting their own customer's margin orders. 
Anyone still remember when stuff like this was happening on Bitcoinica in 2012? I wonder if anyone even knows what "Zhoutonged" means. In short, make sure the exchange you're using is legit if you're going to spend any significant amount of money. And if you are playing with margin trading in cryptos, you're gonna have a bad time.
@_date: 2017-06-20 15:27:44
There's no article here for some reason. I did a search and found [a coindesk one]( my apologies (just remove this post) if they are banned here.
[Slashdot mention](
[Bitcointalk forums mention]( which links to [this Fortune article](
@_date: 2019-05-01 14:54:55
This is correct. Everything he has done has been seemingly to satiate Calvin Ayre.
The list of things Craig had done as of a year ago [are all here](
I have [also written up a chronological explanation for what I think is what led him down the path he ultimately decided to go]( The short of it is that he owed the Austrailian government taxes or had gains from multiple loans (possibly research loans?) that he didn't report, but he had put out all these feeder "hints" that he was Satoshi, so he decided sometime in 2015 to actually pretend to be Satoshi in order to evade taxation.
@_date: 2019-05-09 15:22:30


If you've ever read ["War is a Racket" by General Smedley Butler]( you wouldn't have to think about it too hard.
Someone is always profiting by war.
@_date: 2015-02-06 19:00:25
Does "you people" include folks who have been around since 2011 and hold hundreds of Bitcoin and are still not selling? I can assure you those individuals do exist.
@_date: 2019-05-09 20:37:06
That's true, but like I said, it's your non-investing friends that you need to use as the indicator. People that follow investing trends are going to naturally be interested in cryptos. That crazy uncle that never otherwise talks to you about your investments asking you about it is a better indicator when they message you out of the blue.
Within a week or two of the ATH, I have regularly been contacted by people who I know have no business investing or never would be people I'd turn to for financial advice. These people know I'm into Bitcoin via my friends or family, but otherwise I barely know them. 
I've used that historically as a sort of barometer for when to sell. It's sort of like [how Joe Kennedy Senior knew that the time to exit the stock market was when the shoeshine boy was giving him stock tips]( Another story example about the time to exit the Chinese markets was when the average investor had less than a high school degree.
I've used technical analysis successfully in the past to know when to enter or reenter my crypto positions, but TA almost always fails when it comes to know when to exit. I think the best barometer for that is a gauge on the hysteria levels and you only get that from social communication or general analysis of who it is doing the investing.
@_date: 2016-07-29 21:34:08
If anyone is wondering if the XT support was fake or not, you should [see the sheer number of nodes that disappeared]( two months ago and the [evidence it was one person](
This was a coordinated campaign to discredit core and apparently theymos.
@_date: 2018-12-21 22:22:09
Well, I guess that's my point. Not every fall from a high falls 90% and not every crash results in multi-year bear markets. It didn't in 2013, at least. It went from like $266 to $50 before recovering to over $1k. At that point there was another bear market, sure, but people seem to forget that huge drop in the summer of 2013. The price and time scales could be extended today but we could be in a mini-bear cycle instead of a larger bear cycle.
@_date: 2018-12-05 19:21:03
I question my friends and families' depth of knowledge only on certain things. Specifically, on economics and technology, yes. On pop culture and many, many, many other categories they can absolutely run circles around me.
@_date: 2017-07-19 16:37:34
You have it mostly wrong, I'm afraid. BIP91 is an attempt via a miner-activated soft fork (MASF) to try to support those doing a user-activated soft fork (UASF) with BIP148 to try and reconcile the miners with the users. It does so by an unconventional means that lets the miners sort of "save face" and go along with BIP148 without doing what would be a normal BIP9 signalling. It also comes with a hard fork down the line to larger blocks, but it's debatable how palatable that will be post SegWit.
Coinbase seems to be talking about the miner-activated hard fork MAHF that I think Roger Ver and Jihan Wu support, which is basically hard forking Bitcoin into something where they have whatever size blocks they want (I think presently limited to 8 MB). In any event, whether you want to call it a MAHF or user activated hard fork (UAHF), Coinbase is basically saying "That's not Bitcoin and we will not support you."
I think Ver and Wu might have been under the assumption they were going to.
@_date: 2017-06-20 14:30:58
Awesome, thanks.
For those of you also interested, the PDF link in the article doesn't work so [use this](
EDIT: So having read it, it sounds like they are making a different point entirely. They are saying 4MB blocks wouldn't significantly harm 90% of the Bitcoin network. That still significantly damages 10% and the paper doesn't take into account how many people would possibly shut down their nodes due to the increased storage requirements, which I was really hoping they had a case study or something to reference. :(
@_date: 2018-12-05 19:17:07
I apologize that I didn't even understand the point that you were trying to make. I guess I'm dumber than even the friends and family I find least intelligent. I still love them the same. :D
Also, I'm sorry that intelligence is such a sensitive topic for you that you're unwilling to accept what categories humans subconsciously place with people they meet.
@_date: 2017-06-12 00:11:14


Fun fact, the Federal Register publishes a list of US citizens quarterly [that have expatriated]( but Roger Ver is no where to be found since he supposedly renounced his citizenship. Additionally, he was [denied entry to the US in 2015]( but then has subsequently been allowed in. He posted that he [attended the 2016 Consensus conference in New York and had dinner with Adam Back]( Of course, this is just one example where he proves via his own words he was back in the US, but others have seen him several times since that initial denial. What sort of deals did he make with the US gov't to be allowed back in? Is he still paying his taxes?
@_date: 2019-05-09 20:44:39
If you are going to invest you should buy a hardware wallet and deal with the cost, IMHO. While it may seem like that cost is a stupidity tax on those that aren't technically inclined enough to fully secure their devices and/or use air-gapped protection (like with something like the [Glacier Protocol]( or [Armory]( even seasoned IT professionals should admit to themselves that the only truly good secure solution is separate hardware entirely.
If there is any complaint I have about the hardware itself, it is the constant firmware updates to support more and more shitcoins. I really wish Trezor would have been the one to only do firmware updates for security issues, but maybe someone else will come along with a better piece of hardware and compete with them.
EDIT: Added link to goatpig's version of Armory
@_date: 2018-12-14 17:44:46
While it is true that the original founder registered the domain as "Magic The Gathering Online eXchange" (MTGOX), it was built even from the start to be a Bitcoin exchange. 
The problem that manifested itself over time was more that it was built for a coin that was worth cents and not dollars and they had a bad withdrawal policy that did not properly verify withdrawn coin. They tried to blame their long term losses of client's coin on transaction mutability when every other exchange at the time had that issue factored into their withdrawal process and was properly accounting for their customer's coin. 
Karples got burnt hard by his partners, by the mutability bug, by the US gov't which seized his funds, and ultimately by his own hubris. He certainly deserves blame for his faults, but it's hard to ignore that basically everyone had it out for him.
@_date: 2017-06-14 16:34:46
Last we saw him he was still complaining about not getting his VIP donation back from theymos, lol.
@_date: 2017-06-11 03:31:04


While I agree with you on this point, it's not that long ago that several prominent or formerly promenient Bitcoiners were actually tweeting that SegWit wouldn't happen and wanted it to fail. Some even called it bad code. Several still do at another subreddit. A handful of these now say they support SegWit2K. There's [snakes in the garden]( selling their souls for political control of something they claimed to dislike. Some of us can't wait anymore (thus the reason for why there is support for UASF 148).
@_date: 2017-06-20 16:03:46


TIL there are people that think individuals with this kind of willpower do not exist.
@_date: 2017-06-08 05:17:29
While I agree with this, RFCs (which are a sort of predecessor to BIPs) didn't necessarily focus on single layers of the OSI model. Maybe there should be layer indicators of some sort, like a 1BIP, 2BIP, etc. Where 2BIP would be LN and/or other layer2 solutions. So 1BIP-16 would be PSH as an example.
Of course, the obvious question that arises from this is do we really know what qualifies as a layer 1 or layer 2. Maybe for those two it would be easy to discern, but for layer 2 to layer 3 it might not be so obvious.
@_date: 2017-07-17 15:10:46
It's true. People conveniently forget that the trust issues go both ways.
@_date: 2017-06-21 21:03:11
The problem is that price has increased faster than storage and bandwidth since 2010, making Layer 2 an inevitable necessity.
@_date: 2017-06-11 02:50:02
This is a good question. What we are witnessing today isn't directly all buying, I don't think. It's mostly driven by withdrawals from bad exchanges.
Of course I don't have direct proof of this, but some exchanges in the past were known to be operating like [bucket shops]( meaning that they would sell something they didn't have hoping to cover the shortage at some later point in time. There's reason to suspect some Bitcoin exchanges could be operating this way today, in a sense. I can try to explain.
So here's how a bucket shop operates. Say you are running an exchange for just a small group of friends to make the example easier. One guy (Bill the Buyer) is doing a lot of buying, and another gal (Sally the Seller) is doing a lot of selling. If you wanted to make a little extra money off of trades between the two of them, suppose Bill says he wants two Bitcoins at ~$6k, so he puts in his bid for two of them at $3k each. Sally meanwhile, wants to sell but hasn't yet so she transfers 2 BTC into your exchange. You could theoretically take a small gamble and drop the price to $2800 and tell Bill his sale went through at the $3k he bid at. As long as Bill doesn't immediately withdraw his coins, Sally is very likely going to convert them into cash at a lower rate, and you'll get to pocket the $400 difference. If another friend Ernie sells 1 BTC at that $2800 rate while Sal's depositing, you can let the normal supply/demand work and you might end up even pocketing more on the difference. Same goes with the other way around, suppose there's a lot of BTC but you have some huge cash transfers coming in. You can jack up the price from $2800 back to $3k and then make a small bit of money on the difference.
Now you'll immediately see the problem in this is what happens if Bill does want to withdraw his coins immediately after the purchase or Sally ends up seeing the price drop and decides to withdraw? And you'd be exactly right, this is the problem. But as long as your users are keeping their funds on your exchange, you're fine. UASF 148 could be driving people to do immediate withdrawals, though.
So instead of a friendly exchange between friends, let's do this on a much larger scale with thousands of customers. So long as 80% of your users aren't actually withdrawing Bitcoin, you can do some pretty crazy manipulations with the price and entice users to deposit coins without actually giving them the ability to sell at that price, then you can crash the price and entice some more cash deposits without actually giving them the ability to buy at those prices. The users that leave their coin in the exchange are the ones that give you this wiggle room, and most of the time no one will be the wiser. 
So here's where it gets weird. Some of us larger holders (I'm including myself here even though I'm probably modest in comparison to others) have even witnessed these ridiculous price drops on large (100+) deposits of coin and ridiculous price increases when we subsequently withdraw similar amounts of coin. I'm not going to mention specific exchanges, but of the two I've personally witnessed this happening with, one of them is very well known and the other one no longer exists (but wasn't Gox, I had mostly stopped trading there by 2013). If you want to go back to 2012, I can say with definite certainty that Bitcoinica was operating in this manner and was even calling the margins on their own users. "Once bitten, twice shy" and all that. I did fine regardless, but I won't be making that mistake again.
Speaking of Gox though, one thing that was always kind of unsettling to me was the actions of the infamous ["Willy Bot"]( This was a bot that seemingly bought at random for small amounts, accumulating to what would be larger amounts over enough time. Part of me wonders if Willy Bot could have been the "price fixer" that was accounting for what were presumably larger and larger withdrawals over time, bringing the price to a high enough amount that it would settle at a new price threshold and take advantage of the fact that so many of the users used the exchange as essentially a bank. No one ever saw Willy sell, but presumably during the crash from June 2011 to early 2012, it might have been doing so.
When those of us on here warn you to not store your coin in exchanges, we are NOT joking at all. The pressure to operate your exchange as a bucket shop increases as more and more users become complacent. You do NOT want to be the bag holder in a scenario where the last 80% of deposit holders that left their coin in a bucket shop all do a run to withdraw. The one thing to really watch out for is which of the exchanges are running at a premium to the others in price. There's a good chance that if your exchange is running at a premium during bull runs and at a deficit during bear runs, it's operating as a bucket shop and selling something it doesn't really have.
Oddly enough, these "bank runs" were common with private banks and led to what were called "panics" in the previous two centuries in the US. The FDIC and eventually the Federal Reserve system came about because people were willing to store their money with shifty banks that weren't all that much different, having lent out their user's deposits far more than they should have. But even that system doesn't work, as evidenced by the crash and subsequent bailouts in 2008. In the [Panic of 1907]( it was the large East Coast bankers that were not at risk, thus they covered the losses and set about designing a system to make other banks look good when the government and people asked for it. It took just over 100 years, but eventually that same system they had designed would fail and they'd hold its failure (Money Market accounts being the key point) as a bargaining chip for the bailouts that eventually kept them running without any criminal wrongdoing or single person going to jail.
@_date: 2018-12-07 23:37:25






When the news from SDL hit that "Satoshi" had mined perhaps close to a million coins I remember on the forums that there was a closer look at this delay from 2009. 
The thinking was that for a period of several months, the only person or the bulk of the people still mining was the entity or group "Satoshi" themselves and that they were using an academic lab at a college or research location. The thought for this relatively long "downtime" was that the lab itself was probably being moved to a new location or had lost power over a weekend, thus the computers were down and not online. It would be interesting if someone could line up the timeframe for when this downtime occurred and compare it to power outages.
I don't remember the exact issue, but if one had the early physical Bitcoin Magazine issues there was an article in one of the first five issues (might have been the first one, I don't remember exactly) about a very specific college (I won't mention it here) having a lot of early Bitcoin node activity. One might even be able to see if that particular college or a department of it had a lab move during this time or any power outages.
@_date: 2017-06-06 14:43:41
You don't think adding Layer 2 functionality is worth an increase?
@_date: 2017-06-23 21:47:26
I'm not anti-ETH, I just think it's a very poor investment for someone like myself that values a defined scarcity. Not a whole lot of people who invest in Ethereum understand it doesn't have a defined scarcity. Not a whole lot of them realize its forked already and when a contentious fork happens again, the people who followed their devs before will likely just follow them again, regardless of who it screws over. If someone is comfortable trading in that environment, it's certainly within their capabilities to trade in it.
@_date: 2018-12-04 16:46:38


It's because the financial establishment wants there to be this huge media fanfare when an ETF is finally approved by the SEC so they can jack the price of coin on the public who will FOMO (Fear Of Missing Out) when the news goes live. The entire week it happens the headlines will read shit like "OMG A Bitcoin ETF 4 REALZ?!" like it could never have happened, but those of us in the know will already be aware it's just another pump.
To a certain extent, this Bakkt nonsense is basically the "ETF" news. It gets pumped up in the Reddit queue by shill accounts every time there's a new press release, too.
People should be buying the hell out of BTC right now before this stupid ETF fix is in otherwise they'll just be FOMO'ing.
@_date: 2017-06-28 18:07:56
Actually, that works too, ignore my spelling correction!
@_date: 2017-06-22 15:26:57
Gold is 8,200 billion market cap, Bitcoin has 41 billion marketcap by this same chart. That means Bitcoin would need to be exactly 200 times more valuable to reach parity with gold by market cap.
Might not hit that in the next decade or two, but I would imagine twenty times is viable. Still plenty of room to go up.
@_date: 2017-06-11 23:53:34
And then they invest in cult of personality coins like Ethereum and Dash and advertise them in their subreddit too. The hypocrisy is amazing. Also, they used to call SegWit "bad code" but now they push for a "compromise" written by personalities and not developers. They care more about people than ideas.
@_date: 2017-07-21 14:16:01
You kidding? Bitcoin's designed to be a disruptor. It revels in it. It *is* the honeybadger after all. I want these fiat pansies who only see it as a speculative investment to cry and whine when they have to struggle this hard to get some sort of semi-political win.
@_date: 2017-07-19 20:08:34
A network split will affect the "store of value" attribute of Bitcoin as money, however. It's important to note that even though the Bitcoin itself might still initially be worth $100, there could be a significant number of Bitcoin (BTC) holders that decide to move to BitcoinABC and thus sell those coins on the exchanges, causing a drop in price. Similarly, those that hold Bitcoin Cash (I'll call it B$) might decide that it is worthwhile for them to sell those on the exchanges, so the price of those will fall accordingly.
What we may end up with is BTC that is worth maybe 70% of what it used to be worth and B$ that is worth 30% of what it used to be worth. It could even be 65% and only 25%, simply because the split itself scares enough people to sell out of cryptos entirely. Or, it could be vice-versa, and the trade you thought you were making that was a good one, could gradually change to having been a bad one as the other currency fades into obscurity.
At this point, the only reason to hard fork is because of hubris or because someone is being paid to hard fork by an entity that can afford to fund one. This might be someone who thinks the rest of the Bitcoin world will follow them because they will have the most proof-of-work hashpower and thus the "most secure" network. You can expect to see a lot of propaganda from the supporters of this currency, as they care little if at all about decentralization with respect to security, and most likely think of the average cryptocurrency user as idiots. They will also probably have to continue to hide the fact that they are propping up fake mining pools in an effort to make others think they are still decentralized, honest, and fair. They won't be, though. In the long run, users will flock to the unpropagandized coin, and the perpetrators of the scheme may live forever in shame for their actions.
@_date: 2013-11-06 15:17:01
We're definitely due for a correction. This subreddit will almost certainly call it a crash, though.
@_date: 2017-06-06 15:02:25


This comment is unwarranted. It's pretty safe to say that Dotcom has habitually tried to keep his name in the news, becoming an Internet personality more than a businessman. We've seen this before with people who aren't exactly loved. 
That's not to say he can't market his name well or not, it does mean that he's someone trying to make money through fame, and that rubs a decent amount of people the wrong way. People who make money almost exclusively through fame: Justin Bieber, Kim Kardashian, Donald Trump. Not a lot of good experience with those folks, IMHO.
@_date: 2017-06-27 22:53:54


The problem -- and when we really get down to it, we all know it's the thing that is driving cryptos now -- is that QE creates an environment where savers cannot reliably save in fiat so having fiat is a liability. Your bank makes money off of you charging higher and higher fees, not the other way around. The credit card companies use you to make money off the merchants. Everyone at every level of fiat finance has a hand in your pocket.
There are no good risk-reward investments in the fiat world, nothing that will make people money consistently compared to the past when 4-5% on savings accounts were considered "the norm", bond markets could easily hit 8% and munis were often over 10%? You can throw your money in SPY or a Vanguard fund and hope that when you retire it isn't during the biggest crash, but most of us have retirement funds from our day jobs already invested in that sort of stuff.
@_date: 2013-11-18 21:36:04
Is that Garzick in the background behind Ernie?
@_date: 2017-06-12 00:15:11
Absolutely. The whole negative interest rate thing should really be a telling indicator of what fiat money is actually based off in Western society: lies.
@_date: 2017-06-27 22:24:59
"atomically" should probably be "automatically". Easy mistake though, as autocorrect would not have caught that. Good response.
@_date: 2018-12-04 19:38:32
If there is an argument for selling when your least intelligent friends ask you how to buy is there an argument for buying when your least intelligent friends send you memes and articles about it dying?
@_date: 2017-06-06 15:30:41
You should be honest with them now. If the price keeps increasing they will very much not be happy you didn't tell them sooner. Right now they may not be buying because they think they own something they actually don't. Ensure that they know this so they can make their own mistakes from here.
Also, they aren't your friends anymore, you violated their trust and will likely never win it back.
@_date: 2017-06-11 23:32:53
Vitalik was actually the one that sort of exposed them after the code became public:


The problem is, without access to the code or the backend info on the exchange, you can't prove it even if it technically meets all the features (price drops on large deposits).
So like I said, no hard evidence of it. But it's impossible to get that evidence, so the best thing we can do is warn people.
@_date: 2017-06-28 18:08:57
I stand corrected. Thanks for clearing that up!
@_date: 2013-03-05 01:53:39
Did he say he lost a lot? Because I was under the impression he bought/sold about 200k BTC for $12-$3 that he either bought directly from Satoshi or Hal over the course of July-November 2011, and his original buy-in was in the $2 range.
@_date: 2017-06-16 19:30:03
Maturity is realizing there's going to be significant blowback, including laughing in disgust, when you support haughty blowhards attempting to wrest political control of something designed, owned, and used by individuals who are happier with the status quo than they are with capitulating any sort of control to people undeserving of it.
@_date: 2019-05-06 17:26:58
The interview was done in the 90s. In fact, I think it was after the 92 recession, where the Fed was once again being blamed for intervening in the business cycle.
@_date: 2019-05-03 18:32:25
Buying or selling your entire holdings worth at any given point in time hoping you caught the ATH or a long term low is a fool's errand. For the most part, it is almost always better to use the Dollar Cost Averaging strategy and sell when you need to. This does require radically and fundamentally changing your worldview from one that is fiat-centric ("I'm only in Bitcoin to gain more fiat") to a crypto-centric ("I'm only acquiring fiat to pay for things I have to pay for in fiat") view. It's very hard to convince yourself of this. I've struggled with it and I've been doing this since 2011.
@_date: 2018-12-21 20:53:24
What if I told you that the fact that you (and presumably others) think it'll bottom just under $2k is a good sign that it won't?
I mean, if we're going to criticize the bulls from last year when it was at high highs, we should probably not reserve criticism from the bears when it's at low lows, too.
I remember after April 2013 when it fell from like $266 to under $65 there were a lot of "I told you so" types that then went on that Fall to be the "fear of missing out" crowd that was buying the price up past $1k because they realized they didn't own any and missed the time to buy back in. For every McAfee pumping at the highs, there's a [Professor Bitcorn]( calling for a $10 Bitcoin that never happens, too.
I think we should admit that while the "to the moon" type logic is silly, it's probably just as silly as the ["don't buy bitcoin because you know it is going to crash"]( crowd.
@_date: 2019-05-02 19:25:41
It's not that straightforward, though. At an institutional level you could argue that these factors are already priced in by finance professionals, too. These guys know the block reward is halving not just in 2020, but also probably in 2024, so they've already decided to buy more prior to that in anticipation.
@_date: 2016-05-18 20:01:07
That would be awesome. It could also allow people to set up their own hosted services and provide links to their own Bitcore backends completely decoupling from your servers. That might be the final step needed for us to recommend this sort of thing to family and friends, if we could host our own servers. While I don't have any direct problems with the mytrezor service, it just doesn't quite provide that "perfect" level of security worthy of recommendation outside of a few coin here and there.
@_date: 2013-03-01 19:32:50
Yes. That would be the cyberspace equivalent of the meatspace process of combing through lost shipwrecks. It is so difficult right now to not be viable, but it'd be foolish to say that it will never happen.
@_date: 2013-02-06 17:25:43
Colored coin, once its working correctly.
@_date: 2013-04-19 19:16:06
GBT is a great idea that BTCGuild and Deepbit still need to implement support for. If there's a reason to be upset with BTCGuild, it's over this issue.
@_date: 2013-11-07 06:02:40
No intrinsic value as money?
It's fungible, divisible, a store of value, easily transferable, psuedo-anonymous, and countless other things that make it better than fiat money, gold, seashells, and other forms of money. I don't know how you can get more "intrinsic value" than that...
@_date: 2017-06-12 22:09:42
It's a little less likely today than it was in the past. FWIW, and this is speaking from experience, just fill out the SARS form with your bank and withdraw the over $10k amount. I never had anyone even contact me for an over $10k cash withdrawal.
Presumably, if you're selling on an exchange it doesn't matter if you sell under $10k or not at a time. I say presumably, because it didn't matter in 2013 when I did so, maybe they care now, not sure.
I sold ~$65k worth in 2013 and paid something like over $25k in taxes between federal/state if I remember correctly. I did one large cash withdrawal well over $10k with my bank and while I had to wait a week or two for them to have the cash in the vault and I had to fill out a SARS report for the FBI, it went surprisingly smoothly from there. This was not old coin that I had mined with, however, it was LIFO (last in, first out) money from my arbitrage business. The IRS had no specifications at the time (or well, they did, but it wasn't till like early April 2014, they really screwed Bitcoiners over, too) so I counted it all like it was business income. Turned out later on that it was the right rate to use anyway. I did my taxes that way in 2013 and never got audited. I also sold a five figure sum in 2014 as well and that year also did not get audited. 
I expect to have made a profit again this year and will be doing the same thing, likely also doing a large deposit at once over $10k. I think this time I'll probably just move the cash between accounts though, maybe use a money order. I don't like to store too much fiat in a bank account, but so far we haven't been hit with a bail-in, and I figure if it's anything like Cyprus, they'll go after the $100k+ account holders first. Still very long on Bitcoin but I take a few profits here and there.
@_date: 2013-11-11 22:04:23
It's just a Bitcoin tip bot. I tipped the Redditor who posted this link for doing so.
@_date: 2013-09-30 18:17:43
Then, "getting rid of all of the BS" is going to mean effectively scraping the code en masse, IMHO.
@_date: 2017-06-23 22:01:39
There is a political fight over who gets to control Bitcoin's future. Both sides have legitimate reasons for fighting for what they want. One wants to do on-chain scaling and one wants to do what could best be called second layer financial transactions. There's arguments both for and against both sides. I tend to think the benefits of SegWit outweigh the consequences, but I'm interested in what problems occur post SegWit. Most likely we will see some form of on and off chain scaling in the far future.
@_date: 2017-06-28 18:23:17
Yeah, but at that point, can't we just do stock market finance using blockchains, too? I'm not saying fiat will disappear, but if you want value in real estate, stocks, bonds, etc. there may be ways we can finance that as well.
I think the big thing we're excited about with L2 networking is that we could use sidechains or altcoins backed by Bitcoin, even if they did have some small amount of inflation (say 1%), as long as you kept the "bitcoin window" open with an option to convert to BTC, you could easily replicate fiat money with a system whereby it was at least backed in the long term with holdings in Bitcoin. You could even tie it into gold holdings and offer someone an exchange rate of 1000 Zaeron coins to one BTC OR two ounces of gold, whichever they preferred, and change the basket of commodities on one end of the trade as you desired based on what people exchanged out of your currency for.
I realize none of this contradicts what you had to say, I'm just offering another way of looking at it. I guess maybe my point is that fiat is such a horrible way to save and has so many people at some many layers taking money out of it, that people are yearning for an alternative that doesn't take value away from them in ways they aren't prepared to have done.
@_date: 2016-07-28 20:09:03
I have a not insignificant amount of coin that has been sitting still since 2013 and a significant amount of coin that has been sitting still since 2011. When are you going to add zk-SNARK or another zero-knowledge solution so that I don't have to risk using an alt-coin to do what should be available on the blockchain?
@_date: 2018-12-04 18:05:00


It took about four years before I got to the point of realizing that: price != success (at least when it comes to the strength of a network/blockchain). The price can be falling or very low and the tech still solid. Additionally, the price can be high and inflated and the tech still sour.
There were a lot of people duped by fake ICOs and fake AltCoins, we need to shake those "fair weather" investors hard.
@_date: 2013-09-09 13:15:51
I'm heavily invested in it. Wasn't my intention, though. I started off with a measly $500 investment and over the last three years it's grown to over half my net worth.
That said, I wouldn't say it's perfect. I was certainly say fiat isn't perfect, though.
@_date: 2017-06-07 21:31:44
That's more like N of N, but you're right in that it can sort of be done. 
For example, to mimic a 2 of 3 Shamir's Secret Sharing with a Trezor 24-word seed you can print two copies of all 24 words and then break both pages up into three sets of eight words and store two different torn pages to each of three different locations. I'm not sure if there's randomization concerns with a strategy like this or if it makes things significantly easier to crack, though. 
It would seem to me that having 16 of 24 words to someone's private wallet would be considerably more advantageous than none.
@_date: 2017-06-27 18:16:38
In 2011, after June, things were really looking kind of bad and really didn't completely recover till mid-2012. Here's a synopsis:
1. MtGox had been hacked, someone drove down the price with fake sales in order to do a withdrawal past the daily limits. From June 2011 to November 2011, the price slowly fell from ~$30 to ~$2.
2. There was a politician upset about Silk Road and everyone was fearing the eventual government crackdown.
3. MyBitcoin scammed thousands of users, stealing their coin.
4. One of the biggest european Bitcoin exchanges (I think in Poland) lost ~40k coin when they failed to pay an AWS bill on time.
5. Namecoin was talking about how they'd have to start merge-mining because they could never hit their hash rate targets again.
6. Miner ROI was going from weeks to months to eventually in November of 2011, years. 
7. Almost all the Europeans were selling their miners and operations.
8. Everyone on the forums were talking about how Bitcoin had lost its early excitement. 
9. The first Bitcoin conference was trying to be planned but a prominent celebrity wanted to have it in Thailand instead of the US so there was all sorts of unexpected problems when they went to actually do it.
10. The first Wired article talking about how Bitcoin was dead read like a really bitter obituary. 
11. Nothing in the media about cryptocurrencies at all during the six months after the June crash.
12. Lots of hacks and scams were still going on, very few Bitcoiners trusted each other.
13. BIP 16 vs BIP 17 fight.
14. Tradehill got scammed off of a Dwolla-based bank transfer.
15. One of the biggest Bitcoin tumblers absconded with all user funds.
Things that helped turn it around again mostly in 2012:
1. The price recovered a bit in December 2011 and considerably throughout early 2012.
2. We got a little bit of play in the media with a "The Good Wife" episode called "Mr. Bitcoin".
3. Bitcoinica (even though it ended up becoming a bucket shop and getting hacked twice) started to offer futures contracts.
4. MtGox slowly started recovering price-wise. Off-exchange trades become more common and cloud mining or mining on contract became a thing.
5. A lot of early groundwork for OpenTransactions and colored coin I remember was talked about during this time. While it didn't turn out to be anything big in 2012, it helped spur a lot of alt-coin innovation, leading to Litecoin, Peercoin, etc. Proof-of-stake became a thing.
6. FPGA mining and GPU underclocking helped revive some mining options. Obviously the recovering price helped the most, though.
7. BIP 16 won out and we got multi-signature in place.
8. SatoshiDice helped revive a lot of general interest with provably-fair gambling.
9. Operational security improved during this time. A lot of online wallets that had failed in the past started doing things like Blockchain.info where they kept the wallet separate from the server and user-encrypted.
10. Mobile wallets started becoming a thing.
11. Silk Road's longevity even after expecting a crackdown showed Bitcoin was really anti-fragile compared to other financial systems that simply capitulated to demands.
12. Even though it didn't work out, the "Bitcoin Foundation" drew a lot of new people in that were interested in funding development.
There's probably some more but this is a general list of what went wrong and what got better. While 2014-2015 was bad, there was never any sense that it was over, IMHO. The first big crash from $30 to $2 was an event that made us unsure if it was going to survive. We just weren't sure if the support was there for it or not.
@_date: 2013-04-22 06:43:34
They don't have over 200k in Bitcoins, lol. Even ASICMiner has accumulated at most 100k in the time they've been online, and they mostly sell when it becomes available.
People would be fools to sell, honestly. The price/difficulty ratio puts a bottom at $50/coin, at which point you're going to see actual institutional investors purchasing in the millions of USD just like they did last week.
I mean, I'm all for rational price increases, but the idea they actually have 200k to sell is ludicrous. It's more likely this entire op is being run by someone that is enjoying buying the cheap coin.
@_date: 2017-06-07 21:08:08
While there are ways where it *isn't* safer, you can more easily do M of N multi-sig with it and there is also M of N paper backups. From what I understand, Trezor doesn't do M of N paper backups.
@_date: 2013-11-11 06:59:23
I never really liked Subway, but if they are the first fast food place to regularly accept it in my area, I think I'll probably eat there exclusively for a while. They have enough of a selection I think I won't get bored.
@_date: 2013-10-30 17:22:16
If you're scared, you put too much of your net worth in. Only invest 5% of your net worth.
If you have no net worth, you need to work on fixing that problem first, and don't attempt to use Bitcoin as a way to do so.
@_date: 2013-04-04 23:33:16
Worth noting: Likely a hacked Ebay buyer account. Whoever sent the coin will not receive payment or will get a chargeback.
@_date: 2013-03-11 16:09:37
Why prop up an existing business resistant to change when we can have a new one that's already accepted it?
@_date: 2017-06-06 14:56:01
I see, yeah, this seems risky. Do you not care about government's confiscating TREZORs from people and stealing your coin? It *might not* be a risk in Western society (keep in mind the US has some pretty draconian civil asset forfeiture laws), but in some countries like Russia, NK, China, it could almost certainly be confiscated and taken from you by detaining you indefinitely.
@_date: 2017-06-22 14:38:54
Banned drugs are universally unpatented. Bitcoin frees you from being forced to use the IP-only drugs that go unbanned due to the drug lobby.
One could argue if that's good or not, but it is *true*.
@_date: 2013-11-11 22:02:54
Supposedly you can still get the offline client to work on Pi, but I've had troubles myself, honestly. It's very slow and I'd like to see them do an official release client for it, specifically as an offline wallet. It'd be very handy to have. In the meantime, a VM is still a reasonable alternative, IMHO.
+.01 BTC verify
@_date: 2013-08-26 03:01:07
For relevant history, there were indications bitcoin.de was working with them, seem to be becoming a reality for sure now:
@_date: 2013-03-19 14:44:02
Yes, but it also looks like the symbol for the Thai Baht.
@_date: 2016-07-01 14:35:40
PLEASE NOTE: If you are doing auto-buys via an exchange along these lines, be sure to extract your coin every so often (perhaps once per moth) in order to avoid **exchange risk** which is a very real thing. I gave several friends this buy-a-little-every-week investment advice in 2012 and 2013, a few of them followed it, but unfortunately every single one of them left their coin in MtGox. 
Don't let the purpose of your investment life be to serve as a warning to others.
EDIT: clarified which advice I gave.
@_date: 2013-10-10 17:08:42
Why were you banking there to begin with?
Eh. Sorry. I just wish more people would bank locally and stop using national institutions for their primary banking needs. If you have loans then go with whatever's cheapest, but don't store your actual livelihood with national banks, folks. This is like Personal Finances 101.
@_date: 2019-05-24 19:42:21


They are not spendable, but there was a patch that made the coins that have since been transferred to the Genesis address spendable, if I remember correctly. Or at least, Gavin had proposed such. I doubt Satoshi cares, though, it seems like he prefers his privacy and seeing the experiment continue over financial gain.
@_date: 2013-04-10 14:30:52
So society collapsed in the US depression? You have far too much faith in US banks, a view that is definitely not shared by myself and most of the others in this subreddit. You also aren't thinking on a large enough scale, the world is more than just the US.
@_date: 2017-06-23 22:03:23
This might be one of the most accurate assessments to be honest. I find ETH exciting, but unlike Andreas, who seems to think both Bitcoin and ETH have a future, I just don't know how ETH is going to survive the popping of its first bubble. 
@_date: 2017-06-08 08:20:33
If they all buy hardware wallets now they won't have this problem. Also, it'll likely be late July when the price is over $6k because of all the people withdrawing coin.
@_date: 2013-01-06 07:37:46
SLV. I'm an investor, too. Probably not for long, though. I've been using CEF more often.
@_date: 2013-02-11 00:23:16
Another tidbit is that several of us have asked Gox about 1Dky, and they said they wouldn't comment. My guess is that knowing they were the owner would then be followed up with a "prove it", and knowing that they weren't the owner would then cause a sell scare. But like I said, it looks like SR now is not summing up excess coin into one address anymore, instead they have certain addresses that get up to 25,000 coin, then they start peeling off withdrawals. So when you deposit coin, it goes into one 25,000 address, and when vendors withdraw coin, it comes out of a "spinoff" address from one of those 25,000.
@_date: 2013-09-03 13:18:56
Thanks, I knew I was screwing something up.
@_date: 2013-04-19 19:11:17
Sorry, I guess I didn't make myself clear, supposing he generated the wallet.dat and then he had made a backup of his wallet prior to encryption, it would be on an address that was unencrypted, a decent number of users have a file named "copy of wallet.dat" inside the same directory when they do their "backups" without realizing this file is a huge risk. I know of two users who made backups of their unencrypted wallet not understanding that previous addresses would then be compromisable. I had to explain to them the copy they had on their thumb drive would not contain new addresses since the wallet underwent encryption as well.
@_date: 2017-06-28 18:32:30
What's more embarrassing is I'm a sysadmin who should have probably realized these particular nLockTime transactions would necessarily need to be applied entirely at all stages. I guess maybe it was the two "l"s that threw me off.
@_date: 2013-07-22 15:50:18
Yes, a Semper Augustus in the 1600s at the height of tulip mania would have drawn about $250,000 USD. Today, it's value would probably be closer to $2 million USD... It's hard to say, though, because Semper Augustus no longer exists. There might be people willing to pay even more for it.
@_date: 2013-10-30 19:56:25
+.01 BTC verify
Moderation in all things. I'm getting sick and tired of people pumping BTC like every time is the "right time" to buy. Mining isn't profitable right now, but it might be again someday, and I think the only way that is going to happen is when a lot of people that are buying at the "right time" end up watching the price fall and have to wait a year before they see a profit again.
At that point, the miners will be the ones who were better off. That time might not be now, obviously, but it will be someday again in the future.
@_date: 2013-03-06 14:14:56
He likely did take his profits, I have very good reason to believe he was the private purchaser of 200,000 BTC in March 2011 on the forums. It was also his account that got hacked on MtGox before he got scared and started selling them. Took the price all the way down to $2.
@_date: 2013-10-17 13:43:04
I am sure it makes a difference. Did a $10k+ transfer with US Bank AFTER doing one with my credit union. Guess which one I got the most resistance on? Did transactions with Coinbase and guess which of the banks complained? You're right, about getting reported to authorities either way, but I never had any sort of pushback from my credit union themselves. Additionally, I suspect the larger banks are used by drug dealers and phishers looking to smurf funds. They might even have some sort of pre-determined arrangement whereby they send more than just your name and transaction to the Feds, so by using them you're just planting a big mark on yourself as a target for law enforcement to bully. I ran into some really interesting wording when reviewing the US Bank ToS after I left them that seems to indicate they are extremely friendly in such a manner.
@_date: 2016-07-21 16:19:42
On a side note, for future altcoin hackers who want to keep the coins safe from a hard fork revert post-hack, it helps to consider history. 
After either the Bitcoinica or MyBitcoin hacks, or maybe both of them as I can't remember the details, someone randomly spread out a significant percentage of the hacked Bitcoins to random people in an IRC channel, effectively ensuring that they could claim they had received them from the hacker instead of being the actual hacker AND spreading the wealth around to make support for a hard fork implausible.
Though it was very unlikely that a hard fork would have happened, there were people asking for exchanges to "catch" the coin when it went for sale in order to return it to the original owners, and a few people may have at least talked about the feasibility of a hard fork as well.
Bitcoin survives to this day because the userbase is such that something like this would absolutely never fly. I've said before that there might be room for an altcoin where hard forks to return "stolen money" might be passable, but you're never going to get serious or new people interested in it if an alternative that can do essentially the same thing exists. With sidechains, such a coin could exist and be backed by the "network effect" value of Bitcoin.
In the end, I think most coins that don't take fungibility seriously will end up like Mastercoin, having some limited value in specific applications, but not really as currencies outright.
Of course, this does require that a significant amount of people who understand the properties of money and the importance of fungibility run their own full nodes for a very long time. Otherwise what we'll have in place is a system of money and credit that is no better off than what government fiat and the credit card companies provide us today.
EDIT: Found [a reference about the Bitcoinica hack and IRC distribution](
@_date: 2013-09-05 16:28:18
The shortest and yet still accurate answer is that difficulty is increasing faster than the price.
There's more involved, obviously, but that's the short of it. ASIC mining is becoming only slightly profitable. It will probably remain this way for some time.
Unfortunately, this statistic has never been too horribly accurate as there's no definite way to measure who is spending what on expenses.
@_date: 2013-08-26 18:22:30
Coinlab is suing them, not Ver. That's Peter V, not Roger V. Peter V is definitely indefensible, but Roger V just has one instance that I know of where he treated one of his own customers horribly that left me with a bad impression of him. Aside from that, he's been okay publicly.
@_date: 2017-06-07 21:11:52
This is true, the only exceptions to this I think are real estate and maybe investments to non-profits that were donated as stock or as commodities.
@_date: 2017-06-20 14:16:41


Link or source? Not being contentious, genuinely interested in the impacts they they did see or expect. It'd be good if there was an alt or something that increased block size that we could use as a comparison. To my knowledge there's absolutely no testing or evidence done of stuff like this, certainly none two years ago, but I'd love to read it if there were.
@_date: 2013-11-12 15:26:11
Well, I guess I thought you were echoing "all the exchange rates" including btcchina and some of the other eastern exchanges that are close in volume to it. They may have APIs, but the documentation to (at least a few of the ones I've seen) are NOT in english, yet a couple do about half the volume of many of the Western exchanges.
@_date: 2013-08-12 16:58:19
Yes, sorry I didn't specify this, but yeah, obviously it would be "toggleable on initial waiting period"
I think the problem Gox deals with is they get a lot of upset customers that need the BTC "right now" for seemingly-legit reasons, so there's a bit of resistance to such a change. That said, they should still probably do it because of the bad PR when an illegitimate withdrawal happens.
@_date: 2013-06-24 15:45:16
This whole event has gotten me thinking... What happens when Ripple gets hit with the same C&amp;D? Isn't it all still essentially centralized?
@_date: 2013-04-19 15:29:34
Not that profitable. That's probably over a year's worth of earnings for his pool, which has been on the decline percentage-wise for a while. This is likely a decent amount of his own BTC, I'm guessing more than half of what he has saved.
@_date: 2013-07-15 06:10:57
Looks very efficient but when is the RTM? This fall like some of the other efficient ones?
@_date: 2013-03-08 21:36:59
Wow, this could actually be the person that writes for the Satoshi persona based on just these few responses already. I'll explain.


Satoshi wrote in perfect English but regularly messed up his participles like the "is bit of a hassle" instead of "is a bit of a hassle".


He also lives in UK/Europe based on the regular time of his postings and time of the few trades I know are attributable to him, and this would match up well, assuming he still lives in the same place.
I mean, it's a bit early to tell, seeing a signed message would be nice, but if this is a fake, so far it is a very well-done one.
Assuming you are real, I'd like to ask a question. The ~200,000 BTC of wallets that moved from the pop in Bitcoin Days Destroyed in June of 2011, I know they were from wallets you originally owned (I can't explain how I know this), but can I ask when the original sale took place? Was it from the specific purchase in early-ish March 2011 that I also know took place? (I won't ask any more followup questions, I just wanted to verify something for my own edification)
EDIT: Whoops, I seem to have scared him away. If the analysis wasn't enough to creep him out, the question about the Bitcoin I know he's sold certainly has. Not sure why he'd be afraid to talk about it, we all expected him to sell at least a little bit after the price rose...
@_date: 2013-12-01 20:33:03
+.02 BTC verify
@_date: 2017-06-23 21:33:57
Can anyone explain the history of this for those of us not in the know?
@_date: 2018-12-13 18:54:32
Yes, and I would add it's a high risk, high reward investment.
Bitcoin has a lot of the same attributes as traditional commodities and trades like one because of the rampant speculation that tends to happen from time to time in scarce-resource commodities (Hunt brothers cornering the market on silver, DeBeers cornering market on diamonds, etc.). Over a larger enough period of time it's just another hedge against fiat inflation, but it has technological innovations and development and some attributes as a medium of exchange that surpass even the traditional commodities.
There are some attributes associated with Bitcoin that aren't entirely true in practice even if they are true in theory, too. For example, while a government could theoretically and practically stop a gold transaction, a Bitcoin transaction cannot theoretically be stopped. In practice, however, they simply stop the transaction when it re-enters the fiat realm and ask for the source of the funding.
@_date: 2018-12-14 16:03:57
As says, in 2012 Deepbit dominated the mining scene so much there were constantly posts on here and the forums asking people to stop directing their hashing power to them. In 2013, same thing with [Ghash.io]( except it also had several major articles on it in all the mainstream media. They are now in the dustbins of history.
In 2012 we saw the rise of FPGAs by two companies, Avalon and Butterfly Labs. Both were poised to take over, both had setbacks and BFL even capsized. Avalon is still pushing along and has niche support among some miners even today. For a while there were other mining companies that looked poised to take over in 2013, too, ASICMiner at one point had a multi-million dollar valuations, KNC Mining had a lot of buzz, but none of them reached the level of Bitmain.
But that's the nature of mining. It's always going to be a fight over margins and you have to be a serious investor willing to wait years for an ROI on your investment. If you run a pool you need to be prepared to run in the red for months if not years and be subject to the whims of those using your pool. It's a vicious free market where only the best-run companies and services can survive and any bad news will eventually get priced in and could push you out. It might take a year, but it will absolutely happen.
@_date: 2013-08-12 15:10:47
This is a good question, actually. Even a default "24 hour delay on all withdrawls till you uncheck this box" option is probably even a good idea.
@_date: 2013-04-12 20:46:08
Interesting choice of username. Did you read Mudge's AMA, see his username and decide to have your account not be yourself? :)
@_date: 2013-08-26 03:02:44
Yeah, sorry I pulled my post after I saw someone already posted a link to Ver's bizarre and slightly disturbing video.
@_date: 2013-03-11 14:55:41
I'm not really sure why you're being downvoted. I know people promote Bitcoin as a payment processor replacement, but it's more of a reserve or ACH replacement. It's still very disruptive and quite revolutionary, but the deflationary nature (or slow inflationary nature) actually makes it something that global banks and governments could use. And honestly, I think that was Satoshi's intent.
EDIT: Now I'm being downvoted. Here it is from the original designer's own words:


What we have is a great replacement for the checking/banking industry, not credit card processing.
@_date: 2013-04-07 06:15:27
Worth noting, since Bitfloor's hack, their legal status has been under question, I wouldn't keep many Bitcoin or USD in their system for very long. I did enjoy them while I used them, but I'm concerned about their longevity. Supposedly they are working on paying back previous customers who had their coin stolen, but it was approximately 22,000 BTC if I remember.
@_date: 2013-03-06 14:47:59
I've heard what you've said publicly, and I don't believe you. Not at all, in fact. I am accusing you of lying.
@_date: 2013-10-03 16:30:18
Well yes, see, you know the one person is fat, but what if it's a fat kid aged 16 and has his whole life ahead of him and the 5 people on the track are 85, 72, 83, 89 and that sleazy lawyer who worked for your ex in the divorce? There's any myriad of things these five lives can be, but you're only omniscience is regarding the one fat person being exactly enough to stop the trolley.
You'll have to excuse me on calling BS on that. It's borderline [false-dilemma]( but they don't really have these sorts of logical flaws in the philosophical realm, it seems.
@_date: 2013-11-12 15:50:10
You're correct, I'm an idiot and didn't realize the CNY actually has the other Chinese exchanges. Yeah, this should be trivial at this point.
@_date: 2013-05-14 20:04:42
Oh okay. So they are adding info as they are allowed to or as they find out more about the request, perhaps.
@_date: 2018-12-13 23:09:18
Yes, it's actually really simple. Be the standard. Be the one that doesn't stray from its original intent and remains as technologically-accessible as possible on the first layer and otherwise allows for permissionless innovation on a second layer. As long as you don't majorly tamper with what is working and don't "reenvision" your blockchain tech every year or two or do drastic things like change from PoW to PoS, you are always going to attract a certain kind of investor and Bitcoin has that kind of investor *in spades*. 
Flavor of the month altcoins don't attract that same kind of investor. That's both good and bad, but Vitalik seems to think only "standing out" is good, which is why his coin attracts an entirely different kind of investor. Time will tell which type was the better one to attract. I know where my bets are hedged on the answer to *that* question.
@_date: 2013-12-09 23:59:45
Was that guy Jason Biggs from American Pie? If so, then yeah, it sounds like a continuation of it. He was a lawyer that needed legal help due to the claim from the Treasury that he was Mr. Bitcoin instead of his client, who he was trying to represent anonymously. I won't ruin the episode for you, but there's more to why they call him Mr. Bitcoin than just the Treasury's claim.
And yes, having seen that episode and that episode only from the show, I would conclude that the writers are pretty technically-savvy and well-updated on current events and even the technical issues of Bitcoin to a degree. it was very well done.
@_date: 2013-08-05 06:36:39
Well, I think the threat here is the resell value on existing coins, basically. For example, I have several original 1, 5, and 25 BTC coins with the holographic error. Given this technology exists, I can't sell these coins for the 5, 8, and 30 BTC that they were worth prior to the conference because anyone who would have purchased them would have to trust me to have not have compromised them.
Of course, as the author says, they still have numismatic value.
@_date: 2013-08-09 13:43:11
NP. I actually meant to give something to you guys before but I didn't have any money in the tip bot at the time. Use it for a stay at the inn or sandwiches or what have you.
@_date: 2013-11-27 14:40:52
Erik, I think you mistake the value of litecoin for increasing privacy, hedging against early adopter dumping, consolidated mining power, and other reasons we may not yet know.
@_date: 2013-10-14 14:43:02
You are correct in that the pressure itself is coming from someone specific at Veridian, but not everyone there. Ben has options, he's just not taking them. :/
@_date: 2017-06-27 22:12:45
Thanks. I've often thought I should write up an essay or timeline of events. Stuff like the BIP16/17 ordeal really deserve a good looking at, especially in light of recent events with UASF and BIP-148 and maintaining BIP-9 compliance. 
There's a lot of new folks that don't really have the history of the last developer and miner exchange on something that was seen as contentious. Because of some bad decisions on Gavin's part (and partly Luke being himself), he tried to bring the miners into the discussion on a political fight happening in the developer space.
It ended alright, but it could have been much much worse. Unfortunately it did kind of lead to Deepbit's slow demise over the course of the next two years.
@_date: 2013-03-08 21:52:16
Just FYI: 
@_date: 2013-10-31 18:22:29
Yes. 
I'm waiting for them to email me again this year so I can respond again with the exact same offer I made last year, which is several thousand higher in that fiat they hold so dear.
@_date: 2013-01-14 06:03:16
I don't know many things, but I do know this: If the US mints a trillion dollar coin, it will NEVER be the only one.
@_date: 2013-10-14 20:04:29
Yes, you are quite correct. But they'd have to have their system designed to imitate it. It wouldn't be too much extra work, but would require some "testing".
@_date: 2013-02-14 20:44:16
Eh, I might have to buy reddit gold again. Too bad the admins deleted my first account that was 6 years old and still had 6 months of reddit gold on it.
@_date: 2017-06-05 21:58:45
In order to have a Dead Man's Switch with TREZOR as you describe, your private keys would have to exist not on the TREZOR. This is a nonstarter. With layer two solutions it might be doable with nLockTime but potentially pretty costly.
@_date: 2017-06-12 21:05:24


IMHO, I think they just want to stall as long as they can since they cannot get political control of the code, and it's been working to an extent, too. One could argue that the plan is for them to eventually dump the value they have in these alts back into Bitcoin post UASF since the system will finally be fair again.
@_date: 2017-06-09 14:37:08
I'm not saying they will solve it, but hardware wallets can protect users from hard forks most certainly.
@_date: 2017-06-07 22:07:54
Aside from maybe Ver, are there any other prominent early Bitcoiners (2009 into early 2012) that survived the first big bubble and crash that have issues with SegWit itself? 
I'm not talking about those who might also support bigger blocks, just specifically those with issues with SegWit and Schnoor signatures and other tech likely to be adopted or proposed in the foreseeable future regardless of the block size concerns. It might be interesting to find out what specific issues they would have with moving into layer 2 solutions like this.
@_date: 2013-12-26 18:07:01
Remittance payments were how I got into Bitcoin and my first business in 2011. The trick is to find someone local that your family can trust to convert the BTC into cash on their end. You have plenty of options, using Coinbase or etc. But they might not have an easy way to convert those coins into fiat. If they can find someone locally to do it for them, or use LocalBitcoins.com, your problem is solved.
* Step 1: Make a Coinbase account
* Step 2: Verify it and purchase coin
* Step 3: Have your family identify someone local you can sell to or link their bank account with a local exchange and either manage it themselves or give you the login credentials so you can initiate the transfers yourself
* Step 4: Transfer coin from Coinbase to local exchange or person.
* Step 5: Withdraw or convert to fiat.
EDIT: I should add here that finding someone *trustworthy* and local is key. I knew the guy they were trading with via the Bitcointalk forums and could vouch for his honesty. Made the whole thing cake to do.
@_date: 2013-11-13 16:04:52
Then that's a subjective value and pointless to base any sort of assessment on. What is the intrinsic value of water? Please answer in whatever constant value you wish, USD, XBT, etc.
@_date: 2013-05-25 09:13:39
Supply technically is the same, but imagine the people getting ASIC miners. What is going through their minds? They want ROI, and that will result in a decreased incentive to sell (at least initially).
@_date: 2013-06-03 16:14:39
You are correct, a when these top ten lists were being generated, there were people taking a few BTC. If you look at them, a fair number of them had exactly 0.031337 donated to them. I think at the time, the value of BTC was $5ish, though.
@_date: 2013-10-04 13:49:35
Sure, just take it. I'm not buying you out or anything, it's just a tip. You didn't have to comment and I didn't have to tip. I just really appreciated the insight, and I think the community did as a whole as well. 
Don't worry, I'm not trying to influence you or control the SMF team or anything. :P
If you want to make it a "donation to the SMF team" then that's fine, I use SMF forums for two private forums I run outside of the whole Bitcoin community anyway. Both are light traffic and not Google indexed. I appreciate reading these kinds of insights for the fact I run my own SMF forums alone.
@_date: 2017-06-06 15:09:07
That's weird, I always thought it was Sean Parker (the younger him was definitely more like Russ than the younger Mark Cuban), but [you appear to be right about Mark being the inspiration](
@_date: 2013-03-01 19:49:03
Maybe. I remember I bought about $500 worth at $.85 when it started falling from $1.20 in March 2011 after being there for about a month or so. It continued to fall till it hit $.65 before increasing over the next few months to $30. 
I guess what I'm saying to you is to consider waiting for the shakedown, because when it comes it will be very harsh and probably wipe out %50 of most people's Bitcoin value. It'll be VERY hard to not sell. Whatever you put into this, and at whatever price, you should be prepared to see losses before you see the kind of gains you may expect.
EDIT: August 2012 was another case where it went from spiking at $15 down to $8 within 24 hours, blew away half of the value all at once.
@_date: 2013-10-31 15:36:17
I've seen this graph before, and while I think it has some merit, I'm not so keen on Portugal and the Netherlands placement within it. Does anyone have any harder evidence of them being actual world reserves? I know the Netherlands was where the US went to for a loan just after the revolutionary war. Even though the US won independence, the British Empire continued to dominate for the next hundred years after 1812, so I know that one is true. I also know Spain was huge as well, I just didn't realize Portugal considered a "Western Civ World Reserve currency" prior to Spain and that the Netherlands had somehow displaced them that heavily.
It is also worthwhile/important to note that in the "transitionary" periods of the ones of these I do know of, each of the civilizations were struggling to keep their currency valued more among their own citizens than gold/silver/metals...
Also, you are correct that Bitcoin most likely won't replace as a "world currency", but a Renminbi based on Bitcoin/Gold might.
@_date: 2013-10-16 14:16:09
Folks, do the rest of us a favor and stop using large banking institutions and instead bank with smaller non-profits. For the most part there are credit unions and smaller state banks throughout the US, Canada, &amp; Europe that are going to be far more lenient and open to hearing about what you have to say regarding your transfers in and out of Bitcoin. Additionally, by explaining what it is that you do, you're educating exactly the *right* people that will one-day become our greatest allies in taking down the too-big-to-fails.
You can have your loans in big institutions like Wells Fargo, Chase, US Bank, Deutsche Bank, and etc., but store absolutely no money there. They are out for your fiat like flies on stink, and if they find out you are making money will be pissed off they aren't getting a piece of it. 
We don't want them to get anything, we want them to fail, we want them to despair, because they'll lose in the long run and the sooner they realize this, the better. Every time they seize an account, they aren't learning anything. But if they start *losing* accounts and can't explain why or realize it's because Bitcoin users are waking up to what they really are, they'll have a much different type of fear, **a fear of being powerless**, and that will motivate them in ways that are very beneficial to us.
@_date: 2013-12-20 21:51:25
Did he say unbanked or "underbanked"? I sometimes hear both used but don't know where the numbers come from. Also, he said 2 billion of those in unbanked/underbanked categories have internet access even if not bank access. I'm not saying your wrong, I think you're just missing the details or intricacies of what he's actually arguing.
@_date: 2013-04-16 00:31:13
Did a LinkedIn search on the names, no results that match the WHOIS records or names above. Doesn't feel right..
@_date: 2013-12-30 15:49:23
Apple's never had problems figuring out why sales are lacking before. There was an instance back in ~2003 where the iPod was seeing lackluster sales in parts of the midwest and southeast of the US, even when comparing potential users apples to apples (not intended as a joke) by salary and technical knowledge. I spoke to someone who did the data compilation for them at the time. Turns out, most country fans didn't buy iPods because there was no easy avenue to get country MP3 files. So Apple started adopting and adding tons of easily accessible Country genre music to it's store. They had some before, but they started massively signing up major and minor acts in order to increase iPod sales.
So I have no doubt they'd figure it out why folks are leaving if they keep removing Bitcoin-related apps from their store.
@_date: 2013-11-11 18:17:19
Sorry, I just realized you were the creator of that video. I tipped the guy that linked it .15 BTC so I feel like I owe you something, too.
+.25 BTC verify
@_date: 2013-11-12 17:03:43
I often wonder this myself. Western culture tends to base pricing on commodities on ETF values, even though many of them don't even own the underlying stock. 
A lot of us (bullish commodities traders) think ETFs like GLD and SLV are being shorted naked or equivalent (ie, shorted without someone actually having a legitimate record of account of the share loan). Couple this with the fact that these are based almost entirely on futures and not holding actual commodities **and** that they sometimes have so much volume they represent more gold &amp; silver than is mined in the timeframe they are supposed to cover and you can see why this could easily lead to financial crisis 2.0.
And now we have a Bitcoin ETF? I like the legitimacy this brings, but if Western culture is based on the promise of owning a commodity and Eastern culture (google India/China &amp; Gold) is based on owning the actual commodity itself, this is setting up for a disaster of epic proportions...
@_date: 2017-06-11 23:30:50
Not really, I've thought about making one or posting to a friend's who encourages me to do write-ups like this on occasion.
@_date: 2016-07-29 15:24:06
The actual Bitcoin content is light there, but it's sometimes interesting to watch how such a community evolves over time. 
It has been interesting to watch a nascent group adopt what they really believed in, then despair as they realized it wasn't going to make a huge impact, then it was interesting to watch them get duped by something that promised what they hoped for from big blocks in Bitcoin, and now its interesting to watch them slowly realize that they are an astroturfed Ver support group.
@_date: 2013-03-08 21:48:16
Decentralized exchange + alternative to blockchain.info wallets.
@_date: 2013-12-06 18:51:25


Yes. I bought as a hedge against uncontrollable government spending, the [iron triangle]( the [revolving door]( &amp; bureacrat/lobbyist/politician hegemony in the form of [regulatory capture](


Do you ask people that bought Apple stock in 1999 this same question?
The difference between asking a stock investor and an early Bitcoiner if they are millionaires is that the stock investor values his stock in fiat. An early Bitcoiner values his Bitcoin in Bitcoin, not fiat. It's kind of a silly question.
@_date: 2019-05-02 15:04:45
[Source for those who are not aware](
@_date: 2013-06-19 21:29:18
It won't be this way forever. A company will eventually come out with quick and regular deliveries and ASIC will be commonplace among tons of private miners, so much so that ASICMiner won't be the only competition.
@_date: 2013-05-14 20:52:46
Yeah, LocalBitcoins, CampBX, Coinbase, all of them are going to see some increased interest.
@_date: 2013-11-12 15:16:48
No, you don't bug me at all, I just figured I'd explain it.
The original idea for my name came from a Perl function call I wrote in late 90s that went "Y_or_N" for a true/false. I ended up just getting rid of the underscores and later got rid of the capitalized N as well.
@_date: 2013-03-11 15:30:32
I never understood the nature of arguing one commodity over another. Gold and silver are valuable because they are resources that are relatively rare, but grain and shells have been used in trade as well. The only real enemy towards being a "store of value" right now is fiat currencies.
@_date: 2013-11-12 15:20:01
Appreciate it!
+.05 BTC verify
@_date: 2013-03-14 01:08:14
I actually do price things in BTC. 
And I use the conversion rate like this:
$1 = ~0.021 BTC
@_date: 2017-06-09 14:34:40
I think you have options for non-US purchases on the Trezor to avoid US customs where they would tamper with it.
@_date: 2017-06-05 15:50:28
There are typically more money transfer scams in predominantly foreigner-settled neighborhoods usually due to remittances being higher in those neighborhoods. Some services gaining popularity among these communities might use two-factor authentication services and/or phone verifications.
@_date: 2013-07-23 15:52:28
This. This would be so much more informational and likely even more entertaining than trying to watch two yuppies try to figure out how to use Bitcoin -- a system designed to replace both credit card processing systems and the Federal Reserve -- to live off of.
@_date: 2013-05-06 05:06:57
My biggest problem is I looked into downloading the software and reviewing it for flaws and I cannot. If I don't even trust closed source software for my website or IT development needs, why the hell would I trust it as a store of value or medium of exchange?
@_date: 2013-01-06 08:04:14
This strategy has been working for me for quite some time.
I also win every time I don't play the lottery.
@_date: 2013-12-17 16:54:12


And the to the Moon Guy wasn't an active Bull?
Don't put in what you can't afford to lose. If you're a perma-bull or perma-bear you're only going to meet disappointment.
@_date: 2013-05-17 05:37:15
I will be honest, if LocalBitcoins has taught me anything, it's that I should NEVER be selling on MtGox. The price people are willing to pay is clearly higher than what Gox indicates.
@_date: 2016-07-29 20:30:53
Now if only they were cheap enough to seriously consider.
EDIT: Not to say this isn't a good idea, but it might have limited use till it is widespread enough to be cheap.
@_date: 2013-03-22 19:37:55
I think you're being downvoted because the OP suggested it was GPU mining and the parent is insisting (quite correctly) that he couldn't have "accidentally" GPU mined and forgotten about it. As soon as GPU miners hit, the price went up quickly and anyone GPU mining would not have gotten 500 Bitcoins in anything less than a month. The few that did, such as artforz and Diablo and Vladamir and etc, are all known Bitcoin community users, and their impact on the early days of the difficulty is well-documented and known. The OP either must have been mistaken and it was CPU mining, or it's a made-up story.
EDIT: That said, I found 5.9 Bitcoin I forgot I had left in a betting site the other day, so finding coin stories do happen.
@_date: 2013-11-21 16:55:32
It'll be far less than 2000 years. It might even be less than two months at this rate. We need another crash like the one we had in June 2011, where we didn't hit another all-time-high for about 18 months. Something to shake out all the Johnny-come-latelys that only see this as a get rich scheme.
+.01 BTC
@_date: 2013-06-07 15:27:49
Oh, maybe they weren't. I guess they were neutral. I don't consider myself a BFL naysayer, I just don't like how they have treated their customers. I, too, see this as a step in the right direction, I just hope they keep following through on it.
@_date: 2013-12-27 23:07:08
There seems to be evidence that it is a trailing indicator, actually. Look at the drop that happened after July 2011 till November of 2011.
@_date: 2013-05-31 18:31:18
While you're right on the orders-of-magnitude part, but even a 10% savings with possible optimizations into the 30% range would still be beneficial at that point for parallel. I think the biggest value is going to be the shrinking of the die size, but even that is going to have diminishing returns.
@_date: 2013-02-04 04:07:41
Agreed. Drug decriminalization may happen quickly, but there is still going to be an ease-of-use period that makes transporting large amounts of money and goods much simpler via BTC. In fact, one could argue that such a thing is happening right now in Colorado and Washington.
@_date: 2013-02-23 03:20:28
Crap, you don't want to give me Bitcoin man, are you okay with me giving this back? I have plenty already. Or I suppose I could tip someone else, I just haven't taken the time to figure the bot out yet.
@_date: 2013-11-05 15:02:13
This might be a dumb question, but did you use the same password or a derivative of it at LetsDice.com?
We should seriously investigate the possibility that the site is compromised or there has been an exposure of password hashes there.
@_date: 2013-03-11 17:35:32
BitPay explained once how they can do it. They basically broadcast the transaction to as many nodes as they possibly can, even more than the regular client would allow. In doing so they can pretty much assure the transaction is getting processed.
Additionally they may even have mining pool agreements on top of that to ensure that the transactions are included by the mining pools.
@_date: 2017-06-14 20:09:25
@_date: 2017-06-19 16:27:45


This seriously underestimates the power of those at the spigot of the fountain of fiat.
@_date: 2017-06-09 18:27:58
What I don't get is that many big blockers get so exasperated about how "foolish" is it to keep block size the same, but then they don't fork. If it's a great idea, they should fork. They should have done it a while ago according to their own arguments, so why do they continue to wait?
@_date: 2013-02-21 20:12:01
yes, thanks!
@_date: 2013-05-03 17:27:19
Maybe, but I can't imagine I'm the only "North American" that has some serious reservations with them just handing over Yubikeys. If this is the case, it's clearly a sign I need to move to another country and get a new Yubikey.
EDIT: Sorry, I should have clarified on your comment here:


I think this is the point. I don't think they agreed to provide that for anything but NEW users. Existing users would continue to use MtGox's regular security system. That's why I linked the comment made in the email above.
@_date: 2013-06-24 19:30:21
Not really, someone sold 15k BTC into bids recently.
@_date: 2013-12-26 16:59:14
This is a RL friend of mine. I gave it in earnest then and my word is my bond. I want him to realize he sold it when it was worth $1,000. Right now he thinks he was justified, but if the price ever passes $1k, $10k, $100k, etc. He'll regret it, and if he ever asks for charity again I will tell him I gave him 1 BTC in 2012 and *he and he alone* was the one who squandered it. This might sound a bit self-righteous to say, but I do have confidence that one day it will be worth more than $1k, and if he truly believes it's a pump and dump, he won't ever have a need to ask for my charity again anyway.
@_date: 2013-03-12 05:55:22
This is a really difficult thing to test given this particular scenario, though you can be rest assured that it's going to be tested for in the future!
@_date: 2013-11-11 18:13:26
Yes, you can rebuild from scratch. In fact, the developers encourage you to purposely nuke the computer and start over from scratch before storing any coin in it whatsoever.
@_date: 2013-10-03 14:34:14
+.1 BTC verify
@_date: 2013-10-21 14:11:42
Mine was a little shorter:














I used to donate pretty regularly to Wikipedia, so I was on some "advance" list of theirs for donations. I believe I donated $100 worth of Bitcoins to the NYC chapter last year instead. I probably will again this year if their policy still hasn't changed. At the rate it's increasing now though, I could probably donate $1000 and still donate less in coin than I did last year. :)
As I said then, I have a hard time trusting the integrity of an institution that only accepts fiat money for donations.
@_date: 2013-05-03 19:46:43
[It's not the IRS I'm worried about](
@_date: 2013-03-06 20:49:19
I once tracked the posts of an SA goon on the BitcoinTalk forums. He had accumulated 18 hours worth of browsing/posting in only 3 days of his account being verified. Maybe it's a combination of our assumptions, I'm not sure who else would have the time to spend.
@_date: 2013-03-19 20:35:07


Ahh, so you concede it will still have value for illegitimate businesses and criminals.
Ergo, the following statement is false:


@_date: 2013-02-23 03:50:45
There's a few theories I have on this 400K number. 
The first is that it is Satoshi, himself, and that the primary wallet most of the coins converged to at the time was held by MtGox. The problem is that there is another wallet involved as well which very much correlates with another event: the "MtGox hack." This leads me to believe that this was Satoshi's coin that all went to one address. There's even evidence that the coins were starting to get withdrawn but got caught by the artificial limitations that MtGox put on withdrawals. Additionally, the price was reduced intentionally by this hacker in order to allow them to withdraw even more coin. They only seem to have gotten a few hundred (at most). Meanwhile, MtGox or Satoshi, or whoever seems to have continued to sell off this amount over the course of the next 4-5 months till November, when a remaining ~100,000 Bitcoin was sold off. The price mostly rose from there.
Here's a chart of the days in question, I purchased a significant amount around this time, some of it I've of course sold as the price has increased:
I'm not sure the person in question actually is, but one of the first of a very unique kind of Bitcoin transaction was used by the owner of these wallets, the mistake being that they accidentally moved all the coin from that transaction and a few others into a new address along with all the newly mined coins, meaning that astute observers would know the owner was one and the same. There are very few people that would have and could have mined this many coin this consistently for so long, that's why I think it's at least plausible that this person was Satoshi.
In regards to your other questions, I think this 400K may have only been  a third or less of his remaining holdings, most of which could be part of these remaining 2 million wallets of generated coin only. There's a possibility that just a wallet with the specific private keys to these generated coins were sold as well, meaning the person could be out of the game entirely, removed from the game, their wallets were stolen physically and deleted, or other.
My guess is the person or entity that sold from June 2011 to November 2011 lost ~$10,000 to the hacker and pocketed maybe a net of $700,000 to $850,000 minus fees over that time period. Not too shabby, but dwarfed by the earnings of SR since that time. MtGox may have even made more in revenues since that time, assuming it wasn't theirs or someone working within Gox that sold it.
When I find out who it is for sure, I've got your username saved, I'll let you know.
@_date: 2013-09-09 13:38:21
You're correct, Coinbase should operate like Google. If the IP changes, the cookie is invalid and the user needs to log in.
@_date: 2013-04-09 18:39:53
I'll offer a counterpoint. I don't agree with everything the Bitcoin community settles on, but FDIC insurance is actually one of my biggest beefs with the US banking system. It ENCOURAGES risky investments, because when they are insured with taxpayer money and they don't care about what happens to their customer's dollars. Don't think for a second the banks are insuring themselves; they use their customer's money plus the payouts are guaranteed by the federal government. After all, it's the reason why we had bailouts instead of FDIC claims processes. And it's the reason why it would happen again if the market crashed. Nothing has changed.
A free market in banking hits optimum balance when entities consider both risk and reward. Glass-Steagall put a governor on reward by preventing companies from trading securities with customer funds and was balanced by providing FDIC insurance to mitigate risk. When the first part went away, and the FDIC remained, it toppled the risk vs. reward system. Now you had a system whereby anyone could seek any reward, regardless of risk, because their customer's funds were insured by the FDIC. So virtually every bank participated in it. Derivatives markets enter into the tens of trillions of dollars even today.
Where progressive liberals and fiscal conservatives or libertarians differ today is on whether or not the FDIC should also go. You can defend the FDIC if you wish, but know fully that it is a very POLITICAL reason why you would do so. If you want a free market, one without government interference, you would argue the FDIC is upsetting the balance of the scales, and tear the sucker apart and let people wisen up to how their own finances are handled, and force the bankers to not be idiots with their own customers' money.
I don't want to live in a world where a fool and his money are subsidized. I want people to actually learn and care about their finances again. That's why I absolutely loathe the FDIC.
EDIT: Forgot to mention, there's only like enough actual bank money in FDIC insurance to cover maybe a thousandth of the banks if they were to all start defaulting. This is why we can clearly say that it's taxpayer's money that insures the banks, because they don't generate enough to insure themselves.
@_date: 2013-05-14 20:49:47
I think this is Coinbase calling in favors, IMHO.
@_date: 2013-06-24 20:30:54
I guess my real question is that since we know OpenCoin, Inc. pre-mined a few billion of these Ripple XRPs, couldn't a legal request/demand of this nature (a C&amp;D), as sent to the Bitcoin Foundation, if instead sent to OpenCoin, Inc., essentially kill the coin? 
They wouldn't be able to prove they *weren't* a MSB, unlike the Bitcoin Foundation.
@_date: 2013-09-03 03:51:14
Good idea to make this post. Folks, do not put anything more than 5% of your net worth into Bitcoin. Just cause some of us started early and got lucky does not mean we originally put more than 5% of our net worth into Bitcoin or saw it as anything other than a high-risk, high-reward investment.
+.2 BTC verify
@_date: 2013-08-13 16:27:56
As a sysadmin, if I didn't throttle certain forms of internet traffic, I would be considered a POOR sysadmin. I'm not going to treat abusive network traffic as equal to email traffic. Usually the more-demanding of network resources a service is, the more likely it needs shaping.
You can speak Net-Neutrality till your blue in the face, but once you are a sysadmin, you have to curb bad, abusive traffic.
@_date: 2013-08-09 04:53:34
+.5 BTC
@_date: 2017-06-26 14:19:28
Like a [Tempest attack]( Not likely, there's still the threat of unknown side channel attacks and "shoulder surfing" could be a "being nearby" attack, I suppose, but I kind of doubt the latter would be good enough to do a DEFCON talk about. 
It's most likely something we don't know about yet or something still theoretical but good enough to do a talk about.
@_date: 2013-06-07 15:26:37


They think for their own preservation as developers. I don't fault them for that, I just think that when you are getting paid by an entity comprised mostly of vendors, you're not going to code with the miners in mind.
Likewise, I am not coming out against a hard fork at all, either. In fact, a hard fork could be a good thing, as it gives new/other developers a chance to really shine.
@_date: 2013-04-17 06:26:11
Yeah, for all the flak Yahoo has gotten, their finance charts and tools really are top notch and blow Google away. I used to think Yahoo was overvalued, now I wonder if they don't have real geniuses working there just kind of obvious to the world's perception of them. A bunch of hardcore nerds that cater to the other hardcore nerds using their APIs.
@_date: 2013-12-23 16:16:53
Please OP, do what nagdude has suggested here.  optional. I've been involved in Bitcoin since 2010 and you wouldn't believe how young most of the Bitcoin users are, asking a question like this in is just asking for bad bad bad advice.
@_date: 2013-09-23 13:43:44
Well, it *is* censorship, it's just customer-driven censorship on a corporate website that is free to block whatever it wants.
@_date: 2013-07-07 23:35:04
Do you mean the yuan? The yen is Japan's official currency.
@_date: 2013-06-12 18:46:12
He could be referring to it as "as priced in fiat". Though based on his other sentences in the same comment, I'm not sure he's really thought this thoroughly about it.
@_date: 2013-01-06 07:35:46
To be honest, some of the best programmers I've met are aware of what a multitude of languages offer. It could be they are looking for someone both willing and capable to support everything. I would agree that your conclusion is the *likely* one, but it is possible they are looking for (and hopefully willing to pay for), the crème de la crème.
@_date: 2013-03-05 20:46:43
But do they accept Namecoin?
@_date: 2013-06-13 18:32:17
Thread this is from. There are some other gems in there:
@_date: 2013-12-17 21:03:56


How is speculation commitment, though?
A long sustained decrease in price will shake speculators who are not committed to the underlying technology.
@_date: 2013-04-25 16:45:46
Pastebin of the full email:
Blockchain reference confirming the IP used in the safe-mail is from a location that has run the Bitcoin client before:
The ISP in question has three easily found emails:
marian.petrescu noc sales
I would recommend Ver file a local police report for the extortion attempt, then use that police report and case number to file another report for an extortion attempt in Romania, then include the folks in an email mentioned above while referencing the case number obtained from Romanian police.
Or the ISP my just help out based on the evidence above and identify the individual so they can be reported to Interpol. Or Ver could just file directly and have Interpol do the work for him:
EDIT: nm, It's a TOR exit node. Explains everything.
@_date: 2013-07-01 20:21:09
Yes, he sold/donated the vast majority when they were under $10. I can't elaborate into specifics on how I know this, but there were plenty of people that knew him and confirmed some details to me. He was also behind TimeKoin, I believe, which didn't take off. I would venture to guess he only gained around $100,000 via sales of coin, likely less given there was at least one private donation of ~30k BTC to Wikileaks apparently. I believe he was down to under 100k BTC by May 2011.
@_date: 2013-12-09 18:31:46
The whole episode covered it and who created Bitcoin, but they couldn't tell who actually created it yet had to defend someone accused of it. Can't remember which episode, it aired January of 2012, I think, though. It was kind of after the price had just started rebounding in value so a lot of us watched it.
@_date: 2013-11-15 15:09:51
The history of case law surrounding *vitium reale* with regards to money is precisely why I did a little dance when pirateat40 was told Bitcoin was **money** in a federal judicial case here in the US. That [judge's comments]( stated:
*It is clear that Bitcoin can be used as money. It 
can be used to purchase goods or services, and as Shavers stated, used to pay for individual 
living expenses. The only limitation of Bitcoin is that it is limited to those places that accept it as 
currency. However, it can also be exchanged for conventional currencies, such as the U.S. 
dollar, Euro, Yen, and Yuan. Therefore, Bitcoin is a currency or form of money, and investors 
wishing to invest in BTCST provided an investment of money.*
Thanks to this Judge, we now have precedent that can be directly referenced. He just justified about 300 years of case law now indicating that those that support fiat currency will undoubtedly have to compete on an even keel with those of us that support Bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-03-22 23:56:54
If you need moral support to hold, I'd honestly rather you sell.
@_date: 2013-12-04 14:57:04
Umm, and the other 10% of us are sitting on hundreds of coin and waiting for Amazon or Newegg to accept BTC so we can finally start spending it safely.
@_date: 2013-09-23 13:57:24
Well, except it wouldn't, because Flynn would have rejected it and send it back to the originating address anyway. If it was a sending address only, well...
@_date: 2013-05-14 20:07:58
Yeah, can you imagine how huge this is to the folks selling on LocalBitcoins.com? 
Assuming demand remains the same (and we really have no evidence that Dwolla being taken away as an option is going to change it), the amount of p2p trading is sure to increase, and if these folks originally sold for high amounts, how much more are they going to start charging?
MtGox might end up becoming an unsafe way to base the price of Bitcoin now, especially for folks that want to trade in the thousands of dollars.
Also, the folks that have boatloads of cash in Gox right now are going to get some awesome deals tonight and tomorrow. I imagine Coinbase is going to be rolling in dough soon, too.
EDIT: Keep in mind that while this prevents people from getting cash INTO Gox, there have been times when the cash coming OUT of Gox was greater. Possibly even has been the avenue-of-choice for some. My guess is that AML stuff would have something to do with the money launderers using Gox-&gt;Dwolla to send funds to smurfs who then withdrew it for cash. This could actually mean people will stop selling coins on MtGox instead of vice-versa.
@_date: 2013-05-14 20:25:33
Ahh, ok. Makes sense.
@_date: 2013-03-19 14:54:48
Making something illegal doesn't make it not wanted. There is a demand and supply curve for even illegal goods.
@_date: 2013-04-04 23:35:14
No, they will side on the side of the buyer. Been here before in 2010. Trust me, whoever is selling the physical coin is about to get scammed.
@_date: 2013-05-29 03:34:35
What do they use for the RNG? Are these PRNG?
@_date: 2013-03-06 19:43:29
My biggest concern about how Coinbase operates is what the message is going to be when no one wants to buy coin and the price is falling (vice-versa of today). Are we going to get a message saying "We've sold our allotment of coins for today, check back again in 24 hours!"
@_date: 2017-06-26 19:05:43
Well, maybe. We can kind of already see how the trading is going. 
According to CoinMarketCap ~33% of trades are going directly between ETH to Korean Wons, and only ~%20 into Bitcoin. 17% into Chinese currency.
BTC is getting traded at about ~6% of it's volume with the Won right now. 
Seems like a lot of Korean money is being sold for, actually, but I wouldn't doubt there is probably some people bouncing through BTC before getting cash.
Also, it looks like someone on Poloniex accidentally bought 10-15 million XBC.
@_date: 2013-01-08 16:07:13
ASICMiner will eventually manufacture ASICs, but their first round of funding set up their board and ownership. Only a few number of people willing to invest $4,000 or more got in on it last August. I followed it but did not participate. There are others that have non-board positions that own slightly fewer numbers of shares.
@_date: 2013-08-05 06:48:10
This is the best by far:
It's long, but it doesn't get technical while remaining concise.
@_date: 2013-02-05 18:08:58
No pictures and no current customer references. At least Avalon ASIC had a lot of happy Icarus customers.
@_date: 2013-08-29 17:48:40
Sounds interest, it might help drive a different type of person to learn about Bitcoin, notably those that enjoy donating psuedoanonymously like myself and a few others I know.
@_date: 2013-02-24 23:48:38
Built-in escrow services. Frankly, though, I'd just want there to be competition. Blockchain.info is owned by Roger Ver, who used the service to hunt down someone he'd accidentally given too many Bitcoin to and [harass them about it on the forums]( His ability to do it again was removed, but the service is still owned by him, and he's shown he's willing to abuse his ownership to go after people he thinks have wronged him.
Additionally, nothing stops Blockchain.info's code from changing so that it sends your keys back to itself. This is the risk you're always going to take with these web-based services, IMHO. I don't like the idea of trying something you don't run yourself.
EDIT: Worth noting, he apparently has a little downvote brigade going as well, mention this situation at all and you'll get downvoted. They don't even bother to try to argue he was "in the right" anymore, at least.
@_date: 2013-02-14 22:02:30
You may want to talk to Coinbase about it. It could be a bug with their system that doesn't recognize them if there's an orphan block involved at all.
@_date: 2013-10-07 21:27:32
Exchange risk is still a very big problem. While CampBX and Coinbase are professional and  Coinbase uses offline wallets, I would not recommend leaving large sums of money in them. IE, greater than $10k USD.
@_date: 2013-03-04 20:45:35
I signed up in early 2011. Not sure when I went through verification, but it took a day or two at the most.
@_date: 2013-01-02 20:41:08
The best legal reason I've found is for remittance payments. You get to help cut enormous costs out of transactions between a family that is oceans apart, and you still make a profit. Plus you meet great new people, honestly.
@_date: 2013-03-08 03:22:02
Ignore and move on. Most of us have already.
@_date: 2013-11-04 23:08:03
While I would agree with you, I have seen a lot of posts lately that seem to go like this:
*Long term BTC holder, I'm out as of today. Thanks for the ride!*
Then you find out within the post that:
1. They have held Bitcoins only in the year 2013.
2. They have sold out of all of their Bitcoin and maybe only owned 10 or less.
No offense to these people, but there's a level of dismay I have in reading these kinds of posts.
First, holding since the last bubble doesn't make you a "long term holder". Second, selling every single coin you own when the original reason you got in was because you thought Bitcoin was a revolutionary disruptive technology and bound to be adopted everywhere is absurd. 
These people don't believe in Bitcoin the protocol, they believe in Bitcoin the currency, and specifically as something to be gamed. They are just pumpers and dumpers that (likely) failed and are hoping that their post forces it to crash so they can buy back in and pump and dump again.
I have no respect for these folks.
Try holding your yearly salary's worth of Bitcoin through a two-year bubble/crash/recovery cycle that goes from $26 to $260 and back again, and then maybe we can talk about your qualifications for "long term holder". Try donating regularly to Bitcoin charities, emailing charities, remaining active on LocalBitcoins.com to help people avoid Western Union fees, etc. Try supporting bounties for development on Bitcointalk forums, etc.
Do something novel or not, but quit thinking others care about whether or not you sold every coin you own.
EDIT: And for that sake, quit thinking others care about whether or not you've put your life savings into Bitcoin as well. Invest in the technology, not the currency.
@_date: 2013-12-27 16:30:12
A good portion of Coinbase's slowness is attributed to the fact that they store 80% of their coin in offline wallets. That is what makes them safe. If you don't like or appreciate that, go use MyBitcoin, Inputs.IO, or whatever the next soon-to-be-scam web wallet is.
@_date: 2013-03-04 20:43:56
In what range is your userid?
@_date: 2013-03-12 14:29:17


@_date: 2013-10-22 04:51:27
Well, it is. Kind of. In two ways.
 is all the new "against the mainstream" businesses that are starting up and doing hiring, hiring a lot of the kids fresh out of college that, because big banks aren't hiring, would otherwise not have good jobs. They are more technically-inclined, and probably do better in this environment anyway. While these kids aren't destitute -- as someone who worked for a year outside of college at a crappy job after the dot-com bust ruined prospects for a great IT salary -- I can assure you that not having a good job when you have loans due still qualifies very much as "poor".
 would be places like Sean's Outpost. It's honestly only a matter of time before we see something like a Chinese equivalent, if there isn't one already.
@_date: 2013-01-08 16:11:39
Not enough A/V nerds into Bitcoin. Lots of kids that can't make finished products, IMHO. I've contracted for two videos and both turned out to be wasting the coin. The best videos we've had like the [WeUseCoins.com video]( were just straight up bounties. No one wants to work on a bounty without getting exclusivity rights, though, so it ends up meaning you're left to pick between teenagers that know a few things about video editing.
@_date: 2013-11-22 19:10:27
piuk might be reading Reddit and just linked it.
@_date: 2013-08-14 17:31:29
If there was a way we could troll the top 50 subreddits for Bitcoin-related posts to tip in, I'd totally be down for that.
@_date: 2013-05-03 21:00:00
I think maybe there was an ambiguity in what both of them thought they were agreeing to. Exclusive NA contract for all new users or Exclusive for all new *and existing* users.
But I'll be honest, I don't know for sure. I just know that I (and I suspect others) had separate agreements with MtGox that our private data would not be sold to a third party. Mark even mentions the [strong privacy policies]( when he first took control of MtGox in March 2011. A number of us were grandfathered in.
@_date: 2013-10-07 21:10:17
Honestly, I'd really like to see someone completely and thoroughly answer this question, being sure to include the Federal Reserve's role in the process with regards to how it interacts with the bank as well as any other intermediaries like loan insurance and etc.
@_date: 2013-10-26 05:51:40
SA goons/Anonymous/hackers that had accumulated a large number of coins and then subsequently attempted to sell them on Gox while DDoSing. At least, that's the theory, not sure if I buy it.
@_date: 2013-03-01 16:45:51
Could have to do with what you were selling as well. I was trying to sell video cards and, of course, no one wanted them. When I put them up on Craigslist in Bitcoin at highly reduced value, they sold much more quickly.
@_date: 2013-10-17 15:20:05
BTCGuild isn't a great example. Do you want it translated into Russian/Chinese/Spanish/Portuguese? Cause if not, you're only probably ever going to capture 10-20% of the miners, even if you had 90% of the primarily English speaking people using your pool. I remember when BTCGuild was scrambling to pay bounties for folks to do translations because they were afraid of losing market share.
@_date: 2013-04-07 06:11:55
BitMinter and Eligius are great alternatives. Especially Eligius if you want to mine to an address without providing any identifiable information whatsoever. I actually prefer BitMinter's all-in-one mining code, but I've used Eligius and P2Pool in the past.
@_date: 2013-05-31 16:46:39
I find it humorous that over the last 3 years I've seen people's concern for a 51% attack change.
* 2010 - "One rogue system administrator could 51% the network with a massive CPU farm!"
* 2011 - "One rich kid could 51% the network with his dad's money spent on a GPU farm!"
* 2012 - "One large company could 51% the network with their FPGA farm!"
* 2013 - "One government could 51% the network using their own custom ASIC farm!"
Do you sense a pattern yet? Cause I do...
@_date: 2013-11-05 15:04:21
And tried to steal our Yubikey codes...
@_date: 2013-05-03 19:55:53
We have no indication that MtGox was actually willing to hand the keys over. In fact, that's the whole point of my comment. I don't think they were willing to given user agreements prior to Coinlab, and I believe it was NOT written into the contract that existing users would have their keys handed over.
@_date: 2013-03-02 08:09:05


Because we paid for them to create them. It's like asking why people creating and selling pickaxes in the Gold Rush sold them. They intend to do what they do best, making miners and selling as many of them as they possibly can.
It is worth pointing out that at some point these miners might sell for only $500 or less, as the profit margins dwindle, however.
@_date: 2013-07-07 23:49:23
To add to what these two have both pointed out, China wants to float the yuan, but have had problems in the past because there is no demand for domestic spending. Chinese, especially the wealthy and upper middle class, have traditionally considered Chinese goods and services as inferior to European or US goods and services. 
By fostering Bitcoin interest, the lower middle class and even some of the poor will perpetuate investment in Chinese-based companies and services. This keeps the money local, and any gains in the Bitcoin world, especially via ASICMiner dividends, will likely be spent locally as well.
The price hasn't changed, and actually dropped, but that's because as dividends come out for ASICMiner, a number of the Chinese shareholders (of which there are a LOT) sell those dividends immediately in return for fiat.
This can only go on for so long, however, at some point ASICMiner won't be returning the dividends, and the price (in fiat) will rise as there are less dividends being sold. A few folks early on got very rich on dividends and stock sales, but there seems to be evidence that there are some diminishing returns.
Of course, I have to be careful what I say, because the last time I de facto stated that ASICMiner was overvalued, I got downvoted to oblivion. I guess I should rephrase what I actually meant, which is that it is going to become increasingly more difficult for ASICMiner to keep up with Bitcoin interest with other competitors entering the game. And I'm not talking about BFL or Avalon, either, I'm talking about other Chinese companies and "unknown unknowns" throwing hefty engineering into this. 
ASICMiner has an instantly-available chip, but it's not quite as efficient as Avalon's in the watt/hash ratio, and there's some reason to believe that any number of Chinese companies could come up with a chip that is *even more efficient* in the near future. **That** is the threat. ASICMiner is top dog, but it will become very hard for them to maintain that position as time goes on, there is a limit to their share value because of this.
@_date: 2013-12-26 17:55:09
Use a credit union or state bank and quit mucking around with national banks. You lose money banking nationally, while local banks actually have better rates and usually better reward checking programs. Ask your bank if they have anything like *reward checking* and read up on it on Google. You should get to share a part of their profits, not be the one they make their profits off of.
@_date: 2013-09-09 19:01:33
$0.85 originally in late February or early March of 2011, I don't remember the exact date.
Keep in mind I've both bought and sold since then, and mined. I can safely say that I still own more than the initial $500 bought me. I've made both good trades and bad trades, though.
I cashed out of significant holdings at both $35ish and $65ish, however.
I still have a day job.
@_date: 2013-10-10 21:39:38
Yeah, I just emailed a Veridian exec I know to let him know Dwolla won't ever be a cash cow like they were planning.
@_date: 2013-12-31 17:27:52
Yeah, I hate to rain on the anti-anti-iPhone parade, but either way, this is nothing but bad news for Apple. The Apple apologism in this subreddit is quite uncalled for. 
@_date: 2013-11-11 07:53:54
Supposedly the latest beta only requires 256mb of RAM. I agree with you, though, this is a huge barrier to entry. Trust me, the current dev team is working on it. I highly recommend you follow its development at least, and comment on the main thread here:
+.01 BTC verify
@_date: 2013-06-10 17:00:26
They are using WalletBit, that's a WalletBit address, they own more than just that 45k you realize...
@_date: 2013-04-19 06:51:44
I'm supporting this even though it would hurt one of my main business ventures, which is providing remittance to families overseas to people within the US.
@_date: 2013-12-10 03:08:05
Here's a preview for it, it's how it starts:
* 
If you have Amazon Prime Instant Video you can watch it here:
* 
If you don't have prime, you can buy/rent the episode as well:
+.01 BTC verify
@_date: 2013-11-08 15:05:07
And not only that, but thousands of .X transactions are going to take longer to get to the point of not needing higher transaction fees than hundreds of X. transactions.
In other words, they are probably trying to avoid transaction fees, but since the vast majority of people buying are buying small sub 1 BTC amounts now, they are actually running into some limits on transfers without such fees.
@_date: 2013-02-06 17:28:19
Someone did an excellent write up on the unlikelihood measured in "your chance of getting struck by lightning." It amounted to not just being struck by lightning several times, but every day of your life for like 80 years. It is **that** infinitesimally small.
@_date: 2013-06-20 02:30:42
Because they can't feasibly keep adding, but if the demand is there, they can continue selling, and selling at a higher premium than they can mine. This is Economics 101.
@_date: 2013-11-12 19:16:53
Yes, overhead can be used as an excuse for it. For BTC, the overhead is having two computers capable of being used standalone for Bitcoin Armory, a good hardware-based firewall for the online computer, and a secure thumbdrive (the more secure/encrypted, the better I suppose). It's not cheap, but yeah, in comparison to commodities ETFs, it's practically zilch.
@_date: 2013-12-27 21:43:29
Yes, I was well aware of this one but forgot the URL (thanks), and there will likely be even more services based around notarization via the Blockchain as well.
@_date: 2013-06-20 14:38:14
My point is that what ASICMiner is doing is a good example. There became a point where, despite their hashing power, their stockholders wanted them to sell miners instead of hoarding hashing power. That's because they were at 40% or so of the network hash rate, and increasing that any more would have almost certainly started to affect people's trust in Bitcoin, thus dropping the value.
Because of this, they held a vote and started selling more hardware, because more hashing power equals a more valuable ASICMiner.
@_date: 2013-12-10 19:45:24
So you agree with their stance that they should only accept money backed by governments, [including those governments they consider "enemies of the Internet"](
@_date: 2013-10-03 19:22:10
Well, let's talk about gender then. Suppose in the trolley situation you're a female and your society has few males left. Do you push the fat man to let him die to save five women? What if it was one fat woman for five men given the same societal issues? Or is there some sort of "state of being" where it doesn't matter what gender; that regardless of the makeup of the society you are seeking to defend "a human" in this consequentialist action? More importantly, maybe due to culture it would be acceptable for a female to push another female in the path, but not a male to do so because the culture puts a high value on the diminishing males being non-judgemental?
I honestly don't have the answers to these questions, but I do think they bring up interesting moral dilemmas that go beyond the simple trolley dilemma by itself. Gender isn't a great one to focus on, because it's less of a cultural impact by Western standards, but I guess that's my point of bringing it up, there's always a "cultural penalty" to your actions, and they tend to focus on race, gender, age, etc.
For a similar comparison, look at what Battle Star Galactica did, they used a "society is dying and we're down to only 40k humans" consequentialist-like argument to justify outlawing abortion.
@_date: 2013-07-23 15:57:26
This is a very long and somewhat dated documentary, but it is *very* good, probably one of the best tools for someone new to understanding the financial system and I appreciate the fact it does NOT get into conspiracy, just tells the truth about the use of fiat throughout history. 
I also especially like his critique that it's not the fiat money that is the problem, its the fractional-reserve lending, but I would probably disagree with him that fiat itself is OK. Fiat needs an inflation mechanism to go from a "representation of debt" to "currency" which is why fractional reserve banking came about to begin with. The two go hand-in-hand.
After watching the documentary, it becomes extremely clear why we are where we are today.
@_date: 2013-10-02 22:10:42
Well, coins may get real cheap till a new SR pops up, so the barrier to entry of a high price might be staved off for a bit.
@_date: 2013-04-22 14:36:00
Reddit admins deleted my original account that was coming up on its 5th year birthday a bit over a year ago. I still had Reddit gold on the account, too. They never gave any explanation for why it was deleted and have ignored every request for an explanation.
Reddit will never get a single bitcent from me.
@_date: 2013-02-13 20:22:04
Inflation is a term economists have used for a very long term, it's only very recently, when liberal-political-activists-turned-armchair-economists started using it, that we've had to start differentiating between monetary inflation and price inflation. Every Austrian economist is concerned with monetary inflation, and charts showing price inflation don't typically sway us, because that's the symptom, not the cause. Plus it doesn't really even record two things that matter the most, food and oil.
@_date: 2013-08-12 15:29:20
It's also been used by old miners since 2010. Don't get me wrong, though. I love Coinbase &amp; Bitstamp, and would love to see even new competition, but Gox is still the big dog and has the longest history of trust with a lot of people.
@_date: 2013-12-18 16:21:56


I like where you started going with this but not where you ended up. I've been involved in Bitcoin for a long time, and I've seen price drops of 94% over the course of six months. I match almost exactly what you're saying, but disagree that I don't know where the price is going. It could go to $200, or it could do a 94% drop from the high to the double digits, but it won't stay in the double digits for more than three months, IMHO, possibly even less than one month if it follows the previous trend in November. There's going to be particular resistance at $60-$140ish, probably from the same market makers that moved this down to begin with. I disagree with the assumption that we don't know where the price is going, because I can pretty much say it *isn't* going back up to $1k anytime soon. Not in six months, maybe not for a year or more.
We were long overdue for a huge correction, even with the volatility. There are old timers (late 2010, early 2011 adopters) in these threads that comment, but they don't comment on specifics, so most of you ignore their advice. You shouldn't. I'll go ahead and reveal something so folks finally listen to what I have to say: When the price was above $1k and into the $1.2k range, it was on such light volume and buying interest that I, personally, could have moved the price down under $1000 with only a sale of a small portion of my holdings. Volatility is all but inevitable when you have large sellers trying to sell to large buyers, and my guess is that one of the major exchanges or market makers finally decided to start moving the price. Trading bots could also easily manipulate the price when the price increased so drastically in such a short time.
We need to talk about capitulation, because this subreddit hasn't seen it yet, but we're going to. It still won't come for some time, we're talking months. I really do not see the price "rebounding" any time soon. If you weren't in this for the long haul, you should be prepared to watch the price further languish for several months. If you cannot do that, or are not prepared, then you should consider whether or not crypto currencies are really for you.
I actually like these times, because this is when some of the most unique innovation in the blockchain and etc occurs. The long 18 months between June 2011 and December 2012 helped Bitcoin mature and introduced all sorts of new and interesthing things like [the BIP 16/17 debate]( [Namecoin]( it started in April, most of its development came after the Bitcoin crash and [the purposeful 51% attack]( helped us learn more about P2P cryptocurrency resilience and lead to pump and dump coins), [Litecoin]( [Peercoin]( and [Freicoin](
Hold, accumulate, or sell, but for fuck's sake, don't hold on to the belief that new highs are just a month or two away.
@_date: 2013-09-23 13:42:06
The headlines should read "SEC forces another world exchange crash all in the name of 'protecting' US customers."
@_date: 2013-09-26 19:21:17


I wish this post was higher up in the thread for this alone. Everyone seems to want to sweep this "under the rug" as something that can be ignored or hidden. I remember when this happened, and it shocked me that someone I formerly-respected would stoop to such lows.
For reference, in case none of you believe Roger did this:
@_date: 2013-08-01 21:38:19
SRS is a blight on Reddit, IMHO. It's an SA troll that violates the "don't touch the poop" principle.
@_date: 2013-03-01 19:41:13
Eh, I'd do only 5%. In fact, just the fact you're posting this kind of makes me want to sell. Also some of these other recommendations to buy into walls are kind of silly-sounding to me. Euphoria may be kind of high right now. My guess is a huge sell off is on the horizon at some point just to kind of kill the euphoria that's happened with all the new people in the last few weeks.
@_date: 2013-02-21 16:59:51
More like $0.12. And some folks were selling tens of thousands because it had just risen like crazy when artforz turned up the first GPU.
@_date: 2013-04-08 05:03:55
Not sure why you are being downvoted. I was there when it rose from $0.05 (or thereabouts) to $1.20 when someone put up some massive sell orders on MtGox. It then fell down to $.60ish, but did some insane adjustments till $30. I was thinking this time around we'd see the same thing, some sort of crazy sell wall of 100,000 BTC around $120, but it never showed up. Based on interest and mining potential, I think you're right, it's possible this will reach bubble territory soon, and then we'll see crazy $1k and higher prices. 
I just don't know when the first correction is going to happen, but it will and it honestly *needs to* in order to shake out the people that are in this for a quick buck. Those are shaky holders, and they'll sell when it drops 50% or more. Then we'll have a sort of 3 month lag before the thing goes gangbusters, IMHO. 
I just can't believe the prices right now, like another poster, I'm running up on close to a quarter-million in USD value, and while I sell a little here and there, I'm not sure what I'm supposed to be doing with this fiat I'm accumulating now other than wait for the price to drop again. I honestly don't need the money and have no idea what to do with it. All I've ever done is mine and trade Bitcoin and other commodities. I have been buying gold and silver because I think they are way undervalued, but aside from that, I haven't a clue.
BTW, I liked your books/series. I bought one of your e-books early on when you were getting started. Thanks!
@_date: 2013-06-05 21:50:44
He also believe in the Divine right of Kings. But obvious dissonance in his philosophy doesn't change the fact that Eligius and eloipool have been very important for decentralization and privacy.
@_date: 2013-10-10 21:06:33
Ahh ok. I had a Capital One card for 6 years at a very low interest rate, but that was in the 90s. I left once I got a hold of my finances and I've been avoiding credit cards ever since.
@_date: 2013-05-26 07:12:26
That's about how much I paid for each of my orders. Batch  sales were when Bitcoin was worth under $30 dollars.
@_date: 2013-12-12 19:15:47
Please emigrate or better yet, appeal to Congress. Tell them FinCen has destroyed your business and you now have to move it outside the US, make sure you get a chance to tell them that regulators lied to them.
@_date: 2013-05-16 20:39:09
Yeah, I was going to say, this looks a lot like thallium's service. I used it to follow a bunch of wallets I thought were pirateat40's 6 months ago.
@_date: 2013-11-11 07:05:26
Using Armory gives you more and more control over your own coin. It's absolutely the most secure method to secure it. If more people did this, we'd see less "I lost X hundred Bitcoin" posts. If you have any significant amount of coin, you should be using Armory.
+.15 BTC verify
@_date: 2013-05-06 04:16:58
Yeah, probably. For one, I'd be interested in knowing if there is anything you would have done differently.
I think you might have done better by asking for donations first and stating where you live, then living off of Bitcoin for a week. The main reason being that many avid Bitcoiners would be willing to provide services in your area for a few mBTC.
Keep in mind, Bitcoin is still very much in its infancy (though growing quickly) and operates more like a barter system than a full-fledged currency right now. Adoption is still a work-in-progress.
@_date: 2013-04-05 16:36:02
Bah on you newbies. I emailed Gabe 6 months ago about this, he never replied, and he always replied to my other three emails. I think he's unable to talk about it.
@_date: 2013-03-05 19:46:17
I did cash out like %5 of my holdings earlier, but in hindsight I should have sold it to people that want to buy on LocalBitcoins.com or something.
@_date: 2013-06-16 19:37:43
Well, I'll be honest, they keep talking about retaining high-tech talent in the US, but the regulations surrounding Bitcoin are going to have a DIRECT impact on whether or not those of us in it don't just go to New Zealand, Thailand, Iceland, etc. There's no reason for us to deal with a ridiculous amount of US regulatory bureaucracy if we don't have to. 
I don't mind a little oversight, but they haven't clarified anything, so as a miner I have no idea what it is I'm exactly supposed to be doing. All I'm getting told is that someday I might be responsible for having done something, and they are going to tell me *in hindsight* that I was in the wrong. Tell us what you want and let's be done with it, already.
@_date: 2013-09-23 21:18:07
Well, yeah, from the Armory thread it sounds like they are working on a built-in modern level db replacement, and their first order of business will be removing a bitcoind requirement. I think that was one of the major stipulations of the VC funding.
EDIT: Relevant link:
@_date: 2013-03-05 18:39:54
He lost an old wallet and refound it.
@_date: 2013-12-12 16:52:53
Would this apply? Does Canada honor FinCen bullying its own citizens now? What would it matter if he became a citizen there and renounced his US citizenship?
@_date: 2013-09-23 21:19:58
The latest client being worked on has not removed the need for bitcoind just yet, but it does run around 350 meg in RAM I believe.
EDIT: Relevant link (says only 260 meg RAM)
@_date: 2013-12-26 17:59:33
Well, I'd be remiss to say he absolutely still thinks of it as a pump and dump or Ponzi. I think that as he's seen the price increase though, he's less worried about the *why it increased* and more worried about *how do I cash out on this*. I think he believed that he was too late and there was no way I'd just give him what he saw as the equivalent of $1k, but I did because like I said, I'd rather be trustworthy than rich. All I had to do to be rich is buy and hold, but I'd rather my friends see me as someone they can trust, instead.
@_date: 2013-10-22 20:39:56
This. What people don't understand is that Baidu didn't just say, "oh, and yeah, we'll take this risky currency, too" There was probably leagues of red tape and other BS that they waded through with the Chinese government and their own banks first. I'm sure more than one lawyer was present as well. This is institutional backing, folks. It's **the big one**, the first clear indicator this is the future of the currency, even if it's not happening in the US...
@_date: 2013-03-04 20:50:41
Like the Pirate Party jerk did, IMHO. I think he was the one that bought 200k of Bitcoin in March 2011 and then sold after the MtGox hack because he realized his coins might actually be at risk. (He was the large owner of coin, bought them privately in the March 2011 deal)
@_date: 2013-01-09 17:24:24
13622.05 BTC (worth ~$2520 at the time) was awarded. Market value for that BTC today would be ~$188,000 USD. My guess is that the video was created because the people that worked on it were smart enough to realize if the video was made, it would increase the average value of a Bitcoin.
In fact, I'm pretty sure that *without* that video, the "Good Wife" episode would have never happened.
@_date: 2013-06-24 20:36:56
I have this problem, too. Whenever I see people use the *"government"* boogeyman, I have to have them clarify which one. Last I knew, there wasn't an actual one world government. Bitcoin can thrive even if one gov't doesn't comply. In fact, if one gov't doesn't comply, it might actually increase the likelihood Bitcoin thrives.
@_date: 2013-07-26 14:46:28
If Bitcoin isn't political, why are you upset there are political links?
@_date: 2013-05-26 07:17:52
Not at all. Are you even a miner? 
As a miner since 2010, I can definitely tell you that when those of us started up video card mining farms to push out the older miners, the price went through the roof. Same too when the first batch of ASICs started coming out. Now that Avalon is on their second batch, we will most definitely see exponential price increases again as new miners come in to hoard. I'll be selling at exactly the same rate as before, but only as a percentage of my mining profits, the less coin I mine, the less I'll be selling.
Demand remains the same, but supply gets thinner.
@_date: 2013-04-25 16:47:05
Except it might not be a proxy. The IP in question has run the bitcoin client before, meaning it's probably a VPS owner who was being stupid.
EDIT: Looks like TOR exit node, that could explain the Bitcoin activity, nm.
@_date: 2013-05-06 05:01:15
I seriously hope those aren't first issue, they'll be a major target for theft if Bitcoin sees increased adoption due to their rarity.
@_date: 2013-12-13 21:26:30


Minarchists are libertarians as well. We just believe in a radically smaller government than we have today. Government should have a monopoly on force (Police &amp; Courts) and nothing else. Taxes outside those it needs to survive are theft.
@_date: 2013-10-29 01:44:58
These guys don't care about it till major players are asking them about it. I doubt even Eric Schmidt has bothered to sit down and take the time to understand what Bitcoin is or why its important. Without education, the naysayers are the ones that get to educate those in powerful positions in the West, and they are often the least informed and able to do so. 
The concept of a decentralized world currency is extremely foreign to them. Historically, having a monopoly on force has always entitled them to fix anything in hindsight. But unlike the information flows in an Orwellian novel, Bitcoin is instead a force majeure their entire system of control never accounted for.
EDIT: Downvote all you want, the evidence is on my side he still hasn't fully learned what Bitcoin is or can do:
@_date: 2013-09-23 13:37:45
Building off Armory may sound promising as the Bitcoin devs are talking about focusing on building Bitcoin node operations more and more and Armory just got a bunch of venture capital. Armory was always a superior client to the others. No offense against MultiBit and Electrum, but they are Sybil-vulnerable, basically.
@_date: 2013-08-06 15:05:45
I've used Bitcoins to register domain names, buy VPS, buy VPN, Bitcoin miners, trinkets on the forums made by crafters, etc. It's really hard to say Bitcoin is *just* about illegal goods or "investments" if you look at my spending history.
I wouldn't "invest" anything more than 5% of your net worth in Bitcoin. If your net worth is negative, I would only "invest" what you can afford to lose.
While I hold a significant amount of coin, I don't do so as some end-all-be-all of investment.
@_date: 2013-07-08 15:10:03
Yes, with mathematics we've created the ultimate hard currency. This is why almost all of us got into Bitcoin to begin with. Unlike Gold, which still might be mined to varying capacities over the next hundred years, we know exactly how many Bitcoin will be mined over the next hundred years.
Edit: [For reference, an asteroid with gold and platinum](
@_date: 2013-10-03 14:33:51
+.1 BTC verify
@_date: 2013-01-11 04:40:11
I was also upset with this. I was also upset with the downvote brigade after people tried to point it out. IMHO, I still think he should apologize publicly.
@_date: 2013-12-10 19:48:54


Well, in everyone who is upset's defense, this has been going on since 2011, actually. We've asked Wikipedia kindly and they instead told us they prefer fiat money. I am completely justified in not donating when they are still willing to accept the money of [governments they consider "enemies of the Internet"](
@_date: 2013-06-06 15:13:41
Yeah, the perception would be that the chain perceived to be the "fork" would initially have some value, causing people to temporarily mine it, while the majority mining power behind the other chain will perceptually advertise its security, and it will ultimately be the one everyone coalesces behind once again.
I don't see ASIC as a threat to Bitcoin. I see ASIC as a reason for why some people would prefer Litecoin, however. And that's a good thing, honestly, because Litecoin's popularity is *preventing* a fork of Bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-03-22 19:48:38
That account could be mine as well. I sold some electronic goods I wasn't using a long time ago and some Asheron's Call accounts, and that's basically my Ebay history. Of course, if it was, it was probably hacked because I haven't changed my password in the last 6 years. I am pretty sure these are scams. If I was selling a preorder on Ebay and I was being legit, I'd also post a link to a forum post that would confirm who I was and why I could be trusted.
@_date: 2013-11-05 15:17:35
I want to know why Coinlab thought it was important to have our Yubikey codes, honestly. Especially when they said all the logins and security would still be handled by Gox, we'd just be using CoinLab to handle AML.
@_date: 2013-12-27 16:21:47
I've been involved with Bitcoin since 2010. I don't feel comfortable enough with my holdings to retire from my regular job outright, but I probably will eventually.
Things that would speed that retirement along:
1. Being able to buy my groceries with Bitcoin.
2. Even more regular dining establishments accepting Bitcoin.
3. Paying bills in Bitcoin.
4. Gas stations accepting Bitcoin.
5. Affordable and rigorously-tested hardware wallets.
6. If everything else fails, reloadable debit cards via Bitcoin so I can pay for 1-4 with that.
There's still so much more to do, the next big innovation is just waiting for someone to come along and invent it in this industry.
@_date: 2013-11-12 21:10:53
It completely boggles my mind why some people think reason and logic are above the grasp of the average human.
We already refuted his main point, that there was no intrinsic value in Bitcoin. Of course there is intrinsic value in a system that maintains a store of value, is fungible, easily transferable, divisible, etc.
+.01 BTC
@_date: 2013-04-10 21:10:33
Except we won't, because it will be or something that people don't generally think of when they think of Bitcoin. For example, I don't know what the best version of is, but I know sucks bigtime. I'd just like a good quality video games subreddit.
What I was told is that if self-posts or imgur links are annonying, constantly report them. It forces the admins/mods to make a decision.
@_date: 2013-05-03 20:05:58
I'm not sure it's that, people still have reason to be upset with Gox, for sure. It's that Vessenes comes out of nowhere as a startup with capital, takes over control of the lead developer, starts a "foundation", then uses that as leverage to pull the NA customer base from the biggest exchange.
I don't think people are defending Gox, mostly because no one knows who the CoinLab CEO is. He might have a legitimate gripe or he might not, but since he's part of the Bitcoin Foundation, it just looks really bad.
@_date: 2013-09-27 17:18:34
I think the thing that bothered me the most is how quickly the thread was locked and archived. If Roger feels the way he did, he shouldn't try to hide it. When some of us helped identify the coin in the Ozcoin theft travelling around then subsequently going into StrongCoin, it was a different matter, as it was blatant theft of coin.
Roger's situation was different. He should have presented the evidence he had to the person, then told them he was going to make a post on the BTCTalk forums publicly detailing the evidence if the person did not reveal them. He should have also talked this over with piuk and other stakeholders. At the time, the amount of coins lost was insignificant to someone like Ver, and likely not worth tarnishing their reputation over.
@_date: 2013-10-22 21:07:52
+.01 BTC verify
Let me know if this gets resolved. Very interested in the outcome of this...
@_date: 2013-07-24 06:14:22
Fraud isn't regulation and is one of the justifiable enforcements in a minarchist state (ie, one without "regulations"). Basically, the idea is, you make your case that the party is guilty of deliberately deceiving investors. Given how horribly he was managing the money, it would not be very difficult to convince a jury of this. This would be for criminal proceedings.
Individually or as a whole, investors could then file civil suit for the return of whatever assets are remaining.
It's actually pretty fucking simple to be quite honest. It's how the US operated for ~120 years.
Those of us decrying regulations likely did NOT get burnt by pirateat40, just FYI. Though I will state the vast majority of those welcoming regulations weren't hit by him either.
@_date: 2013-12-26 21:00:27
Yes. The remittance sending folks you work with may even eventually decide to deal with Bitcoin directly and cut you out of the picture entirely just to save 1-2% and I consider that fine and well, every new adopter increases the value of the network and the coin as a whole.
@_date: 2013-08-02 05:57:37
Something Awful.
One of the things lowtax or someone said once was, "You can watch the poop, but don't touch it" with regards to things like a link to a Sting fan club still living out their lives in the 80s, or extreme furry fans forums, etc. In other words, it's more funny if you observe it from the outside than embellishing in the absurdity.
SRS was invaded by SA goons, all poking fun and each trying to be more extreme than the other. Unfortunately, a lot of people take it REALLY seriously, and it's hard to see why they have stuck around for this long unless they are actually messed up enough to believe some of the obnoxious junk they are spewing.
@_date: 2013-06-02 22:26:28
Well, the CIA have known about Bitcoin since early 2011, so if they were going to have 51% attacked it, it'd have already been done...
@_date: 2013-10-31 20:06:10
This is a really good point. I find it VERY hard to believe. 
I don't care how respected this guy is, he needs to get another trusted researcher in on analysis before I believe this. Finding an exploit that operates equally well on both Macbooks and regular PC hardware would be an amazing discovery in and of itself. Universally working on low-level thumbdrives would similarly be a huge feat. Lastly, the high frequency communication is an impressive third task.
If all three of these things were found in one single piece of malware it'd  blow Stuxnet out of the water in terms of brilliance. I'd be amazed if such a thing actually existed. Right now we have to rely on the honesty of one person. Again, regardless of their honesty, I'd have to see this in person or hear more about how UEFI is compromised and how such a thing could possibly infect so many of his devices with their myriad of BIOSes and configurations.
EDIT: **Okay, Igor Skochinsky has analyzed the BIOS dump and found nothing of note:**
*Sorry folks, it could be that badBIOS is a hoax...* I'm not willing to say it "for sure" is, or not, though.
@_date: 2013-03-08 21:20:09
You make a good point for 2011, except with Coinbase it's really easy to sell and transfer straight to one's bank right now.
@_date: 2013-10-03 15:14:20
Biggest problem with these "dilemmas" is that they assume you are specifically-omniscient with regards to the fat man being exactly enough to stop the trolley and not cause it to derail in such a manner that it risks killing even MORE people, but somehow completely and utterly unable to tell even the genders, ages, or hair color of the five people about to get hit otherwise. Such dilemmas are unfair, even in the philosophical.
For those of you that still insist this dilemma needs an answer, consider this:
"You're in a simple empty room with a monitor on a desk and a single button. You are told that what you are about to see on screen is a man performing an seemingly innocent action that will absolutely kill thousands of people because he is being led to believe it is the right course of action. You can stop him, you just have to press the button, but it will absolutely kill him. The monitor then flickers on, and you see a man in a simple empty room with a monitor and a button. It appears he's being dictated to by a narrator in a tongue you don't understand. But it appears he's about to press the button. What do you do?"
In that scenario, I don't know how anyone could possibly justify pressing the button, because in doing so, you are making the philosophical case that you yourself shouldn't press the button. Every consequentialist I've ever presented this to still presses the damn button, though.
@_date: 2013-07-10 22:47:41
+฿1 verify
@_date: 2013-10-21 14:51:32
There's a sort of interest among some of these high-profile investors that goes along the lines of this:
1. Eh, it's shady and can be gamed
2. Eh, maybe it can't be gamed, but it's still pretty shady
3. Oh, well, maybe it's not so shady
4. (Actually starts doing research)
5. I need to get in this before my peers, so I'll be quiet about it
At one point, there was a discussion on the forums about million/billion dollar investors discovering Bitcoin and remaining quiet about it as a sort of reverse prisoner's dilemma. As long as no single one of them uses Bitcoin, they don't have to worry about its value increasing.
As the Winklevoss twins hopped into it, the price eventually fell. You can bet your .02 coin that the next Winklevoss twins are already in this and accumulating, they probably aren't Western investors, though.
@_date: 2013-05-03 17:04:30
Actually this lawsuit is a bit more than just ho-hum, at least for me.
Coinlab is arguing that as part of the MtGox deal they would be getting our Yubikey algorithms, that is a big deal for me (and possibly other old users), and the one and only thing that concerned me about the whole charade to begin with. The Yubikey also controls the flow of our coin, not just our cash.
"the digital security side will be run by Gox same as now" -- Vessenes in an email clarification to me on 2/27/2013.
(Page of the lawsuit)










I do NOT want Coinlab getting a copy of my Yubikey algorithm **ever**. I do not trust their security or their concern for my 4th amendment rights. They will NOT fight to keep my information and coin ownership private from the US government. It especially bugs me if they *want* my Yubikey algorithm. I'll close both my three and my four-digit Gox accounts if this deal goes through as they've indicated here.
EDIT: Gox may have said they'd hand this over for new users, but they are bound to user agreements on existing users AFAIK.
@_date: 2013-10-06 21:13:59
Yes I did, sorry. The AML seizure mentioned "an anonymous person in Maryland" that confirmed that money laundering in violation of the AML had taken place. I'm wondering if the SR event and this Dwolla/Gox/cash seizure had something in common.
@_date: 2013-10-04 22:08:41
Another thing that's been bugging me...
Didn't the AML-related "seizure" of MtGox's cash take place due to "an anonymous tipper in Maryland"? If the anonymous tipper is actually a law enforcement agent, isn't that entrapment?
@_date: 2013-10-31 19:35:21
Okay, I thought this was what it was, but again, never really found any documentation aside from some of the API stuff on the github. It's weird to see a "project" that isn't even discussed on the forums...
+.01 BTC verify
@_date: 2013-02-01 21:58:32
Well, to a certain extent, that random number is rare, too. We could have started from any, but instead we started from that one, and someone wanted it. Same goes with gold, it didn't have value till someone wanted it. Once enough people were all deciding they wanted gold, a few started wanting something else that was also rare, silver.
Bitcoin does have applicability and value outside of a store of value, it can be used for [agents]( [colored coins]( [smart property]( etc. It's just a monetary vehicle that can't be tampered with without significant effort and it resides digitally. Ever since the creation of the Internet, we've been wondering when a system like the science fiction genre's "credits" would come around, it just so happens to be Bitcoin that brought it to life.
@_date: 2013-10-26 05:48:51
That's assuming the Chinese don't already have a stack. Why do you think they would possibly allow, 3 months ago, the Chinese public media to report on Bitcoin?
Granted, this is theoretical, for sure, but there is no way they'd ignore the fact that the CIA was interested publicly in Bitcoin in early 2011. After Gavin gave his speech the cat was out of the bag, every country's intelligence agencies had an adopt or die protocol.
The only conspiracy theory here is if the CIA is actually going to let the FBI agents control the sum of that wallet. My guess is they are already quite involved in determining its future.
@_date: 2013-12-31 16:06:05
I'm a minarchist/anti-federalist libertarian. I believe in courts and army at the federal level and nothing much more. I think a legislature is needed to determine when we should go to war and to handle foreign sovereignty issues, but that's about it. An executive branch to manage things also isn't wholly unappealing, but we shouldn't elect based on leadership but based on nerdiness, honestly. I want the most miserly penny-pinching micro-manager that hates his job in that position.
I'm open to ideas on other things that each individual state in the US (and possibly each province/state in other countries) should do, but I'd rather see vastly different laws in different states than the same laws enacted nation-wide or world-wide. I think we'd try a lot of interesting things, and even some controversial ones. Like Jefferson, I find it a travesty we don't have revolutions (violent or non-violent) every twenty years.
@_date: 2013-01-05 06:42:50
Stossel started off actually doing consumer reports type stuff, he was absolutely livid at things like a "solar powered clothes dryer" that was actually a piece of clothesline with pins, but then he started looking into what it was that was actually happening, and by sheer numbers, the government regulations were doing far more harm than the shysters. And they were only ever reactive, never proactive, and some of the removal of dangers actually increased the risk to our health (specifically asbestos), so they were failures anyway.
His turning point was when he did a show called "Are We Scaring Ourselves to Death?" or something along those lines. He's got a couple of books, but the first one is where he goes into the details of what led to this show and how his major issue was that people were flipping out about how "dangerous" Bic lighters were. But the statistics showed they were actually very very safe compared to other seemingly-innocuous things like 5 gallon buckets.
The show itself didn't so much change his mind as everyone's reaction to it, not just his audience and viewers, but also regulators and his own producers. He was actually told to not report what he found out about Bics and they took issue with his "rankings" of risk, but I think he did anyway. The media actually wanted people to be scared, because it drove viewership.
It's still a good series today, especially if you consider recent assaults on the second amendment and free trade:
I would argue we are still scaring ourselves to death. Violent gun crime has been decreasing, even since the 80s when this show was done.
I also love the way he ends it, would we approve of a new fuel source that is better than diesel or gasoline but highly explosive and we'll pump it into people's homes? We already do, it's natural gas. How about two ton devices that will be speeding at 40 mph just feet away from pedestrians? We accept that risk, they are called automobiles.
It could be that our concerns are all about perception, the question we should be asking ourselves isn't if we should have zero risk, it's if we are seriously willing to forego the benefits of new technology that could help extend our lives, simply because they pose **any** risk. And I'm not convinced we should.
@_date: 2013-12-25 03:34:54
Awesome, thanks for the update.
+.01 BTC verify
@_date: 2013-11-12 15:28:15
I don't code anymore. When I do it's either Perl or PHP (which I agree is a horrible language, it's just what I know).
@_date: 2013-02-07 19:32:17
Actually, I'm sorry, I found the original math they used and it turns out it might be a slightly higher chance, they figured it out based on how many times one does a 
["Finding a collision is about as likely as being struck by lightning while taking a crap every year for 17 years in a row"](
Also, this image gives some insight into how much power/energy will be required for the task given current constraints:
@_date: 2013-08-26 02:27:50
Did they or Ver ever explain why this is so scripted?
@_date: 2013-05-17 14:39:26
Yeah, a lot of his wallets ended up actually feeding into or out of Silk Road. Not sure if he was just a drug addict or he was using it to "wash" the money.
@_date: 2013-02-14 20:53:39


Well, for one, we could probably educate you on the "risks of using Bitcoin" that you seem to allude to. 
First, I think you're going to find that your chargebacks for Bitcoin purchases are going to be zero or very near zero. 
Second, I also think you're going to find the transaction fee of 1% (or lower if Coinbase gave you a volume deal) considerably more beneficial than the whatever the hell Paypal is charging now.
Third, I believe you'll be happy to find that there is no legal precedent for transactions done in Bitcoin (no, seriously, check with your lawyers and accountants like the other merchants have) outside of AML, so you're free to accept them tax-free, even for people making online purchases within the same state you operate in.
Put simply, Bitcoin really is the wild west of currency right now, if there are any changes coming, we would encourage the governments of the world to clarify them, because right now, it seems none of them want to advertise it by making such strides. This benefits not only the early adopters with regards to mining, but also the early adopter merchants as well.
EDIT: Sorry, re-reading this it seems my tone sounded a bit pretentious. That wasn't the intent. There's still stuff I'm learning every day and I've been using Bitcoin regularly since late 2010.
@_date: 2013-03-06 13:59:46
Thanks for the pump &amp; dump you did in 2011, ass.
EDIT: You can agree with someone politically while still disagreeing with what they are doing very loudly publicly. This article reads like another pump &amp; dump and says nothing about the volatility of Bitcoin, which lost over 93% of it's value in the fall from $30 to $2.
@_date: 2013-02-08 21:13:48


People really need to stop saying this, because it causes others to say the same thing and they keep perpetuating the myth that 1Dky was owned by Gox when no evidence points to it.
Additionally, my own snooping has pointed me to believe it was owned by SR. In fact, SR banned an account I had created just to test this, after I published my results on the Bitcointalk forums.
@_date: 2013-06-24 19:33:00
Get set up with bitpay.com and sell a marketable product.
@_date: 2013-12-24 06:46:45
Yeah, my opinion would be to skip it for sure. But I'm not going to tell the OP how to spend his money, I just think the stocks right now (especially without bonding) are too dangerous.
@_date: 2013-08-22 15:25:50
I wondered the same thing, we've went over this before, it's Bitcoin. Never been anything else.
@_date: 2013-10-04 19:03:18
What the NSA is doing is criminal. In other words, if you or I did this stuff, it would mean jail time. Why do they get to get away with it? How do we even know they aren't blackmailing judges to get them to sign off on more and more atrocious invasions of our privacy?
@_date: 2013-07-08 15:41:30
I was looking at where the "base" of these lines start and I think krill has a point, it's likely this is some "default" moniker for Australia as a whole. Pine Gap is near Alice Springs whereas this is somewhere like Fregon, Umuwa, or Ernabella or just slightly north of there and somewhere south of King's Canyon Resort. 
It really is the middle of nowhere. :/
@_date: 2013-10-17 13:48:53
What do you program in, just out of curiosity? I would mostly agree, some folks seem to have unreasonable expectations of developers. I once contracted to spend 15 Bitcoin on a project that analyzed specific transactions in the blockchain and the guy kept putting it off. I didn't think it was a bad offer and he kept giving me updates on how far along he was, but kept running into "API problems". 
When I told him it was taking too long and I had a real life friend already code it for me -- but that I'd be willing to send him half the coin for the work he had already done if he just sent it -- he never responded with anything but a bitcoin address. Pretty sure he was just a scammer.
@_date: 2013-10-30 14:01:38
Okay, thanks for the update.
@_date: 2013-04-02 17:28:19
It's likely that Western Union complaints is precisely why AML law and FINCEN eyes are watching Bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-02-14 22:10:58
I suppose someone could buy Reddit gold under false pretenses for someone else. Maybe a Reddit Gold for random acts of pizza trade? I still don't know how that could backfire though. 
I guess I could see possibly someone trying to do a Bitcoin scam and using the fact they have Reddit Gold as justification for why they should be trusted. I don't think it'd make me any more trustworthy of them, though.
@_date: 2013-06-14 14:17:13
You are correct. Over a long enough span of time, ASIC Miner will not be able to continue to provide such dividends. Many people are valuing them on being able to provide such revenues for several months, however ASIC chip sales (particularly Avalon's) seem to indicate that ASICMiner will be making a revenue that is one-tenth of what it is now as soon as August.
@_date: 2013-03-11 16:19:43


This needs a huge "*if you convert it back to fiat*" disclaimer.
@_date: 2013-11-05 15:14:13
Honestly, after seeing things like how [Ver attacked one of his own customers]( I'm inclined to believe Amir. It sounds like he made a mistake, yes, but it wasn't a technical one, and the NDA *really* screwed him over.
I think the saddest part of all of this is that Amir has come forward with his story while **every single individual mentioned in it** ignores what has happened and continues to operate as if Amir is scum and the forum and Bitcoin users as a whole should just take their word for it.
I wish Erik, of all of them, would explain what his deal is.
@_date: 2013-03-05 01:52:18
Good point. I suppose that could work.
@_date: 2013-09-27 17:35:24
What source code? Did they finally release their proof-of-work system?
@_date: 2013-09-08 07:41:00
Same here, I've also done business-related work with them. Though most of it has been through a colleague who's decisions I support. We've went back and forth between NewEgg and Amazon lately. I'd use NewEgg exclusively over Amazon Prime if they accepted BTC. I still use them for *some* things, just not as much as I used to since getting Prime.
@_date: 2013-10-22 14:10:36
Yeah, this has been well documented already. Lookup the concept of [Bitcoin agents]( and [Smart Property]( 
[Mike Hearn]( Nick Szabo, and others have already spoke about some of these concepts.
Also relevant is a broader category: [Contracts](
It'll be exciting times, for sure.
@_date: 2013-11-19 20:36:12
Senator, it is important to ask FinCEN if AML and KYC laws were even necessary to bring down Silk Road, and what point there was to taking it down if there were no less than three replacements a week later. It looks like regulations didn't really bring down Silk Road. Instead, good old-fashioned gumshoe detective work did.
Wouldn't it be better to take the same "hands off" approach to Bitcoin like Canada and China rather than seeing a brain drain of all of us leaving to go work in other countries? Keep in mind that FinCEN's job is to prosecute, your job is ensure the future of the country isn't bleak for those under 30, who are presently looking at paying for the expenses of older and larger generations.
As an old Bitcoin miner and large holder, I foresee a future where FinCEN, AML, and KYC regulations force me to leave, not to mention whatever the IRS ends up doing. I actually don't mind paying my taxes, but if I can see significantly lower taxes by operating out of Singapore or Thailand, why should I remain in the US? Additionally, while I may not be young myself, who do you think I am going to hire and where I'm going to ask them to move once I am situated?
Don't just take this as a "we can keep the same route and not stifle innovation" solution. You can't. China has a freer market in money than the US right now and it is no secret amongst Bitcoiners. It will only be a matter of time before the rest of the public realizes this as well. You have a chance to fix this problem before it gets out of hand, but you need to do it immediately. The future of our country depends on it.
@_date: 2013-10-12 14:43:22
Yeah, sorry, I meant to say $10-25 million the first two years or $2.5 million/month for most of 2011/2012 when it was being used as an intermediary. I'm one of the first thousand Dwolla users.
I also actually know Milne and spoke with him about Bitcoin adoption as early as February 2011 at a Dwolla Meetup in DSM. He didn't want to implement it directly, but the brokers that used to manage Cash-&gt;Intermediary-&gt;Gox transactions all moved exclusively to Dwolla (ask Keefe or any other early IRC/OTC broker if you don't believe me) before Gox and Tradehill started accepting it regularly.
I even personally happen to know from Dwolla/Veridian staff even more official data, but to say that Dwolla will stand on its own at this point is silly when Paypal does nearly everything they do. If I'm getting this vibe from their original partners, I'm not entirely sure why my opinion somehow falls into this silly notion you have of "no idea what you are talking about".
@_date: 2013-12-10 18:19:15
Yeah, when guys like him talk about NFC, they aren't talking about the underlying technology behind the acronym, they are talking about how they can monetize it themselves. NFC doesn't give them anything to monetize. Bitcoin, however, does.
@_date: 2013-11-11 22:15:01
The only major problem I have with sites that try to do the averages is that they aren't accounting for the Chinese/Eastern exchanges which have more of a crossover with Gox than any of the Western ones. Still, I suppose this is better than nothing.
+.01 BTC verify
@_date: 2013-02-07 19:11:27
MPEX is a disaster waiting to happen. Governments can take it out. It hasn't been "proven to work" yet because it hasn't been challenged like GLBSE was. 
Colored coins work just fine, but the interface to use them is such that you have to know exactly what you are doing, or you risk spending coins that you intended to be used as stocks. The problem is that the people colored coin is intended for have to educate themselves in order to use it appropriately, which isn't that much different from the differences in Bitcoin and say, Gold. Once enough people understand the risks of colored coin, it'll be a fine replacement. In other words, my "working correctly" comment should have probably been rephrased to "once people learn how to use it correctly or someone makes a working custom interface for it. The ones I've seen thus far, quite simply, suck.
@_date: 2013-03-06 13:56:34
yeah, probably
@_date: 2013-10-30 19:06:44
No, you're right. The problem is, the bubble can go for a long while before it inevitably crashes and the loose hands drop it.
A lot of folks have been indicating "buy every week over time". But they are all forgetting something, when do you sell, then? Just hold it forever? Some of us have bought over time and are now seeing posts like "my mom was telling me about it" and despair. This certainly can't end well for people getting in on it just because they think it's something that will only ever go up in value forever.
@_date: 2013-08-21 17:09:09
Does this work on multiplayer servers?
@_date: 2013-06-07 15:22:25
Yes, you are correct. I do realize Litecoin can be done via ASIC. I'm just saying for the "here and now".
@_date: 2013-05-03 17:12:57
Well, I think the reason why this lawsuit is happening is probably precisely over this issue. Coinlab actually wants our Yubikeys and private info and now they just publicly told the world about this. 
My guess is MtGox wanted their own customers to know about this, because this is HUGE. MtGox is being bullied into giving away private info on their own customers by the US gov't, so instead Coinlab steps in to "help". MtGox realized Coinlab wants everything the FINCEN folks were wanting but couldn't legally ask for since US has no hard jurisdiction in Japan, and then finally they figure, well, we will just ignore Coinlab till they file a lawsuit asking specifically for the thing our customers would flip out about a US-based corporation having.
Kudos to Karples, he just won the beauty contest. I don't know why Vessenes has *any* business representing Bitcoin users at this point. The dude has zero credibility in the community aside from that which he's bought or attempted to buy. Worse, it looks as if he's sold his Bitcoins the last two days as part of this whole ordeal.
@_date: 2013-04-19 17:31:17
The bulk of your coin was stored on an address that was not encrypted.
Please note: when you encrypt your wallet, all previous addresses (including the first one generated, I believe) are still unencrypted addresses. It is likely your coin resided in that first unencrypted address. 
EDIT: This is assuming you did what a lot of people I know have done and made a copy/backup of the wallet somewhere readable prior to encryption.
@_date: 2013-05-25 09:14:29
It does in terms of who owns the future supply. A number of these individuals who purchased in Batch  paid upwards of 60 Bitcoin per device.
@_date: 2013-11-06 18:24:20
To me, a correction is the fall in prices in most market indexes in 1987.
A crash would be the fallout from the banking sector in 2008.
Both are a bit US-specific. A crash is usually followed and preceded by notable volatility, while a correction is followed by stability and appears from stability.
I'm not certain the price gains recently qualify as *stability*, however.
@_date: 2013-10-18 20:36:19
Do you have any advice for an American business owner who wants to set up a business bank account in Canada to facilitate easier trades? I'm considering doing this since I'm near the border and even considering changing citizenship.
@_date: 2013-04-08 06:34:21
Honestly, I wouldn't keep it in fiat very long. [View this conversation]( and consider commercial real estate.
There's definitely a problem with fiat right now, and selling out of Bitcoin doesn't change that...
@_date: 2013-07-05 14:07:24
This is actually a likely scenario. Most legitimate ETFs actually sell at a premium to the underlying asset they represent. Two notable exceptions that scare me are GLD and SLV. The fact they don't trade at a premium tells me something is wrong with them.
@_date: 2013-10-02 21:32:14
It sounds like he wasn't ordering a hit. Instead, he was "negotiating" with the person who stole the user data down to an acceptable number, and he knew all along it was the same person. It was a coy way to negotiate by saying he'd paid $80k before. He's likely never done anything of the sort, just negotiating with the guy he knows is blackmailing him.
Not like I'm an expert on this stuff, but I've read most of the time when people get busted on for-pay hits where a law enforcement officer poses as a hitman, it's for amounts closer to $10-20k. Additionally, deals that "fall through" or where someone gets caught tend to be in that range as well. $80k is ridiculously high, $150k sounds like someone giving a blackmailer what they want without getting outrageously bilked for $300k+.
@_date: 2013-03-12 14:27:18
Yeah, that one was much worse. Ironically, too, that happened before the price went from like a dime to over a dollar and, within a year, over $30.
@_date: 2013-11-12 14:48:04
No, I am not Pete Yorn. 
I am Yorn2, because the Reddit administration deleted "Yorn" and to this day, refuse to tell me why (I have a feeling it could be any of the "Enough Paul Spam" paid shills that I outed, that finally convinced the admins that my "harassment" of them was worthy of account deletion). I had Reddit gold on that account and it was five years old (at the time of deletion). I created Yorn2 to complain that my five year old account with Reddit gold was deleted by the Reddit admins. No warning, no anything, bam, just deleted. I sent messages and used contact forms, but you'd be surprised how hard it is to actually report problems to the administration on this site, there are no easy contact us forms and the ones that do exist apparently just go ignored.
So yeah, I'm just a pissed off old Reddit user with Bitcoin to spend. Someone bought me gold on this account for some reason, but Reddit themselves will never get a dime of my money again.
@_date: 2013-12-20 21:17:50
He's writing the animal book for Bitcoin for O'Reilley, I think.
@_date: 2013-06-14 14:23:37
Well, that's not entirely true. Freicoin, Namecoin, etc. all use it, but I would agree with laust, above, the dividends will *NOT* remain the same over time, not with hundreds of thousands of Avalon ASIC chips coming out as they are. The difficulty will rise and the dividends will eventually fall, and the value of ASICMiner stock along with it.
@_date: 2013-01-06 08:08:19
Honestly, as someone that has been involved in Bitcoin since 2009, but only heavily since 2010, buying it. Mining is a fool's errand.
@_date: 2013-02-21 23:01:45
If the difficulty increases as per recent ASIC hardware preorders and orders are true, the price is only moderately inflated right now. You shouldn't have waited, especially after the block reward halving, but I would not be surprised if this is just the start of the inflation, IMHO.
@_date: 2013-02-13 18:10:15
It's okay, it took several months for me to figure it out, actually. It's for their mixing service. All deposits funnel in slowly from one address to the next, then withdrawals come out in a similar fashion. Here's kind of a play-by-play:
1. Alice deposits into address A
2. Bob deposits into address B
3. Charlie deposits into address C
4. W is a "leftover address" (I'll get back to this in a second) just prior to Alice's deposit. It was generated by the deposit system, which is a specially-modified version of bitcoind.
5. A new address, X is generated, Alice's deposit A is sent, along with W, to X. (X therefore has two inputs, W &amp; A)
6. A new address, Y is generated, Bob's deposit B is sent, along with X, to Y.
7. A new address Z is generated, Charlie's deposit C is sent, along with Y, to Z.
8. The process continues till the deposit address contains approximately 25,000 BTC (may have changed to ~10,000 BTC if current observations are correct).
9. The final address is now L that contains the 25,000 BTC. This address gets transferred to the withdrawal system. Sometimes this can take days, months or weeks, depending on withdrawal rate out of Silk Road.
10. Dan withdraws to address D.
11. Ethan withdraws to address E.
12. Fred withdraws to address F.
13. A new address, M is generated, Dan's withdrawal comes out of L, and the remaining funds are sent to M. (L therefore has two outputs, D &amp; M)
14. A new address, N is generated, Ethan's withdrawal comes out of M, and the remaining funds are sent to N.
15. A new address, O is generated, Fred's withdrawal comes out of N, and the remaining funds are sent to O.
16. This continues till the last address created is the new "leftover address" where it is transferred to the deposit system.
I can't tell how much of this system is automated, it does appear to have manual interference occasionally. It appears the chain of address are also sometimes reused, however the ones from my research were NOT reused, my guess is they considered that chain "tainted" because I publicly posted one of the addresses.
I've continued my research in private, I'm waiting to see if their methodology changes, but so far it has not. I'm pretty much 99% confident 1Dky was owned by Silk Road.
@_date: 2013-01-30 02:53:09
Yeah, I didn't get his comment either. Of course the climate is changing, it's changing all the time. If any of it is attributed to man is yet to be determined. I've yet to see a falsifiable claim made by climatologists. 
Falsification helps an unbiased observer determine the strength of a scientific principle. There is no actionable purpose in what a theory says MAY happen, but strong purpose in what a theory says can NOT happen.
Natural selection was converted into the more reasonable evolution via falsification, I have hopes that climate change advocates can eventually do the same for anthropogenic global warming.
@_date: 2013-05-06 07:08:16
You are correct, this is indeed huge. If my grocery store accepted Bitcoin, I'd run about $250/month through them, and I'd probably have to set up some automated payment system whereby my paycheck goes Work-&gt;Bank-&gt;Dwolla-&gt;Gox-&gt;Client-&gt;BitcoinSpinner for that amount.
I know it's a lot to automate, but I'd still totally do it. Volatility might hurt me, but I've already got ways to manage that.
Also, as others have stated, we need to get Whole Foods to use Bitcoin. There's a Whole Foods store all the way across town from me (20 miles) but I'd still go there to shop if they accepted Bitcoin. And I don't even like healthy food, I prefer the cheap processed stuff. Maybe this would force me to eat better?
@_date: 2013-08-12 15:14:30
Do you have a password that you have used elsewhere, then? 
Using a VM for only MtGox logins would almost completely negate any local threat level, because even with a keylogger they wouldn't necessarily know it was being used for a Gox login.
Was there any physical threats? A close friend, family member, wife, that might have know your password?
@_date: 2013-05-03 19:47:07
[It's not the IRS I'm worried about](
@_date: 2013-06-03 15:09:10
Apparently this is a mistranslation from the video. The [video says "they've"](
@_date: 2013-03-04 20:52:46
They've done all the legwork, they'll enjoy the benefits first but reap the rewards of Kim's public support for such an idea, it doesn't make sense to work with him at this point.
@_date: 2013-02-25 22:11:13
I'm not sure there are taxes on service fees like this, or if there are, they would be small. It'd be like taxing a bank.
@_date: 2013-10-31 13:31:24
Same with my gold/silver. It's impossible to escape volatility in this market, that's how you know it's ripe for a disrupting new technology like Bitcoin. Even holding the dollar is risky right now with the government operating the way it has been.
@_date: 2013-05-03 21:12:36
Worth noting: The dip in mid Feburary from $5.25 to $4.50 happened when ngzhang presumably sold Batch  Icarus preorder Bitcoins about one week before shipping.
For reference: Batch  Avalons (developed by ngzhang) are expected to start shipping next week.
And yes, I know that correlation doesn't equal causation, but I figure this stuff is still worth a mention anyway.
We've seen this kind of volatility before and we'll definitely see it in the future, but increased adoption is hopefully going to make these swings smaller and smaller in the future.
@_date: 2013-11-19 20:26:44
So "taxed as currency"? I'm still confused. The SEC says it's a security, the CFTC says it's a commodity, and both my and your CPA say it's a currency. Which is it?
@_date: 2013-10-02 21:34:39
+.1 BTC verify
EDIT: You are correct, Bitcoin transactions *are* still mostly illegal trade and mining Bitcoins and scammers attempting to steal from both types. I'm tipping because I'd rather see comments like yours than this frou-frou of "No, Bitcoin is so wonderful, the BTC Foundation says we are all good little unicorns and rainbows" non-sense right now. Silk Road going down has a tremendously negative impact on Bitcoin. It was one of the oldest and longest serving places to spend Bitcoin, to ignore that is folly. What are people supposed to be spending their coin on now, anyway? Alpaca socks?
Your conclusions on "whole system collapses" are a bit naive, though. The market will always find a way, and now that we have Bitcoin, the market for a new SR still exists. In other words, even if the supply-side just got diminished, the demand is still going to be there and Bitcoin is still a great vehicle for transferring money from point A to point B. As the FBI docs even mention, the tumbler service worked, so this kind of solidifies BTC as the transfer mechanism of choice for all future underground endeavours.
@_date: 2013-12-26 04:34:37
This needs to be top comment so people can see how fake the story likely is. 
I'm all for caution in Bitcoin evangelism, but this is outright ridiculously idiotic advice. I have a friend that thought Bitcoin was a Ponzi and I told him it wasn't and explained a few reasons why it didn't meet both the technical and financial definitions and gave him 1 BTC a litte over a year ago. In November, after passing $1000, he was having problems extracting it from Blockchain.info and texts me asking what he needs to do.
Turns out, after not accepting it for 3 or 4 months I got worried his Facebook could be hacked and it'd be at risk so I swept it back into my wallet. I explained this to him and asked him if he still wanted it or not? "Of course", he said, and asked how to withdraw it. I walked him through setting up a Coinbase account and sent him the coin all in one day. It was easy and he didn't complain about it or anything.
This is from a guy that thought and still probably thinks it's a pump and dump. Folks still appreciate a gift all the same. I agree that a paper wallet isn't as good, it might be better to just give them a physical coin like ones from serp or Casascius, and just tell them to hold onto it for a year and see if it turns out well. There's certainly no harm in that and they can talk to their friends they have a Bitcoin if it ever comes up in conversation. It's a piece of history even if a different cryptocurrency succeeds instead.
I've also given them away as tips to repeat servers at diners I frequent, though I **always** tip regularly as well. Most folks at these places know me and know I'm into Bitcoin and don't find it a problem at all. I always ask if they have started accepting it (in one location for over two years now, so they've seen the price rise along with me), but I don't preach about it, just say crypto-currencies are a revolutionary new technology and that *some* form of them will eventually shape our lives, even if it doesn't end up being Bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-03-04 23:05:48
No, I mean like what is the id number range? My first account's numerical id is in the 1200 range, my second account's number is in the 2300 range. I was wondering what range yours was in, to see how many customers they have nowadays.
@_date: 2013-02-05 18:05:33
It sounds like he's a legitimate investor to me. I mean, he might be looking at this a bit irrationally if he is a long term trader, but my guess is he was hoping to buy high and sell higher. Someone always gets screwed in this manner, and it's the sentiment traders, typically.
@_date: 2013-05-06 14:32:19
Good point.
@_date: 2013-08-23 05:30:10
Does anyone have a Canadian bank they could recommend? I'm just looking for decent interest rates and might possibly need to move to the locale, so it'd be great if it had a nice theater, Mexican cuisine, and decent Internet access (don't need much else).
@_date: 2013-03-06 19:55:34
Something Awful: A forum full of very vocal teenagers and college kids **without jobs** making fun of very vocal teenagers and college kids **without jobs** on other forums.
EDIT: LoL @ the SA goons whining about my comment, below. Hit a bit too close to heart so you had to post a link to this comment in the forums for moral support from all your bronies, eh? :P To add insult to injury, I went ahead and **bolded** the part you should pay attention to.
@_date: 2013-04-09 19:00:30
SR didn't exist till about a year later, but you're correct, this was an important event.
@_date: 2013-06-09 08:26:54
IMHO, This is frigging awesome. Only on can a wholly-Chinese comment be in the top 2 comments and no one question why.
@_date: 2013-12-17 15:52:52
My guess though is VERY few of the folks in here are willing to wait 18 months for a new ATH, which is why we see threads like this and will continue to for some time.
Folks seem to forget the period of waiting between June-July 2011 and January-February 2013. That was from when BTC hit $20-33 till when it hit $33 again. It was a very harsh time for some, but weak hands were shaken, mining optimization strategies were keen, and ultimately the protocol and network as a whole benefited. Additionally, a lot of bad business models were broken or revealed as scams (MyBitcoin), and a good deal of bad elements (pirate were removed from the picture.
As Lixen is stating, we *need* this to happen again. We need a drop of 85% or more ($33 to $2 was a drop of 94%) in price in order to get rid of everyone but the die hards that are in this to actually make this the Internet of payments and not just speculating on the latest fad and thinking they are going to make a quick doubling of their money.
+.01 BTC verify
@_date: 2013-11-19 20:48:27
I wish this was the top comment and not the others. They do not realize the severity of the consequences of current and future generations fleeing to overseas locations and leaving their parents and older generations to be forced to leech off the US Treasury. Call it Keynesian end game or not, it's not very good and the threat is very real.
@_date: 2013-10-29 21:14:22
Depending on how well she's saved for herself, $1k might not be much, anyway.
@_date: 2013-08-26 18:24:15
You know, folks on the forums aren't just random people, you can refer to them by their forum name...
@_date: 2013-02-14 22:11:26
They don't tell you why. I asked several times and I was told they never explain why. I suspect it was because I offended someone.
@_date: 2013-03-06 14:54:44
Bitcoin hoarder here. In the current environment, I'm perfectly ok with him using the term "hoarder". The market is irrational right now.
@_date: 2013-10-03 17:03:48
I don't know how anyone can say it is safe, they haven't properly established the connection to how they found where the server was via gumshoe work. It'd be safest to assume they used some sort of analysis of traffic data to do so.
@_date: 2013-05-14 20:55:06
I followed Dwolla before it was used at Gox. It's more like 95% of their business.
@_date: 2013-06-06 15:07:18
If a hard fork happens, it will be because the Bitcoin foundation is steering the developers in a direction running CONTRARY to the users and miners of Bitcoin.
It won't be "because of ASIC" because if people already don't like ASIC, they can mine Litecoin to their little heart's content. Such is the beauty of alt-coins.
@_date: 2013-12-27 21:44:38
Yeah, sorry, I guess I was being too snarky in my response. At the time though, every one was complaining about using them like they were an online wallet service. I guess I consider them more of an exchange.
@_date: 2013-02-04 03:04:01
It normally correlates to a huge selloff. The spike was actually in April-May and only peaked in June. There's no doubt in my mind this is old miners moving coin, I myself am responsible for ~5% of this.
@_date: 2013-06-06 15:17:59
Well, they kind of *were* donating to themselves, they gave two developers that were both very pro-BFL the first donations, but this is a good step in the right direction and I'm glad to see it. Looking forward to seeing more, too!
I'd absolutely love it if BFL proves the naysayers wrong, they are starting to with the foundation now and the fact that they are supposedly starting to deliver a handful of units to actual customers instead of media outlets.
@_date: 2013-07-01 19:45:59
You're both right (though yes, the former is from Office Space). One is the widely accepted definition, the other is the legal definition. Concealing the source of money doesn't necessarily mean the source was illegal, it just might mean someone would prefer to keep their identity private. While one of the reasons for why someone would want their identity to be private, it could be to hide crime, but it could be for cultural/taboo reasons. For example, a preacher might not want it to be known that he's a fan of adult films.
@_date: 2013-08-23 05:19:32
Any climatologist can confirm methane is horrible. Carbon Dioxide is bad, but [methane is absolutely horrid for the environment](
@_date: 2013-11-12 15:18:46
Not presently, but the Armory devs are going to be working on mobile apps supposedly. I would defer to the default Armory thread on BTCTalk to find out for sure, though.
@_date: 2013-03-05 01:51:27
Jeez, I guess they've been growing at a much faster rate than I thought.
@_date: 2013-12-27 17:15:01
Agreed. Solving the Byzantine Generals problem opens up a whole new field of computing. The things that can be built on top of the blockchain are now limitless.
Something to consider is that the Blockchain is likely to outlive everyone reading this. You should think about that for a second and consider what this means. It's essentially a way to programmatically "time" code to a certain degree. It allows us to prove something existed on a certain date, which revolutionizes and eliminates the need for public notaries in many cases.
Wide swaths of our legal and financial world can be radically changed now. And it doesn't just stop there.
@_date: 2013-03-06 20:52:24
Or you could lose it again when lowtax or some other admin does a "post in here and we ban your account" thread.
@_date: 2013-10-03 19:15:07
That's the point, you're being told by the person you're having a philosophical discussion with what the details of the dilemma are and have to assume omniscience. Man does not possess omniscience, which is why consequentialism fails in practice **always**.
@_date: 2013-09-03 21:06:08
While I agree with you, there is a point to be made that once Bitcoin price falls far enough, it become far more profitable to buy than mine. That's because buying at $2 in November 2011 was actually *cheaper* for many folks (esp in Europe) than mining at a cost of $4-$8/coin.
@_date: 2013-10-22 19:59:42
Hate to break it to you, man, but you're not a long term holder. Try holding since December 2010 when I mined my first coin. Sure, I sell here and there (including an ill-timed sale of a not-insignificant amount at $75 post-crash), but I would NEVER blow away the vast amount of my holdings. That'd be insane. This isn't a "I'm better than you" post, just an indication that I think you have quite a different interpretation of what it means to be a long-term holder than the rest of us.
@_date: 2013-05-03 16:27:44
I once put "goatse.cx" in the memo field of a check to a friend that I knew would get the reference and cringe. Bank still cashed it.
@_date: 2013-02-14 22:00:29
Yeah, that was my sentiment. It's like, meh, it's just another $1.
@_date: 2013-05-03 19:48:51
Except I know for a fact this was NOT the case. Many of the early users received a guarantee from MtGox they were not allowed to sell our information. They would be violating our agreement if they did so, which is the whole reason why I think this lawsuit happened.
That was the reason why I emailed Vessenes to begin with, to confirm he was not receiving that information.
@_date: 2013-10-30 19:50:55
Yes, but like gold there are storage costs. Namely, you have to seriously trust the folks storing your coin and storing their own backups to know what they are doing and not get compromised. There's definitely a cost associated with that.
@_date: 2013-03-07 01:02:01
I'm sure wizkid's already gotten a PM about it.
@_date: 2013-03-06 20:44:07
No, I mean the opposite of that when the price is falling again. :\
@_date: 2013-10-03 14:03:42
@_date: 2013-10-21 14:05:12
I used to donate $100/year to Wikipedia. I stopped last year when I asked for a Bitcoin donation address and they said they were unable to accept Bitcoin.
I told them I couldn't trust the integrity of an institution unwilling to accept non-fiat donations. :/
@_date: 2013-12-18 15:36:36
Yeah, I'm concerned about this as well. Being anarcho-crypto in the US is a LOT different than in China. A number of these folks, if identified, could be at risk of losing much more than their coin or cash.
@_date: 2013-04-08 06:29:56
Good point and well taken, I assure you. I actually have someone in commercial real estate that could help me. I've spoken to him a bit about this in the past but I might start more aggressively pursuing this as I really don't see fiat as an end in and of itself, but more of a means to an end.
@_date: 2013-10-03 19:09:46
I acknowledge that. I'm glad you pointed it out, but the way the reports read, it appears that this came chronologically *after* they had the tap on the server. That's the weird part about it. Am I just reading it wrong?
@_date: 2013-03-05 21:08:28
And other than the temporarily increased demand by people just now learning about Bitcoin and shakily holding it expecting it to keep going up, what is the support for $40/coin right now?
@_date: 2013-01-18 17:31:37
I assume you're referring to the [Panic of 1907]( or other similar contractions. These always lead to a crisis of confidence. Much like we most recently had in 2008.
The ultimate solution to these is a near-complete replacement of the status quo, which happens much faster if you let turmoil happen for a period of a few months to a year than if you prop up [zombie banks]( like Japan did in the 90s and the US is doing now.
In short your claim is correct, but "enslave" is not the correct word I'd use. Whatever ill comes of it, it is temporary, and while the reset to normal can be quite extreme, the financial backlash that happens from ill investment strategies is **necessary** in a free market.
@_date: 2013-11-21 16:45:29
I feel like I must be weird for immediately recognizing a kitco chart of silver, you should have not even told people what this was and waited for the response. Enough of us would have recognized it to upvote it, while those that downvoted it without thinking are exactly the type of folks that shouldn't be in Bitcoin right now...
@_date: 2013-06-09 08:31:38
It's the Chinese. Specifically Avalon. They are cashing out.
Ultimately it hurts them though. Once the rest of their miners come online they are gonna be kicking themselves for selling.
EDIT: Stop thinking that one address is actually owned by Yufi and the Avalon team, it's not, it's owned by their payment processor who likely accumulated it into one address but are selling off previous addresses as needed.
@_date: 2013-11-12 15:22:12
Sounds good, look forward to seeing them. Be sure to link them here on when they are created and let me know so I can upvote it as well.
@_date: 2013-03-11 15:57:40
You only have to verify when you move the cash, meaning they've already sold.
Or at least that was the way it used to be, anyway, not sure if its changed.
@_date: 2013-06-14 14:19:38
This. Please be forewarned, unless ASICMiner has endless supplies of cash, they WILL be outpaced by Avalon/BFL, regardless of how crappy these companies have been lately in getting their products out to consumers, they inevitably will, at which point the difficulty will exponentially increase.
@_date: 2013-11-27 16:56:52
Theoretical? That leaves open the possibility of the USD going the way of the GBP, Dutch, Spanish, and Portuguese currencies and ends up with a century of life. In other words, no end to a USD-based "limit".
@_date: 2013-10-31 18:19:16
I guess the only one I'm unfamiliar with is obelisk, I tried to read up on what it was but there doesn't seem to be any documentation. Will we be able to run an obelisk server independently or any sort of encrypted relay services to help out with decentralization? I assume this will work over TOR hidden services as well?
+.25 BTC verify
@_date: 2013-03-16 07:44:25
For some of us, that value it in terms of how long we can live our lives off of it, it **is** our reserve currency. While I understand your point, you're still asking about this from the perspective of someone beholden to fiat currency. It's impossible to find your answer asking the question as an impartial observer. At least some of us have found financial freedom in Bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-05-20 19:03:26
This is a good idea. Reduces fees, increases his shareholder profits, and more importantly, drastically increases the security of the network. Granted, it won't stay that way if they grow to over 50% of the network, but with them leaving BTCGuild and BitMinter, this is probably the most secure the network has been in years with regards to mining pool hashrate, and probably the most secure overall considering the distribution of network hash power and the size of network hashing power. 
I almost want to even suggest this is the reason for some of the upward price pressure.
@_date: 2013-11-12 15:14:33
It *is* quite a bit harder to do, but should be doable with enough coding and API calls. I hope they put this in place as well.
@_date: 2013-11-12 15:13:34
Yeah, it's worth asking about, thanks for doing that.
@_date: 2013-12-28 00:18:57
1. Being able to buy my groceries with Bitcoin.
I agree that supply chains and etc will need to implement support of it, but if China really revolutionizes into Bitcoin, that might happen anyway, we just need to keep the pressure on businesses to keep adopting it.
@_date: 2013-03-07 00:55:28
Wise words from a man about to sell.
@_date: 2013-02-21 17:08:55
Well, I'm sorry to say this is true. There is still ~2 million of unaccounted for coins, maybe a few hundred thousand of which would qualify as "lost". One old miner did, in fact, sell approximately 400,000 Bitcoins from June 2011 to November 2011 of "generated coin" which is the 50 BTC held in wallets that were generated with blocks.
I am working on a writeup about this guy, but it's all evidenced in the blockchain. There's some indication it is either Satoshi or Hal or another of the very early miners given the specific transactions that took place using similar coin. The one mistake that was made that tips off who it likely was is that they moved generated 50 coins along with older coins that were used in test/manual transactions all at the exact same time into the same wallet.
Again, I hope to do a write up on this later, but I'd like to wait till I have a link to who it actually is, one wallet in particular is still in use and I think it's only a matter of time before one of the addresses two hops aways is attributable to a person on the forums. I have found one such person who knows the identity this way but he refused to tell me who it was he dealt with even when I offered to pay 10 BTC for the identity, I'm hoping one of the newer users is more easily persuaded.
@_date: 2013-02-21 19:28:49
If you could build a working/secure escrow system that functions similarly to how ~~bitcoin.info~~ **blockchain.info** stores wallets, (encrypted so people don't even have to trust *you*) I'd put my name on it and potentially buy a share in it.
@_date: 2013-10-10 21:34:10
Bitcoin *made* Dwolla early on. They passed at least $10-$25 million through Gox alone in the first two years. Not to mention the amounts left in the Dwolla account and the bank accounts in the US that were eventually seized.
@_date: 2013-12-11 15:25:13
A buddy of mine and I used to design our own crypto systems in middle school (this was the early 90s). We came up with a simple Caesar cipher but it used mirror writing on every nth word, where n was prime. Sixth grade English teacher caught me passing him a note written in this system and said, "Looks like I have some deciphering to do."
AFAIK, she never figured it out. Of course, my buddy barely remembered how it worked as well, and I could never convince any of my other friends (typical nerd; read this as "all of my two other friends") to use a crypto system for our notes in class.
Instead I went on to study on my own and got involved in Bitcoin in late 2010 because of the crypto. Guess it paid off to be interested in "weird" stuff.
@_date: 2013-05-03 16:32:38
@_date: 2013-11-19 20:52:51
I often wonder if the arbitrage bots are making it happen like this:
Me in the US, unable to freely trade Bitcoin -&gt; Coinbase -&gt; Bitstamp -&gt; MtGox -&gt; OKChina -&gt; Some Chinese guy who can more freely trade Bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-11-13 19:15:07
Why are you touching it? It should be in an airtite!
@_date: 2013-08-22 15:45:11


You should *seriously* look into charitable trusts if you think Buffet is immune from dynastic wealth. He's an avid user of charitable trusts to essentially transfer all his wealth to his kids and grandkids.
That said, I don't fault him for it, and I'm glad he's going the non-profit route for sure. I just don't like that he is also in favor of increasing estate taxes while he's clearly using loopholes to get around it.