@_author: yoshimiller
@_date: 2017-09-05 19:39:54
Most interesting section I think:
To make this easier to understand imagine that a new material was discovered called Satoshium. Satoshium acts in very strange ways. 
It won’t move unless it’s owner speaks a secret word that only he can know.
Satoshium is also rare. Only 21 million kilos of it exists in the universe and it will take a lot of work to find it all. It moves at the speed of light between owners. It is not strong or pretty or useful for anything. At first Satoshium wouldn’t have much value. A few curious scientists would want a little so they might give it to each other for free. Some people would find it interesting because they know it would be really useful as money. Once its usefulness as money became clear many more people would want to buy some because it would be very valuable if it became money in the future. Eventually Satoshuim would become money because it works better than anything else we have found in the universe. Satoshium is exactly like Bitcoin except Bitcoin is real. The only other difference is that bitcoin is digital, but it has the same properties, it behaves in exactly the same ways, as our fictional Satoshium.
Right now it is not easier to buy things for bitcoin than government dollars, but many people are collecting it because bitcoin will be much more valuable when it becomes money.
@_date: 2017-10-14 17:08:47
Americans are all Nazis (Nationalists Socialists). 
The current drama in America about Nazism is one of the least informed debates I’ve ever seen. In this essay I’m going to explain how it looks to one educated outsider.
@_date: 2017-09-12 19:01:35
In order to become money an item must go through these stages:
Discovery. It’s existence becomes known.
Study. People examine the item and discover it’s uses.
Collection. A few people collect and desire the item.
Popular Collection. A large number of people in an area collect the item and want more of it.
Money. The item is the most easy to sell.
Bitcoin is currently in stage 3. Currently there are probably millions, but certainly not billions of people that collect bitcoin. To track bitcoins progress from step 3 to step 4 we need to know how many people collect the item and how much they want more of it. The number of collectors is unknown because of the way bitcoin works. However we do know how much people want bitcoin because we know the market price. If the market price is at $4,000 we know that some people want to buy it at $3,999 and some people don’t want it as much as they want $4,001. In other words people want it as much as they want $4,000 on average.
The reason that an item must be popularly collected before it can become money can be illustrated by imagining that you are at a baseball card convention. Inside the convention there is very little doubt that you could sell your highly sought after baseball card to just about anyone. If you see someone that has something you want it’s just a matter of figuring out the ratio (price) — since it’s very likely they will accept your card in a trade. Now imagine you leave the convention and walk a few blocks away to buy a bag of chips. It’s obvious that the store owner is unlikely to accept your baseball card.
Money works the same way except that the whole world collects what you have. Since everyone in the US collects US dollars you are sure to be able to use it to trade with just about everyone.
@_date: 2017-09-06 23:38:05
This is chapter 2 of the book I'm writing to cover the history, purpose and future of bitcoin. Feedback welcome!
@_date: 2017-10-14 20:57:09
He's too busy getting a bunch of credibility from his fake free country project (that is also socialist because it requires taxation to pay for laws that prevent free trade - and a police force - and a legal system enforced by the state).