@_author: yoshmaista
@_date: 2015-12-09 18:32:46
@_date: 2015-12-09 18:49:24
It's a dollar man.  I haven't had to find a way to get a dollar in BTC ever, I just remember there being a way to get small amounts of money.
Didn't feel like going to the ATM, taking another ~$10 hit just to get a dollar's worth of bitcoins.  People who are helping me out, I appreciate it, but I literally was asking "how do I make 75 cents", because I've never had this specific issue.
Grow up.
@_date: 2015-12-09 18:39:11
Thanks sir
@_date: 2015-12-09 20:11:16
Just gonna delete this because the situation got taken care of.  Thanks to those who helped, but I found a way around the issue.
@_date: 2014-06-03 23:06:59
Why are you complaining about emerging markets, people who dump their fiat currency into the digital market (therefore lending more power and height to the market cap and allowing the cryptoworld gain more strength as a whole), and try to get a few bucks off of it?
Are most of these coins pump and dump?  Yes.  Obviously.  But just as obviously, there's a few that are doing good things, and creating good, helpful, excellent communities that do nothing but create a positive image for cryptocurrencies in general, much less BitCoin (the coin whom received the "bad image" because of the poor choices of the people who lent most of the value to the coin in the first place).
Instead of trying to tell other people what to do, and grandstanding on your own self-righteousness, maybe you should take a second look at some of these.  Maybe you should also realize that the people pouring their money into this marketplace are doing nothing but giving your own coin of choice (bitcoin) more value, more legitimacy, and gives you an opportunity to even enjoy a positive cashflow by routing your own BTC through an altcoin during the PnD process, and making a bit of profit.
Christ, I really don't understand people like you.  It's like you think this is the goddamn Illuminati of the internet--just because you have a couple of BTC doesn't mean you're a goddamn emperor or somehow know more about the internet, or even that you should have any say in what the rest of the internet does.  Don't take that the wrong way--there are plenty of people who are heavily invested/interested in BTC and are great people and great contributors to whatever communities, both IRL and online, that they're a part of.  Most of those people love the altcoins.  They realize that, regardless of how misguided, greedy, or even scandalous some of the alts are/can be/have been, that in the end all they do is help BTC.
Seriously though OP, nobody cares about your bad opinion, and you need to wake up and realize nobody wants you telling them what to do.
@_date: 2015-08-03 23:01:43
Andre with BitAccess saved my bacon.  Good customer service.