@_author: yosoybillbrasky
@_date: 2018-01-04 00:24:08
"Luck comes to a well prepared person"
@_date: 2017-12-14 18:07:56
Take the updoot! TAKE IT!
@_date: 2017-12-15 03:10:54
Wait wait wait wait...
... I still have some pre $20k BTC to buy up, don't go doing shit that's going dramatically *improve* the value of this stuff for at least for another week.
@_date: 2017-12-08 19:50:09
From the article 
First, a brief overview on how futures work: Let's say that I think that the price of XYZ which is currently trading at $50, will go up to $100 in two months.
Someone offers me the chance to commit to paying $80 for XYZ in two months' time. I accept, which means that I’ve just "bought" a futures contract. If I'm right, I’ll be paying $80 for something that's worth $100. If I'm wrong, and the price is lower, then I’ll be paying more than it's worth in the market, and I will not be happy.
Alternatively, if I think that XYZ is going to go down in price, I can "sell" a futures contract: I commit to delivering an XYZ in two months’ time for a set price, say $80. When the contract is up, I buy an XYZ at the market price, and deliver it to the contract holder in return for the promised amount.
If I'm right and the market price is lower than $80, I've made a profit.
Beyond this basic premise, there are all sorts of hybrid strategies that involve holding the underlying asset and hedging: for instance, I hold XYZ and sell a futures contract (I commit to selling) at a higher price.
If the price goes up, I make money on the underlying asset but lose on the futures contract, and if it goes down the situation is reversed. Another common strategy involves simultaneously buying and selling futures contracts to "lock in" a price.
Futures contracts currently exist for a vast range of commodities and financial instruments, with different terms and conditions.
It's a complex field that moves a lot of money. The futures market for gold is almost 10x the size (measuring the underlying asset of the contracts) of the physical gold market.
How can this be? How can you have more futures contracts for gold than actual gold? Because you don’t have to deliver a bar of gold when the contract matures. Many futures contracts settle on a "cash" basis – instead of physical delivery for the sale, the buyer receives the difference between the futures price (= the agreed-upon price) and the spot (= market) price.
If the aforementioned XYZ contract were on a cash settlement basis and the market price was $100 at the end of two months (as I had predicted), instead of an XYZ, I would receive $20 (the difference between the $100 market price and the $80 that I committed to pay).
Both the CME and the CBOE futures settle in cash, not in actual bitcoin. Just imagine the legal and logistical hassle if two reputable and regulated exchanges had to set up custodial wallets, with all the security that would entail.
So, it’s likely that the bitcoin futures market will end up being even larger than the actual bitcoin market.
Side effects
@_date: 2017-12-22 21:48:26
Get her some BTC on a Paper Wallet in her stocking this year! 