@_author: youhavebeenliedtozz
@_date: 2017-12-23 21:11:28
I do not understand the mechanism of centralization pressure. Mining by nature will trend towards lare superminers, because of the economics of scale of dedicated hardware (asics) + cost of electricity, etc. How does this change with block size, or is the idea that increased orphan blocks cause the effect?
@_date: 2017-12-23 18:03:34
Usually lurker, made acc to correct this.
You are wrong, unfortunately. What segwit does is separate witness data from the rest of the tx, but that witness data still must be included in the tx.
Segwit uses an accounting trick to raise block size: witness data is considered 25% of its actual size in bytes.
This is why full segwit adoption will push the real block size up to about 1.7MB...
It makes me sad when users who post correct information get downvoted. This subreddit doesn’t even understand segwit despite supporting it...
edit: I forgot to ask. Can you provide any proof that it *makes transactions smaller*? IE not that it makes "block weight" smaller, since block weight is an accounting trick used to slowly increase block size in proportion to segwit adoption
@_date: 2017-12-23 18:15:29
How sad that posting CORRECT information about segwit results in being mass downvoted.
**Segwit is a block size increase**. This is inarguable. The more segwit adoption goes up, the more block size increases, up to about 1.7 MB +- .2 MB.
As far as I know, it does not "make transactions smaller". It's really quite stunning that the link that posted says that.
Now, is the limited use of segwit "helping the network survive"? Clearly not, given the fees. However I'm guessing you (were making a backhanded point that blocksize increases aren't as bad as thought? If so, then I certainly agree, at the risk of being downvoted by this sub.
Please, *educate yourselves about segwit*. How can you encourage adoption without understanding the protocol you're recommending?
@_date: 2017-12-23 19:38:32
Honestly, I do not know. I used to think it was just incompetence...now I'm thinking it's more on the malice side of things.
Core supporters such a Greg Maxwell seem to believe that $50-100 transaction fees are desirable. It's a little bizarre because the increased cost of running a full-blockchain non-mining node would be offset if the user makes even a small number of on-chain transactions.
The stronger the base layer is (on-chain transactions), the less demand there is for second-layer transactions. This, to me, implies a conflict of interest is at play. However saying as much will result in...well, we'll see. Maybe I'm cynical, but I will be impressed if my comments survive the next 24 hours.
Even large Bitcoin whales like the Pineapple fund are being ravaged by fees. This problem gets way worse for those who have UTXOs due to using BTC in the past and/or using tumblers, because more UTXOs = more bytes per transaction = more fees.
I believe we should scale on-chain until it's proven that we cannot do otherwise. Others believe we should scale off-chain as soon as possible. However with the current transactions fees, BTC adoption has gone negative, which does not bode well for the future of BTC, in my eyes. Many disagree, of course.
Also, regarding moore's law, a common argument is that it won't last forever. Regardless of whether the actual rate of doubling follows moore's law, as long as we have any kind of exponential decrease in cost, then on-chain scaling will remain viable. In short we have an exponential increase in block size (in line with exponential increase in transactions above a minimum fee level), offset by an exponential decrease in computation/storage cost. This works out to a constant, and it's a well-known rule of Computer Science that you can always overcome a constant, but you cannot overcome exponential increases.
@_date: 2017-12-23 19:23:06
Totally agreed. We cannot have a rational discussion on the trade-offs associated with different solutions without actually understanding the solutions.


Just to note the obvious, completely removing the witness data would be absolutely disastrous. Without cryptographic proof, you can't have Bitcoin. Thus it makes intuitive sense why segwit does not *remove* the witness data, it just moves it. (Personally I find the move unnecessary, and am confused as to why witness data wasn't left where it was. I assume it has something to do with facilitating off-chain transactions that don't use cryptographic verification?)
I hope this isn't off-topic for the thread, but I would like to discuss this if you have time (we can move to PMs if I end up getting hammered for my position):


I, personally, am a believer that hard forks are not scary, but in fact *critical* to the health of the network. This is a basic principle of open-source, decentralized software: anyone can create a fork and add features. It's as simple as a "git clone" (or whatever VCS you prefer).
Additionally, I do not believe a block-size increase is a threat to the decentralization of the network. I have discussed this many times, and have not found a justification that satisfies me as to why blocksize increases are to be feared.
The argument I always hear goes like this: increasing block size will make it cost prohibitive to run "full nodes" (which are more accurately called full-blockchain non-mining nodes, to distinguish from mining nodes which are the only 'nodes' that exist in Satoshi's original whitepaper). This harms the network, because reasons. Here's a simplified version of my position:
- the only security role that full nodes play is for Simple Payment Verification (SPV/thin clients like Electrum). This is because SPV involves querying a number (I think Electrum does 10) of full nodes, and making sure they all agree. If they do, you just examine the block headers rather than verifying transactions yourself. This is a potential attack vector, because you can make a user think they have a different coin balance than they actually have, but only if the malicious nodes have near full control of the network.
Furthermore, I believe it is not cost prohibitive to increase block size, because the exponential increase in blocksize is offset by an exponential decrease in cost of computing/storage space (moore's law). Furthermore there is no profit incentive to run a full node, thus we can only assume that large BTC holders will run full nodes for their own benefits (making sure they are not 'lied to' by malicious full nodes).
On the other hand, the central risk to Bitcoin is and has always been mining power. **Owning a majority of hashpower is the *only* way to attack the blockchain itself**, either via a double spend or by erasing transactions after a certain point by secretly building up your own evil chain with  &gt;50% of hashpower. This risk will always exist, since mining power tends to be centralized in places like China.
In short, the role of full nodes is overemphasized, and the role of miners is underemphasized.
Ultimately Bitcoin cannot function without low fees. This is because actually using the currency (or "store of value" if you believe that Bitcoin is not usable as a currency) results in UTXOs which inflate transaction size. As someone who actually used Bitcoin, I have been absolutely murdered by mining fees for exactly this reason. Unfortunately, I took a break from bitcoin when fees were negligible, and came back to $20-50 transaction fees - if I had seen it coming, I could have consolidated into a single output, which would have saved me a good 50% in fees.
Also of note, LN as described in the whitepaper requires a blocksize far above 1.7MB for worldwide usage. Estimates are upwards of 100 MB. Thus I find it bizarre how vehemently block-size increases have been argued against.
Personally, I find Segwit to be kind of ugly from the perspective of a coder. TX malleability must be fixed, but I would prefer having done so without moving witness data and without defining the new term "block weight" which serves to hide the real block size of a transaction. In short, Segwit transactions are preferentially treated as lower weight than they actually are, which to me seems like a heavy-handed attempt to force adoption.
Thanks for creating this discussion. I hope I haven't veered too off topic (and I also pray my comment will not be removed. It is my understanding that it is against the rules here to discuss things that are viewed as already having been decided, like block size - a battle that the real users of BTC lost years ago. This is very dangerous to consensus, given that discussion is not open)
@_date: 2017-12-23 21:12:42
This is an incredible comment. I will reply sometime in the next 12 hours (I’ll be occupied until then).
In the mean time, great point about tx malleability. I didn’t make the connection that moving witness data is the mechanism of fixing tx malleability.
Thanks again.