@_author: youiscool
@_date: 2019-07-19 21:57:13
Ask him what he’s doing about preventing USD from being used in drug transactions. Ask him what currency El Chapo’s stacks of money were in.
@_date: 2018-08-31 04:02:05
Why did you not not send them crypto and have them convert to local fiat? Legal issues?
@_date: 2019-08-01 16:48:42
You can’t exchange your US dollars for US Military personnel though, and the amount of USD in circulation can be increased at will by the government. USD has no intrinsic value and USD had artificial scarcity. I’m not anti-fiat, but fiat is fiat for a reason. 
Trump is a dumbass, his stupid comments shouldn’t require mental gymnastics and logical leaps to desperately rationalize and make sense of. Doing that with any politician’s statement, or anyone’s words for that matter, is detrimental to the country, reason, and the public discourse. Nothing good comes from it.
Edit: Guys.. USD is is fiat fucking currency. It has no *intrinsic value*, it isn’t scarce, and the supply is artificially controlled in order to manipulate the purchasing power and perceived value of it. It is “backed by thin air” in the context of that statement, unlike BTC which has inherent scarcity and even *utility*. It doesn’t matter what pedantic bullshit wordplay and mental gymnastics you try to use to justify the sentiment in the OP image, the quote/sentiment is ignorant and hypocritical bullshit.
@_date: 2019-01-20 19:36:51
Yearly highs, volatility, especially when extreme, are just as important. You can’t start looking for reasons as to why something should be valuable. You have to look at value objectively. Too many people here are emotionally invested in bitcoin, way way too emotionally invested. It clouds your judgement. It’s good to consider facts like this for perspective, but you can’t base your judgment on them alone. 
Value is a macro metric. *Everyone* has to agree on that value, not just enthusiasts. You can’t spend an excessive amount of time convincing yourself one way or the other. 
Telling yourself that bitcoin is valuable because “the entire world monetary system is going to collapse and every single person will move to crypto” is an *extremely* naive outlook and almost absurd. Just think about how catastrophic and cataclysmic of an event that it is. You can’t hedge your bets on something like that. 
If you think the value will go up, then buy and hold. Move on with your life. Forget about it. 
@_date: 2019-01-16 19:19:24
Was way cuter at 9 imo 