@_author: youmustbecrazy
@_date: 2014-04-21 20:59:54
I do have a few (raging) clues about that! As a developer, I am quite familiar with the fragmented linux-sphere. But you helped emphasize my point, that all of the things you listed were successful after being adopted by companies with the resources to bring them to the masses.
I love my raspberryPis, and have a lot of fun configuring them for different tasks, and even re-purposing my old androids in the same manner. But it takes a certain level of understanding to achieve these relatively simple feats. I can't hand them over to most of the people I know and expect them to even begin installing something even as simple as RaspBMC.
So, they buy Roku, Apple TV, Amazon Fire, etc. and are comfortable using it. Even though I believe the cheaper, open source option is better, ultimately it can't compete with the resources of a big company. Not that raspberry pi foundation is attempting to do so, but just an example of open source utopia vs corporate offering. 
Getting back to the topic... I really hope Bitcoin can get adoption from the right partners such as Sir Richard Branson so they can utilize their infrastructure to help educate people and fight for proper regulation.
@_date: 2014-11-24 00:24:04
He has use for it when he has utility with it. It's kind of like the network effect right? A few telephones or computer can build a community. But a phone/device in every home, office and pocket + supporting applications for using them to transfer information to and from all of them?  That created a historic paradigm shift that became a standard and basis for everything to come after it.
It may not take the same amount of time or path to wide adoption, but there's a serious need for awareness and support before it can be compared to the value the internet providers average Joe.
@_date: 2014-04-21 19:02:38
This sounds similar to **Ray Kurzweil's** [Life Cycle of Technology](
Those are great examples, but it is possible Bitcoin could be the "false pretender" described by Kurzweil. One example I think he missed was Linux and Apple's OS X (or one could argue NeXT). Wherein Linux was clearly a great evolution for open source. But ultimately OS X being less fragmented could refine the balance of interface and features to provide a superior product that was locked down. Not that Linux does not serve a purpose, but it was never adopted by the masses.
It is very possible Bitcoin will succeed after it has been adopted by a company with the resources to close the gap on educating the masses and lobbying for proper regulation. Although that might mean it becomes less open.