@_author: yourcommentiswrong
@_date: 2015-12-06 01:44:25
No, they prioritize nodes that have been alive longer as being more reliable.  That's not remotely close to censorship.
@_date: 2015-12-13 09:00:51
Yes it is.  Because it's peer to peer.  My OB store is run on my computer.  There's no server to shut down.  It's *significantly* less censorable than any normal website.
@_date: 2015-12-04 08:13:40
There is ample evidence on the effectiveness of torture, and it all says torture is not effective.  The information you get from torture is just not reliable.
@_date: 2015-12-13 15:38:20


Since you are too stupid to grasp the implication, I'll lay it out.  There's no single centralized server that acts as a single point of failure for the system.  Allow me to elaborate and see if you can manage to follow, complicated though it may seem to you.
The reason generally speaking websites are censorable is that they are owned by known companies who have known people running them who can be coerced.  Additionally, they often operate on only a few servers, which are easy to locate, or use domain names which are easy to redirect.  So the people can be coerced, and all the servers can be found and shut down, and the DNS names can be redirected.
Open Bazaar is different in many ways.  Firstly, although the people running it are known, the code is open sourced and copied on many *many* different computers.  I for example have a complete copy of the source code *and its version history and changes* on my computer.  As do many others.  If the people running it are coerced or stopped, the code and the project will continue.  Secondly, each person runs their store on their own computer.  While individually some people may have their servers raided or shutdown, it's impossible to raid everybody, and the majority of the stores will continue to operate, and many of those that are shut down will be able to migrate to other servers.  Third, many of the stores on OB may be run by individuals who wish to remain mostly anonymous, and so they will be run on servers that are either behind something like Tor hidden services, or they will simply be mirrors or redirects to other servers, so the owner will be able to get advanced warning of, if not outright block, attempts to identify or seize a server.  Fourth, OB uses Bitcoin and multisignature escrow as the payment system, so while traditional stores that get raided or shutdown get their funds confiscated and are thus permanently crippled, that cannot happen when an OB server gets shutdown or its owner strong-armed or arrested.
Do you understand yet why you are wrong?
@_date: 2015-12-07 01:53:52
All of that is configurable on your node.  You are free to write a script to disable any and all of it and publish it publicly.  OB gets hyped because it's a working P2P marketplace, which is by that very nature not censorable.
I have read most of the code and followed the project closely, please do tell me more about how little of an idea I have.
@_date: 2016-03-01 05:17:54
That is correct.  But there is a *probability* of risk.  For example, a 1% risk of an event happening is different than a 99% chance of it happening.  There is a difference between how you should treat those two probabilities, even though there is still some chance the event will happen in both scenarios.
Similarly, for unconfirmed transactions, there may have previously been a 0.001% risk of a double spend on any given transaction, whereas now there may be as high as a couple percent if "send again with a higher fee" options start becoming common in wallet software.  For a business with only a couple percent profit margin, that may be the difference between staying in business and not.
Do you understand that the probability of something happening is very significant in determining its level of risk?  Your prior comment is akin to saying "there's always risk of being struck by lightning, walking outside was never safe."
@_date: 2016-01-26 04:45:12


Well this is an astonishingly retarded comment, even for the recent block size debate.  BIP101 is literally the only thing in XT that has been used to identify it as an "alt coin" and that is because it is the ONLY thing that ***can*** remotely be used that way, because it's the only thing in XT that differs from Core in a manner that is any kind of a fork.  Every other change in XT has to to with client side network management, or sending utxo information to BIP64-enabled clients.
[Here]( is the list of things that make XT different from Core.  I hope you now understand why you are wrong and that you don't make the same mistake again.
@_date: 2016-01-01 05:47:09
The logic is not sound.  You claim that cpu-only mining is more centralizing than speciality hardware-based mining and cite no evidence or reason to back that claim, other than the argument "because botnets can control CPUs."
@_date: 2016-01-02 01:45:18
It is a fallacy to claim that widely distributed technology available to all is more centralizing than specialized hardware.  You're pointing out botnets have happened without realizing that even with botnets, CPUs are far more distributed than ASICs.
@_date: 2016-01-20 05:21:38
That's not how robbery works.  Robbery is still robbery even if the thief does good things with the stolen money.
@_date: 2016-02-23 19:10:16


That's extremely silly.  Security has never been, and can never be, in *any* context, black and white.  It has always been "how much is good enough"?
And if "good enough" for you was not accepting 0-conf transactions, great, you don't have to accept them.  But they did provide a level of "good enough" for many merchants, a level which is now *not* good enough.
It is not binary safe or un-safe.  Even a confirmation can be undone with a re-org which is common.  There is no such thing as "secure or not secure".  There is only how many attack vectors you have covered and with what probability can they be overcome with how much money and time.