@_author: your_another_mother
@_date: 2014-06-13 14:12:12
Nxt is not a PoS coin. A blockchain rewind longer than 720 blocks is already impossible, so it implicitly relies on online consensus. Also, they're going the web-of-trust route where new user trusts predefined entities, ie. if a developer's node sends you a blockchain with lower 'difficulty' than other (untrusted) node, you're going to choose developer's blockchains. They called it "Economic clustering", but it's best described by the name another user created: "proof of walmart", because trusted nodes are supposed to be those that take part in economic activity, like big merchants etc.  
In short, NXT is just not a decentralized cryptocurrency. It's basically paypal, just not run by a company, but by a cooperative.  
The worst part: who chooses who is trusted? Theoretically the user, but how does new user know who to trust? So the real answer is: anonymous (as of now) developers...  
The same developers who outright lied to everyone at the beginning by saying that NXT is going to be a PoS currency.  
@_date: 2014-01-26 20:46:03
Well, you're going to miss the train, it's your choice. An ipo model is obviously not a scam, it's the way stock markets work everywhere. Early investors are supposed to earn a profit.   
 
Nxt has already proven it's a success. The network is drastically more decentralized than bitcoin's, which is basically two pools. "Decentralized" currency. American bank system is more decentralized.  
@_date: 2014-01-26 13:45:36
It's the first pure proof of stake cryptocurrency which means there's no mining. This allows for much cheaper and faster transactions (with 'transparent forging' enhancement, 1000 transactions per second are possible). 
It has a working alias system (key : value pair, just like Namecoin).   
There's also asset exchange (currently being tested) which allows you to emit your own stock or whatever. It's basically a decentralized stock exchange. 
(asset exchange is equivalent to colored coins)
A decentralized exchange (with other cryptocurrencies) is being planned.  
Owning Nxt is effectively equivalent to owning a stock in a nxt ecosystem. If the currency is widely used, you can profit by collecting transaction fees.  
It's developed by a community on [bitcointalk]( The original author released the initial code to a few people and disappeared.  
[More about Nxt PoS concept](  
@_date: 2014-06-15 03:37:19
It won't be used in case of a 51% attack, it will be used always, because it's not possible to say whether the network is 51% attacked or whether you're a victim of fake consensus (either due to accident like network split or actual attack) and the 'attack' is really the true state.  
For this reason it's not possible to 'detect' 51% attack, because it's not an attack in the literal sense. It's just the stronger consensus.  
They should throw out the fake PoS entirely, the only real effect it has now is random block time. The state of blockchain is what the developers deem right anyway, not the protocol.      
Nxt isn't and isn't going to be a decentralized cryptocurrency.   