@_author: yousmokecrackrock
@_date: 2014-06-29 23:34:54
That's the point. "The games are currently free" but you want donations. That's why you are doing this. Not to have fun with your son. Don't even give me that bullshit.
Your kid is GENUINELY interested in making games? Teach him. 
Reward him by buying new toolsets or whatever, don't beg for money from strangers.
@_date: 2014-06-29 23:36:20
This isn't a piggybank.
Piggybanks is physical, usually cute and make sound when you shake them.
Bitcoin is a number on a screen. If the kid was 10 I would be all thumbs up, but this is a 5 year old who is being exploited by his greedy shitty parent
@_date: 2014-06-29 23:58:51
It's not really about being mutually exclusive. Of course you can do both.
My point here is that this guy is making really, really shitty games and he knows it. Yet he wants to charge money for it under the guise of it being "inspired by my kid" and he turns up exploitation levels to "exceed limit" when he adds "BITCOIN BUSINESS". I am glad that most replies have started seeing through this bullshit.
@_date: 2014-06-29 23:33:13
Let me see if I get this straight.
You are doing all the programming and graphics with him giving you "suggestions" and you want to make a business out of it?
A 5 year old kid should have fun, not worry about business, nor should he earn anything or the shittyshit he would make. That's the point of being a kid, you play, you don't earn money for doing bullshit with your dad.
Exploiting your own son is weak as hell
@_date: 2014-06-29 23:41:20
As a uncle to 4 kids I just shake my head at these lies or shitty parents (you decide which you are).
Explain to me how a 5 year old is supposed to understand programming when they can't even read or do basic arithmetic?
More importantly: WHY SHOULD THEY KNOW EITHER OF THOSE THINGS? THEY ARE KIDS.
You are a kid for about 9 years, 7 of which you can claim to be fully conscious. Kids should be allowed to savor it and learn that the world is fun before they enter "real life" and become yet another pessimist.
Kids should definitely be taught BASICS about saving. As in *"Ok you want that game? You have to SAVE up money. So you have to decide, do you want to spend those dollars on candy today or do you want to save it for the game?"*
Not *"OK KID; you have to start putting in some hours if you want a cut of your own business that accept this thing called a public ledger, HEY DO YOU LISTEN TO ME?!!? BITCOINS IS TEH FUTURE !"*
Child abuse
@_date: 2014-06-29 23:48:07
I really feel sorry for any kid under 10 that has a parent who wants to teach them about crypto. It's so fucking unnecessary. 
Want to do something both enjoy? Get a ball, kick it, throw it, hit it. Go on trips. Feed animals. Create something together without trying to make a business out of it.
Even if the graphics of piggycoin or whatever is enjoyable for kids, it's still utterly pointless. They will not learn anything about it at that age.
J 
I have a 3 year old , 5 year old, and two 7 year old nieces and nephews, so this isn't out of my ass