@_author: youvegotlukemia
@_date: 2018-10-16 04:59:16






This one is better:


@_date: 2017-08-18 11:39:55
@_date: 2017-08-22 02:32:11
There he does preach the false ideology which you describe as "the 'threat' to / fear of a legacy-chain wipeout to 'force' everyone onto their chain", notably here:


In other comments [in his history]( you can find these quotes:




Therefore trying to legitimize both BIP148 and BIP149, which were in fact attempts to defraud users of their bitcoins, using the mechanism explained here: 
is anything but consistent when it comes to exposing critical flaws in forks and supporting malicious forks.
@_date: 2017-08-18 02:55:51
And that's your excuse for the dozens of UASF supporters who spread the link? Can none of them reason on their own whether this is a misrepresentation of BitcoinCore or not? Notice the "false representation (intentional or otherwise)" part quoted in the tweet. I maintain that every person who posted the link (before segwit lock-in and without denouncing the misrepresentation) is fully culpable for perpetrating passing off and wire fraud, at a minimum.
In the case of Luke, I present more evidence:




Not only is he advertising the same fraudulent website, he is referring to the client available therein as a "Core update" in response to an user who has solicited a "Core update". In this case the statements of the accused alone are sufficient to prove intentional misrepresentation.
In your situation it would be wise to start revealing any information you have regarding the crimes, such as identities of people involved, methods used and so on, to show a desire to right the wrongs committed.
@_date: 2017-08-18 09:40:54


Indeed, they didn't put anything of the sort.


They'd have *only* [caused hapless users to end up on a chain that no one mines while losing potentially millions of BTC on the main chain]( Does that fit the meaning of "bad actors"?
@_date: 2017-08-17 22:46:46
I just posted [links]( where advertises UASF on a website where it is [misrepresented]( as "Bitcoin Core". The fact is that the UASF client is not the same as Bitcoin Core. In fact it is different in a very substantial way. Not to mention all the other accomplices, such as Luke, who was preaching all along that UASF coin was supposedly the real Bitcoin even if it split. You see these things, yet you say "No one" claimed this? You are clearly lying too. You are an accomplice, too, denying your guilt, but we don't forget. You better start telling some truth.
@_date: 2017-08-17 19:38:51
There can be valid Bitcoin blocks which a UASF client is not compatible with. UASF is not compatible with *all* Bitcoin blocks. This is what would cause a chainsplit in the first place.
You are just trying to find excuses for your support for this fraud. The meaning of the word "compatible" is not something this case hinges on, at all. It is pretty clear. You advertised this client; you said that this follows the Bitcoin blockchain and the BTC currency; it was in fact going to follow a separate blockchain and a separate currency, unless someone intervened. You are liable for fraud.
@_date: 2017-08-17 17:36:25
Hypocrite! You are guilty of the same things! You passed off UASF as Bitcoin:
You advertising an even more egregious website fraud:
Plenty more instances in your history:
@_date: 2017-08-18 09:31:11


Or was it, really? The conspicuous omission of replay protection is also one thing which enabled:
* Users using SegWit on the BIP148 chain losing all BTC on the non-BIP148 chain;
* Miners being hugely incentivized to mine on top of the non-BIP148 chain by the additional revenue consisting of the bitcoins from the point above;
See explanation: 
Which one sounds like a more coveted or likely goal? Activating SegWit sooner or... a wealth transfer worth millions of BTC?
@_date: 2017-08-17 19:54:53
It's in agreement with how Bitcoin works, including what you wrote about how Bitcoin works. My case against you stands, and you failed to defend yourself. I rest my case. The verdict is clear.
@_date: 2017-08-18 05:09:53
They asked the Core developers to approve and release an update of Bitcoin Core containing that change to consensus rules. This is also the way Luke understood the solicitation, as evidenced by his decision to preface his comment with a statement of fact concerning Bitcoin Core: "Core updates are not automatically installed". Weeks earlier the Core developers, including the accused Luke, had a [meeting]( in which they discussed it and rejected it. Then, instead of telling the truth that there is no Bitcoin Core update release supporting BIP148, he makes an untrue, misleading statement to the effect that there is a Bitcoin Core update release supporting BIP148 and goes on to provide a link to the fraudulent website containing a client not actually released by Core: "You can get and install *the update* from ..."
@_date: 2017-08-22 06:46:22


"Yes probably"? You didn't say "probably" earlier. You were and still are just perpetuating the propaganda and demagoguery of others and making it your own, too. You are complicit in perpetuating this false narrative. "It worked"? "It happened"? You are saying that the miners were motivated by fear of the users abandoning one chain for the new one, which you still insist you don't think is a good method, yet you supported the same in BIP149. Sounds like you are supportive of threats and force and are being duplicitous about it.


What do you mean "if BIP148 was a bluff"? That it is possible that every single one of the BIP148 supporters were part of an organized action or knew it to be a bluff? I fully understand the astroturfing accusations, but your hypothesis goes so far that it is incredible. What about the public campaigns to get people and businesses to run BIP148 software and stick to BIP148 no matter what? There was no bluff "fold" mechanic built into the software. These people would have just forked off. I'm sure that there were such people who responded to the call for action and would have suffered as a result.


This is just plain bullshit. 0.3% of hashpower versus 99.7%? Seriously? Do you think people don't know math and statistics? Even though the probability for a 1 or 2 block long reorganization and wipeout is not negligible even at such low support, so what? It's a small risk for miners. One short reorganization and wipeout is nothing. It doesn't stop the majority from continuing to mine exactly as before from then on. Eventually the majority chain gets enough lead to practically preclude the risk of any further reorganization (it is explained well in the whitepaper).


I guess you meant hashpower support. Yet, there is no theoretical grounds for any such thresholds and no implementation of anything of this sort.


What about the asymmetric advantage for the non-UASF miners of being able to reap huge profits from collecting all SegWit spends? An asymmetric vulnerability affecting those who use SegWit on the UASF chain, combined with an asymmetric incentive to mine the non-UASF chain due to much larger profitability.


This is irrelevant, because we are talking about BIP148 and BIP149/BIP8 UASFs, which are their own proposals with their own things to consider, while BIP141/BIP9 SegWit specifies a fundamentally different and well established activation mechanism.


Seriously? Basic defense is built in, firstly by the PoW consensus mechanism (the hashpower majority), secondly by a built-in command to invalidate a known competing valid chain, which could have been used against a UASF chain if it ever threatened to overtake and wipe out the main chain, and people were saying this all along. Thirdly, people were proposing other soft forks to neutralize and counter UASF and SegWit, and finally the miners activated a different soft fork which neutralized BIP148 while still activating SegWit safely.
I encourage you to make a new post on this topic and we can debate it in more detail and you'll see that most of your ideas are deeply flawed, but I guess you won't do that because you know that you are being dishonest in promoting them.
@_date: 2017-08-22 10:51:16


Did you just blindly swallow all the propaganda about BIP149 that was fed to people, without understanding it? From your analysis of BCH/B2X you don't come across as having no clue about blockchain dynamics and security. BIP149 is as opt-in for miners as any other consensus change, soft or hard fork. Put yourself in the shoes of a miner. You are running one node software, someone mines the first block claiming 100% of SegWit spends as fees, the blockchain splits and you end up on one chain. Do you keep mining with the same node software as before? Do you start claiming SegWit outputs for yourself as well (only possible on the non-BIP149 chain)? It's your decision, but it's quite an important decision. Quite consequential.




This is quite important. If you know of people who were speaking in favor of BIP148 who were bluffing, please tell us who they are. It would really help our community. If you think that some people did wrong things, it would help you as well if you speak out and shine the light on some of those wrongdoings.


It is not an example, it is the empirical observation that only about 0.3% of the total hashpower was voicing support for BIP148.


On page 6 read 11. Calculations:




Ruin problem....


attacker has to catch up with increases.**
This is relevant for the probability of a UASF chain wiping out the majority chain once (which can then reappear).


Read [the link I already provided to you](




























Author: chjj


Indeed it is. It is much worse.


It's not stealing, it's like someone convincing you to leave your cash on a sidewalk and then someone collecting it. Blame the person convincing you and then yourself.


The fact that most of the economy was running SegWit-aware versions of Bitcoin Core is irrelevant for the chainsplit and subsequent critical security implications. Indeed BIP148 would have achieved nothing for those nodes without the mining majority (except for the free bitcoins for the miners). The economy, with few exceptions, was NOT running BIP148 clients.


There were several soft forks which used very similar activation, by miner signalling.


Show me one example of a soft fork which was activated when it didn't have a majority of hashpower on its side, or even that was not thought to have a majority on its side.






No, there was no minority activation and consequent chainsplit, which this conversation was about. No one needed to employ this (except BCH which split even more explicitly).


The miners ran code which prevented the detrimental effects of BIP148, starting with the chainsplit. In that sense it is a "UASF defense".
@_date: 2017-08-22 03:14:37
And what exactly do you mean by "it worked"? Do you think that it scared the miners into activating SegWit before it, because they were worried that they would be left out mining a worthless coin, as was the idea spread by proponents? What do you think would have happened if the miners did not activate SW2x/BIP91 before the flag date?
@_date: 2017-08-17 17:59:18
No it is not. It could fork off from the rest of the nodes due to having a different, incompatible consensus rule set, same as BTC1. Liar.
@_date: 2017-08-17 17:45:46


The fact that the victims of the fraud were saved by third parties (miners) does not make you free from guilt! The fact is that you advised people to do something which would have forked them off in a separate chain, just like in a hard fork, so it is quite similar.
@_date: 2019-08-25 13:07:35


Tell us more. Why do you hate Bitcoin and try to scam its users and owners of the currency, such as me, with poor scam attempts such as UASF, mister UASF shill exab?


I see what you did there. You and your astroturfing shill friends have farmed enough karma here that you now want to get back at truth tellers by luring them into conversations in order to brigade and downvote every one of their comments and just add noise in the thread to try to bury the truth. Yeah, sounds crazy, but I think you and your friends just might be *that* butthurt and go to such lengths. And I don't need to give up any privacy in order to prove that I can only be more of a determined Bitcoin stakeholder than a shill who was publicly supporting a plan to dump all their BTC in favor of a shitcoin that never materialized. Oh, and let go of any hope that your public conversations and actions online are not archived and remembered.
@_date: 2019-08-25 09:52:07
Good, but:
What about one of the shitforks that this guy advertised - BTG? Did you ever bother to sell that worthless shit? How did you go about it?
What would you have done if there was the other shitfork - even more directly endorsed by this guy - UASFcoin (the shitcoin that would have formed had miners not acted quickly enough to activate SegWit)? UASFers didn't bother to incorporate replay protection like the others, because it would interfere with their narrative of it being "Bitcoin", you see (not that the big-blockers like Roger don't try the same lie with their own shitforks). So how would you have gone about cashing that shit in ASAP without also losing your actual BTC to a trivial transaction replay, or even more stealthily, by using the promised SegWit transaction format there, which would actually gift your actual BTC to the miners (UASFers hate this being mentioned, as they were all acting militant-like against miners and this shows their scheme to be ironically hypocritical, on top of everything else that it is)?
So, whether you wanted to SELL or BUY these shady and unreviewed shitforks, it can be very dangerous, because there are scam mechanisms hidden inside them (UASF incorporated transaction replay and anyone-can-spend vulnerabilities for Bitcoin, whereas BTG clients and web wallets had simple private key stealing mechanisms which allowed the scammers to steal all coins that were still held with the same private keys).
This is just to remind people to treat all shitforks with caution, even if they are the ones endorsed by the guy posting that tweet.
@_date: 2019-08-25 08:45:54
You think that's a high-effort Bitcoin scam? Then you must not have seen "UASF" a couple of years back. Not that the people behind "UASF" put a lot of effort into it, but considering that they totally failed to launch the scam, it was practically a total loss for them (except maybe a few hats sold lol). They are still struggling to keep a myth alive hoping to find a way to recoup some of the losses.
You know who you are, UASF scammers, and we all know who you are and we are watching what you are doing.
@_date: 2019-08-26 09:03:56
Then elgrec's comment does not concern you. Maybe it doesn't even concern Back, as I don't know if he's an investor in the company or not. So I don't see any specific individual here who it concerns. Read the comment. It refers to whoever is an actual investor (looks like you are making the generalizing jump to call them all shills). It does not specifically reference anyone who has made any technical argument on anything, because the post is not about anything technical. It only expresses the author's feeling that Blockstream has been a bad investment. Maybe it can also be interpreted as expressing the feeling that all people who have invested in Blockstream share a propensity to go broke, one way or another - but that's about it.
Looks like you almost managed to deflect from that point (even as the author didn't elaborate on it).
@_date: 2019-08-25 09:01:51
Adam Back is in fact more than a Blockstream shill, he's the *CEO*... although that by itself doesn't rank him nearly as high as an *investor* in terms of skin in the game.
Do you happen to be a Blockstream investor?
@_date: 2019-06-03 18:30:32


Technically they were almost identical. BIP149 added new consensus rules (soft fork). The mining cartel on bcash also added new consensus rules (soft fork) on their nodes (even the rules themselves seem related and similar). On Bcash the rules were added without the consent of anyone else. Under BIP149 (also BIP148) the rules were being added by deliberately disrespecting the consent or non-consent of the rest of the network, even though Bitcoin Core's BIP141 included a signalling mechanism to measure precisely that. UASF was like, let's shut our ears and scream LALA and activate this (causing a chainsplit, an altcoin or reorgs and other drama) even if the miners need just one extra week of time before they activate it themselves or whatever. So, Bitcoin Core had already thought of this and made a good mechanism that ultimately worked, but the UASF guys went out of their way to try to cause a situation exactly like the 51% attack on Bcash (but they failed at that). The mechanism in Bitcoin Core (BIP141, BIP9) doesn't leave the opportunity to attempt 51% attacks and this is what the UASF instigators hate, apparently.
@_date: 2019-06-02 21:49:54
And the very first BIP149 enforcing block was mined [at height 582698... on the Bcash blockchain last month by a Chinese mining cartel, 51% attacking their competitors in the process]( Fact. You are the same as them (only less successful at it).
@_date: 2019-02-02 05:12:13


Check the logic of your comment.
"Getting his way" as "the lead dev/scientist of the project" *constitutes* centralizing Bitcoin. Paraphrasing your first sentence:


So, by your statement, he did want to centralize Bitcoin after all, didn't he?
@_date: 2019-06-02 23:36:51


This is precisely what BIP149 does too (and BIP148 but with the signalling bit, not the transactions directly)... you could read the BIPs and source code for yourself if you could. Well, the UASFs never got to the "joining force" part... they never had any significant force.


Non-mining node majorities were never counted in any way for any purpose in any Bitcoin software, because they mean nothing and they can be trivially faked. So this is laughably wrong.


Nodes have always had this ability in the version string. Nodes were overwhelmingly showing a SegWit-enabled version of Bitcoin Core, and not that scam software. Meaning most nodes were for SegWit and against a chainsplit, against reorgs/51% attacks and other shitty tricks enabled by UASF.
Not sure if you really are as ridiculously deluded as you appear to be, or you just hope to fool some completely ignorant redditors who wouldn't check the facts.
@_date: 2019-06-01 15:06:05
Why don't you go to the source quoted in the article and read for yourself:
The person who exploited the bug (kiarahpromise) explains that these blocks had nothing to do with the exploit. Instead, the chainsplit has to do with certain SegWit output spending transactions that kiarahpromise identifies.






The article by Alyssa Hertig doesn't make that distinction clear at all, quite the opposite. So you seem to be understandably confused.


No, I don't think that that's how the game has ever been played. You seem to assume that someone from Bitcoin is playing some game dirty in Bcash. There's no evidence for that. The person who exploited the actual bug (before the blocks discussed here) claims to be a Bcash supporter. It doesn't look like Bitcoiners are playing much in Bcash, and that should be understandable. It does look like Bcashers are playing in Bitcoin and care to fix bugs in it, and that's understandable too.
But this reorg was not about a bug at all. It was all about one part of the network deciding to treat some output spends invalid and conflicting with others. This is a matter of subjective approval or non-approval and then a collective decision.
@_date: 2019-06-01 13:11:40


Hold right there. What are you talking about there? There were multiple mostly unrelated events all coinciding with the last hard fork. One of these was an exploit which caused some nodes to temporarily stop working, but that one was unrelated to the two-block reorganization (orphaning) that happened shortly afterwards. So, what are you talking about?
@_date: 2019-06-02 22:07:19


Maybe you didn't get it. What happened on that lala land is identical to what UASFers attempted to do (whether they understood what they were doing or not). No miner was actually "kicked" on Bitcoin though, thankfully.
@_date: 2019-02-28 17:43:50


Well, he is in fact a UASF supporter, so... that should explain it.
@_date: 2019-06-01 12:27:54
The traditional soft fork mechanism which we have been using (e.g. BIP9) is adequate for that. The SegWit soft fork successfully increased the block size (despite opportunistic attempts for schism and fraud such as BIP148 and BIP149).
This traditional mechanism takes adequate care that activation happens only if and only when at least the majority of miners are comfortable with it. This also means that miners see a comfortably high level of deployment by the users who want to use the extra capacity (or whatever new feature) before they start signalling for it. It's a relatively high bar for activation, but it's proven to work, and it makes it unlikely that bad changes are ever allowed to activate on Bitcoin. So I think that the same process can be used again successfully in the future for that purpose.
@_date: 2019-06-01 11:42:05
They didn't do a civilized soft fork with nodes deploying it and miners expressing their approval of it before activation, like we have always done in Bitcoin.
And what a success that UASF on Bcash was... for the mining majority cartel executing it! Their competition had to swallow the destruction of their orphaned blocks' subsidy, transaction fees, SegWit coins... and the myth that their blockchain is secure and immutable... and the myth that their mining competition is fair and decentralized. The reorging/51% attacking miners don't care about the latter two, they don't care about that shitcoin in the long term... because they know that they can always return to mining Bitcoin, which has an untarnished reputation in those respects. All they cared about there was some short-term profits at the expense of an ill-conceived shitcoin that they don't seem to believe in now. On Bitcoin no one can get away with attempting such shitty tricks, not in 2017, not even in 2012 and certainly not in the future.
@_date: 2019-01-30 01:37:21










Yes. Why are you surprised? Let me remind you that he was just another one of the pretend-majority of reddit and twitter users that were supporting the so-called UASF. He and others like him were talking against Bcash not out of principle, but only because the Bcash fraud was launched first and he couldn't get an insider seat into that, whereas the UASF fraud failed before it even launched. He was just salty and jealous. One after another, most of the UASF wannabe scammers come out openly as supporting this or that coin. This shouldn't surprise anyone since the primary goal for most of the loud public supporters of UASF was for it to be a new coin. They are just wannabe bcashers. They failed with UASF, they failed with Bcash, so they try again and again.
@_date: 2017-07-29 20:19:31


THE? [Intheoreum](
@_date: 2017-07-18 02:57:04
Their fork announcements do seem correlated with crashes.
@_date: 2018-12-14 02:17:07


Others have said it plenty of times. It's all well known.


Literally every single sentence in your previous comment was a lie. Every single one.
@_date: 2019-05-11 19:03:46


Indeed, and they have very real reasons not to trust each other about bad/controversial forks such as that (i.e. not normal soft forks from which everyone can benefit and which include a coordination mechanism for activation). Examples of such competitor attacks between miners can be seen in the hard fork that spawned Bcash (a lot of hash power was wasted there) and the so-called "UASF" (which was attempted but never forked off).
@_date: 2018-12-20 02:50:03
We need the opinion of rBitcoin's resident soft fork expert, [u/Kalin101]( of course.
@_date: 2018-12-14 00:12:46


Aren't you? How about that one time when you were telling people to install and run "Bitcoin UASF" and use that to send and receive coins?
@_date: 2018-12-09 17:18:19
This whole thing pretty much illustrates the typical "supporters" of ideas such as "user activated soft forks" (both characters) and likewise infinite block sizes and forks.
Edit: By the way, why does this username look odd to me?
@_date: 2018-12-14 01:15:19


So you are still a liar and someone who pretends to understand things which you actually don't. Got it.
@_date: 2018-12-14 00:15:55


Really? How about that one time when Kalin101 was telling people to install and run "Bitcoin UASF" and use that to send and receive coins?
@_date: 2019-05-11 18:43:54


I guess this mention was the primary reason you posted this link.
A rollback is itself a "UASF" technically (even if not semantically, but the term itself is just stupid semantically anyway) in the first place. The hypothetical rollback being discussed is the addition of a rule which makes a particular valid transaction invalid, which is a soft fork. So the soft fork u/pwuille mentioned would be a rejection of the rollback soft fork, specifically. There's a built-in command in full node software to invalidate blocks, which can be used in a case like that. This is the way all malicious, frivolous, schismatic or otherwise not well made soft fork attempts should be treated. This should show that all "UASFs" like this hypothetical rollback or like an earlier so-called "UASF" that was actually attempted a couple of years back with a lot of astroturfing, are futile at best, and very costly at worst for the people attempting them.