@_author: yoyoj
@_date: 2019-07-26 06:21:03
Look man I'm not here to change your mind. I am just offering my perspective. I recommend actually reading that book. I would send you my copy out of good will. I dunno where you live tho and probably not wise to tell random people like me anyway haha. If you don't believe it, that's fine, I am not trying to be a jerk. I'm just saying I've read several books on this topic and they convinced me man. So if you want to challenge your views the least you can do is get a book like that and think about what he says some. An Amazon review is not enough to give you the complete picture. He has a lot of data to support his conclusions.
@_date: 2019-07-26 16:43:29
No you ignored my points and made half assed attempts to look like you addressed them using combative language. Like I said, enjoy your life.
@_date: 2019-07-26 06:23:45
Yang literally addresses why unemployment is at a record low in many speeches and videos. It's because unemployment is a misleading metric. It's like saying "hey everything is fine because the sun rose this morning!" even though you are out of food and stranded in a desert. The rising sun would not be a good metric for your likelihood of survival in such a scenario right? It's the same concept here with unemployment. His answer is too long for me to want to type out here, and he says it better than I can anyway. I suggest watching Yang's joe rogan podcast interview because I recall him answering the unemployment rate critique in detail on there.
@_date: 2019-07-25 19:55:50
You're seriously out of your mind. Also love how you don't offer any solution except "do nothing". Tomorrow, if AI / robots took all jobs and we had literally no government protection for people, you're saying that doing nothing would mean people would magically survive. How would people get paid? How would people eat and afford rent? Answer me, seriously, in that scenario, how will they survive? They wouldn't. There would be chaos, riots, and eventually most likely either a communist / dictatorship dystopia sponsored by a demagogue who wants power and agrees to protect jobs, or in a naively optimistic world, a UBI. I also don't have to do the math because Yang already did it for you, fucking Google andrew yang videos he breaks it down in all sorts. Look up the joe rogan one for fucks sake man. Seriously wtf is with you asking me to regurgitate everything Yang has spelled out for us already? He even has an FAQ on his website about this WITH THE FUCKING MATH. 
Ironically you actually explained exactly why humans need a UBI in your own post -- because if people aren't needed for any jobs because it's cheaper and more efficient to use bots, THEN PEOPLE NEED INCOME FROM OTHER SOURCES. What are you suggesting people just don't eat anymore thanks to automation and you think people will just be cool with that?
@_date: 2019-07-25 19:59:01
Lmao love this retort
@_date: 2019-07-26 16:50:45
Ya I actually had similar thoughts and used to think about that approach a lot. TBH all I concluded though was that approaching it other than UBI would require essentially some form of communism. Which in my opinion is worse than UBI's flaws. Once I read a lot about UBI I realized it was probably the only serious proposal to a severe employment crisis. I also think the real challenge is that, if we don't get ahead of the curve on this then it could lead to some serious chaos. For example, if unemployment reaches 20% before UBI then I worry people will be desperate enough to demand some sort of communism or settle for a dictatorship, which could lead to all sorts of rash crazy political climates and decisions. So I guess my view is that it's worth experimenting with this now based on a lot of the evidence out there and see how it goes. If UBI is a complete disaster I think it could be fairly easily switched off / undone. Right? I dunno maybe I'm wrong about that part but seems like it's worth a shot from everything I've read. At least Yang strikes me as a smart guy who is interested in data based decisions and not pandering to the emotions of the crowd kinda stuff. I read his book as well and his arguments are very well constructed.
Anyway it's good you're thoughtful about this. Even if you disagree with UBI in the end, it's good to assess the pros and cons now while things are still pretty good. Going to be hard to assess things rationally if the "worst case" scenarios start to come true.
@_date: 2019-07-27 07:54:25
Well this is why I would actually recommend Yang's book because he does address your concerns in depth. In fact, the number one reason why people on disability don't work is because the incentive structure is incorrect. Disability pay actually incentivizes people to stay on disability for several reasons -- first and foremost tho is that people who are deemed "able to work" lose the pay. This can be determined if you start applying to jobs. So naturally, if you're on disability, and you would prefer to work, but you're worried you might lose your disability pay if you literally just apply to a job (and you may not even get one), then you obviously realize how dangerous that is. And it's not like once you lose disability you can just hop right back on it. 
Essentially something like 1% of people on disability end up returning to work. That's because the reliability of the disability paycheck is better than losing it because you tried to go to work. It's a bit ironic, but if you replace disability with UBI (which last I read, Yang says people on disability would get to choose), then having $1000 a month with no strings attached actually incentivizes you to work. And his research suggests that many people on disability would be open minded to working if that were true that they could still keep their $1000 even if they started working. The point is, if you make a miserable $12,000 a year, but you keep getting that even if you start working, then the incentivize is to actually go get a job and work because then you could even put that $12K a year towards savings. So naturally many people would be quite interested in working because they wouldn't have to fear losing their disability / survival income (thanks to a UBI), and would realize there are a lot of benefits to work (sense of purpose, something to do, ability to live a better life, save money etc).  In fact I completely agree with you about the idea that people need a purpose -- which is exactly why I don't see UBI just making everyone overnight become lazy bums. Most people would not be thrilled to quit their job and do nothing have no purpose on $12K a year. A survival income is not the same as winning the lottery haha. Which is why I agree that people will need a purpose and it's this very fact that will keep people working, making UBI a bonus, rather than a replacement to work.
Btw the disability paycheck thing is already a booming business for many ex-manufacturing workers from the 2000s who essentially realized they needed a UBI cause they couldn't find work so they started desperately signing up for disability by finding loopholes and now they're stuck on if. And since politically a UBI has been such a "crazy" sounding idea, nobody has pushed for it hard until Yang. And thankfully, Yang actually has done the research to figure out what the benefits would be and why it would actually fix many of the broken incentives.
Anyway I highly recommend Yang's book "The War on Normal People". Even if he doesn't convince you on UBI, you'll have more data in regards to your own beliefs and feel more knowledgeable in general. I think my personal observation is that, the goal is to incentivize the right behavior. Most Americans would not be thrilled to survive on a measly $12K a year. That's complete shit pay and basically enough to eat and pay very very cheap rent. Yes of course there would probably be a 1% of lazy homeless people who do nothing with it -- but those people already exist now, and there isn't any evidence to suggest that would increase by any substantial margin. Such people already are milking the disability paycheck. The goal here is to give people who are not lazy bums a better choice, and a UBI would rewrite the incentives to allow for that and incentivize good behavior. I believe most Americans are smart enough and hard working enough to see that this is a supplemental income that could be used for everything from savings to paying off credit card debt, doing repairs on the house or car, saving for college tuition, and in some cases it would be used to help start businesses or fund personal projects like music, on top of a "normal" job. And what's wrong with that? if music increases our quality of living and makes communities happier, it would be good that some people are creating art in their spare time, especially if that person is working and contributing to their community in other ways too. GDP doesn't account for that at all. Related to that, I love how Yang breaks down in detail how we could better measure our economy using more than just GDP in his book. That was one of the best sections because you realize that GDP is such a flawed and misleading metric. Probably the most eye opening section for me cause it's quite complex when you assess what GDP actually is measuring. Anyway that's another topic haha.
@_date: 2019-07-26 16:54:19
Touché. I'll check it out.
@_date: 2019-07-26 06:18:18
Dude, enjoy your future. Seriously. I wish you luck. If people with skulls as thick as yours can't fucking process basic facts like the OBVIOUS fact that automation due to artificial intelligence will replace a significant number of jobs (btw when did I say all jobs? Wtf? I'm not referring to my hypothetical scenario that was just a thought exercise to help you follow the logic), then you're either completely insane, too stupid to get it, or I dunno maybe you somehow realize you'll profit cause you own an AI company.
Best of luck bro. Read some books on this topic and maybe you'll actually start to see there is plenty of data supporting what's going on.
@_date: 2019-07-29 07:45:48
@_date: 2019-07-29 05:56:50
lol why so jabby with me at the end there. Look man I'm really busy and you're just somebody on the internet, no offense meant by that, but I don't have time to spend 2 hours writing an article for you right now. If you had any clue how hard I work right now you would probably think it's absurd I kept engaging you at all. I'm only writing you because you seemed open minded and like I said, all I've suggested is you think about reading the book because at least the book is well sourced (unlike me) and it's a lot more nuanced than my petty Reddit synopsis.
As for your post, I appreciate your response, but I still largely disagree with you that a significant amount of the working population would say "oh I'll give up all my comforts for $12K." In fact $12K a year is BELOW the poverty line. Just how many people would opt for poverty if they knew they could survive? That's the raw question. And I'm telling you, nobody knows the answer to that for sure, but from my personal life experience, I would estimate less than 1% of people are going to go "ya this awesome fuck working again". Almost nobody is going to think that dude. Especially in America where people identify their purpose so closely with work. We're not talking about some random country where people have a reputation for being lazy bums.
Also, we are talking about this as if the automation impact isn't here and increasing. UBI might be fun to debate about when the job market is pretty good. But if in ten years jobs across the board are disappearing left and right to the slow beat of capitalism, then something like a UBI is going to be necessary... or we are going to see people freaking out. And all it would take is a recession and an increase to 10-20% of jobs disappearing for there to be absolute chaos man. A UBI would at least help with this transition significantly.
Anyway I rest my case for now. I'm sorry I don't have time to give you a huge well sourced opinion write up. Probably wouldn't even convince you anyway so, again, the incentives aren't exactly in my favor to do that right now with everything I've got going on haha. If you check out Yang's book, feel free to let me know what you think, I am open minded to criticism too. The book is relatively quick read too, you could probably finish in a few full days at an average pace.  
Cheers and best of luck man! Whatever happens I hope for the best for all of us, UBI or not, I hope for good.
@_date: 2019-07-25 14:59:40
Read his book, he goes into depth there. Yang knows what he's talking about and did the math carefully. He isn't some random guy either -- dude graduated from two Ivy League schools and also has a degree in economics. Don't buy the mainstream smear campaign dude. Seriously you need to look a lot harder than a Time magazine article to understand Yang's vision, and how he will pay for UBI. Also UBI is probably the ONLY way to survive the automation apocalypse wave that is already rising quickly. Anyone who disagrees with me please offer another solution. I'm open minded. But most likely you'll just share half baked ideas that have already been torn apart and are way more flawed than UBI.
@_date: 2019-07-25 19:48:50
You either have not done your research or haven't given this topic enough thought. You are putting forward the most common argument that people who know fuck all about what's happening say, and if you actually read a book on this topic, it will tear your analogy to pieces. Washing machines, cars, and ATMs all have one thing in common -- they do not have the capability to replace human beings in nearly every sector of work. Do you know what does? Super efficient highly intelligent supercomputer fueled algorithms that can literally do upwards of 50% of ALL tasks that humans are employed to do better than humans. But that's just the tip of the iceberg -- this topic is so big I cannot even begin to sum up the nuance in a fucking Reddit thread bro. 
If you actually honestly care at all about fairly assessing whether your assertion is correct that the automation wave isn't already here, right now, and growing like a tide around people who can't swim and don't have any life vests, then I suggest you go buy a book called "Rise of the Robots" by Martin Ford and read that with thoughtful attention, because he addresses everything you said and more. Also Yang does too - and in fact even if it's true that there are infinite "jobs" despite robots possibly being better at more than 90% of them than humans, that still doesn't address the rate of displacement and fluctuation we will experience in an economy being drowned in machine learning and artificial intelligence tools developing at the speed of light all around us.
@_date: 2019-11-30 10:01:01
I think this is why bitcoin will never become mainstream. I’m a diehard bitcoin fan but honestly, I cannot *even imagine* some people I know being able to handle even basic instructions. How most of these people even function is beyond me but, I can tell you I’ve seen how few fucks most people give and they aren’t going to learn to care for bitcoin. They will just move on to whatever alternatives provide a better option.
@_date: 2018-02-01 08:06:46
...and here I was again, buying the rights, selling the lefts!
@_date: 2019-05-04 20:28:13
Lmao