@_author: ytekyk
@_date: 2014-07-07 04:49:36
Much like all bitcoiners, fact checking is apparently something neither you nor the candidate is very good at.


Nope. This is what the US government says:
**I thought that United States currency was legal tender for all debts. Some businesses or governmental agencies say that they will only accept checks, money orders or credit cards as payment, and others will only accept currency notes in denominations of $20 or smaller. Isn't this illegal?**
The pertinent portion of law that applies to your question is the Coinage Act of 1965, specifically Section 31 U.S.C. 5103, entitled "Legal tender," which states: "United States coins and currency (including Federal reserve notes and circulating notes of Federal reserve banks and national banks) are legal tender for all debts, public charges, taxes, and dues."
This statute means that all United States money as identified above are a valid and legal offer of payment for debts when tendered to a creditor. There is, however, no Federal statute mandating that a private business, a person or an organization must accept currency or coins as for payment for goods and/or services. Private businesses are free to develop their own policies on whether or not to accept cash unless there is a State law which says otherwise. For example, a bus line may prohibit payment of fares in pennies or dollar bills. In addition, movie theaters, convenience stores and gas stations may refuse to accept large denomination currency (usually notes above $20) as a matter of policy.


Hahaha, I'm sorry but that one's hilarious. That problem is caused by *not having enough* regulations. Thus, Comcast et al. may get as big as they want and not have to let others use their infrastructure. How do you think having *even less* regulations on these companies would make the problem better? Please enlighten me.
Damn, bitcoiners get dumber every day.
@_date: 2014-07-08 03:50:39
If you know that something a person that you're interviewing says is 100% wrong, you should remove it from the article. Otherwise it makes you look as dumb as he is.