@_author: ythasher
@_date: 2014-11-20 01:32:52
bitcoin security depends on game-theory.  even bitcoin itself is not secure under the assumptions you use.
| However, bitcoin users might be affected indirectly.
that is a hint that you are ignoring a game theory decision point in your analysis.
bitcoin works because the economic majority wants it to and benefits from it working.
thats not a robust cryptographic defense like chaum cash or something but bitcoin is deployment robust as it is p2p and decentralized and self-issuing, but game-theory security.  if you have better ideas than Nakamoto speak up, really its an interesting question.
sidechains is rather similar to bitcoin security model.  the sidechains paper gives multiple incentive constructions like time-shifted fees, demurrage (like security tax mentioned here).
you didnt seem to consider them in your analysis.
bitcoin subsidy itself may cross over with fees soon enough so the community needs to figure out whether or not that is game-theory stable.
@_date: 2014-11-30 23:18:20
there are different types of 2FA, some are just blind approval (type auth code) others are active (challenge response) and others authenticate the intent (how much and/or who to).
my little rhetorical question there was to point out that until they move to intent auth, blockchain &amp; coinbase customers are going to lose money every day, repeatedly while they go "lalalala" about "best-practices".  ie trezor and other intent auth systems.
@_date: 2014-11-30 18:08:45
So just a question here, from a non-blockchain user, but if there is malware on the users windows pc, how does the 2FA even help?  this problem would not be unique to blockchain but would affect coinbase and bitstamp etc. those 2FA are not checking the transaction details.
So all the malware has to do is wait until the user uses the service and then empty the wallet while the user unknowingly approves the transaction with 2FA, no?
@_date: 2014-11-20 15:59:40


Like bitcoin it depends on honest majority following the protocol, no collusion.  Collusion is dishonest miners steal via double-spend or coin theft.


There are coin theft attacks for bitcoin at 70% hashrate that would steal 10,000 BTC  in a week.  Exercise for &gt; game-theoretic proof of sidechain security, you need to introduce things like psychology and law-enforcement 
this is part of bitcoins security if you want to explore 70% dishonest theft collusion. 
in game-theory cant chose only factors that support your outcome or get selection bias.
incentives sidechain vs bitcoin are similar but not identical.  think we can agree blockchain game-theory security is weak vs computational, but this is how bitcoin works.  they both rely on majority honesty and long term self-interest.  security depends on incentives, parameter choices, self-interest and level of criminality.
@_date: 2014-11-20 08:12:35
| 1. mine for 1000 days to get 10,000 BTC in mining revenues 
from this sidechain
| 2.  attack the chain and get 10,000 BTC
someone with 70% of bitcoin hashrate has a lot more than 10,000 BTC at stake in their mining equipment.
| However, bitcoin users might be affected indirectly.
yes, and so that impacts the value of the mining equipment at stake and stolen 10,000 BTC after the attack.  you dont know if the attack wins without estimating that and the proportion of criminal ownership of hashrate in the network.
@_date: 2014-11-20 13:05:23
|you assume that an attack on sidechains will make Bitcoin less valuable.
so did you:
|However, bitcoin users might be affected indirectly.
|it can be explained that sidechains are not secure, but Bitcoin is.
your attack stated 70% hashrate attack but bitcoin itself is not secure at that rate.
|Are miners who are rational criminals?
it would be more satisfying if bitcoin could have a robust cryptographic defense.  
but one of the game-theory costs of theft is the risk and cost of being apprehended.
is theft not theft because its electronic?  it can be hard to hide a datacenter with 200 petahash in it and hard to hide the purchase, delivery and ownership.  its also relatively immobile and subject to forfeiture.
sidechains is quite similar to bitcoin security model: it relies on saboteurs to be the minority.
we dont know what miners rationale for mining is or will evolve to be.  if its hyper-rational steal anything not computationally protected bitcoin already doesnt work.  evidence suggests otherwise: bitcoin is still better than banking trust.