@_author: yuduzis
@_date: 2016-08-20 10:10:03
The vast majority of owners of large sums already know and have taken action. There remains a large number of small customers who, once notified, will flood the customer support and the withdraw queue. 
So it's not about solvency rather it's about logistics, they try to weather the first wave of angry customers and deffer the rest until they can better manage it. From a recovery perspective it's the right approach, it wouldn't help anyone if Bitfinex is swamped and can't process customer requests.
@_date: 2016-08-20 10:21:25
Of course Bitfinex is insolvent, that's why they have issued BFX coins. In regard to the 64% they released, they are not insolvent in the sense that they have enough USD to cover all 64% customer balances at current market prices. Remember that all USD balances were cut too, despite not a single USD being stolen, they hold much more USD than they owe.
Yes, they are probably short on BTC and a rapid appreciation could lead to troubles, but they could also he hedging this risk with outside parties willing to go short on BTC, there is simply no way to tell. At current market prices, they are solvent in USD and insolvent in regards to the 36% customer balances they issued tokens for.
@_date: 2016-08-22 16:21:57
Whoa there cowboy. The old TOS said nothing about their ability to transform USD in BFX tokens. They did that automatically and then forced you to accept the new terms before you could even enter the site and access the rest of your funds. You entering the site under said conditions is in no way a binding acceptance of the new terms.
Additionally, I can easily see a court ruling that the use of the provided methods to recover some of your money, withheld illegally and outside of the TOS cannot be considered an automatic transfer of the claims.
Suppose I elope to the British Virgin Island with your money, but leave you a note that you can recover a small part of that money from a certain garbage bin on a certain day, but by doing that you renounce all claims to the remainder of the money. Clearly, you partial recovery of the debt from the garbage bin, cannot be considered binding  under such extreme and unilateral conditions forced onto you.
@_date: 2016-08-23 07:28:59
Why should they retain control of the company ? This whole stock reimbursement was proposed in lieu of a distructive liquidation, they already lost the company. If the value of the company exceeds the debt, only then can they retain some control, otherwise close to 100% should be distributed.
The only way to fairly value the company is to open batches of stock for bidding to BFX holders. If there is value in the company outside investors will rush to buy BFX tokens driving the price close to nominal. 
@_date: 2016-08-13 19:00:00
From the TOS:


I believe this requirement was hoisted on them by the US regulatory authorities. Thus, they replaced a perfectly functioning single signature cold wallet with a giant multisig hot wallet where transactions are blindly signed by BitGo. 
In the resulting clusterfuck, BitGo probably locked all it's keys to limit liability leaving Bitfinex with no way to unlock the bitcoins without the customer's help. They really need the key to unlock your bitcoins, it's the User agreement you accepted, you must either convince BitGo to release the funds or provide the PDF that was offered for download when the wallet was created. Search your computers for all PDF files you can detect.
Otherwise, it's mathematically impossible for Bitfinex to release your funds without BitGo's help.
@_date: 2016-08-13 11:29:19
As others explained, they are not directly comparable. But we can make another, widely inaccurate comparison by looking at the employed hardware and suppose it would be designed for elliptic cryptography instead of of hashing.
A commercially available mining chip has a 500mm^2 die and houses about 5 billion transistors in the 28nm process. It can deliver on the order of 1000GH/s. It follows that bbout 1 million such equivalent chips are employed at this moment by the network (probably less, but more powerful, using more advanced processes etc.).
A hardware ECC point multiplier (by far the most expensive operation when cracking wallets) is available online that can do 5000 multiplications per second with 10K gates. If we apply a transformation factor of 5 transistors = 1 gate , this means a cracking chip designed with similar technology would deliver 1 million wallet attempts per second. If we were to replace all existing mining chips with cracking chips, they would deliver 1 Terra crack per second.
A 256 bit ECC private key chosen at random offers 128 bit security (as oposed to say, brainwallets which can be very insecure) . It would take 3.4 * 10^26 seconds to all keys in order to crack a specific wallet. That means about 1000 billion years to crack any of the keys that currently hold bitcoins using this huge distributed computer where all hashing chips are replaced with cracking chips.
Back to your question, if the power of this computer will continue to grow exponentially at the historic rate of 10 times per year, in about 20 years it would start to crack wallets. That however it completely unsustainable without major computing advances, quantum or molecular computing etc.
@_date: 2016-08-14 17:08:58
You need to transfer USD or BTC into Bitfinex then purchase BFX on the internal market. The more people do this, the more likely it is for Bitfinex to return to solvency and for the tokens to actually be worth 1$.