@_author: yumein
@_date: 2016-08-02 19:12:53
1 million $ are nothing for them. The questions should be if its more then 100 million $
@_date: 2015-06-27 19:45:02
Why it will not increase the costs? You will have to spend more money for the bitcoin transactions to flood 8MB of blocksize.
Or do you mean bitcoin transactions with 0 costs?
@_date: 2015-06-27 19:56:44
I hardly understand it, its too technical for me, but I will try to read it again in a couple of hours.
Anyway, you mentioned in previous posts about the facility to attack a 8MB blocksize as well with worse outcome.
I think we can make a great comparison between your assumption and the practical case.
Every Internet Provider and some Server-Administrator of big websites did once dealt with big DDos Attacks. And the worst of them are which are sheerly based on bandwidth power. When you have to handle a +100GB/s attack which is just flooding your network capacity, the only way to handle it is to have a bigger network. If you can't handle it yourself you have to call your backbone or your uplink provider. And at some point it´s just too expensive for the attacker. He can't afford to rent or to keep his botnet in condition with this horrendous costs.
It´s just a cost calculation. And the same will appear with the "malicious blocksize flooding"
The bad guys will have to buy bitcoins to fulfill their costs for the attacks(minerfee) and on long term it will be significantly more expensive to flood a 8MB blockchan than a 1MB blockchain, depending the bitcoin price.
@_date: 2015-06-27 19:11:37
Yes I agree that we will have fewer delays with bigger blocksize, but the blocksize most likely will be 2MB or 3MB on "rush-hours" and maybe still 700KB on average after hardfork. But we won't see full 8MB blocksize in the near future. So why people are fearing and calculating with full 8MB(*2 every 2 years) blocksize?
@_date: 2015-06-27 19:19:47
Do you mean with "malicious 1 MB blocksize" the flooding of the blocksize with unnecessary transactions to harm bitcoin?
So your assumption is, that it will be even worse with 8 MB, because the bad guys will fill the blocksize as well, despite the higher cost, to harm bitcoin?
@_date: 2015-06-27 18:40:13
Hi Luke, can you explain it more in detail for me please. How can miners abuse the blocksize limit increase? Do you mean nobody is willing to host a full blockchain node beside the miners?
But when the blocksize won't increase in a faster manner like I mentioned before, why there should be any change at all? The blocksize limit of 1MB will be lifted but the average blocksize will still be way under 1MB, therefore the blockchain size won't grow faster than yet.
So no need for bigger harddrives, no horror scenario !?
@_date: 2015-06-16 10:55:03
Hi Bedeho, do you earn something with this torrent client, like 1% of the total turnover or is it completly free of charge?
Anyway my proposal is to do it completly free of charge and open-source otherwise the content industry will sue you fast. 
@_date: 2015-05-31 13:45:18
The vast majority of the bitcoin community want bitcoin to stay decentralized. But when I take side for Gavin´s proposal it is not because I want bitcoin to be centralised or weakened, it is because I want bitcoin to success. If the 20mb increasement of the blocksize is too much, try to find a consensus on a smaller amount like 5mb, but I have the feeling there is nowhere a willingness on the side of the opposite dev party to find an agreement. I strongly suppose there were similar issues in the past, so the idea of Bitcoin XT arises between Gavin, Hearn and other. I am strongly standing behind the fraction who is behind the decentralization aspect of bitcoin but I am not standing behind the fraction who don't understand that we need progress.
@_date: 2017-02-03 21:09:18
Bitstamp should be avoided from anybody, last time I tried to withdraw I got following E-Mail:
We kindly ask you to answer the following KYC questionnaire:
1. What is your occupation? 
2. Are you using your Bitstamp account in connection with any business activity?
3. What is the purpose of your trading on Bitstamp? Please describe in as much detail as possible how you intend to use your trading account.
4. **What is the origin of the deposited Bitcoins**?
5. What are your future plans and activities planned on our exchange?
6. Which bank do you intend to use? Please provide the complete address and SWIFT code.
7. Estimated amount that you would be depositing/withdrawing to/from your Bitstamp account per month (in USD and BTC)?
8. We kindly ask you to help us better understand **why does the country of your IP address, from which you have been recently accessing your Bitstamp account, differ from the country of your residence**.
After answering them all questions I got even more:
Could you please be more specific regarding your statement "Earlier investments into bitcoins." - Were they purchased on another exchange? If so, **we kindly ask you to provide us with some screenshots of your bank transaction history, where fiat deposits to exchanges will be visible. Please also keep in mind to reveal the holder's name so that we are able to verify the ownership of the bank account**.
whereas I never got my withdrawel freezed with Kraken, Bitfinex, Btcc, Okcoin. 
@_date: 2015-05-31 09:26:51
At the end, the big part of the community is behind bigger blocksize being ready-to-use as fast as possible, as far as I know Gavin already call for it 2013, so the developer should consent to actively help and provide the code. 
We should decide together, the whole bitcoin community and not only the (commit)developer.
As far as I can judge the big part of the main devs are acting dictatorially, argue deeply theoretically instead just to do what bitcoin actually needs.
You have all your opinion and your opinion might be right in your personal view, but its not like we are deciding something which might destroy bitcoin, on the contrary, we want to have a fast solution for an upcoming problem. This kind of problems will occur more frequently in the future and if we don´t find a way to solve them it is more frightening then the whole discussion about the bigger blocksize.
We can decide for 20mb, or even 10 mb blocksize, so we have plenty of time to think about how to bypass the problem of insufficient blocksize generally in the future and than do it again, the hard-fork. The community will stand behind every hard-fork which is good and importante for the community and it will stand against bad influences from the government or wherever when this is a issue for the "cypherpunks group".
@_date: 2015-05-31 20:30:40
Progress, changes but also failings are crucial, even with bitcoin. The community will stand behind the project, even if we need to hard fork again, even if we need to roll-over the blockchain, now is the best time to probe. We are still in the pre mass adoption phase.
@_date: 2016-01-19 23:57:42
&lt;ironie&gt;Yes I should be really grateful about Core Dev dictator leadership including media censorship on and bitcointalk&lt;/ironie&gt;
The first think the Core Devs should do is to change to another subreddit
@_date: 2016-01-20 00:04:56
&lt;irony&gt;Yes I should be really grateful about Core Dev dictator leadership including media censorship on and bitcointalk&lt;/irony&gt;
They can be the best and smartest Devs in the world, but if they don´t accept majority will, they should step back.
@_date: 2015-05-30 22:28:04
First of all, I wish everyone in the bitcoin community getting wealthy and especially the bitcoin contributors from earlier days like all core devs.
But having 4 core devs of the decentralized non-profit bitcoin protocol working for 1 company named Blockstream is a conflict of interests itself.
Moreover, I am asking myself how much time you guys have to be able to script on bitcoin, Blockstream and maybe something else simultaneously.
A lot of guys including me contributed to the bitcoin foundation to support your work as bitcoin devs, as full time scripter.
I myself have a big internet company and I am wondering why you guys don't understand the importance of quicker development to fix issues and to cultivate the project.
When your concernings about the bigger blocksize is not because of conflicts of interests it must be because of lack of knowledge. I am more concerned that there is not enough pushment and spirit behind making bitcoin an important monetary currency. You should put all the energy to make bitcoin more user-friendly, to make it for the average guy usable. I am not saying be faster at cost of the security. But having that amount of dev should give you the possibility to be fast and secure likewise(assumed you are not working on other projects too)
Please correct me when I am wrong but people sending bitcoins with non fees / lower fees (most guys who are new into bitcoins) still have to wait nearly 1 hour for the first confirmation, because miner prefer to have their 1 mb blocksize partially filled with high-fee payer than with no fee payer, bigger blocksize increase the chance of non fee / low fee transactions being send more quickly.
@_date: 2017-03-20 16:25:27
I remember me having this talk about centralised miners 3-4 years ago, even before Asics exists, in IRC with Luke. He was the only one responding from the Devs and his position was cleary that there is no way to change the alghoritm because Asics would be an issue again for every hasing alghoritm and he didn´t see any threat to centralisation. 
You won´t find any Asic producing company in the world who will be altruistic selling their Asic miner for a fair price. This problem was clearly visible.
As a non technical person I am sure that their are at least some methods to prevent Asics being rentable. For example by changing the alghoritm every 2 years or building some kind of memory-based mining methods.
We had 4 years time to find a solution for this centralising issue and now just having BU for good reasons we have some concensus that the current hashing method favour centralisation.
We have some opportunistic natures here
@_date: 2016-01-19 23:58:46
&lt;irony&gt;Yes I should be really grateful about Core Dev dictator leadership including media censorship on and bitcointalk&lt;/irony&gt;
They can be the best and smartest Devs in the world, but if they don´t accept majority will, they should step back.
@_date: 2017-03-26 16:56:43
Honestly, having Samson Mow twitter comments on listed on first position is a shame for Samson Mow is a pathetic troll whose only humor of life is to split the bitcoin community with counter-productive primitive twitts. The guys listen to him should clearly dissociate from him and try to argue in a rational manner.
Btw. Yesterday I have seen an invitation from Roger Ver inviting Samson Mow (seems like both are in Tokio) to have a civilised argue round similar to the one with Johnny and Tone, as far as I know no answer from Samson for now. Instead he is continues doing what he can, trolling arround.
My opinion, ignore him.
@_date: 2016-01-20 12:59:22
Then the core devs should distance themself from r/bitcoin and don´t post here anymore.
@_date: 2017-03-20 22:17:44
Call it signaling or voting, its clear what I am meaning.
Yes they should be tecnically forced, because the actual core code requieres signaling for any mandatory update from 95% of the miners, you won´t reach that amount when having just small percantage of miners disagreeing or not upgrading the code because of being lazy. If they don´t agree with the new proposal they should use another code for signaling something else.
Not signaling = blocking progress !!!
@_date: 2015-07-08 15:34:43
Well, the mentioned devs from the Blockstream connection completely disagree with bigger blocksize or ignore this problem. But we need to go on now. The only possible solution to stop this flood attacks is to have bigger resource than the attacker, in our case bigger blocksize.
Every Internet Provider and some Server-Administrator of big websites did once dealt with big DDos Attacks. And the worst of them are which are sheerly based on bandwidth power. When you have to handle a +100GB/s attack which is just flooding your network capacity, the only way to handle it is to have a bigger network. If you can't handle it yourself you have to call your backbone or your uplink provider. And at some point it´s just too expensive for the attacker. He can't afford to rent or to keep his botnet in condition with this horrendous costs.
It´s just a cost calculation. And the same will appear with the "malicious blocksize flooding" The bad guys will have to buy bitcoins to fulfill their costs for the attacks(minerfee) and on long term it will be significantly more expensive to flood a 8MB blockchan than a 1MB blockchain, depending the bitcoin price.
@_date: 2015-07-08 15:07:02
So we have 5 core devs:
Gavin Andresen: Pro bigger blocksize.
Jeff Garzik: He did already some suggestions and as far as I know he is also pro bigger blocksizes.
Gregory Maxwell: Is involved in Blockstream and has a interest to NOT increase the blocksize.
Pieter Wuille: Is involved in Blockstream and has a interest to NOT increase the blocksize.
Wladimir J. van der Laan: I think he is neutral.
Guys like Luke Dashjr and Pieter Todd are still  premature imo and don´t have a clue about economics though they might be really gods devs.
More about conflict of interests: 
@_date: 2015-07-08 16:56:29
This situation is compareable with large DDos Attacks on webservices.
Every Internet Provider and some Server-Administrator of big websites did once dealt with big DDos Attacks. And the worst of them are which are sheerly based on bandwidth power. When you have to handle a +100GB/s attack which is just flooding your network capacity, the only way to handle it is to have a bigger network. If you can't handle it yourself you have to call your backbone or your uplink provider. And at some point it´s just too expensive for the attacker. He can't afford to rent or to keep his botnet in condition with this horrendous costs.
It´s just a cost calculation. And the same will appear with the "blocksize flooding" The bad guys will have to buy bitcoins to fulfill their costs for the attacks(minerfee) and on long term it will be significantly more expensive to flood a 8MB blockchan than a 1MB blockchain, depending the bitcoin price.
@_date: 2017-11-12 15:17:51
Does someone knows a SEC lawyer?
@_date: 2015-07-08 19:22:09
You are right, they have similar names :) Fixed it..
@_date: 2015-07-08 19:01:12
The potential amount of people or organisations being able to attack Bitcoin with a 8MB blocksize is a lot of lower than now. As you said no one is going to attack Bitcoin for fun like now.
Anyway lets assume someone is going to attack Bitcoin with a 8MB blocksize as well and is willing to spend $100k or even more every day.
This will have a significant effect on Bitcoin price. It will go high rapidly, because the attacker needs to buy Bitcoins constantly and when he spends them for the attack, the Bitcoins will be out of the market for a while.
@_date: 2015-07-08 15:21:42


It is at least pro bigger blocksize (possiblity)
@_date: 2015-07-08 20:10:18
*However, a big bank can easily afford 8X or even 2000X the price of this amateur spam attack. Increasing block size alone is moreso a delay tactic or a kick-the-can than an all-encompassing solution.*
This will have the same effect like the "Willy-Bot" had on bitcoin price back to 2013. The attackers have to buy significant amounts of bitcoins which will make the bitcoin price higher and more costly for them when they need to buy more. The biggest part of the mining-fee might came back into the market, but it will take some time.
*The real all-encompassing solution is Replace-By-Fee. You would submit a transaction, and if it took too long, you UNDO the send and REDO with a higher fee.*
This solution doesn't sound that bad, if you could fix the technical problem which will for example occur with merchants accepting bitcoins. I think with the mentioned solution they have to wait for confirmations, as for now its almost instantly, because you can't undo your transaction. Nobody wants to wait 1 hour or more when buying something with bitcoins in internet until the transaction being confirmed/accepted. Maybe this issue could be fixed with faster block creation intervals. So instead of 25 bitcoins per block (approximately every 15 minutes), 5 bitcoins every 3 minutes, but I think this will be even more difficult to get a consensus instead of just increasing the blocksize.
About Electrum Server, they will have to find a solution, they are not system relevant.
@_date: 2015-07-08 20:23:25
The amount miners are earning with mining-fees is really low now. 
Miner are mining for the reward of 25 Bitcoins and not to earn bitcoins with the fee´s.
Just look at the selfish miners not even accepting 1 transaction.
8MB blocksize won´t change anything about the mining fee´s but will make the costs significantly higher for spammer. 
@_date: 2015-07-08 17:45:57
*8x nothing is nothing.
This is ridiculous, for a something which wants to be the future of money.*
To make the attack successful like now, the attacker needs to spend fees. As far as I know the attacker is actually paying 0.0001 for every transaction. That will be a lot of money with 8MB blocksize.
*Let's focus on reality instead of fantasy.
It´s really ignorant to say just use fees to make your transaction stand out.*
The reality for me and for a lot of other Bitcoin enthusiast is to make Bitcoin the most worldwide used virtual currency. And a gold like currency, to protect your money against inflation, confiscation and so on.
*I don't think that's what ignorant means. I think you mean "sad" or "inconvenient".
A correctly-acting wallet should be pre-signing a number of transactions, and trying a the lower-guessed fee rate first. If it doesn't get through "quickly" it will release another transaction.*
Well it seems like it is not working well, but if you read my first post you would recognize that the only proper solution is to make the attack as expensive as possible. Otherwise, the attacker will always find a method to attack the system.
@_date: 2015-07-24 08:58:11
I have some fresh ideas for the upcoming Bitcoin-XT.
I am sure my ideas will never happen with the current Bitcoin-Core Team.
While I was several times trying to note some issues for instance in the IRC channel, I got harsh answers based on the motto "when average Joe doesn't understand he should not use bitcoins". In my opinion this is a terrible, unprofessional attitude and I personally hope we will have some more professionalism with Bitcoin-XT.
It is simply not enough to be a really good programmer, but to NOT understand economic basics of how an internet based product being successful. And it seems like a part of the programmer don't understand beside Gavin, Mike, Jeff as far as I can judge based on their behavior.
So what do you think about following:
1. GIT-Admin-Access for well known economist. The idea is to have someone in the team to beacon from another point of view than programmer do.
2. Poll like integration for Bitcoin clients. A possibility for everyone with Bitcoin to vote on important decisions. Vote faking could be prevented with a stake like system. So your vote will be proportional to your stake. Similar to share holder system.
3. Possibility to reward Developer, maybe through a fund.
4. Letter of Manifest which have to be signed from every member with GIT-Admin-Access. Which includes stuff like: A - Programmer and all guys with GIT-Access will always respect the opinion of the Bitcoin-User majority. B - The absolute number of bitcoins ever produced can't be changed.
5. Bitcoin-XT client should ask on installing if you want the full version or the light version. The light version should work without the need of downloading the complete blockchain. In general the whole system should be optimized for non nerds / average Joe.
@_date: 2015-07-08 17:29:27
With 8 MB blocksize, the attacker needs to pay 8x more money for the same kind of attack. I don´t know what you mean with it doesn´t change the equation much. 
It´s really ignorant to say just use fees to make your transaction stand out.
I think, the main part of the guys here are technically more skilled than 99% of the population. These 99% of the population need a functional money transfer system where you don't have to wait 24 hours for your transaction because you payed 0.0001 instead of 0.0002 Bitcoins.
This is ridiculous, for something which wants to be the future of money. 
@_date: 2015-07-23 17:44:43
I think all this ideas are feasible.
@_date: 2015-07-24 09:06:36
You can do constitution which never could be changed, even if user majority is willing to do. Like the constitution of several countrys, which are never changeable.
@_date: 2018-03-07 10:04:06
Be careful about OKEx. They dont let me withdraw 4.3 Bitcoins. 
I am trying to withdraw it for over 2 month now. 
But I was prohibited and my withdraws were blocked.
"We noticed that you have requested BTC withdrawal on okex. 
Your withdrawal will be unblocked after the phone call verification"
So I send them my new phone number and the unfreeze code ,so they can call me. After that they requested passport copies.
So I sent them various copies of my passport and other requiered documents, but they suddently stopped communication with me and the withdraw options remained blocked.
Finally on 18-03-05 I was able to process the withdraw on their website without giving me any reason:
BTC	18-03-05 12:06:20	Withdraw	-0.63150000	0.000000
BTC	18-03-05 00:54:31	Withdraw	-3.68650000	0.000000
But they never send me this Bitcoins to my wallets although its marked as "send" on their website. After waiting several hours in their chat and trying to reach someone on telegram I got following answer:
Charlie Okex Support:
I have been trying to release your withdrawal
But it cannot be completed
and now ?
	
Charlie Okex Support:
The system is not letting me complete your withdrawal
sounds like a technical problem. so how do you want to resolve this
	
	
Charlie Okex Support:
I'm really sorry, but it is out of my control
You will have to email our team at support
but they dont respond
And they really don´t respond on emails. So my 4.3 Bitcoins seems like being lost. They are scammer.
@_date: 2017-10-08 21:48:58
With the rules implied on bitfinex and how it defines BT1 tokens its really really unlikely that BT1 token will be worthless in about 6 weeks, because bitfinex will recognize it still as the "real bitcoin" even if the segwit2x coin will have more hashrate.
On the other side we don´t have a coin for BT2 token yet. The hardfork date is in arround 6 weeks if all goes fine. We could see some unexpected problems like delays, sabotage, bugs, only thats a risk I estimate with 50%. 
Then the value of Segwit2x I estimate 50% of Bitcoin Core coin. Thats why I am just willing to pay 25% for the BT2 token.
Anyway some risks may even exist for both token. Holding coins for such a long time on a exchange is a risk at all.
@_date: 2017-10-08 22:45:10
well but its a big complaint. 
Imagine in the last minutes before the segwit2x hardfork some big miners "decide" to not support segwit2x. 
Or something code related(I don´t know how bitfinex will handle BT2 token if there is serious delay).
Lets say the hashrate will be only 40% by then. 
Merchants, exchanges and other decide not to support the segwit2x chain. 
Will it even be released then? 
If not all the BT2 tokens will be worthless. 
Meanwhile Bitcoin Core coin won´t have such problems. 
Or am I wrong? 
Its a complicated deal with bitfinex. But its the only serious way to future trade on it yet.
Btw. I wouldn´t be so sure about Roger/Jihan as they are also involved in Bitcoin Cash.
@_date: 2017-10-08 16:37:55
Well I am willing to buy up every BT2 token. But imo the whole future distribution is not fair: 
So if you buy BT2 tokens you take the risk, there won´t be any hardfork and your tokens will be worthless while you won´t take that risk with BT1 tokens.
I estimate the risk on 50% as there will be any issues restricting the hardfork.
So I am willing to pay 0.25 btc (25%) for every BT2 token.(Still above market-rate). Just put a offer there and I will buy all, or let me know privatly, so we can do OTC deal.
@_date: 2017-10-08 23:07:38
Bitcoin has no trade mark. Its like threating someone using the word "money". Beside of that is a little bit childish and I am sure nobody will take that threat seriously.
@_date: 2017-10-08 19:20:05
Its your opinion that it is a fair construction. With the actual construction I can not pay 50% nore 40%  for BT2 tokens, beside other risks.
 
@_date: 2016-05-27 15:30:34
Hey anyone having the full list including country and address? Actual list has country and address hidden.
@_date: 2016-05-27 15:31:53
Hey anyone having the full list including country and address? Actual list has country and address hidden.