@_author: yungsonghe
@_date: 2014-01-31 20:37:25
The one X factor is the Chinese banks, because obviously there's a billion people in China and if the bank BTC China is using comes under pressure, there will be hell to pay. I also think HK is more promising in general due to it being the center of banking in Asia. Lots of high net worth investors, and lack of capital controls unlike the mainland.
[796.com]( is a licensed Bitcoin + Litecoin exchange in HK, and they accept USD/EUR/HKD direct deposits in addition to OKPay and Perfect Money. It also features 0% spot trading fees, and futures and stock trading, including shorting BTC/LTC and several stocks. Good English user interface too, with API trading support and 2FA. Volume is low, but it's been around since April yet nobody seems to know about it. 10X leverage on Bitcoin futures, with unlevered P2P lending market like Bitfinex. Stock isn't doing so hot, but I see the stock and futures trading markets growing substantially, especially in HK.
@_date: 2014-02-01 00:40:02
He's referring to BTC China possibly running bots of their own to give off the impression there's more trading activity than there actually is. It's like when Team Fortress servers run bots to make it look like there's activity to the untrained eye. It's annoying in TF2, but here it's just scuzzy. It involves real money. Look at how Huobi became the talk of the town when they started inflating their numbers. Huobi has even claimed that 60% of their users are female. They're complete bullshit, and exchanges like that inflating their numbers are making Bitcoin look like amateur hour.
Look instead to the exchanges that are licensed and don't play games, like [796.com]( They're trying to become the foremost Bitcoin stock and futures exchange in the world, and they accept USD/EUR/HKD deposits. and also have 0% spot trading fees as their income comes from levered trading and stock trading. Their volume severely dropped off when the China news hit, but that doesn't mean they had to inflate their numbers. They didn't inflate their numbers *even when their stock price* was on the line. Here the honesty of the site operators cost them millions.
So while fake trading bots may be "expected", that doesn't mean it's good for Bitcoin and it doesn't make the exchange any more honorable than the next; quite the opposite.