@_author: yung-bratz
@_date: 2017-12-25 06:50:29


…Are you trying to claim that the Federal Reserve cannot target a specific rate of inflation, usually pretty successfully? If you are, you're just straight-up wrong.


Are you talking about hyperinflation like Zimbabwe had? Yes, that's harmful. Obviously nobody's saying otherwise. 
However, inflation is not inherently bad. You can't just chock it up to a difference of opinion, really. From a *quantitative* and *mathematical* perspective, controlled inflation does not cause significant harm to the economy. Especially compared to deflation like Bitcoin.
On top of that, targeting a specific rate of inflation allows the central bank to control the money supply more freely, letting them invest in a countercyclical fashion, providing liquidity to markets and restraining speculation during booms while stimulating markets during recessions. A central bank is an overwhelmingly positive thing, and in general central banks target specific inflation rates because they have good reason to.


…No I didn't, I didn't even imply anything like this.
However I'd like to point out that if the U.S. government failed, the U.S. dollar would have exactly the same number of reputable organizations backing it as Bitcoin, which you're claiming *is* actually usable as a currency.


Just because you don't understand monetary policy doesn't mean nobody does.
Also, if you think fiat currency is "nothing-backed", you're again just straight-up wrong. Fiat currencies are backed by governments, which is literally the whole point of them. 
Bitcoin, on the other hand, is a "currency" that is *actually* nothing-backed. Nothing gives Bitcoin inherent value except for the fact that people are willing to pay money for it. This is actually in almost complete *contrast* to fiat currencies.


If you think this, no wonder you don't think controlled inflation is possible.
No, we don't print money endlessly. A lot of very smart people -- smarter than you and me -- decide how much money to print and at what rates to lend it, in order to create sustainable markets. Just because you don't understand it doesn't mean it's not a sound system.


What are you even saying? Who does?


Yes, obviously technology is growing. And yes, the majority of our money supply does not exist in any physical space. But that doesn't mean an entirely digital currency will be feasible anytime soon.
@_date: 2017-12-25 04:28:41


The U.S. dollar was *never* as volatile as Bitcoin, precisely *because* it has a government with a good credit rating backing it. There's a good reason all major reserve currencies always have been and always will be backed by governments.
@_date: 2017-12-25 05:08:57


Effectively, you're saying that a currency being able to be exchanged through a physical medium is a bad thing? Having all currency be digital isn't anywhere near realistic, and there's no real (well, financially viable, anyway) way of making a counterfeit-proof physical currency.
Counterfeiting also has a very miniscule economic effect, so the argument that it's some major drag on the economy doesn't work, either.
Controlled inflation is not an inherently bad thing at all. And, economically speaking, it's *much* better than deflation.
With deflation, when you have outstanding debt, the value of that debt increases, leading to a higher percent of total debt being defaulted on. Overall it's terrible for the economy. Controlled inflation is the opposite, and does no harm.
What's your actual argument here?


The U.S. Dollar is trustworthy and stable, because investors and USD users have faith in the institution backing it, and that the currency *isn't* being unfairly manipulated.
@_date: 2017-12-25 04:59:25
[Not really.]( The gold standard kept prices pretty stable until it ended, but it's not like there have been any crazy fluctuations since then. *Definitely* nowhere near the level of Bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-12-25 05:00:57
Inflation has nothing to do with who *has* what money, it has to do with how much money is printed. You can give everyone as much money as you want, it won't affect inflation unless you print money specifically to do it.
@_date: 2017-12-25 04:34:33
Luckily they won't since they're not stupid
@_date: 2017-12-25 08:37:05


Of course you're confused, because you make no effort to understand monetary policy, and then declare that it's broken because you don't understand it.
We don't print endlessly, because the amount of money printed yearly is very carefully controlled. It's specifically there to offset the money destroyed and increase inflation at carefully controlled rates.
Small amounts of inflation are also good for the economy. Saving or holding money does not stimulate the economy, but spending it does. A small amount of inflation incentivizes people to invest and spend their money rather than holding it, so that they can make more money instead of having their money be worth less.


Yes, most U.S. debt is intra-government debt. But these are separate organizations. Agencies borrow from the Social Security fund, for example, because that's profitable.
Your objection to intra-government debt doesn't even make sense.


1\. The gold standard was dropped *after* the start of the Great Depression. And, all U.S. dollars could be exchanged for gold until Nixon stopped that program as the U.S. started to run out of gold.
The gold standard was abandoned for a reason. It would have been literally unsustainable. We simply did not have enough gold to cover it.
2\. The Federal Reserve was created before the Great Depression, sure. But where's your proof that that had anything to do with the depression?
The Great Depression was caused by a huge stock market crash, and the subsequent failure by the banking system to meet the liquidity demands of those trying to withdraw money. The Fed has little to nothing to do with that. I know it's probably a tempting bogeyman, but if you're going to blame the Federal Reserve for one of the most-studied economic disasters in history, you should probably provide some sort of proof.


Not only do you completely lack any sort of understanding of fiscal and monetary policy, your entire timeline of Depression- to WWII-era America is just straight-up wrong too.


I mean, you're just throwing around words and names without actually knowing anything about it. You're remaining willfully ignorant instead of just doing some sort of basic research.
The abandonment of the gold standard *couldn't* have caused the Great Depression, since it happened afterwards. Plus, after the gold standard was dropped, the U.S. dollar could still be redeemed for gold. So, the Fed set interest rates for lending, but your assertion that either of these led to the Depression makes no sense.
The Great Depression -- this isn't my opinion, this is fact -- was caused by a) a lack of liquidity within banks and b) an enormous stock market crash. Neither of those directly relate to the Federal Reserve of the time, nor the gold standard, nor anything the FDR did.
I'm not here to debate whether you like government assistance programs or not, but empirically, New Deal programs *did* have a positive effect on the economy. Claiming they took the economy "from depression to great depression" is just not backed up by the numbers.


Right, but your arguments are based on either a wrong timeline or a gross misunderstanding of what caused the U.S.'s major financial crises.


Right, until the gold standard became literally impossible. [Read about what happened before Nixon stopped guaranteeing USD -&gt; gold exchanges.](




Countries began leaving the system, bringing down the value of the dollar. Plus, we literally didn't have enough gold to keep the Bretton Woods system alive. It would have been impossible.
You'd know that if you even had any idea what you were talking about.


Well then don't pretend your objection is any more than anti-intellectualism. You don't understand monetary or fiscal policy, so you conclude that it must be bad and evil and ruining the economy.


So this is where you imply that you're right because you "think for yourself", right? And everyone else is a sheep?


Lol, like who? They really don't. No major economists believe that the current monetary system of fiat currencies is inherently unsustainable or something like that.


I can tell you exactly what will happen with crypto. It's a bubble. It's terrible as a currency because it encourages holding, not spending, which is bad for the economy. It's not sustainable because the only thing holding the price up, undeniably, is speculation. There is nothing backing it if it fails. Eventually, it will crash, and just like the unregulated nature of the financial system led to the Great Depression, with no central bank or government to set policy to help it recover, people will lose a lot of money.
It's a good idea and an impressive technology, but it's useless as a currency.
@_date: 2017-11-18 17:09:53
I mean, just because he was loosely “right” about Bitcoin’s price in 2017 (he was still off by $2400, though, over 30%) doesn’t make him anything close to a “genius”.


This will never happen, for good reason.