@_author: yurixm
@_date: 2015-01-16 18:44:55
That interview was done shortly after the "new DPR" took over the Silk Road. I believe Ross Ulbricht's lawyers are claiming that he was lured back in and set up as a patsy at that time. 
@_date: 2015-01-16 18:34:49
You are the one being an idiot.  Ross obviously didn't care much about being rich.  He was living in some crappy rented house with a bunch of roomates.  He only cashed out a few thousand dollars worth of his bitcoin stash.  Probably you and your family work for government, law enforcement, or in the public sector.  So you need to justify your parasitic behavior of sucking our tax money for the lifestyle you enjoy by rationalizing that the unconstitutional drug war is just, and its ok to lock non-violent people in a cage for their voluntary actions.  You are the greedy one sucking off our tax money, you fucking retard.
@_date: 2015-01-16 18:55:58
Get a real job instead of sucking off our tax money.  You have no proof that Ross didn't donate to charity.  He seems like the type that does.  How much of your tax payer funded salary do you give to charity?
Where are his fancy cars, and fancy home, and fancy clothes and jewlery then if he cashed out so much money like you falsely claim?  You are a joke.  There is plenty of evidence he was a philanthropic type, or atleast cared deeply for the betterment of humanity, which is why he started this economic experiment in the first place:


So it seems Ross wanted to end violence and aggression, and promote freedom, which also promotes prosperity for all. He even risked his life and liberty to help achieve these ends. While you on the other hand are just a coward and want to lock people in cages and act as a roadblock against freedom and prosperity.  You want to use violence and coercion to serve your own ends.  You are a despicable person.
Also before you try to claim he is a murderer, everyone knows those claims are an obvious lie, and it was likely Karpeles as well as undercover agents setting up fake plots for PR purposes.
Once again, please get a real job and stop contributing to the wrongful imprisonment of innocent non-violent people who did nothing except put something in their body that you don't like.  Also you are guilty of treason for violating the constitution, by supporting the illegal war on drugs.
