@_author: yzera95
@_date: 2017-11-10 11:42:31
He does have a point I think. Is it not that bitcoin's value is a result of the consensus or faith of people accepting or ascribing to it value as a currency or store of value. In an unorthodox way this may be good for bitcoin as even people such as Greenspan admit it has analogous characteristics to fiat currency which could boost bitcoin's legitimacy.
@_date: 2018-03-22 20:58:52
And so we go to the very crux of the matter. I think these will be the questions that will be the main areas of contention 1. Will the possession of the bitcoin blockchain which is an immutable public ledger that allegedly contains CP (I say alleged as the contention of some is that it does not but let us aassume that it does),Will its possession be illegal or contrary to law for the reasons stated above?  2. Can possession of the blockchain data be construed as the same as possession of the CP itself. 3. What is the nature of a public immutable ledger or blockchain. Is it like the internet that being akin to a public domain (for lack of  better word) cannot necessarily be possessed in a conventional manner that the data in the blockchain is public and is not necessarily owned by the people who possess a copy of it or like the internet is not susceptible of ownership as its a medium, process or technology. Or is it simply just like a regular photo or file that its mere possession makes one liable for all its contents. 4. Does being a mere possessor of the blockchain make you liable despite the fact that one could use it for other purposes and one did not put the illicit data in the public ledger or blockchain. Does intent or non intent to possess CP matter in the circumstances as in most jurisidictions when it comes to CP it does not, but nonetheless it could matter given the facts, novelty or peculiarity of the situation. 5. Does the fact that the CP data is indirect or links or hidden or requires unconventional means to access in the blockchain have an effect on the factual issue that there is CP in the blockchain(whether there is actually CP or not) and its possession makes it illegal or contrary to law. 6. Because of the alleged presence of CP, what are the extent or acts that may be illegal or contrary to law. Is it transacting, interacting through the blockchain? Mining? possession of the blockchain? I think among others that these are the main issues of the debate.
@_date: 2018-04-17 11:53:07
Sadly with KYC.. I dont see the point in local bitcoins now..