@_author: z3bit
@_date: 2015-03-18 16:39:18
I have a couple that I just STAY on. 
Most of my time in these poker tables, and they got a lot of frreerolls.....
if you want to try first:
The rest of my time is spent here:
They have poker rooms, but i like them because I can also bet on sports there. Try them out! and hit me up on them if you see me - z3
Mainly I just play poker, I don't gamble much otherwise. The first link, they have a casino with slots and everything if you are into that. =) Enjoy!
@_date: 2015-02-13 12:55:21
They have in the past. I'll post a link to it. 
[What you are describing sounds a little bit like what happened to me with best buy over xmas. I bought a TV and the second it was purchased I got many spam trick mails from fake best buys. The timing was instant.]
As for Coinbase. 
I have a few weird things happening right now. I woke up this morning and noticed this post. 
I remember last year one of my email addresses was INDEED leaked into this list: 
Coinbase apologized for it eventually.
So it does not surprise me people are asking about this again, my impression is that if you think it, go with the gut.
One strange aspect, is this morning my bank canceled my bank card and told me they were sending a new one. They said a merchent had been breached or something and could not give me ANY info about it... except for that this was reported on feb 11. 
I made no purchases that day.
My last purchase was on the 10th, a random coinbase purchase - 
and i had not bought bitcoins in about a month before that. 
But my most recent coinbase was the 10th and now my card is canceled.
I have no idea if COINBASE is at the root of why my bank card just got canceled...but I'm suspicious. 
I have not really made many purchese with my card lately, the one for coinbase, also godaddy, mcdonalds - since feb 6. 
If anyone out there has recently used CB, and found their bank card canceled....post it here. 
Maybe if this happened to others I can pin point which merchant had the issue. Very suspicious this was coinbase...especially now that I see ppl are worried about email leaks again. 