@_author: zachb34r
@_date: 2018-03-12 15:22:10
This argument is always hilarious to me. Oh yeah i stopped watching because I stopped agreeing. 
You guys are admitting you don’t like your ideas challenged at all, even by someone as legit as John Oliver who even at his worst, really isn’t that biased. 
@_date: 2018-03-04 19:18:47
Yeah this is some pretty shocking stuff, I don’t understand how anyone could possibly think that’s a good idea in any way. It’s like he knows literally nothing about economics 
@_date: 2018-03-04 20:45:31
Thank you for this, that makes this post make way more sense. Just trying to bait people 
@_date: 2018-04-13 06:38:54
Its not a joke, the state literally has the most power in the electoral college, just because they've been the same for a while doesn't mean they will never change. Who knows who they will vote for three decades from now. How would dividing the power of the state benefit anyone, Republican or Democrat? Is too short-sighted a decision for politics. 
Yes that is what I'm implying, the way water is distributed in California is extremely convoluted and complex. Its a statewide system, which is why these problems between regions exist in the first place. The narrow minded approach would be to simply divide everyone, because these simple "agreements" about water would turn into lengthy legal battles because water is essential to everyone. And for what? More voting power in the Senate? That's simply not worth it, to anyone reasonable. 
@_date: 2018-04-13 07:23:49
Well clearly I’m just not getting through to you. I really can’t make it any clearer. 


I don’t think a productive conversation can be had with someone who thinks this makes sense. 
@_date: 2018-04-13 06:06:59
? California actually has the most sway in the electoral college, splitting the state up wouldn’t help in anyway. 
It would be about water, everything in a California comes down to water, sure the politicians have their dirty hands involved looking to feed their own interests but most of California’s disputes come down to water use. 
@_date: 2018-04-13 07:04:58


What is it 30 years ago or 100? Do you have you facts straight? Things change man, to assume California will be democrat for the next century is  just asinine. You have no legit reason to think that. Both parties have changed significantly in the past 100 years. 


Trump is an outlier. California is a very socially progressive state, someone who wasn’t so right leaning on the social issues but right leaning on fiscal issues would do amazing in California. 


Really? How would splitting up the state, effectively giving both democrats and republicans some electorates but most likely remaining comparable in number, help? 
The whole point of the electoral college is to have the majority of votes, wouldn’t it make sense to have a huge set of votes you can flip at once, therefor denying the opposing party votes while gaining a large amount for yourself? California does that. 


It is just an agreement between regions but it’s all within one state so there doesn’t need to be legislation from each state, public opinion polls for each state, Governor approval from each state, etc. All while there is internal battling between parties. 
Newsflash: The difference between multi-regional and multi-state isn’t just one word. It’s an entire level of complexity, on top of a already extremely complex system. 
