@_author: zaeron
@_date: 2014-05-07 16:58:21


Really? It isn't? That's an interesting claim, since we even hear about people who were trained in the military being unable to "pull the trigger" despite intense psychological training designed specifically to ensure that they will act on their survival instincts.


Only it does make them less effective, the mind set is fundamentally different and your background does matter when determining your reactions. We aren't robots which respond to stimulus uniformly in the same way.


Because in the kind of society you are describing, whoever is willing to use violence the most liberally will end up in charge.


Because urban gang culture looks almost exactly like the society you are describing already? Think about it:
There is no effective state (the police won't get involved). Everyone is armed (guns are cheap). As a result, people form 'neighborhood coalitions' (gangs). These gangs carve out safe spaces for themselves (territories). Once all of the available space is taken up, violent conflict between gangs begins because no one group has sufficient power to prevent the conflict. Since there is no clearly superior power, conflict becomes inevitable, and since everyone is armed, conflict causes a lot of loss of life.


No it doesn't. But having the means and ability to defend yourself **in conjunction** with the state losing its monopoly on violence certainly does.


It's funny though, because pretty much every example of a heavily armed society and a weak/nonexistent government ends up looking a lot like the Wild West.
If anything, if I were you, I'd be pointing at the Wild West as a best-case scenario. At least in the Wild West, something vaguely akin to law developed, even if it was enforced basically entirely by individuals who were willing to shoot a ton of other people.
I'd certainly rather live in the Wild West than a ghetto.
@_date: 2014-04-24 14:16:28


To be a regional monopoly in the society that you're describing, all that is required is an ability to deny consumers the choice to use other defense agencies. Basically, all you have to do is kill anyone from any other defense agency who attempts to operate in your region.
Likewise, other defense agencies will not have a strong incentive to break this monopoly because the cost of removing an existing defense agency from the region is high. As you've pointed out - war is expensive. "Liberating" some customers from a defense agency isn't cost effective.
Instead, defense agencies will be incentivized to monetize their existing customers as harshly as possible, while denying them the ability to leave the area that the agency controls. This allows them to avoid conflict and maximizes RoI. While agencies will have an incentive to poach, that incentive will be balanced by a desire to avoid conflict.
Essentially, only poor, desperate agencies will attack regions, because stable defense agencies will simply want to preserve their existing regions.
This will, of course, change as soon as one defense agency becomes much stronger than the agencies around it - at which point ,either they will form a corporation to destroy it, or it will destroy them one by one because the 'cost' will be marginal and the benefit will be significant.
@_date: 2014-04-24 14:29:10
What you seem to be missing is that the vast majority of 'peaceful people' don't want to have to employ their guns. Even if they own them, they don't *want* to use violence to defend themselves.
You're imagining a culture which doesn't exist in any first world country, because it presupposes a level of acclimatization to violence which only people in the inner cities acquire in civilian life. 
@_date: 2014-03-27 16:40:59
I downvoted this because you're essentially shouting at a dude who agrees with you because you're rushing stupidly into an argument.
If you actually read his post, what he's saying is that the value of the doge donated to the Jamaican Bobsled team wasn't measured in doge. It was measured in USD.
You need an exchange to figure out how much the doge was worth.
@_date: 2017-07-01 17:11:58


Absolutely agreed - but I think perhaps this highlights that we're not talking about exactly the same thing. The kind of market manipulation you're talking about is distinct from the kind of manipulation executed by a governing body, in my opinion.
To put things a different way - I cannot QE bitcoin. But I could do exactly what was done in 2008 to Bitcoin, in terms of market manipulation and over-leveraging the currency. Removing one avenue of manipulation doesn't inherently make other avenues of manipulation more difficult.


The problem is that this behavior was happening before QE ever happened. You might be right *now*, but in 2008 there was a huge question mark - maybe the feds would just let all the banks fail? Maybe everyone would just lose their house?
If a "promise" from the Government that it would support the industry after it utterly fucked itself was a necessary condition for the industry utterly fucking itself, the 2008 crash never would have happened. Nobody had any confidence that the government would step in and print trillions of dollars to salvage the economy.
Basically, I think you have your chicken and your egg backwards. A promise about QE isn't necessary for the banks to go apeshit and do crazy shit with money, it's necessary to convince everyone ELSE to participate in a system that they now know is rigged. The banks are gonna go bank either way. QE is what convinces everyone else to participate despite their disadvantage.


You're not missing anything exactly - the larger the currency base is, the harder it is for any individual to affect. The problem is, that's a double edged sword. If Bitcoin had a very large currency base, it would be very hard for even a group of individuals to destabilize it. However, that also means it's nearly impossible for a group of individuals to STABILIZE it. For example in a world without the Federal Reserve, a private group might set a 'floor' and say OK, we're gonna buy bitcoin for $1.00 per coin no matter what. With a small market cap, that means that a group of individuals can basically guarantee that bitcoin will be worth a dollar. With a large market cap, you can no longer rely on independent or loosely organized groups to do this - because the harder the crash is, the more incentive people within the group have to be the first to sell. I.E. if ten people agree to the $1.00 floor, and bitcoin crashes incredibly hard, each of us is holding fucktons of bitcoin that are "really worth" less than $1.00, and there are only 9 other people currently buying bitcoin, sooooo I have a huge incentive to break the deal while ANYONE is still buying bitcoin.
To try to get to the heart of the matter - you're looking at crashes as artificial events that are driven by something. In reality, capitalism has an inherent boom/bust cycle, and modern economic policy is largely built around managing this cycle - making the busts small and short, making the booms long. As far as anyone knows, it's impossible to have capitalism without this cycle. Currency management is the primary tool used to make busts small and short, and also to "moderate" booms - a 'fast' boom has a lot of wealth generated and lost quickly. We want 'long' booms, not 'big' booms. So currency management allows us to slow down and extend a boom - so we have 10 decent years and 1 bad year, instead of 5 good years and 5 bad years.


Your logic here is bulletproof - nobody is going to starve to avoid spending a bitcoin. But the problem is that from an economic perspective, we're not actually terribly worried about you buying food or paying rent. What we're really really worried about is whether you'll go to the movies or go on vacation this year. What we're really worried about is the death spiral that starts when individuals start saying "sure, I need to buy food, but I think Disney World can wait til next year, and we'll just have a small Christmas".
The scary thing about a recession is that like a bank run, it's self fulfilling - you think the bank is out of money, so you go take all your money out of the bank, so the bank runs out of money. Deflationary currency doesn't *cause* a recession, but it sets up circumstances under which recessions trigger more easily. When money is constantly becoming more valuable, people are always looking for reasons NOT to spend it. Which sounds great if you're all rah rah anti-capitalist, but if you like how things currently work, it's really antithetical to our system functioning. A recession is really just a bunch of people with money not spending it, and a bunch of people who have jobs that rely on other people spending money suddenly being unemployed. At that point, things start to cascade up the chain.


I still think this is how QE should have been done. One of the big dangers, though, is the "What if they just pay down their debt" question - because that's exactly the opposite of what you want. The assumption was that keeping existing corporations running and employing people had value. I think 2008 was very interesting because it's really the first time in human history that a major depression was actually averted/delayed. Unfortunately, I think the next time we do QE, we'll do it exactly like we did this time, if only because *it worked at all* and a lot of people are still stunned about that. I think there's a certain level of "holy shit if it actually can avert a depression DON'T CHANGE ANYTHING DO IT EXACTLY LIKE THAT AGAIN" simply because the consequences of an actual depression are so horrific and long lasting that they basically define entire generations.


I agree there's a certain amount of hyperbole here - I'm used to people preaching the immediate end of all non-crypto currencies when I come in here. ;) 
There are almost certainly other ways of preventing depressions, and I doubt QE is the 'good one' - it's just hard to give it up when it's the only one we KNOW works at all.
@_date: 2017-06-30 05:33:10
Day late and 0.00040 bitcoins short, but hi!
QE is unfair on the general population, but arguably less 'unfair' than simply allowing them to get absolutely wrecked in a depression. The natural outcome of a market crash like that is a fairly disruptive depression which (based on past depressions which had limited or no intervention) usually ends worst for the middle and lower classes.
I don't understand exactly what you mean by "false stock market belief", but my guess is you mean that it basically artificially inflates confidence? My counterpoint would be, it's not any more artificial than any other aspect of currency, bitcoin or otherwise.


I don't follow this argument at all. What evidence do you have that larger currency bases are less volatile? We just watched a gigantic market crash in 2008, one so large that it took the largest currency intervention in human history to simply make it a huge recession instead of a literal Great Depression V2.0 - and the "market cap and liquidity" in that market was literally the entire market cap and liquidity. All of it.
I suppose "falls down less often but just as explosively" is sort of less volatile, but I'm not sure "well, sure, we're giving up all of the ways we can manage a market failure, but it's cool, because it'll only fail once every 30 years instead of once every 5" is actually a compelling argument.


... I guess I find this hard to understand, since it's sort of a "theory" the way "gravity" is a theory? Like, you're pretty much challenging one of the most accepted and well supported points in all of economics. People like to poke fun at the "rational actors" jokes, but humans are actually largely capable of making sound decisions on individual points - when currency is appreciating, people begin to view it as an investment tool and use it to store wealth instead of spending it. You're literally in a community that's been dealing with the impact of that - most people hold bitcoin as a speculative tool rather than to spend it. The best thing to do with your bitcoin at the moment is put it in your mattress and wait for it to be worth more.


It's really easy to argue against a current system when you point out all the worst aspects of the current system and handwave stuff like "well sure we have no way to prevent another Great Depression, but it's a feature, not a bug!"
@_date: 2017-06-27 18:11:59
For the love of all that is good in the world please go take an econ course - and not from zero hedge.
@_date: 2017-06-27 19:46:38
Hey just letting you know - this is more than I can do justice to on a phone from work. I'll try to shoot you a real reply tonight!
@_date: 2017-06-29 14:18:38
Have you ever looked at what happens in places that have explosive inflation or deflation? Because it doesn't work at all like you seem to think it will.
When people lose trust in a currency they'll find another way to exchange value. Your fantasy world where bitcoin is the only currency will literally last as long as it takes for someone to start using bottlecaps or baby kitten skulls or gold as a shadow currency.
And at that point, you have a currency nobody trusts AND nobody has any way to use monetary policy to fix that.
@_date: 2017-06-27 19:03:17
I think botcoin or something like it will basically replace "cash" as the untracable currency of choice in the future. When nobody carries cash and all money is linked to your ssn or whatever type of ID we end up with, cryptocurrency will be the unmarked bills of that generation.
@_date: 2017-06-28 15:28:22
It'll at least get you out of "lol the US prints money  to buy time and fuck the kids over" territory.
@_date: 2017-06-27 18:31:27
The issue is you're actually getting to the heart of why Bit c oin might not be a good currency substitute.
Being able to adjust the value of your currency is a good thing. Your currency spiking sharply and dropping sharply in value is a bad thing.
Think of it like this - in a world where bitcoin is our currency, milk cost 5 bucks last month and costs 3 bucks today and might cost 6 next month. No big deal, yeah?
Except my RENT went from 1100 to 700 to maybe 1250. Those are massive swings. You can't reliably make financial decisions at that point.
QE is a method of managing those swings. Bitcoin by design has no method of managing those swings.
@_date: 2017-06-28 15:27:19
I mean over the long term stocks will return you 8-10% per year, and the longest crash in American history lasted less than ten years. Stocks are about as safe as they come as long as you shift enough to live on for ten years out of stock when you approach retirement.
@_date: 2017-06-27 18:43:36
Sure but that only works if we don't use bitcoin as value.
I can sign a contract in American Dollars and have reasonable confidence that next year my ten American Dollars will be worth about that.
If I sign a contract to pay my rent as .47 bitcoin per month, I am FUCKED if Bitcoin goes up 50%.
There's also a lot of interesting economic theory about why a decentralized decisionmaking body is actually way less reliable than you think - people en masse are usually irrational, as we can see every time btc crashes.
My favorite investment advice - wallstreet is a bunch of people who have somehow gotten convinced that they should fill their tank and do lots of driving when gas is $3 a gallon, but buy a bike when it goes below 2.50.
@_date: 2017-06-28 15:24:54
Why would it stay far more static? It's not an inherent property of currency to stay static. Currency stays static because it is manipulated to do so.