@_author: zambonix
@_date: 2019-08-27 23:50:04
I was replying to your comment re: loss and scams, not the earlier one about ease of use. It annoys me that i have more secure passwords on accounts for games on my phone than i have on my bank accounts, because bank security is so lame (low max password length).
I have no solid objection to your point about managing multiple accounts; however I am more optimistic than you are about the future of the personal financial management UX under crypto. My personal experience with doing this in USD (mortgage, retirement, business, checking, savings, investment) is a far cry from "easy". Different banks, different interfaces, weeks of processing time, and all the infernal useless paper mail that can't be turned off...and that's after the industry's had decades to develop better solutions. The banks don't have much incentive to make it easier for you -- they only do it to reduce their own costs and perhaps attract new customers with "features". But so few people actually \*use\* all those capabilities, beyond paying their credit card bill online. It's like when people buy a fancy home entertainment system with a jillion settings and features, but all they ever do is press "power on" and "power off".  Do you really feel the situation today is so sweet?
I think that crypto will open the door for true innovation and developments built for users, not for banks. With the banks out of the way (i.e. mass adoption), there's a whole new market for developers to create all-in-one personal financial management tools. Is it really so hard to imagine tools that resemble Mint, Quicken, YNAB, etc -- except they're totally self-hosted, and include the ability to not just view, but also directly manipulate funds -- without routing through any 3rd parties? That doesn't sound like science fiction to me. That's when we'll \*really\* get to see stuff designed to help people mange their money better (rather than to line the bankers' pockets).
@_date: 2019-08-25 14:46:57
Sure; they took the hit when their own laughable security was compromised because it was THEIR FAULT the theft was even possible in the first place. Try dropping your billfold in the river and see if the bank covers that! Those simple scams (skimming, hacking) don’t even work with crypto so this point seems moot to me.
I’m intrigued that losing a crypto wallet is seen as some kind of new, high-probability risk. We’ve been losing our wallets for millennia with the same stakes. Crypto is no easier to misplace than paper or plastic. That’s why you don’t carry your life’s savings around in your pocket every day.,. Am I missing something?