@_author: zanctmao
@_date: 2017-10-03 04:01:55
So. No judge has ever asked your firm for a password. A prosecutor has gotten a judge to sign off on a search warrant, which is different.  Judge is only looking for legal sufficiency, not ability to produce. That's on the prosecutor. 
But you're missing the point. Wife says "my soon to be -ex has blah blah amount of crypto currency" Judge says "is that true?" you say "sure, but I lost the key or I can't get it without my friend here granting access" Judge will either order friend to grant access or risk contempt (indefinite jail) or they'll say to you well that's too bad Hopefully you remember the password, because if you don't I'm going to assume that your wife's high end estimate is right, and split the marital assets based on that assumption. 
Hiding money is hiding money. They've been dealing with this since they put on the robes in family court. The fact that it's hidden in a new way doesn't change the fact that they know how to make it hurt to keep it hidden. 
But as I said, you do you. 
@_date: 2017-10-03 02:37:54
So I think you and I are coming at this from two different perspectives. You're saying it would be easy to perjure yourself. I'm not disagreeing with that. I'm simply saying it would be extremely foolish to do so even if there's a low risk of getting caught.
@_date: 2017-10-03 05:18:57
Oh you sweet summer child. It's never been close to crystal clear. 
@_date: 2017-10-03 04:21:31
I mean look I'll lay my cards on the table. I'm an attorney (though I don't do family law). It isn't the judge you really have to worry about. You have to worry about the spouse's attorney. The judge will simply listen to the arguments and make a call. If the lawyer is good (and the good ones already know about crypto currencies) then he'll be presenting a motion for contempt, and that's where the judge shines. The fact that they don't know the technical side is besides the point. They know the law and they know how to seize actual assets. Have you won anything if she gets your house, cars, retirement accounts and everything else? 'cause that's what could happen. 
But the big picture thing here is you are thinking about outsmarting the judge. I'm talking about playing it safe. Lots of people are in prison because they thought they were smarter than the judges/prosecutors/police. You can gamble on it. I wouldn't. 
@_date: 2017-10-03 03:37:00
Judges aren't dumb. If you play the "I forgot" game they'll just impute the income to you and give her all of the house instead of half of it. Or all of the retirement accounts or whatever. It's almost never worth playing that game. But you do you. 
@_date: 2017-10-03 01:16:23
It is if you file a declaration with the court listing your assets, and you state that you "forgot" the access but you didn't. Then you have committed the crime of perjury. I mean I get that you're being cute, but a perjury conviction follows you for life, and sucks badly. 
@_date: 2017-10-03 04:50:18
Ah. You clearly don't understand what I'm saying. No judge is going to force you to remember a password. The judge is simply going to say "well I've been around the block, So you and I both know you didn't forget the password" Then he's going to take the highest estimate for the value of your cryptoportfolio put forward by your wife and add that in with all the family assets when dividing the marital estate. So the marital estate will be wallet + physical assets (house, car, etc) + cash + other non-cash assets. The judge will divide as they deem fair. Then they'll award you the wallet + whatever it takes to get to 50%, and they'll award her the other 50%. (assuming a 50-50 split). If she can allege that your wallet is worth more than 50% of everything, then she'll get everything and the judge will order you to pay her $x amount to make up the difference. 
You can decide if "forgetting" your password is worth that. 
@_date: 2017-10-03 00:15:20
Well... if you lie to the court and it gets figured out, you get effed. 
@_date: 2017-10-03 05:09:10
It comes down to a balancing test. Does the judge believe the money was hacked or that you were hiding it? If the judge believes you, then no worries. If they don't then they'll assume you're hiding it and act on that basis. 