@_author: zanielz
@_date: 2015-06-01 17:30:16
Let us say your a Narco-war lord and you notice your clients are now getting their fix through the mail. Your revenue in New York has gone from 10million to 5million what would you do?
a. throw your hands up in the air and be moan your ill fortune?
b. hire a hacker to track down the person cutting into your business and pay them a personal visit. Kill them, their family, burn the house, shoot up the neighborhood - send a message. Then take over their website your self.
Which scenario seems more likely.
@_date: 2015-06-03 19:05:32
I find it adorable how people have faith in their systems. There is NOTHING that can not be hacked by a motivated person/group.
@_date: 2015-06-01 17:02:55
So you are Dan the Drug dealer and you notice your revenue of 10million had dropped to 5 million because your tech savvy customers are getting their kicks through the mail. What do you do?
Well there are some very nice hackers in Russia, south Korea, your local hacker space who can track down these people cutting in on your business, then you handle it the same way you would someone stilling your street corner. Kill them. Their family. Burn the house. Shoot up the neighborhood - send a message. 
@_date: 2015-05-31 05:42:45
Violence does not disappear because you can not see it. Where do you think Cocaine comes from? Most of the cocaine produced in America comes from south of the boarder. Produced by very violent cartels. Shipping it through the mail does not make those cartels less violent, it just meant addicts in America could get their fix from the mail box. Do you have any idea how many people have been murdered because of the Mexican Narco-wars? The whole country is a hot bed of violence and the money paying for it comes from the coke habit of Americans. If you legalize drugs who do you think will be the companies making your fix? America bought toys from china tainted with lead, drinking water has hormones and antibiotics and you want to let companies sell your narcotics? If they put tar in cigarettes why do you think they will put in heroin?
@_date: 2015-05-31 05:17:48
120 million dollar will by about 40 TONS of cocaine. That is about five or six elephants worth of cocaine. That is a lot of drugs any way you count it.
@_date: 2015-05-30 00:30:56
Suggesting Ross created and online market place with THOUSANDS OF USERS (think of an entire super bowl stadium full of individuals) and sales of at least 1 billion dollars to “use economic theory as a means to abolish the use of coercion and aggression amongst mankind” is about as truthful as a child molester claiming their monstrous acts are about 'love.'
Anyone who has ever known a drug addict, has had to deal with the bottomless hell their life sinks into will know that selling hard core controlled substances had got absolutely nothing to do with promoting freedom of choice and everything to do with money.
@_date: 2015-05-31 02:21:01
I can't fathom that argument in the first place. "my son died because he was a suicide bomber, let's not blame him for blowing himself up let's blame ISIS for indoctrinating him." I mean it only goes so far, and of course it's sad that people become terrorist but they would have probably become suicide bombers regardless of ISIS,  and still died them. The US legal system is one fucked up system.
Do you see why your argument is silly? Your logic would not work for any other crime, it should not work for a drug dealer.
@_date: 2015-05-30 02:51:27
He FACILITATED THE SALE OF 1 BILLION DOLLARS (100,000,000) OF DRUGS!
He is not a hero. He is not a visionary. He is a thug with a computer. 
Remember the thousands of south american kids running across the rio grand? They were fleeing DRUG WARS. The very vendors Ross was connecting with buyers.
Drug money pays for drive-bys. Drug money pays for Narco wars in mexico and the mass graves. Drugs helps keep prositutes strung out on the corner spreading STDs.
This guy is helping to spread a cancer in society. He made MILLIONS off the addiction of others and got what he deserved.
@_date: 2015-05-31 02:35:18
Of course suicide bombing is a terrible thing, and it should not have happened. But that said: I don't get why the parents were testifying that its ISIS/Al Queda's fault for calling for a Jihad. It's their fault for not raising their kids properly and making sure they did not blow up a airplane/Boston marathon/world trade center.
Now do you understand why your argument is silly? He is a criminal, he enticed others to commit a crime, he helped other criminals expand their business. He went to jail. 
@_date: 2015-05-31 04:07:09
No that would be why I VOTE and remain politically active. 
@_date: 2015-05-31 03:54:27
So . . . all those violent drug cartel folks loose in south /central America you know those friendly folks who supply the cocaine? You really think they stopped killing people because they could ship snow via the mail? are you naive or high?
@_date: 2015-05-31 00:47:19
[–]pokymastr 5 points 8 hours ago 
Of course overdosing is a terrible thing and it should not have happened. But that said: I don't get why the parents were testifying that its Ulbricht's fault. It's their fault for not raising their kids properly and making sure they didn't do drugs.
Let me show you why your argument is silly:
Of course suicide bombing is a terrible thing, and it should not have happened. But that said: I don't get why the parents were testifying that its ISIS/Al Queda's fault for calling for a Jihad. It's their fault for not raising their kids properly and making sure they did not blow up a airplane/Boston marathon/world trade center.
Now do you understand?
@_date: 2015-05-30 23:58:04
What about the poor people in south America being terrorized by drug cartels that were supplying the cocaine on the silk road?
What about the poor people in Afghanistan being blown up by people who make money off heroin?
What about all the kids born to drug addict parents tax payers have to feed, house and treat for withdrawal?
Poor Ross indeed.
@_date: 2015-05-30 00:20:26
McGill University News and Events
Cocaine addiction, craving and relapse
Paradigm shift in treatment of addiction holds promise, thanks to epigenetics
Published: 26 May 2015
Researchers from McGill university suggest the withdraw symptoms suffered by drug addicts effect their genes, making succeeding generations more prone to addictive behavior.
Still think life in prison is a light sentence for someone who facilitated the sale of at least a billion dollars of narcotics?
@_date: 2015-05-31 00:24:28
Riots are for the ignorant and in-effective.
So you burn down your neighborhood, cause insurance rates to rise and chase any none liquor store/pawn shop business out of your community.
Congratulations: you are still at square one. Only now it is a smoking waste land.
Gay marriage and legalized weed did not become law because of a riot.
Want change? Go vote, raise money and lobby. It is not rocket science it is politics.
@_date: 2015-05-31 00:12:20
The people supplying Silk Road's drugs were criminals.
Getting cocaine through the mail does not magically make the drug cartels killing people all over south America magically disappear.
Remember the thousands of minors crossing the rio grande? they were running from drug wars and rival gangs who make money off sites like silk road.
Ross' hands are not clean. He got what he deserved.
@_date: 2015-05-31 00:36:30
He facilitated the sale of over a BILLION dollars worth of sales, one account I read said he had over 4,000 individual users. Has it occurred to you that perhaps some of the suppliers are the same drug lords of south and central America making life hell for half this continent?
They are finding mass graves in Mexico filled with burned and chopped up bodies. Those are Ross' suppliers.
Their are people being blown up in car bombs in front of their children: those are Ross' suppliers.
How does helping them get their cocaine to market easier make the world safer? 
Or are you naive enough to think their violence will never come north of the boarder? You think they will make all that money and just stay home?
Ask people who live in Nevada, Arizona, Texas and California about the drug cartels coming over.
@_date: 2015-05-30 23:43:08
I do not understand why so many people think Ross is a hero. 
He facilitated the sale of illegal addictive mind altering substances - 
He did not care if it was a ten year old with mommy's credit card or a surgeon who was due to operate on your kid.
His suppliers are the terrorist in Afghanistan (heroin/poppy) and the drug lords of south America who are enslaving people and burning down the rain forest.
Remember all those kids who crossed the rio grand without parents to get away from gang violence?
Those are Ross' suppliers/vendors.
He did not sell drugs to promote libertarian politics, he sold drugs for money. 
The only difference between him and John Gotti is he had a keyboard.
@_date: 2015-05-31 01:00:16
[–]lodewijkadlp 47 points 10 hours ago 
I really hated how this article ended with sad stories about overdosing. When is the last time Heineken got blamed for deaths due to alcohol? Ford for vehicle deaths? Online selling was said to have far greater quality assurance, helping to REDUCE overdosing.
Very sad way to end the article.
How would you know? Emts rush in, find who ever on the floor dead do you think they checked the computer to find out where the drugs came from?
Companies fake reviews on yelp and amazon - you thing DRUG DEALERS would not stoop so low to fake reviews too?
