@_author: zaphine
@_date: 2013-05-01 16:58:34
Yes, inexcusable is the right word. There are lots of updates they could post that wouldn't affect legal action against them. It gives the impression that at best, Shtylman doesn't care about other people's money, and worst, he has absconded with it. Shady. 
@_date: 2013-05-01 23:20:34
I agree with OP totally. No updates and no apologies on his web site tells me that he's either:
1) completely unempathetic towards his customers, or 
2) overwhelmed by how much he has unintentionally screwed everyone and hoping it will somehow go away if he doesn't do anything, or
3) coldly calculating that stalling for time is his best option
He's a young man and possibly not aware of how the failure to pass this ethical test will limit his career and relationships in the future. He should immediately email everyone an apology, post scans of any relevant bank correspondence, honestly state how much clients can expect to get back, and then start mailing out checks. 
Instead, he's coming across, at best, as a scared nerd with Asperger's syndrome, and at worst, a sociopath.
I have a little under $10k tied up.
@_date: 2013-05-01 07:36:57
I have the exact same situation as AONomad. 
I transferred a bunch of money to bitfloor on the same day they said their bank account was closed. The money transfer went through and it shows up in my account at bitfloor, but there's been no effort on Mr Shtylman's part to return the money to me. 
As the OP pointed out, there haven't been any meaningful updates to the bitfloor.com web site, much less emails sent to account holders. It's possible Shtylman's attorney told him not to post anything, but in my opinion the more likely scenario is that his business doesn't have enough assets to reimburse its account holders and Shtylman is hoping that the longer he stalls on reimbursements, the less the furor will be when it becomes clear he's taken everyone's money and lost it.
Shtylman doesn't seem like a very mature person from the videos I've seen of him online. It is striking that there's no apology on his web site or any assumption of fiduciary responsibility. I don't think he has enough empathy to realize how other people feel about their money being in limbo right now, otherwise he would post an update on his site. If he doesn't return my money, I will be very, very angry. I will basically think he's a thief and I will do what I can to make sure his shady reputation follows him to any new entrepreneurial venture or job interview. 
But, if he returns the money, then everything will be fine.
@_date: 2013-05-06 01:28:31
I'm in -- about $10k here. I'll PM you.