@_author: zaratustra99
@_date: 2016-09-30 02:35:44


Well, it is also good for the customer that you can so easily trace his whereabouts. The bank can literally see you walking around on a map, but indeed, the mobile phone company could already do that.


Fantastic! All that we need now, are new reasons to force you to pay! ;-)
@_date: 2016-09-29 03:58:34
This is excellent news. The false trust in the banks must be punished in order to rein in the growth of the despicable fiat religion. More money should be seized.
@_date: 2016-09-16 01:53:57
If SE is not verifiable then the use of SE does not represents provable security but the blind trust in particular SE claims. Trezor are absolutely right not to trust unverifiable SE claims.
@_date: 2016-10-06 03:32:14
Trading means: Either you want it fast or else you want it cheap. You cannot have both. People providing liquidity (limit orders) want it cheap. People taking liquidity (market orders) want it fast. A market organizes a tradeoff between both types of buyers/sellers. If you take liquidity, you will have to pay the traders offering liquidity, because otherwise, they will not offer it. If price matters to you, you should be able to be patient, no? Why don't you patiently offer liquidity, if you want to be paid a fee, instead of paying one?
@_date: 2016-10-06 03:27:32
It also means that the one providing liquidity has made a 10% margin. That is the difference between limit orders -- inviting to a deal and announcing a price -- and market orders -- taking up an invitation and the price that goes with it. It is the same on any exchange. When you are not patiently waiting and providing liquidity, you will have to pay a fee to the traders who do. You cannot buy at the average market rate. With a market order, you will pay more than that. With a limit order, you will pay less than that. If the liquidity fees are high on localbitcoins, what stops you from publishing an ad and providing liquidity too? If you are patient, you too will get paid a premium for doing that. You cannot have it both ways: cheap and fast. Pick one.
@_date: 2016-10-06 03:47:09


Imagine that you want bananas. So, you just walk into the supermarket, pick a few, pay, and leave. That was fast. Imagine you are a farmer and you want to sell bananas. So, you just drive your truck to the supermarket, dump your bananas there, get paid, and leave. That was also fast. There's one catch however. There is a need for someone to create a buffer of bananas -- liquidity in bananas -- where shoppers can pluck from and farmers can dump into, and who will patiently be sitting there, waiting for both shoppers and farmers to do that. How does this patient person get paid? Because otherwise, it will obviously just not get done. Well, he buys from the farmers who want to dump fast, fast, at a discount, and he sells to the shoppers who to pluck fast, fast, at a premium. People publishing ads at localbitcoins provide liquidity. That is why they have to charge a fee. If the fees are too high, it means that not enough people are providing liquidity. Hence, it is an open invitation for you to go over there, publish your ads, and rake in the fees.
@_date: 2016-10-20 15:18:03
Just tried it. Looks even worse than the other debit card sites. They incessantly and unexpectedly send SMS messages that do not even arrive. Just gave up on them.
@_date: 2016-10-06 03:38:21
If lbtc is expensive, it means that there is not enough liquidity. That is why its fee for liquidity goes up. It just means that more people are supposed to be attracted with a view on collecting these fees, and publish their ads to that effect. Unfortunately, most people just do not have the patience to publish their ad and wait until someone in need of liquidity takes up his offer. People want it both fast AND cheap. This is not possible. It is fast OR cheap.