@_author: zaratrui
@_date: 2017-07-04 15:35:05
Right, that's suspicious but again it's no proof. A PGP key doesn't have to be uploaded to a keyserver to be valid. It's generally a good idea to do so because it's convenient and I can't imagine why he wouldn't have done it but it's still plausible. Furthermore anybody can upload a public key to a keyserver, not only the owner.
If you want to play the devil's advocate you could imagine that Satoshi made this key in 2008, didn't bother uploading it on the keyservers for some reason then years later somebody (not necessarily him) finally uploaded it. Weird? Sure, but completely plausible.
The smoking gun really is the fact that the key itself seems very modern. That seems a lot harder to explain away.
@_date: 2017-07-10 12:46:41
You might have a dynamic IP address (as mentioned underneath the picture). That makes the feature a bit useless and error-prone IMO, since most internet users have a dynamic IP. Better teach people how to pin HTTPS certificates if they want security.
@_date: 2017-07-04 15:05:43
You can't really prove that a key is backdated, at best you can get a very strong suspicion (as is the case here).
Nothing prevents you from creating a PGP key right now and uploading it to the key server two years from now. It might just make it slightly more difficult for other people to get your key if they're used to using the key server, but at any rate simply fetching a key from a keyserver is not sufficient, there's no guarantee that the person is who they claim to be. Or upload your key to the keyservers but host a fingerprint at some trusted location.
For this reason people generally host their public keys on some domain they control (preferably over HTTPS) so that people can easily download and verify them.
So, to sum it up: you should never ever trust the keys fetched from PGP keyservers. Anybody can upload any key and the servers won't even try to find obvious fakes because it's mostly pointless and you'll always end up with convincing fakes anyway.
I could make a PGP key for "bomtom1 dated from 2004, upload it and it'll be accepted.
@_date: 2017-06-21 15:31:52
They authenticate their tokens with a secret key. That makes it impossible for an external attacker to make a convincing fake (they won't be able to sign the imitation) but you still have to trust the opendime people (both not to sign bogus keys and also to protect their master key from thieves). How is adding a single point of failure on top of bitcoin a feature?
And even if everything is done correctly, you fry the key and it's game over since by design you can't create any backup. It must have been fun to make but it's just a toy as far as I'm concerned.
@_date: 2017-06-24 08:02:35
No, the claim that ASIC chips can't be turned off without melting is ridiculous, how would that even work? Some chips need to have a properly sequenced power up in order not to damage the chip but that's also true for CPUs and GPUs and not exactly rocket science. Or do you think that if there's a power outage in the mine they buy a whole new batch of chips to replace the melted ones?
They mine empty blocks because there's an incentive to do so, if they lost money by doing it they'd idle in order to save on electricity. It would also increase the lifetime of the ASIC by reducing the dynamic power consumption of the chip even if it remained powered up, so the very opposite of melting really.
@_date: 2017-06-20 20:53:01
If you can't afford to spend less than $2 per month in storage how can you even afford to run a full node to begin with?
If bitcoin is to scale to the levels of transactions seen by big payment systems the data will have to be stored somewhere eventually. With side-chains we can offload some of the data but eventually something has to be recorded on the blockchain proper.
If bitcoin is successful in the long run we'll most likely end up with a terrabyte-sized blockchain, one way or an other. I'm sorry to be the bringer of bad news but your dell laptop from 2008 will need an upgrade somewhere along the way...
As others have pointed out there are some real potential issues with bigger blocks, such as increased network bandwidth usage. But claiming that a max HDD usage of 420GB/year is unbearable is a bit of an overreaction IMO.
@_date: 2017-06-20 17:49:31
Storing 420GB/year is not really a problem even if the price of hard drives was to stagnate at the current value instead of following the steep downwards trend we've been seeing since... basically forever.
See for instance: 
6TB for less than $200, that should last you *at least* 14 years even at the maximum rate of 420GB/year. That's assuming that the drive doesn't fail first of course. Of course if you want to run the node on your iPhone that's a problem, but the current block size is already too big for that anyway.
And there's no particular reason to think the drives won't keep getting cheaper in the near future.
@_date: 2017-06-24 00:33:39
I'm just setting up a node at the moment (it's downloading the blockchain currently). Are you sure you need to manually open a port in your firewall? I noticed that bitcoin core uses miniupnpc as a dependency so I thought it'd take care of forwarding the ports it needs trough UPNP. Was I wrong?
@_date: 2017-06-21 15:18:52
I'm not sure those things are great ideas to be honest.
I basically have two concerns:
First, like with those physical bitcoins containing a private key, you need to be absolutely certain that nobody was able to dump the secret key from the stick without "unsealing" it. If the hardware is well made it should be difficult to do so but if the key contains a big amount of bitcoins the incentive to invest time and money to hack it becomes pretty huge. An other possibility would be to re-seal a new key, or simply make a good copy with your custom chip running on it. How can a seller be sure he's accepting a legit "opendime" or a good copy? Those wouldn't be very difficult to make I wager. You basically have all the problems that bank notes and coins have except with the added complexity of sensitive electronic components on it.
Basically as long as this thing only holds a small amount of coins it's probably worth the risk, but then the price of the token itself becomes significant (the token itself is a little more than $10 apparently). If you put a ton of coins on it the price of the token becomes negligible but the incentive to hack or clone it becomes huge. I wouldn't take the risk of accepting one myself, when a proper bitcoin transaction is a lot less risky and probably more convenient anyway.
The second risk is what happens when you plug the USB. I definitely wouldn't be comfortable plugging some random USB device into my cash register. All sorts of things could go wrong, from frying the register's USB port to auto-executing some virus on the (probably severely outdated) OS running it. And what happens if it's a malfunctioning cash register frying the token? How do you retrieve your keys then?
So overall it's a funny gimmick but I can't really see much value for it. The whole point of bitcoin is that you don't have to trust anybody, with those sticks you have to trust a whole lot of people (from the chip maker to the people flashing the secret key).
@_date: 2017-06-22 17:04:47
The problem of the cost of running a node is an interesting one, and definitely something that needs careful consideration. That being said the calculations in this post are completely bogus and makes it hard to take the author seriously.
The accurate equation is much simpler so why even bother with those weird extrapolations? It's `blocksize * number of blocks`. At one block every 10 minutes on average that's about 52560 blocks per year.
With the current limit of 1MB per block, that's at most ~55GB every year. With a 8MB block this jumps to about 440GB per year. Some think that's already way too much for small nodes but at least it's not the ridiculous number quoted in the article.
Now obviously, with a full on-chain solutions some advocate, a single bump to 8MB won't work forever. Eventually as the number of transactions will increase and fill up the bigger block, and then people will petition for an even bigger block. If that increases faster than the price of storage drops, we'll have a problem eventually. There's also the problem of the bandwidth required by the nodes to operate.
I'm not really sure what's the answer to that. Segwit, LN and all that comes from that looks promising, but we've yet to see how well it performs in practice.
But in general I think that we need a little more pragmatism when thinking about this problem. If bitcoin is to scale up to, say, thousands of transactions per seconds I don't think it's very reasonable to assume that a few dozen GB per year will be enough to keep the pace. Off-chain solutions can offload some of the work but eventually things have to be settled on the main chain. Think billions of people creating and destroying lightning channels, even at a slow rate of a dozen per year per person. Those transactions alone would be enough to overload bitcoin as it is today, even with segwit.
@_date: 2017-06-21 15:45:54
What's obvious? You've posted a link to this paper about ten times in this thread already, we got it.
I don't say they're liars or anything, actually they seem quite thorough in their papers. Doesn't change the fact that using a secret certificate *is* a single point of failure, they admit it themselves (emphasis mine):


So if you do have access to the factory key you can create a convincing fake. It's exactly like a SSL certificate authority for instance.
As for what to do if your token is destroyed, I don't think it's mentioned in this paper. And for a good reason, if that happens you can't really do anything.