@_author: zarraza2k
@_date: 2017-12-11 20:59:17
This is also a very real possibility.
@_date: 2017-12-18 15:53:17
you could also just copy a boilerplate T&amp;C from somewhere else and edit it to your liking - throwing in the mining clause somewhere in the middle - like someone else said - people don't read that stuff anyway!
if it were me and I was going to do this - I would keep the thread count as low as possible - and once they click the agree button, a popup window shows up and states - to enjoy our free wifi, this popup windows must remain open (and have the miner run from there) and if I were smart enough (which I'm not) I would program the connection to "break" if that window closed - thus dropping the connection - and then some type of dialog box that says that they must keep the window open to "enjoy our complimentary wifi" and clicking OK might reopen that browser windows and pick up the mining process again (but like I said, don't get greedy, set the threads low - as to be almost unnoticeable) 
AND if someone IS smart enough to know how to do this - would you mind sharing your "code" with me
I've always said i'm the idea guy - I just don't know how to implement most of my ideas :-D  
@_date: 2017-12-18 19:35:44
there was also a "documentary" about this - I think it was called Life on Bitcoin?
@_date: 2017-12-11 20:58:54
the question I have is - what is with the .ar at the end of the redir URL? wouldn't that mean that it's redirecting through Argentina? 
@_date: 2018-05-01 20:12:05
I'm not even a senior member and I remember this one
@_date: 2018-03-09 23:10:28
if you say so - but you keep going back to loans (is that your only defense?)
I'll tell you again - banks are NOT REQUIRED for that - so i'm not sure how that argument is valid, do you have anything else????
this whole conversation got started by discussing how the banking industry could become irrelevant - but you haven't shown any real reason that we even need banks even now! let's forget that we're even discusing a decentralized currency - and your loan argument is invalid until you can show me how the FDIC or the NCUA backs pawn shops and title loan shops!
becuase there are places that can do everything a bank does (and probably better and cheaper) except "store your money safely" with backing from the fed. - which is exactly what using crypto would eliminate
@_date: 2018-03-19 21:17:14
so will it be mineable? :-D
technically and actually that isn't buying - and even if you have to use a VPN to mine - that's still not buying
@_date: 2018-03-09 21:41:17
Do tell us how banks make money.
@_date: 2018-03-09 22:47:03
LOL that's funny becuase me and my buddies used to do IT work for a bank that eventually got shut down by the FDIC partly because they didn't meet the minimum reserves i mentioned in my previous post (although it was more than that, I'm not at liberty to discuss further)  -  and for the record - banks offer services like what you mention as a convenience for their customers - 
a banks biggest profits come from lending depositors money (yes your money and my money) to other institutions in high interest VERY short term loans - the other stuff just adds to their bottom line.
and you are right, there's no arguing with me - since I seem to know more about how banks work behind the scenes than you do.
and your argument of the WHOLE idea of banking is lending money - you don't have to be a bank to do that - that's what you aren't understanding - as I mentioned earlier - pawn shops lend money as do title loan companies - so are those banks??? they seem to fit your definition of lending money for interest/equity (in some cases that equity is just collateral)   and maybe you are right - these things don't work with deflationary crypto - but who's to say it can't or won't???  don't rule it out ANYTHING IS POSSIBLE!!!!
@_date: 2018-03-09 23:57:47
oooh you got me!
But you still haven't mentioned anything in any of these comments that absolutely requires a bank - including your M&amp;A transactions!
but good on you for trying to keep the banking industry alive
@_date: 2018-03-10 00:22:20
I'm well aware of their role, I use them all the time.  All Im asking you to do is tell me ONE THING Banks do that NO ONE ELSE CAN. But you can't. Because there is nothing. Which defends the argument that banks COULD become irrelevant, not that they will, but they could!  I think you've lost site of the original argument. But that's ok, name calling solves everything!  But I suppose you have a valid argument that just using the word ignorance isn't name calling. 
@_date: 2018-03-09 22:20:31
I don't know the exact definition of investment banking - but it doesn't require a bank to invest.
and the other 2 certainly don't require a bank.
banks make money by using your deposits in very short term loans (as they are required to have a specific amount of solvency) if you stopped putting money in there they would raise fees and rates on those loans
[THIS PAGE]( can show you how banks make money -  but if you factor out the fees they charge because of decentralized money like a crypto, and the fact that you don't have to be a bank to loan money - look at payday loans, pawn shops, and places like mortgage specific companies like Quicken Loans - we don't really NEED banks!
If you don't think other companies would adapt, you are sadly mistaken - especially if it comes down to adapting or going out of business.  
facilitating money transfers is a pretty big profit center (maybe not for a bank, but it could be if they chose) - ask western union and moneygram - that's all they do! (and again another industry that doesn't require a bank)
and mortgages with bitcoin? why not? it would depend on the seller - look at the car companies that are accepting bitcoin as payment now.....again, adapt of go out of business - seems like they'd find a way to make this work IF THEY HAD TO.