@_author: zathey
@_date: 2014-12-11 17:19:07
I live in Ljubljana. I will have to check out some of these places. Every bank here has monthly fees. Credit cards have annual fees, low limits, no cash back, and you have to pay a monthly fee for fraud protection such as getting an SMS when you make a purchase. Using Bitcoin is free.
@_date: 2014-12-08 22:07:21
My open source exchange project has a [public testnet deployment]( although it has become out of sync with the latest code in our [github]( We also have a set of 26 [automated unit tests]( that we run before any commit and we are working to improve our code coverage. Extensive manual testing has been performed, some of it documented on our github wiki and more that we have not yet had a chance to document formally. We are doing a lot of work now on security so that even in the event of the web server being compromised, there is limited opportunity for exploiting the system and individual accounts on the service.
Keep in mind, this is a completely open source project written entirely by two people with full time jobs in their spare time.
@_date: 2014-10-31 00:54:07
Only the front end and wallet actor is coded in Scala. It's a great language to program in and we use Java libraries such as JDBC and jsonrpc4j. The backend, including order matching, is coded in PL/pgSQL. The UI uses HTML, Bootstrap, and Handlebars among other things. You do not need to code in Scala to contribute to the UI or the backend.
@_date: 2014-10-31 00:59:36
I linked to our code repository. The code is fully functional and you can sign up on our beta site or run your own instance locally. We are working to improve security and the efficiency of our database queries. Administration tools would be helpful but we have not yet had a chance to work on them.
@_date: 2014-10-28 04:34:04
It's possible that they are using a NoSQL database and most are not [ACID]( compliant. Other exchanges have been [exploited as a result]( My [open source exchange]( uses PostgreSQL and has integrity constraints on the balance column. Any transaction that results in a negative balance cannot be committed as it would violate a constraint. My software still needs more work on performance and security before it should be used with real money but this problem could never occur. I hope there will be more open source exchanges in the future where anyone can verify the code.
@_date: 2014-10-28 05:48:14
It's not a decentralized exchange. It's no different than any other Bitcoin exchange, except it's open source. Liquidity will be provided by the same means as on any other exchange, with traders taking advantage of arbitrage opportunities.
@_date: 2014-12-14 18:29:29
I would have to learn more about the payment processors. The last time I used Bitcoin on my phone was with the bitcoind RPC interface over SSH. I have more experience with the core protocol than end-user services.
@_date: 2015-01-07 19:59:15
My open source exchange's wallet had the same issue. It was caused by uniquely identifying a deposit based on the transaction hash, which is incorrect as multiple deposits may have the same hash in the case of a sendmany. However I resolved it back in November and additional unit tests were added for this particular issue. I also added extra unique constraints to ensure that a single deposit cannot be credited multiple times by mistake, even though this should never happen because of the way I cache deposits. A stable release of the project is coming soon but it's these kind of things that I want to make sure I get right before accepting anyone's money.
Feel free to test it or contribute to the project. I think we can create secure services if we share our code and all work together to solve these problems.
@_date: 2015-01-23 16:55:10
I found this to be the case as well. I'm building an open source exchange, [TxBits]( It's taken more time than expected but the hope is that it will make launching exchanges easier in the future and will provide users with more confidence as the code is available for review. We have also put some unique features into the platform that we would like to see on all exchanges such as the ability for a user to upload their PGP public key and have all emails encrypted. This means that someone gaining access to a user's email account cannot see details about their finances such as withdrawal addresses and amounts or be able to authorize withdrawals without the user's PGP private key if the account is configured for email confirmation on withdrawals.