@_author: zaues
@_date: 2014-12-07 14:39:03
1. the post never compared Xapo to credit cards.
2. PayPal and Skrill use existing forms of payment (as the post later points out, they are a "hack" on existing methods).  Bitcoin is a new, natively digital payment method.
3. don't understand your point.  break down ALL the costs of btc vs. existing pmt methods and btc wins hands down.
4. i think his basic point is that btc does not require underlying physical items - cash, coins, cards - to use.   
5. bitcoin is a protocol, like tcp/ip. that's not true of other payment systems.
6. you are so wrong that i can only surmise that you know nothing about online businesses or business in general.  just because something is on the internet does not mean it is a global business.
7. the point is that we are adopt more efficient methods as they arise, which is a historical fact.  humans used horses for centuries, that didn't stop them from adopting cars.
8. i don't know - ask them.  not sure why you are attacking a company -- the post was about bitcoin, not Xapo.  
9. same point as  -- attacking Xapo doesn't disprove the point about standardization.
10.  advice: your arguments are more helpful if they actually address the points made, not the people making them.  Ad hominem (look it up) attacks aren't convincing.  there is a good subreddit with which you are already familiar -- buttcoin -- where you can post incoherent rants with other bitcoin haters.
@_date: 2014-12-07 14:21:40
1) agreed
2) That's wasn't his point. The point is that a simpler -- much simpler -- transaction flow is now available.  
It's like getting from point A to point B with either 1) a half dozen roads with various tolls or 2) a new highway with one (smaller) toll.  the customer is still getting from point A to point B, but which path is going to be used over time?  One has to ignore the tendency for systems to move towards more efficient, dis-intermediated paths to believe A will win.  That's not reality in the Internet age.  20 years of disintermediation tells us this.
@_date: 2014-12-05 22:27:01
the blog post didn't say credit cards weren't simple for the consumer - it said a CC transaction is more complex than a bitcoin transaction, which it is