@_author: zawy1
@_date: 2017-03-14 01:20:21
Even when the president wants something he has to advocate to get support. I'm not saying devs have complete control anymore than politicians. Usually politicians do not write all of the code, but expert legal "hackers" write the code of law and communicate beforehand with the politicians as to what is feasible in the context of past code. 
I'm objecting to your the implication that "no one" is in control of bitcoin. You actually said "anyone" which leaves open the possibility that "everyone" or "consensus" is in control of it which is my position.  I've tried to show why bitcoin is not fundamentally different from the status quo.   The only way to fix it is to have a coin who's code is simple enough to write once and it inherently disallows future changes no matter what the consensus wants. I suspect the physics of evolution seeks this so that machine technology can continue to replace biological technology (5000x more extinctions right now than the historical rate).  
That bitcoin needs to be changed is proof of its imperfect security (where "security" includes it's value as determined by its usability).    
Not defining what is meant by "best" for the coin is also always a problem in these discussions.  Increasing its value is in direct opposition to increasing its use as a currency. It is an asset like gold but not a currency (gold has always been the most horrific currency for the masses and very much loved by the 1%).  Its limited quantity blocks its widespread adoption as a currency. 
Distributed, secure, efficient, intelligent systems depend on a currency that expands as the size of the system expands.  This is not bitcoin. Bitcoin is the digital asset that may soon represent percent control of the total physical assets of society that are being guided by it. It needs an expandable but not inflatable currency to go along with it for use in the marketplace. By this I mean we need a currency that expands as its use expands but no faster, so that wages, prices, and contracts remain valid and accurate (a coin that is constant in value but not in quantity). So the marketplace needs to set difficulty and coin emission rate by feedback from total coins per day transacted (not transactions per day), not by programmers arbitrarily deciding the coin emission rate and total final coin quantity. A currency needs to be a living beast, not controlled by anyone or even by everyone but only by the marketplace needs. In this way the corporate machine can continue to take biology out of the economic picture in its pursuit of thermodynamic efficiency. 
As an asset Bitcoin may be the one coin to rule them all. But it desperately needs to get married to an efficient, expandable currency in order to exert and extend its control of society.  This is an error in your post. You speak as if you are addressing global issues.  The other shoe has not dropped. It's going to be as simple as bitcoin and not subject to bickering or change. It will adopt to marketplace change as I just described.
I suspect the bickering is from the lack of understanding that there is this other shoe that is missing.  It can't be both the ideal currency and the ideal asset. Each bitcoin can and should represent a percent control (1/20M'th) of assets under its roof. A percent is not a unit of account that can or should be used in the marketplace.  The currency should be expressed in "Available Joules" (aka Gibbs free energy).
@_date: 2017-03-12 09:16:38
Users do not control the code that controls bitcoin.  We do not get to directly decide segwit or block size. If we want to use bitcoin, we have to abide by the law of its code just as we have to abide by the law of the land we live in.  We can abandon bitcoin for another cryptocurrency, same as we can abandon a country and live somewhere else. As bitcoin becomes more established as a method of payment over other methods of payment, leaving it becomes harder, just as leaving your country becomes harder the older you get.
@_date: 2017-03-11 16:56:49
Users of the currency in the market place should be the tax-payers and voters. Devs are the government. Miners are the banks.  Of course miners should not dictate the law. And neither should the developers. Bitcoin-like systems will not make government and banks irrelevant, it will only make them less inefficient.
@_date: 2017-03-11 17:18:57
"The major lesson of Bitcoin-- just like that of strong encryption before it-- is that autonomy is possible"  
If this were true, no one would need to be arguing for or against changes to bitcoin as a way to gain a "popular vote" to prevent a  negative outcome from the governing authority (the developers).  Bitcoin is a democratic republic. It has potential, but it's not fundamentally autonomous. The only way to make it autonomous is to hard-code everything when the coin is released and hash it into the transactions so that no one can every "improve" it.  Not developers (gov), not miners (banks), nor users (voters).
Many law-writers (politicians) have something in common with open-source code-writers: they think they are doing charitable work for the good of the community.
@_date: 2017-03-12 09:58:22
Exempt from the rule of the code or protocol?  You mean like politicians are not exempt from the law or constitution?  
@_date: 2017-03-12 08:32:35
Politicians supposedly write laws for the good of the people, but unfortunately they are influenced by lobbies representing vested interests.
Developers write code for the good of the people using bitcoin, but unfortunately miners try to influence the outcome.
Developers (code) = government (law)
Bitcoin users = "the people"
Miners = for-profit interests (lobbies representing sectors that profit from the people under the rule of law, so they try to influence the law)
Where does my analogy fail?
@_date: 2017-03-12 11:33:48
You see? The self-righteousness of bitcoiners is misplaced. BTC is an improvement that at least partially bypasses local law and middle men (the banks) in exchange for devs and nodes.  But it still falls under the rubric of voters, government, and special interests. The claim of a fundamental difference is not correct.  The ideal many bitcoiners have of a totally free market under no governing rule of law is more commonly known as war.  They should move to Mexico, Bolivia, Argentia, Peru, or many countries in Africa if they think completely free markets and lack of government in your daily life is a good thing. Every transaction between individuals and companies in those countries is a battle against fraud or outright theft that makes everyone a lot poorer from not being able to have any trust in what you're buying. BTC does not help that anymore than a cash transaction which they all already are. The argument for more or less governing is the same as more or less code. The objective should be good code and good law that achieves good governing in order to achieve peace, system-wide wealth, and fairness.  Government-free markets abhor peace, fairness, democracy, and system-wide health.  History shows free markets have always been biased in favor of the 1% just as much as special interests trying to influence government. Special interest lobbies are the free market trying to hijack democracy out of government.  Bitcoiners need to learn classical economics before trying to understand Hayak.  "Free market" originally meant "free of special interests" that resulted in the 1%, not "free of government".  It was Milton Friedman who hijacked the term "free market" to mean the opposite of what classical economics meant.
@_date: 2017-03-12 13:29:56
"Bitcoin can't afford a widespread belief that anyone controls the system.... if we vigorously advocate and are successful it supports their claims that we're in control. That outcome has costs both personally and for the system which are too high, the status quo is preferable."
Do you see the contradiction?  You say "there can't be central control", but then you say the lack of a central and successful "propaganda" campaign for "good" decisions from the developers will result in no benefit over existing systems.   The solution to your angst is to accept that core developers with good intentions have to fight against those with wrong-headed or malicious intentions.  Just like verification of the block chain, a 51% "might is right" (power is truth) must be employed by whatever means. They used to decide which God was true based on which army won. It's no different here.  Democratic-captalism is more true than anarchy, oligarchy (the current U.S.), or socialism because it wins by might, not by morals. Developers with good intentions are no different than politicians with good intentions, and should not be. They might need to lie, cheat, and steal their way to the top.  Bitcoin is not a fundamental change in anything except the quantity is rigidly limited (assuming its not hacked and the majority do not ever seek to inflate it. Fraudulent derivatives are a different type of hack).
If no particular party controls bitcoin (like core developers) then what helps improve it?  If errors are fixed automatically, then why  worry? The inability to answer these two questions exposes the  contradiction.  Developers=politicians is not a pleasant idea, but it's a fact of life that adults need to accept. The drama reminds me of Japanese politicians throwing shoes at each other.  Blockchain verification is based on "might is right", and so is code development.  The ability to win the battle of popularity is based on existing power, not morals or intelligence of the populace.  The core developers must take control where the populace is being ignorant, or wage a standard propaganda campaign to do what's best for the system. The ones who are most concerned with success of the coin instead of personal profit will win the long run of the coin success but not necessarily the personal profit battle. An ideal coin does not reward early adopters who did not do any work. Relying on early adopter greed as a propaganda tool to rise to dominance does not result in a noble coin.  In classical economics, such early adopters winning at the deflation expense of late adopters were called "rentiers" because then they can rent access to the coin (banker loans) instead of working for a living. The difference is even more catastrophic: even bankers have to suffer inflation but Satoshi does not.   We now call "rentiers" the 1%.  Noble bitcoiners fighting against the 1% are hypocritically trying to become the 1%.  
@_date: 2017-04-10 12:38:51
Thanks. I did not realize it is skipping hashes.
@_date: 2017-04-10 13:41:27
But still, bypassing hashes or not does not seem to be fundamentally different than an energy savings if everyone has equal opportunity to adopt it, just as they have equal opportunity to use an ASIC. It's not the number of hashes that's important, but it's to have a level playing field to enforce Bitcoin's "51% might is right".  The central problem seems to be that use of ASICBoost motivates people to block improvements in transactions. I love Gregory Maxwell's solution.  It blocks the covert use of it but not the overt use and does not force people to use SegWit. This way, people opposing the change will be admitting to it's covert use and it will be interesting to see if they equal the people opposing SegWit.  He has a rational programming reason for not going ahead and blocking the overt use of it, but this has the side effect of really exposing the covert users.  After it gets implemented, the opposition to SegWit should die. It's all humorous and great.
@_date: 2017-04-10 11:45:44
better analogy: Workers paid by the brick carry them to top of a hill using a standard wheel barrow that matches the off-loading machine. One worker discovers a cliff on back side of hill and builds a pulley to match the wheel barrow and gets more wheel-barrow loads to the top in the same time by using his weight to pull the rope. He proposes everyone use hollow bricks in order to carry more but it totals the same weight so that his pulley still works. It requires only a small change to the off-loading machine to handle the larger wheel barrows. Designers don't like it because it sacrifices security of the building. They want to replace the wheel barrows with trucks.
@_date: 2017-04-10 08:29:06
Using ASICs is also skipping work. Skipping work by definition is an optimization. The core problem is not that it is skipping work but that it causes those who have invested in the "optimization" to be opposed to improvements in the transaction protocol because any significant change will make their hard-wired ASIC useless. The whole debate simply shows how widespread the "optimization" already is.
@_date: 2017-04-10 08:16:45
The problem is not that it is faking work.  Besides isn't "faking work" the definition of an optimization?  Patent aside, everyone could implement it and the result would be a level playing field. But the problem is as Gregory Maxwell explains here  
The "optimization" breaks if you try to "[extend] Bitcoin's transaction capabilities with the notable exception of [increasing blocksize]".  As he explains, breaking the optimization is a problem because it causes those who have invested in such an "optimization" to be opposed to improving the transaction protocol.
@_date: 2017-04-10 09:39:32
Better analogy: workers paid by the brick carry them to top of a hill using a standard wheel barrow that matches the off-loading machine.  One worker discovers a cliff on back side of hill and builds a pulley to match the wheel barrow and gets more wheel-barrow loads to the top in the same time by using his weight to pull the rope. He proposes everyone use hollow bricks in order to carry more but it totals the same weight so that his pulley still works.It requires only a small change to the off-loading machine to handle the larger wheel barrows.  Designers don't like it because it sacrifices security of the building. They want to replace the wheel barrows with trucks.
This shows the core problem without making the claim that the "optimization" is "faking" work. 
