@_author: zazzlepants
@_date: 2014-08-08 16:38:38
cool, works internationally? also, are bank accounts free in the UK? 
@_date: 2014-04-22 00:34:18
I agree that it's intuitive, but it's cumbersome and redundant as compared to how simple it could be. 
@_date: 2014-08-08 17:22:17
I guess if your point is "forget bitcoin, banks have this money transfer thing already figured out", you're missing the point IMO. It's still very early doors for bitcoin, but you know when you put your money in a checking account, you often earn no interest despite the fact that you are essentially loaning your money to a bank. If your bank is like mine you also get charged many and varied small fees, including fees to participate in the money transfer system, but going back to the loan aspect for a moment. Just like any loan, there is a risk that the bank will default on you, i.e. fail. You can say that banks are too big to fail, but many smaller banks have failed here in the states during the last several years. The good news is that your deposits are insured by FDIC, but only up to 250,000, but again, why would you "loan" so much cash to a bank without making a reasonable return. 
My point is: Yes, the banks may simplify money transfer, domestically at least, and retail business across international boundaries is less common, but I would argue this is partly because of the SUBSTANTIAL pain in the ass and cost (mostly due to financial parasites). Also, banks make money my leveraging YOUR money, often keeping the returns for themselves. Oh, and if they can't return your money because they go under (which definitely happens), the FDIC bails them out (kinda fucked no?). I'd also like to point out that someday way down the line when people are no longer "investing" in bitcoin, but rather view bitcoin as capital, it will not make sense to hold on to your bitcoin in the same way that it currently makes little sense to hold lots of cash, you (and the economy) will be better served to lend your capital to people willing to give you returns. In this manner, banking may reincarnate as a way to assist people with making choices about how to lend their money, but the balance of power will hopefully be with the consumer at that point since their money will be easy to move and more directly controlled by them. 
@_date: 2014-08-09 10:16:59
My point is that your bank makes a lot of money off of your money and when they default on your deposits the public picks up the tab. Of course I did say this: "why would you "loan" so much cash to a bank without making a reasonable return" which should have made it pretty clear that losing out on deposits beyond 250K was not my point
@_date: 2014-04-05 23:29:42
That's what you think banking is? Locking your money away and printing money? 
@_date: 2014-07-06 02:11:12
So to be a bitcoin user you will need to know about data security? Seems legit
@_date: 2014-06-25 20:44:08
As an FYI, anyone willing to bet against the bitcoin market can sell it short here. "Free money"!
@_date: 2015-05-02 14:00:19
Businesses that have your cc info in their databases: many.
Frequency of hackings of such databases: Routine.
Pain in the ass caused by subsequent cc fraud: Large.
@_date: 2015-05-02 20:02:01
Nice straw man argument. Nice to have a debate in good faith. In the not so distant future you'll be able to store the bulk of your bitcoins safely with an insured custodian while you use your own wallet for spending money.  You'll be able to send money to anyone anywhere in the world instantly and for virtually free. You won't be subject to losing all of your money but you also will have more privacy and you won't be using the cc networks which take 2-4% / transaction. Or maybe not. Maybe everything will stay exactly the same forever as you so desire. Clearly the technology is not there yet but it's coming. 
@_date: 2015-05-02 17:01:19
Oh ok I'm totally convinced because you had a good experience with cc fraud. I won't bother trying to convince you that cc fraud is an expensive problem (billions annually) because I don't really care what your opinion is about a fact. Worth noting the reason your CC provider is able to have a fraud detection program is because it tracks and profiles your spending behavior in great detail (and then likely resells this information to marketers). Consider for a moment that some people might not think that's clearly the better solution. 
OTOH, the fact that you don't find this compelling is not so unusual. I think most people don't really care much about privacy like this, and most people haven't been grossly affected by cc fraud (though it's expense is passed on to them), so these will likely not be the reasons people start using bitcoin. Also, I understand your point about risk of theft, and I also think there's a role for insured custodians of bitcoin (i.e. FDIC insured bitcoin storage services). 
@_date: 2015-05-02 13:56:06
creepy thing to me is that the traditional financial system and terrorism-fear-mongers are now allies against cryptocurrency. 
@_date: 2015-05-17 16:39:36
Not sure what you're complaining about. The bright minds need to continue to flow into the finance sector in order to build this new decentralized financial system. It is not enough to just "Unleash the bitcoin!" and expect all of the functions of the financial sector to be instantly replaced by robots.  Technology has been disrupting the financial markets long before Bitcoin was around and will continue, now it needs to be decentralized! Enter fintech. The reality is that there is huge crossover w/in the traditional finance community and the fintech/startup community. More than meets the eye
@_date: 2015-05-02 13:53:09
Worst case scenario is that you're somewhat lazy like me and you don't scrutinize every transaction on your cc statement, so you get ripped off without really knowing it. Call me lazy (I am!), but I'd rather not be handing out the private key to my wealth to hundreds/thousands of businesses and be double-checking all of their work. 
@_date: 2014-07-06 02:08:33
I'm in the same boat. Focusing on the merits means focusing on how it should be free and easy to exchange value with people/businesses around the world, and that the current landscape is cumbersome and expensive. Oh and the tremendous potential of the blockchain beyond currency even! This is what is going to bring the masses to the table IMO.
@_date: 2015-05-02 13:41:50
Not sure I would call it a "conspiracy" exactly, but there is a "conspiracy of sorts" on behalf of banks/cc networks to remain the source-of-trust for all financial transactions, and while bitcoin is still nascent this puts banks in direct competition with cryptocurrency for this business. Of course, being the arbiters of trust in the financial system is only one of the many functions that bank's play. One of these bank's most effective weapons in maintaining their stranglehold on this business is to ally with regulators to convince the world that it's too dangerous to allow people to transact value in private because "terrorism" and "drugs". 
**tl;dr:** battle brewing -- Banks and terrorism fear-mongers on one side, Civil libertarians and Bitcoin on the other
@_date: 2015-04-03 21:23:54
What will motivate people to loan bitcoin considering that it's a deflationary currency as I understand it. Put more simply, if my bitcoins will be ever-increasing in value, then won't this greatly discourage me from both borrowing and lending?
@_date: 2015-04-11 23:22:30
a self-interested and super-intelligent AI would make you feel exactly how you'd need to feel to not threaten it's existence. i.e. probably not very alien. If you are able to detect it, it means you can not threaten it or that it's not very smart. *removes tinfoil hat*
@_date: 2015-04-12 12:34:59
I take my opinion from this: 
Read the bullets about Strategy and Social Manipulation. This is sourced from Nick Bostrom's "Superintelligence" 
