@_author: zbig001
@_date: 2019-11-03 11:25:27
How are you going to stop DoS attacks? P2P networks seem inherently vulnerable.
And with the development of IoT, DoS attacks could be carried out on a scale currently difficult to imagine..
To my knowledge, only Elastos Carrier is the offer of a P2P network immune to DoS attacks by design.
And it costs nothing to use, because blockchain is not necessary for the communication itself.
You can check how it works on the example of Hyper messenger, or relatively quickly build your own app.
@_date: 2019-11-29 12:39:07
Hello, German bankers.
Let your customers create accounts in EUR indexed to BTC.
Problem of Bitcoin scalability solved.
In addition, Bitcoin will go up because you will have to keep BTC, hedging against exchange rate movements.
@_date: 2019-10-29 10:54:50
If only it were true...
Banks for the creation of money need an excuse in the form of granting a loan, and they are not allowed to grant loans without collateral.
So they can't put more money into circulation than the productivity of the loan takers allows.
And as for the commission charged by banks, there is such a thing as competition.
Bitcoin is just another competitor, it does not mean the appearance of competition for the first time.
Can it be effective and really change something?
For now, early investors-speculators are doing everything to make Bitcoin no alternative.
@_date: 2019-10-06 17:09:34
If all people on Earth could (and would like to) use Bitcoin instead of local currencies, then the average user could update his wallet with an on-chain transaction once every 6 years.
Given efficiency of payments batching.
But without assuming such a large Bitcoin market share, LN makes sense...
@_date: 2019-10-06 10:01:56
Bitcoin still has the best reputation.
More and more ATMs appear.
But merchants who want to accept BTC in their networks have problems with the limited scalability of this currency.
And many Bitcoin followers do not see Bitcoin's future in off-chain scaling through custody.
If scalability were to be possible on-chain, there would be room for solutions like sharding (Ethereum) or sidechains (Elastos), and Bitcoin could then be wrapped and traded in a decetralized way.
But anything other than proven Bitcoin protocol security is not appreciated on the market...
It is also possible that monetary applications will not be dominant at all. 
Bitcoin transactions can be used to authenticate documents, for example.
Whatever comes true, it should be interesting to watch.
@_date: 2018-12-15 21:15:20
Surprising finding, if the data is reliable...
Price drop most of the time was proportional to volume drop (in BTC).
And now volume calculated in BTC is many times greater than when the last time price was $3,200.
@_date: 2018-12-23 22:36:47
Sometimes, however, people felt compelled to start civil wars.
Money issuance can be a measure to preserve social inequalities, so here decentralized Bitcoin can be an ally...
Everything is valuable which strengthens equality before the law and decent level of democratization, weakening the "glass ceiling" that does not allow talented and enterprising individuals to create new values in economics. "Glass ceiling" or openly authoritarian rule keeps many countries at a primitive level of development.
But a factor determining the level of average wealth is also available energy (per capita). Raw materials are substitutable to a certain extent although it is getting worse and worse with them...
The growth of available energy per capita from recent years for the US and Europe looks bad. The average world level looks better but only because China has managed to turn up production. 
The EROEI coefficient is also important, ie how much energy does energy production cost us, and as you can guess, the situation inevitably looks worse and worse in the case of fossil fuels. Mainly because of the depletion of those deposits whose exploitation was so far ridiculously cheap.
One day, we can save us with cheap solar and wind power plants and this sort of "green" sources, but for now there are big social unrests when people start to understand that they can never get into the middle class.
Popularization of Bitcoin as a global currency may also do something good that the popularity of real estate as a basic way of investing capital will decrease.
And also buying unnecessary, short-lived things, which is devastating to the dwindling resources.