@_author: zbufferz
@_date: 2018-01-23 04:03:13
Bitcoin absolutely solves a current problem.  Specifically, it solves three:
(1) How to transact business and transfer value electronically when the legality of that business and those transactions are inconsistently legal across international borders.  Current methods, which include domestic laundering or a proxy asset like the art market, have exorbitantly high transaction costs.  Bitcoin is an obvious solution. (Monero is a better solution.)  The fact that you may not think this is a "good" use is irrelevant.  A fundamental rule of economics is that all markets clear, even if the mechanism is illegal or extralegal.  Another good example here is remittances.  Currently US remittances to Central and South America are in the billions, but these transfers usual go through Western Union or money order, which have fees of multiple percent.  Bitcoin makes this easier.
(2) Hedge against sovereign economic stability, e.g. Venezuela &amp; Zimbabwe.  In the past, the global reserve currency was the dollar, and in fact in Central and South America it was a de facto second national currency.  Since 2008 we have had quantitative easing, massive deficits fueling an astronomical debt, all while a major economic competitor in China has emerged.  And now our President is celebrity who lacks even the ability to listen to economic advice from his own administration.  In short, the world needs another reserve currency, and it is increasingly becoming crypto.
(3) An alternative to the venture capital and investment banking industry for funding new technology projects that may be unpopular among the government and financial power-that-be.    Consider that by buying co, you are effectively funding the further development and exploitation of that crypto, obviating the need for those developers to seek VC funding.  So ironically, crypto has opened up the private markets in startup capital to the public.
@_date: 2017-12-05 15:19:17
The fee!  The fee!   BTC will fail because the fee is too high for people to buy their coffee with it!
It comes as *ZERO* surprise to me that one of the leaders of the Bcash movement, Jihan Wu, boasts about his degree in economics from **University of Peking**.  As if we are supposed to be impressed that he learned economics at university in a communist country.
Please read this carefully--IT DOES NOT MATTER IF THE FEE IS LOW.  The fee could be zero.  No one in the future will use BTC to buy coffee because they will realize that doing so costs them money and here is why.
The amount of BTC will be capped at 21 million.  That's all the Bitcoin there will ever be.  The population of the planet that will want BTC is not capped.  Therefore the price of bitcoin in terms *of anything thing else whose quantity is not fixed, capped or finite* will rise.  Today 1 bitcoin is worth 1 used car.  A year from now it may be worth two used cars.  So why would I trade my bitcoin for a used car now if I can wait a year and trade half a bitcoin for the same car?
*This* is why people don't buy things with gold.  We got off the gold standard when the world population was half what it is today.  Gold can't back a currency when the number of people is increasing faster than the amount of gold.  Just like there isn't enough gold to go around, there isn't enough bitcoin to go around.  
Remember how Zimbabwe kept inflating their currency by printing more and more of it, to the point where they had trillion dollar bills?  Bitcoin is the opposite.  It's deflationary.  Or more precisely it is scarce.  You don't use scarce resources as currency.  People used to use gold because it was easy to mint, didn't corrode, and was impossible to counterfeit.  Not because gold was magically more precious.  If it was so precious new pharoahs wouldn't allow so much of it to be buried with the old dead pharoah.
So you don't use scarce resources as currencies, but you do use them as stores of value. That's what bitcoin is for.  You want to move a lot of money from China to the US, you are going to have to pay fees.  Bank fees, taxes, transfer fees, exchange rates, etc.  That's transaction cost.  You could maybe avoid a lot of those  buy literally shipping the cash out (setting aside the legality of doing so), but for a lot of money, shipping isn't cheap either.  You need insurance, guards, etc.  
You could buy a million dollar painting and ship it out of the country, or you could buy real estate, or lots of other tangible assets, but those usually have commissions or other costs associated with them.  No free lunch.
Or you could buy bitcoin.  Yes the fees are high, **but as long as fees are less than the transaction costs to move an equivalent amount of money using conventional means**, bitcoin will be the better choice.  And a assuming a new crypto doesn't emerge that is better than BTC at being a store of value, BTC will rise.  **It will rise because people all over the world will increasingly need a store of value that is beyond the reach of their governments, which they will come to trust less and less.** 
@_date: 2017-12-07 21:16:50
Trust the math.  next meme at *e* * 10^4.
@_date: 2017-12-21 14:21:12
What alts are they jumping to?
@_date: 2017-12-20 16:55:45
It doesn't matter because now it's at $4000.  Like it or not they won.
@_date: 2017-12-20 19:13:15
It's $4000 for BCH.  It runs up whenever BTC falls, but it doesn't fall when BTC increases.  The narrative of transaction fees is  sticking with the media.  I don't know what else to tell you.
@_date: 2018-08-03 12:31:35
There is simply no catalyst motivating a move to the upside.  There is no reason for people to buy Bitcoin.  And every day you have your money parked in Bitcoin it isn't in the market, and with stock prices skyrocketing, the FOMO is over in AAPL and AMZN, not BTC.
I've thought for some time that the real motivating reason for Bitcoin is not a hedge against collapsing conventional currencies.  That's what precious metals are for.  The purpose, maybe the *only* purpose, of BTC is to hedge against shifting domestic financial regulations and to bridge between inconsistent financial regulations across national borders.  If a Chinese millionaire wants to move money to dollars but domestic Chinese regulations limit the amount or rate at which he can expropriate his money, BTC provides a way to do that.  You can argue that this is breaking the law, but the legal waters become unclear when we are dealing with transnational activity between two different regulatory paradigms.  This is some of what motivates the explosion of prices in the art world for artworks that only every sit in storage units just outside of the customs fences at ports.  They aren't interested in art, they are interested in moving wealth on their own terms.
But China's economy is slowing, as is the rest of asia's, so this activity is also slowing.  furthermore authorities have gotten wise to this play, and it doesn't always work.
So unless there is a reason or reasons for people to want to buy bitcoin.  It isn't going up.  And if there is a better place to make money e.g. apple stock or the S&amp;P500, then people are going to sell what BTC they have to participate in those other markets.
We need a catalyst.  But there isn't one.
@_date: 2018-08-03 13:07:31
What an odd insult.  My argument was complex and therefore must be wrong because anything more than a tweet is obviously BS?  Bitcoin is a thing.  For the price of a thing to rise, the demand needs to increase or the supply needs to contract.  The supply isn't contracting.  The demand is falling.  What more do you need.
Stop with this standard of value nonsense.  The dollar off the gold standard has served as a standard of value for decades.  The entire population of the earth has doubled since w3e've been off the gold standard.  You don't need a reference material, you just need an tacit agreement to use a medium of exchange whose supply does not wildly fluctuate and you have a stable store of value.  Stop visiting the von mises blogs, they are messing with your head.  And they are bad economics.
@_date: 2017-11-15 21:25:49
I never heard of the real Gregory Maxwell before, but when I saw the name in the post I couldn't believe it.  The level of thought is..not the same...
@_date: 2017-11-07 15:05:55
Wasn't there a heavy correction about 2 months ago?  What do you mean by heavy, 20% or 50%?
@_date: 2017-11-16 15:45:02
Those are technical problems.  The market has clearly decided that it doesn't not think those issues affect the underlying value of BTC, and we know this because the price is nearly $7500, up over $1500 after a week of nonstop talking about it.
All of the arguments about what Bitcoin was intended top be based on Satoshi's remarks or this or that whitepaper are irrelevant.  The creators and coders of bitcoin do not decide it's value functionally, economically, or financially.  The market decides that.
If your local pizza shop can't take BTC because the fees are too high, oh well.  I guess they'll just have to take VISA, MC, a check, or plain old cash.  They'll survive.
Bitcoin is about Zimbabwe now, Greece a few years ago, Cyprus after the 2008 crash.  It's for Syria, Lebanon, Iraq, Iran. Bitcoin is the hedge against government instability at a time when governments can control access to mainstream global financial markets. 
Bitcoin is for those times when your money has to flee your home faster than you can.
Bitcoin is there for you during Saudi purges, North Korean nuclear tests.  Bitcoin is there for the Russian people when yet another Russian official winds up dead in his bathroom.  Bitcoin is there for the people of Lebanon when their prime minister is under house arrest in another country.
Bitcoin is there for the American people when it appears that a foreign government has influenced their presidential election, and it will be there fore them when the next president is forced to retaliate.
Bitcoin is there for every person in a corrupt country when the taxman or the court decide they need a little extra.  For the 3am raid, for the coup d'etat, for to soldier on TV warning you to "please remain calm".
VISA is everywhere you want to be.  Bitcoin is everywhere you *don't* want to be.
@_date: 2017-11-29 20:10:51
Reminds me of trading options on dotcom stocks in the 90's.  I'm broke! I'm rich! I'm broke! I'm rich! 
@_date: 2017-11-07 15:12:30
What's the difference?  Is holding in an exchange like coinbase not safe?
@_date: 2017-11-15 21:20:08
So wait, is this Gregory Maxwell on reddit as I was just in an "argument" with him where he was complaining that bitcoin sucks because it isn't good for traders.  This can't be the same guy, can it?
@_date: 2017-11-16 15:47:35
If bitcoin breaks $7600 and stays above it, BCH is dead.
@_date: 2017-11-15 20:17:42
Yes, exactly.  Not so you could daytrade with it.  Not so you could "use it at your favorite pie shop" (an actual post on about BCH).  So you could protect your money when your country gets taken over by its military.
Bitcoin is the *ne plus ultra* of capital flight, which is the only and absolute backstop to rogue governments.  We have to live under governments.  Our money doesn't.
@_date: 2017-11-16 15:23:03
It is, but also spiders.
@_date: 2017-11-09 15:52:42
also, it's a lot easier to buy bitcoin (futures) if you can get it in the same place in the same way you buy all of the other futures.  You have to admit for someone who hasn't done it yet, buying BTC is a pain in the ass, and there are probably a lot of people who have some who worry a bit about it getting stolen.  No one ever worries about their cattle futures being stolen.
@_date: 2017-11-16 20:47:38
Because 7600 is (was) a major support line.The all-time high was a just a spike, 7600 was the support.  Since I wrote that comment, it broke through that and kept going.
Think of it this way.  A previous top represents where a lot of people sold.  If it kept climbing back up to that number only to get knowcked down, it means the market wasn't comfortable with it going over that price.
If it breaks through that price, it means that not only are people not selling at that price anymore, but that others are buying in.  Which means for those new buyer, 7600 is their *floor*.
This is all trading, not fundamentals.  If something changes the fundamentals, then all bets are off.
@_date: 2015-07-17 15:57:32
You do dee that Varoufakis is correct, right?  The price of bitcoin is not regulated by mathematics.  Only the amount of bitcoin in existence is (i.e. the mining).
But the amount in existence is mostly irrelevant to the price.  What affects the price is demand and supply, and the supply is not how much is in existence but how much is available to sell.  All that bitcoin sitting in lost wallets exists, but it doesn't effectively count towards the supply because it can never be sold (unless it's stolen).
What affects the value of bitcoin is the demand, and what effects the demand is the human agency he is talking about.  Bitcoin hit $1000 at the peak of the hype cycle, when people flooded into it because it was the hot new thing.  That spike in demand drove the price up excatly the same as if bitcoin were some momentum stock. 
Likewise, the euro is completely stable, regardless of whether Greece exists or not.  Therefore the price of bitcoin to the euro is stable, and therefore the price of bitcoin to everything else is stable.  We don't see a rush into bitcoin during the crisis for this reason.  There's no increase in demand, because no one in Greece or in southern Europe needs the key benefits that bitcoin provides over the Euro.  Or more specifically, the don't need bitoin any more now than they did before the crisis.  There has been no shift in the demand.
The same is true of gold and oil and other valuable but scarce commodities.  The only reason gold is worth anything is because people want it more than they used to.  The reason the price of crude oil has fallen is because alternatives and a weak global market mean that people want it less.  
Now if every nation started looking like Greece, then that is a different story, and I would expect bitcoin to spike much like I would expect gold and other "stores of value" to.  But right now it's not about that.
So Varoufakis is right.  Bitcoin does not repeal the laws of supply and demand, much to the contrary as a scarce single-use resource, it obeys them.
In fact, I'd like to see a study of bitcoin price before and after the marijuana legalization in Colorado and other states.  If bitcoin was in demand because of darknet drug markets, the legalization of pot in those places would reduce that demand for bitcoin-financed darknet pot trafficking by *some* amount.  That amount might be small or large, I have no idea.  But it would be an interesting this for an undergrad student of economics to study for a thesis project.
@_date: 2018-02-02 03:33:42
what post?
@_date: 2018-02-05 15:40:11
Markets depend on confidence.  If people don't trust the market they sell, no matter what the fundamentals of the asset are.  People might still think that bitcoin and crypto are going to change the world, which means it has value, but without a trustworthy market, no one has any idea what price to put on that value.  Does valuable mean $1000?  Or $9000?
In my opinion, the failure of bitfinex to commit to an deliver on their own promise of the third party audit means that Tether is not backed by dollars.  Given that they stated in writing on their website that it was suggests that *they are lying*.  This is very bad.  Maybe what they did was try to be clever and back tether with dollar denominated assets, like BTC or other crypto.  The "celver" part of this is that as BTC was climibing, their lack of a dollar backing for Tether was less and less of a problem, because on paper they could always sell and raise the money.
Until BTC stopped going up of course.
And if this is what they did, we are all screwed.  Once the speculative bubble burst (around $13-15k), Bitfinex probably no longer had enough BTC to back their USDT, so maybe they started to sell to raise some dollars, and this selling crushed the price.
People keep saying that USDT is only 1% of the BTC market.  But that isn't the point.  The entire BTC market cap doesn't trade every day.  Most of it doesn't.  The proper comparison is the 1% that is USDT compared to the amount of BTC that actually trades every day.  And I bet you will discover that that number is a very high double digit percentage.  So if the Tether folks decide to dump that 1%, they can crash the price.  
This iss all my opinion and speculation, but I also speculate that this is exactly what is happening now.  
@_date: 2018-02-05 15:48:45
Coinbase isn't dirty, they are just glacially slow.  They are in the US.  If they adopt segwit and there is some flaw or whatever and their users accounts get hacked, they are getting sued into oblivion.  They are not going to risk that so they will let everyone else test segwit for a while before they adopt it.
Everyone else, however, is unbelievably shady.  Bitfinex-Tether people may have been buying up BTC with Tether backed by nothing.  When that house of cards falls, BTC will collapse (I actually wonder if this is happening now).
BTC is falling because people who held it are selling it.  I note that the stock market also fell last week, so maybe there is a general unease and desire to raise cash, and that is hitting the crypto markets as well.  But I also think that a lot of the selling is scammer exits.  Are the Bitconnect people dumping their bitcoin?  Are the Bitfinex/Tether people doing the same?  How about all those pump and dumps that required you to but their scam altcoin with BTC.  They are probably dumping too.
If everyone has their own reasons to sell at the same time, the price crashes.
If you believe in the crypto and BTC story, that this will fundamentally change the financial world, then your strategy is to ride it out, and pick up more on the way down.  
Amazon stock crashed along with all the other dotcoms in 2000, don't forget.  If you believe bitcoin will be at $21k in 2020, you should be buying it now.
@_date: 2017-10-30 13:45:05
Yes, because this is how bitcoin while achieve mass adoption, by relying on users to use an obscure distro of an operating system that itself hasn't received mass adoption in the 20 years since it was first released.  /rolls eyes
@_date: 2018-02-05 18:24:46
I don't thin they dumped all 1%.   If they did it would be a complete disaster, like a sharp spike down with no buyers showing up.
Yes, the other part of this which I didn't mention which is complete conjecture on my part is the idea that the guys who run this exchange may choose at some point to raid the wallets on the Bitfiniex exchange and call it a hack.  Don't keep coins on an exchange, and don't use bitfinex ever, would be my adivce.
@_date: 2018-02-05 14:42:01
The black swan event is the growing suspicion that (a) Tether isn't backed by anything, which means (b) bitfinex is not a trustworthy exchange, given that they are owned and controlled by the same people.
The fact that these people didn't rush out to get another auditor after Friedman LLP left suggests they are not keen on having anyone inspect their financials, which is a very bad sign.
This crash won't end until we get to the bottom of the Tether Bitfiniex situation
@_date: 2017-10-12 14:14:11
It can both be stupid and go up a lot. None of you are old enough to remember pets.com at $246 a share, and then dropping to 0.  But Pepperidge Farm remembers.