@_author: zcdev_stephen
@_date: 2014-12-25 04:52:22
Thanks in advance! 
@_date: 2015-04-02 05:48:09


 \- Peter Todd ([Source](
So, yeah, I think he approves of it ;)
@_date: 2015-04-05 00:19:12
I tried things along this line for a while as well, no real recognizable patterns that I could see.
@_date: 2015-03-31 21:50:20
From the paper:


All this does is stop both of their blocks from being accepted. The fact that in the case of a fork they can 'mint' on both sides of the chain and then just publish whichever one they happen to solve a block on first is where the problem lies. Even a punitive solution won't stop this, as the double-minting is done in secret. 
What you are saying is that publishing a block with already-used-stake incurs a pentalty, but that is not the problem. The problem is that just the act of mining itself (before the publish phase) does not consume resources that cannot be used again.
EDIT: As I think about this more, I think you may be right. The punitive measures make it so that double-minting is pointless, because you will likely only ever want to publish a successful stake on the best chain. The only time double-minting can take place freely is on two chains with equal total stake (coin age destroyed). That's probably pretty rare anyway, but even when it does happen, it's more of a tie-breaking procedure. It may even speed up the process of ties being resolved, because there's basically 2x the 'power' on the network until another block is solved the the tie is broken. 
That's not to say that I think PoS is completely viable, yet. I think the ease of re-writing the chain may be a significant issue. In addition, if long-term distribution of wealth in the cryptocurrency world is anything like that of the real world, then PoS coins will likely be controlled by very few players. At least in bitcoin, miners can choose a different pool if theirs is malicious. If a few PoS members get many many coins, there's nothing anyone can do.
@_date: 2015-03-30 21:14:56


PoS nodes are not incentivized to attain consensus in the same way that PoW nodes are incentivized to attain consensus. In PoW, when a fork happens, energy can only be spent on one side of the fork, but in PoS, the coin age exists on both chains and can be used to mine/mint on both sides of the fork (and a rational miner will do so to maximize profit). This, to me, seems to be the fatal flaw of PoS. 
(Not to mention the centrally distributed checkpointing mechanism...)
@_date: 2015-02-16 04:44:59
Questions like this are probably better suited for the bitcoin stack exchange. In fact, I think this question has already been asked:  