@_author: zcribe21
@_date: 2016-04-13 12:06:45
Aah, right to not testify againts yourself. That is what you were refering to with right to silence. You are thereby assuming you have commited a misdemeanor or a crime by estonian law ?
From case files it appears that police moneylaundering bureu (RAB) requested acess to check whether anti-terrorism anti-moneylaundering law (RahaPTS) was being followed and whether your company is part of their enforcement area. That is determined by whether you are a financial institution. You may call it a hobby but at the end of the day you are doing similar things to banks (better explained in the court case). So why is governmental agency supervision over this kind of economic activity denied? Your claim is that this kind of activity is not regulated at all but it is clear to any reader that is falls under alternative payment regulation as it currently exists. By claiming not to do similar things to financial institutions you are just attempting to avoid any regulation.
Has this traders case been in courts? If so please refrence it or a detail I can look it up by.
Reddit is the wrong place for govermental attention. Hoping critical mass of people in the field get your point and thus weaken economic activity in the country will matter little if the specific activity is scarce in the first place. You need to work with investigative shows of the country or major newspapers if you want to deal with media. Spark discussions. Postive motions for change. Its neccesity is now questionable though. Lobbying harder after supreme courts suggestion for law changes should get you there without this media thing.
Gears of democratic government work slow. 2 years is a short time in lobbying sense. If there is a case in courts, waiting for supreme court decision, is not out of common practice for any country. Supreme court has now made a decision and suggested more specialised laws. It is highly likely lawmaker will start its slow progress in changing these laws. 
VAT on Bitcoin is a policy decision. I understand it is seen as a big evil which just cuts into profits but that is how tax is. Also Estonia might´ve been the only for full value but seemingly Germany supported partial taxation. So not really Estonia vs world as you make it out to be. I don´t really care about this point since its as mentioned, question of policy. If you choose to consider this as a sign of bad intent you are free to.
By saying Estonia has systematically done everything it could to hamper Bitcoin. You need to give specific examples. You cannot just say it and claim it be nothing but the truth. 
@_date: 2016-04-13 05:58:45
I´ve read the judgement and see your issues with it in economic sense. You corretly pointed out the issues with categorising it as alternative payment method. Changes in alternative payment legislation made 2010 that limit its use harshly and minimises its economic use currently. Aged viewpoint by lawmaker which was a rash move to counter new cryptocurrencies possible effect to economy. 
As for the courts part. Courts job is to decide your case based on existing legal system. If there isn´t a real legal gap then courts jobs is to fit your case into current law. Since the old regulations exists in which cryptocurrencies fit in there can be no new law created by court. Even though the regulation was not initially created for cryptocurrencies in mind. Even the court itself points out the need for more specialised laws for cryptcurrencies.
Right to silence is an odd argument. Especially if we are talking about money-laundering anti-terrorism laws. It is nice to talk about anarchy and total anonymity but this in case of money laundering and terrorism is not to be tolerated. If you did launder terrorists or criminal money you should face the proper punishment. Incriminating yourself or not.
I understand your frustration but you go way overboard here. Estonian state court has no malice towards Bitcoin, cryptocurrencies or you. Suggesting human rights abuse is more a legal strategy and than a real issue here. Besides you obviously are not imparcial party to judge Estonia to be the worst or not the worst. You had economic intrest in this court ruling.
Instead of complaining on Reddit you should start lobbying for law changes with other cryptocurrency people in Estonia. I doubt you would meet much resistance from any part of the government. The initial fears people had for cryptocurrencies have faded. Just because Estonia considers itself innovative in the field of IT doesn´t neccesarly mean its legal system can keep up with rapid IT development on every step. Cryptocurrency cases in small country are few thus changing legislation has been slow.
@_date: 2016-04-14 13:25:59
No you don´t need to be guilty but paragraph 22 applies to criminal law not administrative or civil law. As in criminal investigation. Thus the question. Saying you don´t have to provide information to government at all is absurd. It is similar to saying that you don´t have to provide tax form because they might convict you in tax fraud and then complaining that tax office is to blame in punishing you for not submitting tax form.
I know about the claim what public court documents tell me. If you have some verified evidence that shows your side in better light why hide time or not discuss them openly? 
You were refrencing the story. I did not ask you to print it and mail it. Just point out the detail that lets me identify it correctly. I don´t find that an unreasonable request.
It is very much your right to choose how to go about this thing. As I understand reddit is for discussion so me making suggestions has no consequenses or power over your action or inaction. If you know Estonia better than great and feel free to ignore these points.
Financial importance of VAT on Bitcoin I will leave it to you. I was pointing out a gap in your statement. 
The examples I see so far are:
-EU VAT decision (Verified)
-Your case (Verified)
-Your friends case you fail to refrence
You are the one claiming Estonia is the worst country in EU for Bitcoin. Burden of proof is on you for this. You are the one who has to make a case for it being the worst country in EU. Currently it comes across more like you are lashing out in emotional anger over broken business. I want be able to decide whether your point is true but for that one needs good quality evidence. Leaping to rash conclusion would be a mistake. 