@_author: zebulon_pike
@_date: 2016-08-05 16:48:01
I find the site up, but any kind of trade attempt throws an error, and I have gotten nothing but automated responses from support for 24 hours. Starting to get a little worried.
@_date: 2014-01-21 23:30:37
It was a bad post, but to say that there is NO substance to it is a little disingenuous.  I would look to Eugene, OR, which has been dealing with homeless camps for the last year or so, and figuring our what to do with/about them.
For all of the problems that we have been having here with the camps, sanitation was the primary objection on both sides, and it is an important health issue.  Not to mention that dealing with things like actual portable toilets and washing stations really improved the quality of life for the homeless living in the camps.
I think what you are doing is really great and I completely support you, but that doesn't mean that there aren't things that the county can point out to undermine your good work.  Great start, and great workaround to draconian local laws, but you will have more to do to protect the project.
@_date: 2014-01-02 21:13:06
I agree with a lot of this, and you have actually touched on what is going to be one of the main points of Pt.2, namely that economics is largely social psychology masquerading as "science" because it has numbers.  No one is provably right or wrong, so the absolutism has to be removed from the discussion on both sides.
@_date: 2014-01-04 00:31:59
She did say that they set up Ripple and Coinbase, though I am still waiting for her to send over the Coinbase donation address.  I didn't get the sense from that e-mail that Sharon herself knows a ton about it, so she can be forgiven the Ripple thing.
@_date: 2014-01-02 21:51:01
It is basically to provide liquidity to the system.  You want people who have to spend most or all of their income every month to have money, because they put it back into the system.  Consumer and small business spending still provide most of the velocity in the domestic economy of "mature" or developed nations, and like any ecosystem, the health of the whole depends on the health of the smallest members, which in turn support the larger species (this is why ecologists look at insect populations, plankton/algae, etc.).
But I agree with your larger point, that economists are beholden to driving a specific political agenda.  I just think that we are all equally guilty of that, because it is impossible to really separate the political from the economic because they intersect at implementation of policy in the real world.
@_date: 2014-01-04 00:36:34
I actually recommended in my reply that if they had anyone doing social media stuff for them, it would be a good idea to drop by this thread and answer any questions...
@_date: 2014-10-27 23:58:04
I think that the issue is that generally with fractional reserve and specifically lending, is that your liabilities will outweigh your assets.  What they are suggesting will still result in their balance sheet holding all of their (our/your/depositer) assets.  As long as they aren't doing any lending, they won't have any liabilities on the balance sheet.  
Holding all of their funds in cash vs other assets isn't about fractional reserve.  There is an issue of liquidity and risk depending on the asset mix that they hold, though.
@_date: 2014-01-10 20:59:09
And the approach of the arguer (in this case) unfairly taints the opinion of the argument.  The members of the Bitcoin community who oppose Krugman's analysis on legitimate grounds are assumed to be incorrect simply because of they way that they respond to him, especially when viewed by anyone who isn't a member of this sub-Reddit.
@_date: 2014-01-02 23:07:28
I agree and disagree.  Yes, economists are attempting to manipulate behavior, and they certainly do so under the guise of it being "science" when a great deal of it is opinion and propaganda.
However, you are doing the same with your term "helicopter money," first of all, and second, that is not the rationale behind it at all.  The goal isn't to make people "feel" wealthier, it is to actually put more money into their pocket, since they are forced to spend all of their money regardless.  The people at the bottom will feel poor whether they take home $1000/month or $1200/month, the question is what they are going without.  If you have no surplus income, then belief of wealth is irrelevant.  Your point might hold talking about the middle and upper-middle class, but the goal is to support spending at the bottom.
However, I do think that recent evidence shows that the ROI in such cases may not really be there, even if it works, simply because the income distribution is uneven enough to minimize the impact of small increases at the bottom of the pyramid.
@_date: 2014-08-10 17:28:36
Written by children, apparently.  All nonsense.
@_date: 2014-01-04 23:08:32
I just tested it, and it worked.  They are in beta with it right now, so they asked me not to post the address, but they wanted me and a few other people to send some donations and give them feedback on the process.
I already have a Coinbase account, so it was easy as pie:
@_date: 2014-02-07 20:41:01
I think we are also missing a crucial piece of information here though, and that is regarding the information that they are getting/have gotten from companies like Coinbase or MTGox.  Just because they aren't issuing 1099s to us, doesn't mean that the government isn't checking in on our activities there.  You might not have to report in-person cash exchanges, but anything else, they might have visibility into.
@_date: 2014-01-02 20:04:47
This is a post that I put up today, that will be the first part of a series looking at the debate that has sprung up between Krugman and the Bitcoin community of late.  The goal is to approach the issues from a central point, rather than one of the two extreme camps generally represented online around this topic.  As a big believer in Bitcoin but also a supporter of a number of Krugman's fiscal policy opinions, I think that he is wrong in his assessment of Bitcoin, but that we as a community have done ourselves a disservice by simply dismissing his criticism and attacking him personally, rather than trying to actually address all of the points.
I would love to hear what other people think, and feel free to comment on the blog itself, rather than here if you want.  Criticism and support are both welcome, since I know that a lot of my regular readers are not that familiar with Bitcoin and I would prefer that they get a balanced set of opinions, rather than just mine.
Much obliged.  Sorry in advance for not just hating Krugman on principle, try to forgive me.
edit: Not sure why that picture is there, must be pulling from Google+?  I hate that...
@_date: 2014-01-02 23:29:47
My point is that controversial isn't the relevant issue here.  The point is that loaded descriptive phrases like this are part of the distortion of the discourse that we both are complaining about.
@_date: 2014-01-10 19:15:24
I posted the first part of this series here last week, but before moving into the actual meat of the deflationary vs. inflationary currency effects arguments, I felt the need to discuss the approach taken by both Krugman and his detractors and the problems that stem from that.  The discourse in this sub-Reddit is pretty troublesome at times, and we aren't doing Bitcoin or Austrian economics a service by fighting like a little brother.
As always, I would love feedback/criticism, here or in the comments on the blog.
@_date: 2014-03-20 00:25:55
I think the issue is more cost effective to mine, based on dollars allocated to hardware to mine BTC directly vs buying scrypt hardware and converting them to BTC.  Not "easier" per se.
@_date: 2014-01-10 21:03:08
I really appreciate your response, as well as your insight, and I think that your point is well taken about how you can view these two monetary systems as somewhat mutually exclusive (or not) depending on which camp you are standing in.
Thanks for the tip about as well, I don't tend to be well-received in the main sub-reddit.
@_date: 2014-01-10 20:55:47
Thanks for proving my point!  It doesn't matter whether this is clever sarcasm or genuine sentiment, it's a perfect example of a response that is absolute, emotional, and free of any contextual or intellectual value.
Care to elaborate a little?  If you felt strongly enough to leave that comment, then you may have some useful criticism, but there is no way to tell from your choice of words (unless it's a joke, in which case, bravo).
@_date: 2014-01-03 22:49:45
I had forgotten about sending this, since it was back in August, until this e-mail popped up in my inbox today.  As soon as I get their Coinbase donation address, I will share it here.
@_date: 2012-12-31 18:15:12
I think that two of the issues that is causing problems here is the idea of whether or not there is another currency, and how Bitcoins are internally divisible.
1.) The fact that bitcoins have a large number of decimal places allows for great utility in the event of long-term value appreciation, but does not address deflationary concerns at all.  It allows you to continue transacting in bitcoins as a currency as their value in real goods grows, but moving a decimal place over does not in any way increase the money supply, which is what is required for inflationary pressure.
2.) The hoarding issue is alleviated somewhat if the assumption is that bitcoin is the only currency left in the world, because, as people have pointed out, humans need things that currency allows them to get.  The reason that people are hoarding them now is because they are increasing in value relative to dollars (or Euro, etc.), not in intrinsic value.  So most people are holding them in a speculative fashion, as their relative worth in dollars allows for the hope of gaining a profit OUTSIDE of bitcoins.
3.) As long as there are other currencies against which the value of BTC floats, that allows for leveraging via hedge.  Right now, when a US company has a large international project to work on (such as building a factory in another country), they will buy a huge amount of the other currency (let's say Euro) in which to fund the project (buy materials, pay workers, etc.)  They don't pay them in dollars.  
Now, let's say they budget $50 million in US currency for this, and at the time the exchange rate is 1.5 dollars/1 euro, so they have agreed to pay 33,333,333 euro to their suppliers and workers over there.  The hope is that the value of the euro goes down in that time, say to $1.25 USD, in which case the project will only cost them about $41 million!  However, if it goes the other way (say, 1.7), the same project costs them almost $57 million and they lose money.  
So they hedge.  Whichever currency they are afraid of getting burned by (in this case an increase in the euro's value), they will borrow money in their native currency (dollars), and use it to buy euros to hold for the length of the project.  This way, if the cost of the euro increases and raises their costs, they get to offset that through the profit they made in buying some in dollars.
So, by removing all other currencies from the equation you reduce (though not eliminate) some of the real-world incentive for people to hoard BTC.  But if you assume that there are other currencies, then there are ways to hedge against deflation that allow you to still borrow to increase production.
It's worth remembering that total money supply isn't what will cause inflation/deflation on its own, but liquidity in the market.  As long as there are enough bitcoins being used to purchase things (which would be the case if it were the only option) then the money supply will be healthy enough even if there is some deflation.  In this case, it becomes an issue of wealth distribution (making sure that enough currency is in the hands of the masses, who need to consume a greater percentage of their income), which is just as true of an inflationary fiat system (and the problem with our economy today.
@_date: 2012-12-30 23:47:35
Hi G1, I have also been working in marketing for years, and am currently at a company working on expanding significantly into not only accepting bitcoin, but training and creating user-end solutions as well, so it has been top of mind for a lot of smart people around my office.  I definitely have run into the problems with getting started in acquiring BTCs myself, so I understand the need for a service like the one you are talking about.  Happy to help any way I can.
@_date: 2013-01-15 19:33:55
I love the site, but this answer was part of what prompted me to take this conversation to the forum.  
The idea that there are a large number of coins in the hands of people who wouldn't sell them at any price seems suspect, given the increases in volume on the exchanges when the value rises.
My point is that they don't have to shut Bitcoin down from a technical standpoint, all they would have to do is manipulate the liquidity to a degree that makes it less useful as a method of exchange at scale.  This would in turn stunt further adoption, driving down the utility of bitcoins and thus demand.
I love Bitcoin, I am heavily invested both emotionally and financially, but the instinct to disregard any potential flaw or even just a vulnerability to the long-term health of the currency is disheartening.
Scarcity alone is not a guarantee of value.  If there is no place to spend it, a single bitcoin would not be worth a million dollars.  
@_date: 2013-03-28 18:53:58
For just that reason, my company put together this whole series of instructional videos: 
There are individual videos on paper wallets, brain wallets, backing up wallets, and encrypting wallets
@_date: 2013-04-09 20:02:02
I am going to create the "Tarmogoyf Index," as that has been the most traded "money card" for years now.
Bitcoin currently sits at about 2.19 'Goyfs!
@_date: 2013-03-01 16:58:26
Wait, you are changing the terms of the argument.  Since when is "real use" limited to rent?
I agree that you can't use Bitcoin for everything that you could use fiat currency for at this point, but it's happening over time.
@_date: 2013-01-23 17:37:18
His name is Raphael Nicolle (this is on the site), and he is actually really responsive and helpful.  I have money being loaned on the site, and he has been completely transparent the whole time.  I literally just e-mailed him 10 minutes ago.
You are right though, and I talked to him about adding an "About Us" page, which is in the works.  I have also been helping with some tweaks to grammar and the like (he is French, so his level of English is actually quite impressive), but he doesn't claim to care much for the marketing side of things, and wording can be questionable.  It is improving though, and he is very open to suggestion.
He understands the need for an information page, and a real home page, a forum/FAQ page, etc. but right now a lot of his communication happens over at bitcointalk.  He has a day job, and I am not even sure that he is making any money off of Bitfinex, so this is a real time sink.
FWIW, he is working to get Bitfinex incorporated as a company, so being a legal entity on file that can be held accountable should help assuage a lot of fears.
@_date: 2013-04-10 16:44:46
240?  We might see it fall to 200, the way things are going.  The order book looks ridiculous right now.
@_date: 2013-01-19 00:56:09
Where do you live, and what do you do?  We always need developers...
@_date: 2013-04-11 22:01:15
These guys are usually pretty spot on about stuff, especially making music.  WHAT DO THEY KNOW THAT I DON'T?
@_date: 2013-03-28 19:16:12
We love Bitcoin here at CBT Nuggets, so we wanted to make something free to help the community.  We also recently started accepting them as payment, and the CEO gave us all some as part of Christmas bonuses.
However, since most of our actual for-sale products are IT/project management/office productivity related, we haven't done a whole lot of promoting of the Bitcoin series here on Reddit aside from the initial announcement.
@_date: 2013-11-27 23:08:46
Wait, what?  How was he telling you taxes applied?  I also asked about this and heard significantly lower numbers.
The highest income tax bracket is 39% if you make over $400k per year, and that only counts the income above $300k+ (absolute worst case).  So your total tax liability is around 35% if you are wicked rich already.
Short-term capital gains (holding asset/BTC for less than a year) is treated as regular income, so if you cashed out $100k worth of BTC and make $87k or less in regular income, you end up paying about 28% on the BTC portion.
Long-term capital gains (asset/BTC held for 1 year+) are just 15% of the profit on selling the asset for most income brackets (higher if your base income is already really high, 0 if your base income is under $37k).
*note: these numbers are all based on single-filer for 2013 tax rates
@_date: 2013-03-07 20:06:37
Also, the banner isn't up on the homepage yet, but we also now have monthly subscriptions for our PM and Office products, for $79 and $19 per month, respectively.
@_date: 2013-04-03 16:23:46
It's both!  There have been plenty of studies done (most recently one by the Minnesota Fed bank branch), showing that inflationary/deflationary currencies are not a commonality to recessions/depressions.  
It's important to note that market forces are so complex and interconnected that no one factor will make all of the difference.  You can have a great, stable currency and still have a depression, and you can have a terrible inflationary currency and still experience growth and prosperity.  Or the other way around.  Econ is a SOCIAL science.  It uses math, but it is not math.
@_date: 2013-01-24 20:02:11
MTGox is shorting out, I can't cancel my orders, so now I have multiple open offers for more than I actually have in my account.  FAIL
@_date: 2013-01-25 21:04:21
@_date: 2013-02-19 22:51:29
Untrue.  Logic is based on a set of requirements, one of which is that we are using the same definitions of terms that are make up a "statement" (just like in programming).  For instance:
a pint equals 16 ounces 
a pint equals 20 ounces 
are contradictory statements, but both are "logical" depending on where you live in the world, and what constitutes a 'pint' to you.  If you change the definition of an object, you can have multiple statements that are logical but the value changes.
@_date: 2013-11-18 17:43:12
If you are going to put a ring on it, you should trust it to work out.  If you think you need the pre-nup, don't put a ring on it.  Obviously no one can tell the future, and a lot of marriages don't work out, but it's a faith thing, and a pre-nup says that you are going into it without much faith.
Think about it, if you are willing to share your life with someone, you should be willing to share your money with them, come what may.  Especially since traditionally after marriage in western society the women end up making financial/career sacrifices in order to start/raise a family.  
@_date: 2013-04-22 17:06:26
Let's not go crazy:
"Despite the increased awareness around the cyber currency, OANDA has no plans at this time to introduce Bitcoin as a tradeable currency to OANDA’s fxTrade platform, or to accept Bitcoin as a method for funding fxTrade accounts."
As a guy who has traded on OANDA for longer than I have known about Bitcoin, this is neat, but not really something to get that excited about yet.
@_date: 2013-02-18 21:56:17
I think that this is the best response to this sort of issue that I have seen on Reddit so far, but we have to remember to parse this out a bit.  There are two determinations being made in such a case: first is whether or not the function of a site or the action that it is built to facilitate is illegal on its face, and second whether the site's involvement constitutes de facto participation in the activity.
For instance, when the police arrest a man for dealing drugs, there is no part of the proceedings that deal with whether or not dealing drugs is an illegal act.  It is a stipulated fact that it is, the question is whether or not they have enough evidence to convict the man of actually engaging in such an illegal activity.  In the same way, it is already known that pirating or distributing pirated copyrighted material is illegal; that fact isn't up for debate.  
The question is then, does a site that simply allows file sharing to take place on its domain, both legitimate and illegitimate, effectively take part in the illegal action?  Does the site, if they are not the ones actively distributing copyrighted material, have the responsibility to make a minimal effort to prevent their domain and their servers from being used for illegal activity?
Now, I am not saying that it is ethically right, but in terms of legal precedence, it is helpful to turn back to the drug concept.  The owner of a nightclub in which drugs are frequently dealt is not a drug dealer himself, but a pattern of facilitation or deliberate ignorance on his part can get his club shut down and/or seized as part of a larger drug investigation.  Under US law at least, the owner of a business, analog or digital, does not have the right to a "blind eye" policy. 
So there should probably be a judicial panel, who Google can report sites to, and they can in turn render findings which lead to having payment providers cut the offending sites off.
@_date: 2013-02-18 23:55:47
I get that his argument is that losing a sale isn't harm, and I am explaining that it is.  
Losing a sale would only not be "losing something" or "not harm" if there were an infinite number of potential sales.  Krackor seems to be confusing the idea that something intangible is something that can't be lost or owned.  
What he is basically arguing is that there is no such thing as intellectual property.  Since you don't get the apples analogy, let's say I conceive of, plan, and write a book.  I e-mail it to someone else, like an editor, who promptly copies it word for word, publishes it, and sells it himself.  By Krackor's logic, it wouldn't be stealing, because I still have that book in my head, and a copy on my computer.  He didn't steal something physically from me, so I didn't lose it.
The argument about other business makes no sense, since we aren't talking about competition.  He is deliberately moving away from the original argument because he is wrong, and mischaracterizing my position to do so.  This is about stealing copyrighted material, which is theft, not creating alternate products and trying to sell them against the originals.
Think of it as a store brand.  DayQuil costs $10 a box, so Walgreens makes a generic store brand "Cold Medicine" and puts "Compare active ingredients against DayQuil!" right on the package, and sells it for $8.  That's competition, and is legal.
To move this to the IP realm, it is the difference between creating an alternative to Photoshop, "Krackor's Photo Manipulation Software" and distributing that, versus just stealing Adobe's software and giving it away.  Competition and theft aren't the same thing.
If Krackor wants to argue that there is no such thing as intellectual property, that's a different issue.
@_date: 2013-04-03 00:08:25
Get yourself verified through Dwolla and MTGox.  It's worth it.  
@_date: 2013-03-12 22:45:12
Brilliant use of vague terminology.  Thanks for the clarification.
@_date: 2013-08-16 15:58:19
Saving is not really the opposite of debt.  I agree that it is better to save than to spend money that you don't have, but better still is for people to spend the money they DO have.  Economies run on liquidity, the more existing money changes hands, the less "extra" money has to be created to provide the liquidity (which is what causes inflation).  In a perfect economy, everyone would have exactly enough money to spend all that they make and have everything they need.
@_date: 2013-03-12 17:41:53
I tried, and failed, to buy at $37, $38, $39, etc. until my orders finally went through at $44/$45.  So now, despite all my best efforts and being glued to my computer at the right time, thanks to the lag on mtgox, I have actually lost money on those purchases.
This is why we need more than one large exchange for this market.
@_date: 2013-04-11 16:26:30
Still have every coin, even the ones I bought at $233.  No idea what they should be worth, but once the world figures that out, I will have some at that price as well.
@_date: 2013-05-18 04:04:43
This is just a sample size issue.  There is no story in this data that can be told with any degree of confidence.  One vendor who does $20 in daily sales is not useful for a statistical analysis like this with no regression.
However, if JJGames wants to send me their raw data, I would be happy to take a look and publish a more in depth study here.
@_date: 2013-01-02 20:27:02
There is also the lower fee for the retailer, so their margin is higher.  It's basically like at a gas station, where they have one price per gallon for users who pay with a credit card, and another price for those who pay cash.  If a retailer is building into their pricing model a 2% premium for chargebacks and 6% for paypal/CC fees, they could theoretically just have regular price and then a BTC price for 5% less, which is win-win for retailer and consumer.
@_date: 2013-03-09 21:08:09
Yes.  Yes I do.
@_date: 2013-04-08 21:41:21
Wait, I think you missed a key part of that, which was that the reward won't be halved for FOUR YEARS.  Second, that has nothing to do with botnets.  Blocks will be mined at the same rate, and the reward will stay the same, regardless of botnets.
The use of botnets in some ways could actually be beneficial, by increasing the total hashing power of the network, to help balance out the power of ASIC users and big pools.
@_date: 2013-01-14 17:22:28
Agree.  As someone who has tested this out (and been really happy with the whole experience), I think that there could be a simpler flowchart.  Not to say that this one is inaccurate, simply that it is overly detailed.  Nice to see though.
@_date: 2013-04-23 23:00:20
This is the first thing about Bitcoin that excited my girlfriend.
@_date: 2013-05-24 20:31:31
That's a combination of cherry-picking and exaggerating.  More like 4-6%, but that's still nice.
@_date: 2013-08-21 22:36:03
The poor often lack education, but it has nothing to do with being stupid.  Numerous studies have shown that when accounting for income as a variable but controlling other factors to development (including access to good education), wealth does not predict intelligence.
The myth that poverty is somehow a choice or the result of some deficiency on the part of the poor is pretty pervasive, as is the opposite notion that the rich and/or powerful necessarily are single-handedly responsible for their success.  The reality is that both notions massively understate the role that the system plays in who is successful in this society, and that mobility between income groups is extremely low regardless of ability.
@_date: 2013-11-18 20:36:07
I like this Senator Carper (Carpor?) fellow...
@_date: 2013-03-26 16:01:59
This is true.  Ultimately, both Keynesian and Austrian economics are based on theories of how governments and central banks should best interact with market forces via fiscal and monetary policy.  
Since Bitcoin cuts the central authority out of the picture, neither model makes much difference.  Austrian school followers certainly seem to flock to Bitcoin more, due to their link to classical liberalism, but as both are economic models created in the early part of the 20th century, they didn't  account for anything like Bitcoin that is outside of this realm.
@_date: 2013-05-20 00:05:09
Indeed, nice to be around the community in the meat space.  Funny, everyone is a lot friendlier and more polite than on the message boards.
@_date: 2013-03-12 16:15:53
I would love for that to be the case, but how many mainstream articles have involved the Dev team?  That takes a lot of work, and it's not nearly as captivating to a wide audience.  People love bad news, and the media loves to give it to them. 
@_date: 2013-04-04 23:06:13
Right.  With these each person is in charge of loading the bill, so it would have to be redeemed/checked instantly by the receiving party to know if it had in fact been loaded with value, removing the value of a physical bill.
@_date: 2013-11-18 20:59:20
Thank you for that specious false dichotomy.  No one said anything about a marriage license.  If you think that a marriage is just a business arrangement rendered legally official by the license, then you clearly are not married, should never be married, and have no grasp on the foundation of the institution of marriage itself.
@_date: 2013-04-03 18:51:50
Not one based on any capitalist economic model, be it Keynesianist or Austrian.  A worldwide collaborative production-based system (something like utopian communism (not to be confused with state socialism) might have the kind of stability you talk about, but the basis of competitive capitalism, regardless of your economic "school" is about efficiency and inefficiency, and the movement of resources between agents, so there will always be ups and downs.
Keep in mind that the reasons for collapse can have nothing to do with your economic situation.  War, famine, political upheaval, resource exhaustion, etc. are all likely to throw a wrench into the most carefully planned economy.
@_date: 2013-02-18 18:29:57
A great deal of the news lately has been about how online casinos, looking to tap into the lucrative US market, are going to start buying up BTC in order to get around legal issues that have plagued that industry in the past.  It has been a big part of the given explanation for why the price has been driven up by/for speculators over the last month or two.
What if online gambling for USD were legalized here, as the article suggests may be happening soon.  Would people (you people) see that as a blow to the potential near-term outlook of BTC prices?  How much were we counting on that adoption to drive demand in 2013?  What would your reaction be if you found out that online casinos had no need to use BTC?
@_date: 2013-10-01 17:26:31
This seems fishy.  I have been using blockchain for over a year and never saw anything about them offering to sell bitcoins.  Where on the site did you go to do that?  Who/where did you send money to, exactly?
@_date: 2013-02-06 16:40:41
The most exciting thing about this to me is just hearing that Bitcoin was mentioned on NPR!
@_date: 2013-04-11 22:25:02
Considering the fact that they are discussing a crypto currency on Twitter, I hardly think the term "Luddite" can apply here...
@_date: 2013-02-28 16:53:58
You list your goods and services in USD (or some other fiat), and simply accept that equivalent amount of BTC.
@_date: 2013-04-10 18:59:07
At what point will people realize that this is NOT just the usual weekly dip?  When do we admit that the people who sold last/night this morning are not some fools to be pitied, but the ones who should pity us?
@_date: 2013-01-10 18:59:25
There are basically two ways to acquire BTC for new users; you can mine them, or buy them.
Presumably, as the barrier to entry for mining goes up (as it will with ASICs entering the market), it will push more people who want bitcoins to  purchase them, which should actually increase the price.
@_date: 2013-03-20 23:22:15
I believe in Keynesian theory, and have bought a bunch of bitcoins.
Let's remember that economics is social science, not hard science, and that there is a reason they are all called THEORIES.  No one is provably right or wrong, and the reality is that all economic models fail, and all economies fall, over a period of time, because there are so many other forces in society at play.
@_date: 2013-07-19 22:18:53
I have been using Bitfunder for months and have had only good experiences (with the platform that is, not necessarily the stocks I have picked).
@_date: 2013-04-05 22:50:32
To be fair, they don't all die.  All but two (or was it three?) die.  So, you just have to be one of the ones who survives!
Fun fact:  The "tonight we dine in hell" and "...then we will fight in the shade" lines are quotes from the original account by Herodotus.
@_date: 2013-03-21 16:43:47
I think that in an ideal world I would be very into the voluntarist thing, but maybe I am too much of a pragmatist.  I will certainly check out your subreddit though, I like to keep an open mind.
I just assumed that you were referring to capital gains on Bitcoin profits, so that was what I was responding to.  We do have capital gains taxes, and I think that is exactly the right way to tax bitcoins, as they are being used as a store of wealth/investment by most people.  We all got really excited when someone posted the whole "Owning bitcoins is like buying stock in the entire Bitcoin economy" article, which I think is apt.  I think that taxing them when you cash out based on gains would work.  Not sure about declaring them if they are just in a wallet.
@_date: 2013-03-11 18:51:54
Here's the thing: both inflation proponents and deflation proponents have support from legions of economists with advanced degrees and lifetimes of study.  You can understand fundamental (and even advanced) economic theory and still agree/disagree with either side.
People need to understand that while there is a lot of math involved, economics isn't really a hard science; there is no "magic bullet" equation, there are no "proofs" or solved problems.  There are just sets of theory that CAN'T BE proven in real life, simply supported or refuted by examples from history, and for every example, there is a counter-example.
No one is "right" in this thread, and no one is "wrong," because there is too much context involved in the real world that simply can't be accounted for accurately in any economic model.  You can't regress every variable, especially in a social science.
@_date: 2013-11-15 23:50:39
Right, so as the currency gains buying power over time, people don't want to pay for things for fear of losing out on the appreciation of value in that currency.  
The problem is that people are still mentally valuing everything vs. the USD they could have, not the item itself.  People aren't thinking, "I could have 1 BTC or a Trezor," they are thinking, "I could have a Trezor or $400."
@_date: 2013-01-14 23:02:15
If a publicly traded company were already doing this, such holdings would have to show up in a quarterly financial report, no?  Or is the supposition that they are doing so illicitly?
I feel like the amount that a massive retailer like WalMart or Amazon stands to gain is so small relative to the regular business that they do, that it wouldn't be worth the accounting headaches and potential bad press ("ZOMG bitcoins r for criminalz!").  For them, the profitable expansion of their business comes simply from accepting them as payment, they don't need to hold any themselves.
@_date: 2013-02-08 21:30:57
That's just not true.  First of all, while local taxes do provide some of those services, most states receive a great deal of their funding from the federal government.  That's why state governments had to lay off so many workers during the economic downturn over the last few years.
It's also why there is so much controversy around how taxes are distributed, where states that provide more money to the Fed (NY, CA, MA, etc.) get back less than they provide in revenue, while AL, MS, and other states require more federal money to make up for their budgetary shortfalls.
@_date: 2013-03-20 23:34:19
You are trying to use anecdotal arguments where they don't belong.  The point is that if people are trying to actually estimate specific % numbers for this, then yes, you do have to use the sample that you are given (which is a good sample in this case, from a statistical study PoV).  Now, for your confidence level approaching 95% you are looking at a confidence interval at an amazing 0.01% with voter turnout of about 60% and a sample of around 226,000,000.
So, actually, now that you made me crunch the numbers, I am even more convinced that the statistics work.
@_date: 2013-07-29 16:00:17
I feel the same way about BTC as I do about guns.  The technology is only as safe and reasonable as the people using it, in both cases.  
I support some forms of gun control legislation because while I grew up with them and appreciate that I have certain, ill-defined rights to have them, I also recognize that they pose a serious public safety risk when they are in the hands of bad people, or even good people who use them irresponsibly.
The job of all of us, as a society, and the government, as a proxy caretaker thereof, is to strive to find that balance between the individual rights and the good of the many, who have rights as well.  Extremism is the refusal to work towards the common goals of our society (in any direction, liberal, conservative, or otherwise), and to try and impose the views/needs of one's own viewpoint on everyone.
I dislike seeing such an obviously reckless and ill-considered plan as this on the Bitcoin subreddit as much as the "Save Adam Kokesh" threads, because they damage two things I care about the long-term success of,  my gun rights and my BTC.  
Extremism damages the discourse that does need to be taking place around both technolgies, firearms and digital currencies, by refusing to engage on the legitimate points that each side has.  Hardliners in both directions are fueled by emotion and ignorance, just the same as the people who we mock for saying that BTC needs to be banned as a haven for terrorists and child pornography.
Just my two cents, but as a guy who is a gun owner and hunter, and a BTC enthusiast, I don't love the intersection of the two that always seems to pull to the extreme side of the debates.
That said, I obviously like that we have the forum to discuss such things in, I just don't support this particular effort to advance either field.  
If, on the other hand, someone wanted to appeal to BTC users to raise money to create a lobbying group to combat the NRA and represent moderate gun owners, I would of course be all for it.
At least we are having the conversations.
@_date: 2013-05-02 16:45:01
Prostitution hurts many people.  Primarily the prostitutes.
@_date: 2013-02-04 18:40:36
@_date: 2013-03-28 19:22:01
So you are saying you haven't checked out the rest of Reddit since January?
@_date: 2013-04-11 23:15:21
This is one of the best articles that I have seen, hands-down.
@_date: 2013-08-23 15:50:38
I actually wrote to them after hearing the story on the radio.  Here is what I said:
To Whom It May Concern,
I learned about your organization through a piece on NPR, and I wanted to ask you about whether you currently use/accept Bitcoin, or would be open to doing so in the future.
If you aren't familiar, Bitcoin (BTC) is a digital currency with several unique features which would be very advantageous to your aims, in particular the ability to send money anywhere, nearly instantly, without paying the usual exchange fees.
Specifically of interest to you, there is already an organization allowing for BTC transfer integrated with M-Pesa: Kipochi [this is a link in the e-mail]
In addition, the growth of Bitcoin has created a substantial number of activists who are looking for ways to do good with their new found wealth, and are already contributing to Bitcoin-friendly charities: Sean's Outpost, for example  [this is also a link]
Utilizing Bitcoin would allow you to both open up a new avenue for raising funds, but would also allow more of your money to get directly into the hands of those who need it, without being eaten away by fees.  Further, it would spread awareness of a rapidly growing technology to a segment of the population who stands to benefit form this knowledge.
I appreciate your time and consideration, and hope that you keep up the good work.  Please don't hesitate to contact me with any questions
@_date: 2013-03-26 16:31:53
You are right, it might be lazy, and they should read through the threads.  However, on average, people are often lazy, but the Bitcoin community will still need a lot of them to get on board at some point.  
We have schools to educate people, even though I am pretty sure that there are books on math and grammar.  First grade teachers teach first grade every year, without complaining that the new kids didn't catch the previous year's teaching.  You can expect people to educate themselves, but it's normal for people to need a certain amount of help up front, before they begin the voyage of self-discovery.  
The more people that we can help take that first step, before sending them off into the internet to learn more, the better.  Otherwise they might just walk away, thinking "Bitcoin is apparently just a club for mean jerks online."
@_date: 2013-01-24 19:59:34
Sell Mortimer!  SELL
@_date: 2013-03-20 20:13:03
I had better wire Raphael some more money...
@_date: 2013-04-26 17:00:20
With some recent questions about stolen bitcoins, the issue has come up of the possibility that someone's mobile device might be the weak link, especially if there is a plaintext version of a password or a relatively weak 8-digit password involved.
People discussed thinking that their apps were not the problem because they didn't look malicious, but this article reveals that someone could download a perfectly "clean" app, and then the app maker could push automatic changes to the user's phone, which might turn the app into a trojan horse, of sorts.
The good news is, it sounds like Google is closing that security hole.
@_date: 2013-02-10 05:00:30
You realize you are making the same argument that I made for moving out of America if you don't want to pay taxes right?
If you don't want to pay US tax rates, then move to a country with lower taxes.  It's certainly selfish to force your neighbors to pay for your public services and utilities because you don't want to.
@_date: 2013-03-20 19:00:36
Must be an extra $20k just today, since the Mods posted the $150k figure just yesterday.  Nice growth.
@_date: 2013-03-20 23:52:14
I do think that Bitcoin will exist alongside traditional state-backed currency.  I think that the common "digital gold" simple explanation is a decent one, rendering bitcoins as a store of wealth that can also be used for transactions.  Keep in mind that an essentially deflationary, untraceable currency like gold existed for thousands of years during which time governments still had a monopoly on issuing currency and collected taxes.  These things aren't mutually exclusive.
I think that a lot of bitcoin transactions will escape traditional government controls, but I am not convinced that corporate entities, and even individuals, will ever have no reason to convert them back into fiat (or at least not any time soon), which will allow the government to take a slice.
Honestly, I do think that "profit" made on Bitcoin should be taxed, simply because I don't see how the type of currency you choose to store your wealth in makes a difference other than ease of tax fraud.  I know that it's unpopular around here, but until people chose to move to Canada, stop driving on public roads, sending their kids to public schools, getting their utilities from energy companies that get tax subsidies, etc., they should pay their taxes.
I say this knowing that there is waste, and that the government spends money on things that I don't personally support, but that's what democracy is, a give and take.  I didn't vote for George Bush Jr., but that doesn't mean that I was in open rebellion against him.  I went to the University of Massachusetts, and got a great education that was paid for in part by tax dollars.  I was against the war in Iraq.  Medicare paid for a lot of my grandmother's medical insurance bills when she got cancer.  Oil companies get tax breaks, but we have national parks.  This is a country of myriad different people with different needs and wants, and it is selfish to think the system should only reflect what I want.
I am willing to pay my share because I am pretty sure that I wouldn't have the luxury of disposable income to invest in Bitcoin without all of the  benefits that I have had from being in the greatest nation on earth.  I may not love everything about this country or this government, but people oversimplify the equation when they disregard the importance of publicly-funded education going back 100+ years, or government subsidies to industries that provided us with technological innovations that led to both the computers and the internet infrastructure that allows us to have this debate.
@_date: 2013-04-26 15:45:13
Hah, I work here, and if there are more topics you would like to see, I can make sure that they get made.
edit: before you ask, no, I am not Keith Barker.
@_date: 2013-01-23 00:20:02
It depends on how you are mining.  If your plan was to set up a few GPUs or FPGAs in a rig, then your friend is right, you missed the boat on that.
If you want to invest, then your choices are ASIC miner or just buying the bitcoins themselves.
@_date: 2013-01-24 22:36:12
I don't think I understand the context here.  What price did you buy in at?  
And if you were selling on the downside of the market, then do you mean you sold as soon as it was less than $16, since it never got down to $15 in today's trading?  
By selling, wouldn't that have simply locked in your "slow and steady earnings," just not at the top of the market?
i.e. - I bought in around $13.50, and sold some today around $16.50.  Granted it was not great compared to the $18.50 I could have sold at if I were psychic, but it was still profitable.  A missed profit is still 1000x better than an actualized loss.
@_date: 2013-05-02 22:57:10
Unfortunately, probably not.  Even in countries where prostitution is not illegal, these problems remain.  A large part of the reason is that the fact that it's illegal has nothing to do with factors that force people into the profession in the first place.
It is by nature an exploitative practice, regardless of the legality.  For a young girl being forced into sex work, whether it is in exchange for "protection" or because her parents are in debt, the fact that it is legal or illegal doesn't matter.
@_date: 2013-11-29 17:16:48
No, I think that he is referring to my comment about capital gains, and there is actually a long-term capital gains exception if your base income is under a certain level.
@_date: 2013-04-22 17:21:41
This is obviously good news, and another case of the "win-win-win" environment that can exist with good finance practice.  Bitfinex gets more reliability and security to attract users to their service, the insurer has a way to make a profit by providing a large amount of upfront capital, and the small lenders get the option of protecting themselves from crashes if they choose (and paying for it), or gambling with their funds as they see fit.
@_date: 2013-03-14 23:05:27
This is an index measure, not a volume measure.  These numbers for each term are normalized and scaled relative to themselves over time.
So what this shows is that searches for Bitcoin are increasing much faster than those for US Dollar, not that there were more of them.
@_date: 2013-04-09 17:20:33
It actually can be fragmented, to many more decimal places than a dollar!  All the way down to a "Satoshi," of which there are 100,000,000 per 1 BTC.
@_date: 2013-08-25 00:36:20
Why is this in the r/Bitcoin sub?
@_date: 2013-04-11 22:03:14
The second that happens?  Did you not read the article, where it says they bought in a year ago when the USD price was still in the single digits?
@_date: 2013-05-20 23:30:37
Not to mention the fact that some anecdotal evidence about merchants offering BTC discounts tells us absolutely nothing.  We don't even know if this is getting people not to hoard coins.
@_date: 2013-10-01 17:51:21
Terrible news to see the day after I received my BitForce Single miner from BFL.  If it had shipped a month ago, I might have broken even, but now, not even close.  It would have taken a while at the current difficulty, but if it is going up that that much that soon, I'm screwed.
@_date: 2013-03-20 16:49:22
see psonik's response above.  A lot of people, like EFF, Wikipedia, and a number of smaller vendors, are sitting on the sideline looking in because they don't know where Bitcoin sits in the legal sphere, and any clarification that doesn't come in the form of a ban will help encourage them to get involved.
@_date: 2013-01-15 19:24:02
This is false, from an economic standpoint.  Scarcity can increase value of an asset, but for a currency that only works up to a point after which lack of sufficient supply for liquidity means that people can't use it for trade in which case demand falls.
If you are a merchant thinking about accepting bitcoins when suddenly it is revealed that most (it doesn't even have to be EVERY one) bitcoins are locked up in Bank of America's vault and will not be in circulation, you have no more incentive to accept them since your customers won't have them.
A central banker only creates volatility if they are TRADING the BTC they buy, not holding them.  Not to mention, too much volatility in the exchange price (caused by extremely low volume) is more likely to drive the value down, since people are buying these and hoarding them for the most part today.  If the value is subject to large, unpredictable swings, then they wouldn't be useful as a store of wealth, and demand would decrease.
@_date: 2013-03-28 21:55:57
Yeah, mtgox has a busted display for the price, it is at 77 now and about to fall much more, when the 2000+ BTC asks get triggered around 78
@_date: 2013-07-01 17:50:25
A few things:  
1.) There is just as much bad news as good, and the "big news out of China" is not that big, other than that more people are producing/using ASICs.  Even the article today says that "hundreds" of people in China are investing, which isn't much growth.
2.) The number of small businesses is likewise nice to see, but probably doesn't represent significant growth.  I think that part of the problem is what is known as "availability bias" in which we think what we see here in r/bitcoin is a representative sample of the broader world, when in fact it is more likely the entire sample space, or close to it.
3.) Stagnating isn't quite accurate.  The price is falling, even if that's what you were trying not to say.  A 25% drop in 30 days is not stagnation.
This is largely a post-media blitz let down, as we continue to find a proper level after the bubble/crash period.  Bitcoin got a lot of free press at the time, and is now losing that attention to newer stories.  Additionally, the regulatory landscape is still not clear, which means that it is safer for businesses and miners to hold dollars rather than BTC.  Finally, when the price is going up, it makes sense to hold BTC from a financial standpoint, but when the price is going down as it has been for the last few months, steadily, it makes more sense to cash out as you get BTC.
@_date: 2013-01-24 21:23:54
Just buy back in now around $16.25, problem solved.
@_date: 2013-02-12 04:41:09
You (and anyone else here) can "see the social contract" by reading up on the philosophy surrounding the concept.  It isn't like there is a US social contract and a different Canadian one, it is a theory of how individuals collectivize authority and give that authority legitimacy based on an exchange of rights and protections.
You are right that the government uses force, but I am arguing that, if as you say, most people believe that it is legitimate (regardless of your personal feelings), then it is in fact legitimate, based on the consensus of the body politic.  That widespread "delusion" that you speak of is the consent of the governed, made legitimate by the very fact that it is so widespread.  If the thuggery goes to far, and the majority of the people revolt or change their opinions, then it is no longer legitimate.
Prosperity does come from value creation, but you are not giving the role that government provided infrastructure plays in that value creation, for one.  
It's also just plain silly to make this a "good vs evil" argument.  By providing health care and shelter to the poor, agents of the state are doing good, where private enterprise would be evil and let them starve if it helped the bottom line.  You say that a non-government entity could do the same without evil, but every time corporations have been able to act as authorities, it has been substantially worse (see any work on the development of Caribbean, South American, or African nations, or even the powerful mining corporations of the southeastern US in the early 20th century).
I agree that society does not equal government, but they are not separate either; government is an aspect of society.  Most of the great things that society can achieve are in large part due to the government taking care of things that allow "societies" (in the anthropological sense), to be so large and productive, rather than working in smaller tribal groups.
All that said, lest this be construed as too strong a defense of government, as I mentioned I think that there are a lot of areas that the government could improve upon, including taxation.  I agree that the government commits bad acts at times, and should be less ready to drop bombs in foreign countries, but that still doesn't mean that on the whole it doesn't provide valuable service, or do more good than harm.
@_date: 2013-11-20 20:44:01
I was trying to do a transaction through localbitcoins, and this screwed it up ROYALLY.  Both the buyer and I had to leave but I had already sent, and since there were no confirmations he didn't want to give any money since he couldn't see it.  I now have to trust him to send me my coins back.
Bigger problem than I was expecting.
@_date: 2013-04-10 21:07:58
Well, I have had personal correspondence with the founder for months, and he has had several chances to run off with my money in particular and never did so.  He knows that it isn't "pretty," but it is pretty functional, and improving all the time.
There is a forum site that was invitation-only, not sure if it is out of beta ( that actually "looks" better  than the trading site.
That said, they have been around since well before the price increase in the last few months, and have nearly $1 million USD being loaned for leveraged trading, and have always been super responsive with their users.  When positions have been closed due to API problems with MTGox resulting in users losing money, they have simply paid them their losses out of the money they make, they are that good.  
I don't own any piece of this company, but I am a huge fan.  Raphael has always been great to deal with, and provided a much needed service.  Full disclosure, I got into all of this as someone who had been trading the forex on OANDA for years, so I have a bias towards this kind of site, but the customer service is what has impressed me.
If this site were an ebay seller, I would say "A++, would do business with again!"
@_date: 2013-02-19 17:53:35
I see what you are saying, and it boils down to, 'there is no such thing as intellectual property,' which is a somewhat different argument.  We will be at odds over this because both of our positions are logically consistent based on the definition that we are using.  As I believe in IP, my statement is correct because legally speaking, it is theft to make an identical copy of copyrighted/patented material and distribute it yourself.  
You statement is correct if you don't think that people have the right to protect their IP.  In that view, ownership is based on physically possessing something, so if something can't be physically taken, it can't be stolen.  This is logically sound, but based on a hypothetical alternative legal universe, which is fine.  Under current IP law, however, making a copy is legally stealing, even if it didn't remove something from my possession, because I can 'own' the right not just to each physical manifestation of chair C, but also the design and manufacturer thereof including future copies.  You can argue that you don't like the law, and that's a legitimate argument, but you can't argue that it isn't true.
We also have differing definitions of "harm" apparently, but it isn't a logical disconnect in either case, it is a matter of two logical chains based on those different definitions.
@_date: 2013-05-02 19:43:06
Not sure wtf you are talking about.  I am saying the opposite of that.  I said the prostitutes suffer already, not that they should be made to suffer.  I was arguing that it was a terrible analogy for the FinCEN reco.
@_date: 2013-05-15 16:42:22
Welp, that all seems pretty clear, and pretty damning of Mark and MTGox.  If he indeed lied on the forms that he submitted to  Wells Fargo, in addition to not licensing his company as a money transmitter (and given the FINcen recommendation, that's just silly), then he had this coming.
@_date: 2013-03-20 22:51:00
But I think that's the point, at least from where I am sitting.  When it comes to macroeconomics, I am more of a Keynesian than anything else (well, it's more complicated than that, but that's good enough for this purpose), but I still love Bitcoin.  I am fascinated by it from a technological and social standpoint, regardless of how it effects national fiscal policies.  Also, as someone who has done a fair amount of FOREX trading over the last few years, it is really interesting to see it from just a pure currency standpoint.  Or international development and anti-poverty measures: as micro-finance studies have shown, one of the large issues facing almost 1/3 of the world's population is lack of access to financial instruments and banking options, which Bitcoin can help with.
I don't know, I think there is actually really broad appeal to this, and it is a topic that I would love to be able to discuss with people who DON'T share my opinions because that's how I can be exposed to different ideas and perspectives I hadn't thought of.  Instead, I just get called names and told that I don't understand how the world works, or that I am some statist stooge (not true).
@_date: 2013-05-01 16:45:01
Having visited the site, it works by them charging over a 50% mark-up.  While the value of a BTC is currently $127.50, they are charging $193.75 via PayPal.
That kind of margin will allow them to handle the fraud.  So basically, they are asking legitimate buyers to subsidize thieves.
You can also only buy a single bitcoin at a time.
@_date: 2013-02-17 22:52:45
I'm gonna be in Portland on a Saturday and a Monday next month.  Can you extend the offer to accept BTC, oh, I don't know, anytime?
@_date: 2013-07-09 17:57:45
A word of advice from a marketing professional:  If you do decide to run ads outside of reddit, don't have them drive back to reddit.  
A user who is curious will find that to be a terrible experience.  You need to consider what the goal of the campaign is.  What action do you want them to take?  Then create a landing page that makes it easy for them to do so.
@_date: 2013-02-06 16:34:49
bitfinex.com, as mentioned below, has a great service for trading on BTC.
  
To short, they allow traders to borrow leverage in bitcoins to buy dollars on the exchange, making the bet that the amount you make in dollar appreciation against bitcoins will allow you to repay the loan and keep the profit.
@_date: 2013-04-10 17:00:02
This is hilarious.  If you think it's a bubble, you are the one who should be selling... to me.
@_date: 2013-05-15 22:09:36
For all that we want to pick this apart and mock it, it will probably have far more users than Bitcoin in 6-12 months.  It's not a competitor, since it isn't a new currency, but it is much more user friendly as a payment system, even with the fee.
@_date: 2013-04-04 19:17:32
I am glad it was.  That section was just for "what big names are saying"  not "praise for bitcoin."
You never want an idea to be in an insulated bubble of people who agree with each other.  It's stifling.
@_date: 2013-02-17 05:58:43
Has anyone in the community actually reached out to him specifically?  It's possible that he isn't even aware of Bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-02-06 16:48:31
BitFunder allows you to buy shares of SDice, in a very user-friendly way.
@_date: 2013-01-22 17:21:27
As someone who has been trading on the Forex for years using only technical analysis, I wondered if it would be worth doing the same thing.  However, looking at BTC specifically, it really isn't.  There isn't enough stable history for good chart work, volume is still too low and volatility is still far too high, based almost entirely on fundamentals.
I would love to discuss the evolution of bitcoin trading from a technical standpoint, but I disagree with the idea that there is currently data that allows for significant predictive value.
@_date: 2013-10-07 18:50:19
My average reward just dropped by about 20% with the most recent difficulty change.  Went from "not going to make my money back" to "definitely never going to make my money back" on a BFL machine that shipped 9 months late.
It seems that the "gold rush" period of mining is over.  As with real gold, there is still plenty of it to be mined in the world, but that doesn't mean that the rush, when regular people could just go out and turn a profit with the sweat of their brow and some luck, didn't end after just a few years.
@_date: 2013-04-30 16:12:35
You are feeding an obvious troll.  He called us all slaves, and called you a "sociopath and a monster" because you had a different opinion from him about inflation.  That's not a real PoV.
@_date: 2013-05-21 22:17:33
If this is a company though, it isn't P2P.  I always had to show and FID/LTC when purchasing ammo in a store, but that might depend on the state as well.
@_date: 2013-01-10 22:18:42
It's nice to see that the market can absorb that kind of liquidity without having too large an effect on price
@_date: 2013-06-04 18:04:13
These seem to all be gold related.  I don't really care about that too much.
@_date: 2013-02-03 02:47:14
 allows really easy leveraged trading, and the site has been undergoing rapid improvements lately.  They are also building a community/forum site to help traders and provide more visibility and transparency (in beta right now).
Basically, leverage limits are based on the assets in your account to ensure that you can cover any losses on borrowed money, but the system is set up so that users can offer loans for leveraged trades and the trader can select the most attractive terms offered.
@_date: 2013-07-05 20:43:23
All currencies fail over a long timeline; fiat, paper, or otherwise.  Bitcoin will too.  This is a contest of "what currency will last until the heat-death of the universe," simply a question of what will happen with one currency in the medium-short term.
@_date: 2013-01-14 23:08:02
For the various arguments about why or why it wouldn't be profitable for a large entity to do what I am suggesting, none of it addresses the OP.  
Basically, I was responding to the arguments that abound about whether or not it is possible to "shut down" Bitcoin, or accumulate enough hashing power to wreck the network, etc, while to me, the easiest way for an 'enemy' to take down Bitcoin would be to simply leverage the massive financial advantage of the established banking/payment service/centralized authority.
@_date: 2013-10-25 16:24:04
Here is the key quote: 
"Another way to reduce your taxable income is to give to charity. It could be even more valuable if you donate highly appreciated assets that you have owned for at least a year. You could claim the current fair market value as a tax deduction (up to the allowable limits) without having to realize the gain as income on your tax return."
If you give a bunch of $175 bitcoins to a registered charity (Sean's Outpost?), you get to DEDUCT that dollar value from your taxable income that you earned in dollars at your day job.
The article goes on to explain how it is better for both the tax-payer and the charity to just give the asset, rather than cash it out and give the charity cash.
Everyone worries about how taxes with Bitcoin will penalize them, but here is a great way that it can benefit you in your interactions with Uncle Sam!
@_date: 2013-03-19 20:51:03
Yes they can.  the smallest unit is called a "Satoshi," and you can move the decimal over 8 places.
@_date: 2013-05-16 15:56:29
The authority comes from the people that you are talking about.  We vote for them (and before you say "but I didn't vote for them!" remember that this is a collective thing, not an individual one), and vest them with the powers to govern.  
This is all laid out in some famous documentation, such as the Constitution, and any amendation has been made by bodies of elected officials.  
Once a majority of people considers enforcing the laws "stealing," we might start to see a change.  
@_date: 2013-05-24 21:02:20
Fair point, I suppose, though I don't know that anyone is really accusing OpenCoin of lying.  Unfortunately, if only predatory corporations use Ripple to create bad products, it is naturally going to fall with them.
@_date: 2013-02-19 22:45:55
Finally, a comparison that I can wrap my head around!
@_date: 2013-04-04 17:03:12
Gold is not currency (and hasn't been for a while), gold is just a store of wealth.  The idea is that Bitcoin can offer an exchange medium that also holds its value like gold.
@_date: 2013-04-07 01:22:10
That would be great, I am a monthly contributor, and I would love to pay in bitcoins!  Then my contribution would be more valuable as time went on!
@_date: 2013-12-02 21:23:46
I see no reason that he will have any trouble selling those coins, like any other stolen good.  He will have to sell them for less than market value, but plenty of people will be willing to take them off his hands.  
If they aren't fungible, it isn't valuable as a currency, so we can't go treating anyone who ends up with one of these coins as a pariah.
For all we know, he could have already sold them.  What we can see is them moving around, not who owns them.
@_date: 2013-05-08 22:34:27
there is r/BitcoinBeginners to help for one.
Also, you can watch all the training videos here: 
@_date: 2013-08-16 19:35:51
We are looking at investment differently.  When I speak of 'investment' in this context it has nothing to do with the value of the money in real terms, but rather in terms of resource allocation.  I am not speaking of the ability of the investor to increase wealth (though that is an effect), but of the injection of capital where it is needed, transferring money from surplus to utility.
As far as the part about appreciation/deflation of money and its effect on the distribution of value, the situation you describe is essentially the same, wherein people who have surplus (i.e. can hold/hoard money) are the ones who benefit, so the "new value" is in fact concentrated, much in the way it is now, just in a different small number of hands.
The part about a deflationary currency never having liquidity problems is just crazy.  That's never been the case, and is illogical.  Money that becomes more valuable resists being in the market.  The whole point of a currency that is a means of exchange is that it's natural "ideal" state is being in the market by definition.  If you have to "entice" money into the market, then it isn't acting as a good currency.
@_date: 2013-04-12 21:51:17
How is this going to be different from bitfinex.com, aside from a prettier interface?
@_date: 2013-12-03 00:55:34
What information do they know though?  Again, we have no idea whether the person who has the current addresses the coins are in is in any way affiliated with the thief at this point.  The assumption is that the thief is just moving them around his own addresses to cover his tracks, but each of those movements could be a sale, for all we know.
@_date: 2013-08-22 18:12:37
I ordered a single in January, which I still haven't got.  Does this affect me?  No?  Oh, I was never really going to get that anyway?  I see...
@_date: 2013-04-04 18:11:38
How about the whole "getting change back to a newly created address" business?  This seems to cause a lot of consternation, and I haven't actually experienced it yet so I would like to avoid any problems when I do.  What exactly happens in this case, and what should I do to make sure I don't lose coins?
@_date: 2013-05-23 16:36:29
This will be an interesting test of the network's insidiousness.  
@_date: 2013-01-23 00:45:27
I wouldn't worry about competing, I think that a threat about technical analysis can only benefit from having multiple viewpoints and philosophies.
I for one don't go in for Elliot Wave theory, primarily because of the 'Rorschach 'effect it has (you can see it in any chart if you want to), and loosely defined rules of what constitutes a "wave."
That said, maybe this is the market that it works for.  I haven't seen it in a brief look at the last 3-6 months of data since reading your comment, but if you wanted to post some charts overlaid with what you think demonstrates the waves, I for one would be very interested to see it.  
The more, the merrier!
@_date: 2013-01-24 20:56:47
Thankfully, you watched the Wile E. Coyote version of a snuff film.
@_date: 2013-03-13 15:51:38
Right.  People also said similar things about the Euro with Greece and Spain, but the fact that there is collective need to protect the currency meant that the ECB was willing to put up walls around those countries financially.
In the same way, if it looks like Japan is going to have real trouble, the rest of the developed world is going to jump in to help, since a cliff-like crash hurts everyone.  Zero-interest short term loans will be offered, and central banks will buy JPN bonds at low-yield.
Japan has been running deficits well out of proportion to their GDP for a very long time, and no one has ever had an issue with buying their bonds, because they have "great credit," for lack of a better term.  Not to mention the fact that a bit of inflation helps the Japanese in terms of exports, which for a country that size is extremely important.
We have to keep in mind that in financial terms at this scale a "collapse" doesn't happen over night.  It often takes months or years to unfold as situations fluctuate and people try to stop the bleeding with varying degrees of success.  Three years ago people were convinced that Greece would default on their debt at any moment, abandon the Euro, and be driven back into the fiscal stone age.  Never happened.
@_date: 2013-05-24 23:53:30
It is true of Bitcoin as well.  Bitcoin will thrive because it survived in spite of Silk Road, not because of it.  Additionally, Bitcoin managed to get away with a lot in its early days by toiling in obscurity.  By hitching onto the now very visible Bitcoin bandwagon, Ripple doesn't have the chance to hide those embarrassing early days in obscurity. 
@_date: 2013-05-18 20:27:41
People have been waiting for this, it's a nice development of the platform, even if I won't be using it.  Nice work guys.
@_date: 2013-11-18 21:04:11
So we know that there will be taxpayer guidance, but we don't know exactly when it will be released?
As long as it is by Jan/Feb...
@_date: 2013-07-19 19:06:38
That's great news!  Every time it looks like they are going to go down, they stagger back.  While I agree that it isn't good for one exchange to have had 80+% of the business for so long, I do hope to see them remain as a big player in the game.
@_date: 2013-02-28 21:25:50
No, it's very different because gold isn't a medium of exchange.  You can't just slap something like BitPay on your site and accept gold as a form of payment.  
If people allow you to spend bitcoins on their sites, it doesn't matter what currency they decide to hold in their account, you are still spending bitcoins for goods/services.  Gold has to be cashed out into another currency before it can be spent.
@_date: 2013-03-09 21:07:27
Actually, this isn't true. Only the contraction of "it is" receives the apostrophe.  Both the plural and the possessive are simply "its."
@_date: 2013-04-21 01:39:29
For the record, I have no idea if this is a scam or not.  If he used the service, and got what he paid for, then he doesn't get a refund, obviously.
However, the price is not relevant.  If he paid you a price denominated in bitcoins for a service that he didn't get, he should have his payment returned to him, which in this case would be .665 bitcoins, because they wouldn't have been yours in the first place.
Like I said, I have no idea who is right or wrong in terms of "does he deserve a refund?"  But if you are agreeing that he does (which you might be, if you want to give him $3.50), then give him his money (BTC) back.  
This is probably a lesson for everyone selling in BTC, which is to make your refund policy very clear.
@_date: 2013-08-22 17:46:23
Intelligence absolutely does NOT predict education.  This is a basic fallacy that is tainting all of the rest of your logic.  Additionally, you are vastly overestimating the effect of reproduction here, since measurable "intelligence" (based on the types of aptitude tests that are commonly used in this sort of research), has been repeatedly shown to have little to no genetic influence.
Intelligent people tend to raise intelligent kids, not birth them, and socioeconomic status is a much better predictor of performance on IQ tests than the IQ of the parents.
@_date: 2013-01-18 22:55:26
Thanks, but the problem is that you have to be logged into the wallet in order to import the private key, and she can't remember the password.
Even worse, I think she made the paper wallet before he paid the bonuses /unclear on the concept.  
It is hard explaining this to a grandmother.  Also, I am going blind looking at the large-print version of IE6.
@_date: 2013-03-20 16:47:12
Love this.  Al Gore is a great guy, and one of those figures whose stock actually increased substantially by not being a politician any longer, and being able to say and support things he actually believes in, like Bitcoin, apparently.
@_date: 2013-04-10 19:42:57
The "weak hands -&gt; strong hands" idea was clearly just a myth to convince people not to sell.  Now that there is actually a huge opportunity to buy in at a low cost, the "strong hands" are no where to be seen.  No one is buying.
@_date: 2013-03-11 17:38:11
Yeah, well, if you want someone to have access to your bank account, you are going to want them to verify your identity.  That's for your security as much as their own.
 for you.
@_date: 2013-04-09 18:05:39
Right now, there isn't a use for Satoshis, but if one day the value of a bitcoin is $100,000, then buying some candy with it will require significantly smaller denominations.  It will also allow the lubrication of the system through very small transaction fees, to ensure that miners have incentive to keep mining, without being more expensive than Visa/PayPal charges, etc.
Consider that level of denomination a "just in case" feature for a perfect-world scenario where Bitcoin takes over the world.
@_date: 2013-03-28 19:39:44
Heh, I don't disagree, but I don't want to be seen as pushing an agenda, even if the content is free.  If you want to suggest it, be my guest.  
I basically just post here as myself, this isn't the company social team's account (you can usually find them in the /network and /cisco subs.
+bitcointip secret_bitcoin_login $1
@_date: 2013-06-04 19:00:45
This is a false dichotomy.  The government's regulation has nothing to do with peer-to-peer transactions, and they have said as much in the FINcen guidelines.  Bitcoin users are free to exchange them amongst themselves, just as the protocol wants them to.  
I can still send BTC to a friend in Spain with no middle man or financial institution, right?  It is neither illegal nor impossible with the current regulations in place.
Are you saying that the exchanges, which are a part of the very established financial order that you are railing against, shouldn't be regulated?  The peer-to-peer aspect of Bitcoin is unchanged by these government regulations.  It still removes the financial institutions just like Satoshi wanted.
@_date: 2013-03-20 20:29:44
Almost more fun than Gore getting on board...
@_date: 2013-04-24 17:39:43
Fixed that price increase problem for ya.  You're welcome.
@_date: 2013-05-14 20:07:06
...and there goes the price.  This might be the government kill shot, right before the big conference.  If the government has demonstrated that they will not allow US users to exchange their BTC for dollars, why would a vendor accept them.
Does anyone know if BitPay is still up and running?  Aren't they a US-based company changing large amounts of BTC to dollars?
@_date: 2013-04-08 19:26:59
This is the case, at least it was for me.
@_date: 2013-03-20 18:59:28
It's distressing how many people on these forums can't accept that different kinds of people, or people with views different from their own, can support Bitcoin.  You don't have to be a libertarian, or an anarchist, or a conservative, or anything else, to appreciate Bitcoin.  
It seems like they would rather have fewer supporters for the community if it meant more idealogical "purity," which seems like the very antithesis of both BTC and true libertarianism.
@_date: 2013-03-14 23:26:25
@_date: 2013-01-18 01:56:46
Yeah, my company started offering bonuses in BTC, so our CEO has placed several large orders in the last two weeks.
@_date: 2013-01-10 23:12:50
I guess it depends on what you mean by "any legit business."  Any legit business in the financial services sector absolutely asks for this information.  How did you get your bank account that you want to move money to or from?
Basically, whenever a company is going to have control over, and therefore liability for, a consumer's money, it is normal for them to go to great lengths to assure that you are who you claim to be.
Bitcoin is still anonymous, but MTGox never claimed to be.  The problem is that there aren't a lot of services that allow you to move into BTC from fiat or in the other direction while remaining anonymous.  
Luckily, I am working on a proposal to create an entity that will do that, because I agree, the Dwolla/MTGox/BitInstant process is too cumbersome to encourage adoption.
@_date: 2013-02-03 02:25:56
I bought my shares on Bitfunder.com, and that was pretty easy.  You have to set up an account at weexchange.com to move BTC to and from, but they don't require any proof of ID or anything, and it only takes a few minutes.
Much easier asset trading interface, as well
@_date: 2013-01-21 18:12:59
+bitcointip  $0.5
@_date: 2013-11-13 06:35:54
Wait, you have over $360,000 in student loan debt?  Did you get three Harvard degrees or something?
@_date: 2013-04-23 04:03:20
I think that the thing that bothers me most is that they decided to put all of their first batch chips into shipping jalepenos (so that can say that they shipped a higher volume of orders), while those of us who paid more money months ago for Singles (or Mini-Rigs) just have to watch.  
You would think that the people who put more faith in them (by risking more in paying for a more expensive product that at the time didn't exist), would get some kind of preferential treatment.
Oh well, just glad that they turned out to be real.  I don't have to defend my purchase (as much) anymore.
@_date: 2013-04-03 16:12:58
Agree with below.  Dwolla transfers are $0.25, regardless of amount, and more importantly, once you have the bank -&gt; Dwolla -&gt;Mt. Gox pipeline set up, it makes getting USD into or out of BTC much easier.
Or, you could go localbitcoins.com, but you will pay a significant mark-up.
@_date: 2013-06-06 16:02:05
Is this guy for real?  Drunk driving and domestic violence?  These aren't even good analogues, regardless of the fact that the point he is making is nonsensical on its face.
@_date: 2013-11-19 17:16:28
bitfinex.com is one of the main places you can go long/short BTC with leverage.
@_date: 2013-05-01 22:03:43
I didn't know that the bitcoin wireless service went down so fast.  That didn't get the play around here as the launch did...
@_date: 2013-01-08 00:22:41
I think along these same lines, it would probably be really valuable to be able to put money on/activate an XBox live account with BTC
@_date: 2013-03-06 21:11:32
There is a site that offers magin/short trading:  
@_date: 2013-03-12 17:27:14
From today?  I haven't seen many articles about this outside of bitcoin circles yet (there is usually a lag for large media outlets).  The only article I have seen was the Ars Technica article which is neutral at best.  CNN, Forbes, TechWeek, etc., which provided some of the biggest coverage recently, have yet to weigh in.
Those are the ones I worry about, since they reach a far wider, and more important audience.
@_date: 2013-05-15 18:01:03
That's a tough sell, when the entire world calls it a decentralized, digital currency.  It IS a currency, and this smells obviously like fraud, at least in terms of the Wells Fargo form.
Just saying "We don't need no stinkin' license" doesn't make it so, in the face of government regulation.
@_date: 2013-03-20 21:16:10
Ah, you are suggesting that it's either/or.  I already have some BTC, and I keep them available for lending on BFX (though no one wants to borrow them right now) so that I can take advantage of the market moving in either direction.
@_date: 2013-01-25 21:01:18
Dang, that's what, like $16,000 worth of physical bitcoins?  
@_date: 2013-02-18 20:28:12
I actually didn't down vote you.  I have never used that function on Reddit.
Your argument is false though.  If someone wants your IP, they are a potential customer.  There are a finite number of potential customers, and therefore revenue, so one when person who wants what you have gets it for free, what you are losing is the potential to make money.
If someone steals your apples, you still have an orchard, but it DOESN'T BRING THE STOLEN APPLES BACK.  Just because you can still make more, doesn't undo the damage of the original lost income.
Let's say I make a new software, which has a potential market of 1000 users (call it some really specific architecture software or something), who can really use it and want to have it.  I sell one, and then that guy gives it to the other 999 for free.  The fact that I still have the software is meaningless if I no longer have a market for it.  It's the same as if I sold one apple and the other 999 were stolen.
More important than the fact that you are wrong mathematically though, is the fact that you are trying to use faulty logic to justify an even more untenable moral position.  I won't down vote you for it, though.
@_date: 2013-02-09 21:32:34
@_date: 2013-11-03 06:38:50
I don't know why everyone tries to scare off new people (other than the obvious motivated self-interest to have fewer people mining), but it is a myth that mining is simply no longer profitable.
I just a week or two ago got some Avalon 60 GH, 595 watt miners, and they will be profitable (use the mining calculators to check these things), even at the current value of a bitcoin.
Keep in mind, the rigs I bought are EXTREMELY inefficient energy hogs, so any of the other miners are probably better in those terms.
How is this going to be profitable?  They were from the Tradehill Auction, so they only cost 2.5 or so BTC each, and will make more than that before they become too expensive to run.
I also have a BFL single, that I paid full price for ($1333 back in January), but it is so small and energy efficient that I get to run that at work, where we don't pay for energy usage, so that too, will eventually be profitable, even if it takes a while.
The point is, you have to consider equipment cost, energy cost, and value of BTC, but there are plenty of situations where it is profitable to mine, even now.  Make informed decisions, but don't listen to blanket truisms.
@_date: 2013-11-13 06:38:22
Mining bitcoins is the easiest "work" I have ever done.  I plugged some machines in a while ago.  Now money comes out.  Let's not get too high and mighty about how we have to work to get bitcoins, we are printing them just like governments print currency, just on a more rigid schedule in smaller amounts, but I am not 'earning' them in any moral sense.
Keep your politics out of my money machines!
@_date: 2013-01-22 17:15:20
only $3 million in transactions in 2012.  In a currency with a market cap of over $100,000,000 in that time.  While obviously not everyone uses BitPay, this just highlights what a small percentage of bitcoins are actually being used to buy things.  
Still encouraging though, and I would like to see how much of that $3 million was just in Q4.
@_date: 2013-04-10 16:20:53
I would donate in a heartbeat.  But I've been watching 'Castle' lately, and I think Mal is too fat...
@_date: 2013-04-10 19:41:43
Don't worry, I threw $1500 at 233, and $500 at $183, etc. all the way down to my first purchase at $13.50.  
The surprising part is that for all the people who for weeks have posted "please sell so that I can buy back in cheap!" now that there is a chance to actually do it, the 'buy' side of the order books are completely empty.  It was all false bravado.
@_date: 2013-02-06 00:32:18
So this was originally mentioned in another thread that our social team responded too, but there was confusion as to whether the content would be behind a paywall, and the content wasn't there yet.  Now this is a new page and the videos will be free to everyone! 
We here at CBT Nuggets have a big interest in helping this community grow and really wants to support Bitcoin, so feel free to share this and leave feedback, and it will get back to the guy who is making the videos.
@_date: 2013-03-20 20:16:15
I admit to being a late-comer to this party, but it just seems sad to me how Bitcoin can get this many people of different opinions into the same room, but they all stand in their respective corners and jeer at one another.
I feel like I share certain aspects of a lot of viewpoints represented, but the vitriol turns me off to most of them.
@_date: 2013-01-18 23:37:24
Hah, the guy is just crazy for Bitcoin, which is great.  He is working on a lot of bitcoin related material, but I don't want to give away too much too soon.  We will soon be accepting BTC on the site though, and I will mention it here then!
@_date: 2013-02-13 17:11:36
Well, it took four days, but we may have drilled down far enough to the point of agreement or at least grudging compromise.
I don't think that refusing to pay for services that you continue to take advantage of is peaceful protest.  Remember, when Thoreau did this he moved off the grid, so as not to be a part of the system he was protesting, and he also stopped paying his taxes in dollars publicly, and was arrested for it.  Hiding your income isn't protest, because protest is by nature standing up publicly for something.  You are creating an excuse to not pay in, but don't call it patriotism or altruism.
It sounds to me like you are still cynical.  You didn't come out of that phase, you just bought into it.  You are just a tax evader, not an idealist, regardless of the framework you build around that.  
Let me ask you this:  Are you filing any tax returns for the year on US dollar earnings?  Do you express your views outside of message boards?  Publish a newsletter, put your real name on it, refuse to pay all taxes, and then write a blog in prison and stage a hunger strike.  Then you will be a revolutionary.  Right now, you are just stealing from your fellow citizens who pay their taxes to support you.
@_date: 2013-01-07 17:36:25
Yeah, this seems like perhaps the biggest problem with bitcoin adoption as a whole.
I was also really gung-ho about it when I found out, and went through the steps to get a Dwolla account and MTGox account, submitted all of my information, ID scans, proof of residence, etc..  It then took weeks for MTGox to verify my account (which is required to use Dwolla to fund your account), so I went Dwolla -&gt; BitInstant -&gt; MTGox, which took a few % off each transaction (and failed twice, so I had to have BitInstant manually process the transactions after getting failure notifications).
Of course, during this time, the price of BTCs increased fairly substantially, so the delay ended up costing me a significant amount of money.
I was excited enough and dedicated enough to keep at it, and e-mail three different support teams constantly, spend the time and money, to finally get my foot in the door, but I could totally understand how other people would get frustrated.
We need the "average person" to be able to get into the ecosystem to support the volume of transactions and put pressure on retailers to accept BTC, so removing the barriers to entry is going to be vital to ever seeing this catch on.
@_date: 2013-04-15 16:14:25
The downvotes are probably because you are falling into the classic trap of calling something you disagree with "propoganda."  All the name-calling is what keeps much of the Bitcoin community from participating in meaningful discourse.
@_date: 2013-05-22 23:42:43
Seriously?  I would say there is very little chance that it is NOT the result of the DHS inquiry.  MTGox was doing 80% of the trades, and the US is by far the largest source of users on the exchanges.  Then, the most common method of getting money into/out of MTGox stopped being available.
How could that not depress trading on that platform, and therefore everywhere?
@_date: 2013-01-24 20:23:50
Should stabilize around $13.5-14 at the lowest.  I will set some buy orders around there.
@_date: 2013-02-21 19:01:06
Let's hope people bu SDICE shares.  I got killed on that, buying in about 3 days before Eric dumped a bunch of below-market shares into the exchange.
Once again, I sit back and wait for the Dutch to come to my rescue.
@_date: 2013-08-26 19:20:30
Especially since you focused only on the support/floor part.  This is more a flag than a channel, you just didn't draw the ceiling/resistance line from the peak down.
@_date: 2013-05-14 20:44:03
mutum siglum is in fact where US Dwolla users transfer their funds to, and it is a US registered LLC.
@_date: 2013-04-04 17:11:35
My company spent a lot of time and effort integrating BitPay, after hearing from people in forums that they would be interested in buying in bitcoins, but after several weeks have not had a single bitcoin sale.
The rapid price increase means that there really is no reason to buy anything in bitcoins.  Even if we offer a 10-20% discount, when the currency is increasing by that much per week, it doesn't make sense.
It's still important for merchants to accept it mainly for PR reasons, as it lends legitimacy and hope that people will buy things in the future when the volatility slows down, but for now that's the main reason.  
@_date: 2013-11-18 00:44:03
if you don't pay electricity, mining is still likely to be profitable
@_date: 2013-04-23 23:20:21
Are they carrying them by hand to the customers?
@_date: 2013-01-23 17:42:55
This was part of the reason that I was attracted to Bitcoin in the first place, I hope it never changes. 
@_date: 2013-05-24 20:12:44
I don't use the up-vote a lot, but I did on this.  I was excited about the concept of Ripple when I first heard about it, before too many details came out, but the more I learn the more I hate it.
The idea of a web of trust to allow peer to peer transactions outside of the blockchain was interesting.  
A corporation offering "funbucks" in order to trick people into giving them valuable currencies for their play money?  Not interesting.
@_date: 2013-03-11 16:11:48
My company recently started accepting bitcoins, and the implementation, even using BitPay, is actually more difficult that it appears.  In large part because, as is the case here, even if adding the BitPay button itself isn't hard, getting BTC sales to mesh with existing accounting software and infrastructure is tough.  
Also, for a company that offers digital service rather than a physical product, the time that it takes for the transaction to go through messes with automatic invoice generation software and a system that grants access once payment goes from "pending" to "confirmed," etc..  
Still worth doing, but having gone through the process, it's not as easy as just "copy and paste this snippet of code onto your site!"
@_date: 2013-05-14 23:21:00
Your mistake wasn't selling when you did, it was changing your mind and buying back in so soon.
@_date: 2013-03-07 18:29:45
As someone who does digital advertising for a living, $400 isn't going to get you very far.
@_date: 2013-05-14 16:39:50
This dovetails with the concept of "vendors should offer a discount to customers who use BTC to attract business."  It goes both ways, if a company wants BTC, they should incent customers to use them.  If the customers want companies to accept BTC, they should incent the company to accept them.
@_date: 2013-03-07 23:18:09
Seriously?  Man, I used to work a block from there and live on Prospect.  How long has there been a Bitcoin meetup group?  How long has that restaurant been there?  What did it replace?
@_date: 2013-03-09 21:02:41
Posts like this are why I enjoy coming here every day.
@_date: 2013-03-27 23:12:45
This might be somewhat true.  Austrian Economics had largely disappeared from the economic debate amongst scholars and people who actually had degrees in the field, in large part because most of the arguments are based on inferential conclusions about individual actions and motivations, and specifically reject econometrics and measurable statistics in aggregate.  This moved the school more into the realm of politics and social psychology and out of the economics debate for decades.
The re-birth of classical liberalism as a philosophy has brought it back again, though as you say, it is largely held by people who have an idealogical or political affinity for the laissez-faire, free-market type of capitalism.
@_date: 2013-01-10 19:51:09
This does not actually work.  PayPal can pull funds back not only from your PayPal account, but from the bank account that it is linked to.  Moving the money from PP to your bank doesn't protect you from chargeback, this is part of the agreement that they have with banks.
Otherwise, every seller would run this scam, not just for bitcoins.
@_date: 2013-02-04 18:05:21
I think that even if these drugs were legalized in the US, the stigma attached would still make paying in BTC attractive to users who didn't want their name attached to it.  Pornography is legal, but most people don't want it appearing on their credit card.
Which is why it would be great if some of the large online pornography sites started accepting BTC as payment.  I think there would be a lot of people who would buy a couple coins a month just to keep that transaction off of their monthly statements.  
...making my coins more valuable.
@_date: 2013-05-02 17:36:42
That's not moralizing, and I am not talking about the wives, or the "damage" that infidelity does.  I'm talking about the very real problems with prostitution and the inherent dynamics that it entails, including issues of abuse, human trafficking, and addiction.
@_date: 2013-04-10 17:23:25
IT'S NOT WORKING.  PANIC!  GET THE PRICE BACK DOWN TO $150.
@_date: 2013-03-09 00:39:39
Except that the point is it doesn't matter if the end purchaser is the one who has to convert the BTC to dollars, or if the middleman business does it.  The transaction is still being done in fiat, which means the ones servicing the transaction and collecting the fee are going to have to sell the bitcoins to get the capital, since this is an EXTREMELY capital intensive business.  The bitcoins are being sold either way.
@_date: 2013-04-22 18:51:30
Hah, that's certainly true.  Patient, and overly enthusiastic!
@_date: 2013-11-27 23:55:00
Isn't gold at ~$1240 per ounce?  So did you get a huge discount for paying with BTC?  
As far as I can tell you paid about $480 worth of BTC for about $620 worth of gold...
@_date: 2013-05-14 16:38:18
For what it's worth, I have a lot of experience with Google reps, and they are actually pretty good at "running stuff up the chain" over there.  I have friends who work in the Chicago and New York offices, and while yes, they want to increase ad spend at the account rep level, they are also almost all dedicated, innovative, tech-savvy people who don't want to be the ones who ignored an opportunity.
Maybe if we all tell our reps that we will increase spend by 10% if we can pay in BTC, they will listen.  It's win-win!
@_date: 2013-11-15 21:01:57
The price hasn't changed everyone.  The price was 1 BTC, and it still is.  We can't cry about how the world is so USD oriented and nothing is priced and transacted in BTC, then blame companies that do so for something they can't control, like the exchange rate.
Do you think that European companies keep changing the prices of their products based on the EUR/USD currency exchange?  No, they price them in EUR, period.  Trezor, BFL, and other Bitcoin-related companies are right to price things this way.
Remember, they are taking risk here as well.  Sure, today a BTC is $400, but it wasn't when they set the price, and it could be $50 next week.  If we want to live in a BTC denominated world, then we can't complain when the exchange rate moves against us.
This kind of thread is EXACTLY why so many non-BTC enthusiasts and mainstream economists don't think that a deflationary currency can work.  YOU ARE PROVING THEM RIGHT.
@_date: 2013-01-23 17:44:39
If you have that many servers that are freed up to mine with, you can just offer server space in exchange for BTC.
@_date: 2013-03-12 16:00:05
The problem is that it had some very notable consequences, even if they are based on perception.  To the uninitiated/media, they see a technical flaw in Bitcoin that led to a complete stoppage of the network, that led to a 25% drop in price in an hour or two.
It might not matter in the long-run, but it's actually a story that writes itself, and saying that it had "no consequences" ignores the fact that much of the media attention that Bitcoin has received lately has been based on the marketplace and the exchange rate, not the technical side.
@_date: 2013-05-14 22:35:09
Yeah, keep in mind this is coming out in the afternoon on the west coast, which means that a lot of people are done checking for the day/asleep on the east coast and in Europe.
@_date: 2013-01-16 20:14:06
Is the android tablet/phone going to be a necessity?  I for one don't have an extra android device lying around, but if the system is that much easier, I might view it as an additional cost of doing business...
@_date: 2013-01-18 23:09:46
Thanks a lot.  How do I use bitcointip on here?
@_date: 2013-10-21 20:00:34
I have tried this, but unfortunately the person I spoke with had no idea what I was talking about, and didn't have the authority to really answer my question.
She did however, repeat that as long as I was paid via ACH or direct deposit, there was no chance of my account being closed, though I don't think getting that in writing does any good when she had no idea what bitcoin was.
@_date: 2013-04-04 17:25:47
Holy crap, I trade here!
@_date: 2013-05-20 00:27:29
Not only making loans, but also safely storing fiat currency with insurance, which is still extremely valuable for most consumers.  Basically, they can go back to doing primarily what was the core of their business in the past.
@_date: 2013-01-18 23:38:42
Online IT training videos.  I figure it is an industry that should have a pretty large overlap with Bitcoin users.
@_date: 2013-02-22 22:58:53
Best part of this:
"A few businesses in Manchester, such as Stomp Romp Guitars, accept Bitcoin, while the Vertical Dreams climbing gym began accepting them a week ago in Manchester and Nashua."
Because of:
"An advocacy group has been meeting weekly in Manchester for almost a year, trying to spread the word."
It's going to take a lot of pavement pounding and knocking on doors, but it can work that way.
@_date: 2013-07-26 17:50:59
As both a BTC enthusiast and gun owner, I absolutely hate this idea.
@_date: 2013-01-25 21:05:18
Also, what's "bulk" in this scenario?  Is there a reason not to go through the regular exchange channels? 
@_date: 2013-11-27 23:56:27
True, this will certainly vary from state to state.
@_date: 2013-02-08 00:31:54
...and you're confusing odds with results.  The odds will absolutely be against you over a period of time, and they will get worse the longer you play, you are correct.  But it is not true that everyone loses over time.  
@_date: 2013-03-07 21:59:44
We have a lot of stuff to fit on the homepage right now, with the new monthly subscriptions!  We are working on it though, I promise.
@_date: 2013-04-12 18:21:19
This is a false analogy.  The laptop is the good, it has nothing to do with the currency.  A laptop will be worth less in USD or BTC because changes in technology will make that particular model obsolete. 
The point is that if you need a laptop (or food, or a car, or anything else), regardless of the fact that it loses value over time, you will buy it.  The question is, will you buy it with a currency that has a neutral or positive inflationary value (USD), or with the currency that is deflationary and will have more buying power later if you hold onto it?
I keep seeing this "laptops lose value so no one will buy them" rhetorical device, and it drives me nuts.  I would say that it's a terrible argument , but it isn't even an argument because it doesn't address the deflationary currency thing at all.  I don't know if people don't get that, or are purposely using a misleading example because they know that some people won't pick up on it and will be convinced, but either way it is bad.
I'm not saying that there is no place for deflationary currency, but for the love to God, please stop using the "x product won't be worth as much, but people still buy it!" nonsense.
@_date: 2013-10-03 23:30:02
I made less than 1 BTC from the $1300 miner that I ordered almost a year ago, that arrived this week.  So sad.
@_date: 2013-01-24 19:29:28
Trading right around $18 right now, dropping into the high $17s.  The crazy thing today is the high/low spread ($19.18/17.25), which is definitely showing that we are hitting a point where more people are thinking about selling off.
Interesting to see if this is going to be the rally killer, or if it overcomes the nervousness and pushes through.
@_date: 2013-07-02 17:55:47
How does the headline and domain NOT tell you where this link takes you?
@_date: 2013-01-22 23:25:04
When it comes to making Bitcoin mainstream, SR transactions don't count.  In fact, they count negative, by making up too large a percentage of the real marketplace.
@_date: 2013-03-07 19:54:02
I haven't bought ad space here before, does anyone know if it is on a cpc or cpm basis?
@_date: 2013-04-04 19:03:01
Can we just take a moment to recognize that the Yen has long been a deflationary currency (which is what people laud BTC for being and long for the USD to be), and that it has been a problem for their economy?  This is why they have to resort to this kind of QE.
Now, there are a lot of reasons for the "stagflation" that hit Japan, some economic, some demographic, and others besides, obviously.  However, this is a good reminder that having a deflationary currency is not automatically a good thing or a panacea for economic troubles.
@_date: 2013-08-13 23:21:33
Just open an account on Bitfinex, shorting BTC is a huge part of what the platform is built for.
@_date: 2013-01-17 21:57:25
At this point, there are a lot of ways and places to learn (including reddit):
Are you wedded to mining specifically?  Currently the world is waiting for ASIC technology to start shipping, in which case the current low-cost mining methods will lose effectiveness.
It might be worth spending some time learning, maybe buy a couple to play with (but the price to buy in is also high right now), or figure out if there is some service that you have to offer in exchange for bitcoins.
@_date: 2013-01-22 23:40:55
I wonder what percentage of trading is done in GBP denomination though, versus dollars.  That was not a round figure in USD, which makes up the majority of traders.
Additionally, with a floor or ceiling, you want to see the market "test" the line a few times and bounce off of it, generally.  What you are seeing is indeed indicating an "upside breakout" but without any indication of a significant price point that can't be chalked up to coincidence.
The graph can move sideways without indicating a support/resistance line, especially if it doesn't test the line or breaks through it in a short time (in this case it held there for just a few days.
@_date: 2013-04-08 21:58:04
...I would think that they would say the same thing as before.  "People could offer to do work for bitcoin at *below market rate*" means that the people actually producing value in this economy have to get paid less than they are worth to be viable, in the hopes that the currency they are being paid in will increase in value.  
So their productive value is at the mercy of an exchange rate that fluctuates wildly?  That is not good.
@_date: 2013-05-14 15:55:07
If he were legit, he wouldn't be waiting for it to dip.
@_date: 2013-03-20 20:54:24
If the price drops, better to have some BTC to lend in there as well, for those looking to short.
@_date: 2013-02-12 20:50:39
I think that it is more likely that they would buy them to make fake purchases on Silk Road, as a way to get a 'foot in the door' communicating with drug dealers.  I think (sorry if I am wrong) that this is one of the things that eof was suggesting.
@_date: 2013-03-20 18:43:25
This is false.  There is $150,000 USD worth of loans on BFX.  Remember, loan requests are not automatically filled.
@_date: 2013-05-15 18:09:32
The opened a US LLC to handle the banking on this side of the pond.
@_date: 2013-02-10 07:18:27
First of all, it you could argue that it isn't theft because they issue the money so that we all have a common medium of exchange, but really we are the ones giving it back to them.  The whole argument is silly though, because no one is stealing from anyone.
I get your point, but yes, you did "sign" the social contract, as did I, by living in this particular society.  You can complain that the services are monopolized, but you are still taking advantage of them.  I lived in a place where Comcast was the only service provider for cable, and they gouged me, but it still wouldn't have justified stealing service because I didn't like them enough to pay for it.
You are also offering contradictory statements about the government here.  You say that they are forcibly monopolizing, and that they are a gang of thugs, but then saying that their power is illusory.  If they can compel people to do things through the implied threat of violence, then you are acknowledging that their power is real, even if you don't feel that it is legitimate.
How is it a delusion to say that the government is partially responsible for prosperity?  Other than broad platitudes, what exactly is the argument that you are making?  Talk to people who actually do business about the issues faced in places like India, where 40% or more of produce spoils between the field and the store shelf because the roads and infrastructure are so bad that it takes forever to move goods, thereby greatly reducing the profit margin of a store owner.  Or a store owner in central Brazil who can't accept online business or international payments because not only is his internet connection so bad that currency values can move against him before he can check the current rate, but he is lucky if rolling brownouts allow him to have power at all.
You can take for granted everything that you society and your government do for you, but don't hide it behind some false libertarianism.  The system has its flaws, and you are absolutely right to point them out, but it undermines your argument to completely ignore the good that it does.
@_date: 2013-03-28 19:11:56
It will presumably be 80% of the 700k.  So about 560 out of 810, equaling  69% in total.
@_date: 2013-01-18 23:55:27
There are a lot of Bitcoin enthusiasts here (since it is a company full of tech nerds), and we are already an eCommerce business that does a lot of sales through our website, selling a product that is aimed at other tech nerds.  Kind of a match made in heaven for us, so once the CEO got interested (and immediately started setting up mining rigs in our server room), it was basically a foregone conclusion that we would start actually accepting them as well.
@_date: 2013-05-08 17:24:14
Last year a co-worker told me about it, and it sounded interesting.  Simple word of mouth.
@_date: 2013-04-26 22:35:22
Yes, I didn't mean to imply that Bitcoin apps were less suspect because it could have been any app, I just meant that any app was suspect because the creator could push updates automatically that made once-safe apps into malware.
@_date: 2013-01-25 23:31:11
Yeah, dang.  I mean, I make a decent wage, save a lot, have almost no debt, and still don't come anywhere close to this number.
Is this including home equity, subtracting mortgages?  I have a hard time believing that with the economy being how it has the last few years, people are still worth so much money.
tl/dr: I suck at life
@_date: 2013-05-15 22:57:53
MTGox has been removed from the 2nd level order book at Bitfinex.  Not a good thing...
@_date: 2013-04-26 17:28:21
Turns out, any app on Android could have been a problem, even if it wasn't when you downloaded it.
@_date: 2013-05-08 16:26:34
Lightning strikes a key on a kite, and my computer turns on.  What's so complicated about that?
@_date: 2013-03-28 20:44:00
Thank you.  I think that might be the first one I successfully sent...  Or maybe I just hadn't liked it to my twitter account before for verifications.
@_date: 2013-05-15 22:04:29
I do, actually.  The government clearly said "follow these guidelines" and he said "no."  That was a choice on his part, a calculated risk that he took.  
I could start robbing people, and enjoy the easy money, but I can't complain if I go to jail for it.  He profited by his actions, knowing that he wasn't in compliance with the rules, because he figured he could get away with it.
Let's not overuse, and cheapen, the word "violence."
@_date: 2013-04-15 17:01:51
This we agree on.
@_date: 2013-04-10 20:42:30
You can short bitcoin at bitfinex.com
@_date: 2013-04-12 20:10:49
I'm not arguing against myself at all.  My point isn't that people won't buy things that they need because of Bitcoin.  My point is that they won't buy it with bitcoins at all, as long as there is fiat.  If they were thinking carefully, then they would never spend bitcoins unless it were the only option available.
@_date: 2013-06-26 22:31:13
BFL isn't violating anything in this case.  This guy just ordered this month, was told that there were no refunds at the time, and wasn't guaranteed a delivery date.  Customer is the one trying to back out, not BFL.
@_date: 2013-01-10 22:00:04
If you are using the supposition that all of the bitcoins have been mined, then we are talking about 2130 or later?
The other thing to consider is that you are talking about value relative to the USD, and who knows over a century what kind of inflation/manipulation will take place.
Sorry, I realize that's not helpful for your question, but I think that it emphasizes how making any "plausible" estimates here on the relative value of two currencies 100 years in the future is basically not possible.
@_date: 2013-04-04 17:22:19
CBT Nuggets (
@_date: 2013-10-11 16:13:22
Mine made $16 in the last 24 hours.  And dropping fast.  Just last week it was getting me about .017 per block, now it's .011
@_date: 2013-03-07 21:05:38
I'm in.  I spend a lot of time advertising for it anyhow!
@_date: 2013-02-19 17:58:59
This idea that you have to take something out of someone's hand implies that you only believe in physical ownership.  There is no IP in your mind, which might be defensible, but it is a minority opinion.
For all of the, 'you can't own anything you can't hold in your hand,' we have to remember that removal of IP protection would be a huge disincentive to creation and production in a digital age.  If you are a developer or artist, and society declares that you don't deserve to be paid for your work, then a lot of people aren't going to bother creating the things that we want.
@_date: 2013-02-07 17:24:13
His strategy part might not work, but people are ignoring the luck.  Statistically there are people in the distribution of gamblers who will win consistently, just like there are those who will lose consistently, and those in the middle who will mostly lose about 1.9% over time.
Don't ignore the curve.  MOST people will lose if they play long enough, but not all.
They key is acknowledging that there is no strategy to not losing.
@_date: 2013-11-26 00:52:22
Is that meant to be a bluff, or is there some "bitcoin friendly operator" out there that you know about?
@_date: 2013-03-19 22:38:13
Hard to say if I agree with him, but it is nice to see that there are people who are seeing these regulations as a positive.
@_date: 2013-03-01 18:31:37
It's the dividend that makes it worthwhile.  I could not have times my purchase more poorly (I am literally the guy who bought at the highest possible price shortly before EV released underpriced shares), but I will still likely come out ahead in the long run because I will be getting the income stream.
Obviously, if SDICE goes away completely I will lose my investment, but that's possible with any investment.
@_date: 2013-04-02 21:19:04
So we need Pea Pod (Stop &amp; Shop) to start taking them?
edit: Dang, just found out they don't serve my area.  Still, would solve this problem for a huge number of Americans.
@_date: 2013-02-12 21:28:03
4% would be $40k per million, so at 2.1 million that would be over $80k per year to live on...  Not too shabby.
@_date: 2013-04-11 22:52:14
True enough, but even the former is more than enough to escape any accusations of rejecting modern technology.
@_date: 2013-03-07 18:21:38
The problem with all of these services (like pizzaforcoins, bitspend, etc.) is that they aren't any better than the current system.  If the whole idea is that bitcoin is designed to remove the middle man from the exchange process, and push out evil banks and their fees, etc., then creating a different middle man who charges you different fees isn't an improvement.  
This isn't really innovation, this is just a way to take a cut of a transaction that will take place in dollars.  You have to pay a premium to make a transaction in Bitcoin that will ultimately be paid for in local fiat currency, in a process that makes the whole thing more complicated and more expensive than just paying in dollars?
Don't get me wrong, I am happy to see people doing things around Bitcoin, but aside from the exercise in building a website, I don't see what this does for the currency.  
Now, if this were a site that allowed you to book rooms online at HOTELS THAT ACCEPT BITCOIN, I would be all about it.
@_date: 2013-02-18 21:05:55
True for casinos like Satoshi Dice that actually use Bitcoin to create the gambling experience (in terms of the fairness).  But that wouldn't be the case for the rumored big gambling sites that would continue to use their regular games and just use bitcoins for their account funding and payouts.
@_date: 2013-01-22 19:04:26
Why do you think that $20 is a psychological barrier?  The whole idea of barriers in currency trading is based on seeing floor/ceiling points in a long term chart, where the price 'bounces' off a line several times before breaking through.  
Bitcoin has no such line, because we have no length of data nor price stability due to the extremely low volume.  Enthusiasm is ruling this market right now, whether rational or irrational, and it doesn't recognize psychological barriers.
Look at the chart for the first bubble, there is no plateau around $20 before eventually pushing through on the way to $30.  Considering that the majority of people who are getting in now don't have first-hand knowledge of the last bubble, there shouldn't be any psychological barrier until we get to the previous high around $30.  That's the only resistance point on the chart, and also the reason that I don't think you can predict the BTC market like you would the forex (and for the record, I am invested in/trading on both).
@_date: 2013-03-03 07:23:43
Yes, it is still a good time to buy, for a good long while yet.
@_date: 2013-01-21 17:43:03
We are in the PNW.  We just hired a video producer/cinematographer, actually (sorry), but we do take interns at times, and I think you can get college credit as well as paid internships.  We need:
"We're looking for a Software Engineer to join our team. Web development experience along with knowledge of C# and ASP.NET is a must — bonus points for experience in Flash. Perl, Ruby, Linux (Suse), and Postgres skills are helpful as well. "
and 
"We're looking for a QA Engineer to join our development team. This position will be responsible for designing, developing, automating and executing test plans. Ability to program unit tests for ASP.NET and C# in Visual Studio (NUnit); knowledge of Perl and Linux environments; SQL experience for creating test data and tracking schema changes (PostgreSQL); experience debugging with different browsers; and effective verbal and written communications skills."
@_date: 2013-05-21 22:18:36
Are you just re-selling factory ammo from regular brands like Winchester, etc., or are these custom hand loads that you guys make?
@_date: 2013-02-10 04:56:45
How are taxes "stealing?"  Think of taxes as you repaying the government for everything that they do, where they fronted the cash.  
Unless you were homeschooled by your parents for your whole life, living in a cabin in the woods that is not on the grid, and somehow get your money selling pelts from animals that your trapped yourself, without ever using electricity or driving on roads.
It's the social contract.  We have a government to provide the things that people are too short-sighted or greedy to do for themselves.  
Don't get me wrong, I have plenty of anti-government sentiment, and I have issues with the taxation system, but to call it stealing is both inaccurate (it is quite literally legal, while theft is not), and just plain selfish.  Without taxes, and everything that they have allowed this country to provide for us, we wouldn't be on this board today, most likely.
@_date: 2013-02-18 22:01:27
Excellent point
@_date: 2013-02-22 00:18:30
You could just offer to help with Bitfinex, which could use some front-end dev, charts, etc.
@_date: 2013-03-20 22:54:09
Can't make that assumption.  You have to assume that the percent that do vote, since you are dealing with a broad sample, are more or less representative of the adult population.  For the ones who don't vote, you can't estimate more accurately than to ascribe the same ratio of fans/detractors to that population.
@_date: 2013-02-18 17:19:39
I mean, I am a guy who shared a lot of music back in the day, when my college had its own file sharing network (they eventually shut it down, but these were the Napster days), but even I know that the problem here isn't with the people trying to stop piracy and illegal file sharing.
People who are trying to protect intellectual property rights holders are looking out for everyone who creates something that they want to be compensated for.  Now, obviously you can argue that the motives vary, but let's not call this "censorship" or go too far to defend theft.  RCA, Universal, or VISA may not actually care about the artists at all, but those companies are still far better for the creators than people who don't pay for content.
What we should be doing is instead encouraging companies to make content available for streaming or download in exchange for BTC, and then actually paying for stuff with our bitcoins to make it worth their while.  Or convince artists to accept them directly, which would allow them to cut out the middle man, keep more profits for themselves, and eventually force the distributors to accept BTC to get a taste.
But let's not beat up on Google for trying to limit piracy, or it just reinforces the notion that Bitcoin users are just a bunch of fringe miscreants seeking to subvert the law.  If we don't want BTC to be characterized as the currency of the black market, we can't just defend criminals who contribute nothing to society.  Defending WikiLeaks is one thing, but stealing intellectual property?  We are better than that.
@_date: 2013-04-03 16:35:31
I have spent a lot of time trying to get between the Austrian-school and Keynesianist believers in this subreddit, without much luck.  There is too much personal philosophy and politics tied up in economics to lead to any kind of useful (much less civil) discourse on a message board.
If you had two completely independent countries, one of which was run completely according to Keynesianists and one by Austrian-school believers, both would eventually suffer economic collapse!  Entropy hits econ just like any other aspect of society, because it is too delicate a web to be maintained.  Both schools have some good ideas, and some less good, depending on the circumstance.
@_date: 2013-02-04 18:47:10
How is this different from the gem, exactly?
@_date: 2013-05-15 17:16:51
How will you be handling that?  Are you setting up escrow for the people who send you BTC?  Will you be issuing them a receipt to explain the money that suddenly appears in their bank account?  Cash in hand a la LocalBitcoins for those who want to avoid the banking system to convert from BTC to fiat?
@_date: 2013-11-18 19:49:25
I think that everyone is misunderstanding me.  I acknowledge that a lot of marriages don't work out, but I am saying that the pre-nup mentality is at least a part of the cause, or at least symptom, rather than a solution.  Marriage is absolutely not something that you should be entering into thinking about financial considerations, with one foot out the door.  If anything, I think that the only pre-nup should be a standard, mandatory one that says that if you get divorced, everything is split 50-50.  It would probably cause a lot of people who are on the fence to NOT get married, which would reduce the divorce rate down the road.
The legal system is absolutely not biased in favor of women, that is a myth/gross misunderstanding.  Let's face it, without an extreme chauvinist bias clouding judgement, it's very hard to argue that any socio-legal structure is not currently set up to benefit men.
Your example doesn't sway me in the least, and it shouldn't.  I don't know your friend's situation, but it isn't that far from my own, and marriage is in theory for life, not just for the easy parts.  If he can't help her through her ordeal and be there for her, then he ABSOLUTELY should be required to help financially, since he MARRIED her.
I totally get that many people don't think that their marriage will fail, as GSpotAssassin mentions, but clearly with all the talk about pre-nups, some people do think so.
As far as the sexist/equality argument goes, that's bullshit.  No one said anything about honoring a pre-nup that exists, but that they shouldn't be expected to sign one in the first place.  As long as women have to be the one to physically carry babies, and remain the vast majority of care providers for those children (as they statistically still do), they are sacrificing a lot of earning power which it is right that they be compensated.  I'm not shocked that this sub-reddit isn't sympathetic to feminist or gender-neautral ideaology, but let's not pretend that I'm the sexist here.
You want to talk about sexism?  How about an example where the woman is a shopaholic who wants to spend money on shoes all the time?  If that hypothetical man doesn't want to split his assets with such a shallow, terrible lady, DON'T MARRY ONE.
My partner had a lot of debt, mostly college loans when we got together, and makes very little money.  I have always been a worker and a saver, and happen to be getting very lucky with Bitcoin right now.  If something were to happen down the line, it would still be right that she benefit from that.
Marriage is about joining two lives, not with the exception of finances.  If you can't bear the thought of sharing your money with someone, you shouldn't marry them. 
@_date: 2013-05-14 22:40:44
Except Bitcoin isn't only valuable because it is scarce.  Lots of things are hard to come by, but that doesn't make them good inflation hedges.  Polar bears are on their way to extinction, but the wealthy aren't loading up on them.
@_date: 2013-03-13 15:36:47
Great article, and really happy to see this in a news source that will get a lot more non-US attention than most of the large publications covering Bitcoin these days.
@_date: 2013-03-27 17:42:42
This question came up in another thread about which "economic school" was a better fit for Bitcoin, and the answer now, as then, is 'neither.'
Both Austrian and Keynesianism school economics deal with macro-level effects of fiscal and monetary policy on levels of production via the means of stimulating either supply or demand.  Neither one specifies what currency is being used.  This is like asking whether one is better for yen and the other is better for dollars.
Two points to consider:  
1.) As for the currency issue specifically and its role in this, as I said, these schools don't care what the currency is.  Keep in mind, both were created when most of the world was using the gold standard, and both continue to be used after it was abandoned.  It wasn't like everyone used Austrian theory until gold was abandoned, then moved to Keynesianism because of the shift to inflationary fiat currency.  The method of exchange doesn't validate or invalidate either school, it just changes how the monetary part of the policy is implemented.
2.) Econ is a social science, and neither school has been proven 'right,' no matter what anyone here tries to convince you.  Neither one has 'better' theory, nor has one been shown to 'work better in real life.'  They are just theories (and there are many more than just these two, not to mention sub-schools and evolutions of both), and can never be separated from all the context and variables in the real world that effect economies.  It isn't like a geometry problem that can be proved.  So anyone who tells you that their model is definitely right, is lying.  
@_date: 2013-04-11 18:45:28
One every year or two until this thing matures?  That sounds pretty reasonable.
@_date: 2013-03-20 23:57:51
I agree and disagree with elements of this.  I'm not reading anything into the statistics, I'm actually just going with the numbers here, and not making implications one way or another.  I agree that we can't tell how many people "liked" Al Gore in terms of the strength of that reaction (maybe ballots should include a Likert scale from now on).
However, we don't have ANY numbers to measure the things that you are talking about, so there is no point in arguing about the regard for Gore outside of that comparison, say, how much people like him compared to candy, or Michael Jordan.  You are the one suggesting that we can infer what the statistics "actually indicate," rather than what the math supports.
@_date: 2013-03-11 17:02:37
There is probably not a great way.  On the plus side, if you have had Dwolla for that long, you should be able to make your transactions pretty easily now.  I jus moved some money from Dwolla to mtgox this morning.  
It takes about 4 business days for Dwolla to complete the ACH transfer from your bank to your Dwolla account, but then it takes an hour or less from Dwolla to mtgox.
It's a pain to set up, but you should be good to go now.  I would say that in my experience, the best thing to do is transfer money from your bank to Dwolla whenever you have it, so that you can quickly move it to Gox when you need it.
@_date: 2013-04-23 15:59:52
I will be there, and I would totally buy one of these while I am there.
@_date: 2013-04-23 03:56:00
To succeed?  A bunch.  Unless we are calling enthusiasm and happiness the same thing.  And even then it's a stretch...
@_date: 2013-04-10 19:58:39
...what website do you think you are on right now?  Bitcointalk.org is down the hall, to the left.
@_date: 2013-08-15 16:53:24
But the issue is, they didn't invest and lose money on the volatile currency because of the investment itself.  They lost money because of bad business practices on the part of BitInstant.
@_date: 2013-01-21 17:45:23
That's why I am buying her out, and why it turned out my boss never sent the BTC.  The system works (sort of).
@_date: 2013-05-14 20:44:26
Dwolla funds are not at risk.
@_date: 2013-04-12 21:10:11
...and that makes it an investment, not a currency?  Lack of circulation and liquidity is not a good thing. 
@_date: 2013-02-08 22:58:45
...from taxes?  Not sure what you are suggesting here.  But the point is that local taxes don't fund "good projects" while federal taxes fund "war &amp; stuff."  
I'm not saying that some tax dollars don't go to fund things you may not agree with, but let's be accurate about how taxation works if we want to argue about its relative merits.
Let's also not call it "stealing."  If you don't want to pay US taxes, move out of America, it's simple.  But reaping all of the benefits of other people who pay into the system and then complaining about being asked to pay your share makes you look pretty selfish.
@_date: 2013-01-21 17:46:40
Hah, our poor CFO is going crazy trying to figure this out as we speak.
@_date: 2013-03-12 18:45:24
Wasn't there a post last week about how these were at the packaging facility?  How could the not be mounted yet?  They just said last week that they were going to be shipping this week, didn't they?
@_date: 2013-03-29 16:55:07
We originally tried that, but there were problems with the video encoding across multiple device types, which was why we ended up hosting them on a subdomain of the site.
I would say for now the best bet is just share the URL, but I will make sure that we look into that and see if there is something else we can do.
Thanks for the feedback.
@_date: 2013-04-03 16:10:43
I actually made a decent chunk of change selling my Magic cards on eBay...  So you are saying this will work out equally well?
@_date: 2013-03-26 18:14:25
Consider putting up with/helping these people motivated self interest.  Without them, Bitcoin won't take off.
@_date: 2013-01-18 23:06:51
Hah, yup, that's what I did.  It turns out the confusion was because the CEO never actually GAVE her the bitcoins, he wanted to make sure she knew how to use them, recover them, etc. first.
Unfortunately, I didn't know that when she asked for my help.  All is well, I am just going to buy them from her for cash and have him give the BTC to me.
@_date: 2013-08-23 15:52:42
The response (automated, I believe, based on the timing):
"Dear Matt,
Thank you for your message and for your interest in GiveDirectly; I am not allowed to disclose anything specific at this time, but our team has recently been exploring several interesting options for bypassing cash transfer and foreign exchange fees.  We hope that you will follow us through our website to learn more about changes in our approach to giving as they happen.
Thanks again, and best wishes,
Sharon Harvey
@_date: 2013-12-23 23:58:06
That sure is some nonsense.  You have the chance to spread a message, and just ask for money?  This is not a positive thing.
@_date: 2013-01-10 20:05:31
Yeah, a lot of people have pointed this out, but the OP argument is a spurious one.  The line drawn there between investment and speculation is both arbitrary and misleading.  If you have a farm that produces crops, you are speculating on the market for those crops, as well as the environmental factors that go into a yield.  Plenty of companies issue stocks that don't issue dividends (most, these days), and there is no guarantee that a company that does issue dividends will remain profitable or solvent.  
You can argue all you want about the safety/likelihood of return on an investment, but he doesn't do a good job of that.
He is correct, however, that currency speculation is a different animal.  With a stock market or any asset class like that, you have the ability for everyone to win, because value can essentially be created in the market.  In Forex currency trading, there is a zero-sum game happening, where short positions and long positions balance one another and someone has to lose for another to gain.
BTC hasn't entered that realm yet though.  Buying and holding or 1x1 trading doesn't constitute a highly liquid exchange system.  Additionally, while places like BitInstant (which I admittedly love as a Forex guy) are offering opportunity for leveraged trade, Bitcoin has elements of multiple asset classes that create a pretty unique wealth vehicle that defies the OP's efforts to classify it in the existing nomenclature.
@_date: 2013-10-21 22:02:45
That jives with what the BoA rep said, that basically if it comes through an ACH, then they don't really care what the originating source was.
@_date: 2013-01-14 19:54:52
I agree with much of that, and that's why I posed the question of whether or not it was a threat to Bitcoin, rather than "will this hurt my holdings of bitcoins?"
However, I think that looking at Bitcoin as simply a medium of exchange is ignoring the reality of how people are using it.  It is more likely today to be a store of wealth than a medium of exchange.  The number of coins being used daily in non-fiat exchange transactions is still pretty low relative to the total market value.  Someday, it might just be a currency, but it isn't being used that way today.
This is as much a question of couldn't the government/Bank of America/PayPal just kill the project this way, if they felt threatened, because the total market cap is still really small.
@_date: 2013-03-07 19:52:42
We recently put out our Bitcoin traning series, and our CEO has been interviewed for some articles about Bitcoin adoption ( but at that point we hadn't yet been able to get BitPay integrated on our back end.
Problem solved!  We are very excited to announce that you can now pay for any CBT Nuggets subscriptions (monthly, annual, every product type, whatever) with bitcoins!
Feel free to ask me any questions here, or PM me.
@_date: 2013-11-18 20:56:09
I feel like these agency reps aren't answering the questions being asked at all.  Granted, they aren't saying anything too threatening, but still, it's annoying.
@_date: 2013-12-23 23:32:43
This guys seems like a real jerk, but if he is lying about being a jerk, does that make it better or worse?
@_date: 2013-03-14 23:23:25
- "Honestly its looking more and more attractive to buy everything with bitcoin because it increases in value vs the dollar."
Wait, what am I missing here?  One of the main arguments against using bitcoins for everyday purchases is that it increases in value vs the dollar, meaning that you lose purchasing power over time by using bitcoins instead of USD.
@_date: 2013-08-16 18:54:09
There is some misunderstanding here, but retirement, vacations, and investment fall under the expenditures that I was talking about.  Additionally, the "perfect economy" scenario is one of mathematical equilibrium, not a real world scenario, which I should have been more clear about.
This has more to do with the way wealth distribution affects the velocity of money.  Wherein the more surplus money that an individual or corporation has beyond what it/they need to spend (either on immediate needs or investment), the more liquidity is removed from the market.  Remember that investment counts towards velocity, because it is still cash changing hands, from investor to receiver to whatever they spend the capital on.
@_date: 2013-02-19 20:10:37
Totally agree, with basically all of this.  I think that we just need to remember, so much of the advantage/disadvantage that comes up here is about the freedom to make choices that are in your own best interest, which Bitcoin allows us to do.  The flip side of that however, is that PayPal or VISA have the right to make decisions based on what they perceive to be their own best interest.
They aren't putting anyone in jail, or even shutting down their sites, they are simply refusing to be a party to their financial dealings.  This is a decision that they have arrived at, on either business or moral grounds, and potentially a mix of the two.
As far as the US monopolization of internet payment options, that's another way that Bitcoin helps, but it shouldn't prevent other countries from launching their own payment systems.  US law for US companies makes sense, but the jurisdictional element makes it difficult for a company like PayPal (who I hate personally, by the way), who is based in the US but does business globally.
What we would ideally have is a set of laws that would be global, established by a representative global body.  Unfortunately, there is no such body and it is unlikely that most people would recognize a trans-national legislative body anyhow, since it would seriously conflict with issues of sovereignty.  We are not a global society, so each country is just going to have to do what it can, for now.
Maybe Bitcoin is a step in the right direction, but anything that truly globalizes the transmission of a large volume of wealth is going to carry with it the impetus to regulate it.  It's something of a catch-22, but the larger something like Bitcoin gets, the more incentive there will be for nations to try and interfere with it.  Whether or not they succeed remains to be seen.
@_date: 2013-01-23 17:54:30
The question here is just "why do people gamble," correct?
@_date: 2013-01-14 18:56:17
I think that in some way you are actually making my point, though.  If someone comes in and starts buying up the available coins, the buy price will increase, leading more people who are holding to sell.  There are always people on a currency exchange waiting for some price point ("I'll sell at $16/$18/$20, etc.), and if you aren't concerned with the price you pay, you can take advantage of these levels.  
Additionally, if this happened quickly, most people would most likely sell simply because your point about spending them as BTC is great for you, but most people simply don't have things they want to buy that are available for bitcoins yet.  Unless merchant adoption outpaces the exchange value increase, more people will sell off as the price increases.
@_date: 2013-02-18 18:50:46
That's simply false.  They are absolutely harmed by not being compensated fairly for the product/service that they provide.  If you grow apples to sell, and someone steals one off your cart, they are harming you by denying you the fruits of your labor (pun somewhat intended).
Are you arguing that theft is a victimless crime?
@_date: 2013-07-25 22:00:59
Non-story, bad thinking.  VC came after awareness, which came as a result of the rapid price increase, as well as the fact that there weren't many things to invest in back when BTCs were cheap.  There is neither correlation nor causation at play here.
You could just as easily say, "Influx of venture capital drove BTC value under $100."
@_date: 2013-02-22 00:45:38
Nope.  It was between .008-.009, then dropped to .004-.006 with that sale, and hasn't been above .0065 really since then.  I lost about 25-30% of my investment in one day on that.
Gonna take a lot of dividends to make that back.
@_date: 2013-08-16 23:52:02
Wages are indeed sticky (sort of), but in that reply it looks like we are talking about two different things.  You seem to be discussing an economy in which people are paid in BTC, in which case the whole notion of the thread is pointless, since it is about an arbitrary dollar value.  I was referring to a situation in which the vast majority of people do not have excess wealth (BTC or otherwise, but in this case BTC), so a rise in the value of their savings, denominated in any currency, will disproportionately benefit those who already have a lot of BTC.
As for your example of the Long Depression, I wasn't arguing that it drove down wages in real terms, but liquidity, which that article you linked agrees with:
"The primary cause of the price depression in the United States was the tight monetary policy that the U.S. followed to get back to the gold standard after the Civil War. The U.S. was taking money out of circulation to achieve this goal, therefore there was less available money to facilitate trade."
"Most economic historians see this period as negative for the most industrial nations.[citation needed] Many argue that most of the stagnation was caused by a monetary contraction "
It was also, as that article points out several times, not a true depression, or even recession in the modern sense of the term, in that the pace of growth slowed, but there was still positive (and in fact fairly strong) growth in a number of areas.
The tech industry has largely survived on the basis of credit expansion and moderate inflation for the last 20 years, not deflation.  Not sure what you are arguing there.
@_date: 2013-07-15 21:32:37
for reference, anywhere from .04%-.1% is normal for display/banner advertising aimed at awareness.
edit: I don't have any numbers for Reddit-specific advertising though
@_date: 2013-04-08 20:15:34
The difficulty won't be halved for 4 years, regardless of botnets.  The difficulty will go up, but coins won't be mined faster than ever, that's not how it works.
@_date: 2013-01-24 18:36:11
I do believe in bitcoin, but I am also not going to ignore/avoid a way to make money at the same time.  Don't use the word "economy" if you want bitcoin to just remain a hobby horse for tech nerds.
Press is press, and this rise in value is getting bitcoin attention it wouldn't otherwise have.  The problem is only in part that people are hoarding them, and that's mainly because there aren't enough vendors/merchants accepting them.  If I could spend my bitcoins on something other than gambling, I would take advantage of this boom to turn them into something with tangible value.  I don't need a laptop, or solar panels, or any of the other random junk I can buy with them right now.
Soon however, thanks to all the attention they are getting (even bad attention), I will be able to buy real things.  And then they will start circulating more.
@_date: 2013-10-21 18:38:35
I appreciate this, but you also touch on my real concern, which is that I have taken money FROM BoA to Coinbase, but never gone in the opposite direction.  I just don't want them to think that my tainted,  ill-gotten tainted internet drug money is going to make me too risky to have as a customer.
note: my bitcoins are neither ill-gotten nor drug money.
@_date: 2013-04-22 22:11:38
I would say "where are you located" is a pretty important part of this process.
@_date: 2013-01-12 00:32:03
Like some others, I think that there are a lot of directions you can take here, but knowing what your discipline is would be a big help.
@_date: 2013-04-08 18:19:31
Why would botnets mining coins decrease the value of bitcoins?  And if it were going to, why would it happen in 90-120 days, rather than immediately?