@_author: zeebeast
@_date: 2017-12-19 19:57:29
The only danger is that due to the nature of early altcoins they can increase earnings very fast if they see popularity or just straight up fail just as fast if they fade into oblivion
@_date: 2017-12-08 03:46:39
Mmm yeah I know what you mean, and I think that is a big benefit is the hope for quicker and cheaper transactions that credit cards can't provide and that will be interesting to see how the technology all plays out with the transaction fees.
And are you proposing that banks may create their own blockchain system for transferring money between themselves sorta thing and then maybe they hold our keys or something? That would be interesting and I guess.
I also was just talking the other day about how the ownership mentality has either shifted from the modern age or was taken from us through higher prices, but it seems like everyone is getting more and more comfortable just renting things rather than owning them and I think bitcoin allows for that sense of control and ownership that is lacking in many other places. Things like renting homes being more common, or renting cars and other technology for periods of time like a cell phone from your phone provider having a set contract. Someone even brought up how people are more okay with renting music sorta through spotify rather than owning the songs whether that's a CD or .mp3 file.
I guess I'm just saying that I can see that people don't seem to mind the idea of someone else controlling some aspect of their life so long as its cheaper or more convenient- maybe not a bad thing but just a different mentality from the ownership generations we've seen years before 
@_date: 2017-12-07 17:24:13
oh yeah, as the market it gaining popularity its cool to actually see a change when you press refresh. And remember though, if you're stressed out about a crash or anything then sell. hodl is great if you have the mindset but its all about whatever you enjoy more.
If not having money in bitcoin gives you FOMO then buy and hodl.
If the money in bitcoin is stressing you because it could crash then sell.
- Don't compromise your sanity for money. That's a bad investment for sure.
@_date: 2017-12-07 17:28:42
exactly, and honestly I would argue that just being a part of the bitcoin club to talk with people like in this subreddit and learning about the blockchain is worth $100 any way. Even if bitcoin fizzled out
@_date: 2017-12-07 17:35:38
As far as I am aware, even though the swings are bigger its still just an average with bigger numbers and it helps the barrier of entry mindset like what this guy was talking about. Sure if he went all in right now at $17k and it double to $34k he'd be feeling good, but the market might drop soon so he is worried hell lose more by going all in at once. Instead he puts 1/3rd in now 1/3rd in a week from now(or whatever timeline you like) and the final 1/3rd in the week after and he's able to see the market fluctuate. 
This way if it does crash later in the week he doesn't lose as much and can even gain it back by buying in at the cheaper price point.
Inversely, if it were to have spiked straight up to $34k then he could have gained more but he'd have a greater risk and there for greater stress over his investment. 
I would say that the bit more piece of mind you get from lowering the risk a bit is well worth the lower returns and also this way its much easier to finally buy that bit of bitcoin because it's much less intimidating to send a smaller first buy order.
@_date: 2017-12-19 19:55:23
Another option is to send money to the coinbase USD account which takes however long your bank takes to guarantee the funds so about 1-2 weeks. and then when you decide to but its instant. However, if you're dead set on buying at a current price and are going to hodl anyway then waiting for the bank transfer will be the lowest fee you'll get through coinbase.
As far as the wallet goes there are phone ones, but because phones are almost always connected to the internet and easy to misplace it isn't good to store more in there than you would your physical wallet. You wouldn't walk around with your entire bank account on you at all times right? So the desktop isn't bad but its connection to the internet can be bad should you get some form of malware or virus on your pc bc they could steal your private keys which hold your bitcoin. I think doing a paper wallet and storing in a safe is probably the cheapest or looking into storing them on a thumbdrive or ordering an encrypted ledger wallet is solid too. something like a Trezor or Nano, but those will cost about $70-$100 for the added security, so it's all about how much you're trying to store based on how secure it really needs to be.
@_date: 2017-12-07 16:58:35
yeah, id be the dude that set his buy back limit too low and watch as the price shoots to down to 9k and then way up to 18k again without having the change to get back in. Gotta hodl
@_date: 2017-12-07 17:11:22
as far as I have dug up, the cool thing about blockchain is its ability to be updated to higher demand like that lightning networking that may come out with er in a few months or a year or two. What I know is its supposed to make fees more manageable for everyday purchases as well as much quicker for the everyday use with all the people who could be using it. While miner fees would go down so they would get less per transaction I think they should be validating more transactions so it should even out somehow (maybe even increase).
Bitcoin as it is currently isnt the best currency, but with all the money being thrown into bitcoin right now there is huge incentive for its development potential to grow- I even argue that bitcoin evolving into a more sustainable currency is more likely than people shifting to an altcoin for transactions because bitcoin has so much hype behind it and is being adopted into new markets as well as showing its resilience through multiple currency forks that only grew the price.
So yeah while bitcoin might now be the best way to buy stuff right now and its great for those looking to make a stressful thousand dollars if you play your cards right, I think many hodlers are really invested in the potential of the currency to see updates like the lightning network to create and actual sustainable currency that will be accepted at even more places. I figure at that time the price of the currency will not vary as greatly as we see today and this is just finding that number that it will balance out at. It could be almost nothing or 1,000,000 USD that it mostly evens out at and I think the hodlers are thinking that it will be on the upper end of things since weve seen such a large trend of people jumping on board when they don't understand it and think its just a huge bubble. Imagine if people began to understand where their money was going and see the potential a decentralized currency can get them- no borders, no limits.
Honestly, I don't know if people talked about it, but I wonder what would stop something like paypal from integrating a bitcoin conversion into its accounts to where I could use my bitcoin to pay in USD or whatever other currency wherever paypal is accepted (which is lots of places online at least)
keep in mind I've just been poking around and researching whatever I can for the past month so I'm no Andre, but this is my understanding at least
@_date: 2017-12-12 04:45:03
You're answer is probably my favorite. I think it is so interesting how they have done studies about how people never believe that they are rich yet those with less than they have would look at them and say that they were. I think it's a very beautiful position to be in when a person can look at their life and say "I'm honestly richer than I need to be" because it can really foster a drive to help others through their fruitful position. Rich is all a state of mind.
@_date: 2017-12-07 15:38:56
basically you would sell your coins on either Coinbase or GDAX or whatever you used to buy them then use a transfer to bank option to pull your USD out of their USD holding account and put it straight into your standard bank account. I think it would take about 5-7 business days for your bank to verify the transaction.
@_date: 2017-12-07 15:28:51
you can try the dollar cost averaging method just so you can get some skin in the game. or maybe just drop a hunddo so then if it goes crazy like it did last night you can still reap some fun spending money or if it crashes you dont go broke