@_author: zehipp0
@_date: 2016-11-09 20:43:35
You know what I mean - with your phone and no network connection.
Sure, NNs might not work everywhere, but I'd think they're intrinsically a more advanced technique, especially when considering that a computer architecture has generally been less suited for parallel computation. Again, I'm arguing that the approaches that work for chess are more computational (search logic with rules/heuristics easily expressed in code). NNs are further away from that, even if it can't strictly solve more problems. So the problems might be different, but the solutions have taken a longer time to reach for Go, precisely because computers weren't built to solve those kinds of problems.
And, with that said, it still requires more computational resources for a machine to play Go well, for very much the same reasons.
@_date: 2016-11-09 19:34:02
Human doctored heuristics doesn't really mean anything now, and no one has found a rule based system that works for go for 20 years. Whereas NNs have achieved astounding results in the last several years. Also "some sort of self-training" is a bit of an understatement for training neural networks using hundreds of gpus (or tpus). This would have probably taken computers in the 90s thousands of years.
Sure, computer has meant different hardware over time, but surely you should be able to infer an argument - I shouldnt have to give a mathematical proof while rigorously defining "computer," and "hard" etc. In any case, Go requires more computational resources to play well (against a human), on almost any hardware that is currently available or will be available. The heuristic itself for Go is also much more complicated (no human has ever written a good one, and if you were to take the NN that google made and generated code, it would literally be longer). It also required two decades of progression in the computing world before both the resources and the techniques would be enough to beat a human. This includes all the research that has gone into NNs and into the hardware as well. Go is harder than chess for a computer.
Also I would use destroy more carefully here - I can destroy mostly all amateurs in Go with a commerically available engine. I can't do that to any professional unless I work at Deepmind and have the hardware, and I certainly can't do that on my phone.
@_date: 2016-11-08 21:47:29
Refining parameters with ML techniques doesn't sound nearly the same as AlphaGo. I mean, probably most of the theory for all of these things were around since the 50s, but that doesn't mean all things are just as easy. I'm mostly saying that the environment as a whole probably could not have produced AlphaGo in the mid 90s - you needed the field (and processing power) to progress as a whole. Also, if you could just use techniques applied to Chess research in Go, people would have done that much earlier.
You can destroy many people online already, but I don't think people care to do it. Either way, I don't think Go is as easy to have computers play as chess. It's like trying to say that something like speech recognition would have been solved in the 60s, if only people put more research into it.
@_date: 2016-11-09 00:51:59
Certain tasks are intrinsically easier for computers, because of the way they are built (hardware). They're better for arithmetic, for algorithms like shortest paths, data storage/retrieval, etc. And I think chess is closer to that than Go is. GPU's and distributed systems help a lot with NN training (and Google has their own special-purpose hardware). There's also a lot more labelled data now available.
Also for the amount of effort, the previous work matters a lot. Even if you now have a two-line proof for something in mathematics, if it took the theory many years to develop to get there, then it's still a hard problem. There's no way to quantitatively measure the sum of all relevant work, but just looking at it, Go had quite a few different advancements to have computers play better than humans.
Again, doesn't make either game better or worse, but they are not at the same level of difficulty *for a computer.* I would obviously never play a Captcha-like game just cause it's hard for computers. But I might do a sudoku puzzle even though it's relatively easy for computers.
@_date: 2016-11-08 20:58:36
Iterative exploration (like MCTS) only reaches the level of about a strong amateur in Go (5-6d KGS). I don't think you'd be able have a computer reach top professional level at any other time than now, since all techniques beyond the strong amateur level have required convolutional neural networks.
This doesn't mean chess is less interesting, but you can't say that a top Go professional would have been beaten that much earlier if only there were more Go research. Maybe you could say that Go is easier for humans to play :). Also, there are no *complete* open source AlphaGo derivatives that I know of currently (Zen is apparently holding a press conference tomorrow though).
@_date: 2016-11-10 03:26:19


They've been around forever, but they've developed a lot from the 1940s until now. I don't think people even really started using ReLU's until 2011.


I agree on the not so useful for general computing, and my main point is that most popular paradigms in computing are not conducive to NNs or Go (which makes them unnatural for computers). However, I assert also that GPUs are more advanced technology than general hardware, and also that even with GPUs, you still require more compute for Go than Chess.


This seems pretty hard I'd think. Looked this up, and from the early 1990s to 2015, there's been about a million fold increase in computational power (with GPUs). Chess engines can run on much much less than a Go engine like AlphaGo.


It's still a rather powerful technique that requires a lot of compute, even if it's conceptually "easy." They also don't fit will with most computer architecture's we use, even GPUs are not quite there. But again, a lot of research has gone into making NNs work, and they make the "heuristic" for Go rather complicated (as rule-based heuristics don't really work for Go).
