@_author: zenitygames
@_date: 2015-12-04 16:50:48
I'd like to know more about how this actually differs from other prepaid cards / NFC payment systems. So I can top up with Bitcoin, but is that all?
@_date: 2015-12-18 02:31:50
Sounds like you want to run an ad. There are many ad services which you can pay for exposure to your video ad.
@_date: 2015-09-08 16:42:28
As a bystander who has no opinion whatsoever on the issues (nor posted here before), I would like to suggest a third option: People are simply put off by your handling of the situation.
Even if you are right and there is foul play at work, if not even a coordinated attack to harm the project, I would never agree with this method of handling it. Is it really hard to believe that people interested in a decentralised cryptocurrency generally reject any notions of authoritarianism? "Rejecting majoritarianism" only really makes sense to begin with if you have a generally agreed upon (i.e. democratic) consensus on what the fundamental rights are which deserve protection from the majority. I don't really see this here, and if I'm wrong then perhaps it needs to be communicated much more clearly.
It doesn't seem to be effective either, since you are pushing impartial third parties and observers (me included) away from the forum. Right or wrong, the impression that I am left with is that this sub is a kindergarten, while the "real" bitcoin-relevant discussions happen elsewhere. Make of that what you will.
@_date: 2015-11-04 22:14:42
If you had a 70% chance of receiving a million dollar, but a 30% chance of immediately burning to death in agonizing pain, would you take it? This kind of gambling is not for everyone, no matter what the chances are...
@_date: 2015-11-26 09:15:38
This confused me as well, so while it's already been explained well and in much detail, perhaps I can put it in a different way if it's still unclear to you. Obviously I'm not an expert and I'm just describing how I understand it so far from a big picture perspective.
I think the main confusion (at least in my case) is/was to think that these math problems are actually useful and thus miners are "earning" money from somebody who values those computing resources to solve their math problems. Like SETI or something.
That is of course not the case. The math problems have no value in itself other than to require an investment of resources. The purpose is only to ensure that being part of the network that verifies Bitcoin transactions requires an investment of resources, so no single source can falsify the records.
So you could argue that the mining network is "wasting" a massive amount of computing resources world wide, but the value that is generated from it is a rock solid and trustworthy ledger of Bitcoin transactions. Since miners are compensated for their efforts in Bitcoin, this is where the tangible value of Bitcoin comes from.
Miners trade the Bitcoin they generate for other value (e.g. fiat money) which should at least match the expense of mining it. We users buy Bitcoin because we value the trustworthiness of the ledger and resulting convenience of using Bitcoin to trade with each other. So arguably the objective value of Bitcoin is more or less how much it costs to mine one (plus a reasonable profit margin). If the price ever falls too low, miners will stop mining and the lack of supply should drive prices up again (unless people lose interest in using Bitcoin). If the price goes too high it becomes speculative and is likely to balance itself out again over time.
@_date: 2015-11-05 19:52:29
I would assume 5-10 BTC total, not per player.
@_date: 2015-11-26 20:03:03
Thanks, I was wondering about that. I still find it difficult to completely wrap my head around all the implications of that dynamic.