@_author: zenkibudo
@_date: 2014-12-14 21:52:30
Gauging and regulating currency is an extreme challenge, whether fiat or not.  Take the US dollar: though purely fiat, it seems to be well-regulated against dangers of inflation/deflation, and hence very stable.  And this comes from a former faithless gold-hoarder/prepper.
Consider the instability of Bitcoin for comparison.  Now, i like Bitcoin -- I like the the concept and the fact of it.  Only "flaw" (if you will) is the extreme boom and bust of it, which is immediately visible to anyone who looks at the historical charts of [bitcoin-vs-USD](
That's partly because of the way Bitcoin was constructed: only a set amount could ever be created/mined and exist, to in turn, retain a permanent, non-inflationary value.  And, I have to admire the creator/designers for this noble concept, and sticking with the plan.
On the other hand, you have the USD - which many view as being printed out of control.  I thought so too.  But the more I studied economics, I began to understand more...  like this esoteric principle: that a  country's populous and wealth can grow, like the USA's.  Hence, if the printed currency does not expand, you've got deflation, which has its own dangers (specifically -- there is no incentive to spend or invest if the money in your wallet is getting more valuable by the hour. No one spends? You get recession, etc).  
Conversely, with a teensy bit of inflation baked into the plan, you consistently give peeps an incentive to spend, and this is an extremely good thing: reddit stays in business, you and me keep our jobs, and same for all our friends and family.  How much inflation is teensy and good for us? 2%?  F* if I know!
The rule learned?: got to sometimes pump more currency into the flow to maintain balance between currency and macro-economic wealth. (And this is just once small facet -- sometimes contraction is needed too).
Bitcoin doesn't have this, and a host of other safety valves that sometimes need teams and teams of trained people (who can still occasionally f* up and create patches of economic chaos).
If the USD behaved like the Bitcoin chart, lots of folks would go into a panic mode.
Please correct me on anything  -- and/or tell your side.  Topic is **very** interesting to me...  


Absolutely.  But not just inflationary.  A viable currency needs to deflationary (at just the right moments) too, just like the USD is both, depending on scenario.  Else, currency holders can suffer.