@_author: zenxbear
@_date: 2013-05-21 20:28:20
what do you think [accountants are paid to do](
how can your ex wife lawyer find how much money you are hiding and conclude how much you own in pensions, if the money is hidden on a usb key, and there is no trace of transaction for jobs you did? how can the IRS guess that?
I don't know if it is good or bad overall, but bitcons for me is 1- transaction mean 2 - currency. The first is useless unless you want to do avoid supervision, and the second is an attempt to have a currency that is ruled by mathematical models more than a human intervention based on monetary policy resulting from a political and economical debates and elections...
@_date: 2013-05-22 08:40:36


I wasn't thinking about that 2 % per year, but about governments devaluating their money at specific events. French printing the "new franc" to pay their debts. Argentina too. i am sure african countries did it too. These inflations can also have objectives of economy boosting, precisely in making imports expensive and boosting exports. Also puching people into investing their money instead of being in Gold under the bed. 
By creating a currency that is not affected by human policies [that we sometime vote for], and 0 inflation, you are at the same time pulling the little tools of economic intervention/influence by the government away from it. 


that is why we invest in retirement pension. But even that isn't working. The BBC had an article, and they with something like 80% of pension funds give half the money back in PPP.
@_date: 2013-05-22 15:38:26
now that it has stabilized, the 100 out of 1 profits are no more possible. Unless, big players comes into the party.
as for gold, it is also treated as a commodity. So if 2 weeks before you decide to convert your gold into cash, the russian gov decides to dump gold on the market, you are screwed.
monetary policy is the way government gets out of the pressure of creditors, who are part of the lobby that pushed towards dissociating gold/dollar parity, and profit from lending back to the government what it gives them free of interest. So if you take that from its hands, you have either to face these lobbies directly, or let the gov go bankrupt. Basically you have to do something equivalent to what a king would have done centuries ago to over zealous creditors: beheading. ^^
@_date: 2013-05-21 17:43:04
Bitcoin is very appealing to 30 y o libertarians/ anarcho capitalists, because beyond the mining process of creating money, one can exchange money in total anonymity and outside the main 3 players [Visa, mastercard and Paypal].
But this has a cost, which anarcho-capitalists are seeking: rendering government unable to function as it can't tax anymore, because bitcon makes democracy no more a matter of groups, but rather individuals who can exchange money without anyone knowing. At the end of the day, Bitcoin aims at suppressing any need for trusting governments/banks/monetary systems, which leads to killing them. 
You should ask yourself whether you still see people trusting a system that you can influence [marginally] by votes, lobbying... Or accept the idea that ultimately you are to follow the dictate of the crowd. Now:
1 - If you are tech-savvy, you can play with it. Probably earn some money, although you need to be cautious. The crash that were reported were due to specific events... but still there is potential risk of volatility.
2 - If you are skeptic, wait to see those that are mining, queuing up to place their 401k into bitcoins.  
3 - If you are a economist, probably Keynesian, so among those that get downvoted and trashed in this place. You will probably consider this bitcoin as yet another way to play with a supreme social power that is money. A way among many to screw people and even countries.
@_date: 2013-05-21 20:55:13
No advantage over cash, easily traceable! What is it then for? a scam to make gullible people trow their 401 k with the hope that putting money in bitcoins would devaluate less that if put in dollars? Why don't people use instead their supper models to engineer some super financial instrument that would preserve their money?
@_date: 2013-05-21 23:19:41


when they create money digitally, it is created by giving loans... so the money given correspond to actual work done. So the amount of money thrown is related to a to some growth.


so this is basically, an attempt to avoid consequences of sudden devaluation of money that some countries do every 40-50 years to get out of debt/recession... 
I don't think this kind of free cheaper exchange of money would really work better than what we have now, if you don't allow people to move freely. Because these devaluation policies [what you call "an entity print off a bunch for free"] are consequence of inequality of development, and won't disappear. You should wait and see, where the problems [that you think are solved with bitcoin] are popping out on others levels. There can't be a magic remedy, especially when you are toying with money, the source of all desire whether you are public institution or private company.
We will see. But I don't want value of savings to grow, I just my savings to be fair, that is to get the same ppp 40 years after. And most  banks where you invest, fail to achieve that. And adding another risk on top of that, wouldn't be wise.
@_date: 2013-05-21 21:41:08
not easier than using banks. Paypal/visa is pretty straightforward. without some the fees, sure. 
If we are talking about first aspect, Bitcoin for transactions. I remind you that I pay 40€/year to have a visa and an acess for all e-commerce transaction with visa card. If it was only about circumventing paypal fees on ebay, why simply not introduce a payment service with less fees without creating a currency? Why simply not a paybuddy that takes half paypal's fees?
 
Second, on Bitcoin as currency, comparing it to cash. When government prints money, the cost of printing 1 Dollar, is 1 dollar. Similarly, if you bitcoin was valued 1 Dollar, then printing it should require work for 1 Dollar. If it is 126$, then it must require 126$ of work to make another one. If this is not the case, then you are creating money out of nothing, and a sane man would continue to make bitcoins and sell them and make money out of nothing.
In the same way, you can't tell people to invest in bitcoin by claiming future growth. Not because it is not possible to do it [and I think you prove that it can work]. But because it is unsustainable for entire populations to have someone converting "x amount of work in USD" into bitcoins, then some mathematical thingy would give him back "10  times in powerpurchaseparity of that x amount" 10 year later.
@_date: 2013-05-22 14:39:32
I get your point. But to get the first under control [bankers, ceo] by making the second [those you vote for] weaker when it comes to impose policy on the fed [instead of nominating former members of the first] ... doesn't feel like a good maneuver.
You want to turn the table over both, but deep down I don't feel the first are going to loose. I will follow this bitcoin for afar, coz the little I have is much more precious to me than those millions are for Winklevoss.
@_date: 2013-05-22 13:33:02
and isn't that done in the interest of some majority? by taking control of monetary policies away from government, you are asking it to be a trusted partner for those who give it credit, making it harder to track transactions, and depriving it of the power of bailing out by devaluing money... 
When a governement is in Debt under a recession, cutting expenses alone is not enough. Because it is influencing negatively GDP, and indirectly taxes. So the gov decreases interest rates to push for investments, and devalue money to push for exporting the new increase of production, and make it more difficult to to import. And the US has a slight advantage over lets Germany, because a lot of raw materials are priced in dollars. So you can't deprive gov from the power of devaluing money AND ask them influence on the economy to bring growth back.
Second, you are asking gov to be this very trusted borrower. By doing that you are overpoewring its creditors, and hinder the gov intervention is sectors it might consider as vital on a long term.
Third, we saw how big companies [ car and banks] had to resort to interest free credit from the gov in order to bust their activity. Sure, it won't always work, but the gov indirectly payed for the interest of the loan he gave, just to secure businesses. In the end, money is to be invested, not to sit in vaults and usb-key vaults. These companies, the fed trew money at, are not just going to disappear because you created bitcoin.
For year, US gov asked China to re-evaluate its currency. Do you think current gov and economic situation are compatible with USA and China using same bitcoins? What if the interests of bitcoin miners in the US is devalue bitcoin, contradicts with the interests of bitcoin miners in China who would want a bigger purchase power to boost their exports?
we will see how bitcoin turns in 10 years or so.