@_author: zephdub
@_date: 2014-01-23 17:48:56
Thanks for adding a link to the correct comment!  Not sure how I screwed that up...
A couple examples from either extreme:
1. Difficulty stays perfectly constant -- your 7 coins/week rig will continue to mine that forever.  In this case, yes, variance is meaningless because bad luck this week (maybe you only earn 4 coins) can be overcome by good luck that comes next week (or maybe next month(?)) when you earn 10 coins.  After a year, its very likely that you'll be right in line with the 1 coin/day scenario.
2. Difficulty rises once and only once on the next difficulty adjustment by +1000%.  Your 7 coins/week rig _should_ mine 7 coins over the next week, then it will mine only 0.7 coins/week forevermore.  In this case, by exposing yourself to variance with a smaller pool and/or non-PPS payout structure, you're effectively gambling with the 7 coins that you *should* be earning.  Sure, you might get lucky and earn 10 coins, but if you get really unlucky and earn only 3.5 coins (50% what you should), then it will take **10 weeks** of proportionally equal good luck (150% expected earnings) in the future to make up for that loss.  (And we can all agree that is statistically very unlikely to happen.)
Of course, actual reality is somewhere between these two examples, but the extreme numbers illustrates the effect that people are trying to avoid by minimizing their exposure to variance (be it through joining a really large pool, or by finding one that still offers a PPS payout scheme).
@_date: 2014-01-23 01:06:33
I'm surprised digitalspider received so many downvotes; he is correct (if you give him the benefit of the doubt and realize that what he meant by "difficulty [going] up every single day" was not that difficulty changes are literally happening every day, but that the difficulty has been rising rapidly because total network hashing power has been going up every single day).
What this massive rise in difficulty means is that your mining rig is as profitable (in BTC terms) today (and for the next 0 to ~12 days) as it will _ever_ be.  So, you can opt to gamble on some variance for that time, and you may come out ahead, but if your pool has bad luck for the next 0-12 days (and isn't using PPS), then the loss you take _won't_ get paid back by good luck in the future (when the difficulty is +40%).
@_date: 2014-10-23 19:59:30
This smell of covert marketing to anyone else?  Why would someone who has been religiously buying 1btc every 2 weeks through coinbase for so long (without issue) happen to setup a verified account with circle "a couple weeks back" such that within (allegedly) 15 minutes of receiving the email from coinbase he was able to transfer funds to circle and complete the 1 btc purchase??
The language in this post and the immediacy of the flip (from coinbase customer to fanatic circle customer) is highly suspicious.
Bitcoin makes me skeptical of everything.
@_date: 2014-06-13 16:41:30
The easy way to do this would just be to shorten the average block time.  Following your 3-fold adjustment example, an average block-time of 3.333 minutes would include 1/3 of the transactions that a block used to, and could be made worth 1/3 of the old block reward.
The alt-coins that have done this always touted 'faster confirmations' as being the benefit.  (Dubious.)  But it certainly does offer lower the possibility of lower mining variance for smaller pools.
@_date: 2012-10-17 23:34:43
And what happens when everyone demands their deposits back from the bank?  It crashes. This is the problem.
@_date: 2012-10-17 23:29:47
What would cause the BTC market to suddenly get flooded with supply?  This is the implication you're making without basis.  The same FUD could be spread about any stock, bond, mutual fund, etc. -- "OMG, impending doom!  Sell your stock in Google right now before everyone else does and your investment becomes worthless!"
@_date: 2013-10-29 16:22:12
"Banks: Too Big to Fail.  Bitcoin: Too Free to Fall"
~Tom Petty
@_date: 2013-10-07 17:14:56
I may be wrong, but the loophole with this idea appears to be that it would actually reduce the security of your BTC prior to it being seized.  The existence of these scripts idling on multiple computers implies that all your coins are effectively sitting in a hot wallet.  Additionally, if these scripts are capable of executing transactions without your intervention, that implies that they already have (or can easily access) the private keys of your hot wallet in-the-clear.
@_date: 2013-03-12 03:24:58
So, the only problem I have with all of this is that the 'democratic response' arrived at by the devs and other high-profile members of the community (revert to 0.7) seems to contradict the democratic vote of the miners...  I thought the fundamental tenant of this whole system was that we trust the block chain crafted with the most computational power (i.e. the longest chain) and here we are undoing that???
Edit:  My general concern is that this issue (a DB limitation) exists in 0.7 which the network has reverted to.  To ever get past this, the _majority_ of the network will have to upgrade to a newer version, creating the risk that those who haven't upgraded will fork the block chain.  Effectively, this already happened (with 0.8).  Of course, it's likely that things will go more smoothly the next time now that this issue has been exposed.
@_date: 2013-03-12 04:17:51
True.  Although I guess it's really the pool operators that are jumping in.(Not to say that they shouldn't, but many are voting with multiple terahashes/s of power when they make that choice...)
@_date: 2013-03-12 15:19:27
I guess I'm speaking for those who weren't watching this unfold in real-time...
@_date: 2013-03-12 15:44:55
One other point to be made is that in these cases (forks [potentially] requiring a rollback), miners aren't really voting, so much as trying to protect themselves from loss.  Everyone mining towards the 0.8 version of the chain was effectively wasting time and therefore losing money.  But this only became clear when the general recommendation of downgrading to 0.7 was announced.  At that point, miners weren't deciding whether they agreed with that recommendation or not (and voting accordingly with their hashing power), but instead they were switching to 0.7 asap to avoid wasting any more time on the 0.8 fork.
Note that I'm not trying to whine (if the above sounds whiny), but I think it's an interesting consideration that undermines the perception of miners having the ability to vote with their hashing power.  In reactionary cases, the self-interested miner _shouldn't_ vote, but instead should do his best to predict/anticipate the consensus and move in that direction as quickly as possible.
@_date: 2013-04-04 18:16:29
As for touting its benefits, I think those are well known.
As for facing common criticisms of Bitcoin, I think it works best to keep things simple and appeal to the average person (one who watches TV for financial news as opposed to accessing it on the internet).  To achieve this, I'd recommend sticking to analogies as opposed to getting into technical detail; those that become curious enough can research all the technical detail themselves.  For example:
* When addressing security/counterfeiting concerns  -- emphasize that it uses the same (or similar) cryptographic primitives as online banking.  People comfortable accessing online banking should also be comfortable with the security of Bitcoin.
* When addressing theft/hacking -- emphasize that it behaves very similarly to gold/cash; the responsibility lies with the bearer to protect themselves from theft.  The digital/online nature of it does increase an individuals exposure depending on how they choose to use Bitcoin.
* When addressing allegations that it is only appropriate for illegal activity (money laundering, sale of illicit goods, etc.) -- emphasize that in this way it is again no different than cash.