@_author: zeppyfloyd
@_date: 2017-12-13 15:17:41
Idk what kind of regulation they could possibly put on bitcoin to kill it among true believers in the technology. It would be like trying to shut down piratebay or trying to ban torrents. They can try to tax it, but if the end goal here is to replace fiat eventually, then what use would be all the fiat tax to them? Obviously there are many kinks to work out, both economical and technological, but I can't see how a government trying to kill it won't be left in the dust when the rest of the world moves on without them.
@_date: 2017-12-13 14:52:45
You don't know what an analogy is, nor do you understand what the guy's main concern was. Fiat currency is an inflationary asset. There's an incentive in spending it now rather than later. Bitcoins are a deflationary asset. People aren't going to be incentivised to spend BTC now if they think its gonna quadruple in value in the next month. It has to stabilize somehow before it can be used as a currency. Right now, what gives bitcoin value other than the people who are willing to pay for it? And why would they (the people who are looking for quick returns), keep their money in BTC once the returns get stale? It has no government guarantee, nor is it tied to a physical asset with industrial value. You're vastly underestimating how few people with a skin in the game believe or even understand the underlying technological marvel. I don't expect the majority to weather the harsh dips/crashes and come out the other side.
I love bitcoin and blockchain and have put money in various blockchain projects, but don't fool yourself and others with this blind cult worship. Bitcoin has it's kinks. No currency was perfect in the first 8 years of its existence. Its okay to acknowledge these imperfections and still look forward to the enormous potential it has for a new age in fintech.
@_date: 2017-12-13 15:51:56
Ban it how exactly? Your wallet is data. Bits. 1s and 0s. Your wallet weighs nothing and doesn't necessarily exist physically. If they want to criminalize cryptocurrency, at that point, they're criminalizing thought. And if you're at a level of dystopian descent where you can commit thought crime against a government, currency would the least worrying thing on your mind.