@_author: zerimas
@_date: 2018-08-12 20:52:08


You're right. With the way things are going it might a few percent less. Nevermind that bitcoin swings more than that on any given day or when the exchanges decide they want to liquidate the short/long positions with a margin call.
@_date: 2018-08-10 19:42:54


Except a 16GB flash drive is actually a useful thing. It will still be a useful thing when 64GB flash drives are the same price. What I purchase with these $100 worth of bitcoins? Why can't I just purchase it with fiat? 
You can HODL for better flash drives all you want. However, they're still useful things. The only way purchasing anything in bitcoin is worth my time is if I get significantly more than my money's worth for the transaction to offset the risk that the money will be worth significantly more in more the future. Only someone desperate for butts would accept those terms. If butts increase in value, I paid too much. If they decrease in value, the merchant is SYFL. It is a shitty situation for everyone, so why would you spend or accept it as payment? I am not seeing how it is advantageous for either party. You're advocating making transaction into a long/short position on the future of butts. Fiat has none of these problems.    
@_date: 2018-08-10 21:20:37
How? What can you purchase with bitcoin? And also you comparing the potential for having purchased a slightly more useful object for the same price versus the potential for gains. With fiat I don't have to bet whether my money will be worth same amount in a few years. I can buy 16GB for $100 now, or I can get a bigger one a few years from now at that price. I am still purchasing roughly the same amount of goods—it is just that there have been some price adjustments to the products over the years. $100 is still buying me the same amount of goods, but the goods have gotten slightly better due to external factors and market forces. However, I have no idea 0.0162 BTC ($100 USD as of today) will buy me even a week from now. 0.0162 BTC might get me $120 worth of goods next week, or it could only get me $80. 
You comparing two different things. A $100 will have the same purchasing power a few years from now. The purchasing power of BTC varies so widely that it is stupid to spend it (assuming it goes up which is why people HODL) and stupid to accept it (because it should go down). The quality of flash cards changes due to improved productions costs and other market forces and the prices of higher storage ones come down. You're still getting roughly the same quantity of goods.
You somehow are equating people not HODLing with early adopters of consumer electronics. I don't think they are the same at all.   
@_date: 2018-06-21 00:22:37
I'm glad I'm not completely crazy. It does make sense if you don't have $2.5 billion and heavily invested in buttcoin. If you pretend you have money and issue ersatz money for use on exchanges, then it makes sense to make it really difficult to redeem USDT for USD. If too many people started redeeming their USDT, they'd find out pretty quickly that you don't have $2.5 billion and were just issuing Monopoly money to pump up the price of a speculative asset. 
@_date: 2018-06-20 20:06:41
I've looked into it, no one can offer any proof of Tether redeeming USDT for USD. The one site that suggested it was possible stated it was only for institutional accounts and for values greater than or equal to $50,000. I'll ask And again, why does it exist? It's only goal is to inflate the price buttcoin by getting around some pesky laws regarding currency. If they are legitimate, how are they making money? Banks make money by investing, loaning, and charging transaction fees. Tether just sits on it, and no one actually uses the Tether platform itself so they can't be making a killing on fees. If they have a stake in butts market I guess they profit off of the price going up thanks to the added liquidity USDT provides, but I feel like there are much better ways to make money when you have **$2.5 billion dollars** just sitting around. 
If I had $2.5 billion dollars, why would I bother with butts? However, there is incentive for them to pretend they have that much money (when they don't have anywhere near that sum at all), issue a supposedly "backed" token, and the profit off of manipulating the market. That seems plausible. Issuing your own brand of internet funbux seems like silly enterprise if actually have real money available.  
@_date: 2018-06-20 16:56:01
If Tether is fully backed, why can't you redeem your USDT for USD? Why would you just leave 2.5 billion dollars in a bank account? Yeah, you'll make money on the interest but I'm reasonably certain there are better ways to make money when you have that amount of capital. Doesn't the whole thing strike you as suspicious?
Did you also read the list caveats:


Accepted	Accounting	Principles.


audit	and	were	not	conducted	in	accordance	with	Generally	Accepted	Auditing	Standards.


inquiries	 made	 by	 FSS	 have	 been	 directed	 to	 the	 Client	 and/or	 third	 party	 personnel	 responsible	 for	
maintaining	 such	 information,	 and	 the	 data	 has	 been	 obtained	 from	 the	 Client	 and/or	 third	 party	
personnel	responsible	for	maintaining	such	information.


findings	listed	above	as	of	June	1st,	2018,	Close	of	Business.		FSS	has	not	performed	any	procedures	or	
made	any	conclusions	for	activity	prior	to	or	subsequent	to June	1st,	2018,	Close	of	Business.


applicable	laws	and	regulations	in	any	jurisdiction.	


duly	authorized	to	provide	such	confirmations,	and	that	the	confirmations	were	correct.
*TL;DR*: FSS did nothing. FSS: Tether gave us this information, and were going to assume it is correct. We have no idea if the people at the bank were actually qualified to do so, but we're a shady enough law firm that will give it a stamp of "legitimacy". 
@_date: 2018-06-20 20:35:22
What? I am pretty sure that is not the case. You've purchased USDT from them, which they claim you can then redeem 1:1 for USD. Tokenholders aren't entitled to shit. If they're holding peoples money for them, wouldn't that make them a bank? Why do you think ICOs are so lucrative? I'll tell you: it is because you get money for nothing, and you don't actually owe your customers anything. 
Tether is not a fucking piggy bank. You can hold Tether without having an account or any sort of interaction with them. Owning USDT doesn't make you a shareholder. You aren't entitled to anything. You gave them money and they gave you shitcoin. End of deal. Now they claim you can redeem your shit 1:1, but that is another issue entirely.
Your conclusions are completely fucking delusional. I'd recommend that you see a psychiatrist, but I am aware of how difficult that is. Unfortunately being a libertarian wouldn't actually be considered pathological under the DSM-V. 
@_date: 2018-06-20 23:10:09


Good luck trying to give them a token. Try it and see how far you get. According to their TOS they aren't obligated to give you shit. Its unknown if their TOS holds any legal weight. 
Fuck it. If 1 USDT=1 USD then what the fuck is [Canadian Tire money]( 1 CTM=1 CAD, right? I can go into any Canadian Tire and redeem whatever I have for that amount of product at a Canadian Tire store. Fuck the blockchain. Why don't we just transact in that? At least I know for a fact that Canadian Tire certainly does have merchandise to back back at least some of what is issued. 
The question of whether Tether is legally obligated to redeem USD is a tricky question. Their website says:


but also


The thing is you can't register.
@_date: 2018-07-24 21:53:15
But regular ATMs aren't almost as bad. At least where I am. They also have the ability to dispense a usable currency immediately. 
@_date: 2018-07-23 17:28:16
I assume you live in America. It's like $2 total even if you use a sketchy ATM in a bar. I guess if you take out $20 that is a 10% fee. Are ATMs not cheap or free with your bank?
@_date: 2018-07-24 01:12:24
Maybe there should be some kind of regulation? This is literally the free market at work here. I fail to see how bitcoin is the solution to this. 