@_author: zero0n3
@_date: 2018-02-06 17:16:51
Each bank would have to, yes...  
Why do you see an issue with this?  That is the whole point of having a private implementation.
Here is a case why you wouldn't want ACH (to go along with my example) to be based on a public chain, and want and NEED the control to be internal to the banks themselves (keep in mind the big bad REGULATIONS banks have to abide by too).
Say we build a ACH replacement on btc, the easy attack is as follows:
- slowly build up a mining group that has something between 30 - 40% of the capacity.
- trigger a power outage across an adversary.
- watch your % go up to over 50%
- fudge shit, hide transfers, steal money, whatever.
- power outage restored, no one the wiser.
(which is easier in your mind, owning over 51% of the miners or doing / waiting for something to happen so your % is over 50, or hacking over 50% of the banks that are a part of this ACH network)
Yes, I am ignoring the technical details.  
Just trying to give an example of why a bank (again lots of regulation not just nationally but internationally), would want this private and under 'their' control ("their" in this case means the consortium of sorts of all the banks using this tech to do bank to bank transfers).
None of your reasons works for bank-to-bank transfers.  They don't care about wide usage as its only for bank to bank transfers.  They don't care about first mover advantage.
You are comparing bitcoin to TCP and I don't see it.  Blockchain (the tech) is more in line with TCP.  bitcoin would be closer to a layer 7 application (like HTTP) built on top of blockchain technology (TCP)
In the example, we could choose to use BTC, litecoin, ETH, Monero, etc as our blockchain base, but banks (or the 'ACH group of banks' would want to own and control that base).
I guess all I am saying, is that there are 100% use cases for a private block chain
@_date: 2018-02-06 04:45:23
For shipping its not just about efficiency (security in the manifests is important for auditing).
A better example may be something like the ACH network (IE bank to bank transfers). 
Based on Wikipedia, the ACH does around 24 billion transactions a year (2015), and 60% was done by the Federal Reserve Banks.
This is about half what Visa does (visa is somewhere ~1800/second based on 2016 numbers).
A private ETH based blockchain can easily surpass 1000 transactions/sec with the right equipment and fat pipes.
(which banks already have!)
Each bank would also be required to have exactly one mining node.  There is your security.  What would the chances of over 50% of the banks getting compromised (There are close to 7000 FDIC insured banks in the US)
