@_author: zeroluck
@_date: 2017-12-20 20:57:48
one sided thinking.. how about another look.
bob sold apples in a market without notice, causing all the other apple sellers to lose their shit. Bob mentioned that he would start selling apples in 2018. than shows up without notice.
funny how we get a text messages for every little thing their site does but for something this big.. no announcement. biggest reason i'm a little ticked off is..someone screwed up and sent me $50 of bcash through coinbase on Dec. 14. Aside from someone losing $50 (sorry, if i knew who it was i'd send it back) this shows coinbase had bcash for some people and not everyone. and last night when the price ran up to $9500, i'm sure some of their employees or insiders who were allowed to buy and sell earlier, benefited.
so yea, causing the dip for ltc from $350+ to $280.. causing btc to less than 15k might not be a scam, but it was manipulation.. (oh lets not forget gdax not allowing login for a good 15min while the price came back a little.. causing people not to be able to buy back what they lost)
@_date: 2017-12-20 05:39:16


limit yes(has no fees), stop no.(there are fees). stop orders cost something. 
sidenote: I'm not even sure why they have a stop buy order. doesn't work correctly. I've tried every possible combination to make it work correctly. Maybe I don't understand the concept of it.
@_date: 2017-12-20 21:19:13
can i ask, how do you trust these hardware keys?
I mean, is this safer than downloading coins on to your computer and possibly backing it up?
i ask because i worry if I get one of these and plug it in.. lets say it has a timer and a year from now...  just to send all the coins automatically?
maybe i watch too many movies.
@_date: 2017-12-20 05:56:56
scammed.. set panic into my heart... I was in the middle of paying at the store and made a stupid move. sold, didn't hodl. 
lost a lot of money today. If I knew what what going on I would of just left it alone.. I worry this might make them close shop or get jammed up with some federal thing.. I know crypto isn't regulated but it might put an end to coin-base for being as greedy as bcash founders.
I worry what will happen to my money/coins if this forces them to shut down.
@_date: 2017-11-29 20:53:14
I was trying to by BTC and LTC.. but it kept being weird.. my friend found a loop hope and was buying 10 ltc at a time.. it was going through..
but this coinbase thing freaked me out..
Last night right after the dip, i tried to buy and my bank sent me an email telling me they are declining this purchase.. coinbase sent me a "order canceled" notice.. I feel like the banks were crashing last night and today coinbase.
@_date: 2017-11-22 20:56:22
this looks great. I really wish I understood mining to this level. This tool will help.. I just don't know how, yet. thank you.
@_date: 2017-11-30 07:41:51
well said. it's not even really a long term plan. 5 to 10 years is almost nothing compared to a 401k or traditional/roth ira's. Not to mention how much you have to put in to a traditional retirement if your employer does not offer any plan. Key word is Hodl. jokes aside, I thought the BT-Cash attack was bad and tried to sell.. I am so happy I couldn't sell due to coinbase limits and I learned regardless of anything, you can't have gains every single day and not have it dip here and there. Today it wasn't even a Dip. My bank blocked me last night from purchasing, which is possible they blocked many others, and this morning coinbase screwed up with their updates. causing a panic and here we are, 12 hours later. All is ok.
I'm just upset with myself for not sleeping last night and most of today.. running on a 2 hour nap. Next time I'll be better prepared. 
@_date: 2017-11-20 20:25:50
That makes sense, but what about all the minor transactions that delayed the bitcoin network. I read that they flooded the network with a ton of transactions to try and force the 1MB issue to make CASH better. I was sure that played a roll in the dip. How can I check what Block we are on?
One thing I noticed and am thankful for is, by the time i figured out how to send my BTC to my wallet so I can exchange it to BCH.. it took all night. 
Being a complete newb, i typed out my wallets address instead of copy and paste and freaked out all night that I just send all my money to a random person since it wasn't going through. but this delay helped me because I would of been one of those guys exchanging BCH at $1500. Kind of saved me from myself.
@_date: 2017-11-22 22:20:23
How do you come up with your difficulty percentage. I mean it's based off the 10 minute per block mark? 
Is your calculation based on the full 2016 black's or what it's currently on? I mean, right now it's showing a little over -2.8%, will this number be closer to zero once the blocks are closer to the end?
lastly, what does difficulty have to do with it, i mean is there historical data that shows why the miners decided to leave 10 days ago, or was the difficulty adjusted too high last time?
Maybe it was based on newer mining equipment, maybe the newer computers were able to mine coins faster? 
I'm full of questions on this subject.. and many other aspects of Bitcoin/crypto.. I still wonder if I made the right choice to purchase lite coin and bit coin. I know I can't afford but maybe it's not too late for litecoin.
@_date: 2017-11-22 22:56:25
That answers so much. thank you! 
so right now, all things equal and we were on the last block.. at -2.9%, the program would automatically make the difficulty easier -2.9%.
the last dip, it was a combination of a few things but from reading many posts and news... it was a big dip because of bitCash attacking the network with transactions to delay bitCoins tx speed.. however iSmith's post (from the first reply in this topic), he said it was because the miners left and came back.
I just want to see if there is a correlation with miners leaving and coming back every time there is a dip in the price. Or in fact the few other posts I read was, bitCash will attack the network again on the next difficulty change. 
Is there any truth to the network being vulnerable during a difficulty change?
