@_author: zerodayacc
@_date: 2019-07-27 05:00:41
Well done on choosing Armory. 
Your coins are not lost. Provided your seed is secure, you will be able to restore the wallet and access the coins it controls at any point in the future. You have so far created the seed, generated an address, and funded this address. 
In order to have access to the coins you control, connect Armory to a fully synced blockchain, and let it build its database and index your wallet against the bitcoin core node:  
1) Download and sync bitcoin core  
2) Run armory (again) and let it index your wallet  
Should you require further assistance, goatpig, the lead maintainer, will be happy to help out. He can be found by opening a ticket in bitcointalk ( [ ).
@_date: 2017-02-11 15:00:49
Thank you for a quick reply. Could one use proof-of-stake in relation to soft-forks?
@_date: 2017-02-08 08:46:54
This is the first time I have voiced an opinion.
I’m a long-time user who has followed bitcoin since 2012. I hold a small balance, use bitcoin core as my main wallet, connect to the network without port forwarding, and update the ledger every week or so. I’m acutely aware of the requirements on running a full-node, the guarantee that my interests on the ledger are maintained (not something I will give up without abandoning bitcoin itself).
At its core, the discussion around scaling, in extremis, is between a gross settlement system, or a net deferred settlement system. A gross settlement system is one where most transactions take place on-chain whereas a net-deferred settlement system is one where transactions take place on secondary layers / ledgers and where the deferred settlement obligations are periodically recorded onto the bitcoin blockchain.
A gross settlement system, disregarding the technical hurdles in establishing and maintaining this fact, implies that miners become “gate- and rule-keepers” as it becomes increasingly difficult for the stakeholders to the ledger to enforce and ensure that the consensus rules are followed due to the requirements placed on running a full-node. Moreover, as the early adopters (who are more likely to hold significant balances and run a full-node themselves) sell into price rises, the economic majority they previously held becomes less prevailing.
Bitcoin, as the rules dictate today, tasks the maintenance over the ledger with the stakeholder, and not a central account operator. The power this affords the stakeholder shall not be underestimated. Every system of control today is based on the premise that the stakeholder to the ledger is at the mercy of the account operator (which gives an indication of why cash is increasingly out of favour with tptb).
The reasonable path forward is seemingly a solution where some form of net-deferred settlement layer is placed on-top of bitcoin so that the requirements placed on full-nodes is lessened. This approach is in fact how our current financial system operates today. There are no two ledgers which can update simultaneously which is why we have clearing houses and central banks which maintain a register over the outstanding net-payment flows between ledgers (which are intermittently reconciled).
In order to achieve any form of net-deferred settlement layer on top of bitcoin, a few things need to happen.
1)	Bitcoin needs a malleability fix
2)	Bitcoin must handle transactions with a large number of inputs and outputs so that a simultaneous exchange of deferred delivery obligations can occur (i.e. sighashes need to scale linearly rather than quadratically)
In addition, if we are to develop secure stakeholder-side handling of private keys, it would be helpful if hardware wallets didn’t need to hash previous transactions.
Now, it seems like the core developers have managed to develop sound technical solutions which provide the opportunity for us to scale through net-deferred settlement layers (and as a consequence of their solution, have even managed to fit more transactions into a block, which can be further optimised by signature aggregation).
In response, the parties with the most to gain from a gross settlement framework are blocking the implementation of the foundational building blocks for developing net-deferred settlement models.
What we have here is the definition of politics – a conflict of interests masquerading as a contest of principles.
With that said, I would like to suggest that while net-deferred settlement layers might buy us some time by net-deferred settlements and interoperability with other ledgers, there is undoubtedly a need to hard-fork the network at some point. This is something we should start planning for together and which core should recognize, as it will take several years before the requirements of the hard-fork will be agreed upon, and even longer to securely activate.
@_date: 2017-02-10 08:23:42
From Nick:


At its core, the discussion around scaling, in extremis, is between a gross settlement system, or a net deferred settlement system. A gross settlement system is one where most transactions take place on-chain whereas a net-deferred settlement system is one where transactions take place on secondary layers / ledgers and where the deferred settlement obligations are periodically recorded onto the bitcoin blockchain.
In order to achieve any form of net-deferred settlement layer on top of bitcoin, a few things need to happen.
1)	Bitcoin needs a malleability fix
2)	Bitcoin must handle transactions with a large number of inputs and outputs so that a simultaneous exchange of deferred delivery obligations can occur (i.e. sighashes need to scale linearly rather than quadratically)
The reason we need cross ledger interoperability is the following – it will allow bitcoin to become the de-facto settlement finality ledger.
While all financial institutions and the consultants who sell them services are all “gaga” about the potential for “blockchain”, they will have great difficulties in finding a suitable payment leg against which they can settle blockchain based ledgers. They have all the blockchains consultants can sell them, but no means of effecting payment between counterparties until a central bank decides it’s time to issue their own blockchain based currency (and are hence rather useless). Bitcoin, being neutral, open access, and not under any account operators control, has a good chance of fitting the bill in terms of offering payment finality against other ledgers (which, at its core, is exactly what constitutes a financial institution regardless if they have a registry over your currency balances, your shares, or other assets). Issuing assets on a blockchain is easy, effecting payment finality is hard when current payment systems are all operated by an account administrator.
This is where we all want for bitcoin.


I would add side-chains (and not just lightning).
Moreover, it succinctly details the value proposition of bitcoin, namely - bitcoin, as the rules dictate today, tasks the maintenance over the ledger with the stakeholder, and not a central account operator. Every system of control today is based on the premise that the stakeholder to the ledger is at the mercy of an account operator who has the right to determine when you have access to your assets, under what circumstances, who you can transact with, etc. The power bitcoin affords the stakeholder shall not be underestimated. 
@_date: 2017-02-08 20:22:29
First of all, I’d like to point out that I’m of the opinion that the network needs a hard fork - only one – and it needs to be well thought out (wish-list), considered (avoid negative impacts), and allow for further on-chain scaling. Secondly, I believe we need to ensure that the maintenance of the ledger never slips away from being stakeholder orientated. Thirdly, bitcoin, if it is to fulfil its potential needs to have the tools required for cross ledger interoperability and become the de-facto settlement finality ledger. While all financial institutions and the consultants who sell them services are all “gaga” about the potential for “blockchain”, they will have great difficulties in finding a suitable payment leg against which they can settle blockchain based ledgers. They have all the blockchains consultants can sell them, but no means of effecting payment between counterparties until a central bank decides it’s time to issue their own blockchain based currency (and are hence rather useless). Bitcoin, being neutral, open access, and not under any account operators control, has a good chance of fitting the bill in terms of offering payment finality against other ledgers (which, at its core, is exactly what a  financial institution is – regardless if they have a registry over your currency balances, shares, etc). Issuing assets on a blockchain is easy, effecting payment finality is hard when current payment systems are all operated by an account administrator. This is where I think we all want to see bitcoin develop.
With regards to the incentives of developing the protocol towards gross settlement at this stage, I would caution against economic calculations which rely on the short term and focus on the current level of TX fees. Should we immediately pursue down the path of gross settlement scaling it is very likely that the requirements on running a full-node will soon hand over an undue amount of influence over the control of our shared ledger. The thought of wielding such power is tempting, and we should only relinquish it piecemeal in order to accommodate larger net-deferred settlement flows. 
@_date: 2017-02-11 15:05:55
I agree in terms of overall network security, however, it may work in terms of voting in relation to the activation of a soft-fork?
@_date: 2017-03-23 20:06:24
Is there any way of mapping from which software a transaction originates so as to gauge the economic weight of the various node softwares? This statistic is the true determinant of the economic majority.
@_date: 2017-03-20 12:02:53
UASF + PoW change if network forks
@_date: 2017-03-24 04:28:49
My question is in relation to what percentage of transactions and volumes originates from the different type of nodes. I suspect many old software nodes as well as BU nodes don't execute any transaction as they are either part of a node-farm or not used very often. My suspicion is that an even higher percentage of actual transactions take place from segwit enabled nodes.
@_date: 2017-03-21 00:57:17
Nice work. Quick question.
Current mainnet starts with a 1 or 3. Current testnet starts with an m or an m (not sure about P2SH addresses).
I see that mainnet segwit addresses start with bc. Now for my question, what do testnet addresses start with, and is there any chance of the checksum validating an address on the wrong chain?
@_date: 2018-10-08 18:50:07
I had this issue too. Took me two days to figure out. Turns out my ISP had my IP address as a NAT public address and not a dynamic/static IP address. Check with them as this will cause your issue.
@_date: 2019-12-19 19:24:39
Exchanges, in order to fulfill regulatory AML requirements, are required to score any incoming UTXOs against chainalysis or similar service. These services require the exchange to attach a userID to each query so they can track the movements of funds between exchanges and across users (there are AML services that don't have this requirement so these exchanges are conscionable enough to not share your userID to enable further tracking). It seems here that Binance, in addition to scoring incoming UTXOs/addresses also AML the outgoing address, which means they likely report this to chainalysis (or their equivalent). Moreover, these services will track the node through which Wasabi broadcasts all transactions and they are likely aware of all wasabi concerned addresses. As you, sadly, selected an address with prior history - one of the biggest no-no's of any privacy concerned user (which is a contradiction when electing to use wasabi), you will be forced to answer for all other movements on these addresses if you wish to recover your funds. I guess the alternative is that chainalysis kept monitoring your address and reported back to Binance that your previous withdrawals have been used in relation to mixing services - either way, not an exchange you want to have continued business with. Wasabi wallet here adds a big red flag in the eyes of a compliance officer (these departments have a tendency to take on a life of their own within an organization).
Use [chainscore.info]( if you wish to pre-validate your addresses and see what type of output the exchange will be looking at in terms of AML scoring your addresses and transactions.
Good luck.
@_date: 2017-10-06 12:43:10
I for one would support the release of a build which has a built in (fallback) PoW change should the hashrate of bitcoin fall dramatically after 2X goes live (looking at you lukejr).
SegWit2X -&gt; meet UASF2.0
@_date: 2019-09-16 11:56:35
What about the breakdown between native and nested segwit in terms of the individual percentages?
@_date: 2019-09-17 11:44:24
Do you have any data with regards to what percentage of SW transactions are native SegWit and nested SegWit?
@_date: 2019-09-19 08:33:28
OP, consider using the following tool to see what score your coins had. It may be that they had a very low score. The report generated from here will be revealing and reflect the information BitStamps compliance department is looking at:
 [
@_date: 2017-05-22 20:36:00
Ok, so think I have it up and running correctly. How do I check? There is no mention of it running BIP 148, and the software is shown as being bitcoin core.
@_date: 2017-05-22 21:05:12
Here we go: /Satoshi:0.14.1/UASF-Segwit:0.3(BIP148)/
Thank you for all the help!
@_date: 2018-12-23 09:57:35
Does anyone have the breakdown between native segwit (bech32) vs nested segwit in terms of segwit usage?