@_author: zero22xx
@_date: 2019-11-20 07:00:59
Haha I guess I'm actually just venting. Bitcoin seems great for hodlers that got in early or for miners that can afford top notch equipment. I'm not either of those people, the reason I'm using it at all is because it makes earning cash online much easier, without having to worry about PayPal and exchange rates too much. But it seems more and more that for people like me that just want to use Bitcoin as an actual currency, Bitcoin fucking sucks balls. And it makes me seriously doubt that Bitcoin is any sort of fucking help for places like Venezuela.
From what I can see, unless the charges get sorted out (which afaik is usually largely miner fees), this whole thing is either going to come tumbling down or just turn into virtual casino chips for already rich people.
@_date: 2019-11-20 05:54:48
So... What wallets are the Venezuelans using? People go on like Bitcoin is the future and in cases like Venezuela they act like it's going to be the saviour of poor countries. At times I'm inclined to believe this. Then I have moments where I'm reminded of what a scam this whole thing seems to be.
Just tried to move 50 South African Rands worth of Bitcoin from my Luno wallet to elsewhere and it wants to charge me about R12. That's almost 25% charges. I'm not sure what world you guys are from but I'm fascinated to know, in which kind of universe is 25% charges acceptable and not considered robbery? I seriously don't see poor people from a poor country like Venezuela being happy with these seemingly random fucking charges that range anywhere from 1% to 25%.
So my question is. Is there an actual decent wallet that I'm missing out on or is this Venezuela stuff actually just a complete lie, propaganda by Bitcoin scammers (which sometimes feels like everyone)?
@_date: 2019-08-04 12:29:58
Years ago when I was just starting to read about cryptocurrency online, someone tipped me a whole coin of some currency for something that I did. I honestly hope that it wasn't BTC because I didn't take it very seriously at the time and the service this person used had an option to send it to a charity instead, which I did. I sure could use it now myself.
@_date: 2019-04-01 13:34:14
I hope that you don't mind me asking this, but what wallet would you recommend as far as software wallets go? I really don't have a lot of crypto built up at all, in fact I'm just starting out, so honestly I don't have much worth stealing, yet. But I'm thinking of the future.
At first I tried a wallet called 'Coinomi'. What attracted me to this wallet was that it's a multi crypto wallet, not just for BTC, and it's cross platform so I can use it on both my Android and PC. But the main attraction was it's security. Then I made my first ever Bitcoin transaction by transferring 10,000 Satoshi to a gambling website, just to have only 8,000 actually end up there. In other words, I was charged fucking 20% of my total amount just to make that one tiny transaction. And I don't care how nice your wallet is, if you charge me 20% transaction fees, you can go fuck yourself with a rusty carving knife.
So I ended up switching to Mycelium, which is evidently the most recommended wallet for Android. Even though it only handles BTC, that's fine, I can just use an online microwallet for any other crypto that I happen to get for now. But what concerns me about Mycelium is the it's lack of security. There is no fingerprint scanning, no 2FA, no long password, your choice is a 6 digit PIN code and that's it. To me that isn't enough. Especially considering the fact that I plan on eventually going all in with BTC.
What wallets would be recommended for Android users that want great security but think that 20% charges are fucking insanity that's just not worth it?
@_date: 2019-04-01 13:49:52
Thanks for the info, I really am still a noob. I just have to ask, if I sent a bunch at once, why would I want to use higher fees? With traditional banking, the goal is the lowest fees possible. According to a few quick web searches at the time, there are people that say that certain wallets *do* slap on charges, but maybe they are noobs like me.
@_date: 2019-04-01 13:51:04
Yeah, I thought as much. Right now I'm still just playing around with it but I think investing in a hardware wallet is probably a good idea if I plan on getting serious about it.