@_author: zeug_gezeugt
@_date: 2018-10-18 20:17:50
And you sound like an immature crypto fanboi, a tad vitriolic in your purely ad hom defence of whatever bags you're holding, or should that be HODLing? Will the 'institutional investor' HODL too?
But this is a bear's argument for what is most certainly a bear's market and there are plenty of reasons to doubt the constant 'moon' rhetoric, and plenty of reasons to acknowledge that the floor really is the limit at the end of this huge year long pump and dump.
A Tether run has already started, the premium is still over $300 USD, and it does appear that much of the 'mooning' over the last 12 months as well as the support at $6000 USD may actually largely be due to [unregulated Tether dumps to artificially inflate the BTC price]( 
I do seriously think that this idiotic retailers market needs to die along with Tether before anything good will come of decentralised public blockchain tech, and that it will take the coming decade for this tech to gradually develop its potential. 
No more BTC price driven by adolescent 'to the moon' and 'lambo' bullshit and ludicrous get rich quick schemes which are no different from a penny stock circus. I'm waiting for the real blockchain revolution, if it ever comes after this shit show. 
@_date: 2018-10-18 11:50:02
Bitfinex/Tether finally appears close to collapse and when it goes support for BTC across all the Tether exchanges will collapse with it followed by general contagion unless or until the whales and miners step in. Who knows where support really kicks in without ponzi manipulation in this criminal pump and dump industry - 3-5k USD? The floor's the limit!
But this crypto house sorely needs cleaning up before any real world investment and price growth, and even then it's all based on nothing but the promise of technological adoption over this coming decade 2020-30.
So, not so much a rise again and more an imminent collapse probably followed by a slow and painful stabilisation and recovery through 2019 tentatively supported by the fabled 'institutional investor' then followed by the gradual development of a brave new blockchain world of Web 3.0 unified by a global crypto currency with or without BTC over the next decade ... or not.
Whatever happens, it appears the millenials have finally had enough of donating their fiat to scammers, so this current market is not just dead but rotting from the head down.