@_author: zeyz
@_date: 2019-10-21 21:25:36
Not at all comparable situations my man.
Gun companies can, in certain situations, have some responsibility behind gun violence. One of the most damning I’ve seen is advertisements for ARs that portray them as “killing machines” and other faux badass terminology. Just a bad look, and if a mentally ill person is swayed by that to kill people then I can see the justification for a civil suit over it.
This situation is more like going after VISA because someone bought a gun with their debit card then killed people.
@_date: 2019-10-21 22:11:58
Interesting stuff man, I skimmed through The Hill article and I’ll read the Beto thing in a bit. Beto really does strike me as such a pandering drama-focused person. It’s wild how much he blows stuff out of proportion and a lot of times it feels so insincere to me. Like he’s just trying to ham it up for any votes he can get. I roll my eyes so hard every time his ass starts speaking in Spanish in a speech or at a debate.
@_date: 2019-10-21 21:21:56
Can you show me some quotes from people running for office that are blaming financial institutions for gun violence? Haven’t seen that before. Kind of seems like an InfoWars level exaggeration meant to make hardcore 2A supporters mad, but I’d be happy (well, more like terrified lol) to be proven wrong.
@_date: 2017-11-26 06:40:57
The way I always see it is that VERY few of those early buyers actually held onto their coins long enough to make a ton of money off of it. Those that are still holding today are few and far between, and I doubt I would have had the willpower to not sell at some point between now and then. It’s human nature. Hell I’ve bought and sold like twenty times just in the past year because I keep thinking “no way it goes higher than this” lol.  But who the hell knows at this point, I may just toss a few hundred dollars in and force myself to ignore it for a few years and hope I’m richer for it.
@_date: 2019-01-29 09:56:48
I disagree, because for anyone not breaking Blizzard’s ToS there is no monetary value of WoW gold. You have to use third party websites and risk being banned in order to sell gold for cash. I’d say if you have to break terms of service to apply a “real currency value” to it, then there isn’t an inherent value for all players. It becomes valued once you do sell it but that’s no different than anything else you profit off of, in that it “should” be taxed. But that applies to selling anything.