@_author: zhaey
@_date: 2017-12-19 18:13:12
Cold storage (if you're not moving it much), hardware wallets, desktop client.
@_date: 2016-09-02 19:22:17
I mean, yeah. I'm pretty happy sales tax is a thing.
@_date: 2016-09-02 19:37:23
I enjoy the benefits of living in a democratic state that uses tax money to provide services and utilities to it's citizens that would be hard to get otherwise because of coordination problems. More importantly, I'm happy people who need those benefits more than I do have access to them.


That would be silly. I'm glad to pay taxes because the benefits I mentioned earlier are made possible by those taxes. Giving you money would provide none of the benefits, but I would still lose money.
@_date: 2016-09-02 23:02:05
I'm aware libertarians oppose (forced) taxation[/anything] in principle, regardless of what it's spent on. I do not share that principle. The reason I support taxation, given that I don't oppose it in principle, are the benefits I think we get from a state having access to the money. The commenter I was replying to didn't seem to acknowledge that these benefits existed, which is why I brought it up.


I would hope so ;). I wasn't trying to argue against libertarianism here, but against the negative comment about refugees by the person I replied to.


I doubt it, and I expect there would have been some coordination problems and not-in-my-backyard thinking, but I can't say I've given this particular issue much thought.


I actually think a state (as in non-libertarian state) is in a good position to effectively carry out these kinds of operations, because there's money beforehand (no money needs to be raised immediately, so getting started on a solution will be easier/quicker) and the consensus-issue is easier to deal with. Obviously the latter has its drawbacks, in that most people will not be able to directly have a say in the matter, but it's quite efficient, since it comes down to having a bunch of people whose job it is to make these decisions vote on a proposal. Once the vote's happened, the plan is carried out. In a more libertarian society, a lot more coordination with individual citizens would be necessary, which would take more time and I imagine would often not work out.
@_date: 2016-09-02 20:32:25


If under your definition of slavery paying taxes makes you a slave, then yes, I'm happy to be a slave.


I live in the Netherlands. A country seen as pretty liberal/progressive (which I guess you think makes it more statist).


I'm not opposed to spending government resources on giving Syrian refugees the ability to live normal lives. That said, I think the number of refugees is too high for it to be possible to solve the problem through providing asylum alone. If you think a more libertarian approach would lead to better results I'd be very interested in your argument.
@_date: 2016-09-02 21:01:35
I'm young and moderately politically active, mostly in the areas of (online) privacy, animal rights and environmental issues. These are issues I think the government isn't dealing with properly, but to say the entire concept of government is a failure because I'm unhappy about some of the policies they set doesn't make sense to me. There's a lot of things government does right, and I value those things more than I am bothered by the aspects I object to.