@_author: zhalox
@_date: 2015-12-14 20:54:34
As a Bitcoin miner &amp; trader since early 2011, I have loved it and still do for various things, but unfortunately Bitcoin is already legacy (e.g., Netscape Navigator).  If you want true next-gen Bitcoin 2.0 cryptocurrency / digital cash, Monero is the new kid on the block (e.g., Google Chrome alpha/beta).  Monero / XMR isn't a fork of Bitcoin but rather rewritten from the ground upwards, is fungible, untraceable, anonymous, &amp; scalable (and they fixed the block size problem too), and some Bitcoin devs are updating Monero's code which gives it credibility, as well as multiple Ph.D. cryptographers.  I've converted my BTC funds to XMR and don't plan on going back to legacy for the time being (only when necessary via services like   The free market shall decide.
@_date: 2015-12-27 13:54:56
Coinbase is NOT a way to buy anonymously, they require ID &amp; personal info (address, SSN, etc.) for KYC/AML compliance.
@_date: 2015-12-14 21:25:19
Monero isn't dead, v0.9 is coming out, just look at all the dev commits on github from the few days/weeks: 
Also, don't forget Shen Noether's new RingCT whitepaper which will make Monero better than Zerocash:
Also, the Ethereum project's ICO burned like $18 million USD, and is supposed to run out of funds by next summer due to poor management from what I've heard.  I'm not really a fan of it, at least not right now, sorry.  I also heard that Vitalik's math &amp; documentation skills are lacking for the necessary peer reviews...
@_date: 2015-12-15 06:40:46
People laughed at Bitcoin back in 2010.  As I said, the free market shall decide.
@_date: 2015-12-16 04:41:35
I will address your questions below:
1) Currently Monero is fluctuating but as of December 15, 2015 is valued at about 50 cents USD each and appears to be oversold &amp; undervalued in my opinion.
2) There is no particular price at which I would begin considering myself a "winner" since I consider my average buy price private in this setting.  However, if Monero goes from 50 cents to about $50.00 USD then I would definitely consider myself a winner on this trade/investment, but depending on the circumstance I would still be analyzing the market as always to stay ahead of the game in my decision whether or not to take profits at that point.  Nevertheless, the fundamentals, development, &amp; market acceptance will ultimately determine whether or not I am a winner (i.e., if Bitcoin goes to $50,000 each and Monero is worth $500 or even eventually overtakes Bitcoin then that's cool too, and is a "bi-winning" scenario for both Monero &amp; Bitcoin "hodlers" lol).
3) Not sure if I will "give up" on Monero based on its price since good things can be undervalued for a long time before being recognized by the market (i.e., I plan to continue buying even if it drops).  Instead my decision to give would rather be based on whether or not Monero develops and gains traction &amp; market acceptance.  If the Monero project is abandoned by the developers and community then yes, I would probably be more likely to give up on it, but at this point it is very much alive, growing, and exciting things are happening for those following it closely.
Hopefully this answers your questions.
@_date: 2015-12-25 05:11:19
Rand Paul or none at all.
@_date: 2015-12-02 02:44:54


@_date: 2015-12-25 06:44:43
As a Bitcoin early adopter since early 2011, Bitcoin/BTC is great and I regularly buy (and hodl some), but it isn't private, untraceable, and scalable by default, so I prefer to buy/hodl Monero/XMR instead :)
Just my 2 satoshis.
BTC=Netscape Navigator, XMR=Google Chrome beta.
@_date: 2015-12-15 06:19:26
Actually there are already at least 2 GUIs on Windows, and at least one update is coming: 
Also, XMR is not "mined only by botnets" rofl
@_date: 2016-07-07 05:14:06
I read the article you mentioned, and yes - Monero certainly has its work cut out for it, but I believe users &amp; merchants will soon flock to it because of its desirable features of privacy &amp; fungibility.  I already mentioned that I still like Bitcoin and obviously still use it too, but I believe that the ring signatures and privacy innovation in Monero is more desirable and has a very large market which is largely still unknown and thus undiscovered by it.  It is not possible to achieve Monero's level of privacy with Bitcoin and I do not predict this to be possible any time soon.  However, in Monero, this level of privacy &amp; fungibility is already here and soon our community will have our long-awaited official GUI wallet which will only accelerate the speed of the user &amp; merchant adoption which has already begun.
I used to be a hard-line Bitcoiner and rejected long-term investments in altcoins for a long time until I really studied Monero.  Then after reading the Monero Research Lab whitepapers (see  &amp; studying the protocol I realized I was looking at the future of cryptocurrency, and it was like I had discovered Bitcoin all over again in early 2011.  I don't disagree that Core is doing a great job, but I believe that Monero is another innovative &amp; mind-boggling project too, but with greater potential to solve Bitcoin's current problems and provide a useful future for those of us who value our privacy.
@_date: 2016-07-06 23:38:08
Read that presentation yet?  Monero is running back to new highs today, especially with this news after Engadget realized that Bitcoin isn't actually anonymous: 
@_date: 2016-07-07 03:55:10
I think what you fail to understand is that Monero is a hedge against Bitcoin (and pretty much the entire financial system too) if it were to suffer an attack or compromise of some kind.
I invest in Monero because it provides complete financial privacy on a separate, independent, &amp; untethered opaque blockchain which is not tied to Bitcoin.  It uses a separate cryptographic curve &amp; hashing alogrithm (and is therefore independent of Bitcoin's risks in these areas), and has a fundamentally different code base than Bitcoin (not a BTC clone/fork like other sh*tcoins as you say).
You must also realize that you too of course are also invested (both psychologically &amp; financially) in not coming to terms with these truths either.  I disagree that tying Monero down to Bitcoin as a sidechain benefits me if I want to preserve my full anonymity &amp; privacy.  Monero as its own currency will do what it does best all by itself, and not by being tied down to Bitcoin's blockchain as a sidechain.  I use Monero so that I can preserve my full privacy &amp; anonymity without being required to touch Bitcoin's blockchain in any way (even via a sidechain) and thus be tainted by its lack of fungibility and lack of independence.  When Monero eventually integrates I2P and adds Ring Confidential Transactions by hiding transaction amounts, it will be even further beyond Bitcoin's innovation, and with Bitcoin's sluggishness/standstill I will gladly keep the bulk of my funds in the young cryptocurrency embryo Monero instead of Bitcoin (I still like Bitcoin, I just think Monero has potential to be much, much better and more useful).  The roadmap will take years, but the future is bright.
Monero is quite young, like Bitcoin in 2010, but I am adopting it early, like I did Bitcoin in early 2011, except this time, I was fortunate to have discovered it earlier in its young life.  I do not deny that the Grandpa Bitcoin will continue to grow but I believe that 2nd generation, still-embryo Monero will grow much further and has the potential to become much greater in the long run.  Thank you and good night.
@_date: 2016-07-07 22:17:29
Thanks and good luck to you too.  This has been an enlightening discussion.
@_date: 2016-07-06 14:15:47
I agree that most altcoins are scams/pumps/worthless and bring no new significant value/innovation; however, I would highly recommend taking the time to research the importance of fungibility on the blockchain.  Bitcoin is increasingly lacking in fungibility which is a critical component of any currency.  Bitcoin's lack of fungibility will only increase which is going to become more and more of a problem.  I would highly recommend putting aside any biases or personal resentments and simply examine the fundamentals.  A well-done technical review of the issues can be found here: 
In this analysis, the author tactfully compares fungibility in Bitcoin, DASH, Monero, Zerocash, etc. and presents some fascinating observations.  Additionally, Monero has a variable/dynamic block size which presents a solution to the block size issues Bitcoin has been experiencing for quite some time now.  In years to come, you might have some very strong regrets about not investigating Monero when it was still under $5.00 USD.
@_date: 2016-07-06 13:15:48
Wow that is an old quotation post of mine :)  Apparently I am famous now lol.
I made my first fortune in Bitcoin/BTC, my second fortune will be made in Monero/XMR :)
I recommend looking into Bitcoin's fungibility issues - eventually people will come to realize that currency competition can change people's futures as it did mine.  I love BTC and use it all the time, but I think the growing surveillance &amp; tyranny of the state will cause an influx of funds into Monero (XMR) - learn more at 