@_author: zhangweiwu
@_date: 2014-04-13 00:04:14
I (author) called the article in for half a day to re-edit it, because many seems to misunderstand and thinking it accidentally revealed what Chinese doesn't want to, while in fact I wrote the article in English. There is no Chinese edition, I wrote it for English readership. I intend to directly communicate with English audience. It is contains observational humor.
Readers are expected to find the subtleness in conversation. In English, if you talk Google, you think it central. If you talk alibaba, you think it yet-another-Chinese company, when alibaba is bigger than two of its competitor, ebay and amazone, combined. If you talk Federal Reserve, you think it central; PBOC is the wealthiest organization the world even seen, and you just blame it for 'spreading rumours' for bitcoin - most people never heard of PBOC before they 'spread rumours' about bitcoin. Hubris? The way to let you recognize it being hubris, is to let you hear a Chinese converstation, where we win the hubris competition again. That's my intention. Unfortunately some comments were directed to the people and business mentioned there, so I had to rework the article to point reader to the right places, and this caused half day of 404-error. We learned it and will communicate better.
I wrote it to provoke thinking. The Chinese discussion "don't read western news they serve only to disrupte the market price" is just a mirror of "don't give shit to Chinese announcements any more haven't we been fucked by China enough?" (Yes it is true the Chinese discussions do not contain the word 'fuck') It was the same hubris: not trying to understand but just want to get rid of things looking bad, marginalization. Kill the Jews, burn the Witches, send Arabics to the sea, problem solved. The western's anger "everthing was fine until Chinese bad news" is the same as Chinese anger "everything was fine until a western news kicks in". 
P.S. I used Google case, but is a bit complicated. Google is a leader, its failure in China attributes to government scrutiny. Chinese had doubted our Government's intention, and after Snowden saga, they turn to praise our government for the right decision to overthrow Google, the last standing major western Internet business, and be content that they wiped the West out of Internet sector. Today if you talk Google as an example of Internet success story, Chinese laugh at our face with the same hubris you laugh their imitations.
@_date: 2014-04-17 03:57:42
The authority can kill anything. Usually it is the matter of whether or not worth the effort to fight something so small as bitcoin. 'harmony' means allow poor competitors to live. I think I'll have to write another article about the levels of action our authority reacts to threats. The suppression method depends on the size of the threat. While in the West there are only so many a government can do, we have lots. Also forcing bitcoin into black market meant to keep it small, not meant to keep it managable - there was never a goal/intention to manage bitcoin and it is too paltry to spend PBOC resource to manage stamp-collection activity like Bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-04-13 12:51:43
"if Chinese think they are so capable, why there is no Chinese bitcoin core developers" is partial. If Chinese really think they are so capable, you can bet that they won't /join/ bitcoin core development - it is outside of China and thus the world. Hubris? Think of people who shouts to shun China from bitcoin world. Which world you are talking about? "World"? "El Mundo"? "ShiJie"? I mentioned in the article that Chinese don't join bitcoin fundation and instead started their bit foundation.
There is no shame in imitation, there is shame in smallness. ebay, instead of being proud that Chinese imitate their business model, should feel shame of their smallish business revenue, less than half of its Chinese competitor. With all successive supply of western arrogance, are you sure we are more arrogant? Are you so arrogant to feel anger when seeing other people dare to be arrogant too? Addressing Chinese being nationalism is correct as long as it is expressed in English; in Chinese it is better called antiforeign, because there is no nationalism if our nation is the world.
@_date: 2014-04-29 10:00:23
Author here. Thank you my dear editor for putting my name into description of every article. My articles doesn't have a tag, though, but recently most English articles on bitcoinblog.de are by me.
@_date: 2014-04-13 00:57:40
A trivil topic, but if you search for just "bitcoin" in Chinese you get fewer results than if you search "fuck" and "bitcoin". Google thinks by adding the word "fuck" you want to expand your interest instead of trying to scale down the search. If you spend some time on Chinese Bitcoin forums, it indeed contain much less "fuck" than bitcointalk.org, but not less hubris, and hubris is the theme of the article.