@_author: zhz000
@_date: 2017-08-02 17:14:05
I researched this a few weeks ago, and came across Regal Assets and Broad Financial. They returned calls and they seem legit in the Bitcoin sphere, but I have not committed anything to them, so can not vouch for efficacy, but they do seem to have good online rep.
@_date: 2017-08-12 14:41:36
As I recall, doing a wire transfer from the bank "whitelists" that bank, as being verified, and will raise your limit for future direct from the control panel electronic (ACH) from that bank. The wire transfer fee will cost you, but will prevent limit headaches. 
Wire transfer limits are also bigger than direct bank transfer. The reason, I think, why this opens up your limits is the process of going through a wire "proves
and validates you to the account," and that proof is done by the bank itself.
@_date: 2017-08-02 02:57:37
Sorry. Open a criminal complaint with the FBI immediately, so it may be possible to examine logs at Kraken. There is a chance international authorities are already in on this ring. Filing your claim will help you later, maybe years later.
Change Yahoo's email from online password entry to smartphone authenticator login (this is part of yahoo's smart phone app for email). NEVER enable phone SMS
2FA. Coinbase executives were hacked by a phone number port hijack.
Google Authenticator App, an extremely clever device gets a seed from your exchange, and hashes it with the correct UTC time  kept by both the exchange's server and your phone through NTP or GPS, and from that produces a code that changes every 30s on both the device and the exchange server without any communication (cell or wifi) whatsoever. Always print out the seed/barcode the the exchange displays to your phone 's camera, download the barcode HTML file, encrypt the file and store it in the cloud. Because if your phone is lost or wiped, you can load a fresh Google Authenticator on another phone, and input the seed from the printout you made. That new phone and the all your GA2FA will be automatically synced by inputting that seed.
This hacker must have been tracking you for a while, so you were compromised before the exchange, possibly keylogger, other malware.
The best security practice is paranoia.
The worst security practice is "this would never happen to me." 
Because it could happen to any of us, despite every good
security practice. All of us that have not been hacked are simply lucky.
@_date: 2017-07-29 00:22:54
This is brilliant! 
Excellent metaphors, good pacing, clear characters.... 
Write "Bitcoin for Boobs," and don't worry trading this stuff! :)