@_author: ziddletwix
@_date: 2018-01-25 19:32:58
I don't even surf and yet I would love you to find me a major thread where people are suggesting in bonds that pay less than inflation. I highly doubt it.
@_date: 2015-12-18 06:48:47
 Being worth $0.00 is not the same as not existing...
Something that doesn't exist doesn't have a price. Something that is worth $0.00 is just free. Could you buy a litecoin for $0.00 back in 2011?
@_date: 2018-05-28 18:50:04
About [$24,000 a year]( The price of a Bloomberg terminal is widely available, and open to all. It's hilarious that people find this shady, the entire business model of Bloomberg is premised on the idea that they do research and collect data, and paying customers have access to it. Like, the tagline for every single one of their articles explains this ("Before it's here, it's on the terminal"). And there's not even a coherent reason why this is a problem. Bloomberg does research, people act on the results. People are allowed to find information and sell it, no idea where people got the idea this is illegal.
@_date: 2014-02-28 20:05:01
I admit I assumed it wasn't a literal quote. That's pretty damn funny.
@_date: 2014-02-28 19:46:42
If that was a comment why wouldn't you just link to it?
@_date: 2017-02-12 04:49:58
Honest question, what does military have to do with prenups?
@_date: 2017-08-07 22:39:35
What? The Dot Com craze *was* a bubble. Yes, "internet companies" would eventually prove to be the way of the future. But that doesn't justify the valuation of *the actual companies in the bubble*. You can look up any number of companies with no real business plan who achieved absurd valuations in the craze of investors trying to get in on fledging internet companies. By every definition of a bubble, that was it. There was no real value underlying those companies.
The distinction is the fact that there was a Dot Com bubble that burst does *not* mean that there was anything wrong with the overall goal of internet companies. Those would indeed prove to be a crucial part of the future. But that doesn't mean that the actual companies themselves caught up in that bubble weren't total bunk. Hell, even the companies that are valuable today that were in that bubble, doesn't disprove the fact that it was a bubble. Amazon is a fundamentally different company now than it was in 2000.
If I had tried to start Netflix (the streaming services version) in the 90s, and I had gone bust, would you say that my company was actually fundamentally valuable because that business model would prove to be a defining part of the 2010s? Even if Netflix had already known its current business model in the 90s, that doesn't mean that it would have been worth anything at the time (in fact, it would have been a pretty worthless company, because they would have had no customers who could regularly use their service in the way its intended). Sure, you could look to 20 years later and see how valuable that idea would become, but that doesn't excuse what happened at the time. Some of the "better" dot com bubble companies were like that. They had prescient ideas, but the formulation wasn't there, and they were total busts. Think Kozmo.com. Basically a catch all online delivery service. Clearly, this is the way the world was heading, but that doesn't justify their current valuation at the time. There just wasn't sufficient infrastructure to make this sort of model profitable. This sort of company is a big thing today, and even *now* they're struggling to be profitable, and are mostly just getting positioned for the time when they know this will be the future. Being 20 years early does not mean your valuation was correct. Years later, ideas like that would resurface, but it would take years of the market changing for it to be ready. 
And that's the *best* of the Dot Com bubble companies. Many of them did *not* have prescient ideas, but were almost entirely frauds, still valued like real companies. Think of Beenz.com. It was a weird site where you bought virtual currency, and that could be redeemed at various retailers. But don't be fooled by "virtual currency" and get excited, there was little actual benefit to this approach. It was basically just a marketing gimmick. But it was valued like a real internet payments company, until the bubble (correctly) burst.
@_date: 2019-04-03 19:51:33
I cannot imagine a bar being low enough to make John McAfee's continued predictions on this be proven correct by a small spike over the past 48 hours.
@_date: 2018-12-05 18:34:35
Got it. But does the mining "power" the network *at all*? I.e. I get that the difficulty is artificially inflated. But is there some raw baseline of "work that needs to be done"? Or is that done entirely by just individual computers running the network, and the mining is *entirely* artificial difficulty? (Or is the minimum amount of mining that needs to be done so low that most of the difficulty is artificial?
@_date: 2018-12-05 18:19:32
Bitcoin outside observer here. Can someone point me to a proper, detailed writeup of the effects of Bitcoin becoming "too expensive to mine"? (If the price becomes quite low).
To be clear, I understand that there is some connection between the difficulty of mining, and the amount of mining power available. So I believe that as the price drops, inefficient miners turn off their machine, thus making the job more profitable for those that remain, which helps to balance it.
But I don't think that mining is strictly based on "proportion of work done", right? Isn't there some raw amount of mining that has to be done? In fact, I saw headlines about the scheduled "drops in difficulty" that happen every once and a while (indicating that mining difficulty isn't just about work relative to other miners). Presumably, there is some amount of mining that has to be done for the network to work properly, right? 
If say the price dropped way down to $1000, what would happen to the miners? Would suddenly almost all mining become unprofitable, or would there be some sort of equilibrium?
I'm just an observer who has followed bitcoin with no real stake either way, but this is one technical issue I've never had explained to me. I know that when fewer people mine, it becomes more profitable to others, but I don't think that all mining difficulty is relative, and I assume there has to eb some point where it's basically unprofitable for *any* mining to occur? Or is that not the case. (I understand we're not close to that, I'm just using it as an example to understand the mining economy).
@_date: 2013-04-03 22:08:12
If you bought 10$ of bitcoins, the 10$ would go to the previous owner of those bitcoins. You would just be purchasing them in circulation, not from some central bitcoin bank or anything. Now this brings up the obvious question, how are they then added to the economy? And the answer to that is more complex, but basically new bitcoins are gradually "found" by powerful computers or groups of computers performing operations. They are slowly added to the economy at a fixed rate, and then the price comes from people trading them.
Bitcoins being "worth" 10$ simply means that someone is willing to buy them for 10$. They have no intrinsic value. For comparison, think of the US dollar. The bill you have in your wallet has no intrinsic value, it's just a piece of paper. It gains its worth because you know there will always be people willing to exchange real things for that dollar. And in the case of the dollar, you can be absolutely certain that dollar will still be worth something 10 years from now. The US economy is quite stable, there is basically no chance the US dollar will suddenly be worthless. Bitcoins are a bit less clear. In the long term, they are only worth something as long as people are willing to exchange real material goods for them. Right now, most of their worth derives from people believing that in the future they will later be exchangeable. I know that you can exchange for some goods and services now, but not enough to warrant the current price. Right now, people buy bitcoins because they believe that in the future they will be worth something. As to why people think they will be worth something is again more complicated, but those people believe there is are various benefits to such a currency, such as it being very hard to track, free from government intervention and whatnot. If bitcoins are worth something in the future, it is a safe bet that those who invest early will make a killing, because the rate at which bitcoiins are being added to circulation is slowing down substantially, so if bitcoins become a popular currency in the future, demand will far outstrip supply and the price will shoot up (in fact, the number of bitcoins that can ever exist is itself limited, so this is a pretty safe bet). What is not a safe bet, is whether they will ever have any real worth, because people can only speculate for so long. At this point, bitcoins can not exchange themselves for enough real goods to justify their price. 
This is very much a summary from someone who is not an expert on bitcoins, but that is the basic concept behind them. They are a online form of currency, that people buy because they think will be worth something. They have value from people's estimation of their value, there is not a central bitcoin creator that sells them and sets their value.