@_author: ziggypenner
@_date: 2017-05-25 16:55:44
You're absolutely correct, I combined the medium of exchange and unit of account into "facilitate trade".
@_date: 2017-05-25 20:21:26
Yes, you are correct. It's the purses that are anonymous. If you have the information to access, you can. If no one else knows you have the information they can't determine that you are the owner. It is possible to figure out which purse has which bitcoins, however.
@_date: 2017-05-25 14:47:38
These bitcoin price spikes are an unavoidable consequence of its design. We are watching what in a normal economy would be considered a deflationary spike.
Currencies have 3 purposes:
1. Act as a medium of exchange
2. Act as a store of value
3. Act as the unit of account
The first two are relevant to this discussion.
These two purposes work together and against one another depending on the situation.
Due to Bitcoin's underlying design limiting the amount of total currency, it very strongly fulfills the second purpose. It's utility as a medium of exchange is also undeniable, particularly for anonymous transaction, fulfilling the first purpose.
These deflationary spikes represent the push and pull of the two purposes.
Because of the limited number of bitcoins, whenever there is deflation (rising bitcoin price) it gives a very strong incentive for existing holders to stop trading them and hold. Prices steadily rise and then spike as fewer people are willing to trade them. However, if no one is trading them, their utility as a means of exchange drops accordingly.
The deflationary spike ends when so few people are trading bitcoins on the market that it is no longer a usable currency. Demand for the currency drops accordingly. Falling demand causes the value to begin dropping. Now the currency no longer fulfills either of its purposes. Those holding panic and begin selling. The currency price crashes accordingly.
As the price drops the currency slowly begins being useful  for trade again, as lots are available. The price crash slows as the trade utility increases demand once again, putting a floor under the drop.
Once stabilized the currency begins fulfilling both duties very well. The underlying deflationary nature of the currency then takes hold once again, restarting a slowly rising currency price. Restarting the cycle.
Edit: Made currency purposes more accurate: Thanks @_date: 2017-05-25 21:14:25
People are already mostly holding right now. If there was good data it would be interesting to see the number of trades of bitcoins for real world goods and services. I suspect at the moment it is probably very low. Why spend your bitcoins when they're rapidly rising in value?
Also, you don't know how high this spike is going to go, or how far down it will fall after. The long run trend is still of a steadily rising currency due to restricted supply and increased popularity. This spike could go to $10,000 and then crash to $5,000, or it could peak today and promptly crash to $1000.
You just don't know. If another cryptocurrency turns out to be a better model and people begin switching to it instead bitcoin could fall an awfully long way. Currently it's by far the best known, so that's a less likely outcome, but it can't be ruled out.
@_date: 2017-05-25 21:42:55
You could absolutely design a more stable system than the current cryptocurrencies.
First, remove the limit on the number of coins generated. For each block calculated keep the coin reward the same. Second, tie the size of the block to the number of transactions made. This way the more transactions are made in with the currency, the more currency is made available (this may or may not need to be combined with a small fee for transactions to prevent deliberate creation of more supply through repetitive transactions).
Both of these suggestions would at least reduce the chance of these deflationary spikes and make the resulting currency more stable. If you want to avoid further issues make sure people avoid taking out debts denominated in the currency as well (that creates another huge set of problems).
@_date: 2017-05-25 20:58:54
You've made the next jump which actually gets to the heart of why bitcoin is problematic as a currency.
With fiat currencies, central banks prefer to avoid deflation for a very precise reason, it restricts trade. If bitcoin was a nation's currency, the whole economy would grind to a halt during these deflationary spikes. The amount of currency available to trade falls drastically during these events. Very little trade is done, which is part of the reason the spike eventually ends. A nation exclusively using bitcoin would be in an economic crisis right now.
It also creates severe problems with debt. It is almost always a terrible idea to take out a loan denominated in a currency that is limited in amount. You will often be trying to pay back debts with money that is worth far more than what you borrowed. Imagine taking out a loan of 10 BTC five years ago and trying to pay it back today. Even with no interest you would have acquired an  large debt for a very small initial loan.
As for fiat currencies, they're a little more complicated because debt and interest significantly influence currency supply. Leaving aside those effects, fiat currencies are controlled by a central bank who's main goal is to maximize economic output while maintaining stability. They like to avoid a deflating currency because it results in very similar deflationary spikes if left to it's own devices. They also like to avoid very high inflation as it causes another set of difficult problems (stagflation being the end result in most modern economies, though hyperinflation is not unheard of).
They have concluded currently that increasing the amount of currency available such that inflation remains approximately 2% minimizes the likelihood of either deflationary spikes or stagflation. They use debt and interest rates to control the rate of money growth, and thus inflation.
They are far from infallible though. Miscalculate and control inflation too tightly and you can get a deflationary spike. Control inflation insufficiently and you can run into stagflation or hyperinflation very easily. This is all made worse by the fact that the tools they use work pretty slowly, so a rapid change in the real economy can outrun their ability to respond to it.
As an aside, I suspect that the larger the debt burden of the economy, the harder it is to maintain this balance, but that's an entirely separate argument.
Edit: Grammar
@_date: 2017-05-25 21:06:15
That might very well work, though it will depend on the individual design of the cryptocurrencies. If they all follow bitcoin's base model of steadily restricted supply they will follow the same patterns so long as they achieve a modest sized market.
My best guess is that they will all move in tandem. Deflationary spikes will spill over from one currency to the next. If one currency is difficult to acquire due to a spike, the market will pile into the other most available ones, resulting in a spike there. Even if initially they are in different patterns they should steadily synchronize due to this.