@_author: zimm0who0net
@_date: 2018-05-21 00:10:19
Not necessarily just botnets.  People have found mining code in things as simple as ads served on web pages.  
That said, I get your point.  If you had access to a massive network of free CPU/GPU cycles, you're not going to waste them on bitcoin when your return can be so much greater on a different coin.
@_date: 2018-05-21 16:43:25
That’s not really how it works. With the exception of things like transmission losses, there’s not “wasted energy”. Every kWh of energy produced is consumed somewhere. Power companies adapt to demand changes by turning on and off generating sources. This is done through a fairly complex set of arbitrage exchanges and processes. Things like hydro and nuclear basically operate all the time because their energy is nearly free (once the plant is built) and in the example of nuclear, they take a very long time to wind up and spin down. At the other end of the spectrum is natural gas, which can be wound up and spun down at a moments notice. 
I could go on. Read Danny Yergin’s books and articles (The Prize is fantastic) for a better understanding. Long story short is that the power produced by hydro would certainly be consumed somewhere else if not by miners, and by miners consuming it there’s a natural gas plant that likely wouldn’t normally be running to satisfy the other demand. 
@_date: 2018-05-21 23:39:30
Seriously, if you’re at all interested in this stuff, read “The Prize” by Yergin. It’s fascinating. “The Quest” is the follow up which is also amazing. 
@_date: 2018-05-20 23:46:40
Is this all necessary?  Couldn't we just agree to turn off new bitcoin creation?  There's still incentive built into the system for validating the blockchain, but I'd imagine that's insanely less energy consuming than the current mining operations.
I'm sure I'm missing something here, but I don't see that growing the number of bitcoin in circulation is inherently necessary.
@_date: 2018-05-20 23:42:21
I'm curious if anyone has a rough idea as to how much mining is done with state of the art miners vs people who surreptitiously steal CPU cycles from huge numbers of clients.  The state of the art miners are likely very efficient in terms of Wh/hash, the CPU stealing is almost certainly terrible.
@_date: 2018-05-21 00:29:31
Yeah, I guess with proof-of-work there's really zero incentive for the mining community to agree to turn off mining.  
@_date: 2014-03-04 19:06:59
And one you can remember.  And one that your heirs can remember after you're horribly mutilated in a helicopter-elephant collision.
@_date: 2018-05-21 14:20:26


This is not very fair.  If the miners were not there, it's not like that energy would just get sunk into the ground.  It would flow into the grid and offset other (far more dirty) sources of energy.  In general hydro, geo, and nuclear operate at the bottom of the energy pyramid, always running because they don't vary output easily.  Coal is next on the pyramid because it takes a long time to turn on and off a coal plant.  Nat gas is at the top because those can be turned on and off very quickly.  So if you setup a mining operation next to a hydro plant, the actual electrons used will be from a green source, but if the miner were not there, those electrons would flow into the normal grid and offset a gas or coal plant that wouldn't have to fire.
@_date: 2014-03-03 17:24:22
It doesn't have to be technical unless the critique is technology based.  His critique is that it's simply too volatile and generally traded as a proxy for fiat currencies.  You don't need to understand what a blockchain is to make that criticism.  
@_date: 2014-03-04 17:49:52
I keep seeing people saying this, but the problem is, quite simply, I don't trust myself.
I don't keep mounds of cash stored in my mattress for exactly the same reason.  I'm worried about someone stealing it, or my house burning down and it disappears.  That's why I (and most people) keep their money in a trusted bank.  Unfortunately, there simply are no trusted banks for bitcoin right now.  It's not the *fault* of bitcoin, but it's a *problem* with bitcoin (which hopefully will be solved over time).
Keeping it on my hard drive leaves me open to it being stolen physically (i.e. burgler takes my computer), or lost (e.g. hard drive crash or fire in my house).  Sure, I can make backups, but now I've really got to monitor those backups because they've got the means to clean me out on them.  I can't just take a hard drive and store it in the back room.  Someone might find that and steal my coins.  The hard drive WILL fail over time.  Flash drives WILL fail over time.  It might also be victim to a theft or a fire.  An online backup leaves me just as vulnerable as leaving my wallet in one of these e-wallet companies.  About the only thing I can think of as secure is printing out a hard copy and leaving it in a safe deposit box, and destroying all other copies.  Of course, then it's very difficult to use. 
And let's not forget the idea of getting a virus that targets my wallet.  I'm very careful about securing my computer, but I've been the victim of a virus at least twice in my lifetime.  On both occasions I was able to clean it out within a matter of hours, but it would only take a carefully crafted virus milliseconds to steal any bitcoins on my computer.  
@_date: 2014-03-04 18:49:52
I read up on Trezor after posting.  It does seem quite clever, and if it works correctly (and people keep the recovery key in a secure location like a safe deposit box, and not just in their desk drawer) it does appear to fix most of the problems I surfaced.  My first concern would be trusting so much value to a device and software stack.  They've made it open source, so that should at least allow people to find vulnerabilities that the company can address, but it would still make me nervous...
@_date: 2014-03-03 17:47:33
Startups are stupid sometimes.  Heck, large companies can be stupid sometimes.  Just last month I went into a startup we were thinking of investing in.  Even though they had taken in over $11M in investment, had over 20 employees, and had been around for 3 years, they had no bookkeeper.  There was no real list of accounts receivable or payable.  When bills came in, someone would write checks from the main account.  They had no idea if the amounts were correct or what their outstanding liability was.  Contracts were signed with vendors and ended up stuffed in a drawer in someone's office and forgotten.  In other words it was simply impossible to get a real understanding of the value of the organization.
And what's shocking is that this is *the norm*.  Thirty years ago, no business got started without hiring a lawyer and a book keeper.  Now, virtually no business gets started that does either of those things.  It's really scary if you think about it.
@_date: 2014-03-04 18:00:14


What's a hardware wallet?  Can it be physically stolen?  Is it fireproof?  If I have a flood, will it survive?  Is it susceptible to static electricity?  Can it be corrupted by lightning strikes or power surges?  Is it susceptible to [bit rot](  
If the answer to any of these is no, then it's not a full solution.
@_date: 2014-03-04 18:25:23
But then there are lots of copies in different locations.  Wouldn't that necessarily mean that there would be lots of opportunities to steal one of those copies?
@_date: 2014-03-04 03:17:41
That's pretty much his point.  Right now it's just to volatile to be a real store of value.  That doesn't mean things won't change in the future.  Just that right now it's not a real currency because it doesn't provide a reasonable store of value.  
I think a proxy here would be asking the question, "Would you advise your parents to put their entire life savings (or at least a substantial portion of it) into bitcoin". Until the answer is yes, it's not a real currency.
@_date: 2014-03-04 17:56:34
More commonly are the people who stored it themselves and then had a hard drive crash, fire, or physical theft that caused the coins to become inaccessible. 
We all should remember the story of that guy who accidentally threw away $7M worth of bitcoin when he got rid of an old computer.