@_author: ziulmota
@_date: 2017-07-29 21:37:01
I disagree with "Reading Books" remember: Unlike watching TV, listening to the radio (the gold of the time) or using faucets (Bitcoin, Litecoin or any other cryptocurrency) Books ARE a waste of time. The people like you that is telling otherwise are lying. Also the scientific studies that show that reading books has health benefits and that TV is harmful to your health and it's a waste of time are BOGUS! Trust me because I'm telling you the truth and I do have EVIDENCE for that which is my father's ADVICE! Here is the advice: my father told me to not read books and instead watch TV or listen to the radio because I become too stressed and nervous while trying to read a book and because I don't have patience to read books. Please Google "books don't change people" and you will see my blog telling you the truth about reading books and watching TV and you will see that watching TV is worth more your time than reading books (please don't comment on my blog saying that watching TV is a waste of time and that reading books is worth your time because the comment will be removed okay?)
Also about faucets like the Costa Rica guy who made $40 in two years: in the long run, faucets is worth your time. Yes the earnings is very low in the beginning; but if you keep claiming satoshis (or litoshis in the case of Litecoin) every 5 minutes (or more depending on the faucet), in months or years you will have a decent number of bitcoins (or litecoins) which are increasing in value every year and you can sell it at a decent price on an exchange. TIP: to reduce boredom while claiming satoshis, (or litoshis in case of Litecoin) listen to the radio online in websites like internet-radio.com or TuneIn; you will be more energetic and your boredom will be reduced and you will be able to always keep claiming satoshis or litoshis as soon as the cool down time (the time you need to wait every time you claim) expires, without boredom
Trust me, the things that I told above to you are true, not a lie, okay?
@_date: 2017-07-29 22:28:07
I disagree of what you said that you should value your time more. because in my opinion, money is more valuable than your time even though time is not as recoverable as money. why? because unlike money, you have PLENTY of time. and I don't think that books is NOT a waste of time. in fact it IS because old-fashioned things like reading get you very stressed and frustrated and you learn NOTHING while reading books; also you don't earn money while reading books. and remember the evidence that reading books is a waste of time: my father suggested me to not read books because he saw me become stressed, agitated, anxious and impatient while trying to read a book.
so you need to remember that everything that entertains you (only TV/Radio entertains me. NOT books) it's funny (Again: Only TV/Radio is funny for me. books are BORING and it's not funny for me) or gives you money (no matter how small the money is, this means it includes claiming satoshis or litoshis in the case of litecoin) is NOT a waste of time. trust me, I'm telling the truth, NOT a lie okay?
For more information, Please google "books don't change people" because I'm not allowed to post a link to my blog on this subreddit okay?
@_date: 2017-07-30 21:26:50
My father pays my electricity and internet access costs for me. and I disagree that the guy from costa rica haven't gained anything and lost his life. in fact he earned $40 in two years which is still gaining something, so you told a lie that he didn't gain anything. in fact he actually gained anything; therefore he didn't lost his life. so the result is that the opportunity cost of claiming on faucets is very low (people like you told that there is a thing called opportunity cost and people who tell that there is a thing called opportunity cost and that the opportunity cost of claiming on faucets is great are lying) so please stop lying to the guy from costa rica okay? I'm here to tell the truth about faucets okay? thanks
@_date: 2017-07-30 22:04:02
I agree with you. he did something at he and I consider productive and like it. I love faucets, TV and Radio but I hate books. and there are so many liars here on reddit and on the internet (not everything you see here on reddit and on the internet as a whole, are true) so people who tells that TV/Radio or Bitcoin/Altcoin faucets are waste of time are lying, and so are the people who tell that books is good for you and is worth your time (in fact books are NOT good for you and is a waste of time so people that is telling you otherwise are lying) so I'm here to tell the truth (don't tell me that I'm lying because I'm NOT lying unlike these guys here on reddit and on the internet as a whole okay?) Thanks