@_author: zium
@_date: 2014-07-29 20:36:22
This is because some years ago some vendors began promoting kratom as a legal high as a result of which regulations around it got tighter. Technically US law now says that it may be sold but as "not intended for human consumption" because the FDA never approved it. When you use a service that processes creditcards or paypal live via your website then the word kratom will show up soon enough in your domain, on statements or whatever. When they notice it then accounts will be shut down. I'm sure there are exceptions (for small businesses who don't sell large volumes) here and there, but this is generally what is happening.
@_date: 2014-08-25 14:26:04
Great, this is exactly what I need due to my steam EUR-USD currency issue!
@_date: 2014-02-21 17:37:47
good point, still id like to see bitpay release an official update that fixes these issues. let's not forget that Magento is the fastest growing e-commerce platform out there and that a well programmed vanilla version of the bitpay extension is quite important
@_date: 2014-08-25 14:24:07
i think steam is reluctant to use bitcoin because they use different prices for different currencies and I suspect they make a lot of extra profit because of this. For example:
Half Life: Source is $ 9.99 USD for countries that steam serves the dollar prices. In europe the same game is € 9.99 which is obviously more expensive. 
A few days ago i tried to buy HL Source. Steam sees that I always log in from mexico on a mexican IP address (i moved here 2 years ago) but my steam account address is still tied to The Netherlands. When I try to purchase a game that is served to me in dollars and try to pay with my Dutch Paypal account they refuse my payment because Steam gets confused about the jurisdictions. In a way switching to dollars will get europeans cheaper prices and I suppose steam wants europeans to pay the high price.
Hence I think it has to do with currency differences that they are reluctant to implement bitcoin because in a way that stuff would fall away. I would absolutely loving tho. I will be using the link that  provided in the future, instead of asking my brother to gift me the games and then repay him via bank
So for the europeans who want cheaper steam games, start using a VPN and switch to dollars and just load up your credit with bitcoin ;) 
@_date: 2014-07-30 00:26:04
It has pain killing, relaxing and mood-uplifting characteristics. My girlfriend has kratom tea when it's that time of the month and it works surprisingly well. It is also used for relaxation or having a good night sleep. It's like a very relaxing cup of coffee with a stronger, more bitter flavor (it's actually related to coffee species)