@_author: zjpeters
@_date: 2013-10-17 18:51:05
Intent means nothing if it's still offensive. I could walk up to a policeman and say "raped a young boy in that alley." as a joke. But that joke would get you in a lot of trouble. My intent may not have been to possibly ruin your life, but it still could. Just because this example isn't as extreme doesn't mean everyone should say to themselves "Oh, well I won't take offense to someone making fun of my culture and language because they didn't mean any harm." That's where de facto racism comes from, people continuing racists actions because they don't see any harm in it. And again, the context of the story cannot be forgotten. You can't just take the joke on its own. There were 307 people on board that flight. There's a high likelihood that there are plenty of people on reddit who have a connection to someone on that flight. That means there's a high likelihood that someone could very well be offended because you're mocking a serious incident. 
@_date: 2013-10-17 17:51:44
What *I* don't want is a country full of self absorbed douche bags like yourself. Just because you find a racist joke funny doesn't make it any less racist and it doesn't make you any less racist. In the same way just because you say something stupid and offensive and people call you racist doesn't mean they're trying to take away your right to free speech, it just means you're not funny. It's as simple as that. 
@_date: 2013-10-17 20:23:17
If you think all bullying related suicide is Internet based you are clearly oblivious to the issue. Look at the number of kids who have killed themselves after being made fun of at school for being gay. This isn't a problem with Internet prevalence, it's a problem with people believing their words have no ramifications. People like you who think that just because tye didn't intend to hurt someone's feelings that they are not at fault for being racist. When people get on the Internet and get behind a username they'll happily spout all of their racist, homophobic and misogynistic ideals. Tell me, would you walk up to a Korean person and imitate their accent? I know I wouldn't, because that's being a dick. This isn't a question about how far is too far, it's just a matter of racist or not racist here. And here it's racist. There's no question in that. Look at the fact that the producers who made that joke were fired for their shitty joke. You can say you're "accepting differences" but all you're doing is pointing them out and making the gap wider. You can try to blame these problems with over sensitivity but the real issue is shitty people making shitty jokes. 
Hypocrisy is you defending a racist joke but then getting upset when you become the butt of an offensive joke that could have negative ramifications against you. 
I've got a fun idea. Let's see how well you enjoy stereotypes. From your history I can see you frequent libertarian and bitcoin subreddits. You're likely a white guy between the ages of 16-28. Probably making under $35,000 dollars. I can also from this assume that you're the standard neckbeard that people assume frequent such forums. I can also then, from this stereotype, assume that you haven't had sex in...let's say two years (minimum, it's possible you're still in high school and hate the girls around you because they don't understand your inner beauty). Now, here's the thing, that's a pretty shitty thing of me to say. It's quite possible that you're a perfectly nice person (though your defense of a racist joke makes me question that), but I instead used stereotypes to assume shitty things of you. 
@_date: 2013-10-17 19:05:08
The point is that all of this is on topic and you're ignoring that. Racism is real and rampant, as seen in the fact that this joke is going on and people think it's perfectly fine. And racist jokes can have real measurable harm. Look at people who have committed suicide from bullying. Would you say those people were just "thin skinned" and needed to grow up? Words have can cause harm, and just because you think *your* words don't because you don't *intend* them to doesn't make that true. But since it's a joke that reddit made it's alright I guess to make fun of a culture. In most cases people would call what you're doing "hypocrisy." You should try looking it up. 
@_date: 2013-10-17 18:20:55


"But truthfully, the only person I answer to is myself. I frankly don't give a fuck if someone finds my humor offensive." That's how. 


[Benevolent racism]( is still racism, just because you don't imply hate doesn't mean you aren't claiming there's something separating you from them.


Just because you don't intend your speech to hurt someone doesn't mean it can't hurt someone. You can cause harm without malicious intent.
Finding something funny doesn't make it acceptable. Other people agreeing with you doesn't make it acceptable. It seems you're blind to the fact that words are more than just letters put together. Just because you aren't personally offended doesn't make it right, it just means that you are racist. I can't speak for the mods in this one, but in most subreddits there are rules about limiting hateful speech towards users, and in this case the [un]original joke is offensive, hence the reason that newscast gained notoriety in the first place. It's a reference to a plane crash where 2 people died and 181 others were injured. There's nothing funny about that story. 