@_author: zmaniac17
@_date: 2016-08-26 20:33:39
I suppose this is true. But most corrupt governments hide behind secrecy and rely on their populations lack of access to information as a means of controlling them. So a secure method of record keeping might not sound like much but it's the beginning of a more structured and interactive system for the people.
@_date: 2016-08-13 08:52:17
This is somewhat of a contentious topic. We don't actually elect anyone at the federal reserve. They are appointed by the president for 14 year terms. And the federal reserve itself is only loosely tied to the government. This is supposed to prevent the government from using it as an endless piggy bank. But it doesn't seem to stop them or the for profit banks from doing so. I would consider it to be a hybrid government/private entity. Clearly this is both a good and a bad thing. It functions, but does so pretty poorly in the grand scheme of things. We can do better.
@_date: 2016-08-03 23:24:49
@_date: 2016-08-13 09:14:55
Everyone wants more bitcoin adoption but, is bitcoin ready for the world? I seriously don't think its ready for prime time. If the worlds currencies started going down they might well take bitcoin and the internet with them. I don't think we should be so eager to see fiat fail. At least not yet. Things are very precarious.
@_date: 2018-06-16 01:04:33
Feel free to dollar cost average yourself into oblivion on the chance that it returns to it's previous highs. Pretty risky proposition. Speculation is rampant. Reality is much more mundane and tokens can be produced infinitely to cover any use case. 90% of all blockchain development is open source too so it's not like it's hard to create new chains.
@_date: 2018-06-15 19:09:01
He is making sense. You on the other hand... Well, you just said buy low, sell high and then reverted to personal attacks.
@_date: 2018-06-11 11:39:09
Buy low, sell high is an over simplification and the reason people fail at it is because they fail to understand basic concepts like this. 
You're making the assumption that price will reverse and regain lost ground and then go even higher. This is an extremely high risk play. Trading is not about buying low and selling high. It's about risk management.  If you want to guarantee profits you short the pops in a down trend and buy the dips in an uptrend.
@_date: 2018-06-11 11:32:17
Finally one sane voice. People don't seem to understand this very well. You short the pops in a "down trend". You buy the dip in an "up trend"... 
@_date: 2018-06-15 19:18:24
For some reason everyone is still buying this line. Literally buying this line. If everyone would look a little deeper than social media accounts shouting about how awesome cryptocurrencies are then maybe this massive destruction of value wouldn't be so extreme. Regardless I won't be able to convince you. Empty promises are selling for billions and no one cares. Lies are the new truth. If you can't short don't play.
@_date: 2018-06-16 12:35:00
Now you're just trolling. The strategy is no guarantee of good returns on your investment. Dollar cost averaging into an investment that continues to fall each and every month is not a wise move.
@_date: 2016-07-17 00:24:07
You're right obviously ponzi is not the right word for this. What I'm trying to get at is the disconnect between investing and speculating in cryptocurrencies. 
When you invest in a company you expect the company to pay you as it grows. The money comes from successful business that adds value somewhere. 
On the other hand when you buy a cryptocurrency you are not directly investing in the business that created that currency. They will not pay you if they grow bigger. The premise is some kind of demand will be created for the currency. 
There are two main ways this can happen. The first and most common way is that other people decide to buy the currency thus increasing demand and value. The second is the business who created the currency can provide some way for that currency to be used thus creating demand for it apart from speculation.
I believe that we have yet to see a large demand for cryptocurrency of any kind outside of speculation. So the only way to make money in cryptocurrencies now is to get more people to join. This is the ethical dilemma I struggle with. 
As I see the currency markets reacting to every news post released by X coin or Y coin, I think to myself the movement of the market will all just be speculation. The actual news regardless of what it is will have little effect compared to the speculation that follows it. This is probably why we didn't see bitcoin move much at all after the halving. Speculation had already moved it up. It might eventually rise further but speculation is the driving force behind it still.
At some point in the future the currency will no longer grow because everyone who wants to join will have already joined and it will not be seen as an investment. It may then be seen as a rather good store of value perhaps and an excellent means of transferring value, but certainly not an investment that should grow over time.
@_date: 2016-07-28 21:17:58
Crytpo-currencies especially bitcoin are bubbles. Their real world value is extremely low compared to their speculative value. They are the "next big thing". But many are expanding and adding to their usefulness this year. I wouldn't expect the speculation to slow down at all, so they will continue to be overvalued. Keep in mind most of these block chains, maybe even bitcoin, will be gone in 5 to 10 years just like most of the dotcom era companies.
@_date: 2016-07-18 07:02:45
Governments are required for many things to exist. It's easy to forget that bitcoin is built on top of something other than the blockchain. Bitcoin is built on top of the internet, which is built on top of telecommunications system, much of which was designed and developed by or with the assistance of government. Not to mention the legal structure enable everyone involved in the creation of these projects to trust and work with each other. Technology may enable some of these things to happen without human government in the future but make no mistake there will be government. But the government will be in the form of code.
If you're up for a long but very informative look at how legal structure enables our economic system check this out.  Btw if you do watch this, it was filmed in 2001 and you'll spend the entire time yelling at the screen saying, "guys you could totally use a blockchain to do this!" And thankfully this is in progress with companies like factom.
@_date: 2016-07-18 08:49:49
Ya, this is actually a possibility. In fact, it's almost a certainty at this point. The only way we can resolve the massive debt the U.S. has created is with a destruction of value. If it happened fast enough that could bring everything grinding to a halt. At that point, having a different currency doesn't help. Especially one that relies on the internet to be functioning. Switching to a new currency doesn't eliminate debt anyways. It's a scary idea.  Who knows when we will address the debt problem but hopefully sooner rather than later.
An interesting stat: "In 2015, the U.S. spent $223 billion, or 6 percent of the federal budget, paying for interest on the debt." That will continue to grow since we have a debt based economy. Interest rates have been forced as low as possible. When they begin to rise that's game over. If you think about it. 1% interest rate rising to a 2% interest rate is a 100% increase on the debt payment. It could wipe out the United States entire federal budget with a few percentage points of interest. And the banking world being as interconnected as it is these days would probably not be able to survive a major country going under.
@_date: 2016-07-15 07:40:42
All crypto at it's heart is a ponzi scheme. The only saving grace is that most crypto currencies have other uses. Bitcoin for instance is an amazing tool for transfering value over the internet. But that's not what most people use it for. They enter it in the hopes more people will pile in behind them and increase the value of the coin. I say this as a bitcoin owner myself. It makes me feel a bit slimy. But ultimately Bitcoin never would have succeeded without the ponzi aspect of it. Think of how hard it would be to setup a world wide network of servers to mine for you without millions of dollars to back you up. The tech is what we should care about. Money is just "paper".
You can argue that all currencies are ponzi schemes of sorts. The last one out has a bunch of worthless paper notes. Currencies change all the time. Don't be the last one out!
@_date: 2016-07-18 23:38:01
Yep, very true. And what makes matters worse is we have a buy it now pay for it later culture. In more ways than one. Investing in the future should be more common place.
@_date: 2016-07-28 22:27:08
Ya I'm not saying its not very useful. Just that the ratio of speculation to utility is extremely skewed in favor of speculation. This is very obvious when you look at all the attention that the price of bitcoin receives. For uses other than speculation the price doesn't really matter. As long as it has a price it functions. 
If you look at the bitcoin halving you can see how speculation is the primary driving force. The price jumped like crazy in the months prior and then did not move at the event. It's just a game right now. There's real chance for change in the future though. I'm really excited about companies like Factom. Removing mistakes, inefficiencies and corruption from the massive amounts of paperwork in the world will really change the world and make it a better place to live in.
@_date: 2016-07-18 12:30:44
I wouldn't argue against that. There are many historical examples of decentralized governments. Those are still governments though. At our level of complexity as a society I'm not sure how you could make a decentralized government. There are endless list of problems that would need to be addressed before something like that would be possible. Blockchains do solve a few of these problems though. Perhaps in some kind of post scarity environment it would be possible.
@_date: 2016-07-18 11:45:58
Without the rule of law money is ineffective. Money is essentially a contract between people to accept it in exchange for goods and services. If the contract is with someone you trust maybe you don't need laws to back it up. But the larger your group is the more problems you'll have maintaining and issuing a currency. The entire banking system is built around getting people to trust in each other. This is achieved by clearly stated laws with authority to back them up. I don't know any other way to achieve that aside from creating a government. You can argue that bitcoin does that but I would argue that it does not. And in fact it is very much a beneficiary of the rule of law. It needs law to be worth something in the first place. Law is coded into it.
However once it has established its legitimacy, your statement becomes somewhat true. In our system the actual value is established by the markets not the government, despite the central banks best efforts. 
@_date: 2016-07-18 22:11:53
It's not what you make, its what are able to save. If you got a family to support on a low wage job. Or a high cost of living and a lot of expenses its difficult.
@_date: 2016-07-29 09:08:06
Ya, but it was priced prior to the event by speculation. I don't think it was efficient it just ended up being valued over the actual demand created by the halving. To know for sure we would have needed to somehow remove the speculation to see what actually happened. It would be interesting if we could track speculative bitcoin movement vs non speculative movement. If you looked at the block chain maybe you could determine how a bitcoin was being used by how it moved.
Being able to see what money is doing and how much there is at any one time is something we've never had before in history and certainly will be useful for certain organizations to track. You might immediately think of all the nefarious purposes that could be used for but it might not all be bad. It's easier to make good economic decisions if you know more things about your money supply. And that could be invaluable information. Governments and banks could "balance their check books" much more effectively. Blockchains are to accountants as tractors are to farmers.