@_author: znees
@_date: 2018-09-04 02:46:35
Dear OP, 
This was hilarious. I'm sorry that you got dogpiled by a bunch of morons. 
@_date: 2018-08-21 04:14:40
Norway is a mixed economy.  I wouldn't call them capitalist in the sense that the US is. And, it's one of our better examples of how to do public benefits and works. And by comparison to how the US does things, they are much closer to a socialist ideological model than we are. There's no such thing -really- as pure capitalism or socialism.  
@_date: 2018-08-20 22:35:09
I know right. Everyone liberal these days is all proudly socialist. And, I'm just over here going, can we discuss the implications of the an itty bitty bit? I want healthcare too. But, ya know, ya don't have align yourself with Mao and Lenin to do it. 
@_date: 2018-08-22 06:47:26


That trade and social stability are more important than "pride of ownership" as motivating and sustaining wealth factors.


Well, depending, there's a range from no one owns them, everyone owns them, and only the state owns them.


Because you're motivated to by whatever reason. People invent things they don't own all the time. This happens in private companies a whole lot. And, there's a range of compensation in the public and private sector for those sorts of achievements. 
This isn't a specific artifact of socialism
@_date: 2018-08-05 05:42:32
USAA does crypto
@_date: 2018-08-22 20:48:24
Look, at this point, you're just arguing for what you personally would like. You're not talking about what's actually in evidence, you're arguing from your personal ideology. There are many ways for things to work and you don't need pure capitalism, extensive privacy, and personal property rights to do this. 
Hey! Those are my values too. But, it turns out that these values aren't the only way to get things done. They are beliefs and theory rather than principles support by evidence and facts. The actual evidence strongly suggests that we don't really need them maximized in order to make things work.


I was using that as a shorthand for personal property rights and privacy. Sorry if that confused you.


That's you! Not everyone is just like you. Some people don't. And, some people would say that the place your coming from is excessively greedy, selfish, and socially irresponsible. We can only determine this stuff from what's in evidence as working. And, it turns out, what you'd like isn't the only way to do things, nor are your principles the backbone of  how this world actually works. 


They don't all. The guy who invented the Doritos taco didn't get squat. He was even having a health crisis and financial trouble and YUM didn't do anything until became a PR problem. Not all companies are created equal. Huawei happens to compensate the fuck out of their employees.  You're being disingenuous here.  
I'm kinda done with this conversation. Let's just agree to disagree.
@_date: 2018-08-22 00:25:46
The problem here that this isn't a discussion where those loose terms can be applied with any real world relevance. Nearly every country in the world is a mixture of these two types of economic forces and often a bevy of different political ones. So we need a far more nuanced set of terms. 


No, not wholly. Huawei, for example, is a state run multinational corporation. There might be a need for equity profiting. Or, there might be a need for some set of parties in a complex economy to have some sort of property or privacy rights. (Trade secrets, for example.) But, there's no need for those rights to be inalienable or private. 
@_date: 2018-08-20 22:36:15
Norway has that too. But, also, healthcare and a low level of civic corruption. 
@_date: 2018-08-21 21:50:15
Well it depends on what form of socialism or what we are defining as socialism. Personal and Property rights aren't nearly as important as upward economic mobility and stability. China and half a dozen other countries prove that pretty clearly. But, of course, the best known way to get both of those things is to have something to sell that other people want to buy... 
@_date: 2018-08-20 22:37:32


I am all for that. 
@_date: 2018-08-23 02:38:37
Again we can agree to disagree. 


Oh that is so full of shit it isn't funny. There are innumerable pathways to a CIS career. It's not as if you completed some hurculan feat. Try that on someone who doesn't own their own company and who doesn't have a background in tech.
I don't care if you went to college or not. Being successful without college or having gone to college doesn't impress me one iota. I care about how someone thinks and if they're competent and reliable. The thing is you have just admitted on this thread that you have no interest in evidence, alternate points of view, or whether or not you're actually even "mostly" right. ALL you care about is pimping your pet perspective. And, I got to say, what you're putting out here isn't exactly what I'd call an A game of economic analysis or political understanding. 
So we're done here. 
@_date: 2018-08-20 22:39:39
NO. That was Sarcasm. OC is suggesting that Venezuela's problems have little to with socialism qua socialism. Venezuela has just leaped from shitty institutional state to shitty institutional state. 
@_date: 2018-08-20 23:15:36
I don't really think it's the institutional ideological system. In Chile and Venezuela you have corrupt regime after corrupt regime. In South and Central America, generally, you have nearly a century's worth of interference from the US, UK, and various Communist Socialist regimes. You have the repeated gutting of the intellectual class via torture regimes and puppet leaders. You have a lot of neglected and poorly made infrastructure. And, Central America is particularly prone to earthquakes and related natural disasters.   (But, you'll note that South America generally does better than Central America due to having fewer natural disasters.) 
That's a lot. Under those circumstances, I'm not sure it really matters if you have a monarchy or a representational democracy. 
@_date: 2018-10-18 17:21:19
Well, you're making a distinction that was not in evidence in this month long thread. And, FITW there are plenty of people who identify as "democratic socialist" who do align themselves with Che and Marx. This is not a genuine observation unless we throw out the entire history of secular economic systems and start with a seperate definition that TMK has an undetermined level of consensus.
I really don't know what you want from me here.  
@_date: 2017-11-18 07:53:08


Ya know, people really should take that as a warning to investigate their own assumptions more than they actually do. I have seen this chestnut banded by a whole lot of people. But, most of them are convinced that whatever point of view they happen to hold is "most right" anyway. 
@_date: 2017-11-20 20:51:32
You are replying to a comment that's two days old. This comment bothered no one. And, it was pretty neutral. You on the other hand are behaving like an off kilter shitty day fairy. Nobody was talking to you. There's no reason to be verbally abusive. 
@_date: 2018-11-20 15:51:32
@_date: 2018-03-27 16:35:22


They are not. And, this is where I exit this conversation and this entire thread. That is simply a delusional statement. As is getting downvoted for pointing out the fact that there was no wrongful conviction.  
Ya'll have fun now.
@_date: 2018-03-27 07:14:12
Exactly. If you're gonna cry Free Ross, then you better put him at the back behind the of tens of thousands of other people who are part of the justice system due to nonviolent drug related charges. And, if you're not willing to do that, then all you've got here is hero worship.
@_date: 2018-03-27 07:16:30
The opioid crisis is really overblown. We use fewer opiate drugs and have fewer people addicted than ever. This so-called crisis is really just a play for more institutional control over narcotics and to feed the prison system. This is not to in anyway diminish the actual tragedy of addiction. But, it is to strongly state "This is not the problem people are making out to be."
@_date: 2018-03-27 17:14:57
Hi! You're from Iceland. So, maybe you are unaware that there is a vast difference, in US law, between how and if certain laws are enacted, even if we are talking about felonies. 
So, it's like this. If I accidentally open your mail. I won't go to prison. I won't even get a fine.  But, the law is there to deter and convict people who interfere with the mail system and personal correspondence. And, that's how it's prosecuted, if it's prosecuted. 
Meanwhile, all narcotics regulation is designed to control the substance and all the economic activity surrounding it. It's an entirely different class of felony, carrying different penalties, that's designed to do entirely different stuff.  But, they are both felonies because it was decided, erroneously or not, that both of these crimes potentially possessed grave harm to society as a whole. On top of all that there is whole other conversation to have about the limits of "Prosecutorial discretion". 
I feel like if you don't automatically understand this distinction it's not worth having a conversation about it. You are at best grossly misinformed. But, more than likely, you are simply under the delusion that everything can be, should be, or is examined on the exact same basis and pursued the exact same way. Things are not like that here.  It's a complex system, it's not perfect, and not all laws are well written. There's a whole lot of nuance.  And, that nuance and complexity is exactly how you get into dumb shit like "three felonies a day". 


Not really. No. According to the letter and spirit of our drug/organized crime laws, Ross should 100% be in jail.  He broke those laws with impunity, he was engaged in organized crime, he engaged in and facilitated drug trafficking. And, he got a fair trial.
And, had he not gone down for any of that, they would have gotten him for tax evasion. Or, they wouldn't have attempted to trie him on the basis of ordering a hit on someone.  They didn't do either of those things because they had him on all the other things. And, it's very common not to pursue every possible charge, especially when there's a whole landry list of offences. 
See, if you don't know that - just as a general citizen, there's no point in the conversation. You're over there trying to argue that what he did is imaginary and has no real world reality or harm. But, loads of people negatively impacted by drug cartels and addicts would seriously disagree. In essence, according to our laws and the general moral sentiment behind them, he did not commit a "victimless" crime. 
This time I'm really done. Happy downvoting! 
@_date: 2018-03-27 07:09:41
The problem here is that what he actually did is actually illegal and can draw those specific penalties. He did actually facilitate drug trafficking on US soil whilst living in the US. And, he is kinda of dumbass for not being more cognizant of that fact.  
This is the whole point of the Kim Dotcom extradition trial. And, the Megaupload situation is just about file sharing. What Kim Dotcom did is actually legal in other places around the world. Ulbricht could have ran that site from half a dozen other countries and been -relatively- insulated.
Now, you wanna argue about if what he's convicted of *should* be illegal, fine. I happen to think he committed no moral wrong here. But, just because I think marijuana is a perfectly safe medicinal herb doesn't make smoking it suddenly not a crime.
@_date: 2018-03-27 15:08:50
I've read similar stuff. But, you're not going to convince me that felonies anyone innocently commits due to legislative overreach is in any way equivalent to operating a full on drug trafficking operation on the dark web. Despite how much I might agree that it should be legal, he was not unjustly convicted here.  He knew what he doing and he wholly intended to break a highly enforced set of "very serious" crimes. This isn't accidently opening a person's mail or destroying a penny. And, it's silly for you to suggest that it is. Who you trying to fool with that? 
@_date: 2018-03-27 07:22:34
There are only like a handful of countries that don't "kill people all the time".  Let's not single the US out for Imperial SOP. 
@_date: 2018-11-20 15:44:26
Keep drugs illegal! 
@_date: 2018-03-27 08:12:27
That's not the point I'm making. What I'm saying is that it is less now than it has ever been. And, moreover, this whole situation is going to be used for "tougher" laws and penalties. The whole Opiate Crisis is just going to be used to feed the prison system. Ultimately, if we focused on solving the problem - like the other countries with less drug use- as opposed to punishing people, we wouldn't have the higher levels of use and abuse. 
Don't get me wrong, I fully understand that we intentionally get people hooked on drugs in this country. The reasons for this are multiple and some of them are purely about how drug laws are written. My buddy, who has a chronic pain disorder, is addicted to pills because he gets drug tested. And, if he's not "fully loaded" they will take him off of pills that he only really needs sometimes. They do that solely to make sure he's not selling pills. It's tragic.  
@_date: 2018-03-27 18:50:55


Oh goodness. Are you telling me that people and institutions sometimes abuse and exploit systems of power? This has never occurred to me. Consider my eyes wide open about the degridated police states that are Iceland and the USA. 
Are you serious? Please tell me you're trolling.


In theory. civil weighs more heavily interpretation of the code whereas the common system looks at president. 
In reality, they work very much the same and they both have idiosyncrasies and bullshit flaws. Neither way is perfect or procedurally treats every situation exactly the same. But, in both systems, people do not generally get sent to jail for accidentally committing an offence, unless the accident was caused by reasonable negligence. 


It's the same here  people talk about judges "legislating from the bench" all the time. Except here, where there's case law it sets precedents so it makes it easier for the next case.
But, so what? Under both systems your original comment is still wrong and delusional. The Realpolitik here is that the philosophical perspective that prioritises crap like "3 felonies a day" is fucking stupid. And, all this blather is just an evasion from that fact. 
@_date: 2018-07-02 09:41:25
I betcha he thought it was funny. And, honestly, any mom that hodl's is a mom I'd consider fucking. 
@_date: 2018-07-02 09:44:40
I lol'd
@_date: 2018-07-02 09:42:05
Not so!
@_date: 2018-07-02 09:43:58
Well, as bonafide mother fucker, I have found that if you tell them what you want, it significantly increases your chances of getting it. But, ya know, maybe just tell the mom and not her kid. 
@_date: 2018-12-06 22:56:08
Because rich people are putting money into trading infrastructure and products geared for it. The next thing we are going to see are a bunch of value dips, so that whoever buys out a bunch of cheap coin before its marketed to the average Vanguard/Merrill Lynch customer. 
TL/DR: The currencies are being manipulated and undervalued to be cheap for some *very special people* to acquire. 