@_author: zode64
@_date: 2014-01-13 16:18:26
Wow, and that wasn't even visible on the stream this morning. 
@_date: 2017-02-17 08:36:46
So if transaction fees become unreasonably large because of the increase in the value of bitcoin and everyone reduces the fee will nodes just start switching off or will the increase in reward of finding a higher value block incentivize them to continue? Is there some way for the nodes not include as many transactions in each block slowing everything down? 
@_date: 2017-11-22 14:13:01
I agree it's worthless shit but if it has been used to buy bitcoin (inflating the price) then I don't see how a lot more people finding out it is worthless shit hasn't had an effect.
@_date: 2013-04-12 15:23:32
Yes, I understand this point, government as it functions now is wrong but huge corporations which wield power using money they have earnt through cheating the system are partly responsible for this.
Can you honestly say fundamental public services aren't required for a country to function well and fairly whether it be supported by the so called government that functions now or something which grows out of a fairer economy?
@_date: 2013-04-12 15:19:30
So the currency is built ontop of the exchange of illegal commodities and for this reason is never likely to become mainstream as it will be banned.
I think this enforces the argument that a virtual, peer to peer currency with traceable transactions could be more successful.  
@_date: 2013-04-12 17:44:52
Without wanting to venture too far into a more abstract political argument (because we won't get anywhere and we will be quite far from the subject of the original question in my opinion) I would argue that competition in health, education and security isn't that great as people in these areas need greater incentives than just greed to provide a good service, like working for the good of the state and the people. I would put forward the NHS in the UK as a good example of where public services have triumphed. Also, and more importantly in my view, your ideology tends to favour the better off in society while rejecting the worse off. 
Having said all this, I am quite sure we are unable to change each others minds on this so if we go back to the original question, I wonder whether bitcoin should be addressing such ideas if it wants to be a success. If it was traceable It could improve the financial activity of the world by cutting out centralized banks while still being widely adopted. 
I understand that at present bitcoin is attracting people wishing to participate in the exchange of illegal goods for the reason of traceability which is another thing making it less appealing to the masses. 
@_date: 2013-04-12 15:17:33
But ultimately the only value of bitcoins is as a currency so if what you say is the case then it is just another instrument for investers to try generate value from nothing  (and I guess some early adopters to make some cash if they sell in time)
@_date: 2013-04-15 17:51:46
You're right, I was trying to avoid veering too far from the original question and I provided my main reason for doing so but I shouldn't have implied you were from the US or that you are a neoliberal despite you comment implying so. 
@_date: 2013-04-12 16:02:55
Real cash being what exactly? The only thing making the current concept of cash "real" is that there is a certain form of it which you can hold. There is no gold standard so the value the cash represents isn't linked directly to anything with actual value and it is decided by what appear to be fairly incompetent, greedy men who have no interest in fairness. 
Why is this better than what has been described above?
@_date: 2013-04-12 16:11:14
Although I disagree with the concept of neoliberalism I understand it is a strongly held view in the US which I would be unable to change your mind about. 
If we return to the topic of virtual, peer to peer currency, I understand it does improve (in the eyes of neoliberals) on one aspect of the current monetary system which would be to cut out the financial sector earning money without generating value. While bitcoin will never be mainstream in the current climate because of the promotion of anonymous, untaxable transactions an alternative which cuts out the banks but is traceable should stand more of a chance.
Once you are at that stage you can look at privatising the entire US. 
@_date: 2013-04-12 19:30:33
So if I understand the argument correctly, out of this breaking down of control structures, which some might say have come about due to the democractic evolution of institutes which are in place for the good of the people, will rise new types of moral, greed free, non descriminating corporations of the likes the world has never seen before. These corporations will provide all current public and private services for the good of all people, driven by the power of money and that making money and the quality of services to all always align? 
@_date: 2013-04-12 21:38:54
Your argument implies everyone is disgruntled by state involvement in certain services which you are wrong about as most European citizens would tell you. It also implies that some eutopia is going to spring out of a break down in state run institutions where poor people can afford private health and education with prices decided by people who want to make as much money as possible, and where the disadvantaged are looked after assumably by philanthropic acts, which, again I would say you are wrong on as you can see if you look at the class divide and the current state of health care in the U.S.
The same goes for state involvement in corportations. Although there are horrible examples of lobbying in most countries in the world it is generally to ease regulation which is put in place to prevent abuses of the system. Without these regulations goods would be cheaper but there would be no minimum wage, the divide gets bigger and things get worse. There are very few examples of where the private sector has stepped in, deregulated to perform vital functions such as policing, health and education in the modern world so it is unclear how you can say with such confidence if it would be a success or not.
I would also argue the free market tends to reward the rich and able bodied, what about the other people that need help in society and if the government wasn't there to stop corportions screwing people over (as bad a job as they do at present) who would be?  
