@_author: zombievac
@_date: 2016-08-03 15:06:04
Were people with that much Bitcoin, storing it on an Exchange, actually able to afford to lose it all?  Because that's the caveat here - only store/trade an amount you can AFFORD TO LOSE when something like this happens!  It will happen again.
@_date: 2016-08-03 16:27:03
Great, good to know!  That makes me feel a bit better.  Thank you.
@_date: 2016-08-03 16:26:35
Thanks man, that's kinda what I thought would be best.  I appreciate it.
@_date: 2015-10-05 21:24:27
What about when I bought coins directly from Coinbase to use as a investment/fun, in case the price jumps again?  And, my coins "ending up" anywhere is not my concern, and frankly, is the whole point of Bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-10-06 14:30:48
No, they just took away my ability to move it easily, which was the whole point of their service, and wiped my transaction history, my identity verification, etc... With no warning, and no explanation, even after repeatedly asking for that info (which I can only do via email to their support, since I can't do anything via the Coinbase interface anymore).
There are many others, who claim to be setting up a class action suit, who did get ripped off by Coinbase when a favorable trade was made that was not in Coinbase's favor, though.  I'm not one of those, I just found out about them after I looked around when my account was wiped.
Luckily, other services exist, so I was able to move my funds to a private wallet and will have to use another service to sell or deposit them to my fiat money accounts.
@_date: 2015-10-06 14:25:25
Thanks, I gave it a try, but my history is gone now too since Coinbase just wiped me (though I believe I only ever sent bitcoin from my wallet to another wallet via Coinbase once or twice, I was simply keeping some savings with them).  My wallet address doesn't show up in their lists, though. 
@_date: 2015-10-06 14:20:36
Isn't that EXACTLY what I'm trying to do here, without Mr. "Know It All" telling me &amp; everyone reading this what we already know?  Is this how you go about affecting positive change, Mother Theresa?
@_date: 2015-10-05 20:42:07
It's simply more info to add to the hundreds of others having a bad or downright shady experience with Coinbase.  Now it's FUD when you get ripped off, eh?  I based my conclusion on what I found when researching them further AFTER they fucked with my account, not just because they randomly closed my account and WON'T EVEN TELL ME WHY!
You don't have to believe me, but if you're still using Coinbase and haven't looked into all the other issues going on with them, GOOD LUCK!  Haha.
@_date: 2015-10-05 21:21:58
Whether or not you "mis-judged", I'm not longer interested in using your service anyway.  They way you're (Coinbase) is handling things lately is downright shady.  I know for a fact that I did nothing wrong with my account, and whether or not coins I bought from you were misused in some way by someone else afterward is simply not a justification.
@_date: 2015-10-05 20:38:46
Thanks for the info.  I (now that I'm more educated), am completely in agreement with you!  I'm trying Breadwallet for now.
Fuck the banks, and fuck Coinbase.
@_date: 2015-10-14 21:51:01
I thought so as well, it DEFINITELY seemed like a scam when they first sent me the email.  It took me a while to verify it was, indeed, a legit email from Coinbase's customer service.  
This is the email I got, completely out of the blue, after not even having used the service for months, aside from having a balance in my wallet (sounds shady as hell, right?):
"Thank you for your interest in Coinbase. Our primary goal is to make bitcoin safe and secure for our customers. Coinbase is a regulated Money Services Business under FinCEN (FinCEN.gov), and as part of achieving this goal, we are legally obligated to implement regulatory compliance mechanisms.
Upon careful review of your account, we regret to inform you that we can no longer provide you with access to our service. In order to resolve this matter, we respectfully request that you follow the on-screen instructions presented when you log into your Coinbase account to send any remaining balance offsite to an external bitcoin address.
Should you have any questions or need assistance, please let us know and we’ll be happy to help.
Coinbase Customer Support"
@_date: 2015-10-05 20:43:45
Keep lovin' them, if you like to get ripped off and take on unnecessary risk!  The smartest people always worship &amp; "love" corporations, right?
@_date: 2015-10-06 14:15:31
I'm perfectly happy to work with reputable companies, but I do not think happiness is synonymous with supporting and loving corporations (who, FYI, are not people), and they are certainly not here to help you - they're legally obligated to make profit above all else.  
I haven't had a "major" problem with a corporation in my life either, though I am not blind to the many problems that do exist just because I personally haven't been completely screwed over.  
Sorry it wasn't clear to you, haha, I do not consider the loss of my ability to use Coinbase a "major problem", I was just warning the sheeple like you that there is something going on.  But go ahead and turn this into "this guy hates society, and my lord Jeebus, and my blessed 'Merica, because he reported a legit issue with the way a company is dealing with people"... hahaha.
You're "sorry to hear that I don't [like living in modern society because I told others of a problem with Coinbase]" - ok, then... hahaha
@_date: 2015-10-06 15:50:27
Couple issues here.  I didn't break your user agreement, and regardless, that's not what I was told when my account was closed.  I was told nothing, except that Coinbase is trying to comply with regulations, which don't apply to me or my situation in any way I can find.
I didn't even ask for a "bit more time", but actually giving proper notification and some sort of recourse (the support person, Christina, did not) before just wiping my account is insane.  Also, a week between responses in a case like this is just poor customer service in general.
Your user agreement is so open ended, you could do this to anyone, for any reason... and apparently when you do, you handle it in the worst way I could imagine aside from outright stealing peoples' money (and frankly, I found this out after my account was closed, there is a large user group working on a class action lawsuit, because they're saying you do just that, in some cases).