@_author: zombieslayer83
@_date: 2019-07-10 02:32:15
And? Visa and MasterCard do. Google does. Everyone does. It's not really surprising. Don't like it? Don't use Libra.
@_date: 2019-07-01 06:09:38
That makes sense because tether isn't backed up by it's reserves. So if they are just printing money it's no wonder it isn't in short supply.
@_date: 2019-08-21 05:17:57
Distribution and liquidity will increase with time and it will not be so volatile. Imagine 1 Bitcoin at $5. Anyone can buy it and double their money. Now imagine Bitcoin at 1 million. Now no one can double their money except ultra wealthy, and it takes a lot longer to get there. 5 to 10 is an easy jump 1 mil to 2 mil is going to take some time. At that point people will just use Bitcoin like a bank, because banks stopped paying interest long ago but Bitcoin does. No one will expect to go to the moon but they will trust that Bitcoin will give modest returns over time.
@_date: 2019-08-21 05:37:42
It looks like 7 months ago you were loading up on some shitcoin named modium. Was that a good call? 8 months ago you said Bitcoin would recover to 5-6k in May 2020. Didn't it hit 5-6k two months later?
Tell us more Nostradamus, we are all dying to hear
@_date: 2019-08-21 12:46:16
I agree. It can't be more than an investment until it stabilizes more. No one is going to routinely transact with something so volatile. There is a principle called Gresham's law that also applies. Stated concisely, bad money drives out the good. Given that principal, it may never be used as a currency for day to day transactions. But I can certainly see people transacting with it for some purchases, some day, when they get to a point where they are spending their savings. If they can buy everyday items with it, then they can avoid the taxes on their gains. I don't think that point is very far off but I'm not going to venture a firm guess for when. People who are cashing out have no problem transacting with it for lambos, houses, etc. right now. The only thing that prevents them from doing so is not many vendors will accept it at this point. More will when there are point of sale platforms that instantly convert Bitcoin to Fiat so there is no risk to vendors from volatility. In the future you may be stacking sats and hodling when young, and spedning when you are old and living on your crypto savings.
@_date: 2019-06-27 13:21:39
Bitcoin is not for transacting. It never will be because of Gresham's law. Libra or Facecoin, whatever you want to call it, will be for transacting. You don't transact with commodities, and that's what Bitcoin is. It is a vessel for savings and investment. Duh. That's what it has always been.
@_date: 2019-06-28 02:13:49
This doesn't make sense to me at all. So, whales buy tether at a dollar apiece, then they "dump" it for Bitcoin. Then Bitcoin price goes up. Tethers are only worth a dollar apiece. Why would they do that? They could just buy bitcoin with their dollars and avoid the costs of swapping dollars for tether first. And what difference does it make if they put money into tether before putting it into Bitcoin? The money is going into Bitcoin either way. Tethers are only good for exiting Bitcoin. If you think Bitcoin will fall against the dollar, you sell for tether because it's pegged to the dollar. Then you can buy the Bitcoin back, with your tether, when it falls, and have even more bitcoin. The reason you do this instead of selling your Bitcoin for dollars and then buying back with dollars is because the IRS will know if all those dollars go into your bank account. But if you trade for tether, they may not have the capability to detect that and you might evade taxation on the transaction.
@_date: 2019-06-30 19:16:22
But still. If you're in China, and you havet to buy over the counter, why buy tether first? Why not just buy Bitcoin? The whole premise that issuing tether causes Bitcoin to increase in price doesn't make sense to me. People are putting money into Bitcoin. That's why the price goes up. Whether they swap Fiat for BTC, or Tether then BTC, it's people putting money into Bitcoin that makes the price go up, not the issuance of tether.
@_date: 2019-06-27 16:37:58
Bitcoin's value is derived from it's utility. It can be used to transmit value globally, near instantaneously, at low cost, and without third party trust. You can't do this with any other commodity. So if you want to be able to do that you have to buy Bitcoin. Since it is a limited commodity this drives up the price.
@_date: 2019-06-27 16:27:33
Gold, aluminum, apples, and oranges all have value despite the fact that they are not used as a currency. They have value as a commodity, same as Bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-06-27 14:20:27
Bitcoin won't be undercut by alts any more than Coca-Cola is undercut by store brand soda. It has many advantages. First mover in the market, brand dominance. A mysterious creator who has never spent his holdings and Garner's cult like respect. The widest and most egalitarian distribution of any coin. All alts are concentrated in much fewer hands and therefore more susceptible to manipulation. Most involved an ICO or premine that placed huge quantities in a small number of hands. When you buy an alt you are making some douche at the top rich. Ripple, for example, has 60% of coins held by the creators. I'm not too excited about making Brad Garlinghouse rich. With Bitcoin however, it's in Satoshi we trust. Not to say alts will go away or not have some value. The store brand soda's exist. But Coca-Cola dwarfs their consumption and availability. As to quantum computers wrecking Bitcoin, numerous articles have been written about why this won't happen. Search this forum and you will find them. As to government regulation, governments can't stop Bitcoin any more than they have stopped the drug trade. And at this point too many people are invested in Bitcoin to outlaw it in the west. There would be a massive outcry if the U.S. government moved to ban it. Senators, congressman, and regulators hold it in their portfolio. The backlash against a proposed ban would be immense.
@_date: 2019-06-27 14:43:31
Bitcoin is not for transacting. It never will be due to Gresham's law. Maybe that's what it was originally intended for but it has never been used that way. It is a vehicle for savings and investment. That is what it has always been. Libra or Facecoin, whatever you want to call it, will be used for transacting. But once someone has some Facecoin in an account that is just sitting there, they may decide, hey, this money is just sitting in an account, it is not gaining any value, so I'm going to trade some of it for Bitcoin because I don't plan on spending it for awhile, and it might accrue some value in the mean time if I covert it to Bitcoin. So, stable coins won't drive out Bitcoin. They will complement it.
@_date: 2019-06-27 16:49:55
You really should read up on Gresham's law. I don't care what Bitcoin.org says on their website. No one died and made them the absolute arbitor of Truth in characterization.
@_date: 2019-06-29 01:09:23
I have read Satoshi's white paper, actually. The guy who first created ecstacy was trying to create a drug for abnormal bleeding. That doesn't mean that is what he wound up creating. I'm not saying it isn't a payment system either. Clearly it is. I'm saying it is not for transacting. People do not now, and never have used Bitcoin for everyday transactions. There are so many reasons why it is not well suited for that.
@_date: 2019-06-27 17:23:52


The second sentence does not logically follow from the first. If something has value because people are willing to pay for it then that is why it has value. The use case is irrelevant if you say that something has value only because people are willing to pay for it. People pay for it now not because they want to use it to buy a latte. It has value because people believe it does. People believe it has value because of its scarcity, and because of its utility in storing and conveying value safely, globally, near instantly, and without third party trust.
@_date: 2019-09-02 18:35:10
Why not just spend fiat and avoid the inevitable fees for buying more bitcoin? It sounds like you have funds in fiat for the purchase of more bitcoin. Unless you are shopping on the dark web it seems like the most logical thing to do. That's probably why this function doesn't exist.
@_date: 2019-09-02 15:29:02
Why so many searched from St Helena? The population is less than 5000