@_author: zona914
@_date: 2017-08-19 16:03:08
Miners have invested significant amounts of money into infrastructure, mining equipment, contracts for cheap electricity, and plenty more besides.
This is why you're not seeing a switch to BCH; any short term profit is cancelled out by the damage done to the idea of decentralized trustless store of value, which in the long term is the only reason to use something like Bitcoin - you might aswell just use a mySQL database otherwise (if users are entrusting a third party to ensure the system's safety, there's no reason to use a blockchain).
@_date: 2017-08-18 16:05:51
"What's to prevent the LN node operators from colluding and asking for a 1% fee on each node?"
How will this collusion be organized? What happens when someone decides their node would be more popular, and that they'd earn more money, if they reduced their fee to 0.99%? And then, some other bright spark gets a similar idea, and decides to bid 0.98%? I saw how fast the margin trading lending rates went down immediately after August 1st, as lenders outbid each other with cheaper and cheaper rates.
This argument is similar to the argument that a site like eBay Auctions couldn't work, since bidders will collude, and you'll end up selling your item for cents.
@_date: 2017-08-16 14:10:28
These articles have over the past several years tried to explain why no-one should be investing in Bitcoin.
I realize though, that you were asking for well-researched articles. I keep an eye open for the same.
For me, I hold Bitcoin because I believe Bitcoin will continue to be viewed as the most trustworthy implementation of a trustless decentralized store of value, and for me, any temporary downside of price volatility is cancelled out by the known limited supply, and the scarcity. What I do see in Bitcoin's price movements, is the type of price movements you see in the stock market over the course of a year or two, but they'll happen instead of the course of a few weeks or months. This is scary for some people, but unless Bitcoin is dethroned as the most trusted decentralized trustless store of value, Bitcoin will continue to be very valuable. And if it were dethroned from this role, it could only be by an even more decentralized, more trustless, more proven, store of value. Someone could build one, but gaining the people's trust in this new alternative, that it will remain decentralized, and prove to be secure, would take years, and all the while, Bitcoin would continue to exist, perhaps borrowing ideas from this new more decentralized and trustless competitor (since, the competitor would need to be open-source, to even be able to attempt to gain this trust)... Bitcoin's first mover advantage is huge.
@_date: 2017-08-18 15:55:54
I disagree - in Japan, people use a number of prepaid cards, each of which award some points or give some other benefit for their use. In many countries, people top up a mobile prepaid account, or a utility bill prepaid account. I myself have used Microsoft Points, whereby I buy an amount of credit that can be spent on XBox related items. I have also topped up my Amazon balance, and then spent out of that balance over a period of time. People use VPS services, and top up their account a certain amount. They might have a card that they use for public transport, which they hold funds on. I have a card for my cinema which I top up and use, as I then benefit from a loyalty scheme. Some parents give their child a card which is linked to an account with some balance. I have points built up on a number of different loyalty cards. I have used a card that you top up in advance, to save time at a toll bridge as you can just drive straight through.
At present, these numerous different accounts are operated by a great many different companies, who handle all sorts of account related functions - issuing the cards, maintaining the account balances, providing and maintaining equipment, which may need training, to support these cards.
And then there's micropayments - the great unexplored (because there's never been a cheap enough way to process them at scale, and perhaps that's about to change).