@_author: zood27
@_date: 2018-09-09 04:02:49
No, you need government and a strong centralized authority otherwise it is just anarchy. In anarchy might is right and those with might take resources and wealth by force. The trick is having a centralized authority that is in itself decentralized. This is parliamentary democracy. Especially in America there is a reason why the branches of government are divided in such a way. However, unavoidably one branch attempts to take to much power from the other branches. When this happens either the system corrects itself or falls into tyranny. The problem nowadays is that the communists have so inserted themselves into the thought of the mainstream that most people cannot imagine a system where government has control over everything. They can't comprehend that the economy is like a force a nature that can regulate itself (mostly) and still be fine. If we can use cryptocurrency to demonstrate that government doesn't need to regulate everything (but it does some things) then western democracies could return to a more healthy balance than it is today. I think we're heading in that direction considering how there are right wing populists slowly taking back power in the west who are most biased towards things like cryptocurrency.
@_date: 2018-09-16 04:59:19
That's blatantly incorrect and stupid. Your examples defeat your own argument because if that person didn't get that insulin shot, or if people didn't eat food, they'd die. If maintaining and creating human life does not give something intrinsic value then nothing does, and therefore human life has no value. Are you really arguing that human life has no value?


I do not know what you're trying to argue here. Both the person who has access to a four course meal and the person who only has access to a slice of bread still value food pretty highly.
Besides, if value was entirely subjective then fiat money, keynesian economics, socialism and communism would have been successful. They weren't. Value cannot be entirely subjective there has to to be an objective component to it.
@_date: 2018-09-02 01:31:54
I'd just say that by using fiat money we could print tons and tons of money and give it to the poor so that the poor wouldn't be poor anymore and then I'd accuse the rich of not liking the idea cause they hate poor people and if you're against my idea than you hate poor people to and will get sent to a gulag.
@_date: 2018-09-16 21:22:46


That's a great example and helps me explain what I'm trying to say. So you value your guitar, why? Well you said:


Okay, that's awesome. You get enjoyment from playing it for yourself and for other people. You value that guitar because it has created experience which help define you as a person and connect with other. That is a subjective value and I'd say that it's an important value. That is personal to you and means something don't let anyone tell you otherwise.
But when you went to purchase the guitar (assuming you bought it) how did you select it? What was your criteria for choosing the guitar? Assuming you aren't rich I can imagine your first criteria was price range. You had X amount of money to spend on a guitar and you had a limited selection which fit inside that price range. After determining which guitar's were within your price range you then set out to determine which guitar, you felt, would give you the most enjoyment in playing and how long would the guitar last for you to enjoy it. Determining the amount of enjoyment you can get from a guitar available within a set price range and it's length of use is a quantifiable and objective value measuring system. 
The next question we have to ask is, "how did you determine whether you'd enjoy playing the guitar?"
At the guitar store you demoed the guitar's which you had the money to buy. You played each guitar to hear how it sounded and as you played each guitar noticed that some sounded *better* than others. You then placed each guitar in hierarchy based on how they sounded. To determine which guitar sounded better you played each note. Each note is identifiable and objectively either note G, B, E etc., you cannot subjectively determine what the notes are being played, only objectively and you determined and then bought the guitar which objectively played best for your price range.
You picked the best guitar cause you knew that'd give you the most pleasure in playing. The best guitar is not something you subjectively felt was the best it was objectively the best guitar which you, through your skill as a musicians, determined to the best.
What I'm saying is that your guitar probably has subjective value in the time and events in which you played and has objective value for the quality of the craftsmanship and the quality of the sound which it makes. 
 
@_date: 2018-09-16 04:11:41
The dollar and belief. Eventually it will fully transition and be a thing of value itself.
@_date: 2018-09-16 04:12:30
Food has intrinsic value. Resources have intrinsic value.  Value can not just be wishy washy otherwise central planning would have succeeded. 
@_date: 2018-09-17 03:51:24
No you just do not want to be told that you're wrong. So you hide behind the shield of "Everything is subjective! It's my opinion! So it can't be wrong!". It's a pretty cowardly thing to do.


So here you compare math to the sound of a guitar and to the taste of ice cream. That's insane. What do they have in common? Math is math you can't change that. As for the sound of the guitar you might have a preference for a sort of guitar or style but some guitars are just quantifiably better than others. I will give you that there is an subjective element to music. Some people like the piano over the guitar for whatever reason, or the drums over the trumpet. But by the simple fact that some players are better than others proves that music is mostly objective.
As for comparing chocolate and vanilla ice cream it is such a bizarre point you bring up. I am not about to argue whether chocolate is better than vanilla because it's ice cream. If your whole argument rests of the chocolate v. vanilla debate then God help you.


That is not how objectivity works. Objectivity is true regardless of your feelings. Either the Bitcoin is a good idea regardless of how you and other people  feel about or it isn't. Stop hiding behind the shield of emotion and fragility. 


You're argument is literally, "I was born this way! I can't help it! Leave me alone!". Such a baby.
@_date: 2018-09-02 19:00:57
Or you could just do a tax on the stupid. Do something like the Illinois lottery.
@_date: 2018-08-26 22:55:34
@_date: 2018-10-06 02:50:29
Which is why he sold litecoin.
@_date: 2018-12-09 20:57:31
No I think there is enough evidence and reason to suppose that the materialistic view of consciousness is incorrect and self-awareness will not just emerge from a computer.
@_date: 2018-12-16 20:00:43
Reagan conservatives will be more open to block chain and crypto-currencies. Trump is kind of the wildcard, but he clearly despises the Fed. So I wouldn't be surprised if by the end of his second term he's started to make the issue a national topic.
@_date: 2018-12-17 20:43:37
It's a good sign when Mother Jones refers to him as an ultra-conservative it means the left is very afraid of him. He also has advocated to merge the dept. of education into the dept. of labor. [
@_date: 2018-12-17 20:32:59
Larry Kudlow is the same way. I think a lot of advisors around Trump hate the fed, but you can't be open about it if you want to work in Washington.