@_author: zorander22
@_date: 2018-01-18 22:10:56
Yet :)
@_date: 2018-01-17 15:53:05
You realize that there are more currencies than just USD, right? With bitcoin being accepted by businesses worldwide (even if selling right away), you could head to any country and be ok. You can carry arbitrarily large or small amounts of it. A widely accepted currency that you can send online and that nobody can prevent you from accepting is still a pretty powerful idea.
@_date: 2018-01-14 16:03:11


This may be one of the draws. Other draws include having money be outside of the government's ability to inflate. This is arguably a good or bad thing, depending on your views.
Another draw includes facilitating trade between different people in different places. Right now most people use credit cards when making online purchases. This can be costly to do, and there can be political reasons why someone is not allowed to use credit cards.
Cryptocurrencies have the potential to be both more and less anonymous/traceable, depending on which currency and how you're using it.
There are other reasons as well.


There is more than one country in the world. The value of cryptos is not based off of the dollar, but people often talk about the worth of bitcoin in their local currencies, as that's what they're used to valuing things with. If US dollars became worthless and bitcoins were still in use, you'd presumably be able to trade some bitcoins for goods and services.


Again, there's more than one country, and the internet is increasingly going to become reliant on satellites and be more resistant to particular problems. As an aside, the internet is also used for almost every other part of society now, and it would be disastrous for it to completely vanish, including for almost any other form of banking right now.
@_date: 2018-01-06 11:51:46
At the end of the video, the network aspect of the lightning network is shown. You need to watch to the end.
@_date: 2018-01-15 00:58:26
I would guess that most people reporting on bitcoin still don't actually know what they're talking about.
I'm sure excitement/hype will come, but it's still very early for the new network, so it's probably best if it flies under the radar for a little while to give more time to find and remove bugs.
@_date: 2018-01-17 16:06:06
There are more currencies than USD. The USD is not accepted in most countries. In most countries, things are not priced in USD.
From the perspective of a potential user of Bitcoin as a currency, it doesn't matter much if the business sells it immediately or not. It matters that you can use it. Being able to go to any country and not have to worry about exchanging money would be great.
@_date: 2018-01-17 16:16:10
You don't have to sell it though. If someone does, then that's their business.
Bitcoin and cryptocurrency in general is still a very early technology, and lots of things are changing. Price volatility is going to come with that. Presumably once things mature, volatility will drop and it may be feasible to actually price things in Bitcoin.
Regardless, that doesn't prevent people from using it now in whatever form they see fit. That's kind of the idea.
@_date: 2018-01-14 17:46:30
No problem! These are my views, so hopefully you get others to give you some other perspectives. 
Cryptocurrencies are still risky. It's possible (though increasingly unlikely) there's some sort of un-envisioned problem that will undermine how they work or their security. The idea is powerful, but easy to copy, so it's possible that as an-yet-uninvented cryptocurrency will corner the market, bringing down the value of all of them.
However, it seems increasingly likely that cryptocurrencies are here to stay. Bitcoin is relatively well-established, and there are a lot of people and resources that are working on further improving it (e.g. the lightning network). If you choose to buy/use cryptocurrencies, just make sure you do so safely. It also helps to have a long-term perspective, as all of the cryptocurrency markets are still pretty young, and tend to have dramatic swings, often over information that is wrong or exaggerated.
@_date: 2018-01-18 15:26:45
The code is still under development, so there's a good chance there are bugs in the software that could cause people to lose their bitcoins.
@_date: 2017-12-03 17:04:51
Two million to retire for one person?! I've heard that one heuristic is that drawing down 4% a year in a well-invested portfolio would perpetually support you, unless you get unlucky timing with the market when you first start drawing it. With two million dollars, that's $80,000 a year, which seems like quite a lot of money to live off of.
@_date: 2017-12-13 17:13:28
Increasing the decimal places doesn't have anything to do with inflation though. I agree, it's unlikely the majority of nodes will agree to inflate the number of bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-12-18 16:39:06
To a large extent, the number of coins is arbitrary. As there will be a fixed supply, you're better off thinking of whatever amount people have as being a fraction of the total worth of bitcoin.
I remember reading an article a few years ago that mentioned that a single bitcoin could be enough to be a functioning currency - we'd just have to allow further division of decimal places beyond the Satoshi.
As a side note, this is one of the reasons why I think some of the arguments against deflationary currencies don't apply so well to bitcoin. You can (with a hardfork) subdivide a bitcoin into an arbitrarily small number of pieces, so it's always possible to move an arbitrarily small value. With regular currency, that's not so easy to do, which then can cause problems with people no longer using any of their currency.
@_date: 2017-12-13 22:45:05
Bitcoin is likely still a good bet, given its recognition, the number of people working on it, and upcoming advances like the lightning network. 
Ethereum is increasingly popular, and seems like a good bet. From what I understand, it is more of a "programmable money" that can handle smart contracts.
Monero is also a good bet. It has many of the features of Bitcoin, but is designed with anonymity in mind. It is a lot harder/impossible for others to know who is sending money for what purpose. I believe it will also trail off production and then perpetually produce a small amount of new Monero, meaning that mining in the future won't be as dependent on fees for Monero compared to Bitcoin.
I am not an expert in either of these options, so you'd want to do more research - but I think there's promise to both of them.
@_date: 2017-12-18 14:24:39
There's a lot of potential in this "electricity" idea, but this business of moving electrons about is not valuable and not sustainable.
@_date: 2017-12-13 14:59:14
Why wouldn't they agree? The majority of nodes have agreed on other things in the past. Increasing the decimal places seems like it wouldn't be particularly controversial.
@_date: 2017-12-13 21:19:56
I am not affiliated with these charities, but I'd recommend giving [Charity Science]( a look.
They are a Canadian Charity that identifies the best, well-supported charities, where the smallest amount of money makes the biggest difference. They also have a [health specific]( site, as well as a [Charity Entrepreneur]( site that is working on creating non-profit organizations in places where there is a need and current gap.
I believe all of the above are Canadian initiatives, though I think [GiveWell]( serves a similar function in the US.
@_date: 2018-05-25 13:28:58
Right, in most markets people are not selling/prepared to sell a relatively large proportion of an asset. Bitcoin daily trade volume is nowhere near 25 trillion dollars. 
In addition to the amount sold by the trustee, there's still the large amount left over with some ambiguity of whether that will be dropped on the market or not. 
Also, I'm not sure where you're getting your 18 million figure from. On March 7th, the trustee indicated that they had sold 35,841 BTC between February and December. That is quite a bit more than 18 million dollars worth. Including Bitcoin Cash, they got around 400 million USD, with the majority of Bitcoin still potentially to dump. 
I'm really not sure what you mean by "artificial growth". Other assets work in the same way, but with more liquidity. If De Beers decided to dump their supply of diamonds on the market, the price of diamonds would drastically crash - there'd be a massive swing downward if they even threatened to do so. Just the past few years, we've seen oil take a massive fall due to a few actors dumping more supply on the market. This is exactly how markets function.
@_date: 2018-08-04 12:57:30
If the divisibility of bitcoin is increased (which it can be through a hard fork), then any fraction of a bitcoin could represent any arbitrarily large amount of value and still function.
@_date: 2018-08-14 13:55:57
As a wealthy prince, you've experienced the finest that life has to offer. You've traveled extensively, and seen the marvels of the world. Sadly, these marvels now grow stale. You long to travel to the stars, if only for a bit, and spend a portion of your vast wealth to secure a flight on a trip in orbit around the Earth. 
Unbeknownst to you, word of your trip has spread, and gave a vicious, well-funded group of mercenaries a bold idea. They have their own launch trip, aided by a country at odds with your nation, and are able to match your orbit. Special hardware is used to block all signals to or from Earth from your ship - the only signal you can get is from this new group of space brigands. 
They inform you that their ground team has captured your lovely wife and family. They will release them safely, but only if you send a sizable portion of your net worth. Naturally, you explain how you can't arrange this transfer if they're blocking all signals from you to Earth. Their malicious laughter fills the air as one replies that obviously a man of your means and technical knowledge would have secured a sizable chunk of Bitcoin, and would be able to pass along your brain wallet to them verbally. They're giving you five minutes to think about it before they give the order to kill your family.
You gaze out the window, tears in your eyes - even the majestic sight of the Earth from space cannot move you now. Do you send your Bitcoins to save your family? Keep your wealth? Or is the choice not even yours, from the great panic-selling of 2018?
@_date: 2014-06-03 19:07:38
Forced wealth redistribution is what's happening right now. This discussion is about how best to use that money so that society in general, and at the individual level benefit. A negative income tax is a superior system because of 1) in theory, cheaper bureaucracy to deal with a flat negative income tax then the system currently in place, and 2) it removes the disincentive to work that currently exists in welfare programs (as you lose benefits as your earning increases). This is the heart of the negative income tax versus welfare debate, or at least the part that I care about. 
Regarding the more general principle of "helping" in this manner in the absence of a government system, there are many interesting questions to consider that I definitely don't know the answer to, but I'd be interested in hearing your thoughts. There are certain social traps that can exist, where there appear to be incentives for individuals to act selfishly, to the greater detriment of society - tragedy of the commons type situations, financially helping poor people (individual cost, but society is better if there's reduced need for theft, unhappiness, better opportunity for education). I don't think the government is the best choice for resolving these social-trap type situations (in many cases it doesn't do a great job), but how to get a free society to choose the truly rational (i.e. net gain for everyone) option even when there's a short-term or individual incentive to not contribute is an interesting question. Do you have any ideas?
@_date: 2014-03-21 13:25:57
What problems are you referring to?
@_date: 2018-05-25 01:38:16
If anyone has relatively large proportion of an asset and sells/is likely to sell soon, wouldn't most markets act in the same way?
@_date: 2014-09-22 02:31:54
Your feeling is the way the word is frequently used by native speakers, even though technically (or at least historically) incorrect.
@_date: 2014-06-03 18:45:00


This is a great point, and is a feature of the system regardless of whether it's a welfare system or a negative income tax system, which is what this debate is about. I think the idea of nations in general is ridiculous, but the topic of this post isn't about abolition nations and governments in general, but about how best to modify what's currently in place.
@_date: 2014-06-03 18:42:32
Yes, we live in an unfortunate world where people are not easily able to opt-out of the current system. 
The discussion that we're having right now though, isn't about the benefits of no government versus government intervention. It's about how a government program is being put into place. I would far rather have a better option, which doesn't disincentive people from working, put into place than the current welfare system that we have right now. 
I think it is also good for us to discuss whether individuals really do benefit from helping others in society. If I'm right, and people in general really do benefit from helping others, then any rational person would agree with the importance of helping others. This is why we're talking right now, instead of me threatening you with physical violence. 
Now a discussion of the best way to go about this and whether the government is necessary at all is an excellent question, but is beside the point if the options are between welfare and a negative income tax.
@_date: 2014-06-03 13:20:51
The main choice seems to be between living in a society where people are suffering (insufficient food, clothes, etc) and one in which we help take care of each other. Many people value living in a society in which people in general are cared for - moreover, reduced income inequality appears to be related to overall societal happiness in most nations. 
It seems that caring for others really is a good thing - now the best question is how to do so. Current welfare programs often _disincentive_ working. If you get a job, you can lose the benefits you're getting. With a basic income or negative income system that replaces the currently welfare system, there is _always_ incentive to work, since you can always get more money. This also means that people could take more chances with their lives, since we'd all have that basic safety net with out social stigma or other concerns... people may be more willing to try starting a business or explore their talents, if they know they're not going to be homeless and starving if things work out poorly. It _may_ allow us as a society to more greatly benefit from the true pool of talent and skill in the human population, since this pool greatly exceeds what currently is contributed.
@_date: 2014-06-04 13:27:39
When did I summarily dismiss voluntary charity? I strongly believe voluntary charity is a good thing; I don't think I would dismiss it. I think that right now, if voluntary charity is the _only_ avenue for providing services and assistance to people, we would end up with more people who are overlooked - just look around throughout this post at the people railing against this idea because they don't want to give money to lazy people, without ever looking into whether the people involved are lazy. Because of our misperceptions and cognitive biases, it is exceedingly easy for individuals to overlook or misinterpret who needs what assistance. If there's a systematic pattern to these misperceptions, then at least a portion of people will be chronically under-helped by voluntary charity. I think the best solution is helping people overcome these misperceptions, but a good solution is also in the form of public services paid for through taxation. 
Regarding the system actually being proposed by the organization, I think you have good points, and I see why people would be very upset. I think the most important discussion we could have right now (if you wish to continue the conversation), is regarding property. If you're willing, could you explain some of your views on property to me? Where does it come from, how does the relationship between people work regarding it?
@_date: 2014-01-16 21:00:17
So a company won't accept bitcoin because it believes that those same bitcoins will be worth more in the future? That sounds like the opposite of true. 
Companies aren't receiving less _value_ if the value of bitcoins increases, even though they may be receiving a smaller fraction of a bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-06-03 18:16:06
I agree that taking care of people is great when it's voluntary. I think taking care of people is still _good_ (not great), even when it's not voluntary. As much as we might wish otherwise, we are affected by what other people in the same society are doing, and the more truly poor a society has, almost everyone is worse off in that society. Assuming that there is insufficient good-will (or perhaps awareness) to help ensure everyone is meeting some sort of minimum standard of living, I think it makes sense for some sort of organization (a role currently performed by the government) to help address this. 
Regarding incentivising non-production, I'd argue that's what we do right now, but would not be done in a reverse income-tax system. Right now, people who work a little more end up losing benefits, so the better choice can sometimes be not to work. In a reverse income-tax system, everyone is receiving money regardless (though most people in the system are receiving money that they paid in). This means that there is no disincentive to work, because you are not losing any benefits. There is still lots of incentive to work, as money can be used to purchase goods and services. 
@_date: 2014-03-13 21:59:15
Well, there's always something like [this](
@_date: 2014-06-03 18:23:55
The negative income tax is a system that _eliminates_ the disincentives to working. By most measures, it seems like a far more rational system than what we have now. Here's [Milton Friedman]( explaining the benefits of a negative income tax. In case you're unaware of this, Milton Friedman is not exactly known for his Marxist ideology. 
@_date: 2014-03-14 03:49:51
Check out gridcoin!
@_date: 2014-06-08 03:43:08
Overwhelmingly well-said with a great deal of information. I'm working my way though it; thank you for putting this together.
@_date: 2014-05-29 13:13:12
You too - great job to your community with Nascar sponorship!
@_date: 2014-06-18 18:20:12
Wow, thank you! I think it's rare that people see much value in opinions they disagree with, I appreciate the comment (and the tip!).
@_date: 2014-06-05 03:50:53
Thank you for taking the time to lay out your position in great depth! I imagine I'll have more questions as we go on, but my first set will revolve around the purpose of property being "avoiding the negative-sum behaviour that arises under simple possession". I think your explanation makes a great deal of sense. 
What I'm having trouble seeing right now is the distinction between property and government, in terms of the reasons for the existence of these concepts, and the role that they play in societies, as well as the failings that often come with them. Both in theory are avoiding negative-sum behaviour (if I'm understanding the term correctly). Both strive to create some sort of predictability. Both are invented concepts that are supposed to help us navigate the world. Both end up curtailing our freedoms in some respects (what we're able to use and do in the world). 
I'm unclear of why one of these concepts is seen as an overall positive in your system, and the other is seen as an overall negative, given what (to me) appear to have a shared purpose and many of the same flaws.
@_date: 2014-06-03 18:31:29
Should you suffer is someone else is too lazy to get a job? 
Also, I think you are far overweighting the importance of laziness, and far underweighting how stupid the current system is.
@_date: 2014-06-04 13:17:45
I'm not sure what you're referring to. People already pay for welfare with their taxes. This would be a better way to spend that money.
@_date: 2014-06-03 18:25:54
There is fairly clearly a lot of middle ground regarding _how much_ we help. If we do not help, people will suffer. 
Are you sure you understand the proposal? [Milton Friedman's explanation will do a better job than I will at explaining the benefits](
@_date: 2014-06-05 03:42:10
History shows that people often do act as children. I don't think the government is a good "mommy" or "daddy", which is why I think the optimum solution for any system revolves around education. 


It's the extremists in any group that often end up alienating the general population, despite the good points they might otherwise have rallied around... and it is the general population you want to win over. Forcing people into a freedom that many of them don't want (or don't think they want) is against the principle you're fighting for; you need to win over people in general.
@_date: 2014-01-02 01:08:18
That article does not at all discuss the modern practices of the scientific study of psychology. Falsifiable theories, random assignment to condition, and double-blind procedures are frequently used. I'm not saying that all of the research is of equal calibre, but you should be aware that there is a scientific study of psychology that is often quite separate from diagnoses.
@_date: 2014-06-03 20:27:24
Great link, I donate to Give Directly :) I find it shocking how little information there is about the effectiveness of a lot of charities, it makes it hard to be an informed giver.
@_date: 2014-06-03 18:09:11
You do understand that it's possible to set up a system that includes almost no difference in terms of the monetary amount people are receiving, without the disincentives currently in place regarding working? 
And yes, there is obviously a whole lot of medium options. But if we don't provide any help, there will be people who suffer, which was why I phrased what I wrote this way.
@_date: 2014-06-04 13:14:11


Perhaps you disagree, but I do think there is a difference between stealing, and taking resources involuntarily to provide a service that wasn't asked for (but that ideally benefits people). Parents take away things from children all the time, to stop them from hurting themselves - yet few of us consider that stealing. Someone may reasonably take away the gun from their friend who is facing incredible anger or grief, to help them not make a mistake. Regardless of what you call it, the important question is whether doing something is better than the major alternatives. 


Sure, except that is not what happens. People are very limited, some of them greatly overweight their own happiness and benefit compared to other people, and individuals are often blind to the long-term consequences of their actions. This is why you end up with collapsed fisheries, long-term environmental degradation with long-term repercussions for short-term profit. Ideally a government is in place to provide incentives to reduce or eliminate negative externalities, which people do because they have biased judgments in how their evaluating the self and others through time. 


I think this is a great point, and I do see government actions (or at least the expectation that the government should be handling certain things) as a barrier to other forms of collective action. Do you have any suggested reading or resources regarding the historical effectiveness of these efforts? 


I agree, though I think it's also worthwhile to switch to better options within the government. Just because there is an ideal solution (that may be hard to get to), doesn't mean it's not worth considering and implementing incomplete solutions that are faster to put into practice.
@_date: 2014-06-03 19:33:02
I think it's certainly more than a slight makeover for the pig, given the benefits it would have over the current system, but I understand a lack of interest for those who are more concerned with true libertarian ideals. I don't understand libertarian opposition to the ideas, given that a negative income tax would be more in-line with those ideals than welfare. 
I don't think I ever said that a welfare state is necessary. I think that acting to benefit everyone is beneficial, and I think that helping ensure a minimum quality of life for everyone is one of those things where everyone gains in the long-term. This really is the crux of the matter; if this is true, then getting people to help versus not is a matter of education, information and perspective. If it's not true, then it's still a matter of education information and perspective. 
One of the most disturbing things in this comment thread was seeing people dismiss a negative income tax as "marxist" and college students who are demanding things, without recognizing the benefits to society, and the long-run benefits to the self, and not seeing that their criticisms more strongly apply to the system today than the alternative. I think regardless of whether there's a strong government, a weak government, or no government, everyone benefits when people are educated, healthy and wise. My personal interest is in assisting people in getting there - that way, no matter what system we're in, it will be a success. Without this, no matter the system we're in, we'll have a great deal of suffering and poor choices.
@_date: 2014-06-03 18:21:09
Let's examine this a little more closely. 
Right now there is welfare, which costs the government (really the taxpayer) billions of dollars. Why is this not already causing the poor to flood countries and get benefits? Either it's already happening, or they are not citizens and so not receiving benefits. 
In a reverse income tax situation, you could set it up so that it would replace the payouts given by the government. It could in theory cost the same amount (though the amount would likely not be a "livable" amount). The numerical value of the benefits could be the same under the existing system. The non-citizens issue would be exactly the same. 
Here's a short clip of [Milton Friedman]( explaining this.
@_date: 2014-01-08 15:47:50
It is ridiculously optimistic, but I've never seen anything that suggests it is a scam.
@_date: 2014-06-03 18:06:52
I think it's pretty obvious that there are whole shades of in-between possibilities between dying in gutters or a "glorious redistribution program". I also think it's pretty obvious (though maybe I'm wrong about this - let me know if you disgree), that if we do not help other people, there _will_ be people dying in the gutters. I think the question of _how much_ we help people is an absolutely critical one in terms of implementation, but not such an important one in deciding whether there should be help or not.
@_date: 2014-02-11 18:26:11
There's [this]( It hasn't been updated in some time - you need to have at least .01 to cash out, and there's a .01 transaction fee. Given current mining difficulty, I think you're in for a very long wait with any browser miner!
@_date: 2014-01-20 18:18:39
Do you have any idea when the .91 beta release for windows would happen? It would make it a lot easier for turning old laptops into offline wallets.
@_date: 2014-01-17 23:33:58
Thank you! I've been hoping to come across something like this for ages, I'm not sure how I missed it!
@_date: 2018-10-12 01:29:32
Really? Right now the median transaction fee to get confirmed within the next six blocks is 3 cents: [ If you want next block confirmation, the median transaction fee to be included is a whopping 6 cents.
Transaction fees got really high for fairly short period of time: [
For some reason, this has continued to be used as a talking point as though it's still a current issue. In addition to the decreased transaction volume, exchanges began batching more, adoption of segwit increased, and the lightning network came online, all of which increase the capacity of Bitcoin and will help with higher levels of volume in the future.
If there's an oligopoly of miners in China, there are some straightforward solutions to that. Increase mining elsewhere. If China is using cheaper energy due to lax environmental standards, increase pressure for higher environmental standards, and increase the availability of energy in other places (increased investment in renewable energy with balancing high-generation low-demand times with Bitcoin mining, at least until storage technology improves) - both of which have the added benefit of helping improve our global energy system regarding climate change. Have publicly owned bitcoin mining if governments have strong concerns with China if this is still an issue - it has the benefits of increasing the security of Bitcoin, decreasing any potential issues with relying on China, and has the potential to generate a profit for different governments.
@_date: 2018-06-03 23:45:51
I am optimistic about the long term prospects of Bitcoin. It sounds like you've looked at its history - I'm not sure if there has ever been a more volatile asset than Bitcoin, so keep in mind that over the short-to-medium term, the worth of your Bitcoin may go far up or far down. I think in the long-term it will go up much higher, but it could still go to almost nothing. 
If you buy Bitcoin, make sure that you are extremely careful - move it to a private wallet (look up cold storage for anything you're not hoping to spend).
Keep track of how much you buy and what the cost is. 
Regarding timing the market, this is notoriously difficult - Bitcoin's history is littered with people who made some money day-trading, only to lose on unexpected swings. People here will often find a short-lived pattern that soon vanishes, and many people will confidently predict what will happen in the short term, despite how often they are wrong. 
If you're interested in investing in general, buying index funds that track whole markets is an excellent choice. These tend to have low expense ratios (much lower than traditional mutual funds), and over the long term have consistently done well. View Bitcoin as something with a great deal of potential and risk - try balancing this out with some other investments.
@_date: 2018-06-22 21:34:25
Your message could have been shared at many points in Bitcoin's history. It's possible that this is it, and everyone is disillusioned... but I think that's unlikely. 
Bitcoin is continuing to gain respectability - it was recently mentioned in the US Supreme Court. Some people who were previously adamantly against it are now more tempered, at least in what they publicly say (e.g., Jamie Dimon). There are people who still seem to associate Bitcoin with high fees, despite that being a quite short period, with actual improvements in the transaction situation since that time (exchanges batching, increasing adoption of segwit, and development of the lightning network). This also reflects continued advancements in the technology, with many people continuing to contribute their time to make it better.
Any bad news today (aside from the price) seems to be easily interpretable as good news - Mt. Gox's creditors will be able to receive Bitcoin rather than cash, helping reduce the massive amount of coins in Mt. Gox's control, and redistributing them back to the people who should own them. There are stricter regulations for exchanges being imposed in Japan, which could either be seen as bad by those who advocate for complete freedom to transfer and exchange wealth, or good news for people who favour some sort of official oversight or legitimacy.
As near as I can tell, the only really bad news lately is the price. This has happened before. It will probably happen again. There doesn't seem to be any reason (to me) to suspect that this time really is different, and Bitcoin is on a permanent decline.
@_date: 2018-06-22 21:45:10
Gone _for now_, which has happened multiple times throughout Bitcoin's history. If it's gone for good, that would be ideal, as that type of thinking is one of the things that contributes to the volatility, which interferes with Bitcoin's use as a currency, but I doubt it.
@_date: 2019-02-02 12:07:25
As near as I can tell, the only really bad news has been the price.
In October 2017, going in to December, the network was getting congested, due to increased interest, and (possibly) people intentionally spamming the network to promote Bcash.
Segwit adoption has grown, increasing the functional capacity of the network. Batching transactions happens more now. Lightning is allowing many transactions to occur off chain - the Bitcoin capacity and technology for Lightning keeps improving. Bitcoin transaction fees on chain have been hovering around the lowest level in years, though occasionally they're still spiking (you sometimes see people unnecessarily paying upwards of 1000 satoshis per byte, when 1-5 generally gets cleared within a few blocks).
The hashrate in October 2017-December 2017 was hitting never before seen levels of upwards of 10,000,000 TH/s. We now have 4 to 4.5 times that (there was a dip around November/December 2018).
The latest attempts to dismiss Bitcoin seem largely based around the idea that it is bad for the environment, and the idea that interest peaked and is not going to return. The "bad for the environment" train of thought often appears to not take into account how energy is actually being used, a clear comparison to alternatives, and usually takes the form of "It takes X amount of energy to send 6 transactions a second!", while another way to look at it would be "it takes x amount of energy to mine 12.5 bitcoin, and almost no additional energy for transactions!" - in other words, the comparisons are often nonsensical, or at least failing to take into account the whole system.
Lightning appears to be doing a great job of increasing the network capacity. Some people have argued that it won't work, apparently refusing to take a look and understand that it is already working. People discuss problems with hubs and centralization , apparently not realizing that new channels can be opened to anyone by anyone, so if there is any sort of issue with a hub forming, many cheap easy ways around the hub are readily available. Some people discuss problems with creating links between nodes in this kind of network due to the most efficient set of steps being an unsolved problem, apparently not recognizing that you just need a "good enough" solution for lightning to be effective.
I know people have spoken about how "this time is different", and everyone has heard of Bitcoin now, so it's never coming back - but Bitcoin has been through this cycle before, and I really don't think it's different now. Things continue to improve, and eventually people will clue in to the potential more. In the meantime, Bitcoin itself is working better than ever, and if you wind the clock back just a few years, what we have now would be seen as an incredible achievement, including the price.
@_date: 2019-02-16 20:35:18
It seems like the response over there is to say that it will never work, listing some reasons, in defiance of the fact that it _already works_. 
@_date: 2019-06-06 13:34:15
In reading through your comments, it seems like you may be combining centralization with consensus. I think most people use the term centralization to refer to some sort of authority, or having few points of failure. Decentralization refers to there being no particular authority, and not having few points of failure (the system can continue working if there are redundancies if some parts of it stop working).
Centralization comes with enforcing some sort of standard or rules. Decentralized systems can still act together if there is consensus about those rules. With Bitcoin, anyone _could_ run different rules, but if others don't agree, then that particular miner/node won't spread. That's not because of centralization, it's because of the consensus of a decentralized system.
Banks are one rung of a centralized system. For people who have funds with a bank, it is the bank's ledgers that matter. Your private record keeping, or the private record keeping of all of the people with funds in a bank, don't influence the bank's ledgers - causation goes the other way. The bank changes something, which leads you to update your own private record keeping. You could disagree, and talk to people at the bank to try to get some sort of change, but you are appealing to the bank authority.
This is a fundamentally different process compared to bitcoin. There is no private ledger with authority that you would be able to appeal to. The only ledger that exists is the distributed one, there is no single Bitcoin authoritative ledger. Most nodes agree on that ledger, so there is consensus, but who has the authority to change the ledger are the nodes in aggregate, with the consensus that develops amongst them. 
Consensus doesn't mean that something is centralized. Centralization/decentralization refers to the mechanism for how things are determined, not whether there is agreement or consistency.
@_date: 2019-06-06 13:04:41
I think your interpretation of centralization is different from what most people mean.


That's the opposite of what Bitcoin is. A single ledger would mean a single point of failure, and relying on whoever is maintaining that ledger to keep accurate records and not change it. With Bitcoin, everyone mining or running a node has the ledger, as it is a distributed ledger.
Bitcoin isn't just open source, the actual functioning of bitcoin is distributed.
@_date: 2017-11-26 19:14:17
I just got a notification that my post was auto-removed for linking to a subreddit that prefers not to be linked to from here... There was a personal finance Canada post indicating that it's now possible to hold funds that hold crypto in a TFSA or RRSP.
Look for ETN (Stockholm Exchange) through TD or National Bank TFSA or RRSP fund.
You might want to look into it :)
More info is available [here](
@_date: 2019-04-21 08:58:03


That's not actually true (though to be fair the longer term effect not showing is what the Vox article said. Here's what the actual paper says):




You said:


Let's consider a different example. Imagine that richer families tend to provide more resources to learn to read to their kids - they have lots of books in the house, have time to read to their kids, and when there are problems, hire professionals to help their kids overcome them to learn to read. Imagine we then did a reading test at a young age, which then predicted how well kids did at university. This situation could be analogous to what's going on with the marshmallow study.
Being able to read better at an early age really could cause you to do better in university. This means that teaching kids to read better might really help them. It is also possible that the improved performance in university is because of other benefits that come from having a wealthy family, or that family wealth is correlated with something else (like a genetic predisposition for intelligence). Unfortunately, statistically you can't distinguish between reading well at an early age causing improvements later in life, and them merely being correlated. To be able to distinguish those possibilities, you'd need an experimental study.


Those 20 seconds might be particularly predictive, but they have limited the the predictive ability of the test by having participants repeatedly bump up against the top of the measure. From the article:


Many kids were hitting the upper end of the scale. This is called a "ceiling effect" - people really would go higher, but the measure is artificially constraining them. This causes a decrease in the strength of the effect you observe - kind of like if you wanted people to have a race to measure their endurance, but you only had them run a few hundred feet. A lot of predictive power will be present for the people who struggle to run a few hundred feet without getting winded, but you are cutting out a huge amount of predictive ability by treating everyone who could easily run a few hundred feet the same way.
I think replications are good to do. This wasn't a failure to replicate though, but it does help remind people about the possible issues with the correlational design of the first study. However, they made a few really bad choices methodologically, and seem to be misrepresenting their results, though I understand how your conclusion would make a lot of sense for people outside of the field.
@_date: 2019-04-20 17:52:21
The study did replicate, even though it was with a different group and they shortened the test involved. It says that in the article you linked to, though it pointed out the effect size was smaller (coincidentally, shortening the test would also reduce the effect size, as long as participants were bumping up against the upper limit of the test - you're losing useful variability by doing that).
The relationship is no longer significant if you control for other factors like family background or intelligence. That means it's possible the relationship is only there because of intelligence and family background. However, it's also possible that intelligence and family background largely cause differences in self control ability, which then leads to different outcomes. Statistically, the two are indistinguishable - you'd need to randomly assign kids to be able to resist temptation or not, and then come back years later to see how they did in life.
As a side note, this study is not the longest-running for human participants. That would be Lewis Terman's study on intelligence.
@_date: 2019-04-23 00:15:34


No problem, I don't mind a prolonged conversation, as long as you're still interested.


The results are that there was a significant relationship to achievement at age 15, but that this relationship is no longer statistically significant when you control for a bunch of other things, including the things they controlled for at the same age as the measure. The problem is that if any of those controls cause differences in the ability to delay gratification (or are even just correlated with causes of the ability to delay gratification), controlling for them statistically removes part of the real relationship between self-control ability and achievement later in life.


The main model for a causal relationship is that delaying gratification is something that kids learn to varying degrees. Having learned those skills then pays off later in life, with people being able to forgo short-term fun activities in favour of activities with a longer-term payoff. It's not actually that implausible of a model, but relies on a few main assumptions (kids are unlikely to develop the ability to delay gratification independently of their persistent family environment is one of the main assumptions), but given that, it is likely that some kids are able to delay gratification more than others, and also plausible that this is a skill that leads to benefits throughout life for those who learn it.


My apologies for the lack of clarity, my point about time was that they shortened the timeframe involved in their measure, so that a huge proportion of kids hit against the 7 minute max. This alone would greatly lower the size of the effect they'd be able to observe, with 45% of the low SES kids and 68% of the high SES kids waiting for the full 7 minutes. Aside from decreased strength of effect that would come from a more variable sample, having so many participants max out the primary measure is a major issue with the paper, and is the main reason why they label it as a "conceptual replication" rather than a straight-up replication. I'm amazed that they still found any relationship, given this issue.
The other major departure in this paper was that mother's ratings of behaviour later in life wasn't predicted by the delay of gratification measure. If I had to guess, this would be because of either the increased variability in internalizing and externalizing behaviour among lower SES kids due to other causes, or that mother's ratings of these behaviours are less reliable in this sample for some reason (more likely to work multiple jobs, or potentially less attentive to their kids). However, there is another problem here. The authors of the replication say this:


Unfortunately, that's not what Shoda et al did. From the Shoda et al article:


present subsample returned the CCQ (46 subjects were described by
both parents, 3 by father only, and 18 by mother only). In the second
mailing, parents of 100 subjects returned the CCQ (64 subjects were
described by both parents, 9 by father only, and 27 by mother only).
When both father and mother returned the CCQ describing their
child, a composite CCQ description was formed by averaging the father's and mother^ descriptions.
This appears to be a case where the new authors have misrepresented things. Having more ratings of the same person will (as long as there's some accuracy) improve the quality of the ratings. This increases their reliability, which allows for stronger relationships to be found - having less reliable measures decreases the strength of the effects, as there is more noise. Most of the participants in the Shoda et al study had two parents rating them on important measures, compared to just one.
What's even more baffling is that the new "replication" used different measures - internalizing and externalizing behaviours - rather than the measures that Shoda et al used that were specifically assessing parents' perceptions of the self-control abilities of their child. I don't know why they made this decision, but using a different measure that isn't even tapping into the same idea means that it's not suprising they didn't replicate the previous results.
In short, even with the new replication messing up the main measure in a way that would decrease the relationship, and using a more variable sample which would likely decrease the strength of the relationship, they still found significant effects. When they didn't find significant effects, they were using entirely new measures, or were controlling for factors that might actually cause differences in the ability to delay gratification of the kids.
It is very possible that there is no causal impact of the delay-of-gratification measure in the original Mischel paper on later behaviour - the original studies were correlational, and so any causal possibility is merely a possibility, rather than having substantive evidence. However, this paper provides no evidence that would contradict a causal account, which is still plausible. I think the main things this paper brings is a somewhat successful replication (as in, some of the original results replicated), a reminder that the original study was correlational, and highlights some good practices to avoid if you're trying to do a replication (like messing up your main measure, and changing other methods that undermine the ability to test the original findings).
@_date: 2012-10-18 23:03:04
It might want to mention that already the majority of currency is electronic. Bills and coins make up a small fraction of the currency that is exchanged - the bulk of money is already electronic, at least for US currency.
@_date: 2012-04-01 17:20:12
That was cruel :P
@_date: 2012-12-31 17:23:08
If a deflationary currency encourages saving and makes a greater barrier for investing (since the investment will have to beat deflation to make it worth it), this is probably a positive thing for the world, and even for the economy too. It will encourage wiser use of the resources of the planet; our economies right now don't really take into account the long-term, causing a lot of negative externalities in the degradation of the environment. Our current way of doing things is not sustainable, nor is it good (people often spend their money on needless junk that doesn't make them happier in the long run, and doesn't last either).
What we should be asking is what increases the _value_ that people have in their lives, which is not necessarily the same as currency... and right now the last thing people (or the rest of life on this planet) needs is more consumption and more reckless investing. 
If what you're claiming is true, that a deflationary currency encourages saving rather than spending, and makes investing more cautious (which itself may be doubtful based on what people are saying), that itself would be a good reason to adopt in, given the present state of valuing short term profits over long-term value in the environment and our lives.
@_date: 2018-03-26 00:47:41
Thanks for taking the time to continue to respond and share what you know. I'll think over how this impacts my beliefs and assumptions. I appreciate it!
@_date: 2018-03-27 00:01:10


Why is this not true for supply inelastic resources like land? With the way you're describing investments (creating value buy merely buying stocks, increasing the price of the stock for companies), would the same not hold true here? People who buy and hold land increase the value of other land. Those land owners could sell that land, and use that money for consumption or investments. Why does your example work for one set but not another?
I strongly disagree that increasing the price of a stock is actually contributing value. It seems like it is potential value - this increase in price _could_ be used to raise more funds which _could_ be invested either wisely or foolishly by the company in question. 
The same is true for people who own Bitcoin, or other inelastic investments. The higher price means that they _could_ sell it and use those funds to create more value in the world. If merely buying and holding stock increases value in your view, then buying and holding Bitcoin should do the same.


There is a very big fundamental difference, which is your ability to influence the actions of that company. Buying a company allows you to control the actions of that company. Buying a small fraction of a company offers you almost no ability to do so. They are qualitatively different - a majority share in a company offers immense power compared to other options.


You haven't explained why elasticity in supply is necessary, and with the reasoning you've given so far, it's not necessary.


I don't think anybody is expecting or predicting Bitcoin to reach an equilibrium, if by equilibrium you mean 0% change in value. This is not a bad thing (or if it is, all currencies suffer from the same problem).


Except with greater adoption, the value is going _up_ on average over time, which is exactly what you'd want if you want an increasing number of people to adopt it over time.


It seems more likely to me that we saw merchant adoption go down for the reasons they have claimed - for a while, transaction fees and times were both increasing, which made the problem of fluctuations in values a problem. Segwit is now prevalent, more transactions are being batched, and we now have a lightning network which can be used to nearly instantly send bitcoin for nearly non-existent fees. Once these tools become more widely known, and with increasing familiarity and user-friendliness, I predict we'll see increasing merchant adopt - so for this, I'm ok to wait and see.


This is a currency that can be sent anywhere in the world online without the use of a trusted third party. It offers pseudonymous transactions (potentially with anonymous transactions in the future, depending on how the technology develops). It can allow remittances without the large fees customarily required. There is a fixed amount, which increases its desirability for many. 
There is absolutely speculation and day trading going on, but this is based on a technology that really does have a lot of potential, and capability to do things that couldn't (or couldn't easily) have been done before.
@_date: 2018-03-26 00:40:11
Thanks for response.


That's true, and I see the usefulness of loans. I got the sense that a good proportion of wealth is in investments, rather than loans. I see the usefulness of initial investments to allow a company to grow, but it seems like a good chunk of investments after that aren't about producing value, but are about getting the rewards of the production of a company, due to shared ownership in it. 


I did indeed mean deflationary.


I see how more people using a currency increases its usefulness, but it's not clear to mean that there's some specific percent of people that is required for it to be useful or worthless.
@_date: 2018-03-25 19:50:17


I'd think that some of this difficulty would be due to mainly relying on coins coming from and being distributed from a central authority.  In reading up about the Great Bullion Famine that you mentioned, mints closed down or decreased production, due to lack of availability of metal. There were also problems among the population particularly with a scarcity of small denominations of coinage. The problems really seem to be due to the limitations of coins based on particular metals.


From what I understand, deflation typically follows from a decrease in the availability of money, and it is this scarcity or problems with small denominations of money that seem to be causing the real problem. Aside from that, it makes sense that a high rate of deflation would cause problems for consumer spending... just as a high rate of inflation causes problems. Most people seem willing to spend on phones and computers, even when that same money will buy them better options a few years later. People's desire to put off spending is not infinite, and it doesn't seem reasonable to assume that a minor deflation rate would cause massive problems any more than a minor inflation rate would.


It seems plausible to me that the problem is a decreasing money supply, specifically a scarcity of smaller denominations and inability to price things in a more fluid way due to the shortcomings of the currency. This inability to correctly price things interferes with people's ability to use that money.
You'd suggested reading up on deflation - some of my thoughts above were based off of [this piece]( when I found searching. I'm also largely relying on the wikipedia article right now for an overview of [the Great Bullion Famine](


It doesn't seem clear to me that Gresham's law applies here. It looks like the law is about having two currencies that are _required_ to be accepted at some sort of face value, with one consisting of more valuable material than the other. Without law forcing them to be accepted at the same face value, there's no reason one to drive the other out, for the same reason that the use of dimes doesn't drive out dollars. 


If the value of the currency is increasing at the same rate that the money supply is decreasing, why would the percentage of the supply needing to be spent on foreign trade grow? It seems like it should be constant.
@_date: 2019-01-26 10:52:08
What I heard from his statement wasn't that Bitcoin was one of many. It was that Bitcoin is it for the robust sound money in an adversarial system. Perhaps there will be a few other cryptocurrencies with staying power due to having some sort of particular use or niche.
I don't see much in the way of him trying to jump ship - if he wants to talk about Ethereum, the more knowledge out there, the better - but those statements aren't ones you make if you're looking to just hop onto the most convenient bandwagon. Though I suppose we'll see.
@_date: 2018-03-26 00:41:43
It still is divisible. Fees are quite low, and nearly non-existent on the lightning network. 
@_date: 2018-11-12 00:15:27
The article doesn't seem to discuss how Sweden used to be a utopia, nor how being cashless has made it worse or prevented it from being a utopia.
Edit: Or is it meant as in cashless societies are possible and no longer a dream?
@_date: 2018-03-25 15:21:38
From what I understand, Bitcoin is more or less infinitely divisible (with a fork, we could include indefinitely more decimal places). Because of this, a single bitcoin, or any fraction of a bitcoin, can work to represent an arbitrarily large amount of wealth.
I'd think that the first problem you're describing would be partly due to the physical challenges of doing this with traditional commodity money, which wouldn't matter with Bitcoin. If this is not true, can you explain the nature of the problem, or point to some suggested reading?
Regarding your second point, it seems like this problem is symmetric. There's a large incentive to not accept an inflationary currency; it's inflating. On the flip side, there is an incentive to accept a deflationary currency. In every transaction, there's both a buyer and a seller. Presumably these interests balance out.
I think the real solution to this is that relatively low levels of inflation or deflation aren't that much of a problem in terms of transactions, as people know what to expect and can forecast appropriately, and aren't highly impacted in the short run. I'd guess that it's only with large or unpredictable amounts of inflation or deflation that problems occur. 
@_date: 2018-02-04 03:14:29


There are some that do that... and there are others that don't. Consider the lightning network. This is an endeavour built on top of bitcoin that makes it function better for daily purchases. They produced a new service on top of bitcoin.


You realize that you're talking about a span that was less than a weak long, right? And that the current fee to have your transaction included in the next block is less than $2? And innovations have been and are being put into place to deal with increased transaction volume in the future?


Except I didn't say stocks, I said dollars. Dollars aren't producing anything directly. 


And people can do the same with bitcoin.


There are likely some who see it this way, but by no means is this the way everyone with bitcoin thinks.


In the same way that nothing is getting made with other money, perhaps... but even then that's not true, as Bitcoin is enabling other innovations.


Only in the sense of every other investment that is taking value from other investors. Bitcoin facilitates better commerce, at least in some cases. The value of Bitcoin is in what it allows people to do, and what couldn't be done before.


As I said, not if the price stabilizes about something higher than nothing. Consider when Bitcoin first began and it was more or less valued at nothing. People eventually traded it, and create a market for it. People who used to have $0 of value from Bitcoin now had more... let's say $10. If the price stabilized at $10 for the rest of  time, who has lost money?
It is only zero sum if the true value of Bitcoin is $0 and it returns there.
@_date: 2019-01-26 11:13:43
By Bitcoin not being one of many, I mean that it's not "only a part of the myriad of cryptocurrencies" that you mentioned before (I was reading that to mean only a small part, or one among many competitors at a roughly equal level). Bitcoin will likely be the dominant cryptocurrency, but there can be many ephemeral currencies that are created and quickly fade to nothing, with perhaps a few others lasting. That's why I said perhaps there will be a few other cryptocurrencies with staying power.
The video you shared doesn't contradict this at all. Where you linked to in the video, he says we'll have millions of altcoins... "to organize local communities, to express bands... for short term, for fads".
There is an extremely low barrier to entry to create an altcoin. However, as near as I can tell, Andreas has been consistent in the view that Bitcoin has cornered the market on the the sound, robust money portion of the purposes for cryptocurrency.  Most of the alts won't have staying power, though maybe a few will have some sort of niche purposes that allow them to last - Ethereum may be one of these.
@_date: 2018-03-27 00:10:46


Why do wealthy people now invest in things other than GICs and extremely safe investments? This would allow them to have very safe investments, with rates that are above inflation, with more than enough money to live off of. Yet many choose to invest their money in far riskier things - why?
Many people don't want something that keeps them at mostly the same level - they want to grow, to gain more. This would be true with an inflationary or deflationary currency - many people will take chances and invest, trying to beat what other people are doing. I do see how a deflationary currency would reduce investment where there's a low expected rate of return, but there'd be other investments available.
If everyone stopped investing, the economic output would no longer grow, and Bitcoin (if it was the sole world currency) would then no longer be deflationary, as there'd be no expansion of products and services that would need to be represented by the same amount of currency.
Moreover, having one currency that really is accepted and trusted world wide would likely facilitate new investments. People could sell goods and services to a broader market, as people would not need to worry about difficulty and costs of currency conversion. In the past, facilitating trade has generally had a positive impact on people - a universally accepted currency would certainly have the impact of facilitating trade. Your analysis seems to focus on potential negatives without considering potential positives.
@_date: 2018-03-25 22:04:45
Thanks for the clear responses.


Did most people making use of the currency have the capability of testing purity and dividing it? Do you have any suggested books on how currency operated during this period of history?


I'd guess that this is a response to the possibility of massive deflation/increase of value of Bitcoin. If the price stabilizes with a relatively minor rate of deflation, I have trouble believing that most people would change their spending patterns in substantial way.


This really seems to only apply when currencies are artificially forced to have the same value regardless of the underlying worth of them. With floating exchange rates, the "bad" currency should reduce in worth until it is no longer bad. An open market should eliminate these kinds of situations.


I see - so with a high demand good, the economy suffers damage before import volumes adjust when using commodity money. What's the nature of the damage? With fiat money, I guess the solution would be printing more money, leading to inflation, is this right?
@_date: 2018-03-27 23:26:47
So elastic purchasing is beneficial, as it increases production, while inelastic purchasing is not beneficial as it doesn't increase production. If people aren't actually using the steel yet, doesn't this current production come through reduced production in the future, as the steel needed for the future is already produced? It seems like elastic supply purchasing would only really create value to the extent that it maintains a relatively stable rate of production over time (assuming that the production matches up with use, and that ramping up or ramping down production has additional costs to it that wouldn't be there with a consistent rate of production). Purchasing steel and increasing consumption when there's already a glut could then make for harder times in the future if demand for steel (temporarily) crashes, due to the excess supply that people have been buying. If that's true, that implies that purchasing/investing in inelastic goods does not always increase value, but can under some circumstances decrease it as well.


This money doesn't exist in a vacuum - if somebody is buying land for a particular amount, somebody else is selling it for that amount (aside from legal fees, etc). The person receiving the money can then use those funds for consumption or investment. I don't see how the money has been pulled away from productive ventures, as the person receiving the money can go ahead and still use it for productive ventures. You describe charging rent as a drain, but someone is still receiving money from that rent which can be used in other ways.


It seems like land may not actually be a bad analogy for a company. Yes, you can make an arbitrarily large number of shares (as you can divide land into an arbitrarily small number of pieces), but the percent of land you own (and the percent of a company you own) are stable... except companies can issue more shares, decreasing the percent of the company that you own. 


It depends on what you mean by "unearned". The person may be doing nothing to contribute to the company as you said. They legally own part of the company, and share in the risks and benefits, but their actions, decisions, and thoughts may not impact the company at all. If there's no difference in the company's output or choices in the version of the world where the person owns and does not own their share, then they are not contributing value by owning it.


If everyone owns an equal amount, then they presumably have an equal say (setting aside things like charisma, motivation, and so on). My impression is that coops don't form a majority of the companies of the world, and that many (or most) have a few shareholders or owners who are largely responsible for the direction of the company, with other shareholders having a relatively negligible impact. Is this not true?


Presumably widespread swings are still a sign of the uncertainty of Bitcoin's future, with many lacking knowledge of how it works, or what it can do, and with a good chunk of speculators seeking to predict the market, treating it as a purely speculative asset. If Bitcoin matures as a currency, I think it would be vary unlikely for there to be major swings in its value.


I think part of my difficulty with understanding this is that it is people's actions (their production and consumption, with the aid of technology) that creates value. To the extent that inflationary currencies encourage consumption that people would not otherwise engage in, or to the extent that deflationary currencies discourage consumption that people would otherwise engage in both seem like they could be problems: in the former case, people will end up with purchases and investments that were not wise in the sense of having utility worth what they gave up to get it (as they would have purchased things anyway without inflation if it _was_ a wise decision). In the latter case, people will end up with delaying purchases or investments that would actually have been useful, missing out on the opportunity to have these things sooner. 
My guess is that people are already predisposed towards less wise over-consumption, and that using inflation to increase this further is exacerbating an already existing problem. Anything that led people to consider more carefully about their consumption and investments would likely be beneficial for the sustainability of life on the planet, and people's happiness, though clearly this could go too far.


Bitcoin going up in value means that it can represent a larger portion of economic activity. Aside from that, going up in value encourages new people to buy Bitcoin, further distributing it.  Bitcoin rapidly increasing in value cannot persist indefinitely - this is an early stage which would diminish over time. I agree that extreme swings are not a useful property for a currency, but a rapid increase is useful in terms of increasing numbers of people who own some, and are potentially willing to use it.
@_date: 2018-02-04 02:29:28
Do you mean aside from the endeavours built on top of Bitcoin? What about the value from Bitcoin that people are using to do other things? This makes as much sense as saying that no one is producing anything with dollars. 
It's not zero sum if the price stabilizes above something higher than nothing.
@_date: 2018-03-26 00:31:28
I agree that wealthy people can use that wealth in order to do economically productive things and create value. That is true regardless of inflationary or deflationary currency.
If that person is buying shares, what is the economically useful thing that they are doing? I can see the added benefit for angel investors, but I have trouble seeing it with day trading, or acquiring shares without using those shares to direct the actions of the company.
I'd also point out that there's no guarantee that Bitcoin will increase in value. Keeping all of your assets in Bitcoin would be dangerous, as there's the chance of some other disruption. If Bitcoin did eventually have some sort of consistent, expected rather of growth increase, people would still invest, though they may do so more cautiously. 
@_date: 2019-01-26 10:26:39
Here is a direct quote from Andreas from the podcast you linked to, starting around the 33 minute mark:


@_date: 2018-03-30 15:21:57


I think there are a few responses to this. One is that the value of the USD is collapsing gradually over time through inflation (note: many people think a consistent low inflation rate is a good thing for the economy).  For example, since the year 2000, the value of the USD had decreased by about 30%. If we go to 1980, 33 cents would be worth the equivalent of $1 today. If we go back 100 years, 6 cents then is worth the equivalent of $1 today. The USD (and other inflationary currencies) have been collapsing consistently, year over year - it just happens slowly enough that we don't notice it much.
In trusting a central authority, you are trusting the decisions of the central bank and government now, and indefinitely into the future. Many people don't want to do that. With Bitcoin, the code is open-source, and the amount of currency, how it's added and when is all mathematically laid out. In this sense, there is less trust required for Bitcoin compared to trusting a government.
Another advantage of a decentralized currency is that most countries stick with their own currency. Adopting the currency of another country would give them a large amount of control over your economy. Bitcoin is not affiliated with any particular country or group, so it may allow people to have a truly global currency, removing the inefficiencies and barriers caused when trading with people from other countries.


It is extremely easy to make money if you have a time machine. You know what works out and what didn't. Bitcoin overall has been increasing in value as the technology improves, as more people become interested and want to try it or use it, and for speculative purposes. If Bitcoin shoots up next week to increase in value 50% does that change how you'd see their decision? 
Presumably, Bitcoin's extreme volatility is due to its place in the financial system still being uncertain. It may ultimately prove to be worth nothing (or close to it), though personally I find that unlikely. It may end up to be worth a great deal. The swings in value are in part due to changes in sentiment about the future of Bitcoin, and in part people playing financial games, speculating and trying to guess what other people are going to do. If Bitcoin becomes a major part of the financial system, it would almost certainly have a more stable value.




There are many things going on in here. It sounds like you're comparing getting everything set up in Bitcoin to you already having a credit card. You can use local bitcoins rather than a standard exchange if you want them quickly and more anonymously. Or you could sell something for them too.
Right now, minimal transaction fees are going through in the next block, so your transfer taking forever is a little strange. Using Bitcoin at a brick and mortar store and waiting for many confirmations and waiting for hours would certainly be overkill. As you mentioned, lightning is now in beta, and for two people who are using lightning, transactions are nearly instant with negligible fees.
There was a short span of time when transactions were getting delayed and fees were getting ridiculous. Since that time, exchanges have been batching transactions, and more people have adopted segwit, both of which reduce this problem for increase in transactions in the future. Lightning allows transactions to happen off-chain, helping solve the problem in a different way. Other solutions are still being worked on - people are constantly working to improve how Bitcoin functions.
@_date: 2018-02-04 12:27:17
Thank you for responding. I've thought over about where our differences lie, and I believe it essentially comes down to view of the government. It seems as though your view stems for seeing the government as a real entity, and one that is necessary for human flourishing. For you, money is a right to an obligation, based on the central authority from the government. There is no escaping these obligations, from taxes, to being required to give one's life.
My view is that institutions, including governments, are illusory. The only thing that really exists is people (and other physical things), and our relationships between each other. Because of this, it is obscene to me to say that I have an obligation to sacrifice my life (and presumably an obligation to kill others) for the government - from my perspective, you are telling me that I must die for a fictional entity.
Because I view our relationships with each other as what is mainly real, anything that increases the capabilities of the general population is good: better knowledge, being more capable, having more fulfilling lives. Bitcoin gives people the capability to do something they couldn't before, which is why I believe it to be good.
I really think that our disagreements come from a fundamentally different view of government. Presumably you're happy with your view and it allows you to have a good life. I am with mine. I doubt our conversation will be able to go much deeper on the Bitcoin front, unless you want to focus our attention on our different views of government.
@_date: 2018-03-25 19:57:11


I don't see how that's different than wealthy people right now living off the interest in different investments. With the number of Bitcoins eventually reaching some constant (though there'd be losses, so not completely true), if it was the "one world currency" (I don't think we'll end up with just one), it would be inflationary to the extent that the output of the world continued to grow.
If the currency got so valuable that nobody was using it (which doesn't make sense, as you can use indefinitely small portions like we talked before), then it would no longer be as valuable, till there'd be some sort of equilibrium that was reached.
@_date: 2018-03-26 11:11:35
Probably a hard fork.
@_date: 2018-02-04 12:32:07
Bitcoin facilitates trade that couldn't be done before. Not everyone has access to paypal. Money transfers cost a lot and are slow. A merchant in some countries may not be able to set up a way to take payment.
Bitcoin was a definite contribution to the world; it allowed things to happen that couldn't before.
@_date: 2018-02-16 01:44:24
Collecting online responses from people does (at least in some countries) require ethics approval for university research.
@_date: 2018-02-04 12:30:25


This thinking is what kept our level of commercial development low for ages. It is wrong! If they trade, then the person who got the lambo presumably valued it more than their Bitcoin, and the person who got the Bitcoin valued it more than their lambo... or else the trade would not have happened. The bread is worth more than the money for the person who buys it, and vice versa for the baker. That's because the same objects have different values to different people. This is why trade can make everyone better off.
Bitcoin can facilitate trade in ways that couldn't be done as well before. This is part of the value Bitcoin is adding.
@_date: 2018-02-04 21:44:39
Ok, what money transferring services are you familiar with?
Right now, the transaction fee for Bitcoin to get confirmed within the next hour is $0.21 US. In the next 10 minutes, it's $3.09.
Or, if you're foolish/brave enough to use the Lightning Network (which works, but there could still be bugs), you can transfer bitcoin more or less instantly, for a fee of a fraction of a cent. 
@_date: 2018-02-04 21:46:08
Money facilitates trade between people. Money (of all kinds) also costs energy and time to produce. Just saying that Bitcoin takes a lot of energy is not a compelling argument in showing that it is zero sum, or a negative sum.
@_date: 2018-02-15 11:01:51
First of all, even if gold mining isn't impacted by Bitcoin, the point still stands - why aren't these people who are talking about the unsustainability of Bitcoin discussing the unsustaintability of gold mining, or of traditional banking?
The vast majority of the current value of gold is in its speculative value, as opposed to industrial uses. The long-term scarcity of gold is on very shaky ground, due to the potential for getting gold from off-Earth. Eventually, the alternative of Bitcoin and the potential for asteroid mining may scare people away from gold as a speculative investment, dropping the price, and no longer making current mining feasible.
@_date: 2018-02-02 13:57:37


As are regular currencies. That's why people can be currency speculators, and the price of the pound, relative to other currencies, can drop after the results of a vote. Most government currencies are more stable than Bitcoin right now, presumably reflecting the more consistent level of trust or belief that others have in them.


The value of currency is about trust. It allows us to exchange value with others in what would otherwise require us to trust the other person. Currency circumvents this need for individuals to trust each other. Governments have been the traditional providers of currency, as many people trust their government, extending this trust to the currency, allowing it to function. It is not necessarily because of this shared obligation, but because of the trust that people have, allowing currencies to function.


Again, the essential aspect here is trust in the value of the currency. You may have come across people who trust the code, the cryptography, the plan of Bitcoin more than they trust the governments. This is ultimately up for them to decide, but it does allow Bitcoin to function as a currency (albeit not legally recognized tender) whether you want it to or not.


I said absolutely nothing about stealing. I think governments form useful functions, and I am happy to pay tax (I'm not joking about this), provided the money is spent well - which much of it is. However, I think the better option is always to have people governing themselves, rather than needing a central authority, if the same things can be accomplished. I love the idea of a currency that can function without a central government, that can exist outside or in tandem with the current system.
Once again, I said absolutely nothing about stealing, merely the (true) statement that inflation can act as something like a hidden tax, and that the long-term value of inflationary currencies goes down, by definition.


There are some properties of Bitcoin that solve some of these problems. If you have a bill that keeps increasing in value, and you hoard it, it is no longer able to function as an exchange of value. However, Bitcoin is not a bill, and not a physical coin. Ultimately, infinitely small parts of a Bitcoin can be spent, so it's easy for there to still be a flow of money, regardless of the particular swings going on.
Valuation swings are presumably in part due to the still somewhat small amount of money in Bitcoin, as well as uncertainty about its future. You can see large swings in fiat money as well, with mass printing of money, or with news that drastically affects the future of a country.


Bitcoin is open source - anyone with the knowledge can see how it works. It is operating in an expected way, in terms of mining, production of bitcoins, and so on. It is protected now and into the future.
Governments go through different phases. Even if you trust a particular government now, you might not in the future.
I'm not sure what you mean by the derogatory comment "a bunch of kids who think they have somehow invented something new here". Are you disputing that cryptocurrency is something new? I'd like some more information on this view, as it's one that's not typically shared even by Bitcoin's critics.


Ah, so by your definition, a technological future where poverty is eliminated and people have roughly equal power is a civilization collapse? I think your definition needs some fine-tuning.


Really? What about the "invisible hand"? With your thousands of hours studying the history of civilization and money, you must have come across Adam Smith by now?
Centralized power is certainly not a necessary nor sufficient condition to have order. Think about it by analogy if you wish - our world has a great deal of order in it (life, for example). Your argument here is essentially the same as viewing intelligent design as necessary for life to have existed.  
If somehow people are a special rule, and it's only us that require central authority for some sort of order, I'd love to know what it is about us that makes this necessary. Do you have any suggested reading?


Tautologically true... but can it function as a currency? Yes. We know this, because for many, it already is.
@_date: 2018-02-04 03:19:51
Unless the person accepting Bitcoin for lambos is doing so directly. They swapped Bitcoin for lambos. So you don't always need "new money" coming in, you need the value to be generally recognized.
Aside from that, I think your point is good, though you're ignoring two aspects of this: one, which is the price already increasing to allow people to buy lambos with Bitcoin (so if it stabilized, there'd already be a huge portion of value that was not zero sum), and two, the new things people can do that they couldn't before.
The same is true for money. The creation of money wasn't a zero sum game, it allowed people to do something they couldn't do before: to facilitate trade.
@_date: 2018-07-26 11:50:22
A good chunk of the value is likely speculative. However, there are reasons for Bitcoin to have value: 
1) Trust. How Bitcoin works is understood. It's open source, and transparent. There are some people who don't trust their governments with currency (due to inflation, for example, as you mentioned). There are other people who either don't trust (or prefer not to trust) their governments, or are concerned about the possible actions of future governments.
2) Global. Bitcoin is an international (or perhaps supranational) currency. Most currencies can only really be used by people within the political area of origin, and perhaps a few small surrounding places. There are places that accept Bitcoin throughout the world, which may gradually increase. If you're well off, and like to travel, imagine being able to head to any country without having to worry about exchanging money, without having to worry about carrying cash, with money that you can cross borders without any hassle because you are carrying it in your head.
The global nature of it also makes it ideal for sending remittances to family members in other countries.
It allows people anywhere in the world to set up a store and accept internet payments without having to use paypal or credit cards - sometimes those options aren't available.
Regarding your final point about mining, the mining difficulty adjusts. That means that if people no longer find it profitable to mine and stop mining, the difficulty adjusts to maintain one block roughly every 10 minutes. Large swathes of miners could shut down and the system would still function, it would just cost less for malicious people to try to take over through a 51% attack.
@_date: 2018-02-14 21:40:44
Aside from the technical aspects of Bitcoin, there are two big conceptual leaps that people have to make in order to appreciate cryptocurrencies.
The first is to see through the illusion that money is a real thing in the same way that trees or rocks are real things. Money has no true value that is fundamentally attached to it, and with fiat currencies, it is created from nothing. Most people grow up being exposed to money, which they learn right along with what chickens, telephones, cars, and other people are - it's so entrenched that many people (I would guess) rarely if ever stop to think about _why_ money has the value it does.
The second conceptual leap is to see that even though money is an illusion, it is still a valuable illusion. Anything that can perform at least some of the functions of money better than what currently exists provides extra benefit to the world. Arguably, bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies provide additional benefits over the other versions of money, and so even though they aren't backed by tangible things, they will still be desirable due to the new or improved functions that they allow.
Once people have made up their minds, they then come up with other justifications - it's bad for the environment (suspiciously leaving off comparisons with the things bitcoin could replace, like gold mining), it's volatile (ignoring the fact that any new technology will be seen as very risky by some, that public trust will be easily moved around in the early years, and that having a relatively small market cap exacerbates these issues), it's used by criminals (ignoring the facts that cash is the preferred choice by criminals, and the extent to which cryptocurrencies are used by criminals shows that there are benefits to cryptocurrencies over current options - like being able to perform pseudonymous/anonymous transactions online).
@_date: 2017-10-29 15:09:23
Being able to hold BTC in different accounts can have advantages. For example, in Canada, growth within a TFSA is tax-free. You can withdraw/sell anything you have in your account, and there is 0 tax on it, regardless of how much the investment has grown.
@_date: 2011-06-26 14:16:47
Couldn't you just combine the output of several random password generations?
@_date: 2011-06-26 16:11:17
Thanks! I really appreciate the detailed breakdown, and it's good to know where LastPass stands too.
@_date: 2011-06-28 02:56:43
I'll leave this gem here:   
Edit: Oops. I should clearly learn to read. Not only are they no longer accepting CAD deposits during beta, it was already posted by PlasticLiving.  
@_date: 2011-06-13 05:30:14
! I've been struggling for the past week to figure out an easy way to buy bitcoins with Canadian money. Thanks!
@_date: 2011-11-29 03:05:07
I think this is actually a good point, in the sense that all money is a game. Money is a useful tool, but people often end up playing the societal game where money is the points they use to compare.
@_date: 2011-12-03 01:25:50
I think we should stop mistaking money for our scores, but not the other way around :) Money is a useful tool, and bitcoin expands what is possible. My ideal would be to somehow have the computations be useful...  
Whipstick appears to recognize that bitcoin is a game, without recognizing that all of money is.
@_date: 2018-02-02 02:24:19
One of the main problems that Bitcoin solves is the need of trusting a central authority. This really isn't something that governments can mimic, as they are the central authority.
 
"Government coins" in terms of non-physical currency already exist - most of the wealth in the world isn't stored with physical coins and bills, it is stored on computers. Governments can't really guarantee stable value for a few reasons. One is that most governments have a policy of maintaining gradual inflation, which acts almost as a hidden tax on savers - the long-term value of most currencies decreases with time. Another reason is that most governments use monetary policy as a tool for influencing economic activity. This can be a useful tool for countries, but can be misused (requiring you to trust present and future governments), and that many governments enact policies which favour some members of society over others.
Cryptocurrencies often have a built-in system for determining quantity and distribution, while governments do not.
This really isn't an idea which governments can completely copy or mimic - they can try to work with cryptocurrencies or ban them, but if they switch to a "governmentcoin" that functions as other cryptocurrencies, it would mark a pretty radical departure from the approach governments tend to take, and could presumably be implemented more easily without the cryptocurrency approach if it already requires trusting a central authority.
@_date: 2011-07-02 16:55:38
I've been thinking of this too. One of the most powerful ideas of bitcoin is generating money this way... websites without ads, without fees, that provide service.  
I think as long as you give people the option to opt-out (perhaps for reduced service), having a third option (aside from ads and paying for subscribers) is a really good thing for the internet.  
Also, it is already possible to do this with this website: 
@_date: 2011-12-31 01:17:26
My addition would be to make it so that the computations done to mine bitcoin contribute to something useful... it could be a world resource giving people incentive to loan their otherwise unused computing capacity. This opens up other problems though, like how who gets to use the computational power is determined, etc.
@_date: 2011-06-24 01:28:31
Browser Bitcoin Miner: 
@_date: 2011-06-25 13:24:47
For an individual, it's incredibly easy to use... also easy if you have access to multiple computers without being able to install software on them.  
However, I think the real power of this idea is that websites can have this so that when people visit, it generates bitcoin for the site owner. This provides a whole new way to generate revenue on the internet, aside from ads and having people pay for subscription.
@_date: 2011-07-11 03:54:53
If bitcoin gets to the point where many things can be bought and sold with it, it would become somewhat immune to banned exchanges.
@_date: 2018-04-07 20:22:07


Well, that's the claim that was being made. If the argument is just that "US dollars derive their value from being taxed, while this is not true for other currencies", then it's not really relevant for Bitcoin, is it?
The claim was:


I provided an example where this wasn't true - a fiat currency that did not get inherent value from being needed for tax.
If the argument is that fiat currencies gain their value because there is a demand that exists for them... this is true for Bitcoin too. The argument that fiat has some sort of inherent value that bitcoin doesn't is wrong. There may be some base level of demand for fiat currencies for taxes, but this isn't where most of their value comes from.


This has nothing to do with whether Bitcoin has inherent value or not. For a while, the US dollar has been acting as the world's reserve currency. 
I don't know what would happen to the UAW currency if the USD tanked. I think it would depend on the reason for it tanking. If a weak USD indicated a general slowdown in the US economy, decreasing global demand for oil, it would go down, presumably. If the weak USD was due to some other reason, then it's possible it wouldn't affect it so much.


I'm not aware of disastrous experiments that clearly show problems due to the fixed supply of currency, rather than other problems that have traditionally accompanied it (challenges with the divisibility of currency, or sticky wages, for example).
I agree that in a Bitcoin-only world, monetary policy is no longer a tool that governments could use. I don't think we'd ever end up in a Bitcoin-only world. If we did, governments would have to rely on fiscal policy to the extent that they want to impact the economies of their citizens.
@_date: 2011-06-26 14:19:43
Are password management tools really safe?
@_date: 2011-09-08 05:35:09
Whatever it is, it's in the china shop.
@_date: 2017-05-05 16:20:09
I agree, that's some impressive speed.
In case anyone's curious and can't be bothered to do the math:
1,000,000/24 is 41666.666... swaps per hour.
That comes to 694.444... swaps per minute, or just under 11.5741 swaps every second. As it was specified that the wallet was switched from left to right 1 million times, we need to double that to account for moving the paper wallet back to the left hand, so that's just over 23.1481 hand motions per second, maintained consistently for a 24 hour span. It seems likely AscotV is a robot.
@_date: 2018-04-07 19:17:35


I find it very unlikely that taxation is what creates "inherent value" for fiat currencies. Taxation means there's some need for that particular currency, but no evidence is shared that argues that that need is what drives the value. 
For example, consider the United Arab Emirates. There is no income tax and, until recently, no VAT either. Government spending was done through the money raised for oil. Yet they still had a functioning fiat currency. According to your argument here, this should be impossible.
The reason this is possible is because currency gets its value from what others are willing to give up to get it. Taxation may create some small amount of demand, but it is not the only source of demand, and is not a necessary component of demand.


Your scenario here doesn't really seem to make sense - as you said, bitcoin would increase in value as the quantity (and quality) of goods and services for sale grows. If this leads to a high level of deflation that discourages investment broadly speaking, then the quantity and quality of goods and services for sale would no longer 
be growing. The deflation rate should be tied to the productive capacity of the global economy, which means that is should reach some sort of balance - if it's growing really quickly, investment is discouraged, if it's shrinking, investment is encouraged.
@_date: 2011-07-02 17:04:40
Right, compared to gold, which was the basis of currency for centuries, and had all kinds of intrinsic value.  
Currency is an idea... one that has been useful. Bitcoins seem to have the properties of being useful as a currency. All of it... gold, silver, paper money, electronic money... is based on an idea and a promise. I don't see how bitcoins are different.
@_date: 2018-12-04 19:51:29
One of the problems here is that addresses are not people. One person can have many wallets, many people can be represented by one wallet (through exchanges).
@_date: 2018-12-17 00:50:15
I think you're misunderstanding. I'm not arguing that there's a correlation. You're arguing that a particular set of things will happen during a halvening. This has not happened in the past. You _could_ be right, but not with the reasoning you've shown so far (or at least, you'd need to provide an argument for why what you're saying hasn't happened before). From your reasoning, it seems like you were also ignoring that few bitcoins are entering the market, which can drive up prices - you said that "All else equal price stays the same, half of miners quit, and thus difficulty drops in half". The problem is that all else is not equal, and what is not equal logically leads to an increase in the price.
@_date: 2018-12-11 01:13:33




This seems weird, considering that a few months ago, you were complaining about having bought in November and December and holding all of this year. If you were sure and were warning others, and were right all this time, why was this your strategy? From your link [here](






@_date: 2018-12-13 16:48:34


Can you explain this more? If people had some sort of asset that kept appreciating without them doing anything, them making money in other ways would contribute even more to their worth. How is having them do more things that make them money going to cause them to make less money?
You also seem to have another misconception. It sounds like you're proposing a world where Bitcoin (or something like it) has replaced all other money, and is somehow still experiencing massive increases in value. If there were no other currencies, you wouldn't price Bitcoin with other currencies; it would only be able to be valued in terms of what it can buy you.
That means for Bitcoin to be able to be worth more, Bitcoins would have to increasingly be lost (increasing the value of the rest) at a huge rate for the massive amount of deflation you seem to be talking about, or the productive capacity of people would have to keep skyrocketing, so that there were more goods and services which Bitcoin would represent.
For there to be an increase in goods and services, people would have to be providing them.  If instead people stop doing things, as you suggest (because somehow them making money gives them less money with your reasoning), the availability of goods and services would go down, and Bitcoin as a whole would be representing less value.
@_date: 2018-12-11 12:19:14
Oh, I can understand that people can change their mind. What doesn't make sense is how you could be so sure ever since February 2018 that it was going down (all the way to $1k-$2k according to you in this thread), and just decided to keep holding on to it. 
I also find it funny you're claiming you've been so sure and right all this time, but from the same comment I was linking to before from you a few months ago:


People sometimes misremember the past, and think that they've known what was happening all along. However, this isn't really true. You're either wrong now about how certain you were before, or you were lying then about how doubtful you were (but then, why did you hold all the way to the current lows?). This isn't a specific problem with you, this is something most people do called the "hindsight bias". It does mean you should be skeptical about your own (and others!) claims to have been accurately and confidently predicting things.
@_date: 2019-05-25 22:28:00
I'm a little confused why you decided to buy something that you don't seem to think has value. This is also an extremely strange time for a post like this.
We're about a year out from the block reward halving. Historically, every other period like this has experienced a great deal of increase in the price of bitcoin, as the supply of newly generated bitcoins is cut in half. 
Buying a diversified set of stocks makes a great deal of sense as a long term investment strategy. However, it also seems plausible that bitcoin is still greatly undervalued, which is what people who buy and hold are hoping for. This hope isn't a certainty, but it is a real possibility.
Bitcoin doesn't produce something, but it allows for the transmission of value in ways that couldn't be done before. The software and projects surrounding bitcoin continue to improve. The use of bitcoin is increasing, and the hashrate is much higher compared to when the price was 3.4k.
What changed from when you purchased it to now? Why is your decision now different than what it was before?
@_date: 2018-12-05 18:00:24


That's a great question! Let's take this example a little deeper. Imagine that carrying around cigarettes all the time can be dangerous (you could lose them or someone could take them from you) and cumbersome (you're wealthy in prison, and have accumulated 50,000 cigarettes).
Imagine someone then comes up with a way for little bits of paper that are tough to replicate, with a social contract where they can be exchanged for cigarettes. In other words, passing the paper to someone else would generally work as verifying that some transaction has taken place.
Well, you can obviously see how this scenario would never work, because why would "verification of some data" be beneficial? Except... you've just described the idea of currency. If you're going to argue against the idea of currency in general, you have a pretty uphill battle, as the past few thousand years of civilization have shown that it can come in handy.
@_date: 2018-12-16 03:32:52


It's because fewer new bitcoins will be entering the market.


I can just buy bitcoins now, for less money, but I do expect a bitcoin to be worth quite a bit more in 2020. How would you like to set it up? Are there any escrow services in particular you like to use?
@_date: 2018-12-05 17:54:50
The problem with your argument is that you are assuming the conclusion. You lay out a scenario and say "the seller receives nothing". You haven't actually argued that bitcoin is worth nothing, just assumed that it does.
@_date: 2018-12-02 17:19:50
That does seem really strange. There were three hours recently when the number of transactions spiked, but earlier, the mempool was consistly being emptied: 
@_date: 2018-12-02 17:12:25
Mastercard and Visa aren't inherent aspects of regular currencies. They are services built on top of these regular currencies. Lightning and other innovations will (and already do) offer other capabilities for Bitcoin, like near-instantaneous transactions.
@_date: 2018-12-13 16:18:53


This happens with traditional currencies too - their value fluctuates compared to other currencies, sometimes by quite a bit.


People do graph the value of the dollar and other currencies over time, quite a bit. You can track the purchasing power of what a dollar can get you, for example with graphs like [this one](


This may be true for you because you use USD. All other currencies for you are priced in USD. For people from other countries that use other currencies, things are priced in their currency.
@_date: 2018-12-16 01:55:55
What's missing is that miners sell at least some of their bitcoin in order to have fiat and to pay for mining expenses. With the reward cut in half, there are fewer bitcoins being sold, so all else being equal, the price rises.
@_date: 2013-04-03 18:40:11
It's not output alone that creates true wealth. A lot of the "consumer culture" that we have today is destroying wealth, since it grossly over-emphasizes present-day values, and short-changes the future.
@_date: 2018-12-02 14:15:04
I don't know about the average time, but if you know what miner fee you paid, you can take a look [here]( to get a sense for what's going on.
There was a sudden spike of transactions in the last hour, many of which overpaid compared to what's usually necessary, so there's a backlog at the moment.
@_date: 2018-12-09 19:09:04
I think this was part of the idea behind hacking (applying it to all kinds of currencies): 
@_date: 2018-12-16 19:31:31


It's large enough to show that your claims of what should happen haven't matched up to what's happened in the past. Things _could_ be different this time, but we'd need to go much more in-depth for your reasoning.
@_date: 2013-10-20 14:49:16
Right, it wouldn't be as good as buying bitcoin, but I think it's unlikely that the miners will be less well-off now than they are now, unless they decide to immediately sell what they mine.
@_date: 2013-11-07 23:02:36
Yes. That's the current level of subdivision, but it can be extended if the need arises.
@_date: 2013-11-29 17:23:11
This isn't about being a good investment or not, this is about trust and decision making in the relationship. If it is _your_(plural) money and you have joint finances, you should make decisions in conjunction with your partner. 
If it is _your_(singular) money, then it's not really her business to tell you what to do, though she'd still be understandably upset that you didn't make an important decision together. 
Trying to convince your partner that you made the right choice is probably beside the point. You should be talking to your partner to let her know that in the future, you will discuss and make major decisions together.
@_date: 2013-10-20 15:08:00
I agree that it is more profitable to buy bitcoins than to mine. My point is that bitcoin miners aren't losing value. If they buy something that costs $100, and they make $50 worth of bitcoin at current market prices, they will still likely end up ahead due to increases in the value of bitcoin. It's still possible that bitcoin will be abandoned, but the chances of that happening are less and less every day.  
My sense is that throughout most of bitcoin's existence, it wasn't (that) profitable to be a miner, unless you had free power. We now know that bitcoin had a massive increase in value, but that wasn't certain then. In the same way, mining may not be profitable at current market prices of bitcoin, but I would still be very surprised if the price of bitcoin stopped increasing. As long as bitcoin miners aren't selling their bitcoins immediately, they will quite likely still have more value from mining than the value they had to give up to get the miner. It would just be better to invest directly in bitcoin, for a greater return. 
Edit: To clarify, yes, someone could lose bitcoins by doing this, but this is part of the old argument... you could convert more country currency into bitcoins. The value that you're giving up now is worth $100. You could end up with much higher value later on from mining, but not as much as if you had just bought/sat on your bitcoins.
@_date: 2013-04-12 18:56:10
Why does it have to be from the beginning?
@_date: 2013-11-27 13:09:46
My first Bitcoin tip! Thank you.
@_date: 2013-11-25 16:09:54
It would be great to have some sort of behavioural economics experiments to test this out... though I suppose the time-frames involved in an experiment wouldn't be able to really get at what might happen with long-term inflationary vs deflationary currencies.
@_date: 2013-12-20 05:46:19
You mean 376 days, which seems pretty reasonable.
@_date: 2013-04-09 21:06:50
I think this is true, but the current frenzy that's going on is doing a great job of popularizing bitcoin, and spreading some of them around, which should increase 1) and provides motivation to deal with 2). Though in general, I agree, those are the most important things.
@_date: 2013-04-18 18:03:51
Except it's a pretty small amount of work to set up that doesn't really require additional work after that. 
I would love to see statistics on bitcoin trade. My guess would be substantially more than zero - I guess we'll have to wait till some stats come out to see!
@_date: 2013-11-07 02:55:42
Sorry to disappoint you, but that's part of a bulletin of published papers, and the google search is truncating the article to show the different names. [This]( is the link to the paper mentioned. While there are two different Satoshis in the document and two different Nakamotos, those are pretty common names, and they didn't work together on computer related stuff like the search makes it seem... so I think it's not particularly likely that this is our Satoshi.
@_date: 2013-05-31 14:23:07


I'm assuming you mean worth more today than tomorrow, otherwise it sounds like you're agreeing with me - please correct me if I'm mistaken.  
Having money constantly be devalued doesn't encourage wise decisions, it encourages hasty decisions. If you know your money is decreasing in value, it's better to do anything with it. Our goal should not be short-term growth, but long-term growth, and hasty decisions are more likely to favour the former over the latter.  
I'd also like to point out that the deflationary aspect of a fixed monetary supply comes (at least in part) by the growth of the economy - the same amount of resources are able to do more. If adopting a fixed monetary supply meant that growth would level off or fall, money would cease to be deflationary (holding the population using the currency constant). 
For growth to be good, it needs to contribute to long term growth, not long-term loss. Considering the long-term impact of an investment is critical for the long-term survival of people and the economy. People already have the motivation to grow their wealth - we have psychological biases like the hedonic treadmill, desire for status and power. We don't need extra incentive to make frivolous purchases, what we need is something to encourage us looking at the long term. If inflation encourages spending, it encourages frivolous spending, not the type of innovative company you're talking about.
@_date: 2013-04-13 17:30:27
You can also always go with [cavirtex](
@_date: 2013-04-09 11:41:04
Credit card?! You want to be heading over to [cavirtex](
@_date: 2013-11-14 05:50:03
Well, they are allowing people to be paid in bitcoins. What a bitcoin is worth could vary greatly from when they post the announcement to when the bounty closes. $500 worth of bitcoin or fiat seems like a reasonable option to me. 
If there's a reward or cost of something _right now_, it makes sense to price things using bitcoin. At the moment though, for future transactions, it makes sense to price things using fiat, since these currencies are not experiencing the rapid surge that bitcoin is. At some point in the future, when the price is more stable, this won't be as big an issue.
@_date: 2013-04-22 18:14:01
It seems like the solution to this would be to get more big companies taking Bitcoin, so that large companies would put pressure on governments to keep bitcoins legal.
@_date: 2013-11-22 16:24:50
Interesting! I was never part of the Second Life scene. It would be good to get some perspectives on why it failed. I'm looking for more serious discussion - [this]( is a short perspective piece with an interesting idea (lack of control or lack of ownership for the players killed Second Life).
@_date: 2013-09-28 23:17:44
The tone of the articles were not intellectually dishonest(activities and expenses weren't being hidden), and the articles also explained all of these times when bitcoin was not used in them. Is it the title of the "Lived on bitcoin for a week" that bothers you so much? I think many people were surprised that someone could do what she did at that stage of bitcoin's adoption. Calling her intellectually dishonest seems intellectual dishonest dishonest to me.
@_date: 2013-11-26 20:36:36
Yes, but business can have savings for future expansion. Not everything has to be done with loans. If bitcoin is a better way of holding savings for future spending, that applies to businesses as much as individuals. 
Price volatility is not an issue when services like bitpay are used. There is no added risk to merchants to accept bitcoin if they use this service.
@_date: 2013-05-30 23:16:02
Inflation drives reckless spending and ecological collapse. Wouldn't it be better for the environment (and thus ultimately the economy), as well as individuals, to encourage people to consider whether something really is a sound investment?
@_date: 2018-12-16 14:43:00


It's a bad idea because you would buy/set up your bitcoin in escrow right now and I would put in $5000. We wouldn't be putting up equal amount of money for the bet, but my best guess is that bitcoin will be worth quite a bit more than $5000 in 2020, so I'm still willing to make it to make a point.


That's a nice thought, except there's still a lot of ignorance about how Bitcoin works. The price doesn't double as soon as the halvening happens, but each time, a halvening has been followed by a surge in price not long after.
@_date: 2013-11-14 05:45:01
That looks like there was an inactivity fee in their terms of use that they weren't charging, but will begin charging the inactivity fees at a future date from when the announcement was made (though that future date is now past). I'm unclear how that means people were short in bitcoins for the past year - it seems acceptable to start charging a fee that you said you'd charge people, and giving them advance notice about it.
@_date: 2018-12-07 00:37:45


Did you mean to link to something else? Here's the conclusion from what you linked to (the article doesn't mention anything about a death spiral)


@_date: 2013-12-01 20:02:39
If most people don't have goods or services to offer, than how do most people have jobs? And most of those jobs _don't_ fully use the skills that people do have to offer?
@_date: 2013-04-09 17:10:23
Absolutely! You can do this through [cavirtex](
@_date: 2013-04-18 15:55:24
For most consumers right now, probably not. If the number of bitcoin users keeps growing (and exchanges and easy-to-use wallets improve), this will become less and less of an issue. I think it's very likely for it to continue growing, since there is an advantage for merchants.
@_date: 2013-04-09 13:56:26
Glad I could help!
@_date: 2013-12-04 01:36:00
Ok, let me rephrase that. When people are buying something like silver as an asset, aren't they expecting the price to go up? Yes, there is industrial use... all industrial use does is it puts a lower bound on what the value will go to. 
People who buy silver as an investment are expecting its value to rise in comparison to fiat. This is the same with bitcoin. If we begin mining asteroids, which seems at least somewhat likely, there will be an abundance of silver. 
People buying silver expecting it to go up are speculating in silver. They may have good reasons for expecting it to go up, just as many people investing in bitcoins do, but it's still speculation. There's no real qualitative difference between the two in terms of investment - the differences come from what those assets allow you to do. As you pointed out, silver has some really good uses in things like electronics (though there are lots of other options, many are not as good as silver). Bitcoins allow you to send value anywhere in the world without relying on a central authority. They both have some impressive properties. 
Your last bit on mining doesn't make sense to me. Yes, a scarcity of silver would cause an increase in cost and profitability of mining... but if it cost a million dollars to mine a speck of silver, silver would not suddenly increase in value to $1,000,000 per speck. There are other alternatives to silver for most industry applications. 
What do you mean that bitcoin can be mined at any price, even zero dollars? It costs electricity to mine things... if possible, I would like you to explain the distinction you see regarding the price of things and bitcoin versus silver mining.
@_date: 2013-04-09 18:27:10
Do you have a source for that second point? The [bitcoinstore]( seems to be doing awesome - over $200,000 in sales since the start of April.
@_date: 2013-05-29 19:38:45
Good idea. If anyone's interested in talking about shares, dividends or trading funds, I just created @_date: 2013-11-25 13:21:24
If a currency is suffering inflation, why would a rational person decide to spend it today when they might have more of a need for it to continue living tomorrow? If the choice is between buying a luxury car today, or being able to put food on the table a year from now (versus starving), shouldn't inflation lead to more saving?
@_date: 2013-10-20 05:27:16
Well, that depends on how you view it. If bitcoin prices continue to increase, then the value of the bitcoins mined could definitely exceed the cost of the miners - it just wouldn't be as efficient as buying the bitcoins instead of the mining equipment.
@_date: 2013-11-25 23:18:01
I will not tell him about the fleeting nature of wealth, but he would do well to remember that [the moon cannot be stolen](
@_date: 2013-11-09 15:34:50
I agree. Bitcoin should be the natural ally of environmentalists. People in general want to acquire stuff, and often have a short-term view. It is insanity to have a currency system that is inflationary, which pushes these already existing inclinations even further.
@_date: 2013-11-29 20:10:52
If two people in a relationship decide that one person is going to make the financial decisions (or even most of the decisions), that's fine. However, in most relationships, both people want to and expect to be involved in major decisions that will affect their lives. 
I understand and appreciate the motive to take care of the other person, and to have your wife or girlfriend be able to trust and rely on you. However, I think that needing the other person to always do what they're told, without expecting them to have any agency or useful opinion isn't what "being a man" is about. It takes more strength to be able to listen to and consider ideas from your partner that may be different from your own than it does to close off a discussion.
@_date: 2013-11-19 07:27:20
TFSAs need to be [officially registered]( At the moment, I don't believe there's anywhere you'd be able to officially register a bitcoin-holding account. If banks start offering bitcoin securing services, or if the regulations allow holding things like the Winkelvii's ETF, then yes.
@_date: 2013-11-29 18:45:40
I respectfully disagree. A relationship is about merging your lives together. For a good relationship, both people should be part of the process for making decisions. 
"Testing" out a relationship by seeing how your partner reacts if you make a big decision without them is a great idea if you want to quickly spread mistrust and undermine the closeness you have with your partner.  If it's a relationship you want to keep, it's not such a good idea.
@_date: 2013-04-10 02:02:59
Some people have been robbed leaving bitcoins in bad places. Cavirtex has been very reliable, and seems to be secure - it's always possible that they or your account could be hacked. Your wallet should in theory be the most secure place, though for this to be true, you need to be smart - encrypt your wallet with a password you won't forget/lose, and have several back-ups just in case. Make sure your computer is clean (no key-logging software). Plenty of people have deleted their wallets or forgotten the passwords for their encrypted wallets - don't be one of them!
@_date: 2013-04-12 16:59:21
What do you mean paid out only $37? I'm a little confused over what happened.
@_date: 2013-04-09 19:09:37
Interesting! I wonder if there are any stats out there regarding this. Thanks for sharing!
@_date: 2013-11-04 20:10:26
I think the idea is that as soon as the honest block is published, the mining pool (which makes up a substantial part of the network) instantly switches over, trying to propagate their own block. Since they have a large percent of the mining power, they have a pretty good chance of propagating their own block to other miners who didn't yet see the honest block. A lot of this depends on the speed of propagation and how quickly the pool could publish once they see an honest block has been mined.
@_date: 2013-11-11 18:14:10
If Mt. Gox wouldn't have lagged so bad, the price would likely have gone higher than it did.
@_date: 2013-05-04 13:26:28
Almost anything on the internet can be copied fairly easily -  Amazon, ebay, kijiji and Facebook, for example. However, once you have a certain proportion of people, other people are motivated to stay in that same system, so they can get all the benefits from all the other people in the system. Websites do die, and it's possible bitcoin will too, but being able to create almost identical copies of bitcoin aren't that big a problem for the same reason that Facebook and ebay clones aren't that big a problem.
@_date: 2013-04-09 18:06:19
2 days? [Cavirtex]( a Canadian exchange, is at 289.99 as we speak!
@_date: 2013-11-24 22:08:02
People are a little euphoric, understandably. But this is not nearly as bad as it was during the last price hike/crash. Every article was positive, there was (nearly) no serious discussion going on. Critical posts are still getting voted up now, and people are still engaged in serious conversation.
@_date: 2013-05-31 15:42:29


An interesting idea, though I don't think it works out that way. Really, it would be great to set up some small economies with different styles of currency and see what happens.  
Unfortunately, I don't know of many deflationary economies, though there is work showing that there doesn't seem to be the link between deflation and depression that people commonly expect, for example [this]( and [this]( In terms of portions of the economy, computers and electronics have been undergoing deflation for decades, and are also clearly tied to many if not all of the recent innovations our societies have experienced.
@_date: 2013-05-29 19:46:45
It seems like a new subreddit was needed. Anyone interested in helping moderate?
@_date: 2013-11-08 19:59:34
The bitcoin code is open source and can be updated as need arises. Increasing the number of decimal places is a really easy switch to make. In order for a newer version of the code to be adopted, most of the computing power needs to switch over - there's no central authority that forces a switch over, but the community has so far been really good with switching to newer versions if improvements or bug fixes are necessary.
@_date: 2013-04-04 02:29:43
I think these are great reasons. I just wanted to add a few others:  
Bitcoin is revolutionary. It's solved the problem of currencies in which someone could just suddenly decide to make more, and the problem of double spending that can occur online - _without the need for a central authority_. It is free from (direct) governmental control, and won't inflate the way that governmental currencies do. This, along with its easy transferability anywhere throughout the world, ability to be subdivided indefinitely (right now the smallest unit is a satoshi, but that's a soft limit - one day the smallest unit of trade could be much lower) make it a great form of exchange. Are you familiar with Plato's "Realm of Forms"? Think of Bitcoin as the pure idea of currency given digital form, free from the imperfections that come from tangible units of exchange.  
I also think the deflationary aspect of bitcoin will be one of the saving graces of life on Earth. Our currencies currently inflate, meaning it's better to spend today than to save for tomorrow. This promotes a culture of needless consumption, instead of promoting wiser monetary decisions, and is one of the factors contributing to the enormous degradation of the environment we've been experiencing.  
So it's not a ponzi, and there's a very real chance it could change the world, by taking control of money outside of governmental hands, and promoting a wiser monetary culture, more in-line with the environment, and long-term economy.
@_date: 2013-05-31 11:59:07


It was a large scale example related to priorities and space travel, since you brought up space travel. There are many examples of people making short-term decisions that are detrimental in the long-term. Consider people's consumption of junk food - a short term decision that leads to worse health and productivity. 
You suggested that inflation encourages people to spend money. _People do not need encouragement to spend money_. When have people ever needed an excuse to get something they want or need? With deflation, people will not suddenly start sitting around starving, waiting years for their horded money to grow more powerful. What people do need is encouragement to think more about the future and making wiser with their money.
@_date: 2013-11-26 16:01:49
With a $10 billion market cap, it opens the possibility of institutional investors, like pensions, who sometimes have rules about not investing in anything less than a large-market cap (which is $10 billion). It is potentially big news!
@_date: 2013-12-01 01:39:40
You mean something like [this](
@_date: 2013-04-04 03:02:58
The infrastructure and knowledge of bitcoins are still very limited, but are growing all the time. More and more places are accepting bitcoins, and as people realize the advantages, they will begin to use it more. Imagine going on a trip and visiting multiple countries without having to convert any currency at all - just paying in bitcoins. Business owners can accept coins with minimum fees, rather than those of the credit card companies, and without fear of chargebacks and issues that plague other online forms of payment. Assuming that at least some people choose to follow the taxation rules that they are supposed to, they will have to report income gained from the sale of bitcoins - if it really takes off, it would be in their advantage never to cash out, but to actually use it as a method of exchange, in order to avoid the high taxation rates they would face.
Bitcoin prices are volatile right now, but assuming that there will be a permanent crash seems crazy, given the benefits and the breakthrough it represents.
@_date: 2013-11-25 15:50:51
Though people only have limited space, and not all foods are easily storable (like bread). The point that I'm trying to make is that with inflation, you will have less worth tomorrow than you do today. Since we don't know exactly what our future needs will be, it then makes more sense for the rational person to decrease their spending to the extent that they can, given that they will likely have more need for that money tomorrow. 
With deflation, you know that you will have more tomorrow than you do today. That means you are more free to consume, you should be more willing to spend, since you will have enough to live the next year as well, and the year after that. 
I realize that this is not the only way to look at it, but I think this logic makes just as much sense (perhaps more) than those arguing that deflation will lead people to sit starving on their piles of increasing value without spending.
@_date: 2013-11-14 15:37:00
Ah, yeah, that doesn't seem like a good practice!
@_date: 2013-04-12 18:56:54
Services like bitinstant can solve that problem.
@_date: 2013-12-04 00:50:31
Ok, I'll bite. In what sense is silver not a pyramid scheme but bitcoin is? When people are buying something like silver, aren't they expecting the price to go up? Won't they try to sell it to someone else? If nobody wants to buy their silver, won't it then decrease in value? Isn't this true of more or less _every single asset on the planet_?
@_date: 2013-09-29 16:46:53
If cash were easier to counterfeit, its value would fall. The inability to counterfeit means a great deal.
@_date: 2013-12-09 06:27:53
Hey, swordgeek mentioned that you were having problems with bitcoincoinplus. I'm not getting a 503 error, it's working fine - are you still getting the error?
@_date: 2013-11-30 14:58:22
The requirement to have a market that exclusively and necessarily accepts a currency is ridiculous. That would provide a lower bound for the currency valuation, since it would always have at least some value. 
However, a currency is much more useful than in the very few places where you necessarily need to use it. In other words, this logic doesn't provide any upper bound - Bitcoin is genuinely useful in many new ways, and as such it provides real value to many people.  
As an analogy, it is like arguing that food only has value because when you are starving, you need to eat a little to continue living. The value of the food market though is huge, not because of this requirement, but because of all of the other kinds of things it does... provide pleasure, bringing people together, exploring other cultures, as a way to express creativity. There is _no biological necessity_ for most foods we eat, like cookies or potato chips, or even meat (though that's a little complicated) - but these things still have a lot of value because of the benefits they provide. 
The argument presented in that blog is based on a ridiculous assumption without understanding the value that Bitcoin brings.
@_date: 2013-04-29 15:45:18
The difficulty of mining gold has not always been high. Early cultures did not have such a hard time of finding gold. Try taking a look at [wikipedia]( You used to be able to find it [lying around in stream beds](
@_date: 2013-11-26 19:47:19
Here's an idea: You accept bitcoin, save on transaction fees, convert the majority of the bitcoin into fiat on an exchange instantly (using services like bitpay), except you hold on to a little bit (perhaps the amount you're saving on transaction fees). You're now more invested in the bitcoin market, and will be applying pressure to your suppliers to accept bitcoin, which will eventually flip more and more businesses into accepting bitcoin. 
No risk over accepting fiat money, with a lot of potential for spreading bitcoin, and gaining value from savings.
@_date: 2013-05-30 04:02:09
Good to know, on both accounts. Let's see if we can keep this one alive.
@_date: 2013-12-07 17:56:31
No, it's still up and working. I think the site went down briefly. 
It wouldn't hurt to be at least a little patient before you make unfounded accusations and try to start some sort of witch hunt.
@_date: 2013-12-01 02:52:08
You're getting downvoted for having a contrary opinion to the majority _combined_ with providing almost no in-depth analysis or novel insights regarding why your opinion would be right. It's tough enough getting upvotes when you have a perspective that most disagree with - when you do little to support that contrary perspective, downvotes will be the response.
@_date: 2013-12-08 07:17:17
[Here's the screen I get]( 
The only rule that changed was the transfer fee, which was updated in 2011 to include the .01 fee that was the default charge for transactions. Clearly the times have changed. As I mentioned, I let him know about these issues, and the system was automated two years ago, when a single bitcoin was worth about $7 (you can even see this in the FAQ). Times have changed and the automated process hasn't kept up with these changes. 
All the same, I am very curious why you are receiving the 503 error, when the website is still up. Have you tried asking other people if they are getting the same error?
@_date: 2013-04-04 03:20:54
Thank you!
@_date: 2013-04-11 03:08:48
An excellent point. Bitcoin in the original post could just as easily have been replaced with facebook - despite the easy capability of creating facebook clones, we don't see the stock of facebook plummeting.
@_date: 2013-12-01 03:28:08
I think that is true. Many new people are likely jumping in because they see it as a quick way to make money. While those people may not be receiving downvotes, I think you'll find that very few of them are receiving upvotes either. 
Are you referring to the ancient Greek prophetess? There are all kinds of people with different ideas of the future. Very few people will ever automatically believe you're right. If you have an idea about where the future is going, you need to explain why - unless you're arguing you have a divine gift of prophecy, in which case even fewer people would believe you.
@_date: 2013-04-18 15:22:53
Because merchants need to take those fees into account when they figure out pricing. Presumably some of these savings could be passed on to bitcoin purchasers, so that both parties involved are happier, and to make sure people actually use bitcoins so the merchant can get the savings.
@_date: 2013-04-12 19:36:29
With any successful new technology, there will always be an early-adopter gain. If there was a new cryptocurrency encouraged by well-connected vendors, they would be the ones set to gain.  
In fact, if this new cryptocurrency worked similarly to bitcoin, its adoption would reinforce and exaggerate current financial inequalities: companies and people with a great deal of wealth would be able to invest in efficient ways of mining beyond what typical individuals could accomplish. Even if it was distributed based purely on competitions instead of a lottery system, the same problem would be there: those with the resources would become wealthier more than those without.  
This means that a new cryptocurrency would benefit existing companies and the wealthy more, which seems like it would undermine its legitimacy and perceived fairness.
@_date: 2013-04-05 03:46:54
If you look over on the right, you'll find a bunch of great links to help. [Here's the getting started link]( but you can also check out the FAQ, Common Myths, etc.  
Have fun! Once you've taken a look, I'm sure people here would be happy to help with your questions.
@_date: 2013-11-30 00:00:42
Will do... and I agree with your last comment and piece of advice, so I think that's a good note to end on. Best of luck to you.
@_date: 2013-11-29 23:01:58
I still disagree - all the same, thanks for explaining your views. Best of luck with your future relationships; if you find they're not going the way you want them to, keep in mind our discussion.
@_date: 2013-11-25 22:20:42
No, [thank you](
@_date: 2013-11-22 14:18:58
I think bitcoin is qualitatively different than second life. With second life you just stop playing, delete your account - you're no longer interested or (emotionally) invested. With bitcoin, if you've purchased some, they are now yours. Almost nobody is just going to delete or walk away from the value that they have there. People may sell their bitcoins if they're no longer interested, but if bitcoin works as the good store of value that we believe it will, then people probably won't sell their bitcoins if they become bored with it. 
@_date: 2013-11-26 23:37:55
Currency has traditionally been a unifying force, historically tying together different groups of people. It's fun to think of what might happen with a currency that fully eliminates the barriers of sending value between any two people in the world. This could be the beginning of people understanding that they are all part of a single community, and outgrowing the confines of nationalism.
@_date: 2013-12-07 18:45:20
Where are you trying to access the website from? If you're trying to access it from an institution, they may have taken steps to block it - I ran into this problem when trying to connect to the website through a university. Maybe ask some other people you know if they can access the website.
The website is still working fine for me - I can sign in with no problems as we speak. 
I know Donny. He set things up and automated them, and then moved on to other projects. I've passed on the information that people are having issues withdrawing their bitcoins. He hasn't "run off with all of the money". He hasn't responded to the bitcoinplus e-mail address, but that is a far cry from being a common thief and a scammer. Again, I would strongly recommend you check your facts before you jump to conclusions.
@_date: 2013-11-06 14:03:30
And with the whole open source thing, we've gone through lots of revisions with the software. Not everyone seems to realize that unless there's some undiscovered fatal flaw in Bitcoin, it can adapt to pretty much anything.
@_date: 2013-04-05 03:55:48
Great article, I hope major news organizations come across this to fix some of the misconceptions!
@_date: 2013-11-25 21:45:34
@_date: 2013-05-31 02:23:56
If we want to make it as a civilization we need to learn to make decisions based on the value things have for life and well-being. Yes, we need to leave the Earth eventually, but space stations or other planets are not going to treat us any better than the Earth, with billions of years of evolution feeding our economies, innovations and stomachs. Inflation encourages indiscriminate spending, but with deflation, you'd want to ensure that what you purchase will actually increase the value in your life more than holding on to those resources for tomorrow.  
Consider the priorities that we have right now. It seems you care about space exploration. NASA's projected budget for 2012 was  just over [16 billion dollars]( while the amount spent on pets was roughly [53 billion dollars]( The amount spent on cosmetics in the US is estimated to be [7 billion a year]( 
We know that people tend to overweight short-term benefits to long-term benefits, often with very negative consequences. Anything that encourages people to think a little more deeply about the long-term value of things (which I believe a deflationary currency would) is almost certainly a good thing. The economy isn't about keeping people doing busy work producing junk nobody will care about in a few months... it's about how best to manage the limited resources we have.
@_date: 2013-11-21 16:51:33
The universe is a bubble. Over enough time, we'll likely have either heat-death or a big crunch!
@_date: 2013-11-29 20:37:31
Japan and China have traditionally had women in charge of finances, and have traditionally had high birth rates. The modern trend of negative birth rates for Japan has very little to do with couples making decisions about finances.
I think being a man is about strength, perseverance, and the ability to overcome your own desires for the people you are close to. I think it takes a stronger, more secure, more intelligent man to be able to see the value of having a partner who is more than just a doormat. 
At no point did I say to let people walk all over you or to do whatever your partner says. That is not what making decisions together is about. If you ever decide to start a family, keep in mind that if your word is law, if you want your decisions to be absolute, people will see you as an immovable wall... and just walk around you, not bothering to tell you what is going on, because they know you are completely inflexible. To have real power, to have real sway in what goes on, you need to be seen to be _open to influence_. Not whimsical, or unprincipled, but people need to see that they can work with you, rather than forcing them to work against you.
@_date: 2013-11-19 06:21:09
You don't have to wonder! You can look at their current comment history. For example, fwaggle is now part of the community, and owns bitcoins (but still maintains skepticism over the deflationary aspect of them).
@_date: 2013-06-01 15:11:42
Though you could always just add the tip to a comment, and leave off the verify part... if subreddits got really annoyed, they could make those rules without getting spammed by bitcoin tips.
@_date: 2013-10-21 13:48:35
Yes... though each time bitcoin survives (stronger than before) after a bubble. Perhaps it's not ideal, but the bubbles seem to act as good stress tests for the system, pointing out weaknesses, and bringing more and more people around to actually looking into bitcoin, instead of just relying on what they've heard on the news or from friends.
@_date: 2013-11-14 04:30:05
To be fair, they also give you the option of purchasing bitcoin with the bounty. Like it or not, at the moment bitcoin is in a period of rapid increase in value, making it difficult to price things in bitcoin. 
Also, is there an announcement somewhere about retroactive fees? Although I did see a message about them starting to include fees for inactive accounts, I haven't seen anything about retroactive fees.