@_author: zozferatu
@_date: 2013-06-20 12:34:16
The mail was sent from Röhl · Dehm &amp; Partner Rechtsanwälte &lt;bitcoin &gt; .
They own the domain. I think I'll take my chances and reply. 
But there is a fuckload of things so wrong with this supposedly coming frow a lawyer. 
- EU privacy law dictates that they have to notify not only of collection of data, but also the reason, extent and justification. Just straight up asking doesn't work.
- I gave my email address and user account to Simon for site administration purpose, not to their lawyer so he can ask me my personal data because Simon fucked up. Never consented to that data transfer. Not consenting now.
Objection: "Well, what else are they supposed to do?"
Reply: He's the lawyer, he can figure it out. 
Objection:" You're nitpicking, you're getting your money back"
Reply: "Yeah, accompagnied by another fuckup / malicious setup. I'm pretty sure that personal data of mine is going straight to the German Krimi Polizei or whatever"
A piece of advice; when replying to this mail and handing over your data, include a sort of disclaimer that you want to know the reasons why and do not consent to further transfer of data anywhere else by Lawyer Röhl, or else be held accountable.
Lawyer Röhl can pretty sure get out fo that one (eg Police order takes priority etc), but he should have the decency to tell you what his intent is. 
@_date: 2013-06-20 14:43:36
They used my username of bitcoin24, they got the precise amount of euros (except for the handling fee not being subtracted) and they know I'm on the German account, not the Polish. 
They have that info from bitcoin24 database, this is not phishing. My complaint is that this is not a good way of handling things, violates EU data privacy laws and probably has a double agenda. 
@_date: 2013-05-02 15:15:41
So not only will we be able to get access to our money once again, the exchange will also be back online and we will each receive 10% extra bitcoins for the inconvenience. 
@_date: 2013-08-07 10:19:17
Meanwhile, the german account seems to be gradually resolved, but only if you give all your personal data.
The polish situation is different and will require more patience I'm afraid. I can't join you in a class action since meanwhile I got my money back, and I have no more legal interest.
@_date: 2013-06-20 14:54:37
The data they're asking is unrelated.
Bitcoin24 accepted my cash with only a name, a bank account number and a bitcoin24 user name in reference. 
Why now, for the return transaction, they want 
my address, birth date and place, nationality, is not in there. Why am I bothered? Because I'm positive that will be shared with the German police. 
I'm pretty pissed I'm likely ending up in those files because  of bitcoin24, and even more that they're trying to hide this fact. 
@_date: 2013-08-07 10:16:55
Almost every single cash transaction I do does not require that ID. Be it online or real life. If you think all these are illegal, refresh on your internet lawyership.