@_author: zqw10k
@_date: 2017-05-18 04:57:40


True that's how I feel right now which is causing my confusion. But other than that, is there anything pointing at Gavin for being a controlling person, wanting to centralize Bitcoin?
It's strange that SegWit is seen as the savior and the devil at the same time by different people, so I started digging in who supports it and why...
@_date: 2017-05-18 05:35:06
What is solid proof for you?
@_date: 2017-05-18 05:43:46
Why word it like this though?
"Run Bitcoin Unlimited. It is a viable, practical solution to destructive transaction congestion."
Also he retweets Ver's crap, ViaBTC and even the recent anti-SegWit Stephen Pair.
@_date: 2017-05-18 05:26:58
Well otherwise we have his early commit history for bitcoin core on GitHub such as: 
If you look here, you can see the earliest commits for bitcoin core, such as v1.5 has been committed by a shared account which includes Satoshi:
I don't know how much "proof" you want though as we don't have recorded voice or something like that with Satoshi saying "I hereby hand over the lead developer role to you, Gavin", here maybe something else that might help?
Satoshi, then Gavin, then Wladimir... Thought it was a known fact that these were the lead developers of Bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-05-18 04:50:52


Yes I do, and this subreddit has written multiple posts about him already, thanking him (use the search button):


No of course not just him and that's not the point of the post.
But he was the **lead** developer on Bitcoin Core, right after Satoshi designated him himself.
I'm not trying to prove my point or anything though, I'm just asking this kind community what the heck is going on.
@_date: 2017-05-18 05:59:33
Ok thanks for your input.
I thought as it's a hot topic at the moment, let's dig deeper in it.
I do think SegWit is beneficial as it will enable the lighting network to work which will be a great help to Bitcoin, more than what bigger blocks can give actually.
But I just found it strange that a lead developer is on almost the complete spectrum of this argument, which is why I was trying to resolve to this community.
It's a shame that this thread is getting downvoted, it's not an attack on SegWit, I am pro SegWit. It's just that I am trying to convince myself more that SegWit is a good thing by analyzing the opinion of other people and possibly smarter people than me and people that have been more involved in Bitcoin than myself...
@_date: 2017-05-18 05:47:59
And what if there is no record of that?
And how could you even know if Satoshi would truly be the Satoshi, inventor of Bitcoin?
You can't. The most reliable would be the version history of Bitcoin core or a general agreement that Gavin indeed was the second lead developer after Satoshi.
If you do not think Gavin was the second lead developer of Bitcoin core (which was originally the software designed for Bitcoin by Satoshi himself), who do you think was the second lead developer then?..
@_date: 2017-07-27 03:48:31
I also put my entire life savings in there.... It was not much but I needed that money. I'm a student and went to study in another country (almost otherside of the world where I'm from), and now I don't have the money to pay the plane back, my mother also poor can't afford it to pay and as such I'm trying to get an increase in my student loan (but my advisor of the bank is on vacation).... Add to that that I'm moving out of my appartment friday and can't even pay a bus ticket.
I will go to my girlfriends house this weekend, and her brothers can take us with car... Glad atleast I have a this left, but it's all I got.
I really hope they will open my account again in 5-10 days, it's possible after all.
If it weren't for religion I would have suicided probably. And I say this with tears in my eyes... Sorry to put this out on reddit like this, I just feel I need to or I collapse into an emotional mess
@_date: 2017-05-18 05:33:42
Thanks for the share, though now his most recent tweets are all pro Bitcoin Unlimited though...
And I know I need to make a decision on my own, it's just interesting (and suprising) that a lead developer is actually supporting Bitcoin Unlimited... This is the closest guy to Satoshi probably and it would wreck havoc for Bitcoin Core if Satoshi would say "SegWit is not enough anymore, I support Bitcoin Unlimited". (Though we don't know the identity of Satoshi, so we can never know what he actually supports, that's why I started searching through Gavin's tweets and posts, as a close related link to Satoshi - that's all)
@_date: 2017-05-18 15:08:27
Thanks a lot for this information, I'm sorry if it came over as aggressive as this was not what I intended and thank you for your explanation.
You are right, it's not correct to assume Gavin is the only important source of information and I really like the attribution graph you shared.
Thanks for your insight, again sorry developers I was coming over offensive it was not my honest intention to be offensive.
@_date: 2017-07-27 13:34:32
I pray for the best for you brother...
I've spoken with my father (parents are divorced) and he could help me to build back my life.... Hopefully btc-e still gets back though, I want my money back. The website have been through some shitstorms so my guess is they will get back evetually again