@_author: zukdoge
@_date: 2015-02-11 19:50:37
I only made one purchase from them, and that was a pre-order of a single Prospero X-1 miner. They seemed to have a good reputation, so I didn't think too much of it.
The thing that really grinds my gears is that when I requested a refund, they gave me their bit about not allowing any more refunds until orders clearing, but if I was interested I could volunteer to change my order to another miner that was COMPLETELY different and I'd have to pay them additional money for subsequent parts. I ended up doing quite a bit of research on consumer rights to refunds and quoted the laws to them, verbatim, and asked them how their company would be interpreting them. At that point they became silent and didn't respond to any more of my attempts to contact them.
I really do try to feel for both sides; I'm sure they had a ton of difficulties following through with manufacturing and increased pressure from angry customers. But as both a consumer and a business owner, I know that how they handled communication was unacceptable. If Bitcoin wants to be held in high regard in the for-profit sector, the businesses who try to squirrel their way out of responsibilities like this need to be addressed - otherwise, the average consumer will have no trust in Bitcoin as a whole. I know the biggest elephant in the room here is 'preorders', but we need to be vigilant that these sort of shady business tactics don't leak into other areas. Just my two cents. :)
@_date: 2015-02-11 18:20:55
No idea about the conversion price - I think it could have to do with impending lawsuits and refund requests having a snowball effect. I myself requested a refund and they said they would refuse to acknowledge any until all current orders were delivered. Now, personally, I feel if someone had a really good lawyer, they could put Minersource under fairly quickly. For example, if the price of bitcoin was $1200 when a huge order was placed, and then they were still unable to fulfill the order when the price hits $200, the customer's lawyer could argue that they would need the pay the difference. This could mean big trouble for Minersource if they didn't manage their money correctly. Considering they MOST LIKELY put all of their funds into finishing development of a preorder, extra manufacturing costs, and paying employees to ship and such, they could have already used that money. So by the time refund requests and lawsuits come around, they are in the red and just disappear off the face of the Earth.
It's sad really - and it makes me question the legitimacy of buying things with bitcoin. I know I can't let one bad apple spoil the bunch, but in most smaller claims courts, expecting the judges to know what bitcoin is and how it works is a long shot, and could leave a lot of consumers fending for themselves if they get stiffed on an order. There are a ton of laws protecting consumers as far as 'dollar' currency is concerned, but cryptocurrency is a different story. 
@_date: 2015-02-11 01:08:37
Apparently Minersource asked Black Arrow to send them more miners for for the preorder that had already been sent/received. When Black Arrow requested that the issue be fixed, Minersource stopped talking to them. So Black Arrow, being the manufacturer, stopped all activities with Minersource. No idea what has happened since then, but considering their website is down and no communication has been made with their customers, everybody with unfulfilled orders will most likely be SOL. :(