@_author: zver493
@_date: 2018-01-11 13:45:11
Hello, it is very a pity that you do not consider individual requests, there are actually a lot of people who need this help to create a bright future for themselves and children. There are a lot of people who work from morning till night and can not afford to buy a house or a car , go on vacation or just go to the zoo with children, arrange a child in a good school or college, and all because these people work diligently, and their work is not appreciated. Look at individual requests, a lot of good people need this help. not I am sure that you will answer, but I think that my letter will affect your opinion. You can give a chance that falls not so often. I also work very hard, and I do not get to buy a house or a car, I save every penny that would survive in this mad world. If I were very lucky I would have acquired a business, I have many ideas, only there is no finance to implement them, I would help some people who need help. Tell them about you, I was born in a poor country with small opportunities where you have to pay for everything, for what would you do in and institute, go into the army or settle down for a good job. Please share how you can earn bitcoin without mining and buying it, I do not have any money for this and this, I would like to earn it, for a bright future and also do good.
I think my letter will change your mind, it's very pleasant that you got it, and you do good things. Thank you for your attention.
@_date: 2018-01-13 00:42:44
Standart money laundering,are not you seetinq.
I also sent.How much was possible.How much was possible.
@_date: 2018-01-13 00:55:14
Well, as always, they do not pay poor and good attention,
everyone needs a hero.
@_date: 2018-01-10 22:33:37
Hello, it is very a pity that you do not consider individual requests, there are actually a lot of people who need this help to create a bright future for themselves and children. There are a lot of people who work from morning till night and can not afford to buy a house or a car , go on vacation or just go to the zoo with children, arrange a child in a good school or college, and all because these people work diligently, and their work is not appreciated. Look at individual requests, a lot of good people need this help. not I am sure that you will answer, but I think that my letter will affect your opinion. You can give a chance that falls not so often. I also work very hard, and I do not get to buy a house or a car, I save every penny that would survive in this mad world. If I were very lucky I would have acquired a business, I have many ideas, only there is no finance to implement them, I would help some people who need help. Tell them about you, I was born in a poor country with small opportunities where you have to pay for everything, for what would you do in and institute, go into the army or settle down for a good job. Please share how you can earn bitcoin without mining and buying it, I do not have any money for this and this, I would like to earn it, for a bright future and also do good.
I think my letter will change your mind, it's very pleasant that you got it, and you do good things. Thank you for your attention.