@_author: zwaartep1et
@_date: 2016-05-13 19:58:30
Update – I got a reply from support (after 4 days) indicating that the reason of my card being declined is that I have reached my spending limits and further account verification is required (there is no indication of this neither in the app nor in the account page).
This is fairly standard procedure and I've uploaded passport/proof of residence documents – but still do wonder why the hell this standard reply took 4 days – and why the verification process is going to take 10-15 (!!!) days?
@_date: 2016-05-12 13:02:25
I have the exact same experience every time I have to contact them.  Customer support sucks big time.
@_date: 2016-05-13 13:54:03
Well MyChoice was mentioned in the email *xapo* sent with the one time password and I may have had to click through but I definitely did not open an account with MyChoice.
My point is – I get it that the card is managed by a different company but all emails regarding the card come with Xapo branding so as far as I'm concerned I have one account with Xapo.
If I was ever *told* to contact MyChoice instead of them about card issues I would (and now I have) – this is exactly the problem that Xapo support doesn't *communicate*.  At least an they could send an *automatic email* back saying "Hey thanks for your email, we're looking into your request.  If you're contacting us about problems with your card please contact xxx
By the way 4 days since I contacted Xapo, got *nothing* back.  Polite follow-up sent 2 days ago but I've given up on them.
@_date: 2016-05-12 12:52:10
It's a great service when it works.
But every now and then the card gets blocked for no apparent reason.  Last time it happened to me it took 2 weeks (!) to sort it out with their upstream card provider.
I'm now having the exact same issue - card blocked again – contacted support and have yet to receive ANY reply back after two (!) days. If the last issue is of any indication I won't be able to use the card for two weeks but let's see.
Lesson: don't count on your Xapo card as your primary method of payment.
@_date: 2016-05-12 13:14:56
Well Xapo package &amp; sell both the wallet and the card in one service so they ARE my point of contact when there are any issues.  And there are, unfortunately.
In an email chain with Xapo support (when the card issuer blocked my card for no reason) the rep told me *not* to use the issuer's MyChoicePortal (which I wasn't even aware existed) because it can "cause problems".  
Fair enough but then I need a point of contact I can go to when the card stops working.
Sounds like the relationship between Xapo and their issuer is not exactly smooth, which is a pity.
