@_author: zyklonbutterfly
@_date: 2017-08-19 19:43:16
Ah I remember when I played RuneScape I would go along with someones ponzi until I got a reasonable amount of money and leave. It feels good to scam the scammers.
@_date: 2017-08-19 17:42:22
When people are using bitcoin from an undisclosed location it's very easy to get away with these scams compared with using credit cards or national currency in general, because the law can crack down on the scammers.
@_date: 2017-08-10 20:30:55
A youtube Preciousmetalbug channel made a conspiracy theory about cryptocurrencies being used to create one world government based on complete ignorance. 
I made 2 responses&gt;&gt;  Bitcoin did not double in supply it split into two separate cryptocurrencies with values that fluctuate against eachother. The way things happened is that anyone who had bitcoin was able to get an equal supply of bitcoincash(a separate cryptocurrency) they are not equivalent to eachother so no new bitcoin have been created.﻿
Full of s*** right off the bat. You have to get people to use it in spite of alternatives that governments can't control and don't inflate. Making an easier to use government run currency won't suddenly allow them to stop you from using alternatives. Tangible things can only be ID'ed and have there ID's on a blockchain so governments can make transfer of those ID's associated with ownership of that property(as evidence of ownership) because that way they can secure ownership in a transparent way that can't be denied and that's what is meant by digitization of assets. but that can't make the system they'd be trying to implement work because they can't stop the movement of cryptocurrencies across borders by having their own digital currency. Your acting like an Alex Jones wannabe you sack of s***.﻿
@_date: 2017-08-10 16:05:20
Here's a solution go with the cryptocurrency with no fees(you still have to perform proof of work to make a transaction which costs energy) and who's transaction times shorten with increased transaction volume. (though at present can be ridiculously slow to very fast. it varies.). IOTA