@_author: zyuko22
@_date: 2018-09-23 00:26:28
The rise of bitcoin will cause a drastic change in the socioeconomic status quo. If bitcoin reaches its potential as the global digital store of value, then people who bought bitcoin will obtain more buying power than they did before.  Those who don’t will consequentially have less buying power.  
This would also imply the US dollar will have less buying power, due to the new alternative of BTC  lowering its demand. The reason is because if more vendors start accepting BTC , and people now divvy up their spending capability into BTC and USD (instead of solely USD as it currently stands), then overall supply of value increases, which decreases demand for specifically USD. This would lead to price levels increasing for stuff bought solely in US dollars.
Those in poverty would have even less spending potential than they do now. A large portion of the population could become desperate and more akin to committing crime to survive.
This would be the only real decrease in survival chances haha. Don’t really know what else could spur that
@_date: 2018-06-06 13:38:55
Lol. Well they didn’t steal you’re iota, they simply took a snapshot of the history to rid the network of pending transactions that were slowing the network because of a current lack of full nodes. All you have to do is keep reattaching addresses until your balance comes back and you can still do this. This will be done automatically in the trinity Wallet... so that answers your first concern.
As for the centralization, there is currently a coordinator in place to help attach incoming tips to the tangle, while fending off constant 51% attacks that have yet to be successful. All of this to say, the coordinator will slowly be removed as more full nodes come online. This is necessary cause oppositely to that of blockchains, the tangle starts out slow, and increases in speed as more transactional volume increases. But first it needs a foundation of full nodes to accommodate the volume. All of which is coming along swimmingly. This difference is due to the fact that it runs on a DAG architecture. If you don’t know what that is then I suggest you do some research before throwing accusations.
I feel you are just misunderstood and not fully informed on how the tangle operates, because just like any other crypto, iota has developers who write the protocol, very much different from a company running it.
And even this was some company running the whole thing, the best tech will be adopted. If it is capable of fulfilling what it is setting out to do (machine economy, feeless, positively exponentially scalability) and it completely is, then the iota coin which is a utility for the protocol will rise in value.
Would the car megabranda BMW, VW (by association Audi, Porsche, Lamborghini, Bentley, Bugatti), Ford, And Daimler partner with iota to enable the autonomous driving industry if this wasn’t a sure fire proposal?
Would Bosch, Fujitsu, Intel, Samsung, and many more microprocessor companies agree to utilize iota for their IoT connected chips is it wasn’t capable of producing?
For crying out loud the damn United Nations agreed to implement iota into their operations. Deutsche Bank agreed to implement them in their operations. The city of Taipei has signed an agreement promising they will implement iota in becoming a Smart City.
You really need to stop being persuaded by the damn Twitterverse because every idiot who invested in mining equipment will throw any amount of FUD to ensure iota doesn’t succeed in making miners obsolete. Do yourself a favor real quick and start looking into it. This is the best and most real advice you’ll receive from a random person. Don’t waste it
@_date: 2018-06-06 03:59:34
Here's a solution, use iota and never need a miner again...  Bitcoin will retain value because of the name, but iota is actually changing the game and will be the one to mold the future.  just wait and see.  If you dont know what iota is or why it is fundamentally better, i encourage you to take a few hours and read about it.  whether you invest or not, you dont want to look back and say you missed out on the greatest opportunity of our lifetime because you didnt feel like looking into the only crypto that is actually different then all the others
@_date: 2019-08-28 19:39:39
I’m not saying Craig is or he isn’t. But I would think someone who makes a new technology that that renders the old system completely obsolete would most likely be assassinated, so I’m guessing he wanted to stay hidden initially, but when it became the worldwide phenomenon, his ego got to big to not get the credit.
Again, idk if he is or isn’t. Chances are he isn’t nakamoto, its most likely Hal Finney and a few other guys. Craig is most likely one of the early guys involved
@_date: 2018-06-06 14:13:03
You’re so right. Saying lol disqualifies all my knowledge. And just so you know I’ve reclaimed my iota 3 times over the past year on the wallet. Worked just as they said it would. But go ahead. Proceed with your blockchain. I’m pretty sure one idiot who can’t who can’t follow directions and gave up on retrieving his coins must mean the whole protocol is useless. I’ll be sure to call the United Nations and tell them they made a mistake lol
@_date: 2018-06-06 04:17:03
Thanks for the level headed input, ill give it a look
@_date: 2019-04-21 15:28:55
I could spend it here. And then spend it in any other continent without needing to pay fees just to be able to purchase something in that country
@_date: 2019-01-27 14:07:42
im guessing as that time rounds near, in which the reward gets infinitely smaller because the total number of bitcoins is topping off, miners will most likely come together and fork bitcoin to allowing more coins to be mined.  if that doesnt happen, its plausible to say bitcoin could collapse because there wont be any miners will to pay the electricity fee for hashing power.  Although by that time, which is around \~2120 i think, Bitcoin will probably have such a firm hold on the foundation of our economy that something will be put in place to maintain the network.
@_date: 2019-01-16 12:50:12
More valuable than it was two years ago. Bout 100% up
@_date: 2018-12-06 02:59:28
BCH was a total fail.  creators were pissed that they got pushed out of meaningful hashpower.  they tried to fool people into thinking bitcoin is still meant to be spent on everyday things.  what they fail to admit is that bitcoin is now a settlement instrument. there is too much competition in the everyday spending arena.  bitcoin is now a large pool of value and it does not need to maintain low transaction costs to maintain its value as god father of crypto.  BCH was destined to fail since the start. all it was was a marketing attempt that failed and never came to fruition.  it will still be around, but lets get real, this crap is done.