@_author: zzbzq
@_date: 2018-01-31 02:23:09
So basically this is the real cause of the crash which began in December. The whales (presumably the same ones messing around with lots of Tether, whether legit or not) already knew about this from December 6 and so now we're sitting here wondering whether this subpoena was already priced in or not.
On the one hand people are assuming Bitcoin was pumped hard by funny money, so there's some major panic selling going on now.
But on the other hand the people who really made this happen seem to have already pulled out their money 2 months ago to try to take profits and possibly create some fraudulent accounting ledgers that make it look like nothing happened. This would cause the market to pull back 50 percent.
It's not clear whether Bitcoin is due for a huge dip or whether that was already priced in as of 2 months ago.
@_date: 2018-01-31 00:35:42
It's my new coin Bitcoin Cash Cash. Bitcoin Cash has lost its way and is now too obsessed with stopping Bitcoin instead of being a decentralized currency. My new coin Bitcoin Cash Cash is the true embodiment of Roger Ver's vision of Jihan Wu's vision of Satoshi Nakamoto's vision of a currency of the future. Bitcoin Cash Cash. Sometimes shortened to an abbreviation pronounced "b-c-c-tsch."
Bitcoin Cash Cash is faster than Bitcoin Cash because it's done away with small blocks and instead has one gigantic block which is a MySql database running on Windows Server 2003.
Bitcoin Cash Cash is the real Bitcoin Cash which is the real Bitcoin. Bitcoin Cash Core has been overtaken by fraudsters who only want to centralize the currency and don't obey the will of the truly democratic movement. Bitcoin Cash Cash is the one true Bitcoin Cash.
@_date: 2018-01-10 15:45:54
This actually happens in every industry, discipline, and hobbyist community. It was a pet peeve of mine but now I mostly accept it. The average human has a limited vocabulary and goes back to over-utilizing certain insider terms. I think there's also some kind of sociological group-signaling behavior motivating it. It's how we get business jargon. It's worst when the usage is completely idiosyncratic in all cases. For example in the popular online game League of Legends, players use the word "carry" as an adjective, noun, verb, etc., and it's basically a non-word like saying "stuff" or "thing" where the listener has to infer the entirety of the meaning from context.
@_date: 2017-12-22 13:07:07
My first year of working full-time, I put a bunch of extra payments in my 401k, thinking I would get ahead. Instead, the account lost like 5% money. I was furious, it was like putting money into a black hole.
Fast forward several years and the annual returns for each subsequent year after that bad first year have exceeded projections. With my continued payments combined with interest, the account has 10s of thousands $ in it and is on proper track for recommended retirement levels.
I learned my lesson and stopped throwing most extra payments in the 401k though. It's not that great of an investment. Especially if you die young.
@_date: 2017-12-21 03:44:54
Isnt insider trading cryptocurrency already illegal? I read a while ago insider trading laws dont actually specify certain asset classes such as stocks or bonds. Its more just about whether what youre doing is bad enough to get a prosecutor on your csse. Maybe someone should just get a lawyer and go after Ver rather than complaining.
@_date: 2017-12-06 21:31:30
Costs of doing arbitrage, for example if an exchange has a lot of fees, lower price, if an exchange uses tether instead of real money, also lower price. Miner fees are really high these days so that also affects the ability to do arbitrage.
To see what I'm talking about, get out a pen and paper and see how much money you'd lose trying to buy on bittrex and sell on gdax. All in all it's not worth it, otherwise automated software would be taking care of the gap.
@_date: 2017-12-22 03:32:21
bointcoin.tax website says you always had to pay cap gains on every trade. Some people tried to report cross-crypto swaps as "like-kind" but that doesn't even make sense since different crypto are independently priced and fully distinguishable. Seems like this bill would just clarify that, no, you can't do that.
@_date: 2017-12-06 22:09:55
IMO a spike this big is pure bubble-greed, Bitcoin shouldn't be worth this much until enough people want it as a long term investment based on its finite supply, what we're seeing now is money coming in from people buying as a get-rich-quick scheme. We will run out of those people and then get bored. The question is how and when do we get back on track.
@_date: 2017-12-24 16:33:17
You're doing a good job highlighting the central fallacy/brain damage of people who support bcash. You're focused on Bitcoin's flaw, and under the fallacy of false dichotomy, conclude bcash is the best coin since it doesn't have that flaw. But scan back over to the left of your table: Bcash is just an evil, shitty Litecoin. There's literally no reason to support bcash unless you're one of the many clickfarm workers on their huge shill payroll. 
There's a hundred coins out there and they're almost all better than Bitcoin right now, and they're also better than bcash. With Bitcoin they at least have some hopes in the pipeline of how to scale without becoming bcash. If it doesn't work out, it will fade into the sunset, but NOT to make way for bcash. Bcash is a shitty scam.
@_date: 2017-12-07 18:28:19
@_date: 2017-12-22 14:09:37
Don't project your all-or-nothing attitude onto the situation.
My point was just about how I experienced a dip in the stock market which bit me right when I first started earning income, and how it all turned out fine within a year.
My aside about the 401k is not some all-or-nothing rejection of it, I just said it's overrated to begin with and I never should have been putting near the max yearly contribution like I was. It's hard to beat the employer-matched amount (the matching isn't really free money since there's still an opportunity cost. More like cheap money.) Other than that, currently my 401k is still my weakest investment. It might be better than my house but I don't count my house as an investment. The selling point should be that the 401k is my safest investment, although with it being locked up for decades that leaves a lot of time for the banks or government to fuck it up for me.
@_date: 2017-12-07 14:09:51
I think there's a bit of a community split on that. I spent the first 5+ years of bitcoin being very opposed to it, specifically because the number of zealots touting it as a replacement as everyday currency was at its all time high. I only became interested in it because I started viewing it as a security and comparing it to stocks or gold, which initially is not really what the community was promoting it for but now there's quite a few of us.
Right now bitcoin would be the worst ever currency because of its transaction fees and speed are just worse than money. All it's potentially good for is sending very large wire transfers faster. You also have the issue it doesn't really do anything fiat can't be made to do, but fiat can do things like become paper, offer refunds and customer service, chargebacks, etc. Maybe LN and layer 2 can change a lot of that, but only by becoming literally banks and all these other things bitcoiners allegedly hate. 
Even then, you still have the idea that economists agree deflationary currency causes economic depression, so you might have bitcoin supplant currency only to destroy the economy. I agree with economists on that, so yeah I think bitcoin as an investment and bitcoin as the ultimate currency are incompatible.
@_date: 2017-08-13 17:17:30
The worst part of it is that it's a document transfer format that has to be used for individual messages (REST APIs and the legacy of AJAX-derived techniques to use web pages as interactive applications instead of documents.) That is, HTTP is used as a universal network application protocol, but all of the particulars of HTTP are only useful to a web browser's navigation feature. Predefined HTTP verbs, predefined error codes, media types and the accept header, everything-as-a-resource (endpoints are nouns), query strings, I could probably go on. Nobody asked for most of those things, except the browser's address bar. 
What I alluded to with the HTTP/1.1 hack is the entire point of HTTP/1.0 was to make a protocol over TCP that closes the TCP session after a single request/response pair. That was the whole point, and it was a terrible idea so they hacked it to be able to reuse session. The whole thing is opaque to the application programmer, who is expected to assume each HTTP call is discrete and separate, but in fact the Internet only continues to work insofar as the calls are *not* separate and reuse the same TCP port, because each SSL TCP session requires umpteen roundtrips across the entire Internet to establish the TCP session.
Built on top of the 7 layer OSI model, HTTP flattens everything thereafter into a single layer which ends up being really stupid, especially when engineers who only know HTTP start building fiercely layered systems. As a result you end up with a bunch of headers that talk to different layers of an application stack, and you get back headers or errors from different layers, all smushed into a flattened list. An absurd result of this is you can send an HTTP request to an external Internet server, and get back an error code from your company's internal proxy, and have no idea where that error code actually came from. Actually, having to do tech support for a company's internal problems is a regular occurrence. Similar problems can occur within a nested server architecture where it's not clear if an error is occurring in application code or in a load balancer, deep in the server framework, or in actual business logic etc.
@_date: 2017-08-13 03:33:08
Bad metaphor though, HTTP is a shit protocol as protocols go. Such chaotic mismash. The central idea was so bad they had to hack it into its own opposite in version 1.1. It's like professional engineers made the network stack and then a clown made HTTP on top of it.
@_date: 2017-08-26 14:38:01
Is everything really blue and poorly lit?
@_date: 2017-11-24 21:39:04
To be fair at any given day this year its more likely than not been near an all time high
@_date: 2017-11-26 21:25:14
I lol'd he was so serious: "most of them are what they call hoddlers."
@_date: 2017-11-29 20:43:40
just wow
@_date: 2017-09-26 22:49:45
Bitcoin is different from fiat in that it has algorithm-enforced supply. I agree with that.
I feel like someone else is about to chime in and say having algorithm enforced supply is somehow the same thing as having no government, but that's plainly false. They're independent properties. Simple counterexample: A national government could make a currency with algorithm-enforced supply. Another counterexample: a fully decentralized cryptocurrency could launch with no supply limit (someone can surely name some already.) Completely separate properties.
@_date: 2017-09-18 04:12:24
Im not clearly understanding the attack youre proposing but it seems like at that point he has enough control, info and or elevation of privilege to just take the coins without waiting for you.
@_date: 2017-09-04 15:34:21
Self-fulfilling prophecy, people positioned at the exact numbers
@_date: 2017-09-26 20:09:16
Cant agree with this part. Government is ultimately relative. Bitcoin in a sense has a a government of its own.
@_date: 2017-10-15 02:13:11
I have a question.
One thing I wonder about the Bitcoin community, namely those who want Bitcoin to replace existing currencies for everyday use: do you know, understand, and still reject existing economist's views on inflation in currency? Or do you just assume inflation is bad and therefore Bitcoin deflation is a win-win? My feeling is most Bitcoin-as-currency advocates are not really aware about established views. My feeling is most just assume currency gaining value is great. Having memes like this where the motive is basically more vague anti-government paranoia doesn't help change my mind on that.
I don't have strong feelings on it either way and I have Bitcoins so I'd love for it to take over the world etc., but I've yet to see a solid, convincing argument (or really any argument) to unseat the established views on inflation (namely, that a little bit of inflation is good/desirable, and any amount of deflation is piss-your-pants scary.) These are the established views on currency inflation that AFAIK are unanimous common sense in economics.