@_author: zzedar
@_date: 2014-01-24 18:47:38


Maybe so. But, see, Bitcoin is fully within the realm of traditional economics. The problem with it isn't that it's new and untested; the problem is that it's an old thing that's been done many times before.
@_date: 2014-01-24 02:36:37


You mean, before the Fed was established in 1913? Or perhaps you mean before 1933, when it was directly based on metals and therefore the government couldn't manipulate the monetary base?


Yes, that's precisely my point. Governments are and will always be unwilling to accept tax payment in any form other than their own currency. It's not just Bitcoin -- you can't pay US taxes in Euros, or French (income) taxes in dollars. You can't pay taxes in the form of gold or land or stocks (with one exception; some governments will accept non-currency assets as payment for back taxes, but that's more in the nature of a criminal fine than taxation as such). There were some historical countries that accepted foreign coinage, but that was in the days of specie. To the best of my knowledge, no legitimate government in the world does so now.
And this leads to a key fact -- there are several countries that have almost no taxes, usually because they get their revenue from state-owned natural resources (oil). Every one of these countries has a currency pegged to that of some other country, usually the United States (for instance, Qatar has its currency pegged at 3.64 riyals to the dollar). Without the tax payment use, that's the only way to maintain the value of the currency. I maintain that Bitcoin is in a similar situation.


You miss the point. Yes, liquid markets and high volume of transfers will eventually give it a stable price, as they would anything. The problem that that price will be determined by its fundamentals. That's the point of markets, that prices will eventually stabilize at the fundamental value. And Bitcoin's fundamental value is very low. If given long enough, and a highly liquid market, it will eventually stabilize at the value of its non-currency uses. (And keep in mind, the price of verification services is likely to drop over the next few decades -- the supply is increasing much faster than demand is).
No one wants Bitcoin just for the sake of having Bitcoin -- people want it *only* as a form of payment. Government currencies are useful even if you never plan to buy anything with them. Gold was historically useful for its aesthetic qualities, which made it good for jewelry. I suppose it's theoretically possible that someone could come up with a non-monetary use for Bitcoin that has a high value, but barring that....
@_date: 2014-01-25 00:07:39
Nope. The verification and "printing" mechanisms of Bitcoin are decentralized, but that's it. The vast majority of practices that centralize power over money would work just fine with Bitcoin -- the money supply can be manipulated even if the monetary base cannot. The Fed could still set interest rates, which is the primary tool of monetary policy. The government can issue bonds, and even without seigniorage, its confiscatory authority will make them very solid. (Private On the fiscal side, the government can run a deficit, adjust tax levels, etc. Remember, for the first two decades of the Fed's existence, the US was on the gold standard and thus could not print money at will.
Now, that said, removing the ability to print money would reduce the power of the government to precisely achieve its desired ends. But that wouldn't stop it from trying -- it would just be using blunter instruments, which would increase the possibility of it screwing things up.
@_date: 2014-01-23 20:27:12


I'd note a couple of things here. First, when the volatility has been high enough, people really do stop using it -- think of those famous images of Germans using marks to heat their homes.
More importantly, though, government currencies have an advantage that Bitcoin lacks: you can use them to pay your taxes. This gives them a fundamental, inherent value. Currencies, like stocks, will over time return to their fundamental value, even if they deviate in the short term. Now, Bitcoin does have the verification/timestamp use that gives it some inherent value beyond its usage as currency, but that's a much weaker backstop for a number of reasons (less demand, the existence of alternatives, etc.)
To be clear, this doesn't mean that I think Bitcoin has no use, it clearly does. But that use is symbiotic on government currencies, not competitive with them. It's useful primarily as a transfer/payment system, and that depends on the fact that you can convert it into existing government currencies. If those currencies died out, they would take Bitcoin with them.