
@_date: 1996-11-01 14:13:11
@_author: Jeremiah A Blatz 
@_subject: Moneychangers and Shylocks 
Not that you can really know... I have been to East Africa (Tanzania),
and have seen the conditions of both the rich, the poor, and the
rural. First off, it's at best difficult to compare happiness. I mean,
at the extreme you have the Taoist philosophy that happiness is
constant, which has more than a kernel of truth to it. If you're
living out in the sticks, you don't expect to live past 35, so what's
the biggie if you don't? However, I'm not quite that nihilist, and so
I try to make some judgements about who is happier than who.
To start off with, you say you want the chance of getting a "better"
life. Here there's some difficulty in defining a reasonable chance.
The chance of someone in a Dar Es Salaam shanty being able to move
into better accomodations in the city is zero. Really, truly, zero.
Those who are in power have no interest in letting somone take their
power away. The elite is closed. The best that a shanty resident can
do is hope to be able to support one more child. (This is not as
unimportant as it might seem to some westerners. It's a big thing to
have many {male} children in most of Africa.) So, it could be argued
that the presence of wealth just taunts the underclass in that sort of
My impression was that rural folks are the happier. They have a more
supportive society, less crime, and don't really have much of a
shorter lifespan thant the city folk.
Not true. "Society" has passed through Africa many times, the people
revert to their previous ways.
But that's the only way it hapens in the third world. The only time
foreign aid is not gutted by corrupt beaurocrats is when the
Westerners go there and manage the projects themselves. This is quite
different from a loan.
Heh, have you ever *seen* a third world factory 10 years after it was
built. Nice bit of scap, that.
I dunno, pearls befre swine still applies. It's not that I think
lending is bad, but large economic development loans to thrild world
countries continue to support corruption and oppression, and not much
else. "standing on top of the world/ never knew how you never could/ never knew
 why you never could live/ innocent life that everyone did" -Wormhole
