
@_date: 1993-10-08 15:25:47
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: distributed autonomous networks 
solar power
haha...  Well, telephone lines are not a good source of power, because
if you draw too much current, you will get caught very easily when the
customer starts having problems and complains.  I like the EMF idea tho!
 It would probably work fairly well, and would be undetectable unless
they actually went up to check it out.  In most areas, power is carried
by high voltage lines (several thousand volts) and then they have a
transformer every block or so to convert it down to 120v (or 240v or
whatever).  But those high voltage lines do produce a large magnetic
field.  If you strung wires parallel to them, you could get a pretty
sizeable amount of power out of it (enough to run a transmitter at
Heat to electricity: possible but not practical.  Thermocouples can be
expensive and don't produce too much power.  You'd need to place it by
something constantly warm, especially at night.  Solar panels with
rechargeable batteries would probably work best.  That way, the box
could be located in a tall tree or somewhere away from other obvious
power sources, or in other less conspicuous locations.
Well, for international, we might be able to pirate a few unused
frequencies on satellites, altho this might piss off some big name guys
just enuff to get the cops after us.  There's the possibility of
reflecting radio waves off the moon, but of course this would not work
all the time.
Infrared:  IR works well for short distances, and can not be intercepted
easily, but can scattered by rain and fog.  (Polarized light might help
filter noise somewhat tho.)  Furthermore, it has to be direct line of
sight, and can't be situated where something might move in the path of
the beam.  Perhaps someone living on a hill could put up a big aluminum
reflector, and people could focus beams of light onto it.
As for hiding messages in other signals, there's always the possibility
of using ultrasound on a voice frequency...(if the frequency is high
enuff to make it feasible)
Yep, I think so...  I like the idea.
