
@_date: 1994-02-24 02:40:42
@_author: catalyst-remailer at netcom.com 
@_subject: CERT funding 
It is precisely when someone says "don't get worried about _____" when
I begin to wonder exactly what they have to hide.
Every government bureaucrat I have met says exactly the same thing.
The idea is to always give the impression of being "hungry" -- if you
think your budget is adequate, obvious it is too much, and if you
think your sources of funding are "secure", then you are taking them
for granted.  Believe me ... I played the game for many years.
You are very naive!  Just because something is funded by an
intelligence agency does NOT mean that it is going to be a brand-new,
state of the art system.  The 3-letter agencies have LOTS of old but
serviceable Suns, DECs, Macs, PCs, etc. internally and their
contractors have the same.  Yes, if they were doing cryptanalysis
they'd have beefier gear, but that is not what CERT does.
The problem is that when one is funded by DARPA or directly by one of
the armed services, the amount of your award is supposed to be public.
Usually companies announce it via a press release -- it is
prestigious.  HOWEVER, it is usually a condition of doing business
with the intelligence community that the existence and amount of your
contract award is kept secret.  THat's just the way they work.
Don't be lulled by the "grad-student" types either.  the intelligence
agencies have funded a lot of university-affiliated research.  Most of
the grad students and first-real-job people aren't privy to the
internal funding and resposbility and deliverables of the group.
Were you asked about your ability to get a security clearance?  According to one article, CERT people now are getting clearances.  Yes, other CERT-type teams exist.  They are collected in an
organization called FIRST, the Federation of Incident Response Teams.
They do share (some) info.  Blackworld teams have different issues and
do not generally participate, since their risk exposure is different
and their issues are usually different as well.  But they exist too.
Sign me... "one who knows"
