
@_date: 1994-02-04 17:47:39
@_author: Dan Brown 
@_subject: doj_escrow_intercept.procedures 
U.S. Department of Justice
Washington, D.C. 20530
February 4, 1994
AUTHORIZATION PROCEDURES FOR RELEASE OF ENCRYPTION KEY COMPONENTS         IN CONJUNCTION WITH INTERCEPTS PURSUANT TO TITLE III
The following are the procedures for the release of escrowed key components in conjunction with lawfully authorized interception of communications encrypted with a key-escrow encryption method. These procedures cover all electronic surveillance conducted pursuant to Title III of the Omnibus crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968, as amended (Title III), Title 18, United States Code, Section 2510 et seq.
interception of wire and/or electronic communications.
shall contain provisions authorizing after-the-fact minimization, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 2518(5), permitting the interception and retention of coded communications, including encrypted during the course of any lawfully authorized interception that communications encrypted with a key escrow encryption method are being utilized, they may obtain a certification from the investigative agency conducting the investigation, or the Attorney General of the United States or designee thereof. Such certification shall
authority conducting the interception and the person providing the certification; obtained to conduct electronic surveillance regarding these communications; interception has been authorized; of specification the source of the authorization;
authorization are being encrypted with a key-escrow encryption encryption chip providing such encryption; and
decryption device that will be used by the law enforcement agency or other authority for decryption of the intercepted certification to each of the designated key component escrow agents. If the certification has been provided by an investigative agency, as soon thereafter as practicable, an attorney associated with the United States Attorney's Office supervising the investigation shall provide each of the key component escrow agents with written confirmation of the certification.
investigative agency, each key component escrow agent shall release the necessary key component to the requesting agency. The key components shall be provided in a manner that assures they cannot be used other than in conjunction with the lawfully authorized electronic surveillance for which they were requested.
copy of the certification of the requesting agency, as well as the subsequent confirmation of the United States Attorney's Office. In addition, the requesting agency shall retain a copy of the certification and provide copies to the following for retention in accordance with normal record keeping requirements:
investigation, and
surveillance phase of the investigation, the ability of the requesting agency to decrypt intercepted communications shall terminate, and the requesting agency may not retain the key electronic surveillance in cases for which escrowed key components have been released;
escrow encryption chip are being used only by an investigative agency authorized to conduct electronic surveillance of communications encrypted with that chip; and electronic surveillance phase of the investigation, the ability of the requesting agency to decrypt intercepted communications is States Courts pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 2519(2), the Assistant Attorney General for the Criminal Division shall, with respect to any order for authorized electronic surveillance for which escrowed encryption components were released and used for decryption, specifically note that fact.
These procedures do not create, and are not intended to create, any substantive rights for individuals intercepted through electronic surveillance, and noncompliance with these procedures shall not provide the basis for any motion to suppress or other objection to the introduction of electronic surveillance evidence lawfully acquired.
U.S. Department of Justice
Washington, D.C. 20530
February 4, 1994
AUTHORIZATION PROCEDURES FOR RELEASE OF ENCRYPTION KEY COMPONENTS
    IN CONJUNCTION WITH INTERCEPTS PURSUANT TO STATE STATUTES
Key component escrow agents may only release escrowed key components to law enforcement or prosecutorial authorities for use in conjunction with lawfully authorized interception of communications encrypted with a key-escrow encryption method. These procedures apply to the release of key components to State and local law enforcement or prosecutorial authorities for use in conjunction with interceptions conducted pursuant to relevant State statutes authorizing electronic surveillance, and Title III of the Omnibus crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968, as amended, Title 18, United States Code, Section 2510 et seq.
authority must be conducting an interception of wire and/or electronic communications pursuant to lawful authorization.
submitted to the key component escrow agents by the principal prosecuting attorney of the State, or of a political subdivision thereof, responsible for the lawfully authorized electronic political subdivision of such State shall submit with the request for escrowed key components a certification that shall
authority conducting the interception and the prosecuting attorney responsible therefor; interception has been obtained to conduct electronic surveillance regarding these communications; interception has been authorize;
of specification the source of the authorization;
authorization are being encrypted with a key-escrow encryption chip providing such encryption; and decryption device that will be used by the law enforcement agency or other authority for decryption of the intercepted prosecuting attorney of that State or political subdivision to each of the designated key component escrow agents.
prosecuting attorney of the State or political subdivision, each key component escrow agent shall release the necessary key component to the intercepting State or local law enforcement agency or other authority. The key components shall be provided in a manner that assures they cannot be used other than in conjunction with the lawfully authorized electronic surveillance for which they were requested.
copy of the certification of the principal prosecuting attorney of the State or political subdivision. In addition, such prosecuting attorney shall provide a copy of the certification to the Department of Justice, for retention in accordance with normal record keeping requirements.
surveillance phase of the investigation, the ability of the intercepting law enforcement agency or other authority to decrypt intercepted communications shall terminate, and the intercepting law enforcement agency or other authority may not retain the key inquiry to
electronic surveillance in cases for which escrowed key components have been released;
escrow encryption chip are being used only by an investigative agency authorized to conduct electronic surveillance of communications encrypted with that chip; and
electronic surveillance phase of the investigation, the ability of the requesting agency to decrypt intercepted communications is States Courts pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 2519(2), the principal prosecuting attorney of a State or of a political subdivision of a State may, with respect to any order for authorized electronic surveillance for which escrowed encryption components were released and used for decryption, desire to note that fact.
These procedures do not create, and are not intended to create, any substantive rights for individuals intercepted through electronic surveillance, and noncompliance with these procedures shall not provide the basis for any motion to suppress or other objection to the introduction of electronic surveillance evidence lawfully acquired.
U.S. Department of Justice
Washington D.C. 20530
February 4, 1994
AUTHORIZATION PROCEDURES FOR RELEASE OF ENCRYPTION KEY COMPONENTS
         IN CONJUNCTION WITH INTERCEPTS PURSUANT TO FISA
The following are the procedures for the release of escrowed key components in conjunction with lawfully authorized interception of communications encrypted with a key-escrow encryption method. These procedures cover all electronic surveillance conducted pursuant to the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act (FISA), Pub. L. 95-511, which appears at Title 50, U.S. Code, Section 1801 et interception of wire and/or electronic communications.
course of any lawfully authorized interception that communications encrypted with a key-escrow encryption method are being utilized, they may obtain a certification from an agency authorized to participate in the conduct of the interception, or from the Attorney General of the United States or designee thereof. Such certification shall
the interception and the person providing the certification;
interception has been authorized;
of specification the source of the authorization;
authorization are being encrypted with a key-escrow encryption encryption chip providing such encryption; and
decryption device that will be used by the agency participating in the conduct of the interception for decryption of the intercepted designated key component escrow agents. If the certification has been provided by an agency authorized to participate in the conduct of the interception, a copy shall be provided to the Department of Justice, Office of Intelligence Policy and Review. As soon as possible, an attorney associated with that office shall provide each of the key component escrow agents with written confirmation of the certification.
escrow agent shall release the necessary key component to the agency participating in the conduct of the interception. The key components shall be provided in a manner that assures they cannot be used other than in conjunction with the lawfully authorized electronic surveillance for which they were requested.
copy of the certification, as well as the subsequent written confirmation of the Department of Justice, Office of Intelligence Policy and Review.
surveillance phase of the investigation, the ability of the agency participating in the conduct of the interception to decrypt intercepted communications shall terminate, and such agency may not retain the key components.
electronic surveillance in cases for which escrowed key components have been released;
escrow encryption chip are being used only by an agency authorized to participate in the conduct of the interception of communications encrypted with that chip; and electronic surveillance phase of the investigation, the ability of the agency participating in the conduct of the interception to decrypt intercepted communications is terminated.
Intelligence and the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence, pursuant to Section 108 of FISA, shall, with respect to any order for authorized electronic surveillance for which escrowed encryption components were released and used for decryption, specifically note that fact.
These procedures do not create, and are not intended to create, any substantive rights for individuals intercepted through electronic surveillance, and noncompliance with these procedures shall not provide the basis for any motion to suppress or other objection to the introduction of electronic surveillance evidence lawfully acquired.
