
@_date: 1994-03-17 20:03:02
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Anonymous remailers 
This info on internet anonymous remailers is maintained by
Matthew Ghio Last Updated: Mar 14 1994
The newest version of this document can be obtained by sending mail
to: mg5n+remailers at andrew.cmu.edu
Automated software will email you a copy.
Notice: There have been many changes lately to various remailers.
I try to keep this info as up to date as possible, but I may have missed
something.  If there are any errors, please let me know.
The standard cypherpunks anonymous remailers are:
hfinney at shell.portal.com
catalyst at netcom.com
nowhere at bsu-cs.bsu.edu
remailer at chaos.bsu.edu
hh at soda.berkeley.edu
ebrandt at jarthur.claremont.edu
remailer at merde.dis.org
remailer at rebma.mn.org
rperkins at nyx.cs.du.edu
rperkins at nyx10.cs.du.edu
hal at alumni.caltech.edu
All of these allow you to send anonymous mail by adding the header Request-Remailing-To: and sending to one of the above addresses.
Most (but not all) of these remailers also accept Anon-To: in place of If you can not add the required headers, place two colons (::) on the very
first line of your message, then on the next line type Request-Remailing-To:
and the address you want to send anonymously to.  Skip a line, and then
begin your message.  Note that by using this method it is possible to send
a message consecutively thru more than one remailer.
remail at extropia.wimsey.com requires that you public-key encrypt your
messages with PGP.  This added security prevents a hacker or nosey
sysadmin at your site from reading your outgoing mail or finding out where
it's going.  This remailer is not directly connected to the internet,
so messages will be delayed about an hour.
Some of the other remailers support PGP as well.
For remailers which support both encryption and plaintext messages, identify
encrypted messages by adding a header which reads:  Encrypted: PGP
Encryption keys can be found below.
The bsu remailers require that you place the Subject: header in the body
of the message, after the two colons and the Request-Remailing-To:
line.  These remailers also allow you to insert a Reply-To: line right after
the Subject, so that you can have responses sent to you via an anonymous
forwarding address.  The other remailers require that you place two number
signs ( on a line, and then add the special headers, such as Reply-To:
To get an anonymous forwarding address, send mail to mg5n+getid at andrew.cmu.edu
There is a pseudonym-based anonymous remailer at anon.penet.fi.  For
information on this remailer, send mail to: help at anon.penet.fi
There is another anonymous contact service at chop.ucsd.edu.  It's not as
full-featured as anon.penet.fi, but is considerably faster since it is not
burdened by such a heavy load.  For information on this remailer,
send mail to: acs-info at chop.ucsd.edu
Anonymous postings to usenet can be made by sending anonymous mail to one of
the following mail-to-usenet gateways:
group-name at cs.utexas.edu
group.name.usenet at decwrl.dec.com
group.name at news.demon.co.uk
group.name at news.cs.indiana.edu
The following lists the response times of the remailers listed above.
Although measured accurately, these times are only an estimation of what
you can expect.  Actual response times will vary somewhat, depending
on current network usage and other factors.
Ping messages sent: Tue, 8 Mar 1994 00:00:00 EST (-0500)
Replies received:
nobody at shell.portal.com           00:01:57
catalyst-remailer at netcom.com      00:02:16
rperkins-remailer at nyx10.cs.du.edu 00:02:30
nowhere at bsu-cs.bsu.edu            00:02:39
remailer-admin at chaos.bsu.edu      00:02:43
rperkins-remailer at nyx.cs.du.edu   00:02:48
nobody at soda.berkeley.edu          00:02:51
nobody at jarthur.cs.hmc.edu         00:06:32
remailer at dis.org                  00:35:34
remailer at rebma.rebma.mn.org       03:12:37
The following are PGP public keys of the remailers which support encryption:
512-bit key, Key ID 64E8A7, created 1993/03/05
Also known as:  Anonymous Remailer -----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.3
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
1024-bit key, Key ID B5A32F, created 1992/12/13
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.3
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
jarthur remailer 512-bit key, Key ID 7D154B, created 1993/04/04
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.3
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Anonymous Remailer 510-bit key, Key ID 5620D5, created 1992/11/15
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.3
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
The operation of this system of remailers is a group effort which relies on
the contributions of many generous people.  Please do not abuse the remailers.
If you have problems with a remailer, most of the remailer operators can be
contacted by sending mail to the remailer's address without a remailing
request header.  Otherwise, follow the instructions that come in the messages
from the remailer.  Do not send complaints to postmaster at the site.
Most of the remailers are run by people who are not the site administrators.
Sending to postmaster or the site admins will most likely just make them
annoyed at you, and won't get your problem resolved.
If you can run an anonymous remailer, please volunteer to do so.
Software is availiable from anonymous-FTP at
soda.berkeley.edu in the directory /pub/cypherpunks/remailer
Other remailer program code is availiable at vangogh.vis.colostate.edu
in the directory /pub/nate/remailer-GUI/cpremailer.tar.Z
The software can usually be run on personal accounts;
Root or sysadmin access is not required in most cases.
There are two usenet forums for discussion of anonymous remailer systems,
alt.privacy.anon-server and alt.anonymous
