
@_date: 1995-11-17 19:01:53
@_author: anonymous-remailer at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: CSE gets flak on TV 
Alice here (the real one) ...
         [long exercise in character assassination deleted]
I think that this "writer" who felt that it was desirable to attach MY
name to this drivel deserves a good flogging. Clearly, someone is spending WAY to much time on //WIRES on the Dow Jones
News Retrieval Service, or wherever else they get to Canadian Press news
stories.  The matter Mr. mystery-writer detailed is in fact a Canadian
matter, a domestic affair, which has no concern to an international
audience. Taking three successive news stories from three days ... (press stories,
I've since pulled for my own reference) and pasting them together to
indicate some type of Machiaevellian?? (sp) exercise is simply "not done." I don't see this at all.  The CSE story has no connection to anything else which is occurring domestically nor internationally.  No relationship I think Perry has far more interesting fish to fry, than to worry about domestic Canadian affairs, and what occurs within another sovereign's borders.  Whether or not Canada has collected and analyzed communications traffic on
the activities of foreign states, corporations, and people is simply a
Canadian matter.  It's OUR affair.
Airing dirty laundry like this serves no purpose, whatsoever.  It's not
productive and is not focused to any particular policy objective. And in n any event, the Canadian Communications Security Establishment
does serve up "sloppy seconds" (as some other poster named them) under
intelligence sharing agreements with its counterparts in the United
States, Britain, Australia, and New Zealand.  In the same vein, it also is a recipient of same.  These agreements and
working relationships have historically benefitted all. Fella ... whoever you are ... please get your stories straight.
The Prime Minister of Canada was trying to call NASA, not the NSA.  There IS a significant difference between the two, as near anyone on this list can The Prime Minister was attempting to contact Canadian astronaut Chris
Hadfield, who is on the space shuttle Atlantis which is presently docked
with the Russian space station Mir.  He wasn't trying to call the NSA ...  it was the NASA. In fact, the Prime Minister's comments from the Commonwealth meeting in
New Zealand were most clear.  "This is an organization that works within
the law of Canada.  They do not report to me on a daily basis and I cannot
make any comments on if they are spying on anybody, I don't know.  But
they have a mandate to check a few things around the world." Please try reading the list for a bit, before posting and confusing
people. Your juvenile antics deserve no further comment.
I don't think that this is relevant.
And btw, it's giggle test ... it's not "GiGGle TesT".  I learned how to use a shift key long, long ago.  You oughta try it some time.
The CSE does not target its own citizens and has agreements with other agencies that they will not either.  If someone's communication is accidentally caught in the net, the CSE is obligated to destroy the information except in the rarest of circumstances. (i.e. foreign terrorists)
Your fleshed out story was very interesting ... especially the way you tied things together.  Did they teach you to do that type of thing But it's not appropriate for this list.  And this is a Canadian matter.
Cute ... really.  I'm certainly amused.  As I'm certain were all the Americans on this International list.  George Bush, simply had jet lag, when he threw up at Japan.  What does he have to do with anything?
Canada and Japan have a great deal to speak about.  Canada might even be a
good friend and help the US with the Okinawa problem.  Who knows?  We
never know how these things play. I really don't think that Canada will be marginalized by this, and I certainly hope that neither will I.  Your antics, notwithstanding, and your imagination of "tying things together" serves no purpose.
The people on this list can filter fact from fiction.
Like, I said ... very, very cute.
There's only one problem, mr mystery-writer, I only have one or two
interests on this list.  And politics is not generally one of them.  My
interests are simply and in order of personal importance,      - removing known Security Holes in existing software or removing the
       software, (e.g.  Netscape Navigator and Java), and
     - finding some secure way to implement functional international
       commerce via the Internet. Probably, something ECU based. Security and E-cash. Your attempt to create some type of political "brownie points" or desire
to gain some attention or notoriety simply destracts me from addressing
the real issues, and addressing my backed-up email. MALICE DE MONSTEROUS wasn't enough for you??  Please don't bother with any reply.  None is expected.
Alice de 'nonymous ...
                                  ...just another one of those...
                                                   ...hunters...
P.S.  This post is in the public domain.
                  C.  S.  U.  M.  O.  C.  L.  U.  N.  E.
