
@_date: 1995-10-13 09:48:48
@_author: anonymous-remailer at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: Bugs Bounty?? ... shhh ... I'm huntin wa'bits ... 
Or at least this was the headline on the announcement from                  I was immediately overjoyed when I read that first paragraph.  The sheer
delight and mention of rewards -- whether its frequent flyer points or
just simple little gold stars and pats on the head -- motivates me to just
go out and do it.  Go out and do whatever the offeror needs, so I can
collect my nice juicy reward.  A win/win situation.  But something about
this announcement seemed a little "too" polished ... (maybe it's just
seeing how the last "Netscape bug situation" was spinned, ... I don't
know). But I decided to read on, wanting to find out how Netscape "rewards" users
who bring them "bad news".  It was a slow afternoon, and I had just
finished listening to that odious Dominick Dunne on Larry King.  What the
hey, I thought. Let's read on and discover more about the Bounty from Netscape. Gee this was sounding, really really good.  But that FULL RULES thing was
highlighted on my screen (I was running Lynx 2.2 at the time ...), so I
had a quick little old jump over to the FULL RULES.  And with just a I was off ... and rule-reading before the big hunt ... The rules started off ... Wow, I said.  New opportunites to build applications ;) New ways to use
computers.  New ways to use networks.  All ushered in by Netscape.  That
all sounds really, really GOOD!! I was eager, and ready for all of this newness. Oh good.  Finally a company that's interested in making a product as bug
free as possible.  And Prizes and Bounties!!!  Joy!!  Joy!! My adrenaline began to flood.  Every neuron was piqued.  I was ready to
read on.  This was slowly turning into as satisfying a hunt as any one I'd
ever been on, even though we were only hunting for little old Bugs, and
not big cats.  None the less, it sounded like a fine afternoon of sport. Especially after Dominick Dunne. Hmmm, I thought.  This is odd. Here I am potentially reporting a very important problem, to Netscape, and
the company is saying that they might not even choose to respond to
questions.  I began to wonder whether Ford could have ever gotten away with not
responding to queries about their products.  Especially defects.  I
wondered what would have been the reaction if Ford decided not to answer
mail that inquired about the wee little problem with their Pinto's. But this was a different industry.  This was software.  Internet software. The hottest, sportiest, new-fangleddy dandiest stuff around. Not responding to mail, but of course!!  They're busily harnassing the
power of the Internet to deliver software that's bug-free.  They can't be
bothered with small things like customers.  They want bounty-hunters. But no need to let the glow fade so fast.  I'm sure that they'll just be
swamped with mail ... now let's get to their "proactive reward program"  (although I don't know how you reconcile running a contest to improve your
product with ignoring mail ... must be some newfangled modern hip-hop
do-op bee-bop communications graduate theory thingy, that I just don't
quite know how to parse.)
Hmmm, a severe bug (as defined by them).  Is this like a Level One??  I
wonder what that would be.  But let's get to the meat of the matter, what are the prizes that Netscape
is offering to harness the power of the Internet while they ignore and
don't (selectively) reply to email.  ... 'scuse me ... a nifty Netscape Mozilla mug??  50 of them do
you say?? Let's, see.  Last time I checked a single share of Netscape Communications
Corporation (NASDAQ:  NSCP) was trading for about $60 plus change.  I
calculated the wholesale cost of the mugs at approximately $1.20 each,
which would bring the total mug promotion budget (50 * $1.20) to the
equivalent of one single share of NSCP. Gee, that certainly motivates me.
But then again, there's those snazzy Netscape polo shirts. ;-)
Shame that Netscape isn't Microsoft.  I'm sure that other vendors might at least offer the Great Powerful Internet Bugs Hunters.a choice between the
snazzy shirt or the nifty mug?  But I guess most of the shirts and mugs weren't reserved for the Bugs Hunters.  They were probably in de press kits.
Wow, I thought.
I was stupified.  If I found one of the Security bugs, I could get a copy
of one of the Buggy Products absolutely FREE!!!  Gratis!!  What man could
turn his nose up at that kind of offer. This lil old rest-stop cum cafe, the one that's putting out the bounty
offers on the info-highway ain't like no little greasy spoon where you
stop for chile and then get CHARGED when you find a cockroach on your
spoon staring you down eye to eye. Heck no, this is a CLASS operation.  Dinner's on the house.
Now we're really talking ...If you find a really, really severe bad
problem, we'll reward you with the equivalent of 16.5 shares of Netscape. A veritable REWARD OF REWARDS!! Oh, oh ... incorporated into Netscape products???
This is sort of a non-consensual waiver of all of your rights by
participating in this contest??  Now this made me want to stop and
cogitate for a lil bit. I thought ...(but only for a second, of course, cause there were bugs to
hunt) and I thought ... and I thought that security bugs were much too
important to stop this over such a trivial matter, as negotiating my rights away for the benefit of possibly getting a mug. But there was no time to stop and think.  Security bugs were going to be
our target.  Big Game.  Non of that discretionary mug stuff for us ... we
can't be bribed that easily ... no sirree, bob. Tax on a mug??  Ok ... I think we understand each other now.  The budget's
tight, and all.  The plan really wasn't well thought out, and of course we
all know that the IPO didn't do that well, and blah, and blah, blah, blah. Ahh, but a hunt's a hunt.  So a hunting, we will go.
(Phew, isn't this a long post to the list???  I haven't really said
anything about the SECURITY BUG yet, have I??  Sheesh, I'm so, so
But first, what is a SECURITY BUG, anyway??  What does Netscape's marketing
machine consider a REAL SECURITY BUG??  If we know that, then we'll know where to look.
Before we get to that ... one last quote from Netscape's spokesman, Homer.
Gee, don't worry, Homer.  The POWER OF THE INTERNET will help you to
create products of the highest quality.  And the POWER OF THE INTERNET
will encourage a real extensive open review.  And watch for my new home
page coming to a web site near you. The one titled, "I DEBUGGED NAVIGATOR AND ALL I GOT WAS A LOUSY SHIRT."
But back to the question of what is a Security Bug??  Because I'm not sure
if Marketing is going to agree (in its sole discretion) with what a
security bug is (even if it has been hunted down).  So at the risk of
boring everyone to tears, I'll simply provide some external standards on
the matter, just so I don't jeopardize my bounty or my shirt or my mug. Let's start with some Orange Book standards. The Orange Book, DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE STANDARD, DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE
TRUSTED COMPUTER SYSTEM EVALUATION CRITERIA (DoD 5200.28-STD) which we're
all intimately familiar with, since it of course sets the standard for
everyone from the Small Business Administration to the National Science
Foundation, (I think).  Anyhow, it makes these points: DoD Directive 5200.28, "Security Requirements for Automatic Data
Processing (ADP) Systems," stipulates: "Classified material contained in
an ADP system shall be safeguarded by the continuous employment of
protective features in the system's hardware and software design and
configuration .  .  .  ."[8, sec.  IV] Furthermore, it is required that
ADP systems that "process, store, or use classified data and produce
classified information will, with reasonable dependability, prevent:      a.  Deliberate or inadvertent access to classified material by
         unauthorized persons, and
     b.  Unauthorized manipulation of the computer and its associated
         peripheral devices."[8, sec. I B.3]
The concern here is with the latter standard.  The unauthorized
manipulation of a computer and its associated peripheral devices.  And
this is where we jump onto the scent of the track of the Security Bug. And this is where we introduce a little old document called pushpull.html.
from Netscape's Web site.  It's titled:  An Exploration of Dynamic
Documents. And I can think of many people who would _also_ like to push down data
to a browser.  But, that's not a great idea.  Guess what??  It's not even a good idea.  It might even be a bad idea.
Yes, the client "processes data" and then possibly displays it, while in
Hmm.  Netscape's clients blindly trust and follows server's instructions
and does what it is told to do.  If it's told to load a particular
document in five seconds.  It does that.  It dances to the server's
instructions. Something which should cause any Security Administrator's
hair to stand on end, as the server takes control of the client's machine and "manipulates it".
And this is the problem.  We have a pipe.  And we have a server making a
decision when it will send the next data block.  I guess the server could
also decide dynamically what that data block is going to be once it has
opened it's pipe to the client. That is way too much trust for a client to place in a server that it doesn't know if it can trust.
Yep, the appropriate window just "updates" itself at the command of the server.  A good faith update ... or let's call it a good faith process. Let's emphasize that what we have is a slave client at one end of a pipe
accepting an object-specific content-type from any server.  This is not within the tradition of multipart/mixed. And this is a problem.
Now let's play with the prior example.  Let's say that we utilized
different types of objects.  I'll use multipart/parallel and
application/postscript. I think that the foregoing explains itself without me having to draw any
more maps, than is absolutely necessary.  The first data object sent is
application/postscript.  The second object is multipart/parallel. And it's where we conflict with federal requirements:
And I think that this is applicable across the entire product line.
I wonder if this makes me eligible for a bounty for each product where there is this Security Bug??  That would be very chivalrous of Netscape
to offer me that.  Then maybe I could get a real computer rather than this crufty old Mac Plus (a yellow one) and my 2400 baud modem... and then, I might just be able to do some virtually real hunting.
Alice de 'nonymous ... (doing a bad impression of Elmer Fudd with                         thoughts of Bugs Bounty in his lil mind.)
                                  ...just another one of those...
P.S.  And yes I brought this whole issue (tangentially) to the attention of netscape.com yesterday afternoon.  I think I asked whether they were going to have a formal specification and register
their x-mixed-replace with IANA.  They haven't gotten to my email
yet, (I think).  Or maybe, I'm in the Bulk response group. P.P.S.  I give permission to have this propogate freely through         the cyber-aethyr.  All other rights are of course reserved.
                  C.  S.  U.  M.  O.  C.  L.  U.  N.  E.
