
@_date: 1995-12-16 04:49:12
@_author: anonymous-remailer at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: .PWL spin 
I didn't quite understand the "corporate speak" here.  It sounds like
something coming from Bosnia or something.  It's Greek to me.
What would make a University less secure than a corporation??
Universities (at least the ones, I've checked) have entire departments
and theoreticians devoted to Computers ... companies usually don't.  I'd think that Universities are much, much more secure environments than
corporations are.  Doesn't Microsoft know this??  Or is this unique to
Seattle?? Alice de 'nonymous ...                                                 ...just another one of those...
P.S.  This post is in the public domain.
                  C.  S.  U.  M.  O.  C.  L.  U.  N.  E.

@_date: 1995-12-16 06:01:17
@_author: Rev. Ben 
@_subject: .PWL spin 
Ostensibly, universities in the interest of academic freedom and promoting learning usually don't have nearly the same draconian measures that corporations have.  They don't have to worry nearly as much about trade secrets being mailed out he front door, or information warfare attacks in which a competitor is attempting to penetrate the system.
And those theoreticians sit behind their desks and keep scribbling on their pads.  There's not much going on the ground with theory.  Plus, if you knew anything about theory, a lot of theory has very little immediate practical importance...complexity theory is good to make sure that one-way functions actually do exist, but in progress, there's not much way to implement it.
Ben Samman..............................................samman at cs.yale.edu
"If what Proust says is true, that happiness is the absence of fever, then
I will never know happiness. For I am possessed by a fever for knowledge,
experience, and creation."                                      -Anais Nin
PGP Encrypted Mail Welcomed      Finger samman at powered.cs.yale.edu for key
Anyone want to give a  college grad a job?  Mail me for a resume.

@_date: 1995-12-16 13:09:13
@_author: Kevin L Prigge 
@_subject: .PWL spin 
According to rumor, anonymous-remailer at shell.portal.com said:
1) Usually more net connected hosts.
2) Lack of adequate sysadmin attention/knowlege.
3) Vague and poorly enforced site security policies.
This is of course a generalization, but corporations seem to
have more money and time to throw at security. On the other hand, it's common at Universities to get a new Sun/SGI/whatever,
hook it to the net, and run it without spending a lot of time
configuring it. Just because a University has a CS department doesn't mean that it
is more secure. Even if security is an area of study, it doesn't
mean that other departments benefit from the research.
I don't know what University sites you're referring to, my experience
has been that on the average, .edu sites are less secure than .com
