
@_date: 1995-11-19 14:22:37
@_author: anonymous-remailer at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: CANADIAN PRESS REPORTS (was Re: CSE gets flak on TV) 
Alice here (the real one) ...
Deitweiler certainly is getting around ... but I'm beginning to have
my doubts whether it is Deitweiler who is spoofing me.  And Deitweiler might be Vlad Nurzi or whoever, but it seems that
whoever is spoofing me -- whether it is Detweiler or not -- is privy
to certain "facts" ... verifiable facts ... some of which are very
And its not just whatever news is breaking over the wire.
I take this last comment back.  It was premature.  I think that this
is in fact very relevant to this list.  And it's not just a Canadian
My little spoofing-shadow, Mr. Mystery-Writer, seems to not only have
a juvenile sense of humour, but seems to have a handle on some pretty
sensitive information.  His information isn't limited to how Canada was able to outbid the United States on a wheat deal with China, but his information encompassess matters of an order of greater significance, especially
 Whoever it was who wrote this, they took a real swipe at a former
President of the United States.  This is very, very serious.  Joking
about Japanese / American relations is very black humour and is one
thing, but taking an open swipe at a former American President is
grossly inappropriate and was completely another, I thought.
But, ironically, Mr. Mystery-Writer had incredible foreshadowing
This to me was the kicker ... especially in light of news which just
broke tonight.  Mr. Mystery-Writer was trying to throw a clue.
And boy, what a clue it was.
It wasn't the former President of the United States that he was
speaking of ... it was the former Prime Minister of Canada.
It was reported today that former Canadian Prime Minister Brian
Mulroney has launched a $50 Million pre-emptive lawsuit against the
Royal Canadian Mounted Police and the Canadian Department of Justice
for their possible future allegation or possible future charge of
taking kickbacks from Airbus Industries while the former Prime
Minister held public office.
This is one heck of a newsflash ... especially considering the
co-operation of the normally secretive and discreet authorities in
Can you imagine if former President George Bush had in fact launched a
$50 Million pre-emptive lawsuit against the Federal Bureau of
Investigation and the Department of Justice, because they were
investigating him for something??  Or if George Bush tried to stop a news story through libel chill?
My shadow was right (even if he did announce before the wires, did),
Canadian politicians are beginning to drop like flies.  Let the "Jane Shorten" Film-Fest begin.  Can you pass the popcorn?
Alice de 'nonymous ...
                                  ...just another one of those...
P.S.  This post is in the public domain.
                  C.  S.  U.  M.  O.  C.  L.  U.  N.  E.
