
@_date: 1995-11-27 12:15:05
@_author: anonymous-remailer at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: MED_vac 
I'm confused.  Are you saying that the answer is hardware??  Why I think
someone already thought of that. It's called a MEDIC-ALERT bracelet. As someone who's blood type is rare, I can appreciate this.
I don't see the comparison.
High value "chips" have additional security precautions engineered into
them, over and above low-value chips, hopefully Schneier realizes this.  There are also regular "counts", in fact perpetual "counts" in all casinos. I mean pit bosses and managers have to do something to earn their keep.
(other than handing out comps, I mean.)
There's also an "eye in the sky" lording over you in a casino, and the
"chips" aren't actually "cleared" until you cashout.  I'm not sure how
Schneier got the idea that it was instantaneous clearing, but it isn't by
any stretch of the imagination. But then what do I know ... I don't even sign my posts with PGP.
Why bother with having records on the "Net".  What if the net goes down, then what??  Where are you left then?  Relying on technology, simply because something CAN be done is very bad practice, when its not needed. When I travelled in the States, I simply kept a copy of my travel documents in my wallet.  I never had any problem.  And I had a copy of my pertinent medical data, attached via a MEDIC-ALERT bracelet to my body.
Then again, the amount of information that you want a doctor reading over
when you do have an emergency is minimal.  You really want the doctor to
act, not to get to know all of the details which aren't relevant to your
treatment. There's no need to overload someone, you simply have to give someone the
resources they need in order to get the job done. And that is the critical point, isn't it??  Getting the job done, and giving someone what's needed to do so.
Alice de 'nonymous ...
                                  ...just another one of those...
P.S.  This post is in the public domain.
                  C.  S.  U.  M.  O.  C.  L.  U.  N.  E.
