
@_date: 1995-12-01 02:12:57
@_author: anonymous-remailer at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: List of reliable remailers 
Anything more specific on the above info?   robo, syrinx, c2 all running on c2.org
  alumni, portal run by Hal Finney
  hacktic, replay run on xs4all / by Alex de Joode?
ok so far, but flame is xs4all/de Joode as well?
flame used to be:
  Slovenian Anonymous Remailer Does the fact that it is now listed along with hacktic and replay now
imply that it is no longer / never was in Slovenia?
The reason for asking is that jurisdictions are interesting properties
for remailers.  The more jurisdictions available the better the legal
morass can be created by remailing through 101 different jurisdictions.
Speaking of which, these new additions:
  ford   ecafe are welcome aditions both being in Europe (Germany, and UK respectively)
Any other European/Australasian cypherpunks care to add a remailer in
their jurisdiction?
Alice de 'nonymous ...
[just giving the acquired nym a work out, and I wanted to ask the Q
anyway, so I thought I may as well flesh this Nym out, and give it a
better rep than the impostor who refuses to sign posts :-) Again,
anything that isn't signed isn't from me.]
                                  ...just another one of those...
P.S.  This post is in the public domain.
                  C.  S.  U.  M.  O.  C.  L.  U.  N.  E.

@_date: 1995-12-01 06:03:22
@_author: anonymous-remailer at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: List of reliable remailers 
Apologies for following up on my own post, but I did some digging and
found out what I needed to know.
It turns out that this information is only intended for automatic
chain selection, not as a capsule history of the remailers. But see
In fact, yes, at least until Tomaz gets good enough Net access in
Slovenia to support a remailer.
Alice de 'nonymous ...
                                  ...just another one of those...
P.S.  This post is in the public domain.
                  C.  S.  U.  M.  O.  C.  L.  U.  N.  E.
