
@_date: 1995-11-04 05:26:40
@_author: anonymous-remailer at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: censored with Perry 
Well, Perry, my opinion is that there is far too much noise on this list as it is.  I have already seen my words drowned out by bellyaching over next to nothing.
As one of the many non-Americans on this list, I find US policy and
politics simply _amusing_, but certainly not in the least bit relevant to
nearly anything that I do. Perry, you put an interesting twist on what the agenda of most people on
this list is.  It is not "getting cryptographic systems written, deployed,
and popularized."  It's about getting people to learn how to protect their
privacy and to see that their self-interest is served by having privacy. That's much more than "writing code".  If you have an insecure machine, a machine on which I can monitor your keystrokes as you enter your pass phrase, what good is strong crypto??
Somewhere between diddly and squat?
What would Perry have us do??  What does he want??  Does he want all of us
to order radiation detectors to beef up our random number generators?? Talk about a red herring!!
How about this instead Perry?  How about if you suggest that everyone make
sure that every Network which a machine connects to, and every other
trusted Network has removed the username/password combinations,
"tech/support", "LAN/admin", and "guest/user". This is easy to do, and is a solid recommendation. Unless the almighty
"Perry" would rather that you NOT worry about simple security matters
which protect privacy and are within anyone's control. There's lots of things I could think of doing to Perry's ass, and shoving his opinions is but one of them.
It was hard enough for me as a Canadian to watch 3 out of 5 Francophones
vote to separate from Canada and form their own nation. And to then watch
as two leaders from within English Canada -- Preston Manning who runs the
Reform Party, and Ralph Klein, who is Premier of Alberta -- breach
protocol and insult the peoples of Quebec by discussing, commenting and
gloating over the overall election results even before concession speeches
by Bouchard and Parizeau.
And I groaned later when Parizeau said that the overall vote squeaker was
a result of "money and the ethnic vote."  Touche. But this is nothing in comparison to listening to some jackass talk out of both sides of his mouth, while he deliberately attempts to steer people away from what the MAJORITY of posters to this list have a strong common conviction about.  Securing their systems and their personal privacy.
It might be a rag tag bunch with differing political ideologies, but one idea brings all of us together here.
Except for one ... jackass.
And yep, I'm back after a brief silence.
Alice de 'nonymous ...
                                  ...just another one of those...
P.S.  This post is in the public domain.
                  C.  S.  U.  M.  O.  C.  L.  U.  N.  E.
