
@_date: 1995-11-18 07:57:19
@_author: anonymous-remailer at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: credit card conventional wisdom 
Alice here ...
My grandfather used to say, that the first horse to break from the gate,
isn't necessarily the first to cross the finish line. Often, he'll be pulling up the rear.
In my humble opinion, the present system can't really be characterized as
"working perfectly well".  Far from it.  While not as familiar with the US system as the Canadian, I can give as a
simple example, the bank clearing system for paper checks.  In Canada, we
can clear a check from one side of the country to the other overnight.  We
have 24 hour clearing.  While this is far from "perfect", our existing
paper systems allow for a degree of efficiency which I don't believe is
engineered into the US clearing system. Perhaps someone can correct me, if I have erred but I think it takes far
longer than 24 hours to clear a check drawn on any US bank, and deposited
to any other bank's credit in the United States.  It may work
"functionally" ... but certainly far from "perfectly" nor "efficiently". A very good point.  But then, dumpster-diving attacks could be moderated
by simply implementing carbonless forms.  No carbon, reduces a lot of the
risks.  It's basic risk management. All of this becomes a part of the cost/benefit analysis, and is part of
the function of security policy.  It's very much like all the talk on
another thread on this list about Java security. There is no point in even discussing Java security in Netscape, when
Netscape PRESENTLY has existing security holes written into the very
fabric of the existing installed codebase.  Holes which Netscape and AT&T
refuse to address, correct or even comment on. Sun's security approach misses the point.  Putting dead-bolts on houses
while leaving all of the windows open, just doesn't address the problem. It really misses the mark. This is also unfortunately true.  Information on how to "break" a system
does propagate.  As more people know how to exploit a system, or as more
people learn how to utilize the "letter of the rules" (the "code") rather
than the "spirit" (the "intent") the degree of exploitation grows. Ask any executive in the Gaming Industry about this.
Black-Jack card-counting went through an evolution in exactly this
fashion.  Many casinos lost a veritable "fortune" to good card counters. They lost to organized "teams" of card counters.  Counters who literally
broke the bank. Systems always have exploitable features.  And new systems will always
present new opportunities for exploitation. A completely new set of risks
which are additive to those already in place, even those which may not yet be in a state of active exploitation.
A pertinent network example: credit card numbers.
Credit card numbers are not just a set of random digits.  Only particular
patterns of numbers can be valid.  This existing "security provision" --
check digits -- actually ends up opening a security hole when we look at
transmitting credit card numbers via the Internet. The security feature on one side of the ledger makes it far easier to
differentiate between what is a random set of numbers, and what is in fact
a valid CC number.  Simple pattern analysis allows to search for valid
numbers.  It makes the potential "crooks" job much easier and its already engineered into the system.  The "credit card number" risk though is accidental, while the Netscape
Navigator risk isn't accidental at all, it's willful. Alice de 'nonymous ...
                                  ...just another one of those...
                                                   ...hunters...
P.S.  This post is in the public domain.
                  C.  S.  U.  M.  O.  C.  L.  U.  N.  E.
