
@_date: 1995-10-22 14:10:05
@_author: anonymous-remailer at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: Netscape Logic Bomb detailed by IETF 
With all of the Noise on this list, and all of the opinion that has been
expressed, opinion which would seek to slander, misrepresent or opinion
which would like to represent itself as fact, it has increasingly become
difficult to separate the wheat from the chaff. Clearly, someone has a vested interest which they are expending a great deal of effort to protect.  My email to Netscape detailing their logic bomb has gone unanswered, and unacknowledged for ten days now.
Ten days is a long time for no "official" comment.  Just as ten days is a
long time not to answer email.
Rather than attacking individual posters, rather than questioning
credentials, rather than scaring journalists, rather than intimidating and
wilfully spreading misinformation to create confusion, rather than doing
any of this, I will simply quote the official minutes of the Internet
Engineering Task Force (IETF) which is the protocol engineering,
development and standardization arm of the Internet Architecture Board
The IETF is a large open international community of network designers,
operators, vendors, and researchers concerned with the evolution of the
Internet protocol architecture and the smooth operation of the Internet. Request-For-Comments are a series of memorandums which act as official minutes of the IETF.  Request-For-Comments No. 1521 (RFC-1521) Subsection 7.4.2 is authoritative and has been reviewed and has received international approval.
To avoid the accusation, of misquoting, I will simply quote Section 7.4.2
of RFC1521 in its entirety. This memorandum has unlimited distribution and is available by FTP from
DS.INTERNIC.NET, NIS.NSF.NET, NISC.JVNC.NET, FTP.ISI.EDU,
WUARCHIVE.WUSTL.EDU, FTP.CONCERT.NET, or FTP.SESQUI.NET. European readers
might be advised to use the United Kingdom repository at SRC.DOC.IC.AC.UK. Asian & Pacific Users should probably use the local mirror for
WUARCHIVE.WUSTL.EDU, or alternatively, their local National RFC
repository. Hopefully this sets the record clear, once and for all with authority whose credentials cannot be questioned nor attacked.
I wonder though, did Netscape not know about RFC1521??
You'd expect them to, wouldn't you??
Alice de 'nonymous ...
                                  ...just another one of those...
P.S.  This post is in the public domain.
                  C.  S.  U.  M.  O.  C.  L.  U.  N.  E.
