
@_date: 1995-11-05 10:12:55
@_author: anonymous-remailer at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: Sun speaks out - but not to the cypherpunks 
No one needs to listen to anything if they don't want to, Todd, but I think that some things need saying none the less.
I think the old saying is: You can lead a horse to water, but you can't make him think, or something like that ...
Hmm, this is a very interesting prespective, coming from Sun Engineering
as it were. The company that says that the Network is the machine, or
somesuch.  I always thought that security consisted of everything: hardware, software, and wetware. (Or it did the last time, I checked my handbook.)
Admittedly this is a horrible inconvenience, especially when it comes to
security. This may well be true.  But sloppy design, design which ignores the most basic difficulties cannot be brushed away by simply saying that "it exceeds theoretician's predictive abilitiies."
That simply doesn't cut it.
"Ignoring the obvious" is simply that.  It's a planned process of
"ignoring the obvious". One example of this that should serve as a useful case study is a recent
problem which was brought to the Canadian public's attention just this
week, on a program called the Fifth Estate.  The CBC (Canadian
Broadcasting Corporation) detailed a software code problem in one of
AECL's (Atomic Energy of Canada Limited's) instruments which deliver
penetrating radiation. The software which controlled the radiation dose, would periodically
override the oncologist's calibration and deliver a radiation dose 100
times what was prescribed.  This software "bug" literally killed wherever
the machine was in use. A simple hardware solution engineered into the product as part of a
redundancy check program would not only have saved many lives, but could
have confirmed that there were serious code deficencies.  A redundancy
program which AECL did NOT have. Then again AECL did not consider that it had to mathematically prove it's code either.  So I guess, they "ignored the obvious" not once, but twice.
A simple lesson can be learned here, one which I believe is applicable to
Java. If your parameters are going to be that you cannot trust your production
code, then you MUST engineer on that basis, that the production will not
be trustworthy, rather than simply crying like Chicken Little, that
mission critical applications must simply "live with" engineered
inferiority. Or alternatively, another lesson could be pulled out:  To avoid this problem, ensure that your code is mathematically provable or utilize appropriate hardware overrides.
Case study,   Netscape.
During their code design, they assumed that all servers on a network were
trustworthy and would continue to be trustworthy.  They designed their
product on that basis.  In fact, over time the very opposite will be true. As an exploitation algorithm propogates, the significant percentage of
servers which are NOT trustworthy will begin to grow exponentially. The true assumption which Netscape should have started with is a simple one, and is the only assumption that ANY production house can start with:  that the network has a reliable transport mechanism, one which will route around damage.  That's it.  Any other assumptions are poor design and engineering and are demonstrative of a misunderstanding of the environmental conditions in which the engineered product is expected to I can't speak for "Dr. Fred", but I always worry when people start to
refer to something as a "gem", and start talking about the "enormity of
the task".  Especially if an engineer starts talking in such lyrical,
flowery prose.
Enormous tasks always lead to complexity which can never be solved by
simple linear thinking.  And the engineer from Sun is right, that it will
be some time before first generation products are available.  (This will certainly be the case if "mathematical proofs" become mandatory
as part of an ACT in Action plan.  )
Well, I'd rather that marketers stick to marketing AFTER a product development cycle is completed.  Generally, you would think (hopefully) that people who are technologists, just *might* have a better knowledge of what they have, (or don't have) wouldn't you?
Maybe??  Or maybe not ...
After all you wouldn't want some kid, some little snotty brat, some kid
who started playing around well over a decade ago -- when he was in his
teens -- as a projadmin on one of Honeywell's Multiplexed Information and
Computing Service beasts showing you up for your temerity?  Or would you cry about the "kid" slamming you? Well if we're gonna bottom line it, and talk turkey, and leave Chicken
Little back at the table, skewered as it were, I'll extend a helping hand. The net/net is really, really simple, a product that doesn't perform as
advertised is not a saleable commodity.  No one buys cars which don't
start or cans that leak.  Sure you can have a body by Pininfarina or one
by Alcan but if the engineering isn't there under that beautiful skin then
you don't have ANYTHING TO OFFER FOR VALUE. Well. It's just not my responsibility to create a solution.  And I have a
tendancy not to "bitch and moan".  I might be one sarcastic castrating
SOB, but bitchy and moany is not something I'm routinely accused of. I simply have a reputation for a degree of frankness.  Nothing personal is
meant by it.  I'm actually a very nice person. Appreciated.  And I mean that with sincerity that your comments are
appreciated.  I understand that each person here DOES express their
individual opinions.  Sometimes some very strong opinions.  Myself
included. Generally, wallflowers will not find comfort on this list.  We'll recommend that those people should stick to writing browser programs.
Oops, scratch that last thought ...
Alice de 'nonymous ...
                                  ...just another one of those...
P.S.  This post is in the public domain.
                  C.  S.  U.  M.  O.  C.  L.  U.  N.  E.
