
@_date: 1995-11-15 13:26:01
@_author: anonymous-remailer at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: credit card conventional wisdom 
Actually, this is not quite correct.  There is a difference if I give a
credit card to *one* person, or if I give the message containing that
number to a chain of twenty or thirty strangers to get my information to
the one person I want to have that information. We're back to handing your card to the neighbour, who gives it to the doorman, who flags the cab and gives it to a cabbie, who then drives cross town and gives it to another doorman, who then etc, etc.
Something completely different than the long bomb from the quarterback.
Our potential interception points have increased substantially ... and we
have absolutely no audit trail to figure out who *might* have scarfed the
card. I guess the average customer won't care.  His loss is limited to $50.
But some of us who try to live in the real world wonder how long that'll
last.  Can we measure the life of it in a matter of weeks??  Or months? Hmmm ... maybe we'll even get a whole whole new industry going ... don't
ya think??  Maybe we can create a whole new set of risks which are
additive to those we already have.  Maybe every petty grifter might trade
in his very own credit card number and simply claim that their credit card
got stolen over the internet. Just disappeared into the anonymous aethyr ... the one without an audit
trail ... but my loss is limited to $50, right??
I guess other people understand systems much, much, more than I do.  I
guess that the NY Times is right ... it won't change the loss rate for the
card companies, at all ... nope ... won't create a new problem ... naahh
... the public wouldn't actually take advantage of holes like this in the
system. Nope, no sirreee ...  Give your head a shake.
Alice de 'nonymous ...
                                  ...just another one of those...
                                                   ...hunters...
P.S.  This post is in the public domain.
                  C.  S.  U.  M.  O.  C.  L.  U.  N.  E.
