
@_date: 1995-11-07 01:47:51
@_author: anonymous-remailer at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: [noise, personal reply] CBC address. 
A post from Alice, that might be worth reading twice ...
Uhhm, thanks ... I guess ... but I wasn't _really_ looking for the CBC web site.
I was actually looking for someone to HOST a website which might showcase one particular program from the CBC, a program broadcast
in Canada which highlighted how AECL (Atomic Energy of Canada, Limited)
fails to practice safe computing and then when confronted, implements
a calculated program of strategic misrepresentation.  (i.e.  they lie.)
I thought that someone who strongly felt that error-free protocols and
error-free methods were important -- especially in mission critical
applications like medicine, commerce, or nuclear power plants -- might
possibly contact the CBC, and either voluntarily donate some bandwidth
and a host site, or conversely build a site devoted to showcasing the
human tragedy that can follow in the wake of shoddily designed
I mean, good grief, we have Atomic Energy of Canada taking a cavalier
attitude towards computer code.  Not only is AECL involved in nuclear
medicine, in building wonderful radiological tools to help cancer
patients (theoretically) live, but they BUILD nuclear reactors worldwide.  The CBC broadcast documented how this international firm REACTS to
reports of computer software errors.  It documents how the firm reacts
to reports of people dying because of sloppily written computer code.
The program is NOT (unfortunately) on the  website, but
should be placed on the net and made available.  I'm not sure how, that was misunderstood.
But your next statement helped make it clear.
I wasn't really asking for an answer, my Ottawa friend.  I really wasn't
looking for _another_ email in my mailbox to answer and address in my
copious spare time.  I was looking for some assistance. No direct reply was necessary.  Someone could simply announce that they were volunteering to quarterback
bringing a host website online, and dealing with all the issues that are
involved with that (including liasing with the CBC.)
I'm not *quite* sure how you misread what I was hoping to achieve.
If however, you were looking to convince me to post to from a remailer
that allows replies ... one that might let you send me known plain text
back through it ... something traceable back to me ... then I *might*
really understand, and I might beg off for a bit. Bit premature, and such ...
I think I'll pass on _that_ offer, especially since I really wasn't
looking for a personal private reply to what I wrote. Maybe, if I requote myself, it will be a little clearer all around.
(That's, strike two, btw ... to my Ottawa friend.)
Now, how on earth, (after rereading what I wrote) did my words get
misunderstood??  And how on earth did someone figure that they needed to
establish a bi-directional communications channel with me?? I mean it's not like I'm atacking AT&T or Netscape, I'm simply trying to
coordinate a basic public service, and blow the whistle on bad code.
Blow the whistle on software which people expect (rightfully) to be
reliable ...  software which people expect (rightfully) not to cause any
human harm. Alice de 'nonymous ...
                                  ...just another one of those...
P.S.  This post is in the public domain.
                  C.  S.  U.  M.  O.  C.  L.  U.  N.  E.
