
@_date: 1995-11-14 08:57:48
@_author: Name Withheld by Request 
@_subject: Cypherpunks Admissions Test 
Due to the large number of new subscribers, cryptogroupies, journalists, and
conspiracy freaks currently posting to Cypherpunks, it has become necessary
to restrict posting privileges on the list.  If you are contemplating a
post to cypherpunks at toad.com, please take the following test FIRST to
determine if your knowledge of cryptography and cypherpunk methodology is
sufficient to allow your participation.
Simply pick the BEST answer to EACH question.  Scoring information is
provided at the end of the test.
1)  The "Cyphernomicon" is:
2)  N.S.A stands for:
3)  If I wanted to keep my kid sister from reading my love letters, I'd:
            of my system, and then ...
4)  A good source of random numbers is:
5)  "Mod" stands for:
6)   A "Certificate of Authority" is:
7)  If Alice wants to send Bob her credit card number over the Internet,
    she should:
8)  If Mallet (RIP) needs to get Alice's password, he should:
9)  The cypherpunk motto, "Cypherpunks write code", means:
10)  On the cypherpunk list, the main medium of exchange is:
11)  A 'hash' is:
12)  The 'munitions' T-shirt is:
13)  ITAR, BTW, is:
14)  Blowfish is:
15)  Steganography is:
16)  If you see a "MAKE MONEY FAST - HERE'S HOW" message, you should:
17)  A 'prime number' is:
18)  The biggest problem with Chaum's e-cash is:
19)  If a company releases a crypto product but refuses to release the
     underlying algorithms in order to protect it from attack, it's called:
20)  A good example of a "nym" is:
To score your test, simply give yourself 4 points for each a) response, 3 points for each b), 2 points for each c), and 1 point for each d).
Now add up your point total.  If your score is:
<20 	CLUE-REPELLANT  Try adding up your score again, and this time take
20-39	CLUELESS NEWBIE  Read Tim May's "Cyphernomicon", Bruce Schneier's
40-59   YOU'RE READY  Go ahead and make your first post.  Of course, your
60-79	OLD-TIMER  You've obviously been on the list awhile, so keep on
80	C'mon, Perry, why are you wasting your time on this crap?
Just e-mail this test, and your score, to:
ldetweiler at tentacles.r.us.org
You should be receiving your Cypherpunks Encoder Ring (tm) via e-mail within
three business days.
