
@_date: 1995-12-20 16:55:57
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: What ever happened to... Cray Comp/NSA co-development 
First, thanks for the obvious 'kind' thoughts Tim... It's heartening that
you took the time to add some substantial info to the thread. However...
O.K. Just a factor of 16 increase over the CM architecture right? Not knowing
the computational capabilities of the individual processors, it might be
difficult to say what the machine is capable of. Wouldn't that have some
I didn't mention a 'processor-in-memory' architecture and neither did the NYT
article. Don't know about any other company involvement, just CCC and NSA.
You mean the avenues that are of PUBLIC record. The possibility could always
exist that the development continues 'in-house'. It wouldn't be the first time
that sort of move has been played.
You mean the problem of data collection? Well, it's true that this would be a
misuse of a supercomputer's specialized talents.
[Rant mode on]
Speculation Tim... I'm SPECULATING. Could, in theory... AND my kind of theory
probably has holes you could drive a FLEET of Mack trucks through. I have NO
evidence. I'm not sure WHO would care. I'M A PARANOID DILLUSIONAL PSYCHOPATH!
O.K. well maybe not that last part... but I'm asking the questions, remember?
I said I'm new here, so if your going to blow holes in my pet theories, then
do me the 'kindness' of using an accurate weapon... that's why I posted...
Again... I claimed NOTHING! SPECULATED MUCH! Now it's your turn... Why would
YOU build a machine like this? What could POSSIBLY be it's capabilities?
Speculate with me for a moment... *_take a chance_*.
Yes, my terminology sucks! But you get the drift don't you? Math is not a
strength of mine, I only know in very general terms what is involved (why,
then, am I even bothering to bring this up?). Because I AM however, VERY
concerned in the continual erosion of privacy rights in all forms
communications, electronic and otherwise.
[Rant mode off]
Nonsense? Is that 700 decimal digits or 700 binary digits? I don't have the
tables that you refer to. Where may I find them? (LOL)
No, I've already said that math is not a strength I possess. I've wondered
about the ability of the FBI to count on ten fingers and ten toes given some
of the justification that I've read for this capacity figure...
Sorry... I asked the question... and your speculation is (I would hope) MUCH
more accurate than mine. Again, math is not a strength of mine.
Yes, I believe that I've read Rivest's paper on the statistical probabilities.
I've never really believed in statistics, AND I'm sure you don't have the time
to convince me Tim (I'm sorry if I've been less than reverencial about this,
but I'm from Illinois which is right next door to Missouri).
No Tim, you have not... but on another note...
The "transphaser" is an optical equivalent to the transistor. It is a quantum
threshold optical switch, but it is not a 'mystery'. You should read Scientific
American more often ;>
O.K. I'm done with this line of discussion, you may however, continue to
     elaborate as I will, no doubt, continue to read...
"I have a little shadow that goes in and out with me,
 And what can be the use of him is more than I can see" R. L. Stevenson
