
@_date: 1995-11-06 15:12:03
@_author: anonymous-remailer at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: Keyed-MD5, and HTTP-NG 
Hmmm, I guess (as usual) people weren't keeping up with the drafts.  It really makes some of us outsiders wonder what the IETF actually does in its gilded white towers.
I guess that's certainly an _elitist_ attitude.  Let's leave Vermont alone
for a second and maybe talk about including the developing world in the
process.  That might explain some of the resistance. In many parts of the world, the basic telecommunications infrastructure
simply won't support a 2400 baud connection.  Does this then mean that
there should be no advocate, no voice for citizens from those regions
because they are limited to 300 baud? Hopefully we all agree that developing nations are equally entitled to a
voice in establishing standards which will define the foundations of the
next century.  I can't imagine anyone arguing for a pre-emptive silencing.
of voices which strive to be heard through setting technical standards as
a floor -- minimum standards which are designed *purposefully* to exclude. Next thing someone will advocate is EBCDIC, or something equally lame
idea, I guess ... Well, I think that it is possible to read a mailing list through HTML if
that is what you would like to do.  You have that option and choice. But
this does not mean that you should dictate that everyone should follow
your choices and preferences. While some would argue, that the attempted imposition of your personal
preferences is demonstrative of a monstrous ego that does not recognize
inherent individual jurisdiction, I won't expose myself to the accusation
that I would advance such a specious argument, I will simply ask what you
would suggest is the solution to including alternate views and voices, if it isn't a mailing list.
Will the standards track follow a policy of inclusion or historic policies
of exclusion? It really doesn't take all that long to get up to speed.  A couple of
months, tops.
Alice de 'nonymous ...
                                  ...just another one of those...
P.S.  This post is in the public domain.
                  C.  S.  U.  M.  O.  C.  L.  U.  N.  E.
