
@_date: 1996-03-29 18:53:28
@_author: owner-cypherpunks at toad.com 
@_subject: No Subject 
[Excellent points about gold's practical use, good timing, and industrial value countered by the current lack of industrial value.]
I was with you until this.  In fact diamonds are anything but rare.  Their value is the result of the most exceptional marketing by DeBeers, and the very tight restrictions on supply.  I might note that the restrictions on supply are even somewhat tangential.  DeBeers has created one of the most historic, long standing and impressive market distortions anyone has ever seen.
Of course this only goes to further the argument (which I think you are adopting) that it is fairly simple to estlablish a commodity of "value" regardless of intrinsic worth)
Even gem quality stones are relatively abundant believe it or not.
Again, even absent the intrinsic value of the substance it seems that marketing and perception will dictate "effective value."
This is precisely the point, and why, while I agree with your comments about gold today, I think the most important issue is the long term solvency of a commodity.  As you have noted, anyone can make a substance worth something in the short term.  (Tulips)  The challenge, and the goal in my view, is to create a currency based on a backing which endures the long term, and the unthinkable (collapse of a major government or some such).
When the value of the intrinsic worth of a commodity in question does become apparent is in periods of transition, flux, disorder, or strife.  The security of a currency is going to be a major factor, especially immediately following introduction, to its popularity- except in unusual circumstances (tulips, market distortions, etc.)
I'm not sure this is precisely true.  While gold itself might not be the best choice, the general principal that a commodity based currency is less secure or trustworthy than a government backed one (even a powerful and imposing government) is not one I'm prepared to endorse without I believe this correct.
Just like diamonds.
Again, while the commodity itself (gold) may not be appropriate, I don't believe this ends the argument.
Which suggests that private currencys must utilize e-cash (if at all) merely as monetary instruments which continue to look much like what exists today.  (e.g., drafts, checks, bonds...)
I concur.
I concur again.
Yet here I must differ.  I'm still not convinced that a legitimate commodity somewhat resistant to the market distortions you cite does not exist.  Don't ask me what it is yet, I'll have to give it some thought.
My preferred and soon to be permanent e-mail address:unicorn at schloss.li
"In fact, had Bancroft not existed,       potestas scientiae in usu est
Franklin might have had to invent him."    in nihilum nil posse reverti
00B9289C28DC0E55  E16D5378B81E1C96 - Finger for Current Key Information
