
@_date: 1996-02-05 14:01:33
@_author: jdoe-0007 at alpha.c2.org 
@_subject: Jim Bell - Murderous Terrorist 
AO> I consider Mr. Bell to be a crank and a loon.
DV> You're certainly entitled to your opinion. You might be interested to know that
DV> I consider Jim Bell to be highly intelligent, knowledgeable, and overall nice
DV> person. I'm particularly impressed by his calm and restrained response to your
DV> provocations. I've also formed a rather negative opinion of you, based on your
DV> actions in this incident.
Jim Bell has advocated nothing less than paid death squads using crypto as a
means to hide payment to these murderous terrorists.  If you can find a conspirator
of murder as " highly intelligent, knowledgeable, and overall nice person" then
you also are in need of immediate mental health intervention.
Should the mainstream media ever get wind of Bell's lunacy it will be one more
nail in the crypto-coffin spurring the Feds and international anti-crypto efforts to
a frenzy.  Bell is either a total fucking lunatic of the extreme right wing (having
read his suck ups posts supporting General Linda Thompson) or an agent provocateur for the Feds.  One is as bad as the other.  To quote your own
words to Mr. Olsen; " I've also formed a rather negative opinion of you, based
on your actions in this incident."
AO> He has no interest in any sort of honest discussion.
DV>  Honest or dishonest, the discussion of Jim's political views has nothing DV> to do with encryption.
His plans for death squads success DEPENDS on the anonymity provided by
AO> He wishes to draw in others in the hope of "punishing me".
DV> You're punishing yourself by destroying your credibility and carrying on this
DV> silly flame war. You've kicked Jim off of "your" mailing list, pushing the
DV> flame war that you've started to this list. I don't appreciate this.
And you think YOU have credibility here?  Sounds like you are cut from
the same murderous cloth as Jim Bell.
I pray that if by some freak of anarchy Bell's plan ever comes to
fruition both you and Bell will be the first victims of your own murderous
