
@_date: 1996-04-12 12:58:10
@_author: Michael C. Peponis 
@_subject: I have seen the enemy, and it is us (was Know Your Net.Enemies) 
Sure, it's worth a shot, but what is the ultimate goal???
I have noticed that there has been alot of noise about who is doing what, but instead of whining and crying, what are we going to do about it????
Cryptology lets people put an envelope on their communications, which is a significant achievment.  Digital signatures allow for authentication, another acheivement, but what else could be coded?
Sure, it is technicaly possible to set up net sites whos physical location could not be determined without alot of effort, but at that point, the war has already been lost, that practice is just minimizing the extent of the loss.
Seems all the end result is just rialing up everybody, and repeting ad nausum how stupid these people are, like we didn't know that These are not technical problems, they can not be coded out of existance.  The problem is with people, and must be delt with at that Legislation and debate will not do a damm thing, we have our views, others have thiers, and the two will never meet.  Personally, I don't even respect the family groups, national security types, etc, thus I really do not care about thier concerns or feelings, nor do they care for mine.
At some point and time, people are going to decide for themselves what is their freedom worth.  Are they willing to give up all the benifits of a parential govement taking care of them so that they can be truely free.
I would say no, even most people here are all for freedom, as long as it does not cost them anything.
They are all for freedom as long as they don't have to live in fear for their life because absolute freedom means that everybody can do whatever they want, and some people have no problem blowing you away for the stupidest reasons.
Such is human nature, alot of people are not very nice, sorry, that is the way it is.
The other one was "We need a stable enviorment to continue generating captital so we can afford to by new toys"
Again, we have a choice, give up our freedom for the toys, or give up the toys to be free.
As has been said many times before FREEDOM ISN'T FREE.
Michael C. Peponis
Public Key Avalible Via Key Servers, or Finger
