
@_date: 1996-02-27 09:29:27
@_author: anonymous-remailer at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: TIS--Building in Big Brother for a Better Tommorrow 
On 22 Feb 96, John Young wrote and quoted Steve Walker:
Oh, goody!
It's GAK (GAK!). Instead of one arm of the government
supposedly holding keys safe from unauthorized access by
another arm of the government, it will be a duly approved,
registered, regulated repository holding keys safe from unauthorized access by an arm of the government. Just like banks protect customers' funds and privacy... Gee! It sure sounds like utopia to me... utopia for government. Does anyone know of ANY regulated industry that exists at the pleasure of the government that also strenuously defends its customers' rights against government efforts? I think not.
There is no difference between the justification for this and what was offered to justify Clipper.  "Other adversaries," like those who want to keep their affairs private, or wish to live free in an increasingly unfree world? I think I'm gonna puke.
I AM gonna puke. Of COURSE most governments will go for this! The practical effect is essentially the same as if all paper mail were to be machine-copied and archived, only accessible with a "proper court order." Even though the government can go after your mail now, lawfully or UNlawfully, if they don't, it's gone -- it has no persistence in any system not under the control of sender or receiver, and as a practical matter ALL paper mail cannot be copied and archived by any third party. However, e-mail is rapidly replacing paper mail and some supposed advocates of crypto are helping the government ensure that MAIL of the future will have the potential to be a persistent "e-trail," something that paper mail could never be.
Yeah, I guess all the programmers in the world who DON'T work for Microsloth are just too darned stupid to have conceived of any such separation. Thank goodness MS made this possible! Now we can dispense with all those foolish delusions we once harbored and admit that all the DOS offline mail readers in the world that supported a configurable editor only *appeared* to interface to third-party crypto modules via editor interface layers... Now we can admit that we were mistaken in believing that Pegasus Mail was trivially equipped with a generic crypto interface and that an interface layer to PGP was released by another party within weeks...
What self-serving bullshit.
Yeah, this is a really good reason to flush privacy in communications down the toilet of subservience to limitless government. Really.
Of course. A remarkable arrogation of power rather than a concession: Laying the foundation for ALL communications to be available with a warrant, something the government has NEVER in its history enjoyed.
They were right and you are wrong in asserting that it would be "forever." These things solve themselves in time as
long as there is a plurality of political systems and national
interests on the planet. No government on earth can long
stand against irresistible forces.
Sure. So throw in the towel, eh? If you can't fight 'em, JOIN 'em. Right? That may be a compelling argument in favor of finding ways to send wakeup calls to the political machinery -- the kinds of calls that cause severe loss of sleep and the eruption of multitudinous beads of sweat -- but it is HARDLY an argument in favor of signing on, as it were, to GAK.
What you mean, "Us," kimosabe? This whole piece you've written
is a superficial rationalization for shitcanning principle when
it is placed in opposition to corporate survival by presumed
higher authority. If this is the "long-sought compromise"
that "gets us through this morass," it is a textbook example
of the "turd in the punchbowl" dilemma. How small a turd
will you compromise on before you will consider the punch fit
to drink? Rather a large one, evidently. Then again, this
could be because you see yourself more as a purveyor of punch
than an imbiber. History repeats itself. Endlessly.
What on earth gives you the idea that anyone outside
government wants to "ensure that governments have access when
justified?" Most individuals would prefer to have and use the
means to ensure that *no one* has access to their private
communications, "justified" or not. More death, torture,
mulilation, incarceration and confiscation have been
perpetrated by governments "justified" by laws valid in their
time and place than all the harm ever done by all the private
individuals in history. What is today's "justification" could well become tomorrow's crime against humanity.
If you're right, then maybe the whole thing needs to be dismantled and built again from the ground up. Really.
Yes -- the path of totalitarianism, apparently.
False. Suppose you and your spouse wish to remain inviolate but the guy in the ski mask wants to sodomize you both? To your way of thinking, "that path has to accomodate us all if we are ever to arrive at any mutually agreeable destination."  Good fucking luck.
Although it's possible this may never have occurred to you,
maybe those who want to see strong crypto freely available
would prefer that as long as the U.S. insists on maintaining
self-destructive crypto policies they impact U.S. industry and
provide incentive for foreign crypto development rather than
see U.S. industry crawl supine and subservient to lick the
shoes of bureaucrats who are, after all, our employees and
(supposedly) our SERVANTS.  What you are doing is going into agreement with the government and helping to take the pressure off the government, when what is really called for is a firm stand that keeps the responsibility for the consequences squarely where it belongs: on government hands. Caving while pretending to adhere to principle fosters that to which one caves. Standing firm is much more likely to force a change.  You've CHOSEN to be in a business whose market reach is at the pleasure of the government. Not satisfied with the reach allowed you, you jump through quite a few logical hoops to rationalize why it's ok to tailor principle to the necessities attendant to navigating the obstacles to which you voluntarily made yourself subject in the first place. Perhaps you can see why I wouldn't trust you with the keys to my car, much less my
The two have no natural connection. The unnatural connection
is created by government policy. As with the unnatural
connection established by a kidnapper between failure to meet
the demands and damage to the victim, you grant it legitimacy to the extent that you cave to it.
As far as exportable crypto in [our] lifetime... that will
take care of itself without your help. What you are doing
will DELAY it by appearing to address important issues while
in reality severely damaging the principle of maintaining
freedom of encryption by helping to establish a system in
which that freedom will not exist. Thanks, but no thanks.
No way, Jose! Most people who want it have access to PGP now, and already are using it with their favorite applications. The future can offer only more and better, regardless of present government policies.
Pegasus Mail showed that integration is not a big deal if
the software originates outside the U.S., so the direction is
established and obvious: As the many millions of programmers
around the world develop more and more advanced applications,
those apps increasingly will tend to have crypto interfaces. Those interested in crypto will buy foreign products. In the ABSENCE of efforts such as yours, the pressure on the U.S. government would rapidly become irresistible.
Yes indeed, and I have not the slightest desire to help you help the government institutionalize a bad policy.
Stephen, you've gotten carried away with yourself. "Ultimate
Utopia" indeed! I'm reminded of the validity of the communist
quip that capitalists will sell them the rope with which to hang the capitalists. Seems there is some truth to that. We Jurgar Din
(that will have to suffice: I do not yet live in a free country)
+"The battle, Sir, is not to the strong alone. It is to the+
+vigilant, the active, the brave. Besides, Sir, we have no +
+election. If we were base enough to desire it, it is now  +
+too late to retire from the contest." -Patrick Henry 1775 +
