
@_date: 1996-03-20 12:41:21
@_author: Kevin L Prigge 
@_subject: Keep the pressure! Cryptographers Against Cryptography EXPOSED! 
anonymous-remailer at shell.portal.com said:
Well, you can add me to the list. Although there are a couple of
problems with the Leahy bill, it still seems to me to be a step in the right direction. I'll answer up front. I work for the University of Minnesota. I don't
get a check, I have direct deposit. If you saw how much it is, you'll
*know* that I don't speak for them. I haven't lied for a couple of
minutes now, and certainly not about my support for the Leahy bill.
I'm not afraid of any right to privacy, in fact I insist on it and
support it whenever possible.
I don't know how you feel, and I wish you wouldn't show me, as I am
afraid that you feel squishy and slightly damp. That might cause me
to lose my appetite.
Don't forget grapes!
I can't remember breakfast, now what was that about RICO and World Government?
Did I take over the world again and forget to clean up after myself? Sorry.

@_date: 1996-03-20 20:12:41
@_author: anonymous-remailer at shell.portal.com 
@_subject: Keep the pressure! Cryptographers Against Cryptography EXPOSED! 
This is the third in a regular series of postings to expose
the lie that has become of the Leahy bill. I am proud to report that
the majority of us have the good sense to see this for what it is but
a few cypherpunks continue to lie to us and have not recanted. It is
too late to toss this up as a mistake in judgement.
We tried to educate these people on the error of their ways but
they persist in spreading the lie that the Leahy bill is good
for us. We tried to give them the benefit of the dout, but isn't
it funny that when presented with the facts NOT ONE OF THESE ""SCIENTISTS""
has admited to his CLEAR MISTAKE. No, they continue spreading the same
lie lie lie that the LEAHEY BILL WILL SOMEHOW HELP US.
THEY MUST BE STOPPED.
We can be fortunate that their number is small. At least the ones
we know about. Only three more since the last report. But even
one is too many.
These people have alot to answer for. Ask them who they work for
and who signs there checks. Ask them why they lie. Ask them why
they are afraid of your right to privacy. (of course we know why)
Show them HOW WE FEEL. Let them serve as examples too others if
they are too cowardly to serve as beacons for truth.
THE LIST OF SHAME:
B. Schneier: bs208 at newton.cam.ac.uk, schneier at counterpane.com
M. Blaze: mab at crypto.com, mab at research.att.com
J. Bizdos: jim at rsa.com
S. Safaddar: shabbir at vtw.org
D. Weinstein: djw at vplus.com
P.. Peterson: padgett at hobbes.orl.mmc.com
B. Stewart: stewarts at ix.netcom.com
B. Unicorn: unicorn at schloss.li
P. Karn: karn at unix.ka9q.ampr.org
D. McCullagh: declan at well.com
BOYCOTT APPLIED CRYPTOGRAPHY, AT&T, VTW, and RSA!!!!
THE LEAHY BILL IS 100% PART OF THE PLAN TO KILL FREE CRYPTO.
YOU DON'T NEED EXPERTS TO THINK FOR YOU! REMEMBER RICO AND WORLD GOVERNMENT!
