
@_date: 1996-02-13 14:23:41
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: Spin Control Alert (LI Newsday, 2/12/96) 
Exactly. Catharine MacKinnon, for instance, has called the EFF and other
Rimm-debunkers part of the "pro-pornography power block" which
represents the "howling fury of the pornographers protecting their
penises and their wallets."
The Family Research Council, which wrote today's Newsday today, has
launched similar attacks. The FRC is run by Gary Bauer, a former policy
assistant to Reagan and a former undersecretary at the Department of
Education. Now he heads the FRC, the DC-based lobbying extension of
James Dobson's "Focus on the Family." Dobson's history includes serving
on the Attorney General's Commission on Pornography (the Meese
Commission). Bauer also embraced Marty Rimm's cyberporn study as gospel,
calling the ACLU and EFF "porn industry apologists" who are "taking
cheap shots at this comprehensive study."
Thanks to Rob, the Newsday op-ed is at:
   Related articles about the FRC are at:
      ObCrypto: Yes, Know Your Enemies and work with the natural enemies of
the religious right, such as groups like the ACLU and the FEN. The
theocratic push to outlaw nonescrowed crypto is next.

@_date: 1996-02-14 16:57:14
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: Spin Control Alert (LI Newsday, 2/12/96) 
Excerpts from mail: 13-Feb-96 Re: Spin Control Alert (LI .. by Sten
Drescher at grendel.te I do hope the religious right keeps fighting against GAK. However good
their intentions may be on *that* issue, it is transcendently obvious to
anyone who has been following the flux on Capitol Hill that they were
behind the recent push to regulate the Internet. (I assume your Bible
argument is just posturing. No U.S. Attorney, political appointees they,
ever will prosecute someone who puts the complete text of the King James
Bible online.)
So you are trivially correct in asserting that not everyone who
identifies as a member of the "religious right" supports all the actions
of their lobbyists in Washington. However, that does not change the fact
that conservative theocrats were the architects of the cyberporn scare
and the accompanying "indecency" legislation.
The selfsame theocrats, in fact, used Marty Rimm's cyberporn study and
the TIME cyberporn cover as a vehicle to promote their agenda. The very
conservative Sen. Chuck Grassley in July 1995 organized a hearing around
Rimm's study to justify his anti-smut legislation. "Not a study by an
advocacy group!" he crowed on the Senate floor.
Of course, he neglected to say that religious right lobbyists *helped
write* Rimm's study, and a member of his staff likely was involved.
Let's see who the players are, as identified by Mike Godwin:
 1) _The National Coalition for the Protection of Children and Families._
Formerly the National Coalition Against Pornography, this organization
renamed itself last year, perhaps in anticipation of its legislative
compaign against online "indecency" (a broader category than pornography).
 2) _The National Law Center for Children and Families._ This orgnization
was formerly headed by antiporn activist Cathy Cleaver -- it is now headed
by Bruce Taylor, formerly a prosecutor specializing in obscenity cases and
formerly the general counsel of a an antiporn group based in Phoenix,
Arizona, and founded under the name "Citizens for Decency through Law."
The organization was founded by Charles Keating, himself a veteran of the
Attorney General's Commission on Pornography (a.k.a. the Meese
 3) _Enough is Enough!_  Presenting itself as a secular effort, this
organization provides a platform for former party girl and ex-No
Excuses-jeans model Donna Rice-Hughes, who has leveraged her fame from the
Gary Hart candidacy into a career as an antiporn activist. (With almost
suspiciously frequent meetings with Bob Dole.)
Enough is Enough is headed by Dee Jepsen, who testified about the
dangers of online nastiness at Grassley's cyberporn hearing. Bob
Chatelle from the Boston Coalition for Freedom of Expression reports
that Jepsen is Chairman of the Board of Regents of Pat Roberson's Regent
University, is Cochair of Washington For Jesus, and has served on the
Steering Committee of the Coalition on Revival, closely linked with the
Christian Reconstructionist movement. Reconstructionists believe that
Christians should "take dominion" and establish Old Testament law. Many
Reconstructionists openly advocate death for homosexuals, preferably by
I'd be happy to expand on the links between the religious right and the
move to regulate the Net, but Mike Godwin has already done it quite
eloquently, at:
   Some additional background about Donna Rice's censorship efforts,
including recent media profiles of her:

@_date: 1996-02-16 18:10:16
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: Spin Control Alert (LI Newsday, 2/12/96) 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 14-Feb-96 Re: Spin Control Alert (LI
.. by Sten Drescher at grendel.te Since you don't understand the way Federal criminal charges work,
there's no reason I should take your argument seriously. (Hint: The
*U.S. Attorney*, or an AUSA, files charges, not you, me, or a random
As for this mythical Bible being removed, that is irrelevant to this
discussion, which centers around a Bible being *prosecuted*. If I had a
Bible on my web site (perhaps the TCM Vernacular Translation!) I'd
remove it just to make a point. As I suspect the owner of the web pages
Many of us have engaged in lofty rhetoric saying what *could* be
prosecuted -- the Bible, and Catcher in the Rye, and other works of
Now that the law's passed, let's talk about what *will* be prosecuted.
It will be material that U.S. Attorneys think will get them a
conviction. NAMBLA materials, stories about pedophilia, paraphilia, and
bestiality, and images of hardcore porn -- preferably gay porn -- that
are available to minors.
This law is dangerous because it is so overbroad that prosecutions can
be made exceedingly selectively -- depending on what a US Atty thinks
will offend a jury composed of folks from his area of the country.
