
@_date: 1996-01-12 18:50:14
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: AP story on PGP 
U.S. Attorney Won't Prosecute Author of Computer Encryption Program
By ELIZABETH WEISE=
AP Cyberspace Writer=
program he wrote that was put on the Internet and is now widely
used by computer users to keep their communications secret, the
government said Thursday.
computer messages into a jumble of numbers and letters unreadable
to anyone except the intended recipient.
under the Arms Export Control Act, making its export without a
license a felony.
the program appeared on the Internet global computer network.
Zimmerman said that others put it there, not him.
fear it will make it harder to monitor electronic communications
overseas, and domestic law enforcement agencies are concerned such
programs could keep them from eavesdropping on digital
prosecute Zimmerman, but didn't say why. If convicted, Zimmermann
would have faced 51 months in prison.
me anymore and I wonder why it took so long,'' Zimmermann said in a
phone interview from his home in Boulder, Colorado.
The information age is here. The rest of us need cryptography to
conduct our business.''
government square off over free speech and privacy rights.
that Zimmerman had broken the law because the same coding
information forbidden for export electronically may be shipped
abroad in print form. They also noted that the technology already
circulates throughout the world, making the law unenforceable.
Attorney seemed to be missing the point. Unfortunately there still
is no clear ruling from our government as to whether or not making
software available on the Internet counts as exporting it,'' said
Simson Garfinkel, who wrote a book about the program.
government could do widespread eavesdropping, perhaps for political
reasons, scanning for words and phrases it considers subversive.
They acknowledge that a few criminals may use programs like PGP to
hide out in cyberspace, but believe that concern is outweighed by
free speech and privacy rights.
good technologies for privacy. We hope the government's decision
signals a rethinking of federal policy in this very important
area,'' said Marc Rotenberg of the Electronic Privacy Information
Center in Washington, an on-line civil rights watchdog group.
they don't want the public relations nightmare of prosecuting
Philip Zimmermann, but they still want everyone scared so that they
won't exercise their Constitutional rights,'' Garfinkel said.
