
@_date: 1997-12-15 00:07:38
@_author: Human Gus-Peter 
@_subject: Jim Bell Revisited 
Half-Baked knows that, but with his bowling-mentality, he thinks
he has a better chance of throwing a strike if he puts a little spin
on his balls, while twisting Jim's.
  Was that FELONY 'Making a bad smell'? I farted in an IRS office once
(on purpose). Am I a Jim Bell co-conspirator?   Are my armpits considered a felony or a misdemeanor?
  The government misuses my Social Security Number to steal my money.
Where do I press charges? Can I place airline employees under citizen's
arrest when they demand it?
  Winter winds blow both ways.
  The government's armed assault on Ma and Pa Bell's residence took place
within hours of an email being sent to him containing a rough draft of
a chapter of an InterNet published manuscript describing and lauding
Bell's AP system.
  It is interesting to note that the emails from treasury.gov constituted
the same type of 'threat' that Bell was roundly accused of by government
officials and the press.
  The winter wind blows both ways.
  It is also easy to reach the conclusion that the AP-BOT results sent to
the Oregonian and to the officials involved (via their internal email
systems) played a hand in the judges 'vacation' before Bell's delayed
sentencing. (Or that petty government officials involved in Bell's case
were not impressed with the fact that they were becoming the source of
valuable digital prizes in the AP-BOT community, without receiving the
same protection as those who were behind the criminal malefeasance
directed at Bell.)
  Bell's persecution was straight out of the spook's political torture-
indoctrination handbook. The only difference is that many aspects of the
turning of Bell's thumbscrews were made public (just before tax-time,
surprise, surprise).
  That was half of the purpose of his persecution. "We the people" were the
other half of the sacrificial lamb targeted for cold-storage.
  The corollary to this is that we are moving closer to a country where
we will need to take up arms in both meatspace and cyberspace if we wish
to defend our basic human rights.
(Former NRA members are unlikely to take any more consolation from the
 government's expressed desire to only want to ban 'strong' crypto, than
 they were from the government's incremental announcements that they only
 want to ban criminal/assault/dangerous-looking/kind-of-scary/citizen's
 guns.)
  Rage Against The Machine
  Lock And Load
  Lock And Loll
Human Gus-Peter-San
