
@_date: 1998-07-19 05:41:51
@_author: Life.Without.Debt 
@_subject: No Subject 
Get Out Of Debt For Life Program If I have offended you in any way I apoligize.
This list is meant for people who are interested in
making money or business opportunities. Simply reply
with Remove and our software will block you from further I am the mailer of this invitation, and just one of the many people in the Easy Money, Compound Leveraging, Educational Program, who is determined to help YOU become financially independent!
 ..... Have you ever wished that you could find a money creating, mail order program that is simple enough, and cheap enough to promote, that all you need to do, is get in, tell a few friends about it and get Rich Quick, without leaving the comfort of your own home?
 Well, my friend, .................You have finally found it!
  I recently became involved in this plan, by responding to a flyer just like the one below this letter. I spent only $5 out of my pocket to get started, and began receiving envelopes  with money inside them, just a few days  after entering the program.
 ... I could not believe my eyes, at first, because I had not even had time to tell anyone about the program, so I dug through the pile of other mail order junk on my desk, and I found the information on the Life Without Debt Plan, that I had received the previous week and I Re-read every word trying to find a catch, because I was sure there must be one! Guess What,!!! The catch is there is no catch!
 ... I also called the person who mailed me the plan, to ask how this happened so fast! He explained the plan, as best he could, but said he did not know much, except that he to was receiving money in the mail almost daily, yet he had only started advertising, by mailing a few flyers each week.
 ..... He told me to advance to the next steps as instructed in the information kit, because that was what he had done, and my envelopes of money would have larger sums in them, from that point on!
.. I advanced to the additional plans, and behold, believe it or not, the envelopes of money come to my mail box daily, and they get fatter and fatter, every single day, with more money in each envelope!
 .. I know the plan can work for YOU too! Give it a try! You have nothing to loose and everything to gain!
 ...Return your completed Form Below, and $5 cash, to the computer center as soon as possible, so the data entry folks can place some of the folks responding to my mailings under you!
..They only accept cash because they turn it around immediately and send it out to the people already in the program.  They don't have time to deal with cashing checks and tracking down bad ones which is time consuming and costly.
 ......... If you need to contact me to ask questions, Email me at iglooy at postmaster.co.uk ... I will be happy to answer any question you have, About this fantastic opportunity, If I can, although I'm new to the program, and to tell you the truth, I don't care how it works, because I know it works, Even if I don't understand everything! Lord Knows, What would happen, if I knew how it works!!
John Ball
