
@_date: 1998-09-17 23:49:46
@_author: Kevin Elliott 
@_subject: Democracy... 
I a word, bullshit.  The constitution the way the constitution was phrased
makes it very clear- YOU DO NOT HAVE TO COMMIT A CRIME TO BE GUILTY OF
IMPEACHABLE OFFENSES!!! Many people have been impeached in Americas history
and most were not guilty of a crime, ie their offenses were not legal
crimes or they were never prosecuted for the crime they were impeached and
tried for.  Fact- the president has commited perjury.  That is undeniable,
Starr has presented his evidence very clearly and I don't think that needs
to be rehashed.  Are his actions sufficient to yield a criminal conviction
in the "real world"?  In a general sense yes but in a broader sense that is
completely irrelevant to the question at had.  A parking ticket is
suffiecent to qualify as an impeachable offense under the constitution
("high crimes and MISDEMEANORS) but again that isn't relevant.  For the
sake of argument I will through out all criminal conduct, all perjury
issues, obstruction of justice, possible sexual assault, everything.  What
we are left with is a president who engaged in gross sexual misconduct with
a women under his employment.  That is ethical misconduct of the most
aggregious kind.  It undermines authority, disturbs professional atmosphere
necessary for a smoothly functioning organization.  In any corporation in
America it would, by custom and, in some jurisdictions, law, be grounds for
immediate dismissal.  Impeachment is exactly that.  It imposes no
punishments, no jail time, no fines, it simply removes an official from the
position he has failed to faithfully execute.
"DOS/WIN based computers manufactured by companies such as IBM, Compaq,
Tandy, and millions of others, are by far the most popular, with about 70
million machines in use worldwide. Macintosh fans, on the other hand, note
that cockroaches are far more numerous than humans, and that numbers alone
do not denote a higher life form." - New York Times
-Kevin "The Cubbie" Elliott
