
@_date: 1998-02-03 16:46:22
@_author: MAILER-DAEMON at toad.com 
@_subject: Liquidation 
Forwarding this message to you because I thought the following 3 items would be
of real interest to you.
I wanted to get it out to you ASAP. This information is only going to be
available for a few more days. Deal is, right now, you can get still it for Here is what you can get:
1) The contact names and private phone number of a company that is PAYING CASH
for unwanted used material handling equipment.
This company is one of the largest used equipment BUYERS in the nation and even
pays finders fees.
2) Wouldn't it be nice to save as much as 80% on items you're probably buying at
full retail currently? We've uncovered the Web address to one of the Internet's top  "Liquidation
Specials of the Month" web site .
Now you'll have the insider's track on buying at wholesale like the pros do.
It's really a cool site! But don't take my word for it, check it out for yourself.
3) Get the  hottest material handling product catalog on the market today.
No, I'm not exaggerating. This catalog has everything you could possibly want
and they offer new, used or reconditioned items that almost every business uses
each and every day.
All the information, the catalog, the names, phone numbers, contacts in one
complete package . You don't even pay postage!
So how can you take advantage of this risk free offer? It's as easy as 1-2-3, here is all you have to do:
Step 1)
Simply call the " Equipment Buyers Guide" at 205-941-4795 Monday-Friday during regular business hours.    This offer is ending Friday.  Seriously gang, don't delay.
Step 2)
Tell them you want the "INSIDERS BUYING GUIDE PACKAGE  sent to you
(Make sure you stress you want "PACKAGE  as this is the BIG package
 which includes all the key numbers and names .)
Step After we get the proper mailing information, you'll see it in a day or two!
I know this package will save you and your company hundreds, maybe even thousands of dollars.Pick up the phone now and get the INSIDERS BUYERS GUIDE
PACK  sent to you now.
