
@_date: 1998-12-12 06:47:11
@_author: Netcenter Registration 
@_subject: Welcome to Netcenter 
Dear Monica Lewinsky,
Welcome to NETSCAPE NETCENTER, where you can
access all the Internet services you need in
one convenient location. With your FREE enrollment
in Netscape Netcenter, you're joining millions of
others who've already discovered the Internet's
best resource for software, content, commerce,
and community.
YOUR FREE EMAIL ACCOUNT
As a bonus, we have automatically reserved for you
your own private Netscape WebMail account:
cpunksusa at netscape.net
Netscape WebMail accounts, provided free to all Netcenter members, are accessible from any computer
with internet access.  You can activate your
WebMail account here:
IMPORTANT MEMBERSHIP INFORMATION
Each time you visit us at Netscape Netcenter, you will enter your user name and password. Our records now indicate:
Your User Name is: cpunksusa
Please keep this information for future reference.
BEST OF THE NET
With your Netscape Netcenter membership, you'll be
able to take advantage of a broad variety of business and consumer channels like news, sports and personal finance; outstanding products from leading companies such as Music Boulevard, Travelocity, Amazon.com, and FTD; and integrated services like personalization to give you the
information you want, when you want it.
And, there's more! We'll send you a periodic email newsletter featuring all the latest information on the specials, services and products available to you.
It will keep you informed of the frequent updates and
new services being added to Netcenter.
Thank you for becoming a member of Netscape Netcenter, your home on the Net.
The Netcenter Team
NETSCAPE NETCENTER
Netsearch: Member Directory:
Netscape respects your online time and Internet privacy. This welcome letter is a one-time only mailing. If you would like to subscribe or unsubscribe to other Netscape or partner mailings, please visit our In-Box Direct service.
Copyright (c) 1998.  Netscape Communications Corporation.  All rights reserved
