
@_date: 1996-05-30 00:35:50
@_author: [0m [5m    Toth 
@_subject: RSA breaking 
First i want to apologize: I'm french, my english is pretty good, but if there's some things you don't understand, don't hesitate to ask me further explanations.
  I'm studying computing. I've studied the RSA encription system, i know that PGP is based on RSA and o know that you give full confiance to PGP.
  As i and another student, have calculated, an RSA public key of a hundred numbers can't be broken with a software by the force method.(You all know that, sorry to say evidences :)  )
But, cause there is a but, it can be broken by an hardware system. Gimme the money, i'll break it, a simple algorithm can be "hardwarly programmed" and with very high-tech components, the speed it can have is enough to break an RSA key.
  It's for me an evidence that your government has already done it, and that your dreams of privacy are maybe a good joke for some bureaucratists of the pentagon.
  Of course it (would) take a little time, but as soon as they have your key, it's real time for them to decrypt.
  One constant thing in the RSA code is that it is always faster to find a key than to break it, that's why i suggest that you find a system of russian dolls encryption with PGP that would crypt a message a lot of times.
  For studying computing, i know that is time to decrypt a message with the key is so small, that even if i am wrong, it won't be a loss to use a multiple encryption.
  I hope i don't look like a rooky for you, this letter is humblously written.
     Greetings, salutations....
  No one is more vulnerable than the one who thinks he is, and who's wrong.

@_date: 1996-05-30 02:46:28
@_author: [0m [5m    Toth 
@_subject: RSA breaking 
PGP is completely based on RSA, break RSA, it's breaking PGP at the same time.
I said a hundred numbers key, but it can be applied on more, course a thousand, even 200 or 300 seems quite impossible in matter of time.
Difficult to evaluate, as long as it is not really my way(it's programming), but it's kite simple to make hardware from algorithms, just with an optimized eratosten crible(it's the name in french, i don't know the translation, but you'll certainly understand).
Hard to evaluate, an infinite amount of money(i mean in matter of research) would be enough, sure that only a big lab, or a government can support this, but as soon as built, the breaking box is of no price.
For the cost, i can't evaluate, for the time, i'll calculate tonight, and will send results tomorrow.
  Sincerely yours,      Eric
 PS: Hope not everyone will take my mail as bad as you think to take it, a thousands pardon if i misunderstood(or you), but it's quite hard for me to follow in English, and to explain with full subtility.

@_date: 1996-05-30 04:03:30
@_author: [0m [5m    Toth 
@_subject: RSA breaking 
My idea(it is not me that found that) is that tou could have many public keys, when someone want to send you something, he just mail you his(or her) keys, and then you encrypt with the first key, then with the second, etc...
  This system is used by some anonymous remailers:
Each one has a key, you encript your text with the key of the last remailer, then you put your text, the adress of the people tou want the letter to be sent, then encrypt it with the key of the before the last remailer, and put the adress to be sent of the last remailer, etc
So your letter is decripted by the first remailer, then sent to the adress found, then the second remailer decrypts it, etc, like an onion.
  The fact is that you can obtain a very good privacy if you have some keymaker programm. Let suppose you want to send me a crypted text(don't, it's forbidden to crypt in france), you mail to my remailer, that choose 1000(arbitrary number) keys, that send it to you, crypted with your key, you crypt your text the necessary number of times.
  This way, the message will be maybe uncrypted by someone, but if the key change for each message, someone can't find your key, i insist on this danger, having one key is useless as soon as someone found it.
  As i said, it is impossible to break an RSA code with softwares, the best attempt was 25 days with ten Crays linked for a key of only 50 numbers.
  But this can be done as i said before with a simple eratosten crible "translated" into hardware. Sorry electronic is not my way, but for the exemples i saw in class, it is really to the ability of a basic electronician, and they were more complicated than what i am talking about.
  The best components you have, the faster you'll go, so a governement or a bog private lab can afford this kind of prices.
