
@_date: 2000-09-14 04:53:14
@_author: Email Offer 
@_subject: CDR: (KMM16139539C0KM) 
This message is a computer-generated autoreply. Your request or inquiry could not be processed automatically and is being returned to you. E-mail sent to this address will not reach our support team.
If you have a question or request, please resubmit it using one of the following links.
To unsubscribe from NBCi newsletters:
 OR
mailto:subscriptions at nbci.com
To contact the support team for other issues, Thank you.
--------Original Message--------
This message is in MIME format. Since your mail reader does not this format, some or all of this message may not be legible.
Note: This is a special one-time mailing for Snap.com.
You have not been automatically subscribed to any additional
Dear Snap Member,
We're excited to let you know that Snap.com is being enhanced and to provide everything you need on the Web in one fantastic new site
NBCi.com.  A beta test version of the site is already up and running, we'll continue to improve and fine-tune our services in the coming weeks
and months.
Check out To create NBCi.com, we have taken the best features from Snap.com,
combined them with the best features from our sister site XOOM.com and
added hot information & entertainment content from NBC.
How does this affect you?
If you have personalized services under MySnap  (stock portfolio,
horoscope, weather, etc), all of your information is still available via
the same member name and password.  This area is now called MyNBCi.
Go to My NBCi
Some of NBCi's offerings will be new, and you'll see them rolling out in
the weeks and months ahead.  However, we'll still offer our best-known
services and continue to improve upon them.
What you will find on NBCi:
*     Fresh and relevant information on the subjects that interest
     you most:  News, Personal Finance, Travel, Shopping, Health,
     Technology, Entertainment and more!
*     The most relevant search results on the Web
     *     Free e-mail account  *     Current local information, so you know what's happening around
     you *     Personalized services: calendar, address book and more!
     *     Access to more Software Downloads
     We want to make NBCi your trusted agent on the Web A personalizable Web
site that gives you WHAT your want WHEN you want it!
We value your opinion and would like to hear from you.  Please give us
your feedback on our new service.
Tell us what you think
Can't find what you're looking for?
This email was sent to: cypherpunks at toad.com
