
@_date: 2000-09-19 13:50:32
@_author: Kevin Elliott 
@_subject: CDR: Re: And you thought Nazi agitprop was controversial? 
References: <200009181454.JAA02185
Oh yeah, now things get interesting.  The issue of allowing such things in your newspaper is a problem you have with your newspaper, not them.  If you don't like what your newspaper publishes complain to it, not to NAMBLA.  The ISP issue is similar.  I don't have a problem with an organization controlling the material it carries, BUT I have a serious problem with organizations-
A. Not making the fact they do such things VERY clear in their user agreement, etc.
B. Changing said agreement depending on which way the wind blows.
Their is also a legal issue here that is worth mentioning.  An ISP deciding to censor/filter traffic based on content potentially opens that ISP to serious legal risk.  As long as an ISP acts as a simple bit shuffler their liability for user activity is tiny.  They enjoy the same status as the telephone company (that of a common carrier) and thus have no responsibility for the traffic they carry.  The moment the step over that line and begin to monitor said traffic they can no longer claim to be a common carrier.  I believe their was an interesting case several years ago where an ISP in the Eastern US was held liable for pornographic material stored on one of there news servers, specifically because they had taken action in the past to remove such material.
Regardless however, all such activities to restrict traffic ought to be done by contacting the individuals and/or organizations responsible (either carriers or originators), not by running to big momma government and whining about how such talk disturbs you.  Using the government and specifically the judiciary as a big cudgel to beat people who's opinion you disagree with into submission is morally reprehensible.  People who abuse government in such a way ought to be shunned with the same venom typically reserved for pedophiles and persons of similar ilk.
