
@_date: 2001-11-09 11:08:14
@_author: keyser-soze at hushmail.com 
@_subject: America the Damned 
"We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights, that among these are Life, Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness.--That to secure these rights, Governments are instituted among Men, deriving their just powers from the consent of the governed, --That whenever any Form of Government becomes destructive of these ends, it is the Right of the People to alter or to abolish it, and to institute new Government, laying its foundation on such principles and organizing its powers in such form, as to them shall seem most likely to effect their Safety and Happiness. "
Individuals are morally free to make the decision when the "Form of Government becomes destructive of these ends."  And its their soverign duty to make war against the tyranny.  Remember that only a small, perhaps less than 10%, of the Colonials took an active part in revolting against the Crowne.  All Tim has done is advocated the same sort of treatment the founders advocated for formation of our country.  All the goverment has done is to criminalize any utter of similar treatment of itself.  Reminds me of the bumper stickers "Welcome to California, Now Go Home."  Just what one expects from a statist group.  Its OK that we were founded by revolution  but not that we may be subjected to another revolution. Same as it ever was.
While it is true that much of the early CP list debate centered on technology for empowerment of privacy, it was also regularly discussed that eventually the government might decide that such freedoms were damaging to their hegemony and take measures to punish adherents and suppliers of these "munitions".  When one is subjected to tyranny one has several choices, including: hiding, kneeling and waiting for the shit to blow over, and fighting.  This fighting may be in the legal arena, but in times of "national emergency" the likelyhood of finding an unbiased ear on the bench or the jury box may preclude a fair trial.  In that case one might identify the oppressors and individually target them.  I suggest if you find expression of such logical sentiment objectionable that you leave the list.
