
@_date: 2001-11-24 15:01:46
@_author: keyser-soze at hushmail.com 
@_subject: IP: Wanna make biological weapons and take out cities? $10. 
misdoings and abuses versus a book that gives a detailed recipe on how some disgruntled lunatic with $10 in their pocket can kill tens of thousands, maybe even millions, of other people "from your basement, in your spare time".
Many of the works in the Loompanics catalogue are practical, how-to, manuals on manufacture and use of weapons, some now classed as illegal.
The barriers to law enforcement in obtaining this type of information is part of the balance struck between individual civil liberties and the easy with which law enforcement is able to carry out some of their mandate to identify and capture criminals.  It is only in a police state that law enforcement's job is "easy."  Despite my concern over the possession of such information by some who have plans to use it to hurt others, I have no interest in seeing this balance tipped toward enforcement.
Anyone who looked for their inept government security agencies to provide all or most of their security were fools.  Any who continue to look for this protection going forward are larger fools.  To paraphrase P.T. Barnum, "A fool and their life are soon parted."  Your safety is most assured when you take personal responsibility.
The reasons for this failure have been much publicized and ignored over the past two decades.  The massive funding of these agencies post Sept. 11 are unlikely to have any immediate positive effects as money was never the primary problem.
This seems to be based on the assumption that one does not have a fundamental right to property: the right to possess it or transfer it.  That roadblocks need to be erected to prevent us from efficiently exercising this right.  The right to privacy, especially financial privacy is a basis of democratic government.  By limiting the manner in which one may hold property, especially without the knowledge of government agencies or ones neighbors, we greatly limit our freedom of private property ownership and privacy.
I'm sure you can think of others.  I'd put anthrax and other biological or chemical weapons into that category, too.  I'd hope that anyone buying (or attempting to buy) such stuff would at least slightly raise an eyebrow on the part of SOMEONE charged with helping to maintain a society that's safe to live in.  It's clearly NOT enough to only monitor such things on the part of madmen like Saddam Hussein... clearly, we have crazy people right here in the United States, too.  They're no less in need of at least some oversight to make sure that they don't go off the deep end and endanger as much as an entire city (or possibly even worse).
Abraham Lincoln :
"Whenever they shall grow weary of the existing Government, they can exercise their constitutional right of amending it or their revolutionary right to dismember or overthrow it." "First Inaugural Address" (available at  "Any people anywhere, being inclined and having the power, have the right to rise up, and shake off the existing government, and form a new one that suits them better. This is a most valuable,---a most sacred right---a right, which we hope and believe, is to liberate the world. Nor is this right confined to cases in which the whole people of an existing government, may choose to exercise it." (Speech in the United States House of Representatives, Jan. 12, 1848) You or I certainly couldn't consider overthrowing our government with a pistol, rifle or shotgun. The individual possession of Weapons of Mass Destruction is fundamental to exercise of our rights.  The Supreme Court essentially came to this conclusion in the case of Miller vs. U.S, but shortly thereafter it beat a hasty retreat in Case vs. U.S.
"In view of this, if the rule of the Miller case is general and complete, the result would follow that, under present day conditions, the federal government would be empowered only to regulate the possession or use of weapons such as a flintlock musket or a matchlock harquebus. But to hold that the Second Amendment limits the federal government to regulations concerning only weapons which can be classed as antiques or curiosities,--almost any other might bear some reasonable relationship to the preservation or efficiency of a well regulated militia unit of the present day,--is in effect to hold that the limitation of the Second Amendment is absolute. Another objection to the rule of the Miller case as a full and general statement is that according to it Congress would be prevented by the Second Amendment from regulating the possession or use by private persons not present or prospective members of any military unit, of distinctly military arms, such as machine guns, trench m!
ortars, anti-tank or anti-aircraft guns, even though under the circumstances surrounding such possession or use it would be inconceivable that a private person could have any legitimate reason for having such a weapon. It seems to us unlikely that the framers of the Amendment intended any such result."  So, where we sit now is that we have a fundamental right to overthrow our government by violence but the discussion of this subject or possession of the means is a felony.
But since this expensive security has now been shown to be ineffective don't you think those citizens are entitled to a refund?  These expenditures were foolish but should individuals be held responsible for the folly of their fellow citizens?  Should I be able to sue our government for reimbursement of the costs of living in a gated and guarded community because I think the police have "created a dangerous condition" by not providing an adequate level of protection to my family?  This is a fools game.
Section 4.0 Engineering and Design of Nuclear Weapons
world) will shed great tears when ObL is captured or killed, I think that few of them will be very upset when this guy selling "murder millions of your fellow citizens" cookbooks is eliminated.
Nor shall I when those of my fellow citizens who with a fundamental lack of constitutional awareness call for such results meet a similar fate.
This no more a far gone conclusion than that some of those who passed these new measures or attempt to enforce them will lose their lives in doing so.
