
@_date: 2001-09-24 17:01:10
@_author: keyser-soze at hushmail.com 
@_subject: FC: Sen. Hollings plans to introduce DMCA sequel: The SSSCA 
I wish I had a penny for every such conversation regarding this topic I've had.
I wish I shared your hopeful attitude.  Earlier in our country's history, when the public educational system was functioning a bit better, the average citizen had a broader perspective and a firsthand knowledge of the Constitution.  Since the '60s the public system has all but failed subsequent generations leaving most ignorant and uninterested about how we got to where we are today, and easily propaganized.  I've spent a considerable amount of time with those younger than 30 and its freightening how few (except for the radicals and a few lawyers) have ever read the founder's documents.  Democracy only works when a citizenry is well informed.  So what do you do now that you've got a generation of rubes?  The political structure has almost precluded representation by those with minority views.  The Republicrats are little more than two underworld gangs fighting over turf (us and our taxes) while we only get to flip a coin to determine who sticks it to us.  How do you convince them that their leaders have been increasingly operating outside the intentions of the framers by ignoring and "re-interpreting" the Constitution to accomodate popular political sentement or accomodate powerful forces often with hidden agendas?
Thanks, I'll look into it.
I'd like to return the favor, Thomas.  I suggest reading "The Sovereign Individual : Mastering the Transition to the Information Age."
In The Sovereign Individual, Davidson and Rees-Mogg explore the greatest economic and political transition in centuries -- the shift from an industrial to an information-based society. Although somewhat repetitve, they raise some compelling arguments about what techo-geo-political factors have shaped governemnt and society and what current and anticipated factors will shape it yet again.  Specifically that "the economic return on violence," which is mainly tied to technology, is the most important long term influence on geopolitics.
Their prediction is that nation states will be reduced significantly in
global influence by the combination of the Internet (especially anonymous
digital money) and the proliferation of chemical and biological weapons in
the hands of smaller nation states, idiological groups and even
individuals. Their premise is that all governments have an implicit or
explicit covenant that if citizens agree to be taxed and bound by its laws,
they will protect them from harm (both foreign and domestic). If these
nations cannot deliver on this basic promise, and the authors they say
that's not likely without police state authority, then many wealthier
individuals (esp. those who's income and assets are Internet-based and
cannot be easily liened) will become state-less and go to wherever they
feel safe and free.  The masses will left to fight over the crumbs.
