
@_date: 2001-08-01 05:01:02
@_author: Your Membership Newsletter 
@_subject: Your Membership Exchange, #440 
Your Membership Exchange, Issue  (August 1, 2001)
         Your Membership Daily Exchange
Your place to exchange ideas, ask questions,
swap links, and share your skills!
Removal/Unsubscribe instructions are included at the bottom
for members who do not wish to receive additional issues of
this publication.
You are a member in at least one of these programs
- You should be in them all!
Today's Special Announcement:
THE SECRET'S OUT!
Million Dollar Earners & Leaders Worldwide Are Aligning
Themselves With This Company.
Why? Because of a product needed by the masses.
A product ANYONE can market worldwide.
A product that will create incomes never before seen.
Official Pre-launch 7-01..Check Now for details NOW!
           JT Timmer:  New virus alert
   ANSWERS:
     - My computer is asking for a .vxd file?
           R. Dry: Here's what to do so you're not bothered by this
     - Sites to Review:      &      - Site  Reviewed!
Do you have a special software program you find helpful, or even absolutely necessary? A neat tip that makes your online life a little easier? Share it and help other members save time, frustration, and a few steps in the learning curve. Submit your ideas, tips and information to MyInput at AEOpublishing.com I received notice of a new virus last week, and didn't pay much attention until I started receiving copies. Just thought others might like a heads up or more information about this.
It's called the SirCam virus, and when it spreads, it sends an apparently random file from the harddrives of infected computers along with it. ANY file on your machine could be copied and sent to hundreds of other users. In some
cases that could be simply embarassing. In others, depending
on the contents of the file, it could be quite costly.
The files I've gotten have ranged from 200k to slightly over 300k.
For more info check out:  at mm.html
and For a fix, visit   for a trial download that will clean it out.
JT Timmer
Submit your questions & answers to MyInput at AEOpublishing.com
