
@_date: 2001-07-27 17:59:54
@_author: Your Membership Newsletter 
@_subject: Your Membership Community & Commentary, 07-27-01 
Your Membership Community & Commentary (July 27, 2001)
It's All About Making Money
Information to provide you with the absolute best low and no cost ways of providing traffic to your site, helping you to capitalize on the power and potential the web brings to every Net-Preneur. --- This Issue Contains Sites Who Will Trade Links With You! --- IN THIS ISSUE
5 Ways to Create a Unique Website
Member Showcase
Commentary Quick Tips
Win A FREE Ad In Community & Commentary
    Today's Special Announcement:
Absolute Gifts Etc. Offers thousand of high quality gifts & unique collectibles. At wholesales prices, Some items are "Exclusive" and were designed for our collection only. Lots of freebees! Plus bonus bucks will save you even more. Business opportunities,Total weight loss system & much more!
 You are a member in at least one of these programs - You should be in them all!              5 Ways to Create a Unique Website
Internet users have no doubt seen several websites of identical
design. This is often because webmasters do not have the
ability or time to design and create unique websites. These
five points will help you come up with a one-of-a-kind design
for your website.
1. Navigation System
Deciding on a navigation system should be one of the first
things to consider when designing your website. Visitors
usually look for a way to get to the information they want
before reading anything else. I would suggest putting your
navigation system in two areas. Look at WebmasterBase ( for example. There is a list of categories on the left, and information about the network on the top bar.
It is not recommended that you place your navigation at the
bottom of the page because:
- People see the top of the page first
- If you have a lot of content on one page, the navigation gets
   pushed to bottom of the page... away from the visitor.
2. Color Scheme
When you are choosing colors, make sure they contrast. For
example, do not use bright green and florescent pink. Some
colors that are often used are white on black or black on
A wonderful utility that is web-based and free is Color Schemer
( created by Aaron
Epstein. Many other programs exist that can assist you in
choosing colors. Try doing a search on FreewareFiles ( Tucows (
or Download.com ( for "color schemer."
3. Content Window
This is the brain of the website. Make sure that the text here
is easy to read and understand.
Also, provide your own original content. People do not want to
hear what somebody else has to say. They want to hear what you want to say! While it might be time consuming to write
your own content, it sure is worth it.
To find content for your website, try searching at
EzineArticles ( Other people may
have used the articles, but if you become good friends with the
authors, they may send you new content as they write it. Be
careful though. Do not use too much content from other authors, as mentioned above.
4. Font(s)
Several types of fonts exist. The first one I will discuss is
fixed width or monospace, similar to Courier or Courier New.
Fixed width fonts are good for displaying code (like HTML.)
Another type of font is called sans serif. It is similar to
Arial (Windows) or Helvetica (Macintosh). This font can be used for long pieces of text.
The final type of font is called serif because it has serifs,
or curves, in each letter. Often, this font is called Times
(Windows) or Georgia (Macintosh). This font, like sans serif,
is often used for long blocks of text. It is preferred because
its rounded edges lead the reader to the next letter, making it
easier to read.
5. Advertising
Ah, everybody's favorite... advertising! This is one of thing that almost every website has. The most common type is what is known as "banner" advertising. It is called that because it is long and thin (like a paper banner.) How long you ask? The generic kind is 468 pixels wide by 60 pixels high.
New sizes however are being used. Take for example the new
style called "skyscraper" -- so called for a reason: it looks
like a skyscraper. It is tall (about 425 pixels) but not too
wide (about 100-125 pixels.)
Finding a way to place advertising can be tricky. Banners used to be placed (and still are) only at the top of the page.
Nevertheless, banners are starting to be placed in the middle
of the page, at the bottom, or along the side.
    Conclusion
These are only five things to consider when designing a
website. There are many others however. Let me know what you find that helps you create a unique website. My email address is mailto:corbb at justforwebmasters.com.
Life Without Debt! What would you do with 5,000 10,000 20,000 100,000? A "Dream Team" of heavy hitters are gathering to promote Life Without Debt. Get in NOW to receive Massive spillover in the 2x matrix.
