
@_date: 2001-07-13 22:10:29
@_author: Your Membership Newsletter 
@_subject: Your Membership Community & Commentary, 07-13-01 
Your Membership Community & Commentary (July 13, 2001)
It's All About Making Money
Information to provide you with the absolute best low and no cost ways of providing traffic to your site, helping you to capitalize on the power and potential the web brings to every Net-Preneur. --- This Issue Contains Sites Who Will Trade Links With You! --- IN THIS ISSUE
Whatever Happened To Keep It Simple?
Member Showcase
Don't Just Get Sales; Get Affiliates in the 2nd Tier!"
Win A FREE Ad In Community & Commentary
    Today's Special Announcement:
THE SECRET'S OUT!
Million Dollar Earners & Leaders Worldwide Are Aligning Themselves With This Company. Why? Because of a product needed by the masses. A product ANYONE can market worldwide. A product that will create incomes never before seen. Official Pre-launch 7-01.. Check for details NOW!
 You are a member in at least one of these programs - You should be in them all!              Whatever Happened To Keep It Simple?
I don't know, maybe it's just me, but it seems the KISS formula has been tossed out the window. I visit various sites that are supposed to be selling a product or service and get various messages such as: version of IE or Netscape and we'd like to ask you to upgrade your browser at this time. Explorer. flash media software. our site. Well I have to admit I'm out of there when it comes to any of these sites. If I'm looking for a product or service and you want my money, don't ask me to jump through hoops to hand it to you. I'm not visiting your site so I can spend the rest of the night adding plug ins, upgrading browsers and being told I'm not welcome unless I do a "dog and pony" show for you. Maybe I'm wrong, but web surfers have a limited attention span when it comes to making a buying decision and I really don't think they're coming to be impressed by your site. They're stopping by to see if you have what they want, need or desire. I'm sure many of these sites are making nice sales, but how many more are they losing? There are sites with a sales letter and maybe one or two graphics making sales around the clock. You stop by, see what they have to offer, and either you buy or you don't. They're saying, "Hey come as you are, you're always welcome." I know that there are a lot of goodies out there to impress visitors with, but I'd rather feel comfortable and welcome. If you expect me to spend my money make it easy. I'm not looking to spend the rest of the night making upgrades and changing browsers etc. so I can hand you my money. I may be old fashioned, but if you want my money, make me feel comfortable. I don't need to be told I have to change to hand you my money. I'm actually glad there are so many sites I can't view, it saves me money. Copyright (c) 2001 John Colanzi. This email has been sent to cypherpunks at cyberpass.net at your request, by Your Membership Newsletter Services.
Visit our Subscription Center to edit your interests or unsubscribe.
 at cyberpass.net
View our privacy policy: Powered by Constant Contact(R)
