
@_date: 2001-07-26 21:01:10
@_author: Your Membership Newsletter 
@_subject: Your Membership Exchange, #437 
Your Membership Exchange, Issue  (July 26, 2001)
         Your Membership Daily Exchange
Your place to exchange ideas, ask questions,
swap links, and share your skills!
Removal/Unsubscribe instructions are included at the bottom
for members who do not wish to receive additional issues of
this publication.
You are a member in at least one of these programs
- You should be in them all!
Today's Special Announcement:
Here's a REALLY STUPID Internet Marketing question: If You Could Turn $1 Into $2 - $10, Would You? Over and over again? - My Strategy Works Month After Month. No Chance Or Luck Needed. - I've Used It To Make $1,200,000+ In Online Sales. Hugely scalable. Free report, CLICK HERE:     QUESTIONS:
    - My computer is asking for a .vxd file?
   ANSWERS:
     - Can images be coded so they cannot be downloaded?
           L. Seider: Simple java script will eliminate the right click function
     - Sites to Review:   &      - Three new sites to review!
     - Site  Reviewed!
Hello All Subscribers,
First, I want to thank you for your participation and the great input I'm receiving in answers to questions, on the Member Reviews, and tips and information. I'm impressed with the knowledge out there and the willingness to help out your fellow subscribers.
Second, I also wanted to let you know, we are growing so fast that we have already outgrown our current list hosting system.  Because of this, you may have experienced problems with editing your information or unsubscribing, or a delay in receiving our publications.
So, over the weekend we will be moving. This new system will allow for easier subscribing, editing of your information, and unsubscribing. Also, we will have changes to the layout, including sending the Your Membership Exchange in text format to cut down on the size.
Your Membership Community & Commentary will still be delivered in html format (if you can receive it this way) on Fridays.
If you have any questions, please feel free to contact me at mailto:Moderator at AEOpublishing.com Thank you for your patience through these changes!
Amy Mossel
Submit your questions & answers to MyInput at AEOpublishing.com
