
@_date: 2002-07-13 03:39:30
@_author: Special Deals 
@_subject: Teach your dog how to talk! 
Want to teach your dog some new tricks??
At DogEinstein.com, you'll learn how to teach your dog to heel, sit, stay,
lie  down, come, stand for presentation, back up, and even go to the
bathroom on command, OFF LEASH! Our professional training tips and methods
will have your pet performing these and other amazing tricks in less than
a week!!
Best of all, it won't take hours out of your schedule! Your dog's training
sessions will last for only 15 minutes a day and each lesson is already
mapped out for you! We'll tell you everything from the right kind of
collar to the best reward methods for your precious pooch! You'll learn
both vocal and hand signals too!
Not only will your dog learn impressive tricks, but you can teach your new
puppy or even an adopted older dog basic obedience and potty training!
At Dog Einstein, we know that every dog has a different personality and
that certain breeds learn more quickly than others. We'll show you how to
adjust for this and keep from becoming frustrated with your pet's
We've taken everything into account to make your training experience a
stress-free and enjoyable one...for both you and your dog!
Pay the one-time fee of $19.95 and you'll gain access to all of our best
secrets! This fee entitles you to a lifetime membership to
DogEinstein.com, so you can always stay up-to-date on the newest tricks
and methods in the dog training world. Most importantly, if you aren't completely satisfied, we'll give you your
money back!!! Whether you want him to perform on stage or just on your
lawn in front of some friends, we'll help you turn your pet into a
DogEinstein today!!!
Click Here now! - You have signed up with one of our network partners to receive email
providing you with special offers that may appeal to you. If you do not
wish to receive these offers in the future, reply to this email with
"unsubscribe" in the subject or simply click on the following link:
