
@_date: 2005-02-16 19:41:39
@_author: Justin 
@_subject: What is a cypherpunk? 
References: <20050215214034.GA22191
  <20050216181816.80869.qmail
As I said, I think this is wrong.  Mammals other than primates recognize
property in a sense, but it depends entirely on social status.  There is
no recognition of property rights independent of social position.  If a
lion loses a fight, he loses all his property.
Chimp and gorilla communities have the beginnings of monarchy.  Yet they
don't care about religion, and their conception of property rights still
derives from their position in the social ladder.  If not primates, do
any animals besides humans recognize property rights independent of
social position?
I think it's fair to say that religion post-dates government, at least
informal government.  Maybe the first monarchs/oligarchs came up with
religious schemes to keep the peons in line, but I would think that was
incidental, as was the notion of property rights.  Both property rights
and religion depend heavily on the ability for communication, but
monarchy can be established without it.  All the monarch needs is a big
stick and an instinctual understanding of some of the principles much
later described by our good Italian friend Niccolo M.
I think it's fair to say that religion may be more important than
property rights for keeping people in line.  But I think they're both
Okay.  So it's fair to say, then, that we have compromises between
property rights protections and other (perceived yet imaginary?)
property rights protections.  Which is really what it boils down to.
There's no property rights usurpation without some motive behind it.
And motives generally stem from wanting to redistribute property or deny
it to another individual, group, or an entire nation.  Sometimes that
property is land (the excuse for such property redistribution or denial
of ownership is called "self determination"), sometimes it is
intellectual property (the excuse is "information wants to be free")...
sometimes it's explosives (they're TOO DANGEROUS, and only terrorists
have them... are you a terrorist?).
