
@_date: 2005-03-27 08:58:05
@_author: Justin 
@_subject: AP For Starvation Judge 
References: <20050327060047.GA25662
  <200503270635.j2R6ZNAF017280
I like to think that "care" is doing what the patient wants.  If the
patient is uncommunicative (following a balloon with her eyes .5 times
out of 1000 doesn't qualify as "communication" imho), the legal
decision-maker can end any treatment.
Okay; I accept that.  We can assault ourselves, but we cannot waiver in
advance another's legal culpability if they assault us.
She is not functioning, however.  Her rights and the rights of her legal
representative are the same.  Anything that she could have requested in
a living will can be requested by her legal representative, her husband.
That depends on her condition.  If she is merely a brainstem attached to
a beating heart and a bunch of tissue, there are clear reasons for
ending this spectacle.
Utilitarian: she's using medical resources that could help people who
have a chance at recovery.
Utilitarian: the spectacle is diverting time and attention of citizens
who should be focusing on increasing their personal wealth, and by
extension the GDP.  Out of sight, out of mind.  Once she's dead, people
will quickly become less distracted as the media can only run stories in
her wake for so long.
Ethical: She wouldn't want to live like this (the court's accepted this,
but it's still disputed).
Ethical: We don't want to see her live like this (which morphs into "she
wouldn't want US to suffer like this").  I don't think this one's
disputed, though Michael may take that view for financial reasons.
Can she recover to sentience, or is she merely a braindead automaton
capable of swallowing?
So I don't get to define my own notion of "human dignity"?
Three arbitrary thresholds.  Two subjective: "horrible" suffering and
"all their marbles"; one of them objective: "6 months".
Explain why your criteria matter and how the subjective ones are to be
applied, and I might care.
What, you've never changed your mind about anything?  She's been
effectively braindead for over a decade.  This could be a case of
"moving on" emotionally.
Terri's parents supported the adultery, based on news reports I've seen.
I'm not saying it's morally right for him to cheat on her, but I take a
very dim view of any State involvement in marriage.  As far as I'm
concerned, the marriage granted him the right to represent Terri in a
situation like this, just as if they executed a medical power of
attorney and never got married.  I consider the marriage contract fully
severable.  His "cheating" on her doesn't materially affect any
contractual aspect of the marriage, so unless she's around to get
divorced, he can still legally represent her.
