
@_date: 2001-12-06 11:40:40
@_author: Lisa Lindberg, Amazon.com Associates Program 
@_subject: ADV: Amazon.com can help you get more from your Web site! 
Greetings from Amazon.com! My name is Lisa Lindberg, and I'm from the Amazon.com Associates Program. The purpose of my letter is to promote the Amazon.com Associates Program to Web sites featuring books, music, and videos. If your site does just that, please read on as I'd like to discuss with you the benefits of joining our program. How can you benefit from the Associates Program? o Earn 5-15% of each sale every time you send us a customer from your site. o Easily link any of your site's content to a huge, complementary selection of products at Amazon.com. o Give your site visitors an instant purchase option they can trust.
What do you have to do to become a successful Associate? o Register your site with the program today by clicking the link below--it's FREE and only takes 5 minutes!
o Build links from your homepage to Amazon.com. Or, link your content to any product on our site including specialized titles like Applied Cryptography : Protocols, Algorithms, and Source Code in C that may appeal to your unique site visitors. o Use our easy reporting tools to check your earnings at any time.
Why should you join our Associates Program? o We have over 30 million customers. Visitors to your site are already customers of Amazon.com. When you join our program, we pay you when your visitors shop with us. o We have a strong, internationally recognized brand name. o We even feature state-of-the-art dynamic links--the Amazon.com Recommends(TM) Service. These powerful links change over time, automatically populating your Web site with fresh, new material--thus saving you extra work.
Click below to learn more about becoming an Amazon.com Associate. We'd love to have you join us!
Lisa Lindberg
Amazon.com Associates
You received this message because I think your site would make a great addition to our Associates program. I hope that this opportunity holds value for you. However, if you wish not to receive this type of mail from Amazon.com in the future, please reply to this mail with the word remove as the subject line.
