
@_date: 1997-12-07 00:45:51
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Another of Gary Burnore's Lies Exposed 
"Posting ONLY anonymously"?  Wherever did you get that idea?  If you really
believe that this "anonymous asshole" is "posting only anonymously", then
your previous accusations that someone else on this NG (who posts NON-anonymously) was this person were a LIE, weren't they?  So which of your
two contradictory statements is the lie?  Or are they BOTH lies?  They can't
both be true.
You just did.  When you have to single out alleged "assholes" as being black, gay, Jewish, anonymous, Italian, or whatever, you reveal your own prejudices against that group.  For example, you never hear a white person say, "That white bastard just cut me off" while driving, do you?  Such language is usually reserved for groups you HATE.  For all your recent backpedalling and sucking up, your stance on privacy, anonymity, remailers, etc. remains quite clear.
"Could have" equals "proof" in DataBasix-speak?  (You did just move to the
part of the country where burning alleged "witches" was once a popular
pasttime, didn't you?)  Remember that you're the person CLAIMING that this alleged abuse even occurred, so the burden of proof is on you.
If everyone bought into that attempt at "logic" (assuming your conclusion as
part of your argument),  we'd have no need for jails, would we?   It could become the universal response to "where were you on the night of XX/XX/XX?"
Bovine excrement.  Concealing one's name and e-mail address is no different
conceptually from concealing one's home address or phone number.  So if you
truly have nothing to hide, please feel free to post that information, or else
shut up about having nothing to hide.  If you have nothing to hide, why are
you so afraid of people reading your posts via from DejaNews that you cloak each one with that No-Archive header?  I remember when you once criticized a
fellow poster for "hiding behind" it, and now you're doing the same thing you
criticized him for!
"Obvious to me" does not constitute proof.  I posted Jeff's account of
YOUR anti-remailer activities.  He mentioned you and Belinda Bryan BY NAME.
When you have similar evidence against someone else, naming names, please post it.  You have yet to demonstrate that this mythical monster you're expecting others to believe exists is anything other than your own self-serving creation.
It reminds me of what one philosopher said about the devil -- "if he didn't
exist, we'd have to create one".
Huh?  The "evidence" was posted by YOU and the analysis came from Sam.  I
wasn't even in that loop.  Nice try.
