
@_date: 1998-10-23 09:09:41
@_author: Kevin Elliott 
@_subject: IP: Fwd: Evaluation of Vehicle Stopping Prototype ("KillSwitch") 
agree in principle.
To clarify I presented this as the current likely punishment.
Manslaughter is a legal crime, it does not NECESSARILY mean that one has to
kill a man to be guilty.  This is exactly the same reason that women
cannot, by the meaning of the word, be guilty of rape.  To rape is to
sexually penetrate by use of force.  Women don't have the plumbing.  (see
seperate thread)
So what would you recommend?  Their has to be a substansial punishment for
shooting the dog, otherwise their no reason suspects should not habitually
shoot police dogs if it would increase their chance of escape.  For
comparison purposes does anyone know what the punishment would be for
blowing up a police car?
How was the human treated as an animal?  I think a strong argument can be
made that the dog is serving in the same role (or similar) that a human
would otherwise be in and that is the reason for the harsh punishment.  Not
because you shot a dog but because you shot a "police officer".
Anyone know a place you can get good dog in the US?  In general E.  See comments below.
I think part of this comes back to a sticky issue in the libertarian view-
at what level are people allowed to tell other people they cannot do
certain things in certain places. The federal government should not be
making laws about peoples eating habits.  Neither should the state.
However-  the small community feels that dog eating, cock fighting, etc.
are not things they want to live around.  Do they have the right to say we
don't want those things going on around us?  I think the way the
constitution was originally written made it quite clear that they did.  It
is interesting to note that without the 14th amendment (not added until
after the civil war) their is no prohibition of the state of New Hampshire
declaring that only Catholics can live inside its borders.  If you don't
like it move.  I'm not saying this is what I want to happen but I believe
it is an issue that has not been adequately addressed.  Remember before you
write this idea off who is going to enforce the law saying don't make rules
saying people can't do these things?
My basic view is that regardless of ones personal views about such issues
the government is the wrong medium to enforce them.  If you think eating
meat is wrong convince people to quit eating meat!
"DOS/WIN based computers manufactured by companies such as IBM, Compaq,
Tandy, and millions of others, are by far the most popular, with about 70
million machines in use worldwide. Macintosh fans, on the other hand, note
that cockroaches are far more numerous than humans, and that numbers alone
do not denote a higher life form." - New York Times
-Kevin "The Cubbie" Elliott
