
@_date: 1998-09-22 07:04:15
@_author: Marita Näsman-Repo 
@_subject: MEDIA RELEASE! Washington DC office opened 
The following press release for your information. Marita Nasman-Repo
Data Fellows Opens Regional Sales Office in Washington, D.C.
developer of data security solutions, announces the opening of a regional
sales office in Washington, D.C.  The new office is located to better serve
Data Fellowsï¿½ current and future clients in the federal government and in
the Eastern portion of the United States.
base includes the Federal Reserve Bank, the Internal Revenue Service, the
Department of Defense, NASA, and other government agencies.  The new office
is the first of several planned regional offices designed to further
enhance the companyï¿½s relations with its North American customer base.
director for the new Washington office.  Mr Arcade has been involved in
Washington-area technology for the past 15 years and has held executive
positions with companies including Unisys, British Telecom, Sun
Microsystems, Cabletron and Litton.  Mr. Arcade has a Bachelors degree from
Youngstown State University and a Masters degree from Catholic University.
Fellows is the leading technology provider of data security solutions for
computer networks and desktop computers.  The company's F-Secure data
security product line includes F-Secure Workstation Suite, consisting of
malicious code detection and removal, unobtrusive file and network
encryption, and personal firewall functionality, all integrated into a
policy-based management architecture; F-Secure Anti-Virus, with multiple
scanning engines (including F-PROT and AVP), is the most comprehensive,
real-time virus scanning and protection system for all Windows platforms;
F-Secure VPN+ provides a software-based, IPSEC-compliant Virtual Private
Network solution for large corporate networks as well as remote and small
office networks;  F-Secure FileCrypto is the first and only product to
integrate strong real-time encryption directly into the Windows file
system; Fï¿½Secure SSH provides secure remote login, terminal, and other
connections over unsecured networks. It is the most widely used secure
remote administration tool; and F-Secure NameSurfer is the solution for
remote Internet and Intranet DNS administration.  Its easy-to-use WWW user
interface automates and simplifies DNS administration. The company's
products are relied on by many of the world's largest companies,
governments, universities and institutions. The products are available
worldwide in more than 100 countries through Data Fellows and its business
partners, and the company has experienced 100% annual growth during each of
the past three years.
floor, San Jose, CA 95112; tel 408-938-6700; fax 408-938-6701;    or  info at DataFellows.com.
Marita.Nasman-Repo at DataFellows.com, World-Wide Web
