
@_date: 1997-10-14 06:03:20
@_author: nospam-seesignature at ceddec.com 
@_subject: Attitude and Assumptions 
I would hate to see your *long* rants ...................:^)
I express it as private information is my property and I should have
whatever means necessary to protect it.  And as crypto can be directly
used only as a shield and not a sword, there are no reasonable arguments
against me using it.
This is really unexplored.  I would extend rights in the physical world
into cyberspace.  And you are right [in an elided section] that
corporations or businesses aren't thought of.  Most of the arguments
against intellectual property is toward releasing it where it is free, but
there is an equal or greater threat of charging for the information
without paying royalties.  There are vandals, but there are also thieves.
No, but I don't know if your solutions are real.  Does PGP 5.5 prevent
encrypting non-CAK, then reencrypting CAK to pass through the mailers?
GAK/CAK has lots of technical problems, and I don't know that you have
solved them.  You assume that someone like the boss in the Dilbert cartoon
is going to make this all work (or will they write the corporate
passphrase on their deskpad)?
I tend to be neutral to CAK, except that I can't think of an easy way to
create something that is not snake-oil (i.e. that is easy, doesn't
compromise security if the CAKeepers are dunces, and insures that data
encrypted is accessible by the TTPs).
The windows versions I have seen don't allow me to select algorithms (they
default to CAST, so how do I get 3DES or IDEA), and neither did the Linux
version - the beta segfaulted on at least one combination of algorithms. Are all these little problems fixed?  And if so, you had to modify the
source, so is there a diff file you are going to publish much less a press
release saying what is or is not fixed (I see the part about
batch-friendly, but is that there yet, and how would I use that - you
could put your manuals online). I can't even buy a license for the scanned version which I can at least
fix these problems.  I would pay the $49 for the license to use a working
Linux version.  Maybe you should add a license issuing page to your server
so I can click and get an digitally signed HTML license (with a physical
one to be mailed later if needed). But for now my choice is to take a chance on the $49 downloadable version
(will it be another $49 for a half-fixed version, and another $49 when
the IETF finishes with the spec and 6.0 meets it?).  Does anything happen
differently if it has problems and I report them?
By the way, I can't even download it - your server requires switching to a
port our firewall doesn't let through (9999) which I emailed your
webmaster about three months ago.  There are other common alternate ports
that are allowed.  So I can't even really get the $49 version, I must pay
$79 (or spend an hour creating an IP tunnel to a recognized US DNS-IP
address which is what I did last time - I might do that for the freeware
version but not to purchase something). So I don't know if any of the problems in the freeware or betas are fixed,
and I can't even download it from your website.  Some hostility to the
"Inc." might be from your consumer relations more than your philosophy.
--- reply to tzeruch - at - ceddec - dot - com ---
