
@_date: 1997-05-22 22:07:29
@_author: Hartmut Korth 
@_subject: AW: Good book on stegano? 
Von: 	Chevreau Sylvain
Gesendet: 	Freitag, 16. Mai 1997 02:37
An: 	stegano-l
Betreff: 	RE: Good book on stegano?
Hi everybody, hi Deepa,
1) Maybe the tutorial/review is being written in some university or company, e.g. for the planed 2nd Int. Workshop on Information Hiding or other publications or internally. Who knows?
Because there have been several seperate publications and first compilations in various media in '96 and I haven't yet found any technical paper about steganography published in 1997. Has anybody?
My feeling is everybody is reviewing right now!
2) Actually there are already at least 2 BOOKS dedicated to steganography:
 - "Disappearing cryptography" by Peter Wayner (pcw at access.digex.net),
the review of which can be found in the CIPHER newsletter  (or was it 18?) & [How to get first contact with Cipher, "Newsletter of the IEEE Computer Society's TC on Security and Privacy" :
BACK ISSUES:
 There is an archive that includes each copy distributed so far, in ascii,
 in files you can download at URL
  There is also an anonymous FTP server that contains the same files.
 To access the archive via anonymous FTP:
 1. ftp  2. At prompt for ID, enter "anonymous"
 3. At prompt for password, enter your actual, full e-mail address
 4. Once you are logged in, change to the Cipher Directory:
    cd pub/cipher
 5. Now you can request any of the files containing Cipher issues in ascii.
    Issues are named in the form: EI  where N is the number of the
    issue desired and 9612 captures the year and month it appeared.
 - "Information Hiding", edited by Ross Anderson, Springer Verlag
Proceedings of the 1st International Workshop held in Cambridge, U.K., in May/June 96
Infos at URL  (see section 'Privacy and Freedom issues').
3) To answer your question anyway, I would advise you to take a look at this nice page I've discovered recently (NEW: it's 1 month old!) :
Thanks to Frank Hartung by the way.
Here you will find easily several links to past BIBLIOGRAPHIES for past and also have on overview of what's the hell is happening !!!
Good readings,
Sylvain Chevreau
ChevreauS at tce-rdf.fr for now, ChevreauS at thmulti.com from June on.
