
@_date: 1996-05-13 18:15:56
@_author: SpyKing 
@_subject: R U Bugged How To Debugging Video 
R-U Bugged? "How-To" De-Bugging Video
Are you a target of electronic surveillance? Do you suspect someone is
invading your privacy?
The first "Do-it-Yourself" De-Bugging video available to the general public... Over 100,000 bugs were planted in the US last year...Could you find one in
your home or office? This video will teach you how! Simple step-by-step instructions...Produced
by an expert with 25 years in the business... Guaranteed to help safeguard your privacy Demonstrations of sophisticated and inexpensive commercially available
bugging devices and how to find them... If you're serious about privacy, you can't afford to miss this video... Mention electronic eavesdropping, wiretaps or "bugging" and most people
think of the police or secret agents...Who, you might ask would want to bug
an office, a boardroom, a research lab or for that matter, someone's
bedroom? The answer: More people than you might ever imagine, according to
With the cost of eavesdropping electronics falling sharply each year, it has
become very easy for a jealous spouse, business competitor, or disgruntled
employee to eavesdrop on just about anyone. Experts estimate that last year,
over 100,000 bugs were planted in businesses alone! No one knows exactly how
many were planted by jealous lovers, spouses, or worse by stalkers, but it
should be at the very least an equal amount...Very few of these
eavesdropping targets ever knew they were being spied on.
Is there any way to know if one's home or business has been bugged? Yes. You
can bring in a professional "sweeper", TSCM Expert", "De-Bugger". With his
electronic equipment, he can find and deactivate those bugging devices. That
will cost you $500 to $1000. to start! The average home or business can cost
thousands of dollars...
But what if you've been bugged and you can't afford an expert? That's where
a brand new do-it yourself video comes into the picture. Titled "R-U-Bugged"
this video was produced for the non-technical person by an expert with over
25 years of international experience in electronic countermeasures. It fully
explains eavesdropping devices, how they work and how to find them... It
shows simple step by step "how to" basics that anyone can understand. If you think that bugging equipment is only found in the latest adventure of
007, you're mistaken...This video shows how common and inexpensive
equipment, readily available at almost any electronics store, can compromise
your privacy...
"R-U-Bugged" is available and in stock for $59.95 + $5.95 shipping &
handling. Foreign orders please add $14.95 S & H . Playing time: 90 minutes Send or Money Order to:
Codex Publishing
286 Spring Street
New York, NY 10013
Tel: 212-989-9898
Sorry, No C.O.D.'s or credit cards...
Check out our WEB SITE - The Codex Privacy Page
URL: Home of The Codex Surveillance & Privacy Newsletter
DataScan - Diagnostic TEMPEST Evaluation System
Technical Surveillance CounterMeasures  (TSCM)
Forensic Audio Restoration & Audio Tape Enhancement  -----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.7.1
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
