
@_date: 2004-08-27 21:49:51
@_author: Justin 
@_subject: Tilting at the Ballot Box 
References:   <6.0.1.1.0.20040825095222.05766930
  <20040827111246.GA4932
  <6.0.1.1.0.20040827073940.048b6658
What?  I just said that without the distraction of outright voting
fraud, voters may become more aware of the more subtle and more serious
issues with democratic voting systems.
As I understand it (I wasn't there, but perhaps you were), their
complaint was that their "representatives" weren't from the region they
claimed to represent, and that they weren't chosen democratically.  You
and I have no such claim.  I can't claim lack of representation just
because my fellow citizens are idiots who subscribe to the Libertarian
or Socialist or Zoroastrian platform yet vote for a Republican or
What you or I want has nothing to do with it.  I don't get to redefine
election procedure whenever my preferred candidate doesn't win an
I'm not voting for either Bush or Kerry.  Neither represents my views.
No matter who wins, the winner is my president and my representative.  I
can't claim otherwise.  The best I can do is blame all the idiot voters
who cling to party-ID as if it were their only hope of survival.
Well, one district in TX managed to elect someone who's decent - Ron
Paul.  It's possible.  The fact that libertarians or fascists everywhere
don't get their candidates elected has more to do with the fact that
they vote Republican or Democrat "because a vote for a third party is a
wasted vote."  Blame the morons in the electorate for not electing
representatives that mirror their views.  That's where the blame lies.
What do you want?  Do you want everyone to vote Democrat, Libertarian or
Republican, then apportion the House of Representatives and the Senate
appropriately?  Who picks the representatives?
The reason we don't have any socialists or libertarians or fascists in
Congress is that not a single district votes for one.  The U.S. has this
fixation on voting for one of the two major parties.  Other countries do
not; that's why some of them have multi-(3+)-party representation in
their parliaments.
Incidentally, some northeastern state allows each congressional district
to pick one elector, and the State as a whole picks two.  (Electors =
Senators + House Reps).  If you're complaining about presidential
elector selection, that blame lies with the States; the States dictate
how their electors are chosen.
State and Federal House of Reps.  are proportional.  (Yeah, I know
Nebraska is unicameral, excuse the generalization).  What part of the
System isn't proportional other than most States' selection of
presidential electors?
