
@_date: 2005-01-15 09:38:23
@_author: Justin 
@_subject: Police Worried About New Vest-Penetrating Gun 
References:   <6.0.3.0.0.20050114152232.00a247d0
There are various levels of body armor specified by the NIJ.  In order
of effectiveness (lower to higher): Levels IIa, II, IIIa, III, and IV.
Level IV typically takes the form of a trauma plate and is put into a
pouch in the front (and/or in the back) of soft body armor.  III and IV
are heavier, bulkier, and as a result aren't used as much.
The NIJ standards are based on stopping standard bullets up to certain
velocity limits (preventing them from going through the vest), _plus_
"backface deformation" limits.  They put the vests over geletin, and the
volume displaced by the vest when it absorbs the shot is measured and
must be less than a specified limit.  There is a lot of sentiment that
this testing method is crap, and all that should matter is whether the
bullet goes through the vest.  Or at least that backface deformation
should be less heavily emphasized.
Then there are other specifications outside of the NIJ scheme; for
instance, the there's "PAGST" and "CRISAT" body armor.  I don't recall
what they stand for.
A lot.  5.56mm pistols (based on the AR-15 and available from olympic
arms or bushmaster, among other manufacturers) are perfectly legal and
will shoot through IIIa vests.  The real jump up is between IIIa and
III; the former mainly stops handgun rounds, while the latter allegedly
stops standard .223 and .308 loads, but I'm not sure... before I looked
it up just now, I thought only level IV trauma plates stopped .308.
Cops typically wear level II or IIIa armor.
And even trauma plates will not stop repeated hits to the same area.  If
you expect to be shot at with a rifle, you do not want to be out in the
open where many hits are unavoidable.  Ceramic plates weaken through
chipping, and metal plates weaken through stress/deformation.
Of course.  Otherwise it would be a machine gun, and new machine guns
are not available to civilians... and haven't been since the 1986
Firearm Owners Protection Act.
The anti-gun forces try hard to associate the assault weapons ban expiry
with the availability of machineguns.  They are lying.
This gun, the Five-seveN, has been available for years.  What hasn't
been available for years, I don't think, is the "practice" non-AP
ammunition.  And, of course, some FFLs (gun dealers) are unwilling to
sell the Five-seveN to private citizens.
Other armor-piercing handguns include .223 pistols and the CZ 52; there
are also nasty rounds, though generally unavailable, for 9mm handguns
that will penetrate IIIa armor.  Ordinary rounds at +P+ pressures may
even do it.  The Five-seveN bullets have a muzzle velocity about half-way between
handgun bullet velocities and rifle bullet velocities.  Given the round
diameter (5.7mm) and the short barrel (compared to rifles) of the
Five-seveN, it's essentially a rifle round.  5.56mm pistols fire rounds
with nearly the same diameter, though they weigh more (5.7mm bullets are
~30gr, standard 5.56mm is 55 or 62gr) and therefore require more powder
to achieve the same velocities.  Hence the longer cartridges for 5.56mm
(I use .223 and 5.56 interchangably; they're technically not the same
thing but close enough for government work).
Most .223 pistols are based on the AR-15, so their magazines attach
outside of the pistol grip and make them look scarier.  That also makes
them slightly less concealable, which is why they're not being attacked
by the anti-gun forces.  Perhaps the anti-gunners don't think they're
Uzis, MP5s, short-barrelled rifles.  They'll have top of the line
handguns; If I were a criminal, I'd carry what I'd carry anyway, a
Walther p99 compact plus several full p99 mags (they work in the p99
compact, something that cannot be said for H&K P2000 mags and the P2000
Don't be fooled by the association with James Bond.  The factory p99 is
an excellent gun (if you don't mind polymer).  The PPK is another story.
I don't know what criminals think is practical.  Very few criminals make
killing police officers their primary objective, for obvious reasons.
The fact that they get into a shooting at all implies that they have
planned, at some level, to kill police if they need to.  The statistics
speak for themselves.  It's rare to see rifles involved unless the
criminal is at home, in a car, or actively committing a crime (and even
in the last case, they're less common than in homes and cars).
middle of the page, "Law Enforcement Officers Killed and Assaulted"
According to the 2003 pdf, in 2003, 34 officers were killed with a
handgun, 10 killed with a rifle (out of 52 murders).  34 of the 52 were
wearing body armor.
On page 35 of the pdf (document p. 27), handguns were the murder weapon
in 56 ambush situations, compared with only 28 where rifles were the
murder weapon.
They are not bullet-proof.  That's a term the anti-gun forces like
because it implies that any gun/ammo combination that will defeat the
vests are somehow magical or evil.  And yes, the majority of officers,
particularly city police, wear soft body armor.  Typically it is NIJ
level 3a or level 2, so it will not stop high-pressure or
maliciously-shaped standard-caliber handgun rounds, nor 5.7mm
(Five-seveN), nor 7.62x25mm Tokarev (CZ 52).  The CZ 52 can be found in
very good condition for $100-125.  I recall advice from somewhere that
the CZ 52 firing pin should be replaced with a titanium one on account
of reliability and safety concerns.
It's a problem for any cop wearing common body armor.  Most beat cops
and detectives wear it.  I don't know about SWAT teams -- of course they
wear some sort of armor, but I'd guess level 3 and possibly trauma
plates as well.  I don't know how the Five-seveN training rounds do
against level 3, but I'd guess they are stopped.
Of course it's not a practical concern.  Criminals already have access
to handguns that will defeat common soft body armor.  This media panic
was instigated by a press release from the Violence Policy Center, which
has evidently (for now) given up trying to pass a new assault weapon
ban, and is instead finding new legislative targets.
