
@_date: 2004-08-27 11:12:46
@_author: Justin 
@_subject: Tilting at the Ballot Box 
References:   <6.0.1.1.0.20040825095222.05766930
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA1
Is this solvable?  Chaum is solving a problem that evidently can be
solved.  Perhaps once those problems are solved it will be easier to
direct public attention at other more fundamental problems with our
representative democracy.
You have a strange notion of what the Colonists meant by that phrase.
You do have representation.  The fact that your representatives are not
the ones you wanted is irrelevant.
Presidential elections are a mess, though.  Most states' selection of
electors for presidential selection may violate the intent of the
Constitution's writers; the electors for most states were originally
selected by legislators.
The winning-party-take-all system in most states does seem to violate
the intent of election mechanics.  Notably, there is a difference
between having 3 electors and having 1 elector with 3/538 of a say in
president selection.  The current system may be too much like the
IMO, your complaint about gerrymandering is valid.  There are a variety
of formulaic ways to ensure voting district compactness.  See e.g.
Nevertheless, there is a fundamental inconsistency between two
requirements that everyone seems to want:
1) coherent voting districts
2) equal-population voting districts.
No matter what criteria are used for creating equal-population voting
districts, there are always going to be multiple ways to choose them, so
someone will always complain.
It's the same sort of thing as voting procedure itself; there are
multiple ways to conduct a democratic election.  The fact that most of
the population is unaware of the alternatives (in the case that no
option gets a majority: 1st/2nd/3rd choices, run-offs, no run-offs,
etc.) doesn't mean they're any less serious.  Perfectly democratic
elections run by different rules have different results.  It's amazing
anyone even bothers to complain about the y2k election when there are
issues like this lurking under the bridge.
Clearly, no matter what you do, there are problems.  If the district
size is 1 million, there's a city of 499k and a city of 1501k, what
then?  The city of 499k is screwed unless there's a nearby population
center with similar culture.  Even then, the numbers won't be equitable,
and someone, somewhere will whine about "lack of representation."
