
@_date: 1993-02-23 06:08:33
@_author: Duncan Frissell 
@_subject: Advertising on the net 
Nothing like jumping into the middle with one's first posting...
Denizens of the nets have to realize that there are some extreme social
deviates out here who go beyond sodomy, go beyond working for the FDA,
go beyond rape as an instrumentality of war, go beyond voting and actually believe that adverting is an ennobling human activity.
Think about it.  Poor Michael in the last few episodes of "Thirtysomething"
suffering existential angst because he was great at advertising but considered it an unworthy occupation for a man.  If he'd only known that
advertising=mass markets=low prices=wealth beyond the dreams of ancient Lack of advertising=Moscow before 1990.
If we have to accept your deviations (voting for the short fascist with the
bad haircut and the funny ears par example) you have to accept ours.  We
can live with each other without too much trouble.
Duncan Frissell
*                                                                          *
*                                                                          *
*                           YOUR AD HERE                                   *
*                                                                          *
*                                                                          *
PS - If you post a message about the existence and availability of PGP, you
are *ADVERTISING*.  Naughty, naughty, naughty.

@_date: 1993-02-24 07:24:55
@_author: Duncan/Lois Frissell 
@_subject: Poor Man's Anonymous Remailer 
To compensate the List for consuming bandwidth with my "political" posting
on advertising yesterday, I thought I'd offer some ideas on easy anonymous
posting -- no remailers required.
Isn't an account that can't be traced to you anonymous?  How about an (email
only) account for $3/month billed to you (no credit cards required).
AT&T Mail (desperate for customers) charges $3/month per Email box with no
setup fee.  They do charge a minimum of 70 cents per message sent (50 cents
if you use their pricy communications software) but they charge nothing
to receive mail and give you an Internet address that looks like
dfrissell at attmail.com.
If you open a mail receiving service box in a nome de guerre (which is not
hard to do in spite of what you might have heard), call AT&T Mail at (800)
624-5672 and sign up.  After you receive your signon info, you can drop the
box at the mail receiving service and just pay your future bills without
a printed bill.  They'll be happy to tell you what your balance is.  You can logon to AT&T Mail anytime at (800) 624-5123.  Use a payphone if you are really careful and enjoy anonymous posting without outside help and without having to worry about flaky remailers.
Duncan Frissell

@_date: 1993-02-24 12:25:12
@_author: Duncan/Lois Frissell 
@_subject: Dining Crypto -- An Introduction 
(Timothy May)
Thanks for your repost of your message from the "Dawn of Time" (August 1992).  Your list of "What DC Nets are Good For" was not specific enough
for my taste.  What DC Nets (untraceable communications) are good for:
1)  Once voice/video/VR makes it to the nets and once we have enough bandwidth/speed even realtime communications can be untraceable:
It's December 2000 and President Elect Clinton (Hilary) calls me for advice.
The call goes to my "Virtual Communications Server" located "Somewhere on the
Nets".  The packets are forwarded to me after being split up and sent their
various ways through anonymous remailers.  My half of the conversation travels
back the same way.  The packets pay the anonymous remailers for their
services with digital cash attached to their address headers.  We notice no time lag because the nets are fast and the packets carry a "realtime"
With the proper setup, the President of the US will be talking to me without
knowing (or being able to find out) where (or who) I am.
2)  This means markets freed from even the theoretical possibility of regulation.
Anything that can be digitized can be sold with no restraints save the absence
of a willing buyer.  Books, movies, VR epics, financial products, and all
non-physical services can be traded without coercion (and without taxation).
Remember too that "non-physical services" includes almost all management and
professional services.  The technique of "anonymous credentials" can be
used to check out those you deal with.
3)  The lack of regulation in the "spiritual realm" will distort market
transactions in the still controlled "physical realm."  People will tend
to "unbundle" the non-physical aspects of their services and sell them on
the nets even if it is less convenient to do so because of the *tax* savings.
4)  The reduction is government "revenue" as economic activity transfers
to the nets will induce a beneficial downward spiral in the authority and
power of government.
5)  People who become used to freedom in one part of their lives (their
work and play on the nets) will not enjoy the coercion they suffer in the
remainder of their lives (the place they sleep).  They will have the motivation and the tools to liberate their whole lives.  All without
the Libertarian Party converting a single person.  Freedom is a powerful
Duncan Frissell
