
@_date: 1993-03-02 06:33:38
@_author: Tiia Roth-Biester 
@_subject: Dining Crypto -- An Introduction 
(Jim McCoy)
So in other words the earnings of the international banks located "offshore"
and lending $trillions in the "Eurodollar" (now world financial) markets
have been taxed for the last 30 years?  Their balance sheets don't reflect
these taxes.
The new technology will let everyone "expatriate" themselves either actually or virtually.  If, today, I am traveling in the South of France
and writing the Great American Novel, I have no French tax liability and
am not violating work permit laws even though I am working and may be
earning $millions.  (If I am or have been an American within the previous
10 years I would have US tax liability of course.)  On the nets I can do
a host of jobs while wandering around the world.  In most countries I would
have no income tax liability.  Taxing me (or net entities created by me)
would be even more difficult in a practical sense.
Digital cash will be able to buy lots of goodies (entertainment, communication, non-physical services, and physical services once the VR interface improves sufficiently).  Dumped into an account that is otherwise unconnected to you it can be accessed via smart cards, debit cards, and ATMs from anywhere in the world.  It is still not that difficult to obtain a bank account somewhere in the world in a nome de Actually the poor evade more taxes (as a portion of income) than the rich these days.  The appetite of the beast has not stopped the forex markets from tripling in size since 1986 (quite a bit untaxed).  Legally, services
sold "internationally" are not subject to tax and there is no entity
capable of levying such a tax.  The nets exist in an "international" realm.
As time goes on the percentage of gross world product that is non physical
is bound to grow (the non-physical bits have been growing steadily for
years).  Once future Madonnas determine that they can double their take home pay by renouncing their American citizenship (either actually or virtually) and selling their voices and images via the nets things will change.  If the coercive sector has to increase the taxes again and again on an ever smaller portion of gross world product, it will starve to death.
If your VR interface is good enough most services can be delivered non
physically.  Nonphysical services include:  writing (anything), entertainment, law, much of medicine, all of management, telecoms, advertising and marketing, all of financial services.  Once automation develops much of manufacturing will be non physical as you purchase "custom" goods made on the spot from downloaded patterns.
Authority can be a delicate thing.  On November 9th 1989 you would have been shot crossing the Berlin Wall without permission on November 11th 1989 you could cross at will.  Many of your supposed restraints only apply to US citizens in any case.  British citizens living "overseas" have no UK tax liability and this is true of the citizens of most countries.  Everyone is "overseas" on the nets.  Even though US expatriates have continuing liabilities, 60% of them are tax nonfilers according to an IRS study of tax compliance.  Shattering geographical bounds shatters legal ones as well even in this day and age.
Duncan  Frissell

@_date: 1993-03-02 08:08:35
@_author: Tiia Roth-Biester 
@_subject: more ideas on anonymity 
(George A. Gleason)
Don't forget that this also includes government.  I for one would favor
banning the advocacy of government from the nets.  Serve them right .  Interesting that most people support murder, robbery, and slavery when practiced in the name of the State but might shirk from supporting rape in the service of the State.  Sounds inconsistent to me.
Duncan Frissell

@_date: 1993-03-02 17:03:56
@_author: Tiia Roth-Biester 
@_subject: more ideas on anonymity 
Lexus research elided...
At Common Law, you could call youself anything you wanted as long as
there was no intent to defraud.  Generally you can still do this today.
Matthew-In the case you dug up what sort of identity documents were
used?  Obviously, forging government ID documents is a separate crime.
If you are signing something "under penlty of perjury" or "with a
warranty of truthfullness" the person you are dealing with may be able to
throw the agreement (whatever it is) out.  There is also the possibility
of legal action.  You can cross the language out before signing (we are
always free to negotiate) and hope that the bored clerk you are dealing
with doesn't notice or if you are using forms that can be obtained in
advance in blank you can remove the offending language and replace it
with nondescript language using DTP technology.
Avoid using government ID and substitute "soft ID" such as employment
ID or school ID.  Since anyone in America is free to form a "company" or
a school ID can also be issued.  Obtain a secured VISA card or a VISA
debit card in a nome de guerre.  This is pretty good ID.  If the
financial institution is overseas, you may not have to provide proof of
identity.  In this country (or Canada) bank accounts -- including secured
credit card accounts -- can still be obtained in a nome de guerre if you
work at it.
If you aren't engaging in other illegal activity, prosecutions for using
an alternate identity are rare.
Duncan Frissell
