
@_date: 1993-06-03 08:59:14
@_author: Doug Porter 
@_subject: Term software develo 
Eric Hughes says:
the PC has . . .
There are at least 7 versions of INT 14. Then there's Ungerman-Bass's old INT 6B as well as two flavors of its successor, NASI/NCSI. There are also many variants of COMx device drivers. These are all serial line abstractions for the PC. There are others.
FOSSIL may be popular on BBSs, but NASI/NCSI is number one in the market. The oldest version of INT 14 is number two.
Who was it said "The nice thing about standards is that there are so many to choose from"? :-)

@_date: 1993-06-03 08:59:18
@_author: Doug Porter 
@_subject: CryptoStacker, long 
RYAN Alan Porter (unrelated AFAIK) asks:
I can help with the guts of DOS, BIOS, network interfaces, etc. My development time is committed, but feel free to email me with questions, folks.
The simplest approach is probably Microsoft's Network Redirector interface. It's used for MSCDEX, and just about every LAN OS except Novell's, including Microsoft's own LAN Manager. A good reference is "Undocumented DOS" by Andrew Schulman et al. This is the only option discussed here I haven't used personally. It looks ideal for this application.
Another possibility is hooking the DOS API itself. This certainly works well; it's the way Netware does it. I've found it a lot of work. See IBM's "Disk Operating System" manual for details. There was a mainframe manual by the same name, so be sure you're getting the PC version.
Just under DOS itself is what Microsoft officially refers to as Device Drivers. Device drivers actually can be hooked in at many levels, of course, not just here. In this context MS calls disk drives "block devices". Block device drivers, or character device drivers for that matter, are not at all tough to write. They're probably a good second choice after the Network Redirector. A reference is the book "Writing MSDOS Device Drivers" by Robert Lai.
DOS internally often calls software interrupts 25 and 26 for disk io. These are apparently inconsistent from DOS version to version. Skip this layer. If you need to go this far down, go all the way to INT 13.
The lowest level of disk io short of hardware is INT 13. A good reference is Phoenix's "CBIOS Reference Manual". Watch out for quirks in INT 13's stack handling.
There's also a good bit you have to do to keep DOS and your driver from tripping over each other. Unless others feel it's appropriate to use this bandwidth, email me for details.

@_date: 1993-06-04 04:05:33
@_author: Doug Porter 
@_subject: Term software dev 
Eric Hughes asks:
It's an API originally developed by Network Products Corporation and based on an earlier spec from Ungerman-Bass. NPC used it in building an async comm server for LANs. NPC called the API "Network Communications Server Interface" or NCSI. Novell licensed the technology from NPC and renamed the API to "Novell Asynchronous Server Interface" or NASI. Other async server vendors picked up on it about then as a result of Novell's evangelism. Serial communications software packages from Crosstalk to Procomm to tiny niche products started to support it. Then because of the end user package support, the standard was used for different kinds of serial connections. For example, we (CyberCorp) built a NASI/NCSI interface for intelligent Digiboards a while back.
I've never heard of anyone being charged to use the spec for whatever they like. At least part of the spec, the part promoted by Ungerman-Bass, seems to be in the public domain. We originally got the spec from Novell when we built a Netware compatible async server. I don't know of any free source code, but code for either end of the spec is only one or two thousand lines of C.

@_date: 1993-06-05 18:54:38
@_author: Doug Porter 
@_subject: CryptoStacker 
The mother lode of source code for MSDOS redirectors, drivers, and related code appears to be the BCPPDOS forum on CompuServe. Some of the authors state that their software has been placed in the public domain, although for some reason they usually left in their copyright notices. It's a very good idea to have the author's explicit permission on file before redistributing any of this software.
In the C programming library:
     CPHANT.ZIP   C source for MSDOS network redirector
     DRIVER.ZIP   C/Asm source for generic driver skeleton
     RDCF2.ZIP    C source for complete MSDOS file system
In the General library:
     CRAMDI.ZIP   C source to RAM disk driver
     FDCBIOS.ZIP  Asm source to floppy disk driver

@_date: 1993-05-25 13:14:15
@_author: Doug Porter 
@_subject: How to make encryption w 
Until many people use encryption those who encrypt will be targets. The biggest barrier to widespread use of encryption is that you have to leave your mail package to work with separate encryption programs and message files. To overcome this people need a messaging system which makes encrypting and decrypting as easy as pushing a button.
The package should allow plugging and unplugging encryption programs. This lets people make their own technical, ethical and legal choices. The package also must be significantly better than the mail packages people use now, or they won't switch, and therefore won't encrypt.
We've done it: Cyberdesk automates access to cyberspace and supports third party encryption programs seamlessly. Today Cyberdesk manages CompuServe (both email and forums), MCI Mail, cc:Mail (both local LAN and remotely), and The WELL (both email and conferences), with more to follow. It runs under Windows and includes features such as distribution lists and a spelling checker. Cyberdesk is in Beta now and fast approaching release.
All you need is a simple interface to use an encryption program with Cyberdesk. This interface is usually just two short batch files, one for encryption and another for decryption. In some cases it may be a small program. We do not plan to provide these interfaces or any specific encryption. In addition to allowing people flexibility in their choices, we hope this approach will make ITAR irrelevant.
Yep, I'm asking you to support a commercial package without monetary compensation from us. You may decide to charge users for your interface, of course. We'll give a copy of Cyberdesk to anyone who creates an interface for an unsupported encryption We have a chance to make it easy, and therefore common, for people to encrypt. All we need is the interfaces. Cypherpunks write code.
