
@_date: 1996-04-09 21:31:08
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: Enforcing the CDA improperly may pervert Internet architecture 
The attached paper by Dr. Reed is worth reading -- I haven't seen this
argument raised before. One portion that I found fascinating was:
  "It is quite silly to imagine that the Ascend router at the ISP can
  figure out if it is me or my child generating each packet."
But that's exactly what the defenders of the CDA are claiming! Here's
some background that might be interesting:
When I was arguing with Bruce Taylor (an architect of the CDA) last
week, we went 'round and 'round on the issue of children on the Net, as
usual. He maintained that every Internet user has to have an account
somewhere, so that account provider is able to tag accounts as minor or adult.
To the best of my ability, I pointed out some of the technical problems
with this, and he responded (I paraphrase from memory here) that
technical problems can be solved by technical people: "Your side comes
across to the court as saying that it can be done but we won't do it.
You're a bunch of geeks who want to protect their porn and the court
isn't going to buy it."
He brought up IP Version 6, which the DoJ has focused on in
cross-examination of one of our witnesses, Scott Bradner from the IETF:
    13           Q   Would it be fair to say, to summarize what you've just
    14           said, that the IP Next Generation group is working on a new
    15           generation of the IP Protocol itself?
    16           A   That is correct.
    17           Q   Does it have -- does the IP Next Generation group have
    18           recommendations regarding a specific architecture of the
    19           packet traffic on the Internet, including the format of the
    20           packet?
The DoJ and Taylor are going to argue that IP V6 can include such an
adult/minor tag in each datagram! One of their key witnesses is Dan
Olsen, the head of the computer science department at Brigham Young
University and the incoming director of the Human Computer Interaction
Institute at CMU.
Olsen's background is NOT in distributed computing environments and
protocol design -- but that minor detail notwithstanding, it looks like
he'll be testifying this Friday that such a tagging scheme is
technically possible.
Chris Hansen from the ACLU told me last Friday: "Olsen is going to push
this tagging idea that the government has, that you can imbed in your
tag -- in your address -- an adult or minor tag. They're going to
suggest that the market will come into existence that will make that
tagging relevant."
