
@_date: 1992-11-27 20:15:40
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Keys & Signatures 
Here is the collection of keys and signatures from the last meeting.
Feed this file into pgp to add them to your key ring.
Please remember that posting "your" public key is not sufficient when
you want people to believe that the key corresponds to a physical person (you).
It's fine for communicating with people who you have't met or don't care
to meet.  But the way we can tell that the key matches the physical person
who we met, is to have it signed by someone we trust.  The signature
indicates that "I certify that this key really does belong to the physical
person identified in the name field".  Don't sign someone's key unless
you are sure you can make that statement (like, they're standing in the
same room with you and they verify that they key ID matches their real key).
Don't sign a key that you received by email or over a modem; it might
be from someone impersonating your friend (when they left their keyboard
unattended for a few minutes).
PGP works on the model that you specify, for each person on your key
ring, how much you trust them to introduce you to other people.  For
example, I trust Tom Jennings "most of the time", and I got Tom's key
from him personally.  So I know that if Tom's signature appears on
someone's key, it probably really is that person.  I've instructed PGP
to know this, too.  I also trust Phil Karn as an introducer, and got
his key from him personally.  PGP knows that if both Phil and Tom have
signed someone's key, that I can believe it *really* is that person.
The people you trust will be the people *you* trust; don't rely on trusting
someone else's friends.  We are trying to set up an interlocking web of
trusted friends so that even if you don't know me, you will know and trust
two other people who know me, and can thereby know my key is good.
Making a key distribution system that works on a web of trust is
research.  It's never been done before.  We'd like to give it a good
try, among highly motivated people, to understand how it works and how
to improve it.  The alternative we're faced with (e.g. in PEM) is
hierarchical systems in which some authority figure signs your key --
with all the attendant possibilities for misuse of power.  Let's see
if a looser, more flexible system can work as well or better.
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.0
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
