
@_date: 1993-08-17 18:45:28
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: [DEC] U.S. Computer May Have Violated Export Regulations 
r abx
^U.S. Computer May Have Violated Export Regulations<
^By PAUL RAEBURN=
^AP Science Editor=
two powerful new computers off a global computer network out of concerns
about possible export violations, even though the computers never left
the country.
access to U.S. computers operating in the United States.
to regulate weapons technology are not only infringing on American
civil liberties but also stifling innovation and hurting American
the computers from abroad, generate data, and illegally export it over
the Internet computer network, which carries data and electronic mail
around the world.
but access is now limited to people who are screened by the company,
Mark Fredrickson, a Digital spokesman, said Friday.
they do fit the government definition of a supercomputer.
in Washington said the connection of a supercomputer to a global network
could lead to violations of federal export regulations.
use it, then technically they were allowing access to a supercomputer to
people they didn't know,'' said Paul Freedenberg, who was the
Commerce Department's undersecretary for export administration at the end of
the Reagan administration.
in Washington, the law firm of former Secretary of State James Baker.
computer hookup and that he was speaking of the regulations generally. ``I
can't say Digital violated the law, because I don't know what Digital did,''
he said.
the computer available was not a violation. A Commerce Department
official, speaking on condition his name not be used, agreed that making the
computer available was not a violation, but that export of data generated on
the computer would be a violation of regulations.
said Fredrickson. It was intended to give potential customers the
opportunity to test-drive the computers. It was terminated by company
executives who wanted to avoid any appearance of violating export
regulations, he said.
government suggesting that we do anything here,'' said Fredrickson. ``This
was simply our own internal people raising the possibility of concern.''
``bulletin board,'' offered access to programs for encoding computer data.
regulations, Freedenberg said. ``It's a technical data transfer'' that falls
under the State Department's control of munitions export, he said.
ensure that the software would not be exported illegally. ``Nothing was
found that was thought to be a concern even meriting informing the
government about it,'' he said.
65 percent of its $14 billion in annual sales are overseas. In December
1991, the Commerce Department charged the company with 62 violations of
export laws and fined it $2.4 million.
export violations. Digital agreed to pay it without admitting or denying
Digital's new AXP 4000 computers, operating in a Digital laboratory in Palo
Alto, Calif. The computers, which cost from $77,000 to $100,000, are
considered midsized computers by industry standards.
its outmoded standards that define those models as supercomputers and
bring them under export regulations.
the department was prohibited by law from discussing the details of a
specific case.
from the Cold War.
certain markets,'' costing U.S. businesses at least $10 billion a year in
lost exports, said Howard Lewis, vice president of the National Association
of Manufacturers.
to the privacy interests of American citizens,'' said Daniel Weitzner,
an attorney with the Electronic Frontier Foundation, a group concerned
with computers and civil-liberties issues.
