
@_date: 1993-08-30 02:43:40
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: CLIPPING CLIPPER by Lance Hoffman, by permission from CACM 
Several people have asked me to post this for
those who do not get Communications
of the Association for Computing Machinery. So here it is, reprinted with
permission from Communications of the ACM,
September 1993, volume 36, number 9.
(This is a version which differs in minor
detail from the one which finally
appeared, and which does not have the
footnotes included in the CACM article. But, otherwise it is substantially the same.)
CLIPPING CLIPPER
Professor Lance J. Hoffman
Department of Electrical Engineering and
Computer Science
The George Washington University
Washington, D. C.
hoffman at seas.gwu.edu
     The FBI is becoming increasingly worried
about the fact that the United
States is technologically close to having
effectively unbreakable encryption
available to individuals.  This will eliminate
its capability to listen in on
specific telephone conversations, even with a
court-authorized warrant under
existing wiretap legislation.  In 1991, it
pushed legislation to to require
significant changes in computer hardware,
software, and communications equipment
so that agents could maintain these
capabilities in the increasingly digital
telephone network [1].  But opposition by
computer and communications companies,
professional societies, and civil libertarians
convinced the Senate to remove the
provision from its crime bill.  Last year, not
one member of Congress was willing
to introduce legislation requiring
telecommunications providers to turn back the
clock and redesign the emerging digital
telecommunications system so that the FBI
could, at some considerable economic cost to
all users, continue to tap, under
court order, certain digital communications
     Now the FBI and its allies in the
intelligence community have persuaded the
President to pursue a course which, if not
reversed, may achieve the same goal by
effectively building "Big Brother"
capabilities into the computer/telephone
network of the future with the "Clipper" chip,
an encryption device with
applications in telephones and other computer
network peripherals [3, 4, 5].
     The Clipper encryption method [6] (see
sidebar) requires escrowing of user
encryption keys with two trusted authorities,
not announced as of this writing. One might anticipate the government will
compound its surprising move with Clipper
by selecting two in-government
executive-branch entities as the escrow
agents. If it does so, there will be further erosion
of the power of Congress to establish
public policy.
     One could, of course, ask whether escrow
technology will be accepted by
computer users who can get the real thing
elsewhere.  Encryption is available
around the world without the burden of key
escrowing -- preliminary survey results
from the Software Publishers Association
revealed 143 non-U.S. and 133 U. S.-based
cryptographic products, many providing DES [7]
and/or RSA [8] capabilities. Moreover, encryption software (including DES
and RSA algorithms and the user-ready
and popular Pretty Good Privacy (PGP) [9]
secure message system) is freely
downloadable from public networks around the
world [10].
     Encryption is becoming increasingly
important.  Persons who wish unescrowed
confidentiality -- both law-abiding persons
and criminals -- will find and use
other encryption schemes to protect
information they wish to keep secure.  After
all, it is not hard to superencrypt messages
with one's own software or hardware
encryption first, not registering any key with
any authority, and very possibly
using an imported device (or software) from
another country.  Increasingly,
travelers use telephones to communicate
information back and forth between
workstations they have never seen before and
their home or office computers; the
threats of eavesdropping and falsification are
much greater than in years past
[11].  These persons can't be expected to
trust a U. S.-developed standard whose
algorithm is secret if they can instead turn
to cryptosystems available elsewhere
with an algorithm that has faced public
scrutiny and whose keys are completely
under control of the user.       The only way a government can prevent
this is by outlawing the use of
encryption methods which are not readable by
the government.  The Administration
admits that this is a fundamental policy
question which "will be considered during
the broad policy review" [12] it has underway. If the government adopts (or, as
it appears now, decrees) such a "Digital
Volstead Act", there will be some
benefits to law enforcement.  In the long term
however, it will have a negative
effect on individual freedom and liberty.  It
might even encourage contempt for
law enforcement on the digital network since
strong cryptographic algorithms are
already available in software, freely
reproducible by all who desire, regardless
of where they live or work.      The Clinton administration should
postpone the introduction of Clipper.  And
Congress should mandate a serious, open,
public review of the issues and options
facing society.  The implications are too
profound to allow the promulgation of
the first partially classified Federal
Information Processing Standard (FIPS)
without appropriate discussion.
     Congress should also move to strengthen
the independence of NIST, which has
apparently not only used the National Security
Agency's skills in cryptography (as
required by the Computer Security Act of 1987)
but also appears to be all too
eager to adopt its policy interests as well. This has resulted in the discussion
of critical issues being framed by the
cryptographic policy specialists at NSA,
who have so far sidestepped Congress and are
protecting their traditional ways of
doing things, while the world is changing all
around them.  They are apparently
reluctant to admit that cryptography and the
policy issues that go with it are now
important enough to merit a full public
debate, or that the genie may be out of
the bottle, or that we now have "a regulatory
structure that goes back to the cold
war and does not recognize the realities of
the present situation" [11].  So they
are using the Clipper initiative to pull off a
"turf coup d'etat".       The issue here is U.S. cryptographic
policy and who controls it, not the
technical merit of the Clipper initiative.
This has far-reaching policy
implications [13, 14] and is not an issue for
the technical community only.
     The Clinton administration has, to its
credit, identified the important
questions and realizes that there are serious
constitutional issues here. Unfortunately, it has picked the wrong player
