
@_date: 1993-09-01 15:24:28
@_author: Ed Carp 
@_subject: Encryption policies of Fidnet, etc. 
I'm under the impression that it's for any patent, but I'm not a lawyer (I
just play one on the net [grin]).
I think it's because they are using them to make $$$.  I think.  :)
Here's the README from the RSA folks that I got with RSAREF.  Hope it answers
one or two of your questions. :)
--------------------------------- cut here -----------------------------------
                              RSAREF(TM):
          A Cryptographic Toolkit for Privacy-Enhanced Mail
                           RSA Laboratories
               (A division of RSA Data Security, Inc.)
                            April 20, 1992
This document copyright (C) 1992 RSA Laboratories, a division of RSA
Data Security, Inc. License is granted to reproduce, copy, post, or
distribute in any manner, provided this document is kept intact and
no modifications, deletions, or additions are made.
WHAT IS IT?
RSAREF is a cryptographic toolkit designed to facilitate rapid
deployment of Internet Privacy-Enhanced Mail (PEM) implementations.
RSAREF represents the fruits of RSA Data Security's commitment to the
U.S. Department of Defense's Advanced Research Projects Agency
(DARPA) to provide free cryptographic source code in support of a PEM
standard. RSA Laboratories offers RSAREF in expectation of PEM's
forthcoming publication as an Internet standard.
Part of RSA's commitment to DARPA was to authorize Trusted Information
Systems of Glenwood, MD, to distribute a full PEM implementation. That
implementation will be available this spring.
RSAREF supports the following PEM-specified algorithms:
     o    RSA encryption and key generation, as defined by RSA
            Laboratories' Public-Key Cryptography Standards (PKCS)
     o    MD2 and MD5 message digests
     o    DES (Data Encryption Standard) in cipher-block chaining mode
RSAREF is written in the C programming language as a library that can
be called from an application program. A simple PEM implementation
can be built directly on top of RSAREF, together with message parsing
and formatting routines and certificate-management routines. RSAREF
is distributed with a demonstration program that shows how one might
build such an implementation.
The name "RSAREF" means "RSA reference." RSA Laboratories intends
RSAREF to serve as a portable, educational, reference implementation
of cryptography.
WHAT YOU CAN (AND CANNOT) DO WITH RSAREF
The license at the end of this note gives legal terms and conditions.
Here's the layman's interpretation, for information only and with no
legal weight:
     1.   You can use RSAREF in personal, non-commercial applications,
          as long as you follow the interface described in the RSAREF
          documentation. You can't use RSAREF in any commercial
          (moneymaking) manner of any type, nor can you use it to
          provide services of any kind to any other party. For
          information on commercial licenses of RSAREF-compatible
          products, please contact RSA Data Security. (Special
          arrangements are available for educational institutions and
          non-profit organizations.)
     2.   You can give others RSAREF and programs that interface to
          RSAREF, under the same terms and conditions as your RSAREF
          license.
     3.   You can modify RSAREF as required to port it to other
          operating systems and compilers, as long as you give a copy
          of the results to RSA Laboratories. Other changes require
          written consent.
     4.   You can't send RSAREF outside the United States or Canada, or
          give it to anyone who is not a U.S. or Canadian citizen and
          doesn't have a U.S. "green card." (These are U.S. State and
          Commerce Department requirements, because RSA and DES are
          export-controlled technologies. Without the export-control
          restrictions, RSAREF would be available by anonymous FTP.)
HOW TO GET IT
To obtain RSAREF, read the license at the end of the note and return a
copy of the following paragraph by electronic mail to
     I acknowledge that I have read the RSAREF Program License
     Agreement and understand and agree to be bound by its terms and
     conditions, including without limitation its restrictions on
     foreign reshipment of the Program and information related to the
     Program. The electronic mail address to which I am requesting
     that the program be transmitted is located in the United States
     of America or Canada and I am a United States citizen, a Canadian
     citizen, or a permanent resident of the United States. The RSAREF
     Program License Agreement is the complete and exclusive agreement
     between RSA Laboratories and me relating to the Program, and
     supersedes any proposal or prior agreement, oral or written, and
     any other communications between RSA Laboratories and me relating
     to the Program.
RSAREF is distributed by electronic mail in UNIX(TM) "uuencoded" TAR
format. When you receive it, store the contents of the message in a
file, and run your operating system's "uudecode" and TAR programs.
For example, suppose you store the contents of your message in the
file 'contents'. You would run the commands:
     uudecode contents             # produces rsaref.tar
     tar xvf rsaref.tar
RSAREF includes about 60 files organized into the following
     doc       documentation on RSAREF and RDEMO
     install   makefiles for various operating systems
     rdemo     RDEMO demonstration program
     source    RSAREF source code and include files
     test      test scripts for RDEMO
USERS' GROUP
RSA Laboratories maintains the electronic-mail users' group
 for discussion of RSAREF applications, bug
fixes, etc. To join the users' group, send electronic mail to
RSAREF users who register with RSA Laboratories are entitled to free
RSAREF upgrades and bug fixes as soon as they become available and a
50% discount on selected RSA Data Security products. To register,
send your name, address, and telephone number to
INNOVATION PRIZES
RSA Laboratories will award cash prizes for the best applications
built on RSAREF. If you'd like to submit an application, want to be
on the review panel, or would like more details, please send
electronic mail to . Applications are due
December 31, 1992, and awards will be announced March 31, 1993. First
prize is $5000, second prize is $2000, and there are five prizes of
PUBLIC-KEY CERTIFICATION
RSA Data Security offers public-key certification services conforming
to forthcoming PEM standards. For more information, please send
electronic mail to .
PKCS: PUBLIC-KEY CRYPTOGRAPHY STANDARDS
To obtain copies of RSA Laboratories' Public-Key Cryptography
Standards (PKCS), send electronic mail to .
OTHER QUESTIONS
If you have questions on RSAREF software, licenses, export
restrictions, or other RSA Laboratories offerings, send electronic
mail to .
RSAREF was written by the staff of RSA Laboratories with assistance
from RSA Data Security's software engineers. The DES code is based on
an implementation that Justin Reyneri did at Stanford University. Jim
Hwang of Stanford wrote parts of the arithmetic code under contract
to RSA Laboratories.
ABOUT RSA LABORATORIES
RSA Laboratories is the research and development division of RSA Data
Security, Inc., the company founded by the inventors of the RSA
public-key cryptosystem. RSA Laboratories reviews, designs and
implements secure and efficient cryptosystems of all kinds. Its
clients include government agencies, telecommunications companies,
computer manufacturers, software developers, cable TV broadcasters,
interactive video manufacturers, and satellite broadcast companies,
among others.
RSA Laboratories draws upon the talents of the following people:
Len Adleman, distinguished associate - Ph.D., University of
  California, Berkeley; Henry Salvatori professor of computer
  science at University of Southern California; co-inventor of
  RSA public-key cryptosystem; co-founder of RSA Data Security, Inc.
Taher Elgamal, senior associate - Ph.D., Stanford University;
  director of engineering at RSA Data Security, Inc.; inventor of
  Elgamal public-key cryptosystem based on discrete logarithms
Martin Hellman, distinguished associate - Ph.D., Stanford University;
  professor of electrical engineering at Stanford University;
  co-inventor of public-key cryptography, exponential key exchange;
  IEEE fellow; IEEE Centennial Medal recipient
Burt Kaliski, chief scientist - Ph.D., MIT; former visiting assistant
  professor at Rochester Institute of Technology; author of Public-Key
  Cryptography Standards; general chair of CRYPTO '91
Cetin Koc, associate - Ph.D., University of California, Santa
  Barbara; assistant professor at University of Houston
Ron Rivest, distinguished associate - Ph.D., Stanford University;
  professor of computer science, MIT; co-inventor of RSA public-key
  cryptosystem; co-founder of RSA Data Security, Inc.; member of
  National Academy of Engineering; director of International
  Association for Cryptologic Research; program co-chair of ASIACRYPT
  '91
RSA Laboratories seeks the talents of other people as well. If you're
interested, please write or call.
RSA Laboratories                   RSA Data Security, Inc.
10 Twin Dolphin Drive              100 Marine Parkway
Redwood City, CA  94065            Redwood City, CA  94065
(415) 595-7703                     (415) 595-8782
(415) 595-4126 (fax)               (415) 595-1873 (fax)
PKCS, RSAREF and RSA Laboratories are trademarks of RSA Data
Security, Inc. All other company names and trademarks are not.
