
@_date: 1994-01-18 09:49:32
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Internet Banking 
... a question or two... or ten...  :)
This is a major problem.  You'd proabaly have to make sure there were a
wide variety of products or services availiable on the net that were in
demand, to make people need to use your bank.  Maybe you could get
shareware authors and online database operators to advertise that they
accept digimoney for their services.  You could probably encourage this
by offering them free services or other incentives.
Well, I'd be happy with a simple checking account, where you could type
checks and sign them with PGP.  Unsecured Loans would be a big
problem...the bank might not be able to offer much (if any) interest on
accounts.  Of course most checking accounts don't offer much interest
anyway so that's not a bit problem.
I'd start off with no minimum balence.  You want as many customers as
possible from the beginning.
It is very cheap if it's all computer automated and statements are sent
via email on the network.  The reason checking account statements are
expensive for conventional banks is because of the physical costs, such
as paper, ink, envelopes, postage, etc...
Dunno.  Probably multiple currencies, or maybe just backed up in gold.
Theoretically the bank would want to accept any form of money, if it was
a international orginization.
See Hopefully none, if they can secure the use of a large amount of capital
to invest.
Irrelevant.  They don't need to, if they are known on the internet.
The biggest problem is that there isn't much security of your money in
such an institution.  The second problem is how does one deposit money
in the bank?  Do you send them a check?  Where do you send it?  How do
you deposit cash?  It wouldn't be feasible for such an institution to
maintain many physical branch offices.
To set up such a bank you'd need a fairly high-bandwidth internet
connection, some computers and a software development team.  You might
also need to hire some customer service agents to answer email and
telephones (if you have them).  That's about it.  A small operation
could be run by two or three people, if you couldn't do it all yourself.
