
@_date: 1994-02-25 11:45:19
@_author: Hugh Daniel 
@_subject: Droped messages... 
Last week toad.com had some problems with the cypherpunks mail list,
in cleaning up from all that (megs and megs worth of gunk) I found two
messages that I do not think got out to the list.
  Here they are (I could find no headders for them).
  Majordomo seems to be doing a great job, the load on toad.com is
down and messages are geting though much faster.  Ah, the power of
ugh Daniel
-------- Mystery Message Phil Karn says...
No, the Sony and Toshiba drives have firmware that supports reading digital audio data (via SCSI).  OMI's program Disk to Disk (excuse my type before hand) digitally reads the audio frames from the CD-ROM and converts it into one of the various sound formats popular on the Mac.  The AIFF and SDII formats are not compressed, they are full 16-bit formats.  They are also well documented, so it is easy to dissect and process these files, for whatever purpose you have in mind.
So, I am actually geting a true digital copy.  Even more accurate than if I was taking the S/P-DIF digital out on a CD player and sucking it into a computer, because the S/P-DIF digital out comes after the error correction and interpolation circuitry.  (Digital out on a CD player is not raw data off the disc.)
There is also no way that what I am doing could go through an analog stage because there is no audio connection between my Mac and
the CD-ROM.
Actually, I use this setup to compare different pressing of one-off CDs,
we were trying to track down some glitches in the JVC CD-R mechanism when recording red-book audio disks.
I'm interested in persuing this further, it would be real intersting to
produce some audio disks with embedded information.  Let me know if you
are interested.
Rusty H. Hodge, Cyberneticist   -------- Mystery Message But it restricts the political heat from wide-open remailing to
those remailers who accept it.  This isn't ideologically pure,
but it might let more people run remailers in the face of people
like Detweiler (who has already attacked one and likely two
   Eli   ebrandt at jarthur.claremont.edu
