
@_date: 1996-02-04 03:00:28
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: THE JEWS (ALL of them!) Try to kick Ernst Zundel off Usenet!! 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 3-Feb-96 THE JEWS (ALL of them!)
Try.. by ErnstZundl at aol.com Damn, he blew my cover. I shall seek vengeance with my orbital
mindcontrol lasers.

@_date: 1996-02-04 07:25:26
@_author: Cecelia A Clancy 
@_subject: THE JEWS (ALL of them!) Try to kick Ernst Zundel off Usenet!! 
Ernst Zu"ndel's e-mail address is ezundel at cts.com.  He is on on
AOL to me knowledge.
The above text does not feel like Zu"ndel to me.  I think
that this ErnstZundel at aol.com might very well be an imposter.
The above is not the real Zu"ndel's speaking or writing
style.  Zu"ndel does not want books burned and people persecuted
nor does he want certain races and ethnic groups declared
Zu"ndel more likely to complain about hypocricy and lack of tolerance
than lack of capitalized Free Speech. (At least according to
what I have been exposed to of him.)
Mossad?  Come on, get real.  The real Mossad would have an address
that ends in .il.   The ending .gov is for US government agencies.
"Do not write to these people", huh.  Well, I wonder if this is
because some of these addresses might all be fake?  I'll try sending to
them to see what happens.
Lemineberg!   That's a spoof on "Mark Lemire" a guy who really
works with the real Zu"ndel.
Sorry, but the guy with the Charlie Chaplain mustache spelled his
first name "Adolf", not "Adolph."  The real Zu"ndel would not
make this misspellilng.
Cecelia Clancy
University of Pittsburgh
cacst9+ at pitt.edu
+1 (412) 441-2231

@_date: 1996-02-04 21:30:00
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: THE JEWS (ALL of them!) Try to kick Ernst Zundel off Usenet!! 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 4-Feb-96 Re: THE JEWS (ALL of
them!).. by K00l Secrets at secret.alia Ernst Zundel is indeed a National Socialist. But as others pointed out
in previous messages, his real email address is ezundel at cts.com. I
posted a message to fight-censorship last week on the emergence of the
Zundelimposter. It's archived at the remaining CMU mirror site, at:
