
@_date: 1996-04-29 02:23:34
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: [NOISE] Re: Guardian angels, the decency brigade, and 
Message-Id: <9604270337.AA22787 at frumious-bandersnatch.MIT.EDU>
thinking of getting a SafeSurf rating for a few pages as an experiment,
so this "patrolling" is pretty interesting:
Suppose you check out a site and find it is in your opinion not
"kidsafe". What do you do in that case? This is not clear from your message. are you not substituting your own standard? After all, in reference to
Declan McCullagh's point about the fight-censorship archives, you say:
"Why ask?  Clearly a site with a message like this would not be suitable for
children to read.  That would be an adult site rating."
seems in this case be roughly "any archive which contains any message
with any sexual content, no matter what the context or proportion, does
not qualify as "kidsafe" in the CyberAngels view."
"voluntary" one, and the one the CyberAngels apply to the site? Only if
the two coincide will all be well. Thus, is it not reasonable to ask
that the CyberAngels at least make clear their criteria? I collect items
such as this (ratings systems), I would be very interested in what the
CyberAngels have come up with.
Seth Finkelstein
sethf at mit.edu
P.S. I don't know if you're a recent recruit or not, but Curtis Sliwa
has a checkered history at best. Given the fabrications in the Angel's
past, what can we expect in their future?
       AUTHOR: Goodstein, Laurie
        TITLE: Guardian Angels' Chief Clouds His Reputation
       SOURCE: Washington Post
   SEC,PG:COL: A, 3:1
         DATE: Nov 29, 1992
     ABSTRACT: Curtis Sliwa, founder of the Guardian Angels, has admitted                that some of his 1980s exploits were fabricated to get                publicity.
      AUTHOR: Gonzalez, David
        TITLE: Police Union to Sue Sliwa over Hoaxes
       SOURCE: New York Times
   SEC,PG:COL: B, 6:6
         DATE: Nov 26, 1992
     ABSTRACT: Ron Reale, the president of the New York City transit police                union, said Nov 25, 1992 that his group would file a lawsuit                against Curtis Sliwa, the founder of the Guardian Angels, on                the grounds that he had injured the union's reputation by
               for the Guardian Angels.
       AUTHOR: Gonzalez, David
        TITLE: Sliwa Admits Faking Crimes for Publicity
       SOURCE: New York Times
   SEC,PG:COL: B, 1:4
         DATE: Nov 25, 1992
     ABSTRACT: The Guardian Angels' founder and leader, Curtis Sliwa,                admitted in a New York Post article on Nov 24, 1992 that he                faked six of the group's early crime-fighting exploits to
               gain publicity.  Some former and present associates contend                that even more of the group's activities were publicity                stunts.
        TITLE: Curtis Sliwa's Confession
       SOURCE: New York Times
   SEC,PG:COL: A, 32:1
         DATE: Nov 27, 1992
     ABSTRACT: An editorial wonders why so many New Yorkers got taken in by                Curtis Sliwa, the Guardian Angels' leader who recently                confessed that he and his Angels fabricated several exploits                in order to gain public support.
