
@_date: 2013-10-17 09:35:14
@_author: Aaron 
@_subject: [tor-dev] Attentive Otter: Usability issues with existing OTR clients 
+10. This is huge.
As you point out, you get a "Unverified/Verified" when using OTR. Verifying
fingerprints of anonymous chat is practically impossible -- every side
channel I can think of (telephone, meeting in person, email - ha) either
leaks the act of contacting, isn't practical or convenient, or requires
some kind of Internet reputation. I'd bet that most OTR users don't verify
TOFU is a must, along with a dialogue that explains in simple terms what is
going on, with a way to dismiss the dialogue (e.g. by correctly answering a
security question).
Perhaps replacing "Unverified" with "In use for: x days" ?
I think you mean that the existing key is expired after the user has OK'd
using the new key. The UI should not be something you can just click away
or ignore; it should be slightly inconvenient, and perhaps bidirectional
(the user whose key changed gets prompted as well).
At the same time, we should allow a different OTR key for each unique
I'd like the opposite -- I would like to be able to bind the nickname *to*
the OTR key, but change the XMPP or IRC id, or to put it another way, be
able to keep a persistent cryptographic identity but use whatever
underlying transport or throwaway account is convenient.
Admittedly it's not as good as doing away with centralized resources
completely, and I think a Hidden Service transport would be very
interesting. (And it looks like the Tor network load testing results are
looking good ;-) )
Yeah, I've seen this one too.
I think it might be simpler to block input until the OTR handshake has
completed. That is, the text input area is simply unavailable (in Force OTR
It might be better to not fingerprint the client that you are using. OTOH
the pidgin-otr plugin does behave this way.
That could be a little cluttered; I'd suggest background tinting or only
flagging the unencrypted messages with skulls and crossbones.
I guess people like logging for some reason, and I'll admit that pidgins
"History" mode really enables asynchronous chat. Rather than require you
*turn off* OTR to get this feature, an alternative would be to require a
passphrase and automatically expunge encrypted logs after a configurable
period of time. And, unlike other clients, perhaps telling the conversation
counterparty that logging is enabled  (e.g. the opposite of  gchat "OTR"
notifications ) at the start of the session would provide informed consent.
8. Require (or at least allow) a passphrase to decrypt the OTR private key.
Or, store the key on a hardware token.
The number of arbitrary file read bugs in pidgin makes me cry...
tor-dev mailing list
tor-dev at lists.torproject.org
