
@_date: 1999-07-10 17:57:57
@_author: abcd4632i17 at yahoo.com 
@_subject: I saw your email                                                        
I saw your email on a website I visited yesterday, and thought
you might be interested in this. A few months back I joined a program and then...promptly forgot
about it. You may have done this yourself sometime...you intend
to work the program but then get caught in your day-to-day
activities and it's soon forgotten.
The program was free to join so maybe I just didn't take it very
Anyway, near the end of May I received a letter from my
sponsor (Vic Patalano) informing me that I had more than 2000
PAID members in my downline!
As you can imagine, I was very skeptical. After all, how could I
have more than 2000 paid members under me in a program that I had
never promoted?
I took the time to check out the site...then wrote to Vic asking
for confirmation that these were paid members and not just free
sign-ups...like me :)
Well, it was true...I had 2365 paid members in my downline. This
in a program that I had never worked!
All I had to do was upgrade to a paid membership before the end
of the month and I would have my position locked in and a
downline of 2365 people.
You can bet I wasted no time in getting my membership upgraded!
I can tell you, if I had known what was happening with this
program, I would have become an active paid member months ago!
With this program, you will get a HUGE downline of PAID MEMBERS.
My sponsor's check, which is a minimum of $5,000, arrives every
month...on time.
How would you like to lock your position in FREE while you check
out this opportunity and watch your downline grow?
To grab a FREE ID simply reply to:codjig5 at lycos.com
and write this phrase:
"Email me details about the club's business and consumer opportunities"
Be sure to include your:
1. First name
2. Last name
3. Email address (if different from above)
We will confirm your position and send you a special report
as soon as possible, and also Your Free Member Number.
I'll get you entered and let you know how you can
keep track of your growing downline.
That's all there's to it.
I'll then send you info, and you can make up your own mind.
Warm regards,
Bruce Stevens
P.S. After having several negative experiences with network
marketing companies I had pretty much given up on them.
This company is different--it offers value, integrity, and a
REAL opportunity to have your own home-based business...
and finally make real money on the internet.
Don't pass this up..you can sign up and test-drive the
program for FREE. All you need to do is get your free
Unsubscribing: Send an emailmarked Unsubscribe to gitrman at excite.com
