
@_date: 2002-01-11 20:55:12
@_author: DR ABIM BOLA 
@_subject: URGENT BUSINESS PROPOSAL 
Dear Sir/Madam,
I am DR ABIM BOLA, Bank Manager of ORIENT BANK OF
NIGERIA, Lagos Branch. I have urgent and very
confidential business proposition for you.
On June 6 1997, an American oil consultant/contractor
with the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation, Mr.
Barry Kelly made a numbered time (Fixed) deposited for
twelve calendar months, valued at US$25,000,000.00
(Twenty-five Million Dollars) in my branch. Upon
maturity, I sent a routine notification to his
forwarding address but got no reply. After a month, we
sent a reminder and finally we discovered from his
contract employers, Nigerian National Petroleum
Corporation that Mr. Barry Kelly died from an
automobile accident. On further investigation, I found
out that he did not leave a WILL and all attempts to
trace his next of kin were fruitless.
I therefore made further investigation and discovered
that Mr. Barry Kelly did not declare any next of kin
in all his official documents, including his Bank
Deposit paperwork. This sum of US$25,000,000.00 is
still sitting in the Bank and the interest is being
rolled over with the principal sum at the end of each
year. No one will come forward to claim it. According
to the Nigerian Law, at the expiration of 5 (five)
years, the money will revert to the ownership of the
Nigerian Government if nobody applies to claim
Consequently, my proposal is that I will like you as a
foreigner to stand in as the next of kin to Mr. Barry
Kelly so that the fruits of this old manls labor will
not get into the hands of some corrupt officials. This
is simple, I will like you to provide me immediately
with your full names and address so that the attorney
will prepare the necessary documents and affidavits,
which will put you in place as the next of kin. We
shall employ the services of two attorneys for
drafting and notarization of the WILL and obtain the
necessary documents and letter of
probate/administration in your favor the transfer. A
bank account in any part of the world, which you
provide, will then facilitate the transfer of this
money to you as the beneficiary/next of kin. The money
will be paid into your account for us to share in the
ratio of 60% for me and 40% for you.
There is no risk at all as all the paperwork for this
transaction will be done by the attorney and my
position as the Branch Manager guarantees the
successful execution of this transaction. If you are
interested, please reply immediately via the private
email address below. Upon your response, I shall then
provide you with more details and relevant documents
that will help you understand. Please observe utmost
confidentiality, and rest assured that this
transaction would be most profitable for both of us
because I shall require your assistance to invest
myshare in your Awaiting your urgent reply via email:
Thanks and regards   DR ABIM BOLA
