
@_date: 1996-02-19 02:47:07
@_author: Alexandra Griffin 
@_subject: Science News - article on Quantum Crypto 
Yes, any active devices in your communications path would be unable to
function without making some kind of classical measurement on the
photons involved (e.g. measuring phase relative to a definite test
angle, if phase is what's being modulated), thereby collapsing the
wavefunction and spoiling any special properties afforded by being
able to send photons down the line without "looking at them."  Optical
repeaters have to pass your signal through an intermediate electronic
stage anyway, since we have no purely optical valve/transistor
equivalents (bosons don't interact with each other at all).
Can someone think of a reason why this wouldn't necessarily be so?
- alex

@_date: 1996-02-20 10:53:07
@_author: Alexandra Griffin 
@_subject: Optical repeaters 
Dave Emery responds:
You're right, I do remember reading about these somewhere... didn't
realize they were already in use.
Even so, I still don't think such a repeater would pass quantum-crypto
signals, excepting any photons that happened to just "leak" directly
through.  Your useful quantum state information resides in the
individual photons originally sent, and any even the optical repeaters
you describe achieve gain by by gating in *more* photons under the
incoming signal's control.  In so doing it will collapse the
wavefunctions of these incoming photons.
Not to say repeaters on the line aren't possible, but they'll have to
decode your data using a copy of the "secret" key, then re-encode for
transmission... so this will be a potential break-in point and need
good physical security.
You said power for the amps comes from a high-intensity,
shorter-wavelength beam... can this be superimposed on the original
signal at the point of origin, as with in-line coax-cable amplifiers?
Nice... :)
- alex

@_date: 1996-01-30 20:00:10
@_author: Alexandra Griffin 
@_subject: PPP link encryption? 
Is there any software out there on the net for doing real-time,
transparent encryption of a PPP link?
Also, if this link is running at 600kbit/s to 1Mbit/s, how much
processing power would be required to keep up (assuming we're using,
say, the IDEA cipher)?  Would a dedicated 386DX/33-based router on
each end be sufficient?
Finally, could someone make a ballpark estimate as to the amount of
additional latency that would be added?
- alex
