
@_date: 1995-08-03 08:23:27
@_author: ACLUNATL at aol.com 
@_subject: ACLU Opposes Exon-Like Speech Crimes in Managers Amend. to House Telco Bill 
**PLEASE WIDELY REDISTRIBUTE THIS DOCUMENT UNTIL SATURDAY AUGUST 5, 1995**
8/2/95  ACLU Cyber-Liberties Alert:  Oppose Exon-Like Speech Crimes in the Managers Amendment to the House Telco
Bill  ----  RE:  Important Statements by Conservatives and Others on Unconstitutional Provisions of Telecommunications Deregulation Legislation (H.R. 1555 in the
House)  Dear Representative:  On behalf of the American Civil Liberties Union, we are pleased to provide
the enclosed statements from The Wall Street Journal, the Cato Institute,
Speaker Newt Gingrich, the Center for Democracy and Technology and the
Interactive Working Group.  All address the importance of leaving American
citizens free to decide -- not have some government bureaucracy control --
what they wish to watch on television or access by computer. While we do not agree with everything in any one of these statements, we
hope that you will find them of assistance as the House considers
telecommunications legislation.  You will be asked to vote on House
amendments paralleling those so devastatingly critiqued in these materials.
We urge your attention to two amendments that we believe are clearly
unconstitutional.  The first amendment (included as item  in the managers amendment) would,
similar to the now heavily discredited Exon amendment, unconstitutionally
interfere with the free market and free speech approach that has turned the
Internet into the incredible source of entrepreneurial promise and
educational impact it is today.  Although the July 31st memorandum on the managers amendment claimed that
this provision "creates criminal liability for intentionally sending
obscenity over computers," the amendment in fact deals with more expression
than just obscenity as the Supreme Court has defined it.  Instead the
amendment mixes elements of both obscenity (which the Supreme Court has
said is not constitutionally protected) and indecency (which is First
Amendment-protected speech) and seeks to make it a Federal crime for anyone
to communicate such material to someone under 18.  This provision of the
managers amendment is clearly unconstitutional for all the reasons so
eloquently expressed in the enclosed materials.  It is also silly.  Does
the Congress of the United States really intend that the Federal criminal
justice system will be used to send two 17-year-olds to Federal prison for
five years because their online dating chatter took an overly salacious
turn?  This provision is, further, profoundly unwise policy.  It is another
example of what, in the Senate/Exon context, the Wall Street Journal
referred to as the "ham-handed approach" or resorting to the
"big-bureaucracy method to solve problems."  More importantly, this
government-dictated control would interfere with the implementation of
parental control technologies (including those in use today; see the CDT
report) because software developers would wait to deploy their products
widely or develop improvements until the inevitable legal challenges to the
combined obscenity/indecency provision are finally resolved.  This Federal
criminal law approach would be another "constitutional glue factory" that,
for example, in telephones took a decade to untangle before that law could
take effect.  Meanwhile, consenting adults will have their own free speech
limited to "child-proof" e-mail, and parents will be deprived of meaningful
technology to control what their children access on the Internet.   We urge you to vote against this Big Government, anti-private sector and
unconstitutional addition to the Federal criminal code by voting against
the managers amendment.  We also ask that you oppose the so-called "V-chip" amendment proposed by
Representative Markey.  The "V-chip" amendment would also stifle other
approaches and actually serve to lessen, not increase, effective parental
control over what their children watch on television.  The Markey amendment
would operate to censor broadcast and cable television programs, putting
time slots or channels under the power of a Federal government ratings
authority.  Despite assertions to the contrary, the plain language of the
amendment requires the formation of such a Federal government authority, to
be established by the Federal Communications Commission as an advisory
committee to form rules to identify and rate programming.  The actual
censorship would be effectuated through the mandatory installation in
television sets of "V-chips."  The ACLU opposes the "V-chip" amendment because it would install an
unconstitutional government-run system designed to censor First
Amendment-protected expression on television.  The amendment would have the
effect of actually usurping control from parents in favor of a government
approval panel.  Under this regime, when the "V-chip" is activated,
government-mandated technology would operate to block an entire television
program based on expression that a government rating authority -- rather
than the parents -- finds to be violent, sexual or otherwise inappropriate.
We urge you to vote against the Markey "V-chip" amendment.   Once the free enterprise system has identified a market (e.g., for parental
control technologies), private sector development works much faster and
provides a greater range of choices than having a government bureaucracy
foist its choice for a "winning technology" on parents and other consumers.
The Markey "V-chip" amendment would strangle development of the new
technologies that will give parents much more precise control over what
their children watch.  The Coburn amendment, on the other hand, would
review and encourage this private sector development of parental control
technology for televisions, and we believe that it merits your support.  As
the Wall Street Journal concluded, "The more forward-moving solution is to
empower parents and encourage good corporate citizenship."   We appreciate this opportunity to express our reasons for opposing both the
Markey "V-chip" amendment and these criminal code changes in the managers
amendment.  We hope you find the enclosed materials helpful as the House
considers telecommunications deregulation.   Sincerely yours,  Laura W. Murphy, Director  Washington National Office  Donald Haines  Legislative Counsel

@_date: 1995-08-04 09:42:23
@_author: ACLUNATL at aol.com 
@_subject: House Adopts Exon-Like Speech Crimes, Also Adopts Cox/Wyden Amendment 
8/4/95 ACLU Cyber-Liberties Alert: House Adopts Exon-Like Speech Crimes,
Also Adopts Cox/Wyden Amendment
For the online community to take comfort in what is done in the final telco
bill in the conference committee, at a minimum the following must occur:
1.  The Senate's Exon/Coats amendment (the Communications Decency Act) must
be rejected -- that is, deleted from the bill, not merely modified in some
2.  The House's Exon-like speech crimes amendment must be rejected -- that
is, deleted from the bill, not merely modified in some way.
3.  The ambiguities and problems in the Cox/Wyden amendment must be resolved
and then the Cox/Wyden amendment as modified should be included in the telco
The ACLU urges all those who care about free speech and personal privacy to
focus their energized efforts on all three fronts of the fight.
The ACLU will continue to fight all aspects of the cyber-censorship battle,
including the Exon-like speech crimes provisions just passed by the House,
the Exon/Coats amendment in the Senate, the Dole/Grassley anti-computer
pornography bill, the Grassley anti-electronic racketeering bill, and the
Feinstein anti-explosives information amendment to the counter-terrorism

@_date: 1995-12-06 19:19:18
@_author: ACLUNATL at aol.com 
@_subject: ACLU Cyber-Liberties Update: 12/6/95 
For a copy of the coalition letter sent to the conferees, send a message to
infoaclu at aclu.org with "letter opposing White and Hyde" in the subject line.
The following organizations signed the letter:
American Civil Liberties Union
American Booksellers Foundation for Free Expression
American Communication Association
Art and Technology Society
Association of Alternative Newsweeklies
Boston Coalition for Freedom of Expression
Coalition for Academic Freedom of Expression, Carnegie Mellon University
Council of Literary Magazines and Presses
Datalytics, Inc.
Electronic Privacy Information Center
Feminists for Free Expression
Filz and Associates, Inc.
HotWired Magazine
Human Rights Watch
Justice on Campus Project
Internet Users Consortium
LitNet (The Literary Network)
Lumberyard BBS Community Network
MIT Student Association for Freedom of Expression
Media Democracy in Action Consortium (MeDIA Consortium)
National Campaign for Freedom of Expression
National Coalition Against Censorship
National Writers Union
NorthWest Feminist Anti-Censorship Taskforce
Oregon Coast Rural Information Service Cooperative
Pacific Online Access
Public Access Networks Corp. (Panix)
The Society for Human Sexuality, University of Washington
Wired Magazine

@_date: 1995-11-03 09:23:41
@_author: ACLUNATL at aol.com 
@_subject: Organizations Needed to Sign Letter Against Online Censorship 
CYBER-LIBERTIES ALERT!!!        November 2, 1995 from: American Civil Liberties Union People for the American Way ORGANIZATIONS NEEDED TO SUPPORT FREE SPEECH IN CYBERSPACE SIGN THE LETTER BELOW TO OPPOSE FEDERAL ONLINE INDECENCY LEGISLATION! A conference committee of House and Senate members is now meeting to
determine the future of free speech in cyberspace.  As most of you know,
the House and Senate have now passed two different versions of the
telecommunications bill that would each outlaw "indecent" speech over the
Internet and other online services. The conference committee now has the power to remove the online indecency provisions and to respect the philosophy overwhelmingly approved by the
House in their 420-4 vote in favor of the Cox/Wyden Amendment -- online
users, not government, should determine what online content is appropriate
for themselves and their families. Groups like the Christian Coalition are contacting the Conference Committee
to urge even stricter criminal provisions for cyberspace than those
contained in the current telecommunications provisions.  Organizations
dedicated to free speech must counter that movement with a groundswell of
opposition to government control over online content. THIS MAY BE YOUR LAST CHANCE TO STOP UNCONSTITUTIONAL RESTRICTIONS ON YOUR
RIGHT TO FREE SPEECH IN CYBERSPACE. Please sign your organization on to the letter below.  To sign on, send an
e-mail with your organization's name, address, phone number, and e-mail
address to: Jill Lesser People for the American Way jlesser at pfaw.org The deadline for signatures is MONDAY, NOVEMBER 6, 1995, at 5 p.m. (Due to time constraints, we regret that we are unable to accept further
revisions to the letter.) ---------- LETTER FROM ORGANIZATIONS OPPOSED TO FEDERAL ONLINE INDECENCY LEGISLATION November ___, 1995 The Honorable Thomas J. Bliley Jr. Chairman, Committee on Commerce United States House of Representatives Washington, DC 20515 The Honorable Larry Pressler Chairman, Committee on Commerce, Science and Transportation United States Senate    Washington, DC 20510 Re:  Parental Empowerment and Free Expression in Cyberspace Dear Chairmen Bliley and Pressler: We write on behalf of a diverse coalition of non-profit civil liberties,
education, library, cultural, arts, labor and other civic organizations,
and commercial producers and distributors of entertainment, information,
journalism, and art, to express our strong belief that the Communications
Decency Act (CDA) (also known as the +Exon Amendment+), sections 401 to 408
of S. 652, is unconstitutional, unworkable and unwise.  We also strongly
beleive that language added to HR 1555, (section 403) amending the federal
criminal code (the Hyde Amendment) is similarly unacceptable, because it
creates new Exon-like speech crimes, including restricting constitutionally
protected speech, mandating vicarious liability for on-line service
providers and endorsing the violatation of privacy rights of individuals. We urge you to delete from any final telecommunications legislation any
provisions that impose a federal regulatory scheme on online content, hold
online service providers liable for the messages of their customers, censor
online communications in violation of the First Amendment, or encourage the
violation of the privacy of online users.  The CDA and Hyde Amendment
contain an approach and philosophy that almost every member of the House of
Representatives has already expressly rejected in their 420-4 vote in favor
of the Online Family Empowerment provisions offered as an amendment to HR
1555 (section 104) by Representatives Cox (R-CA) and Wyden (D-OR). The CDA would impose unenforceable and intrusive government regulation on a
newly developing forum for speech and commerce.  While failing to
accomplish its intended goal of protecting children, it would unwisely
impose governmental mandates on content and effectively establish federal
standards for parenting in an online world.  Similarly, the Hyde Amendment
would force  online service providers to act as censors of constitutionally protected
speech and to invade the privacy of their users. By creating
unconstitutional standards, passage of the CDA or the Hyde Amendment merely
would assure a decade of expensive litigation and the uncertainty that
inevitably accompanies such lawsuits. As the Conference Committee begins to consider the question of content
control in the online environment, it must not permit unconstitutional
provisions to remain in the bill.  The Conferees challenge is to avoid
interfering with private sector development of effective blocking and
screening technologies that empower online users to make personal decisions
about content, to preserve the fundamental freedoms of the First Amendment,
and to protect each individual's right to keep private communications
private. The undersigned organizations believe that the following principles must be
adhered to in any provision that affects the emerging online environment: THE FIRST AMENDMENT RIGHTS OF ALL AMERICANS MUST BE PRESERVED. Any effort to establish federal control over constitutionally protected
speech must be opposed outright.  There are alternative ways to protect
access by children to certain material without infringing on the free
speech rights of adults.  The Supreme Court has repeatedly ruled that
Congress may not impose a blanket ban on constitutionally protected speech.
 Any general restriction on constitutionally protected content must not
only serve a compelling government interest but also must be implemented by
the least restrictive means available. POLICIES MUST EMPOWER USERS -- INCLUDING PARENTS -- TO MAKE PERSONAL
DECISIONS ABOUT CONTENT. While most Americans agree that certain material is unsuitable for
children, there certainly is no consensus about precisely what that
material might be.  The right to decide what children should see and hear
is uniquely personal to the family -- government should have no role in
dictating such personal and private matters.  Instead, policies should
encourage and empower  individual parents to make decisions about the kinds of content to which
their children should have access. THERE SHOULD BE NO INCENTIVE FOR GOVERNMENT OR PRIVATE INDUSTRY TO INFRINGE
ON PRIVACY RIGHTS BY READING PRIVATE E-MAIL. Neither online service providers nor federal regulators should be in the
business of perusing private e-mail for potentially objectionable content. The privacy rights in e-mail that Congress recognized in its passage of the
Electronic Communications Privacy Act should not be undercut through  censorship legislation. THE ONLINE WORLD MUST OPERATE FREE FROM INTRUSIVE AND UNENFORCEABLE
GOVERNMENT CONTENT REGULATION. Online service providers and other sectors of the communications industry
already are taking the initiative to develop technologies to permit users
to make choices about the content to which they have access.  Governmentally imposed standards and mandates are no substitute for the
creativity of the marketplace.  Users are demanding technology that will
preserve the free flow of information, while simultaneously allowing them
to make personal decisions about the content to which they or their
children have access. CONCLUSION The undersigned organizations believe that Congress can formulate policies consistent with its deregulatory approach and consistent with the  Constitution.   We stand ready to work with all members of the Conference  Committee to ensure that the above principles are satisfied. [The following organizations signed on to a similar letter last summer,
before the House vote on the telecommunications bill.] Alliance For Community Media Alliance for Communications Democracy American Arts Alliance American Association of Advertising Agencies, Inc. American Association of Law Libraries American Association of University Professors American Civil Liberties Union American Communication Association American Library Association American Society of Journalists and Authors Association of American Publishers Association of Research Libraries Center For Democracy & Technology Chicago Computer Society Computer Professionals for Social Responsibility Council of Literary Magazines and Presses Electronic Privacy Information Center Feminists for Free Expression Freedom to Read Foundation Libraries for the Future The Literary Network Magazine Publishers Association Media Access Project Media Consortium National Assembly of State Arts Agencies National Association of Artists Organizations National Association of Media Arts & Culture National Campaign for Freedom of Expression National Coalition Against Censorship National Federation of Community Broadcasters National Gay & Lesbian Task Force National Public Telecomputing Network New York City Arts Coalition Newspaper Association of America Society for Electronic Access People For the American Way Action Fund Rock Out Censorship Theater Communications Group Writers Guild of America, East

@_date: 1995-11-07 22:40:29
@_author: ACLUNATL at aol.com 
@_subject: Religious Right Threatens to Shut Down Net: Call NOW 
Here are the advocacy instructions for individuals opposed to the Federal
Online Indecency Legislation that we promised last week.
       CAMPAIGN TO STOP THE EXON/COATS COMMUNICATIONS DECENCY ACT
        CAMPAIGN TO STOP THE UNCONSTITUTIONAL COMMUNICATIONS DECENCY ACT
      PLEASE WIDELY REDISTRIBUTE THIS DOCUMENT WITH THIS BANNER INTACT
        For More Information
        List Of Participating Organizations
THE LATEST NEWS
Since the very first day that Senator J.J. Exon (D-NE) proposed censorship
legislation for the Internet, the Christian Right has pushed for the most
restrictive regulations they could think of.
The Religious Right (which does not necessarily speak for all religious
people concerned with this issue) recently tipped their hand in a letter
to Sen. Larry Pressler (R-SD) and Rep. Thomas Bliley (R-VA) requesting
a new and more restrictive net censorship proposal.
There are essentially three new dangerous elements of their campaign
to shut down cyberspace:
INTERNET PROVIDERS, ONLINE SERVICES, AND LIBRARIES CRIMINALLY LIABLE FOR
 EXPRESSION ONLINE
The Religious Right has proposed to hold anyone who provides access to the
Internet or other interactive media, including online services providers,
ISP's, BBS's, Libraries, and Schools, criminally liable for all speech
carried on the network.
In order to avoid liability under this provision, service providers would be
forced to monitor user's electronic communications to be assured that
no "indecent" material is transmitted across their networks.
This proposal is MORE RESTRICTIVE than the Exon Communications Decency Act,
or any other net censorship legislation currently in Congress.
In their letter to Congress, the Religious Right says:
However, the "knowing" standard is vague enough that the mere knowledge
that such material exists could be sufficient to trigger criminal liability.
A single complaint or even a news report could force a service provider to
take down a web page, remove posts to chat rooms or other discussion
forums, or shut down listservs in order to avoid going to jail and facing
huge fines.
A STANDARD FOR INDECENCY
The proposals pushed by the Christian Coalition relies on the
unconstitutional "indecency standard".  Like the Exon Communications
Decency Act, the Christian Coalition seeks to regulate all indecent
speech online.
Indecency is a broad category that includes everything from George Carlin's
"seven dirty words" to such classic novels and "The Catcher in the Rye" and
"Lady Chatterly's Lover". The Supreme Court has ruled that restrictions on indecent speech are Constitutional only if they rely on the "least restrictive means".  Broad
indecency restrictions on interactive media do not satisfy the "least
restrictive means" test, because interactive media allows users and
parents tremendous control over the information they receive.
Any legislation which attempts to apply an indecency restriction to the Internet is unconstitutional on its face.
The Christian Coalition's proposal that relies on an indecency
restriction contemplates dumbing down every conversation, web page,
newsgroup, and mailing list on the Internet to the level of what is
not offensive to children.
What kind of discussions between adults are possible in an arena
where everything has been reduced to the level of the Lion King?
UNPRECEDENTED CONTROL OVER ONLINE SPEECH FOR THE FCC
The Christian Coalition would give the FCC broad jurisdiction over
cyberspace.  It would allow the FCC jurisdiction over your online
speech, and over the design Internet software, such as web browsers and
filtering programs that parents can use to control their children's
access to the Internet.
The Internet has developed from a government project to a market-driven
economic boom for thousands of businesses.  Giving the FCC authority over
this medium would significantly hinder the growth of this new industry.
WHAT YOU CAN DO NOW
1. The proposals from the Religious Right will literally destroy online
   speech as we know it.  The odds of stopping this are not certain.
   There is a very real chance that this legislation will pass, and
   we will experience a period of uncertainty and chilling of speech
   while an appropriate test case attempts to reach the Supreme Court
   (should it even get there!)
   The Religious Right has a strong grass-roots network.  We need to
   counter their energy and ensure cyberspace is not lost due to them.
   IMMEDIATELY CALL House Speaker Gingrich (R-GA) and Senate Leader
   Dole (R-KS) and urge them to oppose the Christian Coalition's
   proposal.
   Name, Address, and Party     Phone            Fax
   ========================     ==============   ==============
   R GA Gingrich, Newt 		1-202-225-4501   1-202-225-4656
   R KS Dole, Robert            1-202-224-6521   1-202-224-8952
   If you're at a loss for words, try one of the following:
   or
 	my child's access to the Internet using parental control tools
2. Join the online fight by becoming a volunteer for your district!
   Check to see if you're legislator is in the list below.  If they are
   not, consult the free ZIPPER service that matches Zip Codes to
   Congressional districts with about 85% accuracy at:
   The conference committee legislators are:
   House: Barr (R-GA), Barton (R-TX), Berman (R-CA), Bliley (R-VA),
   Senate: Burns (R-MT), Exon (D-NE), Ford (D-KY), Gorton (R-WA),
   If your legislator is on the conference committee, you have a chance
   to influence their vote on this issue with your power as a constituent.
   Volunteer to help educate your legislator by sending mail to
   volunteer at vtw.org.  A coalition volunteer will be in touch with you.
   You can starting working to help spread the word in your district by
   sending this letter to five friends.  Ask them to call Dole and Gingrich
   as well.
3. The People for the American Way (PFAW) and the American Civil Liberties
   Union are organizing a letter from ORGANIZATIONS to the Conference
   Committee to oppose the censorship provisions.
   If you are a representative of an organization that would like to
   signon to this letter, you should contact jlesser at pfaw.org IMMEDIATELY. 4. We can't suggest relaxing at this point.  The stakes are too high, and
   the risk is too great.  Everything now hangs in the balance.
THE LETTER FROM ED MEESE AND THE CHRISTIAN RIGHT
October 16, 1995
The Honorable Thomas J. Bliley, Jr.  Chairman
Committee on Commerce
United States House of Representatives
Washington, DC 20515
The Honorable Larry Pressler, Chairman
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation
United States Senate
Washington, DC 20510
Re: Computer Pornography Provisions in Telecommunications Bill
Dear Mr. Chairmen:
We are writing to urge the conference committee seeking to reconcile the
telecommunications bills passed by the House and Senate include in the
final bill the strongest possible criminal law provisions to address the
growing and immediate problem of computer pornography without any
exemptions, defenses, or political favors of any kind accorded to those
who knowingly participate in the distribution of obscenity to anyone or
indecency to children. While there is no perfect solution to the problem
of computer pornography, Congress could not hope to solve this problem by
holding liable only some who are responsible for the problem.
The recent Justice Department prosecution project targeting those who
violated federal child pornography law using America On-Line is
instructive in this regard. More than ninety individuals were targeted for
prosecution although many others, perhaps as many as 3,000 according to
one press report, were originally targeted by the Department of Justice as
potential violators of child pornography laws. Apparently due to a
shortage of investigative and prosecutorial resources, the project was
limited. Since there are insufficient resources to investigate and
prosecute but a fraction of those that are trafficking in child
pornography by computer, then there will likely be even fewer resources
available to investigate and prosecute those involved in obscenity and
Thousands of individuals both in this country and abroad are regularly
placing obscenity and indecency on the Internet. It is not possible to
make anything more than a dent in the serious problem of computer
pornography if Congress is willing to hold liable only those who place
such material on the Internet while at the same time giving legal
exemptions or defenses to service or access providers who profit from and
are instrumental to the distribution of such material. The Justice
Department normally targest the major offenders of laws. In obscenity
cases prosecuted to date, it has targeted large companies which have been
responsible for the nationwide distribution of obscenity and who have made
large profits by violating federal laws. Prosecution of such companies has
made a substantial impact in curbing the distribution of obscenity, with
many such offenders going out of business altogether. So too will
prosecution of access providers which _knowingly_ traffic in obscenity
have a substantial impact, a far greater impact than just the prosecution
of a person who places one or a few prohibited images on the Internet.
Such a person could not traffic in pornography without the aid or
facilitation of the service or access providers. Indeed, if Congress
includes provisions protecting access or service providers in whatever
bill is finally passed, it is likely that most in this country who are
trafficking in indecency to children or obscenity would continue to do so
since the threat of prosecution would be minuscule, given the numbers of
those currently involved in this activity. It is also likely that those
outside our country who are engaged in these activities would continue to
do so since it would be nearly impossible to extradite them to the United
States for prosecution. Thus, unless all who knowingly participate in such
matters are subject to the law, the Internet will remain the same and
Congress will have failed in its responsibilities to the children and
families of America.
Federal law has traditionally assigned equal liability both for those who
commit a crime and those who aid and abet a crime. See Title 18 U.S.C.
Code Section 2: "(a) whoever [sic] commits an offense against the United
States or aids, abets, councils [sic], commands, induces, or procures its
commission, is punishable as a principle [sic]." Service or access
providers who knowingly participate in the distribution of indecency to
children or in obscenity to anyone are aiders and abettors in the
commission of those crimes and thus should have liability under any law
Congress passes. Current federal law on child pornography provides no no
exemption or defense for access providers. Thus, the child pornography law
provides a strong deterrent against trafficking in child pornography for
those who would otherwise knowingly participate in its distribution by
computer whether pedophile or access provider.
The changes in law which we support would not hold an access provider
criminally liable for all illegal pornography on the Internet which their
services may be used to obtain. Nor would it require that access providers
check all communications to ensure that no violations of the law are
occurring. They would simply be required to avoid knowing violations of
the law. This is an obligation imposed on all citizens. Technology exists
today for access providers, through a simple process, to target or flag
and remove files containing objectionable material.
We support the House-passed language insofar as it addresses obscenity by
amendment Title 18, Sections 1462, 1465, and 1467 of the United States
Code. The provision restricting transmission of indecency in the House-passed
bill, an amendment to Section 1465, is inadequate, and we urge that it be
substantially revised.
Attached is the specific language we support which includes the House
passed language on obscenity and includes revisions on both the House
passed language on indecency, which would amend Title 18 and the
Senate-passed language on indecency, which would amend Title 47. The
combination of these provisions, we believe, would provide effective laws
to curb obscenity and indecency on the Internet by establishing that all
who knowingly participate in the distribution or facilitation of obscenity
to anyone or indecency to children would be subject to the law.
Thank you for your concern and attention to this matter.
Edwin Meese III
Ralph Reed
Christian Coalition
Donald E. Wildmon
American Family Association
Alan Sears, Former Executive Director
Atty General's Commission on Pornography
Phyllis Shafly
Eagle Forum
Beverly LaHaye
Concerned Women for America
Reverend Louis P. Sheldon
Traditional Values Coalition
Jay Sekulow
American Center for Law and Justice
Paul Weyrich
Free Congress Foundation
Paul McGeady
Morality in Media
Len Munsil
National Family Legal Foundation
Robert Peters
Morality in Media
Kenneth Sukhia
Former United States Attorney, N.D., FL
Former Chairman, Atty General's Advisory Committee
Subcommittee on Child Exploitation and Obscenity
Section 1465 of Title 18, United States Code, is amended to punish
distribution by computer of indecent material to minors by adding at the
end the following:
Whoever knowingly communicates, transmits, or makes available for
communication or transmission, in or effecting interstate or foreign
commerce an indecent communication by computer to any person the
communicator or transmitter believes has not attained the age of 18 years
of age, knowing that such communication will be obtained by a person
believed to be under 18 years of age, shall be fined under this title or
imprisoned not more than five years, or both.
TITLE IV -- OBSCENE, HARASSING, AND WRONGFUL UTILIZATION OF
TELECOMMUNICATIONS FACILITY
SEC. 401. SHORT TITLE
         This title may be cited as the "Communications Decency Act of
Sec. 402. OBSCENE OR HARASSING USE OF TELECOMMUNICATIONS FACILITIES UNDER
THE COMMUNICATIONS ACT OF 1934
Section 223 (47 U.S.C. 223) is amended --
   (1) by striking subsection (a) and inserting in lieu of [sic]:
 ``(a) Whoever--
    ``(1) in the District of Columbia or in interstate or foreign
communications --
        ``(A) by means of telecommunications device knowingly--
          ``(i) makes, creates, or solicits, and
          ``(ii) initiates the transmission of,
     any comment, request, suggestion, proposal, image, or other
     communication which is obscene, lewd, lascivious, filthy, or
     indecent, with intent to annoy, abuse, threaten, or harass
     another person;
         ``(B) makes a telephone call or utilizes a
     telecommunications device, whether or not conversation or
     communication ensues, without disclosing his identity and
     with intent to annoy, abuse, threaten, or harass any person
     at the called number or who receives the communication;
         ``(C) makes or causes the telephone of another repeatedly
     or continuously to ring, with intent to harass any person at
     the called number; or
         ``(D) makes repeated telephone calls or repeatedly
     initiates communication with a telecommunications device,
     during which conversation or communication ensues, solely to
     harass any person at the called number or who receives the
     communication;
      ``(2) knowingly permits any telecommunications facility
     under his control to be used for any activity prohibited by
     paragraph (1) with the intent that it be used for
     such activity,
  shall be fined not more than $100,000 or imprisoned not more
  than two years, or both.''; and
   (2) by adding at the end the following new subsections:
 ``(d) Whoever--
       ``(1) knowingly within the United States or in foreign
     communications with the United States by means of
     telecommunications device makes or makes available any
     indecent communication in any form including any comment,
     request, suggestion, proposal, or image, to any person under
     18 years of age regardless of whether the
     maker of such communication placed the call or initiated the
     communication; or
       ``(2) knowingly permits any telecommunications facility
     under such person's control to be used for an activity
     prohibited by paragraph (1) with the intent that it be
     used for such activity,
  shall be fined not more than $100,000 or imprisoned not more
  than two years or both.
      ``(e) Defenses to subsections (a) and (d), restrictions on      access, judicial remedies respecting restrictions for
     persons providing information services and
     access to information services--
      "(1) It is a defense to prosecution that a person has complied
     with regulations designed to restrict access to indecent
     communications to those 18 years old or older as enacted by the
     Federal Communications Commission which shall prepare final      regulations within 120 days of the passage of this bill. Until
     such regulations become effective, it is a defense to
     prosecution that the person has blocked or restricted access
     to indecent communications to any person under 18 years
     of age through the use of verified credit card, adult access
     code, or adult personal identification number (PIN).        Nothing in this subsection shall be construed to treat
     enhanced information services as common carriage."
       "(2) No cause of action may be brought in any
     court or any administrative agency against any person on account
     of any activity which is not in violation of any law punishable
     by criminal or civil penalty, which activity the person has taken in
     good faith to implement a defense authorized under this section or
     otherwise to restrict or prevent the transmission of, or access to,
     a communication specified in this section.
     (f) Nothing in this subsection shall preclude any State or
     local government from enacting and enforcing laws and regulations
     which do not result in the imposition of inconsistent obligations on
     the provision of interstate services.  Nothing in this subsection
     shall preclude any State or local government from governing conduct
     not covered by subsection (d)(2)."
     (g) Nothing in subsection (a), (d), or (e) or in the
     defenses to prosecution under (e) shall be construed
     to affect or limit the application or enforcement of any other
     Federal law.
     (h) The use of the term 'telecommunications device' in this
     section shall not impose new obligations on (one-way) broadcast
     radio or (one-way) broadcast television operators licensed by the
     Commission or (one-way) cable services registered with the
     Federal Communications Commission and covered by obscenity and
     indecency provisions elsewhere in this Act.
Sec. 403. OBSCENE PROGRAMMING ON CABLE TELEVISION.
        Section 639 (47 U.S.C. 559) is amended by striking "10,000" and
inserting "$100,000"
Sec. 404. BROADCASTING OBSCENE LANGUAGE ON THE RADIO.
        Section 1466 of Title 18, United States Code, is amended by
striking out "$10,000" and inserting "$100,000".
Sec. 405 SEPARABILITY
        "(a) If any provision of this Title, including amendments to this
Title of [sic] the application thereof to any person or circumstance is
held invalid, the remainder of this Title and the application of such
provision to other persons or circumstances shall not be affected
CHRONOLOGY OF THE COMMUNICATIONS DECENCY ACT
Sep 26, '95	Sen. Russ Feingold urges committee members to drop
Aug  4, '95	House passes HR1555 which goes into conference with S652.
Aug  4, '95	House votes to attach Managers Amendment (which contains
Aug  4, '95	House votes 421-4 to attach HR1978 to Telecommunications
Jun 30, '95	Cox and Wyden introduce the "Internet Freedom and Family
Jun 21, '95     Several prominent House members publicly announce their
                opposition to the CDA, including Rep. Newt Gingrich (R-GA),
                Rep. Chris Cox (R-CA), and Rep. Ron Wyden (D-OR).
Jun 14, '95     The Senate passes the CDA as attached to the Telecomm
                reform bill (S 652) by a vote of 84-16.  The Leahy bill
                (S 714) is not passed.
May 24, '95     The House Telecomm Reform bill (HR 1555) leaves committee
                in the House with the Leahy alternative attached to it,
                thanks to Rep. Ron Klink of (D-PA).  The Communications
                Decency Act is not attached to it.
Apr  7, '95     Sen. Leahy (D-VT) introduces S.714, an alternative to
                the Exon/Gorton bill, which commissions the Dept. of
                Justice to study the problem to see if additional legislation
                (such as the CDA) is necessary.
Mar 23, '95     S314 amended and attached to the telecommunications reform
                bill by Sen. Gorton (R-WA).  Language provides some provider
                protection, but continues to infringe upon email privacy
                and free speech.
Feb 21, '95     HR1004 referred to the House Commerce and Judiciary
Feb 21, '95     HR1004 introduced by Rep. Johnson (D-SD)
Feb  1, '95     S314 referred to the Senate Commerce committee
Feb  1, '95     S314 introduced by Sen. Exon (D-NE) and Gorton (R-WA).
FOR MORE INFORMATION
Web Sites
        URL:
        URL:
        URL:
        URL:
FTP Archives         URL:ftp://ftp.cdt.org/pub/cdt/policy/freespeech/00-INDEX.FREESPEECH
        URL:ftp://ftp.eff.org/pub/Alerts/
Gopher Archives:
        URL:gopher://gopher.panix.com/11/vtw/exon
        URL:gopher://gopher.eff.org/11/Alerts
        vtw at vtw.org (put "send alert" in the subject line for the latest
        cda-info at cdt.org (General CDA information)
        cda-stat at cdt.org (Current status of the CDA)
LIST OF PARTICIPATING ORGANIZATIONS
In order to use the net more effectively, several organizations have
joined forces on a single Congressional net campaign to stop the
Communications Decency Act.
American Civil Liberties Union * American Communication Association *
American Council for the Arts * Arts & Technology Society * Association
of Alternative Newsweeklies * biancaTroll productions * Boston
Coalition for Freedom of Expression * Californians Against Censorship
Together * Center For Democracy And Technology * Centre for Democratic
Communications * Center for Public Representation * Citizen's Voice -
New Zealand * Cloud 9 Internet *Computer Communicators Association *
Computel Network Services * Computer Professionals for Social
Responsibility * Cross Connection * Cyber-Rights Campaign * CyberQueer
Lounge * Dutch Digital Citizens' Movement * ECHO Communications Group,
Inc. * Electronic Frontier Canada * Electronic Frontier Foundation *
Electronic Frontier Foundation - Austin * Electronic Frontiers
Australia * Electronic Frontiers Houston * Electronic Frontiers New
Hampshire * Electronic Privacy Information Center * Feminists For Free
Expression * First Amendment Teach-In * Florida Coalition Against
Censorship * FranceCom, Inc. Web Advertising Services * Friendly
Anti-Censorship Taskforce for Students * Hands Off!  The Net * Inland
Book Company * Inner Circle Technologies, Inc. * Inst. for Global
Communications * Internet On-Ramp, Inc. * Internet Users Consortium *
Joint Artists' and Music Promotions Political Action Committee * The
Libertarian Party * Marijuana Policy Project * Metropolitan Data
Networks Ltd. * MindVox * MN Grassroots Party * National Bicycle
Greenway * National Campaign for Freedom of Expression * National
Coalition Against Censorship * National Gay and Lesbian Task Force *
National Public Telecomputing Network * National Writers Union * Oregon
Coast RISC * Panix Public Access Internet * People for the American Way
* Republican Liberty Caucus * Rock Out Censorship * Society for
Electronic Access * The Thing International BBS Network * The WELL *
Voters Telecommunications Watch
(Note: All 'Electronic Frontier' organizations are independent entities,
 not EFF chapters or divisions.)
