
@_date: 2000-11-06 17:21:00
@_author: Adam Back 
@_subject: CDR: Re: PipeNet protocol 
Adam Shostack made the comment about insufficiency of padding in
PipeNet you're referring to.
I discussed insufficiency of padding in the _freedom network_ as a
traffic analysis countermeasure in email with some folks who can speak
up if they wish.  This is because freedom does not use the synchronous
approach for performance reasons and hence some active attacks remain
even if you had end-to-end padding between client and exit node.
End-to-end padding in the PipeNet synchronous mix-net does appear to
be sufficient to provide good security against traffic analysis, but
it has the DoS vulnerability and performance problems we discussed in
the last pair of posts.
It seems to me that with the current internet TCP properties you would
have to distinguish network congestion from DoS attempts, which is not
generally possible.  Even if the Quality of Service (QoS) protocols
were implemented and widely deployed, people still put backhoes
through cables or have catastrophic equipment failures now and then.
I suppose you could have compensation or insurance from the QoS
enabled service provider and use that compensation to compensate you
for the loss of the anonymity network good behavior bond.
Well if we look at the problem there are three properties we desire
the system to have:
1. high security (idealised resistance to traffic analysis)
2. performance (reasonable performance which doesn't degrade as the
   network grows)
3. DoS resistance (reasonable resistance to DoS -- DoS or network
   outages should be local and not take out the entire network)
It seems to me that we can have at most 2 of those.
PipeNet provides 1, but not 2 or 3.  Freedom provides 2 and 3, but is
vulnerable to some active atacks even with end-to-end link padding.
The other thing we could do is move content inside the network -- much
of the traffic analysis material comes from the fact the exit traffic
is in the clear.  For example if many web servers supported
connections from the freedom cloud using freedom protocol, and nodes
in the network did per hop padding using a modified PipeNet scheduling
algorithm where you would try to use PipeNet scheduling, but instead
of delaying, if a packet didn't arrive in time, you would send some
cover instead on a hop by hop basis.  Then you package this thing as
an accompanying apache server and encourage lots of people to run it.
That coincidentally sounds quite similar to what I described above.
However it doesn't seem you gain much from the recipient knowing who
the sender is, beyond the change in definition allowing you to define
that the class of attacks that require compromise of the recipient
moot.  The main difference which appears to help is that the recipient
is part of the network, and can be relied upon to run software.

@_date: 2000-10-31 23:07:51
@_author: Adam Back 
@_subject: CDR: ZKS "Smart Privacy Policies" 
This is referring to me right -- as I was involved in the big fight
about NAI's corporate message key escrow proposal?
Disclaimer: note I work for ZKS now, below are my personal opinions.
It's not key escrow, and it's not building tools for key escrow.
Yeah but the company's goal should be to satisfy users that there is a
reason to trust the solution, and ZKS has brand recognition for
building "trust no-one" (or at least distributed trust) solutions.
I agree with this argument.  I wrote up some GAK-resistant design
principles during the NAI/PGP key escrow argument
( in an attempt to get
people thinking about the social implications of protocols they write
