
@_date: 1997-08-09 03:14:41
@_author: David D.W. Downey 
@_subject: The BIG Lie (Jesus Confesses) 
You know, you are just about the biggest idiot I have ever had the
displeasure of reading. For one, the largest religion in the US right
now *is* in fact judeo-christian. The largest is Roman Catholic with
Pentacostal Protestant following right behind. Next, this country was
founded on christian beliefs, or have you failed to read the words of
the constitution of the US. Considering the apparent ignorance you have
displayed thus far about the makeup of the US, I would venture to say
that you probably have not read it. Next, you attack christians for
trying to control the content made available on the internet. At least
the site ratings plan is better than alot of other plans I have seen.
Besides, Oh Godlike TruthMonger, where is *your* surefire plan to halt
the spread of trash that *most* humans would want out of of the reach of
their children? I have not seen you *once* offer a straightforward clear
cut plan to efficiently handle *any* issue placed for discussion on this
listserv. I have seen you do nothing but slam, belittle, and degrade
others and their beliefs and ideas. You do this under the unimpressive
tag of "TruthMonger". If anything, you are anything but a TruthMonger.
When you can come up with a plan that even *remotely* seems like a
logically thought out, planned, and intelligent proposal on how to
handle the issues presented everyday on the internet that affect the
computing industry balanced with a concern for the children, then I will
listen. (And yes, I do agree that the parents of the children have an
obligation to monitor the content they are exposed to. It's called
responsible parenting which unfortunately is not a well practiced
ideology. And to take the wind out of your sales, I have 2 children and
as a parent I limit them to what is appropriate to their ages.) Until
such time as you can fulfill the obligations to us, the adult computing
population, and our offspring, the children (just in case your fuddled
mind does not know what they are), I suggest you rest those busy little
fingers of yours and listen to the underlying theme of the issues before
us. Until then, HateMonger, I have one suggestion for you..... Shut Up!

@_date: 1997-08-09 12:25:58
@_author: David D.W. Downey 
@_subject: The BIG Lie (Jesus Confesses) 
Judeo- Christian is a subsect of Christianity in it's generic form.
(Both my parents are ministers, and this has been drilled into my head.)
1) I am not forcing my beliefs down *anyone's* throat. I do not seek to
control but to inform. As to the constitution, I served 8 years in the
military so I have a pretty good idea of what it does and does not mean.
I do not advocate internet control to the point of demanding that site
rankings or any such become mandatory. I do however agree that if we can
not police ourselves then this should be a warning that others may do it
for us. When the Protestants (originally the Quakers), came here, you
are correct in why they did come here, yet they also agreed among
themselves to police their actions themselves. This is something we are
failing to do. We are allowing stuff that children need not to see at
certain ages to proliferate all in the name of "If we don't allow this
freedom of expression to take place, it sends a signal that *all*
freedoms are up for grabs." That is simply not true. What is being
proposed is that a little common decency be exerted. After all, these
are children we are talking about. They do not have the capacities that
we do to process all information relating to certain issues. We have
experiences on our side that children do not, just through sheer lack on
their part of numbers of years on this planet. I mean are you really
suggesting that a child has the cognative abilities, at say the age of
6, to understand and make an informed opinion about sex with an older
person? I hope not! I mean, let's be realistic here. We have knowledge
gained thru living that children do not. I am in no way suggesting that
we blindly stuff all things remotely offensive off the net. I am saying
let us be responsible enough to give this information to our children in
doses they can handle. And yes, I will be the judge of what I feel my
children can handle. What is so wrong with adults putting a statement on
their sites that say, Hey parents, there *may* be info here that you
might want to be aware of for the kids' sakes.?
No, what I am saying is that if he doesn't like what has been proposed
to suggest an alternative in an adult fashion. I don't see how slamming
and belittling helps discussions.
Not true. I will never agree with what our government proposes. In fact
I have an entire website dedicated to going *against* what the current
government proposes. I do not believe in the taking away of rights or
the forcing of a country's people to *have* to do half of what the
American government proposes. What I do suggest is that we, as a
community, need to look to ways that we can balance these issues out in
a manner that is agreeable to all involved. Inflammatory attacks,
degradation of someone based on cultural or religious beliefs has no
place in the discussions. The only reason I flamed at TruthMonger is
because I have only seen postings from that person that violates that
very critical issue. Everyone has the right to their opionions right,
wrong or otherwise. I just got sick of hearing him flame everyone with a
contrary view. And he seems to do this under the suggested banner of
truth. That I do not agree with. I don't condemn him for his views. They
are just as important as mine. I condemn his actions in slamming others
for not agreeing with *him*!
There is a difference between warping their views and ensuring that they
are mentally able to engage themselves in these issues. The issues that
befall each of us require an ability to see deeper into the causes,
actions and reactions of those with whom we interact. We have many
things, as adults, that we can bring to the tables of rationality and
discussion due to the fact that we learned through prior experiences.
Each and every one of us have sought guidance on any myriad of issues.
We are leaving a confusing mess for the next generation. I am just
saying that we may need to band together to give all of us some sort of
cue card as to what issues may be faced at various stops along the way
as we ride the information highway.
I will grant that there are some out there that advocate the taking away
of rights. I am not one of them. I have bullet holes in me because I am
willing to put my life on the line for freedom and rights. I don't agree
with alot of what hardliners have to say. But they also have a say in
this. I will defend my rights and the rights and freedoms of others with
my last breath if need be. All I am saying is that there is a
constructive way to do things. Let's do it that way. I am no stranger to
being a politician's trump card to be played when all else fails to get
folks to listen at the talk tables. That is the very nature of
soldiering. Yet,  I also am not afraid to turn what I learned from them
against them if they should so force that issue. In short, yes, I will
use violence if *all* else fails to get them to listen to reason. But
that is after exhausting all other avenues of approach. The reason I
slammed "TruthMonger", is because I have yet to hear anything from him
other than pure rhetoric and inflamation. I am willing to listen to what
he has to say. Provided that he at least has some meat to his words, not
libel and slander. These solve nothing, and contribute even less.
Everyone is entitled to their own opinion. If you feel that I am a
HateMonger, you are entitled to that opinion. I am entitled to my
opinion that TruthMonger is anything but a TruthMonger, but is a
HateMonger. I will defend both your and mine opinions. I believe in the
ability to agree to disagree. I agree. I may have been hotheaded and
gone too far in my last email. For that I will apologize, both to
members of this list, as well as TruthMonger. I will not apologize for
my opinion of him.

@_date: 1997-08-09 13:21:43
@_author: David D.W. Downey 
@_subject: The BIG Lie (Jesus Confesses) 
Before we go on with this, let me just say that I disagree with alot of
the "christianity" presented in today's world. I go to no church, for
which my parents do indoubtably lament emensely. (They are both
ministers. Ironic) I am open to many different views. My best friend in
the world is buhdist(sp?) and I heavily study martial arts, in which I
excell only because of my study of the culture and religous background
involved with martial arts. I am the *farthest* person from advocating
or backing many of the suggested plans of the christian community in
dealing with these issues.
You are correct, I was merely responding to his statement.
To show how much this country *was* in fact based upon Christianity, one
has only to look at our money. "In *God* we trust. Also, the majority of
our founding fathers were in fact christians. Yet they correctly
surmised that plans needed to be made and coopertive efforts begun
between all the people in order for harmonious living to be even a
remote possibility.
Yes, yet also that ruling came into existence *long* after the
constitution had been designed, ratified, and accepted by the original
colonists. And this was passed after the Church became far too powerful,
and a few tried to influence the whole via a emensely powerful political
base. (We can thank the Roman Catholic church for the necessity of this
They did an *excellent* job. I fought to ensure that the work they did,
did not come undone in our time. (I am sorry, I can not go into
specifics.) Also, they were correct in trying to keep the English form
of government out of the new country. Unfortunately, I doubt if any of
them would be happy with the government of today, as many of the spirits
residing within the wording of the constitution are blatently violated
on an everyday basis by our current government. I am sure many would be
down right pissed at what is taking place today!
I do not know how to correctly word my thoughts on that statement so I
will decline for the moment. You seem to think that I am one of the
christian members who thinks that anything even remotely repulsive or
offbeat should be expunged from the net. You could not be more wrong.
But I do not know the words to explain what I feel and think on this
issue. Or at least in a way that would not come out wrong.
I agree that that is one of the things needed. Responsible parenting. I
don't want mine doing that either. I guess what I am saying is that, for
those parents that do not do that, don't we have an obligation to at
least think of those children that do *not* have that? I mean, don't we
at least have the moral obligation to *not* take the stance of "Fuck
them!"? I care for all children, not just my own. These children are
going to take the reins of this world from *us*. They will either
contribute to this world or detract from it. I'm suggesting that we come
together to responsibly teach them about the world around them. It is
big, complex, and scary, even for adults. Let's not just throw them to
the wolves and say "Fend for yourselves." There are some things that
have the major potential to be harmful to a child's psyche out on the
net and in real life. No, let's not ban things just because they are
offensive to some. I do suggest that some things have no place either in
cyberspace or the real world. Why? Because society in general has agreed
that these things are an affront to the community as a whole. Either
locally or globally. Take NAMBLA (National Man/Boy Lovers Association),
who feel that a 5 year old child is capable of making an informed
decision on whether it is OK for him (the child) to have sex with an
older man. 5 YEARS OLD!!??!!?? I don't think so. And neither does a
*majority* of the world population! These types of things are policed by
law enforcement agencies on and off the net, majoratively, by the
general public across the globe. *These* issues are the ones that I
would ban. Yes, if that violates the rights and freedoms of a few, then
yes. I would do it, for the good of the majority. I'm not talking about
pissing in a cup and putting a cross in it and then calling it art.
These issues are mundane compared to issues like NAMBLA. I don't agree
that it is art, but I don't advocate denying them the right to do so.
I never said it was my job. I would use my best judgement in the event
of your absence, but when you are available it is definitely your
I agree wholeheartedly and would testify to such at your trial. Yet,
then the question becomes one of: If you feel that way about the streets
of NY and the like, then why the  difference of opinion about the
internet? Is it because it is a virtual place? You think of physical
damage to the child. Ideas and mental damage have far longer, and
deeper, lasting effects than most physical injuries. Once again we are in agreeance.
Yet again we agree.
Yes it is, yet more and more children are gaining access to the net
everyday. One major contributing factor to this is the use of computers
in school, of which I am a major advocate.
I never suggested that we sanatize the net into that.
If the songs are about expression then, no. Don't ban them. But if they
advocate the killing of cops or how great it is to be a gangster and
shoot other people like Vanilla Ice and Snoop Doggy Dog did, then yes. I
say ban them. Why? They violate the very principles of life... life is
sacred, and it's they only one we got.
There is a major difference bewteen rating a site and completely banning
a site due to it's rating in that system. No organization has the right
to make the decision for me about whether or not I can have access to
that site even if it falls into the "filth" rating. That is *my* choice
and decision to make not theirs'. Therein lies the problem, not in the
rating system itself. The problem develops when these groups tell me I
can not access them. Their rating system, my choices.
Define your idea of thoughtcrime and we'll see just how much we really
LOL, not *even* going to waste time on *that* statement!

@_date: 1997-08-09 13:24:04
@_author: David D.W. Downey 
@_subject: [Fwd: [Fwd: Virus Warning]][Fwd: Virus Warning] 
An embedded message was scrubbed...
Size: 1155
URL:

@_date: 1997-08-09 17:43:49
@_author: David D.W. Downey 
@_subject: [Fwd: Virus Warning]] 
Lynne is most definitely correct. In order for a viral infection to take
place, execution of the attached file first take place. Even malicious
MS Word and likeminded word processing macros must inevitably execute a
binary file. This message was forwarded to me via an ISP Viral Alert
program. I apologize for not including the fact of program execution as
being the actual infecting point. To all those familiar and  unfamiliar
with the way virii operate, please accept my sincere apologies.

@_date: 1997-08-10 13:38:24
@_author: David D.W. Downey 
@_subject: The BIG Lie (Jesus Confesses) 
You know you have made alot of assumptions about me that are neither
warranted nor given basis for existing from my posting. You are just as
guilty as I am on assumptions. So before *you* get all high and mighty,
figure out first if that is *actually* who I am. Don't use me as a
scapegoat that you can use to expound *your* particular beliefs about,
just as you take offense at some of the assumptions I made regarding
TruthMonger. I do not advocate anything but my own personal thoughts on
matters. Neither do I walk *any* party line. (In fact I am registered as
independant so that I am forced to be impartial on issues as I am then
not stuck with any one parties beliefs. This little flare of temper on
my part though does show me one thing at least. There are *many* here
that do just the same type of lumping as they accuse me of. Hmm, I
forgot. Everyone is perfect, therefore this post is not real and neither
are you as in a perfect world there would be no need for me to have this
discussion. In that case, I bid you an unreal goodnight.

@_date: 1997-08-11 04:38:11
@_author: David D.W. Downey 
@_subject: The BIG Lie (Jesus Confesses) 
Whatever. So, evcen though I am not a fundie, I must say this in their
defense. So it's ok for you to bash the fundies, but not for them to
bash you. Hmm, who ever said turn-about is fair play must not have read
*your* rule book.
Yes Mr. English teacher, sir. If how I write or type instead of the
content contained within shall be the basis of my losership, then there
is something wrong with the reader not the writer. (Besides, I use
Netscape under Linux 3.3 and there seems to be a problem with the
keyboard map. I've noticed it myself when I have read my own postbacks.
The message structure comes out differently than what I typed it in as.
It will take some time to track down the incorrect amappings. Please be
patient folks, and I will fix the  grammatical errors of my ways.)

@_date: 1997-08-11 08:49:07
@_author: David D.W. Downey 
@_subject: A peculiar notion 
me seriously consider rethinking what I have been taught. I've studied
quite a bit in regards to US law and the Consitution, (made necessary by
my being Pro-PGP), and never looked in that direction. Your post adds a
very different light to things.  I took the liberty of forwarding your
post to a few of my old teachers, and they said that even they had not
looked at history from that point. Thank you for the push.

@_date: 1997-08-11 20:11:52
@_author: David D.W. Downey 
@_subject: Dr. McVeigh / Re: A peculiar notion 
Dman, can't someone just tell folks they liked what they read in
whatever manner they choose? Starting to think that no one can do
anything right.

@_date: 1997-08-13 17:21:00
@_author: David D. W. Downey 
@_subject: Eternity Uncensorable? 
The Feds will undoubtably attempt to procecute, but the way the federal law re
ads, ABCD Company must have some sort of knowledge in their possesion that conspirato
rs C and D
were actually planning something criminal. Without that knowledge, the governmen
t can not prove the technicals needed for a conviction.    Scenario: Say the conspirators committed a murder.  Malice Afore-thought is crucial to a premeditated murder conviction. The conspirators could be convicted of premeditated murder because they showed m
alice aforethought when they purchased and used the weapons involved in the killing.    Now, ABCD Company can not be charged with premeditated murder as they did not
 take part in the actual killing. That leaves aiding and abetting, and co-conspiring to com
mit a felony (aka the premeditiated murder.) ABCD Company would lose if they had culpa
ble knowledge
 1) what the contents of the packages were, and 2) what the conspirators were pl
anning.     But the Feds would be unable to show malice aforethought on the part of ABCD
Company, thereby blowing the co-conspirator charge out the window. In addition, culpable knowledge would not be proven because they did not know the contents of the pack
ages, thereby blowing the aiding and abetting charges out the window. The Feds' case w
ould hinge upon the requirement that ABCD Company know the contents of anything moving thro
ugh their
 buisiness. Since their business is legally based upon anonymous mailing abiliti
es, they can basically tell the government to go blow up a battleship for all the chances
 the Feds have of winning.>

@_date: 1997-08-13 17:42:39
@_author: David D. W. Downey 
@_subject: Discussion Topic (Re: The BIG Lie (Jesus Confesses)) 
Even I am sick of this thread. I made an error in judgement in replying to a
 letter. I have apologized publicly to all invloved and yet this thread *still* continues
. How about we get back to the subject this list was designed for? Here, I'll even start.
     Under PGP 2.63, you are able to generate 2048 bit keys. Now, from everythin
g that I have read, it should be impossible to break these keys even use of a Cray computer. (Estima
tes os to cost were roughly in the neighborhood of .30 cents a minute, and approximately 1.8 years p
 time if done with a Cray. My question is this. Are there any known attacks that
 have yielded success against that level of encryption without the plaintext being kno
wn under PGP?
     Also, does anyone know if the 4098 bit keys under PGP 5.0 are stronger or w
eaker? I noticed that the alogrythm has been changed as well as the LIB used. (THe MIT version us
es the RSALIB and the international version uses the MPLIB). It is the number of bits used that throws
 me. If the 2048 bit keys are unbreakable from 63, then why the need for 4098 bits no
w, unless there is a good chance that the bit level is close to being broken if not broken already. That w
ould jump the computing time and cost out of this world, considering that the cost jumps expon
entially per *bit*!
    Anyone have an answer? Are the 2048 bit keys under 2.63 breakable at  by the
 US Government or other such entities? Are my technical ideas behind my question correct, or do I have t
hem all wrong?
 Any point in the right direction will be welcome. Thanks.

@_date: 1997-08-13 20:20:08
@_author: David D.W. Downey 
@_subject: Mail Program is screwey, sorry 
I apologize for the remail of the Eternity uncensorable post. I have
recently switched Linux versions and the mail program is a little bit
screwy. This one was mailed via Netscape for Linux. (Which itself is a
little screwy.) It does not send the message in the same format that it
displays on screen, as well as reposting the replied to message. I will
fix it as soon as possible. For now there may be one or two thers that
come through like this. Plese forgive them.

@_date: 1997-07-23 21:35:59
@_author: CST Administration Dept 
@_subject: Jim Bell Docket 3 
>Consider that everyone in the case is supported by the tax-extortion Jim
When doesn't the government get big bucks? I mean look at what they did to
us soldiers? Congress gave themselves a 6.8% payraise in 1 (one) year, and
gave us a 2.6% pay raise spread across 3 (three)!
We all know that the very seeds of civil rebellion that fueled the civil war
and others of that caliber across the globe are now present in the U.S once
again. Believe you me, they will reap what they sow. They caused it. They
can deal with it. The only thing I have to say to them is.. "Don't expect me
to help clean it up. I will not fire on my fellow countrymen, except in the
defense of my family!"  So, don't worry. Their day is coming, far quicker
than they realize.

@_date: 1997-07-24 15:45:07
@_author: CST Administration Dept 
@_subject: I have had ENOUGH of this government bullshit!! 
Screw this. I have finally blown my stack over this bullshit governmental
crap. From this oint forward, I fully and completely make available, IN THE
U.S, the International version of PGP 2.63.ix.
If there are any cops, Feds, Spies, wops, spics, gigaboos, alternate
lifestyles, punks, crackers, crackheads, whatever other name calling terms,
I left out,    want to stop me --- TRY!!!! This is bullshit people! We have
the inalieable right to full and total screcy, privacy, and personal
protection of whatever  * W E *  determine to be private information. The
government has gotten out of hand with this shit. If you are a member of the
F.B.I, C.I.A, S.S, N.S.A, X.Y.Z community and you don't like this action,
show up at my doorstep guns drawn. Cause you show up at MY door step, you'll
need them! That I promise!
To download the International version of PGP 2.93.ix within the U.S borders,
go here-------->> ftp://ftp.cyberspacetechnologies.com/pub/pgp/pgp263ix.zip
  Here is my homepage, You can find anything you wnat about Cyrptography, General Encryption
Information, PGP, Anonymous Remailing, PGP and Cryptography Newsgroups, and
chat real time with folks from here. If you Feds don't want people like me
making shit like this avaliable, then come get me. (Excuse the rant folks,
but this shit is REALLY pissing me off!) McCain, take your Secured Public
Networks Act and shut it up your ass!
I'm done.

@_date: 1997-07-24 16:38:47
@_author: CST Administration Dept 
@_subject: I have had ENOUGH of this government bullshit!! 
That is true, but with the MIT setup, you have to certify that you are a US
citizen and that you won't export it. Also, there are lots of folks who have
trouble with the overseas downloads. I just plan on making it available for
those in the US that want an independent site with out all the rig an
mirole.  Besides, I guesss this is just my own way of showing MY government
who I worked for for 8 years that I won't take it anymore. This is my way of
firmly placing myself in the Pro-Encryption camp. That means that their
enemies are mine now. And if the government wants to be my enemy, then it is
their choice. I served 8 years in the Army protecting our interests. One of
them was our Consitution and our Bill of Rights. This is ALSO my my of
letting them know that I will not tolerate them walking all over those core
items anymore without a fight.
