
@_date: 2001-04-01 14:31:24
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: CCL (Crypto Carrying License) 
Declan said:
Agree. I was just asking if there was any evidence that tech security
licensing was the intent.
Agree. And furthermore, you should erase all thoughts of this from their
minds. Especially since many of the best consultants have dark pasts. Yes, I
think you should be concerned. Crypto and "magickal knowledge" is a threat.
Be afraid, be very afraid...
Erroneous assumptions. I don't even like protection licenses in the states.
I understand the reasons for them, and think these reasons are valid, but
the "license" is no indication of ability. Indeed, some of the very best....
I'm most violently against any licensing scheme of the sort, and THIS ONE IN
PARTICULAR. Ya'll keep dialing the wrong damn number with me. I'm starting
to get miffed about it. Go beat your chest somewhere else, Declan. :)

@_date: 2001-04-01 15:56:29
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: CCL (Crypto Carrying License) 
KING CHEST-BEATER said:
Loaded/provocative questions get better answers. I bet you know that,
I was referring to snips landing in my inbox on this issue, ..."which my
original message did not say."
Declan, debating *peck!* with you is like...*peck!-peck!* death by *peck!* a
dive-bombing Mockingbird. *peck!-peck!-peck!* Gets annoying, sometimes.
*peck!-peck!-peck!* Really. *peck!* You just break the skin. *peck!* Come
back as *peck!* something that bites. *peck!* It's cruel.
Wrong number again. This time, you are dialing the wrong damn country code.
Declan, curl up around my little finger... while there's still room.

@_date: 2001-04-02 22:18:34
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: Declan McCullagh and prosecutions 
Seth said:
You've got a sympathant reporter that knows his beat. Also, he's protective,
and that's a lot more than you might get elsewhere. Most big "investigative"
full-teeth news orgs roll over as a matter of practice, and wouldn't offer
you any level of source protection. (I previously posted an outline for a
reporter-source agreement, but it's not much help in a criminal context.) If
this was another reporter, there probably wouldn't be a fight here. It's not
Declan's fault that press shields have been shot full of holes. I know some
reporters that have fought these fights... some have trouble finding work...
all are nervous near federal all-terrain vehicles.
Nevertheless, Seth, your post is illustrative. The erosion of press shields
in this country only serve to *keep information away* from the general
public and authorities. On balance, I wonder if it might cost them more than
they gain from it. When discontents stop talking to reporters, the
government is in the dark until ..."KABOOOM!"
Another way to draw attention to oneself, or one's cause, is to talk to
reporters. Sadly, many "could be dangerous people" are reluctant to do that
now. A trusted in-the-know reporter can serve an important educational role
to the LEA and the public, who sometimes "misunderstand" collective groups
of individuals. This educational role can be in the interests of all
parties, and need not involve testimony, prosecutorial acts, or finking.
Just judicially unfettered newsgathering and reporting. The press is an
intermediary in public dialogue. Our changing demographics and pockets of
discontent seem to make for stronger arguments for press shields, not weaker
The comments of May, Finkelstein, et. al. seem to support this proposition.
Off soapbox,

@_date: 2001-04-04 02:10:44
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: Libertarian Party of Washington State Fed Infiltration | 
For cause-related groups, external and internal discreditation initiatives
are better strategies than an "informant." (In some respects, an "informant"
can be a GOOD THING.)
External: false attribution, mischaracterization.
Internal: breeding internal conflict by making you *think* you have an
informant; getting people to advocate unpopular agendas, seeding disinterest
and discord, yaddah-yaddah.
The one thing you DON'T want to do is encourage individual vigilantism
"unmasking" and unfounded paranoia. It is destructive, and _every_
consultant will tell you the same thing I am. Groups are encouraged to
develop a STRUCTURED PNG-protocol, so as not to fall for psyop BS. Most of
the work here came out of the experiences of civil rights groups in the 60s.
I assume the meatspace crowd has a cointell protocol and keeps things in
hand. *she says as she rolls her eyes at select individuals*
Right now the government is busily hunting "art students."

@_date: 2001-04-05 01:07:17
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: Did you ever notice?... 
[has to be a better solution to all this "who wrote" stuff.]
I was coming from the giggle whereby he had SEVERAL different lawyers review
his plan, and it only cost him a FEW HUNDRED BUCKS. Clue.

@_date: 2001-04-05 01:30:20
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: Libertarian Party of Washington State Fed Infiltration |  
I believe certain pros call that the "naturally stupid asshole" (NSA)
Choate and Sandy cracked me up, don't get mad, Mr. Donald. Your comments are
valid, and yes, adversarial groups use the same tactics. :)

@_date: 2001-04-05 20:26:43
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: Jeff Gordon, Usenet, and the cypherpunks mailing list 
Declan said:
Cypherpunks is a *heavy* open source intelligence proposition.
"Broad daylight" is actually valid CI strategy since certain bodies seem
mainly to be interested in all things secret... stuck in pre-information age
intelligence strategies (channeling Steele). Being "ultra-secret" is a damn
bad idea if you're trying avoid unwarranted and hypersensitive attention. A
*very* smart call in the beginning, I think. There is something to be said
about standing in an open field.
Still, seems like you could "do some things" -- at least to avoid undue &
unfair mischaracterization. I really don't want to be associated with the
"help-me-make-bombz/hack/hurt" troll people. (I realize opinions differ,
okay.) I also think the archives are very rich. [FN1]
Meek sheeple opinion. Baaa.
[1.] You could do remote Meyer-Briggs in there.

@_date: 2001-04-08 14:26:09
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: Cypherpunks asked to help ICC with strong crypto 
A one Nomen said:
Before you support the ICC - know that there is substantial opposition to
this entity, indeed the US was among the last 2 signatories - Clinton signed
on his way out (along with Israel, I think.). Many of you have strong
feelings in regard to the US Constitution, sovereignty, and nation-states. A
copy of my original post of 2/19/01 is below.
Links for information and investigation:
 (pro ICC)
 (con ICC)
My personal opinion: neither side has adequately responded to my concerns.
In fact, both sides seem overly emotionally charged... as it always is.
However, the ICC CLEARLY bears the burden of persuasion.
[1] Please send the international immunity pass so I can add this mythical
beast to my form bank.
[2] Heh. You might not make the friends you think. While international human
rights is among one of the most worthwhile endeavors, many members of the
executive branch, legislative branch and most notably - US intelligence
communities and US Military are VIOLENTLY opposed to the ICC. On the other
hand, a number of respected human rights groups that I support are violently
in favor of the ICC. So is the American Bar Association, I believe. And,
nobody likes the bad guys.
Obviously, Dave is a good guy, fighting bad guys is a good cause, I do think
the ICC has something to say for itself. I certainly do not support "mass
rapists" and other sick ilk and I think bringing them to justice is a worthy
cause. However, I find "world justice" a problematic concept in practice. I
think the role of the sovereign is to stand between YOU and other
sovereigns, and that war and conflict is always bloody, sick, and never
gentlemanly. I fear the use of treaty-power, and I think it has been
overextended to reach individuals and deny them the protections and rights
of their sovereign.
My previous post, edited for clarity:
 ... according to some people's opinions of the International
Criminal Court. Many say we will be yielding our sovereignty, our
Constitution, and our procedural protections to this Court. (ICC advocates,
on the other hand, are quick to point out concord between the ICC and the US
Constitution:  .)
The ICC is an international court, judging _individuals_, not nation-states,
in regard to:
"the crime of genocide; crimes against humanity; war crimes; and the crime
of aggression." Many have expressed concern over subsequent extensions of
the Court's subject matter jurisdiction.
One commentator stated that even
if a nation is not a party to the Rome Statute, the ICC can still
investigate a crime within that nation according to ICC rules. [I haven't
read all the documentation, and I'm not about to, so I can't say about such
I invite, acknowledge, and appreciate opposing viewpoints. I admit my fears
in this regard are slippery-slope, but who says this couldn't move into
datacrime/cybercrime, I've already got the cybercrime treaty and
cyberterrorism/INFOWAR is considered an act of aggression everywhere I know.
The UN is a secret court and they strangle press and free speech rights. I
balk at the thought of somebody ripping a fellow-American out of the US
Constitution and imposing their notions of justice, procedure, investigation
and discovery processes, no matter what precedents have been set in this
area. IMHO, the ICC goes too far. That is a political entity.
Is that an American-centric view? YES.
Am I willing to compromise it to catch the worst evils on earth? NO. I've
seen the pictures of horror, I am still unwilling to negotiate away the
constitutional rights of American citizens. You have the right to be judged
by a jury of your peers, not strangers from another country.
Until the ICC addresses these concerns, they can kiss my ass.

@_date: 2001-04-12 13:20:42
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: Cypherpunks, Feds, and Pudgyfaced Voyeurism 
Cypherpunks is an excellent practice ground for electronic HUMINT, email and
cyber profiling, cyberthreat assessment, and tech investigation.
Perhaps a more pragmatic reason: The increasing use of email profiling /
internet profiling as part of employment background checks and due diligence

@_date: 2001-04-13 13:51:23
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: Making the Agora Vanish | OSINT distributed haven 
Even though I'm PLUNKED, and he is currently on a lawyer-hate rampage...
Tim May said:
Ah, yes. The (illicit) "credit rating market."
Thank you for the "Dick & Jane" version. I may not be the smartest kid in
the class, but I am going to skip a grade, and address the value proposition
Mr. May is *really* talking about, although with a twist of legitimacy:
Found in my inbox:
We already have an OSINT prototype community.
the	> intelligence (COLD WAR) keep private||government apart.
"credit   > The private
rating    > intelligence market
market"---> is $300 billion. China, Israel, Germany, the Netherlands,
Norway, Russia,
Steele, March 23 Letter to President:
Agora, hm.
I find open source information banking/trading/merchant (whatever) systems
problematic propositions, beyond anonymous cash, especially viewed in light
of this hypothetical on a distributed open source intelligence
...How will you 	obtain critical mass and critical trust? ...Where is your
back-door, infosec accountability 	if you are nothing but digital wind?
...How do you set up a buy-sell marketplace for 	intelligence -- the value
of which cannot be determined prior to analysis, even where there 	is a
robust reputation capital metric in place? ...How do you enforce polycentric
merchant 	society rules in the context of an anonymous transactional system?
...Requirements for	admission?  ...Quality control? Reputational
systems?...What is your post-transactional 	enforcement mechanism? ...MUST
you have anon cash? (Just lotsa questions.)
On the other hand, take Steele's concept, turn it into an distributed ghosty
"INTELLAGORA" (?) to facilitate and tap these new public-private and
private-private transcontinental intelligence flows, attain critical mass,
and you would have an exceptional value proposition.
Nothing happens without a value proposition, and there is only one lucrative
"live" information market: the intelligence habit. Whoever gets in the
middle of this public<-->private intelligence collision stands to make
serious bank. There is no legacy system, so, if doable, it's load and
lock-in. In comparison, the likes of ZKS and MojoNation seem small
footsteps -- not just in terms of the potential market, but also in terms of
the opportunity for the mass incorporation of cypherpunk concepts.
(This is not "subversive" hypothetical. Western/Allied intelligence
communities would be the primary benefactors and contractors.)

@_date: 2001-04-14 14:59:15
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: Making the Agora Vanish | OSINT distributed haven    
I agree with you, I did not put forth my argument well, and I was lazy to
snip out context from several offlist conversations. And, you are correct,
it is difficult for me to make a compelling argument, due to the fact that I
am a far cry from an expert in this area. These are challenging concepts.
However, with respect, I did take on a mega-proposition for the application
of your concepts.
An appeal for a contract. I was trying to hypothesize a value proposition
for a legitimate application of these technologies. What you proposed, via a
"credit rating market," is an open source information mercantile system. I
was looking for a better market, which attaches high value to information:
intelligence. I wonder if these applications would find the most relevance
in the intelligence sector, despite thoughts of subversive applications. If
there is not a value proposition for an information marketplace between the
government and the private sector, there could be a value proposition within
the private sector intelligence channels, moving closer to your "credit
rating market" proposition.
We do have some most recent evidence of this.
However, Steele does have an interesting prototype community. Furthermore,
he has explored private sector opportunities as the intelligence community
restructures and privatizes.
But much strategically valuable information is not online. I said "NOT
ONLINE." The intelligence needed is in regard to third-world countries and
hotspots. This insight is damn sure not on the Net. I can't find the
intricacies in regard to [fill-in-the-blank] on the Net. There are some
things you can't mine. Even where you can, it's raw information, stale, and
not analysis. Furthermore, I would think this information is often of little
strategic value.
Yes. But when they get this information... "what does it mean?" They are
drowning in information that they can't make sense of. Any such an endeavor
would target information that is NOT SIPHONABLE AND OUTSIDE OF EXISTING
INTELLIGENCE FLOWS. The endeavor would tap the private intelligence sector,
developing nonexistent intelligence channels to tap private experts, agents,
analysts, primary sources, etc. - information available, but for a price.
Well, in the unlikely event the NSA and CIA folks are still around: They
need LESS noise - more private analysis and sourcepoint intelligence. The
problem with the US intelligence community, as seen by many, is that they
are over-focused on mass mining strategies and related technologies, and
need to re-focus on securing intelligence from the private sector.
Intelligence on resources, corporations, ETC. now that the Cold War is
That is an over-simplification, but yes. Intelligence is not headlines. To a
large extent, "what's happening" is not analyzed correctly, because the
intelligence community lacks sufficient expert analysis to cope with the
dataload. This capability is in the private sector. These information flows,
between the government sector and the private sector, are unmapped.
(I know I am just mouthing Steele's arguments, but I find them compelling.)
I'M TRYING.
Tim, I didn't expect you to make it all clear to me. (i.e., "Just lotsa
questions." Indeed, I have some answers, but thank you for the book recs.) I
was merely reflecting that anonymous cash is not a cure-all, and that it
might not even necessary for a highly sensitive information marketplace. I
was questioning the value proposition that you posed in the context of a
more sophisticated model -- an admittedly fantastical one. Finally, I
questioned if it was so fantastical, given Steele (et. al.) and thoughts of
functioning OSINT communities.
I can understand how conversations are frustrating for you, especially mine,
due to the level of my naiveti.
Still, you proffered an illicit "credit rating market" as a metaphor for an
information mercantile system tapping private, analytical intelligence --
intelligence that is not online, not siphonable or subject to mining, and
which lies outside legacy intelligence channels.
Is my value proposition so different than yours? I could argue that it
targets information of like character, in a like system, between parties of
like needs.
It remains to be seen if your "crypto-anarchy" can find a sustainable value
proposition. I was trying to envision one, usually necessary for somebody to
"do something." (This is your big bitch, no?)
You are a prickly, philosophical, violence-inclined prick tease that won't
put out for me. Clearly, I stand little chance of EVER getting into your
intellectual pants. Give me some indication of how good your dick really is,
because I'm thinking it isn't worth continued loss of blood on my end to
even entertain thoughts of pursuing such a long-term, high-risk,
book-reading, flesh-eating endeavor.
However, you have looked at this too long to have not considered
intelligence applications. If you say it's a really dumb idea, there is
probably some truth to it.
~ Aimee

@_date: 2001-04-15 16:17:59
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: Making the Agora Vanish | OSINT distributed haven      
(Bear, read the entire before you reply...)
I said:
I want to paddle back to the kiddie pool, but I'll try to address you Bear,
you are way over my little head....and so is this subject matter.
Yes, but I'm still speaking of information that is not online, not
siphonable and locked in the overt experts in the private sector. It is not
"current events" or "happenings" or "what's going on." It's analysis and
intricacies that are critical for decision making. Not raw data or
intelligence headlines. It's Mr. X and his theories on Y, that nobody knows
about - Mr. X is hidden away in the private intelligence sector or some
university closet.
He's a specialist on ...uhm....South African Zulu Warrior Chieftains dress
and culture. He can tell you that when Zulus get in war dress and bring
knives and spears to your VIP meeting - it's a sign of respect, and not a
violence indicator. (I just ripped off the basics of this hypo from this
guy:  representative of the private
intelligence sector) Without knowing this information, your diplomatic
protection force is going to rat-tat-tat them to pieces and lead to a
"diplomatic snafu" of major proportions. They need this information NOW,
because the helicopter with your diplomat just landed in a remote area for
this roundtable in a big grass hut, and is facing 1,000 Zulu Warriors
jumping up and down and chanting in full war dress, and the protection force
of 5 is counting rounds in the back of their heads. Their protocol officer
fainted and is receiving medical assistance in the 'copter. They place a
call - decision time is 8-10 minutes. Somebody has got to finger and find
Mr. X's knowledge. This information is NOT online, not siphonable, outside
of regular intelligence channels - it's in Mr. X. Mr. X is one of five
western people in the world that know about these things.
Right then, Chief Zulu walks up and points his knife at your diplomat. Was
that a threat? Your diplomat pees in his pants in front of 1,000 Zulu
Warriors. Ramifications? BTW, your diplomat is also president of a
transcontinental resource-extractive company with operations in ZA and is a
top-level kidnapping and hostage risk - his capture or death would have
diplomatic ramifications and would affect upcoming treaty negotiations
related to the world diamond market.
National events often turn on intimate knowledge of the strangest facts -
these facts are known by people like Mr. X. You have 8 minutes to tell these
guys what to do. You can mine you data, use your CIA-google, ask your AI,
make some phone calls - and you are still whistling Dixie.
So, this is what you do: You CIA analyst, fire up your SIGINT/ELINT fed AI
and analysis programs, you call around.... What have those Zulu Warrior's
been talking about lately? You find, to your dismay, little
information....Zulus don't even use phones. So what do you do? You find
pictures of "Zulu War Dress" and some basic protocol. Your internal experts
agree. Your call: "Zulu War Dress = War = Aggression = take immediate
evasive action." You go look at online and offline sources on this
diplomat's diamond company. Sadly, you do not have an expert's competitive
intelligence analysis which would have told you this man is about to become
pivotal in the world diamond market, due to a secretly planned merger and
acquisition with a gem company. Because of this one man, the entire gem and
diamond markets are about to be revolutionized.
*bloody gunfire exchange* Confused Zulu Warriors. The chief was just giving
a sign of respect. Dead diplomat. Zulus go on the offensive. World diamond
market: kaput.
Mr. X happens to consult with PPS (private protection services) in ZA in
Zulu territory. Private intelligence. Yet, for some reason, Mr. X doesn't
appear on your screen. Why? Because you haven't developed information flows
between yourself and the private intelligence sector. By and large, you
don't talk to them. If you did, Mr. X's information would be in your system.
"Mr. X - expert in Zulu chieftain diplomacy." Additionally, you didn't know
about the diplomat's importance to the world diamond market, because you
don't have access to ZA's leading private competitive intelligence agency
profiles or their data bases (i.e. Grudko has a "WOLF" database, maybe he's
willing to sell some of that info, this info is not in YOUR data banks.)
I know that's "out there" and there are a thousand holes in this hypo, but
it gets my basic point across. Somebody smarter than me would have to give a
better hypo.
Your data flows are amazing quiet as to this little grass hut
situation...strangely, even though the future of the world diamond market
hinges upon it....
Okay, so you add in Zulu chief knife-pointing, diplomatic pissing...=
So, this isn't what I'm talking about.
Sometimes, a human, overt, expert analyst is the one thing you need, and
can't find. Our intelligence agencies are long on tricked out data
whatzits,... short on analysis and overt experts, because we haven't tapped
and mapped private sector capabilities, data and information flows. Again,
this information isn't headlines, it isn't online, it's in some Mr. X
somewhere. Sometimes OBSCURE, definitely not secret, and it's not a topic of
conversation ANYWHERE. This information is outside of your intelligence
channels and in hidden in the private intelligence sector.
But, what you say is still *very* relevant, because in my hypothetical
"Intellagora" - offering private sector analytical info for sale, exchange,
or free - you would need THIS capability.
Being the genius that you clearly are... I encourage you to read some Steele
thought, etc.:  mull it over, and
see what you can come up with...to give it "smarts." At this point, I need
kiddies floats, but the subject is "big enough" to interest you. I think my
hypo makes this sound more like a "phone directory of experts," or "data
mining" and that's not what I'm after..... Again, I apologize for my
flailing on the subject matter. Steele is better able to explain this
purported opportunity for an OSINT community or "Intel agora," and the
strategic benefits to intelligence agencies and the private intelligence
I appreciate your taking the time to give me some insight, you raised some
very interesting questions, amazingly on point, that I otherwise would have
never thought of.

@_date: 2001-04-15 17:24:40
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: Making the Agora Vanish  
Bear said:
Actually, I'm past this. I don't need it.
My problem is the value of the information within an information mercantile
system - which involves policing the polycentric merchant community.
Otherwise, such a system would become subject to "information policymaking,
information peacekeeping / diplomacy - massive misinformation." Just basic
abuse considerations, but with extreme ramifications in the context of the
"Intel agora" hypothetical I posed.
(I'm just playing around with your concepts.... unless I envision an complex
contextual framework, I can't envision the applications and the obstacles.)

@_date: 2001-04-15 18:01:56
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: Making the Agora Vanish | OSINT distributed haven         
Ray & Tim, easy to see who said what:
Again, I'm trying to cut out all the lawyers, contracts and so forth, there
are other ways to regulate, but it's all variables: a combination of nym
alternative dispute resolution, escrow concepts (money, and ID) and
reputational systems. Participants can choose disclosed, an
agency-infomediary or a "zeroknowledge" participation level, and define who
they are comfortable dealing with... just what you guys talk about, and just
like real life.
Exactly, and this is where I run into trouble. However, as long as SOMEBODY
is accountable, the goat of the wrongdoer isn't always required for the
transacting party. I am more concerned about policing the community, but I
do think it's possible outside of traditional legal and transactional
frameworks, reverting back, as Tim made reference to (as I have I, damnit)
the old polycentric merchant society frameworks.
Eh, I was just trying to envision a live pitch opportunity. An intelligence
development contract seemed in the ballpark for serious bank, and
privatization changes might be breeding some opportunity. Clearly, an open
source information mercantile system is already making the intelligence
agenda. I find it "not unthinkable" that Tim's agora will first see the
light of day as part of a legitimate intelligence endeavor.

@_date: 2001-04-15 19:49:42
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: Message from a Parallel Universe 
*laughter*... that is damn funny. Tim, this is not to say that I don't
respect your fiendish intent.

@_date: 2001-04-15 23:55:50
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: Message from a Parallel Universe 
Markets are anarchy. I think a lot works. What sells in a pitch, however, is
a different matter. So are the needs and concerns of respective
marketplaces. An intelligence marketplace, especially one such as I "threw
out" falls in the "special needs" category.
I was not disparaging your ideas, merely trying to envision a live funding
opportunity so that these ideas could be developed and toyed with. How could
this be construed as anything but a vote of confidence?
I use a lot of elicitation tactics. (i.e., pissing Tim off is a great way to
find out things. Tim's "talky" button is provocation. So, I punch it. Good
threads often result.)
I agree with Tim. I still want to find money to apply what you have been
talking about - for untold centuries - in a real-life transactional
environment, under current realities.  I don't expect that it would meet
your standards, or even support your ideals, but it would explore some of
the technology and mercantile dynamics that have been bounced around here.
I think Tim took my questions as questioning the "value proposition" of
his/your ideas. This was not my intent. I meant "value proposition" in terms
of getting some bank to test and develop some of these concepts, nothing
There are several futuristic societies and think-tanks exploring virtual
corporation/organization alternatives...  Forum-shopping is purely a legal
and tax-related question, and has been for a long time, as we all know. Many
futurists predicted the rise of the virtual sovereign - citing offshore
havens, but this theory seems to have been placed in question of late.
Which is all I was doing.
I don't disagree with this statement, ...how could I?

@_date: 2001-04-16 11:27:04
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: Identity protection legislation for LEA, etc.   
I was reading this article regarding the WA web site that published names,
addys and SSNs of police officers and noted that an "identity protection" /
"accountability legislation" bill for LEA is in the works for WA.
Is anybody aware of similar bills or lobbying efforts elsewhere?
Overheard: "In a separate development, a four-day uprising in a prison in
Cuiaba, located approximately 800 mi/1,280 km northwest of Sao Paulo ended
yesterday after inmates opposed to the uprising killed the rebellion

@_date: 2001-04-17 00:48:05
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: Message from a Parallel Universe...over-positive 
Tim May said:
I thought this paper might be of interest, which lends further support to
what Tim said. The gist, as I'm sure most of you know, is that people
compete to be heard and seek to validate their personal choices. This is why
MOST books on Amazon have 5-star reviews.
Noisytalk.com: Broadcasting Opinions in a Noisy Environment
ANAT R. ADMATI
Stanford University
PAUL C. PFLEIDERER
Stanford University
I sent this to a particular ABA official as support for my contention that
consumer lawyer-rating communities could construct their dynamics in like
fashion - misleading consumers while putting forth an appearance of
impartiality. The paper was a little too mathematically-inclined for my

@_date: 2001-04-17 14:11:22
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: Mobile location privacy rules (CTIA petition) 
Cellular Telecommunications and Internet Association (CTIA) petition to FCC
on location privacy rules for mobile devices FCC comment info (reply comments due today) I found the CTIA petition revealing.

@_date: 2001-04-17 21:24:14
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: Making the Agora Vanish | OSINT distributed haven       
David Honig said:
No, I don't claim that meatspace identity is necessary, and I have read some
"smart contract" theory. (I was dealing with the diplomatic and licensure
peculiarities of my hypothetical, and agency theory, but that is a
discussion for elsewhere.)
Nevertheless,.... my hypothetical principals say that reputational system
accountability and escrow concepts alone are highly inadequate in the
proposed transactional environment. Because of the unique injuries which
could result, in certain circumstances any adequate remedy necessarily
involves unmasking the "bad infomerchant." Additionally, within this
"unique" transactional environment, participants must know that should
circumstances warrant, there is accountability beyond the reputational
In regard to your Rabbi polycentric governance, I guess you could allow for
unmasking by the use of an anonymous (possibly elected by lot) tribunal,
allowing for the extreme situation where a participating info merchant could
be unmasked. Of course, identity could not be knowable/vulnerable to
discovery at any other time, or in any other circumstance. Nevermind how you
would do it, what do you call it? (I realize most of you would call it
stupid.) Identity escrow?

@_date: 2001-04-19 13:51:08
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: unknown_subject 
I've heard of using a text language translator. Translate forward to a
different language...and to another... translate back to English.
Somewhere.  My memory is foggy. (Sounds like BS.)
I recently saw some mildly pro email profiling work: I was creeped out
(being of the sheeple, of course).
[Profiler makes a mental note: excessively parenthetical, etc-etc...]

@_date: 2001-04-19 22:07:19
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: Making the Agora Vanish | OSINT distributed haven           
Choate said:
Not to mention your meaning:
What! Lost your mittens,
You naughty kittens,
Then you shall have no pie.
Meow, meow,
Then you shall have no pie.
*bablefish* -> Italian and back
That what! It has lost yours mittens,
you kittens naughty,
then you will not eat cake.
Meow, the meow,
then you will not eat cake.
I think this is a dumb idea. (Again, I mentioned I thought it was BS.) Your
word choice will still be consistent through the translator. Although if you
threw in stylistic randomness...I dunno. Big damn difference between pie and
*bablefish* -> to Spanish and back. Screwy. Even typos.
I think that this is a dumb idea (once again I mentioned I I thought that it
was BS.) Its option of the word still will be constant through the
translator. Although if you sent in dunno stylistic of the randomness... I.
Great damn difference between empanada and the cake.

@_date: 2001-08-01 12:08:04
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: Spoliation, escrows, courts, pigs.  Was: Re: DOJ jails 
Apologies if this is a repeat, I never received it.

@_date: 2001-08-02 19:01:27
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: Spoliation cites 
The rapid acceptance of the spoliation theory out of CA has been in response
to digital data.
Lewy v. Remington Arms Co. 836 F.2d 1104 (8th Cir., 1998)
...Finally, the court should determine whether the document retention policy
was instituted in bad faith.  Gumbs v. International Harvester, Inc., 718
F.2d 88, 96 (3rd Cir. 1983) ("no unfavorable inference arises when the
circumstances indicate that the document or article in question has been
lost or accidentally destroyed, or where the failure to produce it is
otherwise properly accounted for."); Boyd v. Ozark Air Lines, Inc., 568 F.2d
50, 53 (8th Cir. 1977) ("We recognize, however, that the destruction of
business records may be sufficient to raise an unfavorable inference.").
...[note business records]...
In cases where a document retention policy is instituted in order to limit
damaging evidence available to potential plaintiffs, it may be proper to
give an instruction similar to the one requested by the Lewys. Similarly,
even if the court finds the policy to be reasonable given the nature of the
documents subject to the policy, the court may find that under the
particular circumstances certain documents should have been retained
notwithstanding the policy. For example, if the corporation knew or should
have known that the documents would become material at some point in the
future then such documents should have been preserved. Thus, a corporation
cannot blindly destroy documents and expect to be shielded by a seemingly
innocuous document retention policy.  Gumbs, 718 F.2d at 96 ("Such a
presumption or inference arises, however, only when the spoliation or
destruction [of evidence] was intentional, and indicates fraud and a desire
to suppress the truth, and it does not arise where the destruction was a
matter of routine with no fraudulent intent.") (quoting 29 Am. Jur. 2d
Evidence '  177 (1967)).
See also, In re Prudential Is. Co. Sales Practices Litigation, 169 F.R.D.
598 (D.N.J. 1997) ($1 million fine for negligent destruction); U.S. v. Koch
Industries Inc., 1998 WL 1744497 (N.D.Okla., 1998) (jury informed of
document destruction, and allowed to make inferences).
But see, Procter & Gamble Co. v. Haugen, 179 F.R.D. 622 (D.Utah, 1998)
(analyzing time element and refusing to find spoliation in absence of notice
of potential relevance or court order).
In a criminal context, U.S. v. Lundwall, S-1 97 Cr. 211 (S.D.N.Y. 1997)
(finding obstruction of justice):
...Defendants contend that they were not subpoenaed or directed by a court
to furnish the information sought by the Roberts plaintiffs in their
discovery requests. They also submit that the Indictment is overbroad,
charging them not only with concealing and destroying documents requested by
the Roberts plaintiffs, but also with concealing and destroying documents
likely to be requested by them. But the law is clear that neither a subpoena
nor a court order directing the production of documents must be issued or
served as a prerequisite to a '  1503 prosecution, and that the concealment
and destruction of documents likely to be sought by subpoena is actionable
under the statute. See, e.g., Ruggiero, 934 F.2d at 450 (destroying
documents in anticipation of a subpoena can constitute obstruction);
Gravely, 840 F.2d at 1160 (under '  1503, documents destroyed do not have to
be under subpoena; it is sufficient if the defendant is aware that the grand
jury will likely seek the documents in its investigation);

@_date: 2001-08-03 01:10:39
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: Gotti, evidence, case law, remailer practices, civil cases, 
I think Uni was merely making a humorous note on Tim's prodding him to
brief. I detected a sly grin.

@_date: 2001-08-03 06:03:13
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: About lawyers and spoliation 
All we lawyer-types are saying is to engage the law in your problem-solving,
it's in your threat model. Many of your "solutions" are 100%
conflict-avoidance, or even ...conflict-ignorance. A strategic error. Where
there is a corpus, there is a law to get it. You always PLAN FOR CONFLICT.
Hence, we have _The Art Of War_ -- and not, _The Art Of Hiding_.
Hiding or secrecy as a total strategy has historically been limited by the
Rule Of Secrets/Least Safe Principle, and the equally-important "well,
doesn't this look suspicious!" -- a rule of natural law and human
disposition. Crypto is not a person, object and asset invisibility machine.
Until such a marvel comes to pass, stick to traditional wargaming.
THE SITUATION:
Controverted spies have brought you intelligence that the enemy has a new
long-range weapon. You learn that it works, but you think you lie outside
the current range. However, you learn that it is undergoing rapid
development and experimentation.
SOME OF YOUR RESPONSES:
"They're dumb, I hate them, and they can't hit us."
"IF they've never hit us, THEN they can't."
"They can't hit what they can't see."
"We should insult and burn the spies at the stake for bringing us this
"Bitch. Bitch. Bitch."
Within this particular range of hypotheticals, the courts are going to see a
problem and they might reach for spoliation. Arguing over the rightfulness
or wrongfulness of it is a futile exercise. When you learn your adversary is
using a new tactic or developing a new weapon, you examine your own tactics
and adjust them accordingly in ANTICIPATION OF CONFLICT. You assume they
will "get better" unless you do something about it. Given the nature of the
law, there is nothing to be done other than to prepare for advancement and
proliferation. The legal question is never what is - but what will be. In
this light, precedent is not "a rule," it is an aid for prediction.
"To secure ourselves against defeat lies in our own hands, but the
opportunity of defeating the enemy is provided by the enemy himself." -- Sun
A most apt analogy for the law. Where it presents an obstacle, it presents
an opportunity.

@_date: 2001-08-03 06:05:07
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: Spoliation cites 
James A. Donald:
The cases were offered for general background, nothing more. Actually, I
don't think all of them referred to a situation where the case was
Google up spoliation and see that I brought this up earlier.
The fact that Uni also instinctively reached for the concept, should tell
you something: spoliation is what the courts will reach for both in crypto
and in datahavening situations. I don't think either of us is saying that
the theory is without limitations. Where the courts will draw the lines is a
big question. It will depend on the circumstances the court is presented
with. Spoliation in a digital context is evolving and volatile. Some of you
seem to suggest we are saying this is a big, black line -- we aren't saying
Just because something is distinguishable, doesn't mean it won't be
extrapolated. The judicial acceptance of spoliation has been rapid. Did you
read the cases? Did you shep them? Did you look at the adoption of corporate
electronic retention policies? Just making a point that there is a definite
trend of judicial acceptance and extrapolation. The history here is
revealing, and it isn't in the case law.
An important point is that the courts have validated electronic destruction.
They see it as a legitimate exercise to limit discovery fishing. That's a
positive utilitarian undercurrent that many of you aren't seeing, even
though you can't hide behind a policy. The courts are placing a good faith
burden on the person with the evidence. To what extent this will be applied
in a "personal papers" context - who knows?
As for your comments regarding Nixon, that was before spoliation was
"revived" by the courts in a digital context. The erosion of personal paper
protection and game theory also comes into play here. (I threw out a SSRN
link to a paper earlier in this thread, which covered this a little, if you
are interested in commenting on it.)

@_date: 2001-08-03 12:48:02
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: Spoliation cites 
Well, I didn't mean to argue that. We had several hypos going. My comments
were in regard to unavailability techniques, not availability techniques.

@_date: 2001-08-03 12:54:21
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: About lawyers and spoliation 
Bear wrote, quoting me:
I guess that would be flip-side of the Rule Of Secrets, or something.
Just as interesting:
-NAACP v. Alabama, 357 U.S. 448 (1958)
-Laird v. Tatum, 408 U.S. 1 (1972)
-Philadelphia Yearly Meeting of the Religious Society of Friends v. Tate,
519 F.2d 1335 (3d Cir. 1975)
-Reporters Comm. for Freedom of the Press v. American Tel. & Tel., (D.C.Cir.
-Gordon v. Warren Consol. Bd. of Educ, 706 F.2d 778 (6th Cir. 1983)
-Alliance to End Repression v. Chicago, 627 F.Supp. 1044 (N.D.Ill.1985)
"Three make keep a secret, if two of them are dead." -- Benjamin Franklin,
That's probably one of those "universal truths" I've been talking about.
Hm. For an equally-relevant proposition, See United States v. White, 401
U.S. 745 (1971); United States v. Miller, 425 U.S. 435 (1976).
I've seen predictions that by 2005-7, your IP will be biometrically
associated. (I have nothing to back to that up, but the source was

@_date: 2001-08-03 15:30:00
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: About lawyers and spoliation 
Tim May:
Maybe to you, Tim, but I was looking at it from a different perspective.
First, in regard to dissident group bulletproofing, so as to provide the
greatest First Amendment associational protections. (I suspect some of you
get your legal advice from the government.) And, also in regard to dissident
group surveillance. This list has been affected by recent events, and
"subjectively chilled." While it is not the first time for such things, the
effects on group dynamics are of interest to me.
Second, I would like to see the conversational economic theories at work in
a protected list.
Third, many of your concepts were harbingers of a shift where people take
costly evasive maneuvers to protect what is legal, and traditionally
highly-valued speech and association (being critical of the government).
Your ideas are being implemented, or examined, often by ordinary people with
less spectacular motives and aims. So, the more "trodden," "banal,"
.....[insert Tim Mayism here]...something is to you, the more interesting it
is to me.
I'm sure you are aware that some disagree with you, Tim. In a rather
significant way. I wish they found it less interesting, too. But, they
I read a lot, Tim. My practice areas don't come neatly packaged. I realize
your frustration with me, and can only beg your understanding and tolerance,
although I have low expectations in this regard. (Picking on me is about as
sporty as shooting turtles in a stock tank.) I could never match the
technical skillsets or understanding of this list, please forgive me for my
sins. Yea, I know not what I do..... I am aware of my shortcomings, (!!!)
and I do appreciate your taking the effort to try to help me with my
conceptualization. You often do so, and I note your good intentions, even
when they come with a few well-placed darts.
Perhaps I can contribute in other areas, Tim. I will try to do better. I
mean that sincerely.
I pitched a paper on these spoliation concepts many months back and was
awarded with 10,000 words in a legal pub. However, you intimidated me to the
extent that I promptly torched my efforts. Had you not done so, perhaps I
could have contributed something more substantial to this thread.
As for spoliation, DO SOME READING TIM, you comments are BANAL, ACTUALLY.
You are a the leader of a pack of prize jackasses that pick on cripples in
here. *REAL* SUBVERSIVES have a gentlemanly demeanor (at least the decency
of pretense).

@_date: 2001-08-03 22:43:12
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: Spoliation cites 
EXACTLY. *SIGH*
Neither Uni nor I suggested that routine document destruction is
inappropriate in the ordinary course of business. Again, the flipside of
these cases is that court's recognized the legitimate aims (and
self-protective nature) of destruction when done as part of a consistent,
good faith practice.
Read Lewy.

@_date: 2001-08-04 01:03:45
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: Spoliation cites 
Sandy, I so appreciate your attempts to span the gap, here, but I feel like
I am watching you hurt yourself. Repeatedly. To no end.

@_date: 2001-08-04 01:03:59
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: About lawyers and spoliation 
I wasn't speaking of "security through obscurity," I was speaking of
"security through First Amendment law suit." Nobody could argue "objective
chill" in here, that's a legal concept....but clearly, you aren't
Well, that figures.
YOU are calling ME an Internet rant generator?
Conversational economics and privacy -- what I should have said. Posed as an
explanation for some surveillance law. See An Economic Theory Of Privacy,
Richard A. Posner. The same Judge Posner of Torres case fame. "There is no
right to be left alone while assembling bombs in safe houses." United States
v. Torres, 751 F.2d 875 (7th Cir.1984). Not a theory I subscribe to.
Right back atcha.
I didn't say IP addys were nonsense, Tim. I overhead some silly biometric
conversation and mentioned it because Ray mentioned IPs.
Why, thank you, Tim.
Dammit, I didn't say that.
I said: "I've seen predictions that by 2005-7, your IP will be biometrically
associated. (I have nothing to back to that up, but the source was
It was a mere reference to Bear mentioning IPs and third-party
intermediaries... (Hence, the cites.)  I didn't say anything about
Indeed, what I was trying to get at might have been "somewhat related."
I agree with you in sentiment, but direct your attention to the CMRA
(commercial mail drop) requirements for domestic mail agency in the United
States in the USPS Domestic Mail Manual. I know you are aware of it.
Okay, well, I did learn something there.
Bear just mentioned IP and I just threw out the biometric comment. I was
curious, since it did not make sense to me. I made no mention of remailers.
*sigh* I didn't. Spoliation is a general concept. My comments were general
in nature. I don't think I used the word "remailer." You frequently rant off
into legal areas when you haven't briefed the law, Tim.
Now you are extrapolating. You didn't 'hurt my feelings' - you are just
gigging me. Furthermore, I wasn't looking for "moral support." And,
certainly not in here. :-)

@_date: 2001-08-04 01:04:19
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: Traceable Infrastructure is as vulnerable as traceable    
Tim May:
I didn't say that.
I think Ray really did, either.

@_date: 2001-08-04 11:10:07
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: About lawyers and spoliation 
That's the damn truth, isn't it?
Yeah, I know. I'm was just sitting here fuming over the proposed amendments
to the commercial office suites. This is just silly. USPS is a giant bitch
in need of a leash. (...We are speaking of the private mail agency rules
requiring PMB or # address designation, IDs, record-keeping, reporting,

@_date: 2001-08-04 11:44:10
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: About lawyers and spoliation 
You may be right, James....I fear.
This just in from the criminal spoliation sector (realize the important
distinctions - here, the government is destroying evidence...)
United States v. Wright, No 00-5010 (6th Cir. August 03, 2001)

@_date: 2001-08-04 17:53:01
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: Spoliation cites 
Read the definition of ordinary course of business - it implies good faith
by nature. You seem to think ordinary course of business means "shred away!"
Bzzt. Read Lewy. Lewy says you can't hide behind a policy and destroy
documents you KNEW OR SHOULD HAVE KNOWN might be relevant in future
litigation - before you are served with suit or a preservation order. Yes,
courts are likely to differ in their application based on the unique facts.
However, if your ordinary course of business is to destroy or make
unavailable of records in specific anticipation of a law suit or criminal
complaint, you are probably not going to meet the good faith requirement.
The court has some room to reach here, and they increasingly have the
authority to do so. Whether they will be successful or not, I cannot say.
No, Sandfort, Unicorn and I are in agreement.
No, nobody has said that. It is pursuant to a written good faith retention
policy. Looking behind the veil the courts will likely see bona-fide good
You see an all-or-none proposition, when we are looking at the finer points
within a range of hypotheticals. Stop putting words in our mouths.

@_date: 2001-08-04 17:53:14
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: Spoliation cites 
--
Sadly, that is A DAMN FACT.
While everything is not forbidden, there is always a way to work the
forbidden into what is not forbidden, and clients usually find it.
That is a DAMN LIE. The Federal Rules of Civil Procedure and all our other
sources are nothing more than state-endorsed books of shadows. Furthermore,
we have magic wands. It doesn't work unless you believe, you know....

@_date: 2001-08-05 01:19:14
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: Spoliation cites 
Aimee is tired, and doesn't figure it's worth the time or effort. Sandy and
Uni have more patience than I do.

@_date: 2001-08-05 05:07:03
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: Spoliation cites 
If you read any of those cites and shep'd them, you will see there are
circumstances where
defendants didn't know the documents were relevant to a specific lawsuit.
There is support for the words "SHOULD HAVE KNOWN" might NOT equivocate to:
"a lawsuit has been filed." Nor even "expect a specific lawsuit."
Furthermore, in Lewy, they did adhere to a destruction policy and plaintiffs
got a jury instruction allowing for a negative inference. Does this tell you
Normally, you consider the following in a retention policy:
o pending or threatened litigation = easy answer, keep it.
o statute-specific retention requirements = easy answer....
o statutes of limitations = starts getting fuzzy here, usually the length of
the relationship, plus the limitations periods....
o real estate = long time.
o IP = forever.
o email = most say a few weeks, unless it is a complaint, etc.
It's not so simple as many think. It's document specific.
In certain cases, opponents may argue that the high-risk nature of certain
enterprises amounts to a state of continual pending or threatened
litigation, although non-specific in nature. They also may argue, as in
Lewy, that destruction pursuant to a retention policy and normal business
practice -- is not good enough. The court will look beyond the practice to
ask if the policy is reasonable GIVEN THE PARTICULAR NATURE OF THE DOCUMENT
AT ISSUE. The root of the matter is: SHOULD YOU HAVE KEPT IT? The court
seemed to infer in Lewy that the nature of the business and the likelihood
of litigation is a consideration.
..."We hold that there was sufficient evidence from which the jury could
find that Remington knew the M700 was dangerous. The following evidence was
before the jury: complaints from customers and gunsmiths that the Model 700
would fire upon release of safety, some of these complaints dating back as
far as the early 1970s; ....
.....Remington was unable to produce several documents that were destroyed
pursuant to Remington's "record retention policy." Remington argues that
destroying records pursuant to routine procedures does not provide an
inference adverse to the party that destroyed the documents.  Smith v.
Uniroyal, Inc., 420 F.2d 438, 442-43 (7th Cir. 1970).
The record reflects that Remington had its record retention policy in place
as early as 1970. In addition, the records that have been destroyed pursuant
to the policy -- complaints and gun examination reports -- were kept for a
period of three years and if no action regarding a particular record was
taken in that period it was destroyed. Vick v. Texas Employment Commission,
514 F.2d 734, 737 (5th Cir. 1975) (records destroyed pursuant to regulations
governing inactive records).
...First, the court should determine whether Remington's record retention
policy is reasonable considering the facts and circumstances surrounding the
relevant documents. For example, the court should determine whether a three
year retention policy is reasonable given the particular document. A three
year retention policy may be sufficient for documents such as appointment
books or telephone messages, but inadequate for documents such as customer
...Second, in making this determination the court may also consider whether
lawsuits concerning the complaint or related complaints have been filed, the
frequency of such complaints, and the magnitude of the complaints.
[i.e., not just lawsuits - complaints. The court probably wanted to know if
the defendant was on notice that this information would be sought in future
NON-SPECIFIC litigation.]
Finally, the court should determine whether the document retention policy
was instituted in bad faith.  Gumbs v. International Harvester, Inc., 718
F.2d 88, 96 (3rd Cir. 1983) ("no unfavorable inference arises when the
circumstances indicate that the document or article in question has been
lost or accidentally destroyed, or where the failure to produce it is
otherwise properly accounted for."); Boyd v. Ozark Air Lines, Inc., 568 F.2d
50, 53 (8th Cir. 1977) ("We recognize, however, that the destruction of
business records may be sufficient to raise an unfavorable inference."). In
cases where a document retention policy is instituted in order to limit
damaging evidence available to potential plaintiffs, it may be proper to
give an instruction similar to the one requested by the Lewys. Similarly,
even if the court finds the policy to be reasonable given the nature of the
documents subject to the policy, the court may find that under the
particular circumstances certain documents should have been retained
notwithstanding the policy.
For example, if the corporation knew or should have known that the documents
would become material at some point in the future then such documents should
have been preserved. Thus, a corporation cannot blindly destroy documents
and expect to be shielded by a seemingly innocuous document retention
policy.  Gumbs, 718 F.2d at 96 ("Such a presumption or inference arises,
however, only when the spoliation or destruction [of evidence] was
intentional, and indicates fraud and a desire to suppress the truth, and it
does not arise where the destruction was a matter of routine with no
fraudulent intent.") (quoting 29 Am. Jur. 2d Evidence '  177 (1967)).
In some high-risk endeavors, opponents may argue that destruction or
purposeful non-retention = fraudulent intent. I don't think Remington REALLY
wanted to keep those complaints 3 years, James. Ask yourself why they did
even that.
Look, we are just trying to envision what opponents are likely to try. The
outcome will depend on the facts.
Finally, the fact that a case (within the range of hypotheticals we have
discussed) has not arisen is not dispositive on the issue. If that were the
case, James, precedent would have no value, because the law could never move
forward. Indeed, precedent, by it's very nature usually involves something
novel. Otherwise, it wouldn't get to court, because everybody would know the
You keep speaking in absolutes. It's more complicated.
See above.

@_date: 2001-08-05 12:07:34
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: Spoliation cites 
Bingo. Remember what Uni said about "not amused" judges? We should have just left it at that.

@_date: 2001-08-05 17:01:26
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: Spoliation cites 
--
James, you are like a snappin' turtle. You just won't let go. I could move
you with a stick.
Yes. Unless it is of special relevance. For example:
Dear company:
I just wanted to write you and tell you that the microwave that I bought
from you exploded. Thought you should know. Nobody was hurt, thank goodness!
Maybe something is wrong with it?
Mrs. Smith
The above wouldn't just be any old email now would it?
If A is L, than B and C are L?
Somebody give me a stick!
James, truly, I see the point you are trying to make and the logic you are
trying to apply. We will see what the courts do.

@_date: 2001-08-06 01:30:21
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: Spoliation cites 
No, he didn't. You extrapolate all of our comments out of context.
His advice about "not amusing" judges is most sage, I promise you.
James, I am "no longer amused."

@_date: 2001-08-06 02:30:00
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: Spoliation cites 
George, quoting me:
I don't remember what was said at this point. :)
My comments were good-natured, George. They always are.
So, when you go to battle in the round, you want a good-looking gladiator to
"distract" the lions. Maybe they won't eat her because she's pretty? Maybe
they figure she's just "more tasty," and they will play with her a
little...and bat her around.... before they pounce on her and gobble her up
for being "a stupid twit."
When lawyers go into chambers, it's not for a damn lap dance.
If I could, I would file my teeth into sharp little pygmy points and graft
Doberman pincher ears to my head.
Oh, their papers get graded...

@_date: 2001-08-07 00:36:39
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: [spam score 5.00/10.0 -pobox] RE: Spoliation cites 
You guys are acting like Uni said, "THOU SHALT NOT WRITE CODE."
Put down your pungi sticks.

@_date: 2001-08-07 20:23:17
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: Pavlovich 
Filed 8/7/01
CERTIFIED FOR PUBLICATION
IN THE COURT OF APPEAL OF THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA
SIXTH APPELLATE DISTRICT
MATTHEW PAVLOVICH,
THE SUPERIOR COURT OF
SANTA CLARA COUNTY,
DVD COPY CONTROL ASSOCIATION,
Real Party in Interest.
(Santa Clara County
Super. Ct. No. CV786804)
Petitioner Matthew Pavlovich petitions for a writ of mandate to compel the
court to quash service of process.
We deny the petition.
PROCEDURAL HISTORY
On December 27, 1999, real party in interest DVD Copy Control Association,
(DVD CCA) filed a complaint in the superior court against petitioner and
defendants for misappropriation of trade secrets. The complaint alleged that
had repeatedly republished DVD CCAs trade secrets and copyrighted material
throughout the Internet.
...Pavlovich is the president of a start-up technology company. He was,
[f]or the
most part of . . . four years, a computer engineering student at Purdue
University, and
had worked as a computer technician for Best Buy and Pingtek Corporation.
discovery materials on record indicate that Pavlovich and the other
defendants developed
and/or posted computer programs on the Internet, including a program called
DeCSS, that
misappropriate DVD CCAs trade secrets. Such computer programs have been
...The question in this case is whether Californias long-arm statute
reaches owners, publishers, and operators of those Web sites when, in
violation of California law, they make available for copying or distribution
trade secrets or copyrighted material of California companies. We hold it
...Here, Pavlovich, a computer engineering student, a technician in the
computer and
telecommunications industry, and the founder and president of a start-up
company, knew that California is commonly known as the center of the motion
industry, and that the computer industry holds a commanding presence in the
state. In his
deposition, Pavlovich spoke of Californias dominance in the motion picture
industry, as
Q. . . . Are you aware -- do you have any understanding where the major
motion pictures studios [sic] are located?
A [by Pavlovich]. By major Im just going to go out on a limb here in
that you
mean some of the larger motion picture producers or production companies.
Q. Thats correct. The sort of plaintiffs that were the plaintiffs in the
that you were just an expert witness in.
A. Okay. That makes a lot of sense. Yeah, they make a lot of movies in
California, Hollywood, yeah.
Q. Right. So whats your understanding of the term Hollywood?
A. Hollywood is the big area in California where they make a lot of movies
and a lot of movie stars live and whatnot.
...So also here, the fact that Pavlovich used the new medium of the Internet
to inflict
harm on a California plaintiff, instead of the print media that was used in
Calder, is
irrelevant. It should not matter whether the delivery system used to inflict
the injury is
the traditional delivery system of air, land, or sea transportation, or the
technological system of cyberspace, satellites, cable, and electro-magnetic
...Pavlovich cannot claim innocent intent. As a computer engineering
student, a
technician in the computer and telecommunications industry, a founder and
president of a
technology start-up company, and a leader in the open source movement,
knew, or should have known, that by posting the misappropriated information
on the
Internet, he was making the information available to a wide range of
Internet users and
consumers throughout the Internet world, including users and consumers in
Accordingly, there is sufficient showing of purposeful availment within

@_date: 2001-08-07 23:04:02
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: FBI must reveal computer snooping technique 
Therefore, the Government is invited to submit to the Court, prior to the filing of the aforementioned report explaining the key logger device, any additional evidence, either by way of affidavit, declaration or otherwise, which would provide particular and specific reasons how and why disclosure of the key logger technology "would jeopardize both ongoing and future criminal and national security operations." See id. This material shall be submitted in camera and under seal. Upon review of the Government's submission, the Court will then determine whether to reconsider the procedure for disclosure as outlined in this Letter Opinion and Order.
        IT IS SO ORDERED:
                              NICHOLAS H. POLITAN
                              U.S.D.J.
See

@_date: 2001-08-08 19:58:59
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: FBI must reveal computer snooping technique 
SURREPTITIOUS ENTRY WARRANTS.
Surreptitious entry warrants for silent video surveillance (outside of Title
I's "oral, wire or electronic communication") were approved in United States
v. Torres, 751 F.2d 875 (7th Cir. 1984). Defendants argued that secret video
surveillance was a 1984 Orwellian "telescreen" - and unconstitutional
pursuant to the fourth amendment. They lost. Defendants argued the warrant
authorizing the search did not satisfy the particularization requirements of
the fourth amendment. They lost. The Judge Posner held the warrant satisfied
Title III's 2518, and since those requirements "related" to the
constitutional requirements, the fourth amendment was satisfied. Courts have
adopted Torres. The bottom line on video surveillance is that the government
is required to show that "normal investigative techniques...reasonably
appear to be unlikely to succeed if tried." Most courts still view video
surveillance as outside of the ECPA. Judge Posner said, "There is no right
to be let alone while assembling bombs in safe houses." (Later courts
extended this to all Title I offenses.)
The requirements that emerge from the Torres line are: (1) probable cause in
respect to the person and criminal offense; (2) particular description in
the court order of the place and things that are to be viewed; (3)
minimization of the recording activities not related to the crime under
investigation; (4) that normal investigative techniques have failed in the
sense that they are unlikely to be successful or appear too dangerous; (5)
that the period of the surveillance be limited to that time necessary to
achieve the objective of the search or no longer than 30 days.
I find Torres analogous, and it is an example of how courts have considered
novel technologies and devices under Title I of the ECPA or "Title III."
GENERAL SEARCH/MINIMIZATION?
The minimization requirements of 2518(5) and the fourth amendments
prohibition on a "general search" were gutted in Scott v. United States, 436
U.S. 128 (1978), which rejected the view that monitors had to use good faith
efforts to minimize the surveillance of non-pertinent conversational
content. Scott factors: (1) the nature of the offense; (2) the type and
location of the device; (3) the nature of the non-pertinent conversations.
2510 INTERCEPTION?
Under Title I analysis the question is if there is an "intercept." See Steve
Jackson Games (email wasn't "in flight.") The government basically contends
they didn't get anything "in flight," as part of the *contemporaneous*
requirement. (And, what if they did? There is no suppression remedy for
electronic communications.) SJG is mentioned in Scarfo discussions, and SJG
is heavily criticized for it's circumventional nature since the ECPA was
meant to extend protection to electronic communications. However, the
possibility of the physical seizure of equipment was likely considered by
congress in 1986. (Were keystroke loggers?) Furthermore, all the cases cited
for the government's proposition in email, voicemail, etc. are basically
SJG - things that congress had knowledge of when they wrote the law. Mostly
before/after cases. A keystroke logger is a technical circumvention. If
upheld, that is a floodgate to eviscerate the protections afforded us under
the ECPA and congressional intent by outpacing what the law has had the
opportunity to consider.
INTERSTATE NEXUS?
They also changed Title III with the ECPA to address private carriers and
in-house private systems because THEY AFFECT INTERSTATE OR FOREIGN COMMERCE
(added clause under ECPA). (Previously, in house systems were exempt from
"wire communications," by "common carrier" language, and analyzed under the
"oral" provisions.) Today, in a like manner, "electronic communication"
includes any transfer.... transmitted by a ....SYSTEM...that _affects
interstate or foreign commerce_. See 2510(12). This was within one computer,
is that an "electronic communications system" 2510(14)? If so, the
government says there is no interstate commerce connection between your
keyboard and your computer.
The addition of 'interstate commerce' clause is often cited for the
proposition that Congress meant to *extend* protection to private systems.
(And a whole slew of cases exempting private systems under Title I now have
no precedential value.) However, the government cited a passage in the
congressional record to the contrary in regard to wire communications, but
I'm uncertain of the context of the specific testimony. I don't think the
same considerations apply to electronic communications.
A STAND-ALONE PIECE OF EQUIPMENT.
The Government argues that based on congressional testimony related to wire
communications (think telephone and aural), the definition of electronic
communications do not include transmissions in one piece of equipment
(interstate nexus).
The attached phone recorder hardware question, somewhat analogous under wire
communications, was settled by the "aural *or other*" addition to ECPA for
the definition of "intercept." (Previously, it had to an "aural acquisition"
to be an intercept.) Now, Title I treats nonmonitored recording as an
interception. Before, courts differed as to whether it was an "aural
acquisition" (Turk, 5th Cir.), or a "mere accessory designed to preserve the
contents of the communication" (United States v. Harpel, 493 F.2d 346, 350
(10th Cir.1974). I find that analogous as to congressional intent.
1. Title III was 1968. Today we have Title I, Title II & Title III of the
ECPA. The former Title III is Title I of the ECPA. Some courts refer to
Title I was the Wiretap Act and Title II as the Stored Communications Act.
Everybody still calls it "Title III."

@_date: 2001-08-08 20:31:18
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: Secret Warrants and Black Bag Jobs--Questions 
Somebody asked:
The general identification and notice requirements of Title I are in Section
2518. 2518 delineates the procedures for applying for a court approved
interception of wire or oral communications, the content of applications,
the order(s) and the notice that must be sent after the fact to those
persons whose conversations were intercepted. Additionally, 2518(10)(a)
gives a right to suppress evidence under specified circumstances.
The inventory and notice requirement of 2518(8)(d) entitles only those
persons who were named in the court order to receive notice and inventory of
the wire tap as a matter of right. Notice to all other persons, even though
their conversations were overheard and they were identifiable is left to
judicial discretion. The prosecutor has the duty to classify all those whose
conversations have been intercepted and transmit this to the judge. If the
judge wants more information, the judge can ask for it so as to fulfill his
discretionary notice role.
In United States v. Kahn, 415 U.S. 143 (1974), 2518(1)(b)(iv) was
interpreted to mean that the only persons that must be named in a Title I
application are those the government has probable cause to believe are
involved in a criminal activity and will be using the target phone. So now
they don't really have to investigate other parties known to be using the
phone to see if they have probable cause for them or not. (This is "the
dragnet effect.")
Say you have a violation of the notice and inventory provision....the case
law tells you that the courts have made distinctions between violations that
are "central and substantive" - and those that are not (for the purpose of a
motion to suppress). In United States v. Donovan, 429 U.S. 413 (1977), the
court stated in dictum that the international failure to name individuals
for the purpose of hiding a lack of probable cause would be substantial. Yet
Donovan's footnotes have led lower courts to require the violation of the
notice and identification provisions be INTENTIONAL AND PREJUDICIAL to the
defendant to render it subject to a motion to suppress. It seems if the
defendant has ANY notice of whatever form - there is no prejudice.
Indeed, no effective check.

@_date: 2001-08-09 10:55:04
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: Ybor City's face recognition cameras claim their first 
That should violate their policy - if they have one. BIG TIME.
Furthermore, use of somebody's picture as background for an article that
produces a substantial falsehood about them because of the content of the
story = lawsuit, although here I would probably think there was a
substantial connection. But the media didn't even take the pic - the police
did. I understand the article said he wasn't wanted, but that was still
highly suggestive and in bad taste considering the nature of the content.
See, e.g. Mertzger v. Dell Pub. Co 207 Misc. 182, 136 N.Y.S.2d 888
(1955)(picture as part of story about gangs falsely portrayed plaintiff as a
gang member).
Visionics has released a statement in regard to their controversial CCTV
facial recognition technology, calling for federal legislation and
referencing their "responsible use guidelines." The WIRED story is here:
 (not by Declan)I
asked them for their "guidelines" and was directed to their "privacy
...."In the months to come, the Company will work closely with federal
legislators, privacy       interest and industry groups to share its
knowledge, experience and privacy protection principles pertaining to all
applications of face recognition technology. The Company will continue to
promote an improved public understanding of the creation, use and control of
facial recognition systems and will support public policy that ensures that
deployments of facial recognition are conducted in a way that upholds all
privacy rights." [...]
"Privacy rights" are based on legal doctrines, and not threats identifying
activities that are considered privacy-invasive to the average person. The
term "privacy rights" is not conducive to societal impact analysis or future
technological advances.
The International Biometric Industry Association position is that biometrics
is "electronic code" and not personal information:
 The IBIA has always advocated protective
legislation. For an idea of industry sentiment, the IBIA response to one
California bill is here:  (bill would
have required a warrant.)
The push for legislation is pre-emptive in nature.
Curious to hear from our privacy advocates as to whether or not they have
been contacted by Visionics for this initiative.
Visionics has come under fire from within the biometrics industry.

@_date: 2001-08-09 12:43:31
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: Ybor City's face recognition cameras claim their first 
[I'm catching heat on the biometric biggies list now...below some of my
If a background picture is used for an article and it produces a substantial
falsehood because of the content of the story, courts have found that the
relationship link between the use of a person's identity and the
newsworthiness of the story is not satisfied. See, e.g. Metzger v. Dell Pub.
Co., 207 Misc 182, 136 N.Y.S.2d 888 (1955) (picture as part of story on
gangs, falsely portrayed plaintiff as gang member). However, realize the
power of the First Amendment in more modern contexts.....
Still, I still consider it in very poor taste. The police are not the media.
Due to the concerns here, standards should be at the ceiling -- not the
legal floor. Was that a "permissible purpose?" Or was that a secondary
purpose the man did not anticipate when he walked past the "Smart CCTV"
sign? I would argue that under well-established privacy principles, that was
an impermissible use and secondary purpose. I don't think he anticipated
being used as a "model." Permissible purpose is the cornerstone of
information privacy.
Is one permissible purpose not in their operation and use policy? Obviously
not. Or, they ignored it. Or, nobody explained it to them.  Or, they just
didn't care? (Is the media report about how this came about deceptive?)
Look, I've got celebrities being subjected to CCTV bounties. I'm seeing
rogue surveillance footage on the Net as entertainment. Even wiretap
Any surveillance policy has to incorporate one permissible purpose. That
content should never leave the scope of the security purpose. I don't think
a "publicity purpose" qualifies. A subject's image is not marketing
material. Furthermore, access to material outside of the security purpose
and identified security personnel probably needs to include a subpoena. No,
not even for demonstration. Many people would have considered this an
incident of "data abuse."
At the surface, and based on the media reports (again, suspect) this looks
like a gross violation of public trust.

@_date: 2001-08-09 13:22:56
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: Ybor City's face recognition cameras claim their first   
It is biometric.
It should. Realize the IBIA has been very responsible, in comparison to
other industries. They had some problems with the CA bill, but left a lot of
the safeguards. The industry wants to see safeguards - but yes, they serve
their own interests.
Go look at the IBIA membership - where are the privacy advocate positions?
They do have some noted advisors. They offer a membership for end-users but
it is more expensive than one of their lower-tier vendors. I see the reasons
for it, common in many industry associations. However, I wish more of them
(specifically, the IBIA and the SIA - Security Industry Association) would
establish formal advisory relationships with privacy advocacy groups.
I advocate a *new* privacy advocacy group for security-privacy and
That's a big medical privacy issue. Interesting cases on that.
First Monday just had an interesting paper on blind research
infomediaries...I was trying to turn it into something we had talked about
privately...go over there an look....didn't look like it would work.
Ah, fair information code of practice - yes, indeed. However,
security-privacy is a unique juncture. I argue that they should incorporate
more of these standards. I don't like their principles approach. Show me
exemplar guidelines that are comprehensive in nature. Show me a
-deleted as to too sensitive and cypherpunk-provoking-
Sent to you privately.
Are we moving to a biometric crypto-passphrase? Good/bad? Why?
No hypo, but I just heard something about ANONYMOUS biometric digital cash.
How the hell do you do that?

@_date: 2001-08-09 14:55:47
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: INTERCEPT THIS. 
Somebody offlist flipped my "internet rant generator." I will not stoop to
respond to this snoopy, low-life, lapdog, cog-in-the-wheel directly, (and
the high-and-mighty &^%$ denied me the opportunity). So, please excuse
"The issue in this case is clouded and concealed by the very discussion of
it in legalistic terms. What the ancients knew as 'eavesdropping,' we now
call 'electronic surveillance'; but to equate the two is to treat man's
first gunpowder on the same level as the nuclear bomb. Electronic
surveillance is the greatest leveler of human privacy ever known. How most
forms of it can be held 'reasonable' within the Fourth Amendment is a
mystery." --- Justice Douglas, dissenting, United States v. White, 401 US.
745 (1971).
A keystroke is not a mere physical action - it is a contemporaneous
reflection of what is going on in your head. It is the contemporaneous
interception of mental processes. I am not just "typing," I am thinking. A
keystroke logger is akin to another recording device that is restricted for
these very reasons: the polygraph.
The ability to compose one's thoughts through writing, in private, should be
an inviolable sanctuary. The law enforcement interest in garnering a
passphrase to decrypt for the most heinous of criminal purposes pales in
comparison to the importance of forever precluding the government from
intruding on the genesis of human achievement at the sacred moment of its
inception: taking your thoughts to the written word.
As always, if they want it, they can come seize it, or intercept it.
Interception and seizure always was about giving the government an
opportunity to "get it." You took a risk by creating and having a document
in your possession for a meaningful length of time - at least SOME length of
time, or by "speaking your mind." Today, we press "SEND." You subjected your
thoughts or words to a meaningful exposure. Now, because of a "passphrase,"
the government would have the act of merely putting a pen to paper to
construct your thoughts require a similar act of courage.
Yes, what you write is subject to seizure. Still, there is an important
Surely, some drafts of constitutional provisions ended up in the embers of a
fire, and we will never know the thoughts of the author that were penned and
destroyed in private. To James Madison, a keystroke logger would look like a
"tattletale quill." Had there been "tattletale quills" back then, I wouldn't
be ranting about Scarfo, because we would have ever been afforded the
protections the Constitution. The thoughts leading to the Fourth Amendment
would have never seen parchment. Nor would have The Federalist Papers seen
ink. The Crown would have interloped between the men and their manuscripts.
Do you not realize the nature of this invasion! The government just turned a
man's writing utensil into a wired government informant! How can a fair
construction of the Fourth Amendment subject every American to question the
trustworthiness of their pen? To have your pen as a contemporaneous witness
against yourself?
We must preserve as inviolate what little remains of that same sanctity
between pen and paper that the Founders had when they framed their thoughts.
The sanctity I speak of is that "sense of security" in knowing that you have
the opportunity, no matter how brief or illusory, to consider your words
before rendering them available to the senses of others. That is the
wellspring of thought. Furthermore, are you not entitled to the same
forgiving fire James Madison had, should you be able to fairly avail
yourself of it?
Think of the great thought that would never have been -- but for handy
fires, and that _moment_ of sanctum when a man's pen hits his paper. At that
moment, the historic* meanings of the Fourth and Fifth Amendments don't "run
almost into each other," as in Boyd v. United States, 116 U.S. 616 (1886),
they collide.
"Ways may some day be developed by which the Government, without removing
papers from secret drawers can reproduce them in court, and by which it will
be enabled to expose to a jury the most intimate conveyances of the home.
Advances in the psychic and related sciences may bring means of exploring
unexpressed beliefs, thoughts and emotions.... -- Justice Brandeis,
dissenting, Olmstead v. United States, 277 U.S. 438 (1928).
*Emphasis on historic.

@_date: 2001-08-09 16:46:55
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: Mind rape [was: Re: INTERCEPT THIS] 
As to your first point, not exactly, I was trying to distinguish something
THIS SNAKE said, and the entire basis of his law-oriented argument: "no
difference/same data/no intercept" -- I think the moment is important
because of the sense of security we have at THAT moment is an extreme
interest. Is the interception requirement just a result the technology from
our telephone wire past? It would seem the moment of genesis is even more
sacred, not less.
You went farther into the 5th/mental processes, and I don't know that
anybody has put it so well. I replied to your points individually, but felt
like I was being inconsiderate of your thoughts in breaking them up.
Certainly words this most-high individual should hear.
Cypherpunks should reply to Scarfo EN BLOC.
I know it's "old news" to you old dogs, but it isn't to everybody else. Your
words do travel. You are 10 ahead of the public agenda. Or, you used to be.
"The agenda" appears to be catching up with you.

@_date: 2001-08-10 10:07:17
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: Mind rape [was: Re: INTERCEPT THIS] 
That's why I cited to Boyd v. United States, 116 U.S. 616 (1886):
...The principal question, however, remains to be considered. Is a search
and seizure or, what is equivalent thereto, a compulsory production of a
man's private papers, to be used in evidence against him in a proceeding to
forfeit his property for alleged fraud against the revenue laws--is such a
proceeding for such a purpose an "unreasonable search and seizure" within
the meaning of the Fourth Amendment of the Constitution?.... As before
stated, the Act of 1863 was the first Act in this country, and we might say
either in this country or in England, so far as we have been able to
ascertain, which authorized the search and seizure of a man's private papers
or the compulsory production of them, for the purpose of using them in
evidence against him in a criminal case, or in a proceeding to enforce the
forfeiture of his property. Even the Act under which the obnoxious writs of
assistance were issued did not go as far as this, but only authorized the
examination of ships and vessels and persons found therein, for the purpose
of finding goods prohibited to be imported or exported, or on which the
duties were not paid; and to enter into and search any suspected vaults,
cellars or warehouses for such goods. The search for and seizure of stolen
or forfeited goods or goods liable to duties and concealed to avoid the
payment thereof are totally different things from a search for and seizure
of a man's private books and papers for the purpose of obtaining information
therein contained, or of using them as evidence against him. The two things
differ toto coelo.
(Boyd was 'done away with' in Adams v. New York.)

@_date: 2001-08-10 10:58:48
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: BOMB PLANS 
Enough bomb-making slapstick, already. This is not bomb-punks.

@_date: 2001-08-11 15:22:59
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: RE BOMB PLANS 
Ditto, and it can be used to mischaracterize the list and participants.
Should some continue to persist, they might notice a sudden, and sharp
influx of new female personalities discussing....
-interior decorating tips
-personal hygiene
-manicures & hair styles
-the new official colors for 2001
...and so on, and etc.

@_date: 2001-08-11 19:49:22
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: RE BOMB PLANS 
>
[deleted stuff that Dr. Evil said]
I should know better by now. No thanks. I know enough of the archives....
I retract my weak threat.
They can measure and follow recipes.

@_date: 2001-08-12 00:10:02
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: BOMB *SPEECH* 
No "bomb plans" in here. I never got the idea there was "a plan," It's
so-called "bomb speech," and controversy has raised to the status of
metaphor for the First Amendment -- a form of online, nonviolent protest on
free speech restrictions.
Thanks for volunteering me, Secret Squirrel. But, no thanks, I pay attention
to details.
The thing about stupidity is that it can give people the justification to
find something "smart," or somebody else "smarter."
Here is "842" --- I assume this is what everybody is talking about?
(2) Prohibition. - It shall be unlawful for any person -
(A) to teach or demonstrate the making or use of an explosive, a destructive
device, or a weapon of mass destruction, or to distribute by any means
information pertaining to, in whole or in part, the manufacture or use of an
explosive, destructive device, or weapon of mass destruction, with the
intent that the teaching, demonstration, or information be used for, or in
furtherance of, an activity that constitutes a Federal crime of violence; or
(B) to teach or demonstrate to any person the making or use of an explosive,
a destructive device, or a weapon of mass destruction, or to distribute to
any person, by any means,
information pertaining to, in whole or in part, the manufacture or use of an
explosive, destructive device, or weapon of mass destruction, knowing that
such person intends to use the
teaching, demonstration, or information for, or in furtherance of, an
activity that constitutes a Federal crime of violence.
Legality? Can they make the intent stick? I dunno, I'm not a "bomb lawyer."
I would imagine mailing lists lend themselves to conspiracy. Do you ever
"conspire?" Criminal lawyers tell me that's bad.
BTW, have there been any ..."conspiratorial activities threatening the
national security interest" in here? Ever? What about "malicious mischief?"
Some of you sound awful mischievous to me..... Any indications that anybody
in here is engaged in the "unlawful use of explosives?" Oh, I'll just Google
it up. I forget. How convenient.

@_date: 2001-08-12 21:00:05
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: unknown_subject 
Would somebody explain e-gold's privacy features to me?
Pretty please?

@_date: 2001-08-14 17:24:19
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: Organized crime groups going online, report says -- beware! 
....it's The Seven Seals.....
I wonder if they could get me off Windows.

@_date: 2001-08-16 00:29:23
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: Bomb Law Reporter Vol. 1 No. 1 
[Since some remailer-idiots want to talk about bombs in here and grossly
mischaracterize an entire forum.]
In this issue....
US v. "DUMB BOMB GUY," No 5555 (...in this country, recently.) [*FN1]
BLR's Analysis:
-Bombs are bad.
-Judges are "not amused" by bombs.
-Special Agent X doesn't like bombs.
-Make sure your bombs conform to any applicable ATF registration
requirements. *laughter*

@_date: 2001-08-17 01:48:34
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: Bomb Law Reporter - special edition 
[BLR has recently been the subject of media attacks and poison pen letters.]
See United States Code, Title 18, Ch. 40, Section 842. Also see Section 844.
Lookee here:  United States v.
Progressive, 467 F.Supp. 990 (W.D. Wis. 1979), was a long time ago. I
recognize that successful prosecution is probably a long-shot.
My point is that I'm sitting here talking to somebody named "bombmonger." Go
back to playing with sparklers and blowing things up in the microwave. If
you have any real bombs, I bet the ATF has a toll-free help-line, offering
friendly and immediate assistance to assist you through the "bomb
registration process."
...."quite possibly" ...FBI "Black Ops Blow-Em-Up" teams? Uh-uhm. If had to
guess, I would bet that explosives take a lot of paperwork. Bombs are not
efficient investigative tools for law enforcement. They blow up the evidence
and the criminal. It's hard to run surveillance on a blown-up target. That
would be LEA "disintermediation." They also make a lot of noise.
Accusing me of trickery on the tribunal? Himf. See US v. EATON, No 00-1276
(10th Cir. August 14, 2001).
Never said it was. However, talking about bombs and arms trafficking along
with crypto is like turning on a "UC bugzapper." You're talking about the
courtroom. Agents make the facts.
AGENT: "Oh, he's just talking about bomb recipes. If ONLY he would just
state his 'intention to deploy' so I could investigate and [...] to see just
what the heck he's doing over there."
AGENT: "Oh, they are talking about bombs, again. Oh, I would I could just
make them stop! Damn this free speech stuff!"
I am aware of the long-standing, oft-debated, legal analogy between crypto
and bombs related to the First Amendment. (Heck, it's even in court
pleadings.) AN ANALOGY. For some reason, I think crypto + bomb talk = bad
things, and it's a mischaracterization of this forum.

@_date: 2001-08-17 06:03:24
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: Bomb Law Reporter - special edition 
>
No, Reese, I didn't want to expose an agent to Googling.
A modern version: "I disagree with bomb recipes, but support your right to
provide bomb recipes, as long as I am not standing next to you, or
associated with you in any way." Things work differently now, see?

@_date: 2001-08-17 08:49:04
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: Surreptitious polygraph surveillance. 
In the field. Courtesy of the "I-have-nothing-to-hide" people....
"Go Ahead, Try to Lie"
Discover (07/01); Wright, Karen
The U.S. Department of Defense is attempting to create a
better polygraph machine. The polygraph machine, which was
first introduced almost 100 years ago, is routinely used to
screen thousands of job applicants and government employees
every year, as well as in criminal investigations. In recent
times, however, the device's reputation has suffered from
claims that its use violates people's privacy and that it is
not always reliable. Over the last 24 months, the U.S.
Department of Defense has increased research on alternative
technologies through studies regulated by its Fort Jackson,
S.C.-based Polygraph Institute. Andrew Ryan, chief of research
at the institute, is working with the Johns Hopkins University
Applied Physics Laboratory to create software that can detect
minor variations in biofeedback to tell if someone is lying.
The institute is also looking into technologies that could
augment polygraph testing with techniques that are less
invasive. The U.S. Customs service has been testing a
remote-sensing device for the capture of smugglers, which
measures incriminating inflections, vibrations, and tones in a
person's voice. Muscle tremors might also provide indications
that someone is lying, and these can be detected using a
body-scanning laser, which also determines respiration and
heart rates. The level of blood flow, which can be configured
by measuring skin-surface temperature, might also change when
someone is lying: a recent pilot study using thermal imaging
cameras was able to detect a person lying 78 percent of the
time. (
Source: NLECTC Law Enforcement & Corrections
Technology News Summary should be cited as the source of the
information. Copyright 2001, Information Inc., Bethesda, MD.
If that ever becomes spousal-dateware, I bet they change their mind THEN.
Next, they will figure out a way to do that with keystroke dynamics (and
keystroke dynamic biometrics) and stop people lying on the Internet. The
death of us all!
See Long Beach City Employees Ass'n v. City of Long Beach, 41 Cal.3d 937,
719 P.2d 660 (1986), for a good explanation of why polygraphs are considered
more intrusive than a written or verbal interrogation.

@_date: 2001-08-17 11:35:46
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: Bomb Law Reporter - special edition 
>
There probably wasn't...agents go on the record. Agents don't get to use
remailers and cower behind them.
I was being sarcastic.
Do you think you need probable cause for investigation?

@_date: 2001-08-18 09:59:56
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: Bomb Law Reporter - special edition 
>
Reese: (incited)
I was brought up not to gossip. *batty eyelashes*
I was also taught not to turn over rocks.
Good point, I was just gigging you, Reese. Lighten up. :)
Show me proof that you don't have a brain, and that you shall never use it.
That might keep you out of trouble.
I wouldn't know about that.
I wouldn't know about that.
Why then, the subterfuge regarding the identities? Why not be
straightforward about it to begin with?
*reptilian slithering sounds*

@_date: 2001-08-18 12:58:17
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: Bomb Law Reporter - special edition 
See Anderson v. Hale, N.D. Ill., No. 00-C-2021, 05/10/01

@_date: 2001-08-19 05:55:12
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: Bomb Law Reporter - special edition 
An Metet:
Suspect? Gee, what gave me away? The A team. UNMASKED!
The B team. Slides in behind the A team....
Think they sent us to come put a stop to all the subversive code being
written in here?
Yes, it's true, we waited until 2001 to infiltrate your "email list" with
Jezebel Women and compromise your leaders. Our mission? To secure positions
of power and influence to prepare for the coming of "crypto-anarchy." Ah,
but we didn't count on the highly-developed counterintelligence skillset of
cypherpunk list members, much less the CPUNKOPSEC team led by An Metat. That
blew us up. You win. We give up.
If you let us go, we'll give you back your biometrics (we've got them all,
including keystroke dynamics - no, we don't need a keylogger), language
identifiers and friendship trees. We'll also release our hostages, and give
you the antidotes to our love potions -- but only in exchange for Choate.
We want to express our appreciation for the intelligence, and the ideas,
that you have provided the U.S. Government with over the years. This list
has been one of our most successful ops.
However, we discovered the list is no longer an asset. You stopped writing
code and turned into a bitch-tank full of bomb-talk and bimbo-bashing.
(We're da guvmint, we know how to make bombs, bitch and bimbo better than
you do.) You're not giving us good ideas. It's all "well-trod ground," you
see? Everything we need is in the archives. So, sadly, we must part ways,
pending certain "administrative paperwork."
PS: Listen to the remailer guy. He's here to help.

@_date: 2001-08-21 21:38:05
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: Raid 'em, raid 'em now. 
com>
Mors et vita in manibus lingue.
This terroristic defamation isn't funny, considering where I reside. If you
spotlighted a tree around here, you would think it was Secret Squirrel
mating season. (If you know anything about raccoons and Crawford, Texas.)

@_date: 2001-08-22 00:45:43
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: Raid 'em, raid 'em now. 
Uhm, no. The SS is very pro. And that is THE DETAIL. (As for me, I figure
somebody can read my communication attributes. On second thought... *ponder*
I think a keystroke logger would be a good thing for me.) Realize the
cultural differences. A bunch of highly-educated, clean-cut professional
agents breaking into a female's house around here... it could be that some
women around here don't want to issue warrants -- they want to issue
I have an interest in VIP privacy problems, so I'm appalled by the circus
and fanfare. I imagine they wanted some solitude -- what little they can
steal. I had a cabin in CLOSE proximity, and I didn't gawk once. All I know:
I now have take-out prime rib down the road.

@_date: 2001-08-22 08:46:19
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: Raid 'em, raid 'em now. 
It went through some redaction. It gives rise to a form of elliptical

@_date: 2001-08-25 13:22:04
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: Jim Bell sentenced to 10 years in prison 
I don't always monitor folders, for me a CC is a courtesy.

@_date: 2001-08-27 16:00:55
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: The Privacy/Untraceability Sweet Spot 
Tim May:
No, you want E.E.T. -- "Espionage-enhancing Technologies."
Some of you need a lawyer on your shoulder. Like a little parrot. *squawk!*
ECPA Section 2516(1)(p); FISA, if that includes being controlled by aliens
from outer-space; USC Title 18 1831.
Believe me, I am.
Section 1831 Economic espionage
(a) In General - Whoever, intending or knowing that the offense will benefit
any foreign government, foreign instrumentality, or foreign agent,
knowingly -
(1) steals, or without authorization appropriates, takes, carries away, or
conceals, or by fraud, artifice, or deception obtains a trade secret;
(2) without authorization copies, duplicates, sketches, draws, photographs,
downloads, uploads, alters, destroys, photocopies, replicates, transmits,
delivers, sends, mails, communicates, or conveys a trade secret,
(3) receives, buys, or possesses a trade secret, knowing the same to have
been stolen or appropriated, obtained, or converted without authorization,
(4) attempts to commit any offense described in any of paragraphs (1)
through (3), or
(5) conspires with one or more other persons to commit any offense described
in any of paragraphs (1) through (3), and one or more of such persons do any
act to effect the object of the conspiracy, shall, except as provided in
subsection (b), be fined not more than $500,000 or imprisoned not more than
15 years, or both.
Section 1837 Applicability to conduct outside the United States
This chapter also applies to conduct occurring outside the United States if
(1) the offender is a natural person who is a citizen or permanent resident
alien of the United States, or an organization organized under the laws of
the United States or a State or political subdivision thereof-, or
(2) an act in furtherance of the offense was committed in the United States.
Your idea does seem to offer promise as a vehicle for treason, espionage,
trade secrets, malicious mischief, piracy, bribery of public officials,
concealment of assets, transmission of wagering information, murder for
hire, threatening or retaliating against Federal officials, a transactional
environment for nuclear and biologic weapons, narcotic and arms
trafficking....sweet spots. *shakes head*
This is not legal advice. It's an obituary. :)
I talked about this before, as an OSINT channel for the U.S. Government.
o BlackNet has legitimate intelligence applications.
o For it to work in a "secrets market," you would need to tap the ground
channels and have the analytics. Intelligence isn't a Chia pet..."just add
BlackNet and watch it grow!" Surely, untraceability does not equivocate to
instant source cultivation.
o You can get what you need by listening to the right person. Once you've
spotted and recruited the right person, THEN you need a transactional
channel, but only if you want to pursue a source relationship -- and you
usually do. You need analysis, not information. The problem isn't the lack
of a fence -- but the difficulty in defining your collection goals, spotting
the right person, knowing what to elicit, and having the analytics to refine
an intelligence product. Self-offerings are viewed with suspicion. Can a
third-party spot talent for you?  Talent: businessmen, academics and
informants. That's a very HUMAN high-touch problem.
o A holistic solution would cut down the costs of stealth, transfer risk,
and possibly would assist in spotting, but I don't know that zero-contact is
all it is represented to be. Is the equivalent of an anon e-bay going to
answer your strategic issues? You have to define and meet your collection
o Anonymity can be a problem. You need authentication. You would like
blinded biometrics.
o I would think the ROI would be where you can shoehorn into existing
intelligence channels and groundwork. That's either a sovereign, an
intermediary wrapped in the skirts of a sovereign, a defense contractor, or
an untouchable intermediary. If not bona-fide intelligence, you're left with
the criminal element, IRA and so forth. Most move product and still have
distribution channels. Yeah, the IRA would like digital cash, they are
buying arms with offshore debit cards.
o It seems like _damn bad timing_ for a discussion in this context. This
should be couched in terms of a beneficial application, rather than
something subversive. It's like the fall of Knights Templar in here. What
happened to the pilgrims' safe passage?
L'Empireur doit jtre considiri comme le messie des idies nouvelles.

@_date: 2001-08-27 21:53:36
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: Agents kick crypto ass....was The Privacy/Untraceability Sweet 
The EEA wasn't passed until 96. I failed to mention Title 18 United States
Code, Section(s) 794(c).
"Agents kick crypto ass."
His training in the Air Force included cryptanalysis...In the Fall of 2000,
reliable source information indicated....Also in the Fall of 2000, reliable
source information.... The encrypted messages, which were decrypted by the
U.S. government,.... On June 21, 2001, Regan sent an email from an account
registered in his own name to an email account in the name of his wife. The
email attached one page of alphanumeric encryption key that appears to be
similar to the encryption technique described in paragraphs 10, 11 and 12,
above....Regan was confronted by FBI special agents at the airport at
approximately 5:35 p.m. In response to a question from this affiant, Regan
denied knowledge of cryptology, coding and decoding. However, when shown
photographs of the alphanumeric tables, which appear to be related to
cryptology, which tables had been in his carry-on bag, he stated "This is my
stuff." Regan was arrested shortly thereafter....Also in Regan's carry-on
bag when he was stopped by the FBI at Dulles Airport on August 23, 2001, was
a hand-held global positioning system ("GPS"). Based on my training and
experience in intelligence matters, I know that a GPS unit can be used to
locate a specific site for drop or signal sites."
That wouldn't be what has your little mice running in their wheels, would
Ah, Tim makes a funny.

@_date: 2001-08-27 23:22:37
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: Agents kick crypto ass....was The Privacy/Untraceability  
Your role as a son-uv-a-bitch to me is noted.
Trying to keep people out of trouble is a "provocateur?" Gee, sorry to
dampen your conspiracy.
I posted Regan because it was directly relevant to this discussion, and it
makes a couple of points -- some of which run in your favor.
Considering the incredibly bad timing of this discussion in light of world
events, I don't see how you could call ME a provocateur. My jibe was
good-natured. You keep posting the equivalent of classified ads. I know who
wants this shit now, and it's not "little bad men."
I have not tried to sex the SS. This is not to say I don't pay attention to
My AP# is on file with your organization.

@_date: 2001-08-28 00:08:33
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: Agents kick crypto ass....was The Privacy/Untraceability  
When I said "prime rib," I meant PRIME RIB. Our little hamburger joint has
taken on greater culinary responsibility.

@_date: 2001-08-28 00:15:00
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: Agents kick crypto ass....was The Privacy/Untraceability   
I don't think I complained about their timing, I think I complained about
their very existence.

@_date: 2001-08-28 01:02:42
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: The Privacy/Untraceability Sweet Spot 
>
Damn it, Reese, I didn't say that. Can anybody here read between the lines?
Helloooo? *echo-echo-echo*
That is not my attitude at all, Reese. I obviously like Tim's Blacknet.
However, I don't like it being characterized as a subversive tool, and damn
sure not in terms that might indicate a criminal conspiracy for shopping out
secrets to Libya.
Oh, Noooooo!!!!!
No shit.
Again, I was speaking within the confines of a very limited application
where authentication can be rather critical.
As I stated, I was examining it in the context of an _intelligence
application_. I wonder if that's a good contract, but obviously not....why
do I even bother? *sigh*
I was merely pointing out that people that crypto does not "beam" product.
Solve the ship-submarine ditching problem if you want to help that scum.
They've caught on to our "slow-the-conversation" tactic!! Oh, whatever shall
we do now? *slap to side of face* "Run some numbers?" What?
I flag posts in here that might qualify for Title I interceptions. This
month is looking to be a record-breaker.
Excuse me, my "handlers" are calling.....Sorry, I'm not allowed to talk
about this.
Damnit, I'm not censoring anybody. I believe in the First Amendment. It's
such a good source of intelligence and so often leads to probable cause.
Real ducks neither quack nor waddle, Reese.
I'm going to go outside now, and talk to snails.

@_date: 2001-08-28 10:42:18
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: The Privacy/Untraceability Sweet Spot 
I might understand this better than you think.
Twit: my pet name in here.
I'm not sticking my head in that noose.
So, now, it's...
"BlackNet; Case History of a Practically Untraceable System for Buying and
Selling Corporate and National Secrets.... to foreign adversaries, and to
spur the collapse of governments."
Just out of curiosity, how many of you would sign on to a project like that?
Would you please post a statement of interest, and detail how you would
contribute to such a project?

@_date: 2001-08-28 11:17:48
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: The Privacy/Untraceability Sweet Spot 
Tim makes me think that "BlackNet" is already fielded. If not, why not?
After all, it's been around since 1992-3. (Now, if Tim had buyer-interest,
that would make me think differently about BlackNet.)

@_date: 2001-08-28 12:11:41
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: Aimee's sweet spot 
I see that.
Yeah, ok, that was good. I see the point, damn it. :) It's just that I see
other points, too, okay? Forgive me for caring. I won't do it again.

@_date: 2001-08-28 13:30:42
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: Jim Bell sentenced to 10 years in prison 
.  us>
Bad karma, buddy.
There's only one thing worse than calling agents....
Your little .sig would make a cute footnote to a judge's opinion.
I would say something, but I've been reminded that you're supposed to let
convicts dig their own graves.
In multiloquio non effugies peccatum.

@_date: 2001-08-28 18:34:36
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: 2:3 ain't bad 
Mike said:
I have reason to think you would find _considerable_ interest.
However, they want a complete solution with a personal touch.

@_date: 2001-08-28 23:16:23
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: The Privacy/Untraceability Sweet Spot  
You have good eyes, Bear.
I'll be a good girl from now on. I just watched Hannibal: the brain scene.
"Quid pro quo, Clarice...quid pro quo....." *shiver* ....reminds me of
somebody in here.
I support strong crypto. Again, I find Steele's arguments persuasive and

@_date: 2001-08-29 00:41:35
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: Federal Agent Aimee Farr 
My, you're playful tonight.
You already know there is nothing there. And, if I was anything like that,
you would handle it a little differently.
I get your message, Tim.

@_date: 2001-08-29 19:48:55
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: True threat, Malicious Infosposure and "TNAs" 
How do federal officials fit into the more recent "true threat" analysis?
See 18 U.S.C. Sects 115; United States v. Orozco-Santillan, 903 F.2d 1262
(9th Cir. 1990). Obviously, I'm missing something.
As for my mysterious disappearances -- I went to law school.
Before that, I was in a convent.
Before that, GCPP (Girl-Child Protection Program).

@_date: 2001-02-09 12:40:22
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: Crypto McCarthyism ...thoughts, gentlemen? 
Looking for a modern revisitation of this 1996 Cyber McCarthyism paper
(snips below). Something with an academic & empirical focus. Eh, I'm not
holding my breath....so, I would equally value your thoughts on the
following, in light of all the "cryptoboogeymen" popping out of closets into
guv'mint press releases and hearings lately:
o What do you think about [1-2]?
o Contemporary parallels? (use of crypto as an aggravating factor in
punishment, etc.)
o Finally, how could [3] come about in the context of crypto (and other
digital freedoms)?
Whatever. Somehow, I don't think this group likes pointy questions. My
apologies for the intrusion, I return to you to your regularly scheduled
Choatian programming, and thoughts of edible panties.
[*]appearances suggest an absence of participatory estrogen in here.
Electronic Journal of Sociology (1996)
ISSN: 1176 7323
Cyber McCarthyism: Witch Hunts in the Living Room
[1] "This paper examines the potential for electronic communication to spark
mass hate such as that seen in colonial Salem and during the McCarthy
[2] "The elements which go into the development of mass hate include the
following: 1) strains on the community through the recognition of a moral
boundary crisis and identification of villains, 2) crystallizing of
patterned labelling through a degradation ceremony, 3) appropriation of the
social apparatus and suppression of critique mechanisms, 4) restoration of a
normal situation."
[3] "Finally, the fervour came under control. In both of these cases this
occurred when the mass hate became a serious threat to the established power
structure, members of the government in the case of colonial Salem and the
Army in the case of McCarthyism."
mailto:aimee.farr at pobox.com
Aimee E. Farr, Esq.
LAW OFFICE OF AIMEE E. FARR
5400 Bosque, Suite 675
Waco, Texas 76710-4418
office: 254.751.0030
fax: 254.751.09673

@_date: 2001-02-10 22:16:01
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: Formal apology  (RE: Crypto McCarthyism ...thoughts, gentlemen?) 
Declan, I appreciate your bringing this matter to my attention. My sincere
apologies to both you, the cypherpunk community and subscribers. My comments
were tongue-in-cheek, a friendly remark regarding Choate's stealth-linkage,
and his remarks toward women's undergarments, which I found humorous. My
comment in regard to "pointy questions" was an attempt to give any
respondents a wide berth in their replies, in recognition of the fact I
could be asking the wrong questions, and was receptive of any insight. It
was also a reference the number of mysterious queries that flow across the
list. My reference to Gentlemen was also not meant disrespectfully, but as a
subtle query.
Nevertheless, I came across as abrasive and offended members of this forum.
_Ladies_ & Gentlemen, you have my apologies for both my breach of decorum
and disrespect. Such was certainly not my intention. I stand firmly
reprimanded for my hasteful correspondence: [SUBJ: CRYPTO
McCARTHYISM...THOUGHTS, GENTLEMEN?]
You all have my admiration and respect, which is why I posed my questions to
this distinguished group. (I am preparing to debate these issues in a
private and hostile forum against experienced opposition. With a few notable
exceptions, like Declan, certain viewpoints and experiences are
under-represented in traditional source banks.)
Excuse my long-windedness. I am trying to convey my intent and sincerity,
and make a public, searchable record of my disrepute, my Declan-bitchslap
and my apology; not to make excuses for my inappropriate, and inexcusable
Most sincerely,
mailto:aimee.farr at pobox.com
Aimee E. Farr
Law Office Of Aimee E. Farr
5400 Bosque, Suite 675
Waco, Texas 76710-4418
254.751.0030 | 751.0963(fax)

@_date: 2001-02-11 13:37:59
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: (RE: Crypto McCarthyism ...thoughts,   gentlemen?) 
No. I am a woman of few talents, however, to my dismay, it seems this is one
of them. My comments were sincere. I am just sorry that my prose is
Yes. However, I've been here a while. The dynamics of this community is
somewhat difficult to grasp, and I can only beg your understanding of the
Yes. This was a grievous error. I am new, and obviously used inappropriate,
and possibly offensive jargon, in addition to my tasteless introduction.
No. I can get myself "fixed," if necessary, so as to render any
killing-proposition moot. Alternatively, my whereabouts are a matter of
public record.
aimee.farr at pobox.com
Aimee E. Farr
Law Office Of Aimee E. Farr
5400 Bosque, Suite 675
Waco, Texas 76710-4418
254.751.0030 | 751.0963(fax)

@_date: 2001-02-11 13:38:09
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: Crypto McCarthyism ...thoughts, gentlemen? 
The ALPHA Male said:
Yes. A profound statement, and one that I have no quarrel with.
Yes. However, what it lacks in estrogen, it is making up for in
testosterone. In truth, my comment was directed toward any women lurking
No. Quite the opposite.
aimee.farr at pobox.com
Aimee E. Farr
Law Office Of Aimee E. Farr
5400 Bosque, Suite 675
Waco, Texas 76710-4418
254.751.0030 | 751.0963(fax)

@_date: 2001-02-11 17:00:16
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: Formal apology  (RE: Crypto McCarthyism ...thoughts,  gentlemen?) 
Declan said:
to be
Yes, and we are starting to regulate the hell out of it. Outside of a
generic "Internet" sense....crypto is viewed as more threatening -- not
simply a conduit, but a means. The next domestic terrorist kaboom! is going
to have "bought to you by crypto" stenciled all over it by the US guvmint.
Our demographics don't speak of technosophisticates.
It --
I agree, but you yourself stated that the average American isn't that
concerned about privacy and won't purchase privacy enhancing technologies.
(In a general privacy sense, I don't see a lot of "privacy reclamation." I
do see a lot of notice provisions -- the functional equivalent of placing
99% of Americans in a social-adhesion contract.) I don't think it's
conservative. I think it is a new and unusual threat - to the majority of
(This could change, and
And the entertainment industry, a power-export, is right behind them.
Already we have an attempt to make crime-by-crypto cause for enhanced
punishment. Also, the guvmint is puppeting economic espionage/national
security in terms of crypto-enabled pirating. Add in the
terrorist-porn-crypto triangle... Smells like stigmatization to me.
Of course, you have all watched this battle for many years, so you have a
longevity of insight that I don't have. Probably just the same-ole-same-ole
to you, while it seems more dramatic to me.
-aimee.farr at pobox.com

@_date: 2001-02-12 16:30:18
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: Slashdot | Michigan May Outlaw Anonymity Online 
Mr. Choate said: "  ."
First, I like to think the 1st Amendment includes the right to _receive_
anonymously, as well as send/publish -- which implicates anonymous digital
cash. Second, sounds like _Lamont_, but it's content-neutral on its face. In
_Lamont_ the postal tried to make people "sign up" in order to receive
communist propaganda. Not surprisingly, people hesitated....
LAMONT @
They will argue the statute is content-neutral, aimed at secondary effects,
and withstands intermediate scrutiny....
RENTON @
Regarding ID requirements and ID as "content"....
MILLER @ MCINTYRE @ If they can't get in the constitutional front door, there's always the back.
... that would be why "cypherpunks write code;" what Mr. Back was
trying to impart to me. Ah.
aimee.farr at pobox.com
Aimee E. Farr, Esq.
Law Office Of Aimee E. Farr
5400 Bosque, Suite 675
Waco, Texas 76710-4418
office: 254.751.0030
fax: 254.751.0963

@_date: 2001-02-13 09:32:27
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: Ernst & Young guy is new Pres ZKS 
ERNST & YOUNG VETERAN TAMAS HEVIZI NAMED PRESIDENT AND CEO OF ZERO-KNOWLEDGE
"...a strategic business leader with an impressive track record
of growing sales and operations," said Hammie Hill, Zero-Knowledge Systems
chairman and chief financial officer.....
"...Austin Hill, formerly president of Zero-Knowledge Systems, will assume
the role of executive vice president and chief strategist...."
SVIC FOUNDER AND CEO ROBERT W. SHAW JOINS ZERO-KNOWLEDGE SYSTEMS' BOARD OF
"...Shaw's deep expertise building successful enterprise business platforms
and his strategic technology industry relationships to strengthen the
company's market position."
aimee.farr at pobox.com
Aimee E. Farr, Esq.
Law Office Of Aimee E. Farr
5400 Bosque, Suite 675
Waco, Texas 76710-4418
office: 254.751.0030
fax: 254.751.0963
PGP Key ID 0xD8986924

@_date: 2001-02-14 11:26:49
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: not Andy Kaufmann, more like... 
Sherlock Holmes.
It's also good spooksense: If "it" has no ego, "it" has an objective. If you
were to read May's comments to me with an eye between the lines, you might
see the true nature of my humiliation; ...but probably not. I like to think
I'm giving May overmuch credit;...but probably not.
   Aimee

@_date: 2001-02-16 14:22:31
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: Int'l. Criminal Court Debate - Tomorrow 3:00 p.m. E.T. 
-courtesy of thelibertycommittee.org
Additl lnks @  (pro ICC);
 (con ICC)
Aimee E. Farr
Law Office Of Aimee E. Farr
5400 Bosque, Suite 675
Waco, Texas 76710-4418
T: 254.751.0030
F: 254.751.0963
E: mailto:aimee.farr at pobox.com
K: 0x94AB84F1

@_date: 2001-02-19 15:28:51
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: Sovereignty v. global justice [was... Mohammed gets Miranda] 
[I refrained from posting yab, but Declan's latest Politech "FC: U.N. hopes
to shut down accused Rwandan journalist's web site" gigged me.]
Phillip H Zakas said:
Or, no slope ... according to some people's opinions of the International
Criminal Court. Many say we will be yielding our sovereignty, our
Constitution, and our procedural protections to this Court. (ICC advocates,
on the other hand, are quick to point out concord between the ICC and the US
Constitution:  .)
The ICC is an international court, judging _individuals_, not nation-states,
in regard to:
"the crime of genocide; crimes against humanity; war crimes; and the crime
of aggression." Many have expressed concern over subsequent extensions of
the Court's subject matter jurisdiction.  One commentator stated that even
if a nation is not a party to the Rome Statute, the ICC can still
investigate a crime within that nation according to ICC rules. [I haven't
read all the documentation, and I'm not about to, so I can't say about such
Yet another ill wind for criminal nation-states, sheltering sovereigns, and
putative techrepublics.

@_date: 2001-02-19 22:56:00
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: [Sovereignty v. global justice [was... Mohammed gets Miranda]] 
LUIS VILDOSOLA said:
According to the UN
Which illustrates that a crime is a legal wrong as defined by the sovereign.
Otherwise, what Jim said. I could add some legalese, but who wants that.
Your questions regarding semantics are highly relevant. The ICC is tangled
up in definitions of "the crime of aggression" at the moment. As far as the
definition of humanity, I'm not going to bite that.
Many nations feel that it will be used by the few, or the many, as a
political vehicle. Others fear the Court will extend it's subject matter
jurisdiction after gaining acceptance. The last 3 signatures before the Dec.
31 deadline were....Iran...Israel...US (Clinton on his way out - but don't
look for it getting past the Senate. The US Military is violently opposed.)
In the realm of lunatic possibilities, I can think of several areas where
there might be an interest in extending the Court's subject matter
jurisdiction to include other common denominators of criminality, according
to the majority world viewpoint, but I question if this would be undertaken.
Finding base emotional common denominators are easy, (using children as
shields, for example) but notions of criminality, and viewpoints regarding
the application of justice are anything but universal.
Since the traditional place of the sovereign is between the individual and
other nation-states, many view the ICC's "directness" as a significant
encroachment on sovereignty, and some say it's meant to be a restraint on
progress of a revolutionary nature. (ie corruption: make unfounded
allegations against a rebel leader, a foreign military force in residence,
Cypherpunks illustrate the importance of a "sheltering sovereign," and how
ideas can mature, take tangible form, and spread to other nation-states,
especially in a networked society. Many of the ideas put forth in this forum
would benefit from a criminal nation-state, a misnomer that includes a
spectrum running from liberty/tax havens to terrorist harbors. So, in my
naive view, anything that is viewed as an encroachment on sovereignty (or
asylum) has some relevance here.
[The ICC is a very politicized topic. I've been chewing at both ends of the
pro/con stick, which are equally sensational in nature. I'm certainly no
expert in foreign relations, or the ICC, so I encourage anybody interested
in this issue to do the same, and form their own opinion.]

@_date: 2001-02-20 20:46:26
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: Trolling for Conspirators | HUMINT For Dummies 
HUMINT FOR DUMMIES
Chapter 1.......Elicitation Tactics
Rule  NEVER ASK A DIRECT QUESTION.
A direct question is so close to the information you are trying to elicit,
that asking it arouses suspicion.
So, that rules out everybody but Sheriff Podunk, (uhm, and me).
I've been fascinated by these discreditation posts since I got here. I have
trouble attributing it to bona-fide law enforcement or other legitimized
interests, because it's bad enough to look like somebody is blowing smoke
and that this is provided for my amusement. Could the appropriate cointel
personnel, historian, and/or sympathetic parties clue me in, please?

@_date: 2001-02-21 11:19:58
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: UK TA2000 Sect. 12: "facilitating terrorist meetings" | Privacy consulting? Newsgroups? Privacy providers? 
Sect 12 Support Offense -- "facilitating meetings." Snip below.
Also see fundraising, money laundering, etc. where all it takes is
"reasonable cause to suspect" ....a negligence standard? This act seems to
mark the advent of "terrorist due diligence." I know many of you offer
paid/pro-bono "privacy"/TSCM consulting, or are providers of some sort that
could be viewed as enabling "designated" terrorist groups. Irrespective of
this specific act, I find this is a disturbing train of regulatory thought.
 (Article suggests
Newsgroups & ISPs)
Protest site: Act: 12. - (1) A person commits an offence if-
  (a) he invites support for a proscribed organisation, and
  (b) the support is not, or is not restricted to, the provision of money or
other property (within the meaning of section 15).
      (2) A person commits an offence if he arranges, manages or assists in
arranging or managing a meeting which he knows is-
  (a) to support a proscribed organisation,
  (b) to further the activities of a proscribed organisation, or
  (c) to be addressed by a person who belongs or professes to belong to a
proscribed organisation.
      (3) A person commits an offence if he addresses a meeting and the
purpose of his address is to encourage support for a proscribed organisation
or to further its activities.
      (4) Where a person is charged with an offence under subsection (2)(c)
in respect of a private meeting it is a defence for him to prove that he had
no reasonable cause to believe that the address mentioned in subsection
(2)(c) would support a proscribed organisation or further its activities.
      (5) In subsections (2) to (4)-
  (a) "meeting" means a meeting of three or more persons, whether or not the
public are admitted, and
  (b) a meeting is private if the public are not admitted.
      (6) A person guilty of an offence under this section shall be liable-
  (a) on conviction on indictment, to imprisonment for a term not exceeding
ten years, to a fine or to both, or
  (b) on summary conviction, to imprisonment for a term not exceeding six
months, to a fine not exceeding the statutory maximum or to both.
 ) Crown Copyright 2000
Aimee E. Farr, Esq.
Law Office Of Aimee E. Farr
5400 Bosque, Suite 675
Waco, Texas 76710-4418
T: 254.751.0030
F: 254.751.0963
E: mailto:aimee.farr at pobox.com
K: 0x94AB84F1

@_date: 2001-02-21 15:00:17
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: UK TA2000 Sect. 19: duty to report suspicious info  
blank frank said:
< "time to liberate the Brits..."
Makes you want to dress up like an Indian, storm aboard a moored British
sailing vessel, and chunk cargo into the harbor, doesn't it? Domestic
"property" terrorism is increasingly directed at corporate/private
interests; and you see those interests addressed in spades here.
Section 19 creates an affirmative duty to disclose information to
authorities if the information is "suspicious" as to past or future
violations of Sect. 15-18. The duty to fink is limited to a business or
quasi-business relationship, defined as information which comes to his
attention in the course of a trade, profession, business or employment.
Under the old UK terrorism law [read: IRA], the acts had to be political,
now they can be religious or ideological [read: ELF, ALF - speaking of
which, is there a Privacy Liberation Front?]).
Act @ Definition of Terrorism under TA2000
"1. - (1) In this Act "terrorism" means the use or threat of action where-
(a) the action falls within subsection (2),
(b) the use or threat is designed to influence the government or to
intimidate the public or a section of the public, and
(c) the use or threat is made for the purpose of advancing a political,
religious or ideological cause.
(2) Action falls within this subsection if it-
(a) involves serious violence against a person,
(b) involves serious damage to property,
(c) endangers a person's life, other than that of the person committing the
(d) creates a serious risk to the health or safety of the public or a
section of the public, or
(e) is designed seriously to interfere with or seriously to disrupt an
electronic system."
(But see Sect. 5.)
Aimee E. Farr
Law Office Of Aimee E. Farr
5400 Bosque, Suite 675
Waco, Texas 76710-4418
T: 254.751.0030
E: mailto:aimee.farr at pobox.com
K: 0x94AB84F1

@_date: 2001-02-26 15:06:08
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: The Mystery of Capital - on law 
Jim said:
I'm involved in forming a multidisciplinary Society For Transprecedential
Thinking & Legal Futurism - one proposed name - that would explore this
process. If this interests anybody, shoot me an email with a statement of

@_date: 2001-02-28 00:21:09
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: Confusion about Free Speech - reputation enforcement 
Tim May said:
I already know that you always say this.
I don't know that it does any good.
I'm not going to touch that wild free speech thread.
The Maghribi traders, ADR, blinded arbitration, an' all dat:
Friedman @
Now, suddenly free speech and defamation is relevant again, because of it's
role in reputation enforcement, at least in ID'd transactions. Nice shot,
Now you can say, "This is well-trod ground, even...."  Bah. ;-)
[I'm behind on all my email.]

@_date: 2001-02-28 00:32:46
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: Confusion about Free Speech - polycentric 
Jim said:
Polycentric law is older than the law itself. The Muslims and the Christians
used to trade using the Maghribi traders. They ran a _private legal system_.
Later, we saw the rise of the Law Merchant standards. If you broke the
rules, you were out. It runs on reputation capital. Polycentric law is the
order of the society. Most of the cypherpunk memes here are going to require
the equivalent of the Maghribi traders.
Code and other laws of cyberspace (Lessig, et. al.) are pointing out that
the Net has developed a society where one person can be subject to many
legal systems. A legal system is not just a state-sanctioned court. Now,
these two legal systems are competing. The static legal system is trying
avidly to address and stamp out it's new competitor. But there will always
be a place for the Maghribi (although the traditional role of a lawyer is
now very much in question) where the law does not go, or where it is
Coming from a traditionalist legal culture, I'm probably the worst person to
talk about it. My understanding is that this is an old cypherpunk topic.

@_date: 2001-02-28 08:25:36
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: HR 726: Ban on Internet firearm trading..."obtain, dispose, 
HR 726 [Feb. 26]
To ban the use of the Internet to obtain or dispose, or offer to obtain or
dispose of, a firearm.
Rep. Patsy Mink (D-HI)

@_date: 2001-02-28 12:06:58
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: KYU-5, KG-84, KY-54 encryption devices 
Tim May said:
Really? Well, damn. I'll have to try out that Google-thing sometime....
I can't figure out if you're irked by amateurish elicitation tactics, or if
you're trying to give me lessons in how to do better.

@_date: 2001-07-01 18:07:34
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: Aluminum underwear, pants, suitcases illegal in CO stores 
Regarding the criminalization of anti-surveillance devices aimed at
thwarting retail theft protection systems....(foil-lined bags, etc.)
There is a similar bill up in Texas. (I think I posted on this.) Actually,
this was addressed by other state legislatures as far back as 1988.
Meanwhile, DIY spyware is marketed on the Net with a clearly illusory
alternative purpose.
The security industry says it's a serious problem, but the criminalization
of countermeasures gives me considerable pause.

@_date: 2001-07-02 18:52:00
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: Tampa using cameras to scan for wanted faces-- 
Visionic's FaceIt was just successfully tested on ViA's wearable computer.
Biometric data is electronic code that is separate and distinct from
personal information.
[ ] T
[ ] F
Explain your answer:

@_date: 2001-07-02 19:56:15
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: Tampa using cameras to scan for wanted faces-- 
Tim's C&D letter:
That is quoting the biometric industry's policy position. When I ask that
question, most people usually turn to the question of 'what is personal
information,'or call it a "trick question." The comments are often
illuminating, in light of the fact this is the biometric industry's policy
statement. If I was to merely ask: "do you agree with the biometric industry
that...." I would not come by the insight I was after, or the analysis. It
"loads the question." So, I posed the question from an oblique.
I see you haven't been visited by the Fed Fairy. Not yet. Put a bullet under
your pillow.

@_date: 2001-07-02 20:46:58
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: Tampa using cameras to scan for wanted faces-- 
Tell  that.
See? It worked on Choate. Yeah, I know...

@_date: 2001-07-04 21:54:28
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: "smart cctv in use" (Tampa face-scanning CCTV) 
FROM VISIONICS PR DEPT:
7	Clear signage has been posted throughout the area indicating that Smart
CCTV is in use;
7	The images in the database are those of known offenders;
7	Non-matching images are discarded from the system once the comparison has
been conducted.
"Smart CCTV" sign. Good enough to fool not only the average wanted criminal,
but the average American.

@_date: 2001-07-05 13:21:01
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: Meatspace anonymity manual 
The Lone Ranger also wore a black mask. He also rode the same horse, hung
around the same Indian, and manifested repetitive behavior patterns. I don't
think he really fooled anybody.
The FBI and PO-lice aren't the only ones interested in anarchists.

@_date: 2001-07-05 16:06:08
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: Meatspace anonymity manual 
Duh. :)
No, my reference to the Lone Ranger mask was in regard to the fact it wasn't
really effective concealment. Some of these groups have attracted the
attention of sophisticated *private* interests.

@_date: 2001-07-05 23:01:36
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: Most of a nation on probation? 
July 1 2001 BRITAIN
New police unit will spy on would-be killers
We have moved beyond surveillance as a criminal deterrent to surveillance as
punishment. The Yoke in the Ye Ole' Commons. Sexual offender registration,
et. al. A private company has started an email service to notify you when an
offender moves into your area.
In contrast to your author, I think you would agree that we are
incorporating the criminal "spectacle," and an "overtly performative affair"
in various contexts. Many of these designs go beyond the necessities of
criminal monitoring and restraint.
See also: WEDNESDAY JULY 04 2001
Frenzied mob hacks 300 'witches' to death ("June is sorcerer elimination
Tim's comment about facial recognition ("Smart CCTV" on the signage) being a
social mindgame does bring to mind predictions of a surveillance caste
system and real-space criminal "blocks" or enclaves (i.e. Escape From New
York). "We're watching you" = "Don't come here," pragmatically forcing
undesirables outside legitimate transactional and social systems.

@_date: 2001-07-06 17:56:38
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: Spy vs Spy (US vs EU) 
Their standard answer.
Indeed. European takes on the privatization of intelligence agencies are
quite illuminating.

@_date: 2001-07-09 20:58:06
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: CA facial recognition bill  
FACIAL RECOGNITION:
On July 5 Sen. Bowen introduced a revised bill removing all provisions to
which IBIA objected, most notably the warrant requirement. The IBIA letter
contains a discussion of the Katz, Dionisio and Kyllo decisions @
Arizona also has a CCTV notice-bill:

@_date: 2001-07-11 00:56:32
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: Dropping out of the USA 
As an aside, headlines from Mexico have been interesting lately. *she
fumbles around* Here's one.
 (political
wiretapping ring)

@_date: 2001-07-11 22:46:27
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: Of Mice and Men (forbidden knowledge) 
Sounds like a fertility researcher's work ON MICE has been sensationalized
into a lesbian-couple-cloning issue.
Babies: no men needed
By ANNA PATTY
MEN may no longer be needed for human reproduction as a result of Australian
Researchers from Monash University have developed a method of fertilising an
egg using cells from any part of a body  regardless of whether the body is
male or female.
Theoretically, it means that lesbian couples could reproduce without any
need for male sperm.
The technique has been used to fertilise a normal mouse egg by using a cell
taken from the body of another mouse.
A spokeswoman for Federal Attorney-General Daryl Williams said proposed
legislation to allow States to override sexual discrimination laws 
enabling them to prevent lesbian couples from participating in IVF
treatment  was before the Senate.
But Senator Brian Harradine said the Monash research was nothing short of
cloning. "The Monash researchers are engaging in asexual reproduction," he
"These scientists are driven by the technological imperative  if it can be
done it should be done."
"Whatever we ain't got, that's what you want."

@_date: 2001-07-12 09:54:21
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: Most of a nation on probation? (GPS convicts) 
Some of Florida's convicted criminals are under constant
supervision without being housed in prisons, thanks to the use of
Global Positioning System (GPS). The system, which is currently
monitoring 600 convicts in Florida, uses a satellite, and can be
programmed to alert authorities when a sex offender, for
instance, is going near a schoolyard. GPS tracking is more
effective than the old electronic monitoring system, which many
states still employ. The new technology can locate the offender
from room to room within a house, or on a street corner. However,
probation officers will still have to physically check on persons
who are on the program, which lasts about two years. The new
system costs $9.17 per day, compared to $50 a day for an state
prison-housed inmate, or $3 per day for conventional electronic
monitoring. ( Source: NLECTC Law Enforcement
& Corrections Technology News Summary

@_date: 2001-07-12 19:34:19
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: Most of a nation on probation? (GPS convicts) 
Hey Lyn,
I know, I know.... actually, I'm a baby privacy, surveillance law/policy and
investigative law lawyer. I'm still in my first few years of practice, so I
haven't advertised an area yet. (Choosing a practice area is a gut-wrenching
decision, nailing yourself to it is even more difficult.)
So, yeah...I hear how sucky the bumper beepers are.
BUT UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES ARE WE TO LET CPUNKS KNOW ABOUT MY PRACTICE
INTERESTS, or I will get covered up in crazies.
Raytheon, whatever... *laughter*

@_date: 2001-07-12 22:40:26
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: Most of a nation on probation? (GPS convicts) 
*laughter* You're a 'baby lawyer' for about 10-15 years. It's a permanent
"state of being" if you are the offspring of a lawyer. :)

@_date: 2001-07-13 15:46:53
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: Today's overflight decision 
July 13, 2001
DC Cir.
Air Transp. Ass'n Of Canada v. Fed. Aviation Admin.
49 USC 45301 (Federal Aviation Reauthorization Act of 1996)
The FAA failed to provide any record justification for the proposition that
costs for servicing over- flights are the same as costs for servicing
non-overflights. It simply assumed it was so.
Because the FAA has failed to articulate the basis for its conclusion that
"the unit costs of providing [air traffic control] services to overflights
within each environment is [sic] identi- cal to the unit costs of providing
[air traffic control] services to all air traffic within each environment,"
we vacate the 2000 Rule and remand to the FAA for further proceedings
consistent with this opinion.
So ordered.

@_date: 2001-07-14 18:55:23
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: Mass. bumper sticker: "Police Surveillance System On Board" 
The Massachusetts Supreme Judicial Court upheld a motorist's conviction
pursuant to their state electronic surveillance statute for the
surreptitious audio recording of police officers during a "routine" traffic
I think the opinion speaks for itself.
See especially FN 6 and 10.
COMMONWEALTH vs. MICHAEL J. HYDE
July 13, 2001
GREANEY, J.
The relevant facts are not in dispute. On October 26, 1998, just after 10:30
P.M., an Abington police officer stopped the defendant's white Porsche,
because the automobile had an excessively loud exhaust system and an unlit
rear registration plate light. Three other Abington police officers arrived
shortly thereafter and the stop quickly became confrontational.(1) During
the course of the stop, which lasted approximately fifteen to twenty
minutes, the defendant and his passenger, Daniel Hartesty, were ordered out
of the automobile, and Hartesty was pat frisked. One officer reached into
the automobile, picked up a plastic shopping bag that lay on the floor by
the passenger seat, and looked inside. (The bag contained compact discs.) At
one point, the defendant stated that the stop was "a bunch of bullshit," and
that he had been stopped because of his long hair. One officer responded,
"Don't lay that shit on me." Later, another officer called the defendant "an
asshole." The defendant was asked whether he had any "blow" (cocaine) in the
car. At the conclusion of the stop, the defendant and Hartesty were allowed
to leave. No traffic citation was issued to the defendant, and the defendant
was not charged with any crime. According to the testimony of one police
officer, the defendant was "almost out of control" and the stop "had gone so
sour," that it was deemed in everyone's interest simply to give the
defendant a verbal warning. Unbeknownst to the officers, however, the
defendant had activated a hand-held tape recorder at the inception of the
stop and had recorded the entire encounter.
The judge (the same judge who had ordered that the complaint issue) rejected
the defendant's argument and denied the motion to dismiss. The judge
reasoned that the definition of "oral communication" under G. L. c. 272, '
99 B 2 ("speech, except such speech as is transmitted over public air waves
by radio or other similar device"), was clear, and, unlike the definition in
the Federal electronic surveillance statute,(2) did not require an
expectation of privacy by the speaker in order to make the statute
applicable. He concluded that the Massachusetts statute prohibited the
secret tape recording of the police officers' speech. The defendant was
tried before a jury and convicted of four counts of violating G. L. c. 272,
' 99.
The dissent reaches its conclusion by ignoring the unambiguous language and
definitions of the statute and by relying on purported (and dubious)
legislative history. The dissent suggests that the defendant's secret
recording of the words of the police officers should be lawful, because such
recording may tend to hold police officers accountable for improper
behavior. Implicit in the dissent's position is the even broader suggestion
that police officers routinely act illegally or abusively, to the degree
that public policy strongly requires documentation of details of contacts
between the police and members of the public to protect important rights. We
doubt the validity of the dissent's major premise, and we are not convinced
that the widespread clandestine recording of encounters between individuals
and police officers would be desirable or even efficacious.(9) Nor do we
think, as the dissent does, that police officers should be singled out for
particular approbation to safeguard the integrity of the "Republic." Post at
. Followed to its logical conclusion, the dissent would encourage drug
manufacturers to mount hidden video cameras in their facilities so they can
capture the moment of truth when the police execute a search warrant and
would authorize drug dealers secretly to tape record conversations with
suspected undercover officers or with informants in order to protect the
dealers' rights against hypothetical police abuse. Numerous other examples
exist. The point is an obvious one. Every police encounter would be
available for secret recording; even meter maids would not be spared. The
value of obtaining probative evidence of occasional official misconduct does
not justify a failure to enforce the clear terms of the statute. See
Commonwealth v. Blood, 400 Mass. 61, 74 (1987), and cases cited.
Further, if the tape recording here is deemed proper on the ground that
public officials are involved, then the door is opened even wider to
electronic "bugging" or secret audio tape recording (both are prohibited by
the statute and both are indistinguishable in the injury they inflict) of
virtually every encounter or meeting between a person and a public official,
whether the meeting or encounter is one that is stressful (like the one in
this case or, perhaps, a session with a tax auditor) or nonstressful (like a
routine meeting between a parent and a teacher in a public school to discuss
a good student's progress). The door once opened would be hard to close, and
the result would contravene the statute's broad purpose and the
Legislature's clear prohibition of all secret interceptions and recordings
by private citizens....
As discussed above, however, our Legislature chose not to follow those
States whose statutes prohibit wiretapping or secret electronic recording
based on privacy rights. See notes 5 and 6, supra. "If the Legislature had
intended to [prohibit only secret recording where an individual has a
reasonable expectation of privacy], the statute would have been written in
terms similar to those used in the California eavesdropping statute . . . .
Rather, it is apparent from the Report of the Special Commission on
Electronic Eavesdropping, 1968 Senate Doc. No. 1132, that the legislative
intent was to impose more stringent restrictions on the use of electronic
surveillance devices by private individuals than is done in other States."
(5) Every State, with the exception of Vermont, has some type of
eavesdropping or wiretapping statute. The majority contain language that, to
some degree, prohibits only the surreptitious recording of another's words
when spoken with a reasonable expectation of privacy. See, e.g., Ala. Code '
42.20.300 (Michie 1996) (Alabama; "private communication"); Ga. Code Ann. '
16-11-60 (Michie 1996) (Georgia; "in private place"); Mich. Comp. Laws '
750.539a (1996) (Michigan; "private discourse of others"); N.H. Rev. Stat.
Ann. ' 570-A: 1 (1995) (New Hampshire; "uttered by a person exhibiting an
expectation that such communication is not subject to interception under
circumstances justifying such expectation"). In addition, as recognized by
the judge in his memorandum denying the defendant's motion to dismiss, the
Federal electronic surveillance statute, see note 2, supra, similarly limits
"oral communication" to the speech of a person who holds a justifiable
expectation that it will not be subject to interception. For an extensive
discussion of various State electronic surveillance statutes, see C. Bast,
What's Bugging You? Inconsistencies and Irrationalities of the Law of
Eavesdropping, 47 DePaul L. Rev. 837, 868-881 (1998).
(6) The defendant cites State v. Flora, 68 Wash. App. 802, 806 (1992), in
which the Court of Appeals of Washington held, on nearly identical facts,
that an arrestee's attempt to use a tape recorder to record his arrest did
not violate Washington's electronic surveillance statute, because the police
officers had no reasonable expectation of privacy in their words. This case
is inapposite, however, because the Washington electronic surveillance
statute prohibits only the secret recording of private conversations, see
Wash. Rev. Code Ann. ' 9.73.030 (1) (b) (2000). Accord Commonwealth v.
Henlen, 522 Pa. 514, 517 (1989) (secret recording of interrogation by prison
guard suspected of theft did not violate Pennsylvania's electronic
surveillance statute, because interrogating officer had no justifiable
expectation of privacy). See 18 Pa. Cons. Stat. ' 5702 (2000) (defining
"oral communications" as "any oral communication uttered by a person
possessing an expectation that such communication is not subject to
interception under circumstances justifying such expectation").
Because our own statute broadly prohibits the interception of speech (except
that which is transmitted over public air waves), see G. L. c. 272, ' 99 B
2, whether the police officers possessed privacy interests in their words
spoken in the course of performing their public duties, or whether the
encounter constituted a routine traffic stop or a custodial interrogation,
as argued by the defendant, are issues that we need not address.
Consideration of such issues would only be warranted in a civil suit for
damages under G. L. c. 272, ' 99 Q, which allows actual and punitive
damages, as well as attorneys fees, for:
"any aggrieved person whose oral or wire communications were intercepted,
disclosed, or used except as permitted or authorized by this section or
whose personal or property interests or privacy were violated by means of an
interception except as permitted or authorized by this section shall have a
civil cause of action against any person who so intercepts, discloses or
uses such communications or who so violates his personal, property or
privacy interest . . . ." (Emphasis added).
(9) Although we have stated that the electronic recording by the police of
interrogations is a good practice, see Commonwealth v. Diaz, 422 Mass. 269,
271-273 (1996), by no stretch of the imagination did we suggest that it is
desirable for citizens to intercept or record electronically the speech of
others, including police officers, without their knowledge. We presume that,
when police interrogations are electronically recorded, the suspect is aware
that the interrogation is being preserved.
(10) Although not cited by the parties, in People v. Beardsley, 115 Ill. 2d
47 (1986), a defendant appealed from his conviction of eavesdropping when,
having been arrested and placed in the rear seat of a squad car, he secretly
tape recorded the conversation of two police officers who sat in the front
seat. See id. at 49. The Supreme Court of Illinois reversed the defendant's
conviction, holding that, although the plain language of the Illinois
eavesdropping statute prohibited the recording of "all or any part of any
conversation" without consent, Ill. Ann. Stat. c. 38, ' 14-2 (a) (1) (1983),
the statute must have been intended to protect individuals only from the
surreptitious monitoring of conversations of a private nature. See id. at 53
(reasoning that, because officers were aware that the defendant was in a
position to overhear, their conversation was not private). The Illinois
Legislature, however, subsequently amended the statute to define
"conversation" as "any oral communication between 2 or more persons
regardless of whether one or more of the parties intended their
communication to be of a private nature." 720 Ill. Comp. Stat. ' 5/14-1(d)
(West 1996). See People v. Nestrock, 316 Ill. App. 3d 1, 7 (2000).
MARSHALL, C.J. (dissenting, with whom Cordy, J., joins).
Many States have wiretapping statutes similar to the one enacted in 1968 in
Massachusetts.(10) In only one reported decision has a State attempted to
indict a citizen in circumstances similar to those in this case. The attempt
was summarily rejected. In State v. Flora, 68 Wash. App. 802 (1992), the
court overturned a conviction obtained in circumstances nearly identical to
these and under a wiretapping statute similar to the one at issue here. The
Flora court rejected as "wholly without merit" the view now adopted by this
court. Id. at 806. The court "decline[d] the State's invitation" to
transform its wiretapping statute "into a sword available for use against
individuals by public officers acting in their official capacity." Id. at
The court suggests, ante at , that a different reading would permit
"untrammeled interception of communications" of government officials by
everyone and anyone. That concern is misplaced. There is a difference in
kind, well recognized in our jurisprudence, between police officers, who
have the authority to command citizens, take them into custody, and to use
physical force against them, and other public officials who do not possess
such awesome powers.(14) We hold police officers to a higher standard of
conduct than other public employees, and their privacy interests are
concomitantly reduced. See, e.g., O'Connor v. Police Comm'r of Boston, 408
Mass. 324, 328-329 (1990) ("public confidence in the police is a social
necessity and is enhanced by procedures that deter [unlawful police
conduct]"); Broderick v. Police Comm'r of Boston, 368 Mass. 33, 42 (1975),
quoting Gardner v. Broderick, 392 U.S. 273, 277-278 (1968) (police officer
"is a trustee of the public interest, bearing the burden of great and total
responsibility to his public employer"). We hold officers to this higher
standard of conduct, fully confident that, in most cases, they will meet
that standard, and there is no "implicit" suggestion to the contrary. Ante
at . It is the recognition of the potential for abuse of power that has
caused our society, and law enforcement leadership, to insist that citizens
have the right to demand the most of those who hold such awesome powers.(15)

@_date: 2001-07-14 19:16:36
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: Slashdot | Recording Police Misconduct is Illegal 
Sorry Choate, didn't catch your "analysis" in time. ;)
Your subj line is descriptive, but somewhat misleading.

@_date: 2001-07-16 11:20:25
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: Slashdot | Recording Police Misconduct is Illegal 
You might find it interesting that a number of states are considering (or
revisiting) visual recording statutes. One form has a privacy expectation
and exceptions for prisons, security and "law enforcement engaged in
investigation." Some include public CCTV notice requirements and privacy
expectations defined by location.
TX HB 1040 @
Others are closer to this Arizona bill, addressing visual surveillance in
public places. This is a bare statute with no mention of a privacy interest.
It exempts "professional journalists," seemingly defined so as to exclude
independent journalists. Bills like this could be construed to restrain the
use of visual surveillance at protests, and in other situations that involve
disparate bargaining power and government overreaching.
AZ HB 2470 @ Critics of contemporary surveillance law point out that we increasingly live
in a world where THEY can spy on you, but you can't spy on THEM.
Governments, business and employers are like bad parents that say, "*I* can
do it -- but you can't."
Children learn quickly....

@_date: 2001-07-16 12:17:30
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: Slashdot | Recording Police Misconduct is Illegal 
BTW, Mass. has always been "funny" about electronic surveillance. State
history is very interesting, and so is the law. (Early on, their police
wouldn't wiretap, it was not "gentlemanly." Ahem.)
Consider the traditionalist two-party states and ponder on the true nature
of the historical parallels at the time the recording statutes were enacted.
Ignore the legislative testimony and history, because it will just confuse

@_date: 2001-07-16 13:59:43
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: Slashdot | Recording Police Misconduct is Illegal 
On an adult level, companies that adopt "1984ish" employee monitoring
policies know not what they do....
On a societal level, we are responding to feelings of pervasive
surveillance. "THEY" got it - we don't. Do we feel threatened? What we you
do? ANSWER:  That is more than independent
collaborative media...that is the beginnings of The Surreptitious Militia
I'm writing an article on "surveillactivism" this very week. Bartnicki
"changed things." Watch the state legislatures next session.

@_date: 2001-07-16 18:40:15
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: Slashdot | Recording Police Misconduct is Illegal 
Matt said:
The Court addressed this:
"Followed to its logical conclusion, the dissent would encourage drug
manufacturers to mount hidden video cameras in their facilities so they can
capture the moment of truth when the police execute a search warrant and
would authorize drug dealers secretly to tape record conversations with
suspected undercover officers or with informants in order to protect the
dealers' rights against hypothetical police abuse.... Every police encounter
would be available for secret recording; even meter maids would not be
spared. The value of obtaining probative evidence of occasional official
misconduct does not justify a failure to enforce the clear terms of the
I can't suggest a client to do anything "against the law," even though I
would argue nothing is deserving of greater "transparency" than acts of the
government against its citizens, and by the government's own admission,
surreptitious recording uncovers wrongdoing.
I think the judiciary is capable of recognizing legitimate interests so as
to avoid stalked meter maids, compromised investigations and endangering the
lives of UC agents. As to the privacy interests of enforcement officers in
acts of enforcement: "One of the costs associated with participation in
public affairs is an attendant loss of privacy."
@ As for bad guys recording... The REAL bad guys usually don't want to be
recorded, which is why they have taken up bodywear countermeasures. At any
rate, criminal laws are only a deterrent to law-abiders. (Our electronic
surveillance statutes are, to a significant extent, the legacy of political
espionage. They were protecting themselves -- against themselves.)
Miniaturization, affordability and availability has made *covert*
surveillance a viable protective strategy for citizens. (i.e., "Tape is the
best testimony.") One-party recording statutes are in recognition of this
protective interest.
Recording statutes, especially the new visual recording and "paparazzi"
bills are deserving of scrutiny, even though many are *extremely*
well-intentioned. Not only do they increasingly implicate the First
Amendment, they risk limiting the citizen-use of legitimate, protective
covert surveillance in certain circumstances involving citizen/government
conflict -- as seen in the Hyde case.
You can protect privacy without depriving people of the right to protect

@_date: 2001-07-16 18:41:22
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: What NAI is telling people 
Companies with products or applications relevant to defense are wary of
email from certain sovereigns. This is because they don't want clueless reps
giving away bacon in an email pretext attack. The government has been
harping on it lately. Maybe the rep got a talkie and is confused ...or
I'm just guessing.
What is the answer?

@_date: 2001-07-17 18:07:39
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: Computer detective talks about Levy evidence 
Technical investigators are routinely called in to examine computers in
civil suits, even employer-employee disputes (home computers). Sadly, it can
be a pretextual porn hunt.

@_date: 2001-07-18 09:30:33
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: DMCA has pushed me to my limit. 
Sounds like legal centralism has pushed you to your limit, because you're a
legal pluralist.

@_date: 2001-07-21 14:08:01
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: [spam score 10.00/10.0 -pobox] State appeals court says 
Opinion at: "We are all familiar with the legend of Lady Godiva who, in response to a
by her husband, Leofric, Earl of Mercia, to repeal onerous taxes levied on
the people of
Coventry if she dared to ride naked through the town, supposedly did so.
Part of that legend,
added some 600 years after the event, was that one person in the town, a
tailor named Tom, had
the temerity to glance upon the noblewoman as she proceeded on her mission
and was
immediately struck either blind or dead. This probably-mythical tailor
became known to
history as Peeping Tom."
"This case involves another peeping Tom  petitioner Thomas Deibler. Deibler
not upon a woman on horseback, but upon a woman taking a shower...."
Bawah. Thanks.

@_date: 2001-07-26 00:05:23
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: Corporate totalitarianism? 
In RE to the DMCA/Dmitry affair, private enforcement, new intellectual
property enforcement divisions, etc. --
We are increasingly holding individuals criminally responsible for crimes
against corporations and many feel an imbalance, or even a double-standard,
in terms of corporate accountability for crimes against people.
I received the following today, by Robert Weissman, co-author of _Corporate
Predators_, (corporatepredators.org) in regard to the Sara Lee Ball Park
Frank Hot Dog incident, in which 21 people died. It prompted them to visit
the White House to inquire as to 'a corporate death penalty.'

@_date: 2001-07-26 13:13:10
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: Airline passengers, revisited 
Passenger Processing Using Biometrics To Be Unveiled
EyeTicket Corporation, the leader in high volume public processing and
access control using biometric identification, will hold a news conference
on Thursday, July 26, to announce a groundbreaking new program to expedite
airline passenger processing. This announcement represents the first
large-scale application of passenger processing relying solely on
biometrics. Details of the evaluation program, being conducted in
cooperation with BAA, British Airways, UK Immigration Service and Virgin
Atlantic Airways, will be unveiled during the news conference.
Source: Biometric Digest

@_date: 2001-07-26 15:56:53
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: Corporate totalitarianism? 
Pht. Doan' ask me, I have law school programming.
Just us sheeple reporting in.

@_date: 2001-07-27 12:12:47
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: where's dildo?  if he's not white, at Texas Southern  
1. But check out TSU's bar exam passage rate.
2. That's what they say....but that's not how it works.
Law schools "teach the test" (the bar exam), most of which is "multiple
choice." In many law schools, law professors prepare students for "multiple
choice practice." Most were forced to abandon the Socratic method by sheer
numbers. I had one 3L trial prof that was a semester in hell. He taught the
way law school USED to be taught. When he retired, everybody knew that it
was the end of an era. At the end, his class filled the lecture hall to
capacity. He didn't know everybody's names. It horrified him.
When my father attended law school, the people on either side of him did not
make it past the first year. His 3L class filled up the first two rows of
that same lecture hall, with an empty chair in-between. Once again, the
people on either side of him.... There was no "seating chart." Back then,
they looked at you, and they would ask if they wanted you to be a lawyer.
The answer was usually no. When you graduated, you went to a firm where you
were honed like an axe.
I have my father's law school notes and another family member's notes from
UT Law c. 1900. When you add my own materials -- you come to a disturbing
I am always complaining that I don't have a "form" for something. My father
will pull up a chair, sigh, and start dictating.

@_date: 2001-07-27 13:20:22
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: where's dildo?  if he's not white, at Texas Southern  
Yes, I had three days of blue book doodling.
I did not know they had changed 4+ essay subjects. I was somewhat startled.
If anybody does attend law school, the bar review course is worth taking,
because of important tips like that.
True. Obviously, I was just whining. I won't do it again.

@_date: 2001-07-31 21:35:25
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: Spoliation, escrows, courts, pigs.  Was: Re: DOJ jails reporter, Ashcroft 
I think the courts will reach for spoliation, too. (Sanctions, penalties,
legal presumptions -- all the way to a default judgment.) I brought this up
in another thread, either the one dealing with timed-key memoirs (Tim called
this a "beacon") or logs, but the conversation was soon whittled to dribble.
*gaf* :-)
In another digital datahaven (not Freenet), security and anonymity are
legitimate purposes standing by themselves. As you noted, the one-time
involvement of offshore counsel suggests sophistication.
Do any of the IAALs think the courts would recognize a written, good faith
"datahavening" policy (for business), or a consistent personal practice (for
individuals), and engage in the legal fiction of permissible destruction by
unavailability? Seems like that is the rationale underlying the spoliation
cases - consistency and good faith (legitimacy).
D: "I datahaven (however you do it) with X all my [data] weekly as a matter
of regular practice."
D: "I did so prior to having any knowledge of the relevance of this data or
the likelihood of litigation." (nor should I have)
X: "X is a digital information privacy trust, managed by Y, allowing
individuals to datahaven their personal papers for posterity and
WorldGood -- for the benefit of future researchers, and their blood
descendants. Clients include members of the United States Congress, world
political figures, members of the intelligence community, journalists, human
rights activists, and everyday individual diary-keepers."
X: "X uses timed encryption and biometric identification." (Sorry, no
Which is the idea expressed the following paper, but "Tim May said..." (Mr.
May inferred this was an old idea, and that it was better to use traditional
@ (some discussion of the erosion of the 4th and 5th Amendments in regard to
the protection of personal papers, as well as contemporary commentary on the
chilling effects of keeping personal diaries, "flammable materials," etc.)
I am also reminded of those e-death comz (if they aren't dead themselves by
now). You compose your goodbye email, and when your nominee notifies the
company of death --- everybody finds out what you really thought of them.
The hard part is coming up with "good faith" arguments. (I know Mr. Unicorn
was speaking off the cuff -- and still came up with some really good ones.
No doubt he could do better.) Still, posterity would seem to be a weighty
argument, and a sincere one.

@_date: 2001-06-09 14:35:43
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: DC Cir: FTOs & due process 
NAT'L COUNCIL OF RESISTANCE OF IRAN v. DEP'T OF STATE
DC Cir.: putative foreign terrorist organizations with a US presence, not
necessarily a "substantial" presence, are entitled to notice and hearing
prior to FTO designation. See also,
I seem to remember some AEDPA discussions in the archives. AEDPA provides
that all persons within or subject to US jurisdiction are forbidden from
"knowingly providing material support or resources" to designated FTOs
(among other penalties). The review process includes classified materials,
so it has been the subject of some FISA-like controversy. This case
concerned the designation of an "alter ego" FTO, and is interesting from
several angles.
...particularly this one, if you read between the lines.
To oversimplify, assume the Secretary gives notice to one of the entities
We are considering designating you as a foreign terrorist organization, and
in addition to classified information, we will be using the following
summarized administrative record. You have the right to come forward with
any other evidence you may have that you are not a foreign terrorist
It is not immediately apparent how the foreign policy goals of the
government in general and the Secretary in particular would be inherently
impaired by that notice. It is particular- ly difficult to discern how such
a notice could interfere with the Secretary's legitimate goals were it
presented to an entity such as the PMOI concerning its redesignation. We
recog- nize, as we have recognized before, that items of classified
information which do not appear dangerous or perhaps even important to
judges might "make all too much sense to a foreign counterintelligence
specialist who could learn much about this nation's intelligence-gathering
capabilities from what these documents revealed about sources and methods."
Yunis, 867 F.2d at 623. We extend that recognition to the possibility that
alerting a previously undesignated organiza- tion to the impending
designation as a foreign terrorist organization might work harm to this
county's foreign policy goals in ways that the court would not immediately
perceive. We therefore wish to make plain that we do not foreclose the
possibility of the Secretary, in an appropriate case, demon- strating the
necessity of withholding all notice and all oppor- tunity to present
evidence until the designation is already made. The difficulty with that in
the present case is that the Secretary has made no attempt at such a
We therefore hold that the Secretary must afford the limited due process
available to the putative foreign terrorist organization prior to the
deprivation worked by designating that entity as such with its attendant
consequences, unless he can make a showing of particularized need.
"For holding conversation in suspicious places, whips may be substituted for
fines. In the center of the village, an outcaste person may whip such women
five times on each of the sides of their body."

@_date: 2001-06-09 14:46:11
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: (on Young's "private language") 
On the regulation of storytellers:
 	And therefore when any one of these pantomimic gentlemen, who are so
clever that they can 	imitate anything, comes to us, and makes a proposal to
exhibit himself and his poetry, we 	will fall down and worship him as a
sweet and holy and wonderful being; but we must also 	inform him that in our
State such as he are not permitted to exist; the law will not allow 	them.
And so when we have anointed him with myrrh, and set a garland of wool upon
his head, 	we shall send him away to another city. For we mean to employ for
our souls' health the 	rougher and severer poet or story-teller, who will
imitate the style of the virtuous only, 	and will follow those models which
we prescribed at first when we began the education of 	our soldiers. --
Plato's cynicism in The Republic
A passing shadow wrote, quoting S a n d y's Tractatus Logico-Philosophicus:
Let us walk, then, and speak of the meaning of meaning:
Meaning is two or more objects in a relationship. As language is imperfect,
the 'disposition of the sign' is rarely a mirror image in two minds. Sandy's
argument exemplifies Wittgensteinian thought: a perfect language is one that
has TOTAL identity of reference, and all communication should have this
goal. For Sandy, anything else is "nonsensical."
arrange their 	thoughts in order to tender them clear and intelligible, have
the best power of persuasion 	even if they can but speak the language of
Lower Brittany and have never learned Rhetoric. 	And those who have the most
delightful original ideas and who know how to express them with 	the maximum
of style and suavity, would not fail to be the best poets even if the art of
Poetry were unknown to them. (Descartes)
Anonymous, (a fellow Sophist? FN1), points out that mass media is written
for the masses.
A larger point is that THOUGHT PRESUPPOSES LANGUAGE. By limiting your
language to the lowest common denominator, your limit the 'lodestar' of the
sign vehicles. American media speaks in the lowest common denominator in the
interest of social justice and convenience. Some feel it has worked an equal
injustice by hobbling our ability to THINK. "The limits of my language are
the limits of my mind." (Wittgenstein)
Great THOUGHT rarely speaks to the lowest common denominator. Great DIALOGUE
is not betwixt idiots.
understands me 	eventually recognizes them as nonsensical, when one has used
them -- as steps -- to climb 	up beyond them. (Wittgenstein)
Anonymous is correct when he says we are limited by our cultural language
conventions and folkways. I believe other cultures plowed richer fields of
"Let the use of words teach you their meaning." (Wittgenstein) I find
Young's wordplay provoking. He buries little treasures in there
sometimes...very unique. Our language folkways limit our conceptualization,
and THE SEARCH FOR TRUTH THROUGH DIALOGUE.
Just because language invokes a personal dialogue does not mean it invalid,
or limited to an emotive conveyance. In this category fall the most powerful
*communicative* works of human existence. Poetry and prose can attain equal
footing with logical factual propositions, such as those couched in Justice
and Philosophy.
My apologies for taking license, but it's the Allegory of the Cave in here
1. In an Aristotelian sense.

@_date: 2001-06-10 02:02:11
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: (on Young's "private language") 
Yes, David, truly, I expected (to paraphrase Sandfort) "the most members of
this audience" to be drawn in by Plato's Republic, so as to entertain the
nature of Sophist dialogue ...reflect on Wittgensteinian philosophy
...engage in concept analysis ...to sit and marvel on the colored numenons
of Raphael ...to meander down linguistic folkways.... Yea, to even come away
pondering The Allegory of the Cave....

@_date: 2001-06-11 21:29:58
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: (on Young's "private language") 
As so many have pointed out, privately.
I was referring to a time before the media was uhm...expatriciated.
Anybody care to cast a lot for their picks of Net/new media written in the
spirit of gentil intellection?

@_date: 2001-06-12 09:07:18
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: (on Young's "private language") 
Bill Stewart was the dog that bit me:
Touche. I do not aspire beyond my station, Bill.
I meant media (whatever form) that is: thought-provoking, rather than *just*
factual, written for a reasonably broad audience....
First Monday usually makes me ponder on something.

@_date: 2001-06-16 16:48:29
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: No panties?  
Remote panty-scanners closer than you think....
"U.S. Developing 'Remote Frisk' to Seek Weapons in a Crowd"
Cox News Service (06/07/01); Emling, Shelley
NLECTC Law Enforcement & Corrections\Copyright 2001, Information Inc.,
Bethesda, MD.
Engineers at the National Institute of Standards and
Technology's laboratories in Boulder, Colo., are developing a
device that police might one day use to spot people carrying
dangerous weapons in unruly crowds. While engineers will
likely develop a working prototype by year's end, U.S.
officials have no immediate plans for deploying the system.
The National Institute of Justice and the Federal Aviation
Administration is funding the development of the "remote
frisk," and the agencies have already spent about $200,000
annually on the project over the past three years. News of the
system comes during a growing concern over domestic terrorism,
but it also raises concerns over the constitutionality of
high-tech policing practices. Kristian Miccio at Western State
University College of Law in California says that using
high-tech devices among crowds is a violation of the Fourth
Amendment, an issue similar to a recent Supreme Court ruling
involving an Oregon man. Rebecca Trexler, an FAA spokeswoman,
says the FAA has reservations about a scanner that could peer
through clothing. NIST spokesman Fred McGehan states that the
agencies hope the device would provide only a rough silhouette
of the person's body. (
I note that a sizable industry is dedicated to not only keeping my
silhouette private through advanced camoflauge techniques, but also morphing
it out of its natural proportion.
Can it detect a body-bound knife? A grenade? A minute explosive device? A
"push-up" bra? Does their "rough silhouette" subject me to the same exacting
tracing knife as those reclining ladies on 18-wheeler mud flaps? (Is this
blue paint?)

@_date: 2001-06-16 18:17:38
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: No panties?  
Figures. X-ray-through-makeup-vision, too, hm? Cosmo has been alerted.

@_date: 2001-06-20 15:00:51
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: Steele's brain on intelligence 
The New Craft of Intelligence
Robert David Steele
REVIEW Draft
Select quotes:
o "We are wasting today at least $10 billion a year on secret technical
intelligence collection systems whose fruits cannot be harvested, and we are
about to waste $60 billion over ten years recapitalizing these same secret
technical collection systems, so that we might collect 100 times more
information, and process still less of it."
o "The center of gravity for both national security and national prosperity
lie now in the private sector and its intellectual property as well as its
accumulated knowledge.  The concepts of noosphere (Pierre Tielhard de
Chardin) and "world brain" (H.G. Wells) are now an imminent reality, and the
World Intelligence Center envisioned by Quincy Wright is achievable."
o "Eighth, the President must eliminate export restrictions on encryption
and recognize that the greatest opportunity of all faces us.  We can raise
the Internet's security level to where it can handle Presidential
communications.  The moment we do that, we embrace the world and make it
possible for an extraordinary variety of multilateral relationships to bloom
in cyberspace."

@_date: 2001-06-21 07:54:33
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: Steele's brain on intelligence  
Steele isn't afraid to go out on a limb to fire up a conversation. Whatever
your opinion of his ideas, he's called attention to blindspots and
destructive mythical mindsets.
The big credit infobrokers started out with humble beginnings and shoebox
files. Look at them now. Private intelligence, in all its forms, seems like
the credit information industry in the early days. My "Intellagora" (I made
up a word) and Steele's... literary references... isn't an infobroker, it
would munch AND crunch, and be very human. Is a 3-5-7-year end state
scenario with a transcontinental private thing-of-some-sort -- resulting in
establishment-displacement in ways we might not contemplate -- so
Steele strikes me as a serious sentinel (i.e., "move, or move aside").

@_date: 2001-06-21 10:20:02
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: Steele's brain on intelligence  
Trei taunted:
Touche. Eh, I can't touch John Young. Doesn't make to sense to me, either.

@_date: 2001-06-22 14:31:15
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: The Art of Submarine Warfare 
*thunk* Pht. I'm trying to put together a list of independent media and
activist sites that are using DIY covert/overt surveillance video (and
audio). I'm writing an article for a professional association. If anybody
could refer me some links or resources, it would be most appreciated.

@_date: 2001-06-25 11:22:32
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: ANGELIC IDEA... BALEA 
Guest Column:
The Promise and the Pitfalls of the Biometric ASP Model
by Joseph J. Atick, Ph.D.
"....The question of who owns the biometric templates needs to be addressed
by the BASPs early on. Given the choice, a BASP would naturally want to own
and control that data, as ultimately this may be its most valuable asset.
However, the desire of the BASPs to own the data will not go unchallenged.
Enterprises tend to be wary of losing control and very reluctant to hand
over their customers data to a third party. The privacy concerns of the
consumer and the associated liability will be considerations that will
bolster an enterprises reluctance to relinquish control.
One option for a BASP could be to reach the end-user directly and build a
database of biometric templates. However, this requires offering a clear
value proposition to consumers to entice them to enroll their templates and
this may be a costly process."
*paranoid thoughts* SHORT TITLE: This title may be cited as the `Biometrics
Assistance for Law Enforcement Act'. (At least the biometrics industry is
taking the matter seriously:  )
PS: I'm looking for surveillance and biometrics "codes of practice." If your
organization has something they might be willing to share that could be
relevant.... :) I'm not looking for consent-based "privacy policies."

@_date: 2001-03-01 19:51:09
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: _Godwin_ on Godwin 
Tim, I know Mike Godwin. I've e-mailed Mike Godwin. And, Tim, you're no Mike
;-) Aimee
Somebody said:
 > I went to groups.google.com and did a search for usenet posts using
 > the word "nazi"  >
 > Every single hit among the first page of hits was an appropriate and
 > relevant use of the word nazi,
uses of
FWD: --------
Even if 99 percent of all references to Nazis on the Internet were
appropriate and in-context, that would not prove anything, one way or
the other, as far as Godwin's Law is concerned -- anyone who says
Feel free to quote me on this.
Moreover, the statistical truth of Godwin's Law is beside the point,
which is to alert readers and writers to invidious comparisons, and
to the need to remember the gravity of what the Nazis did.

@_date: 2001-03-02 14:14:46
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: _Godwin_ on Godwin 
His words.
I admit it, I prevailed on him to rescue me from your affections. My plan
seems to have backfired, as he knew it would. I'm a chew toy.

@_date: 2001-03-03 20:48:53
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: AUSA Threatens 60 Minutes in Bell Case 
Young said:
Your site:
 "Unrelated to the Bell case, Ciralsky has been involved in a
long-running legal battle with the Central Intelligence Agency in a dispute
about his former employment in the legal department of the agency." Bit of an understatement.
By way of contrast:

@_date: 2001-03-04 00:16:01
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: You have no idea  
A Nomen Nescio lectured:
Ah. The "look it up" rule. _May's Law_.
My recital:
-[[We used to hear the expression "Look it up."
-[[When a child asks what a word means, "look it up."
-[[When someone asks where Borneo is located, "look it up."
-[[When a list member asks what a KG-84 is, "look it up."
-[[--Tim May
May's Law stands for the proposition that one should not aggravate Mr. May.
I am receiving tutoring offlist. In the 4000 series.
You are smarter than I am. I'm bleeding all over.
Yes. The PLUNK.
 	-Miss Farr

@_date: 2001-03-04 12:51:02
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: The Private Secretary Of The Most Honorable Sir 
The Most Honorable Sir:
And the girl was amazed and reached out with both hands to take the lovely
toy; but the wide-pathed earth yawned there in the plain of Nysa, and the
lord, Host of Many, with his immortal horses sprang out upon her -- the Son
of Cronos, He who has many names.
Thou O Spirit, That Illumin, I did not invoke Thee, Thou from the first Wast
present, who first taught the chosen Seed. The trim-ankled pick flowers in
the fields of Eleusis, not the Fruit Of that Forbidden Tree. Do you secretly
put in the mouth sweet seeds? Long before Them, she knew of Thee.
Happy is he among men upon earth who has seen these mysteries; but she who
is uninitiate and who has no part in them, never has lot of like good things
once she is dead, down in the darkness and gloom.
May you and yours assert Eternal Providence, And justifie the wayes of God
to men.
Yours in respect and service,
Aimee E. Farr, Esq.

@_date: 2001-03-04 19:48:31
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: Cypherpunks IQ Test to the Sirs of Dillinger, Brown & Packet, 
CYPHERPUNKS IQ TEST
QUESTION You are walking through the woods alone. A beautiful unclothed woman
magically appears in front of you. She holds out an apple.
1. Please darken in the correct choice using a Number Two pencil:
(a) you bite the apple.
(b) you take the woman.
(c) you run away.
(d) a and b, but not c.
(e) b and c only.
(f) all of the above.
(g) none of the above.
2. Please justify your answer:
Just curious....

@_date: 2001-03-05 15:57:14
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: The Private Secretary Of The Most Honorable Sir 
Blank Frank said:
Remote viewing. And you need to stop doing that.

@_date: 2001-03-05 16:14:11
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: The Private Secretary Of The Most Honorable Sir 
Timothy Brown said:
I think it might have something to do with your Bible-crypto theory. Even
this low-grade cipher is certain to befuddle the cryptoanalytic attacks of
law enforcement agencies which have long-ignored the value of a liberal arts
education. To their great woe, they have cultivated an exploitable weakness.

@_date: 2001-03-05 16:20:22
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: Cypherpunks IQ Test to the Sirs of Dillinger, Brown & 
Mr. Zakas: Divorced? Painful financial settlement? A very bad woman in your
past, methinks.

@_date: 2001-03-05 16:20:31
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: Cypherpunks IQ Test 
Mike: Are you often the victim of mercenary females?

@_date: 2001-03-05 16:42:49
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: Cypherpunks IQ Test to the Sirs of Dillinger, Brown &  
Daniel said: "Next Question?"
Do you have a problem with commitment? I do not mean to imply that you
aren't faithful.

@_date: 2001-03-05 16:43:00
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: Cypherpunks IQ Test to the Sirs of Dillinger, ... 
A one Nomen Nescio: must be married...something....stumped.

@_date: 2001-03-05 16:54:30
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: Cypherpunks IQ Test to the Sirs of Dillinger, Brown &  
Harmon Seaver: another "take apple, bite woman guy." Are you bothered by
feminine ambiguity?

@_date: 2001-03-07 11:45:11
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: Cypherpunks IQ test 
Dear Friend , Especially for you - this red-hot intelligence . If you no longer wish to receive our publications simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will immediately be removed from our mailing list . This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1622 ; Title 1 ; Section 307 ! This is not a get rich scheme ! Why work for somebody else when you can become rich within 57 weeks ! Have you ever noticed the baby boomers are more demanding than their parents plus the baby boomers are more demanding than their parents . Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this ! WE will help YOU increase customer response by 180% & process your orders within seconds . You can begin at absolutely no cost to you . But don't believe us . Mr Anderson who resides in Virginia tried us and says "Now I'm rich many more things are possible" . We are licensed to operate in all states ! Don't delay - order today . Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount of 90% . Thanks ! Dear Cybercitizen ; Your email address has been submitted to us indicating your interest in our letter . If you no longer wish to receive our publications simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will immediately be removed from our database . This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 2516 ; Title 6 ; Section 303 . This is different than anything else you've seen ! Why work for somebody else when you can become rich in 50 days ! Have you ever noticed more people than ever are surfing the web plus how many people you know are on the Internet . Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this . WE will help YOU decrease perceived waiting time by 140% plus deliver goods right to the customer's doorstep ! You can begin at absolutely no cost to you ! But don't believe us ! Mr Anderson who resides in Kentucky tried us and says "Now I'm rich many more things are possible" ! This offer is 100% legal . We BESEECH you - act now ! Sign up a friend and you get half off . Thanks . Dear Friend ; Your email address has been submitted to us indicating your interest in our letter . This is a one time mailing there is no need to request removal if you won't want any more . This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1618 , Title 6 ; Section 309 . THIS IS NOT MULTI-LEVEL MARKETING ! Why work for somebody else when you can become rich as few as 67 days . Have you ever noticed society seems to be moving faster and faster and people love convenience . Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this . WE will help YOU process your orders within seconds and SELL MORE . You can begin at absolutely no cost to you ! But don't believe us . Ms Anderson of Georgia tried us and says "Now I'm rich many more things are possible" ! We are licensed to operate in all states ! We IMPLORE you - act now ! Sign up a friend and your friend will be rich too . Thanks .

@_date: 2001-03-07 15:40:05
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: AImee - silly spook stuff 
I am caught up in some dark parody of The Scarecrow and Ms. King. Stop this
onlist and offlist paranoid train, I grow concerned that I might actually be
bothering somebody. I am just a curious young lawyer that stumbled in here
because I found the concepts intellectually fascinating, in stark contrast
to small law practice. I was immediately beset up by legendary Cypherpunk
demons who attacked me like Harpies, dragging me down into Hell. On your
side: Legions. On my side: Google. I do not need spook-training to mess with
your heads. I am a woman. It is part of my evolutionary memory.
o clients complaining that office phone calls are sounding like cell phones
and skipping
o my phones are calling me back. Heck, my phones seem to be calling other
people back
o strange office visits from gentlemen looking for a lawyer
o strange phone calls from public officials and others in government service
just saying "hi"
o my Cayman box unplugged
o leak in roof over computer and men crawling up in my ceiling
o other stuff, I haven't thought about it yet...
....it's now official.... I AM PARANOID!! I AM A CYPHERPUNK!!
Let me say that I find LE and the Cypherpunks to be evenly matched. Law
enforcement, Cypherpunks and Intelligence Communities...Observation: The
Three Stooges in the WWF! In the event this is LE activity, I look forward
to my subpo so I can reveal you as a nest of tax-funded village idiots. The
REAL spooks in this forum are giggling themselves silly.
With best personal regards, I am,
Not impressed,
Miss Aimee E. Farr, Esq.
PS: And, I am not talking to the big, scary black horsey. I have reviewed
The Little Baylor Girl Rulebook.

@_date: 2001-03-08 09:34:12
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: Cypherpunks IQ Test to the Sirs 
Tim May said:
Don't call me _confused_. And, don't call _me_ confused.

@_date: 2001-03-10 22:19:49
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: DoJ subpoena guidelines for journalists | Confidential 
Even the most aggressive of news organizations roll-over, often contrary to
their internal policies. It is their token defense of journalists that has
led to the continued erosion of shield laws and the First Amendment. (I
don't know that Declan is a member of the subpo club yet, but I'm sure the
opportunity will present itself.)
[IS IT PRESS?]
Choate said:
But all speech is not equal. In fact, there is precedent running the other
direction. (Indeed, Jim, precedent runs in the other direction for most of
your arguments. I don't mean this disrespectfully.) For example, media
defined as "persons who gather and disseminate news on an ongoing basis as
part of the organized, traditional, mass media." Matera v. Superior Court,
170 Ariz. 446, 448, 825 P.2d 971, 973 (Ct. App. 1992) (holding that
professional author writing a book about the "AzScam" sting operation was
not a member of the media and thus was not protected by the shield statute).
First Amendment mileage in your state may vary. Nontraditional media, such
as online collaborative media, might not receive the benefit of state shield
statutes. Other sites might be seen as collections, rather than "media." It
probably wouldn't hurt to construct a web site, both in form and content, in
a fashion designed to give one the best shot at the benefit of state shield
laws (where applicable) and weighty First Amendment press considerations.
[CONFIDENTIAL SOURCE STATUS - Related topic]
Many of you work in sensitive positions, or are otherwise close to
controversy. The following are considerations for a confidential
reporter-source agreement, which I thought might be of tangential interest
(many reporters won't deal with "nym sources":
o confidential source (not "off the record")
o reporter's scope of authority/authorization to commit (maybe it's an
o one-time or continuing reporter-source agreement
o ID disclosure to editor (and do you trust THIS GUY?)
o use of attribution
o use of quotes (normally, you want them to paraphrase you)
o indicia of affiliation, sex, and other identifying characteristics
o public disclosure of your motive/interest, agreed-upon motive/interest
o scope of purpose and use ("deep background" only?)
o timing of publication, scope of publication (good luck)
o confirmation from multiple sources (lead source or primary source?)
o means of contact, communication protocol (Subpoena trick: go for third
party communication routes, cell phone provider, etc. to run around the
journalist and the shield laws.)
o handling of notes, documentation and memoranda (commingling, destruction,
o limitations: you lie, a lawsuit results, criminal investigation
o legal defense provisions
o opportunity to confirm/review/refute (forget it)
o legal recourse / liquidated damages
(misc. boilerplate blah-blah)
Most of the above assumes you are giving them "THE STORY OF THE CENTURY."
o If you achieve the _miracle_ of confidential source status: DON'T LIE.
Don't even embellish.
o While there is some support for legal recourse against the
reporter/newspaper, it will probably be of little consolation.
o State shield laws vary. State case law varies. "It depends." The law may
require disclosure. Secure legal counsel and find out, certainly in a
criminal matter.
o Is it a REAL investigative reporter? They know how to protect confidential
o The reporter must justify why you deserve this status to those on-high --
why you should be trusted. Sow your fields ahead of time.
o Go with a reporter you trust (or a reporter with an reputational interest
in your community - plug for Declan). I would go with some small newspapers
before some major news orgs, many of which have horrific track records in
this regard. It's the reporter that sits in jail for you. Ask around
 and  .
o Is there another way to get this information to the reporter with a
credible, named source?
I certainly don't represent myself as an expert in this area, and it's been
a while since I had cause to review it. ;-)
Disclaimer: "This is not legal advice because you didn't pay me for it. It's
general information. It's probably ill-suited to any particular situation
you might have. You always need a lawyer. Always. You should take your
lawyer with you everywhere, like a pocket squirrel."
A lady will not ask for the service of your handkerchief, even if in need of
a tourniquet.

@_date: 2001-03-14 11:36:09
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: Mr. Choate, an important message  from Justice Scalia.... 
Scalia on originalist constitutional philosophy, versus the "living
document" approach, in reference to recent Choate-spawned questions and
But Scalia also insisted that only his approach - interpreting the
Constitution based on the Framers' precise words and the meaning they
intended at the time - can preserve the Constitution's guiding principles.
"The Constitution is not an organism," the justice said, "it is a legal
document." That "living Constitution" approach, Scalia observed, has led to U.S.
Senate hearings in which candidates for federal judge or Supreme Court
justice are grilled about which rights they believe are in the Constitution.
Eventually, voters will choose and demand judges based not on their ability
to interpret the Constitution but on the political positions they hold, he
Eventually???? Somebody toss out the link for the Ashcroft hearings....

@_date: 2001-03-14 20:26:37
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: Mr. Choate, an important message  from Justice Scalia.... 
Yes. Indeed, it is the province of the Courts to interpret the Constitution
(according to some, not including Mr. Choate), not executive branch
political appointees. The very fact that we ask the executive branch these
questions is pause for thought. I was trying to uncover any pragmatic
distinction between a "political view" versus an opinion on the mechanics of
constitutional interpretation. I raised more questions than I answered.

@_date: 2001-03-14 21:17:59
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: Choatian Constitutional Principles & Privacy 
"The right of the people to be secure in their persons, houses, papers, and
effects against unreasonable searches and seizures shall not be violated and
no warrants shall issue but upon probable cause supported by oath or
affirmation and particularly describing the place to be searched and the
persons or things to be seized."
Mr. Choate, where does it say you have the right to private communications?
It doesn't.
Compare: "Citizens are guaranteed inviolability of the person. No one may be
arrested except by a court decision or on the warrant of a procurator.
Citizens are guaranteed inviolability of the home. None may, without lawful
grounds, enter a home against the will of those residing in it. The privacy
of citizens and of their correspondence, telephone conversations and
telegraphic communications is protected by law." [1]
"Again, this isn't lawyerpunks." - Sunder. Questions of constitutional
interpretations are central to constitutional privacy analysis, which was
what I was trying to get at, albeit unsuccessfully.
The question Mr. May posed was more interesting, and of direct relevance.
"It does no good to debate with Choate, however." - Tim May
[1] UGA School of Law
SIBLEY LECTURE 1989
U.S. Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia

@_date: 2001-03-19 13:12:36
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: Cybercrime LE: a future of privatization, vigilantism & 
"Just as settlers in the old west couldn't necessarily always rely upon the
local sheriff to provide good crime control, it may be in fact the case that
Internet users may have to rely upon private parties, and third party
concerns, for preventing crime, and enforcing certain criminal norms."
"And in fact, these sorts of folks, whether its the software vendor, the
hardware vendor, the Internet Service Provider, or the phone company, can in
fact sometimes be in the best position to monitor the activities of their
clients online, ...." [jump link for context]
Private protection rackets, rights management, and corporate enforcers
abound for control and investigation functions....but self-defensive
aggressive acts and vigilantism theories are often viewed askance. Any
thoughts on how cybercrime and cybermaleficence will be addressed in the
future? Support your argument with reason, selected quotes, prose or bardic

@_date: 2001-03-21 09:09:20
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: CRYPTO AG, anyone? 
Bo Elkjaer asked:
They are whoring at "Toyz! 2001" presently. Stop by and see their booth
bunnies, on your way to today's *FUN* demos:
(i.e., might check IDEX coverage since they are an exhibitor.)

@_date: 2001-03-21 16:06:05
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: John Doe vs. John Doe: Virginia Court's Decision in Online 
She cannae take any more, Jim  ...sheeze breakink up! Choate constitutional
tribbles in here.... "Laddy, don't you think you
should... rephrase that?" - Scotty, The Trouble with Tribbles.
You gnaw at a branch and call it a root. You have common law (the law of
common men, lex communis), and legislative law (bringing the law of the
sovereign). Common law precedent is an aggregate body of knowledge
consisting not only decisions, but of logical constructs -- a way of
approaching and framing legal thought. Common law has never been codified in
a document, it's a body of relational knowledge. The Constitution is not the
primary authority, because constitutions (legislative law) are not the root
of what you see as law. Indeed, the US Const. finds root in common law and
common right.
Lex est ab eterno.
Athenian Constitution  -- Aristotle, 350 B.C.E.
"...and it is to this last, they say, that the masses have owed their
strength most of all, since, when the democracy is master of the
voting-power, it is master of the constitution. Moreover, since the laws
were not drawn up in simple and explicit terms .... disputes inevitably
occurred, and the courts had to decide in every matter, whether public or
private .... The Thesmothetae were many years afterwards, when these offices
had already become annual, with the object that they might publicly record
all legal decisions, and act as guardians of them with a view to determining
the issues between litigants."

@_date: 2001-03-22 11:37:08
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: Motion To Quash Choate 
Choate said:
(Quoting me)
NO. 1
JIM CHOATE, PLAINTIFF 	'
AIMEE FARR, DEFENDANT	'
MOTION TO QUASH CONSTITUTIONAL CHOATIAN THREADS
TO THE HONORABLE JUDGE OF CYPHERPUNKS:
NOW COMES ~Aimee, hereinafter referred to as "Defendant," and files this
Motion To Dissolve Constitutional Choatian Threads and would show:
1. Whereas Defendant is alleged to "draw" constitutional false distinctions,
Plaintiff "doodles" them.
2. Defendant's aim was to give Plaintiff some historical context for legal
delineations, which have become blurred over the ages (and marred by legal
authorship blinded by egocentric political/time views).
Chieftain-king-sovereign-legislative law deals with the individual<-->"king"
relationship. Ancient common law is man<-->man law, arising out of custom
and usage. While common law no longer plays the role it once did (being
usurped by statutory/legislative law) some distinctions remain that were
carried over into English common law. Furthermore, Defendant would show that
not every legal question invokes the purview of the US Const., because it
lies outside of the individual<-->"king" relationship, and even our enhanced
interpretations of the same. In a historical context, "legislative law"
(Lat. "bringing law") *includes* constitutional law, and is therefore not a
false distinction, although perhaps a modern linguistic misnomer. Defendant
went as far back as Aristotle, before many legal divergences.
3. Plaintiff ignores the role of the courts and treats the US Const. as the
wellspring of ALL law in this country. It is the wellspring of many things,
(indeed, more than The Framers ever contemplated) but it is not the singular
Garden of Eden for all U.S. jurisprudence. Plaintiff repeatedly
mischaracterizes political opinion as legal argument, and proffers arguments
based on his own "tarot card reading" of the U.S. Constitution.
4. Plaintiff's constitutional questions grow like kudzu...wandering, in the
opinion of many, far from any questions of direct and particular relevance
to this forum. Plaintiff should pick up some law outlines/bar reviews and go
beyond the letter of the Constitution and the words of the founding fathers.
Plaintiff should take some courses, join some *constitutional law mailing
lists*, and multidisciplinary legal societies to broaden Plaintiff's frame
of reference so he may entertain more complex constitutional analysis, and
pose questions that are more likely to be of interest to IAAL and IANAL
constitutional thinkers. See _Sunder v. Choate_, Message-ID:
3AAE7D40.EC9C0BCF at sunder.net ("Clue: this is cypherpunks, not
lawyerpunks.");  _Sandfort v. Choate_, Message-ID:
NDBBJHDEELOIJNHFGNOFEEMEDCAA. sandfort at mindspring.com ("You can spend three
years in law school and learn something, read a book or two about the
origins Anglo-American jurisprudence or live in darkness. The choice is
This is to certify that on March 22, 2001, a true and correct copy of the
above and foregoing document was served on JIM CHOATE, Plaintiff, by
ravage at EINSTEIN.ssz.com.
On this the 22nd day of March, 2001, came on before me the foregoing Motion
To Quash; and
It is ordered that said motion is hereby set for hearing before the Court at
Cypherpunks at lne.com ("mailing list") at 12. A.M. on March 22, 2001.
Respectfully submitted,

@_date: 2001-03-23 23:33:38
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: John Doe vs. John Doe: Virginia Court's Decision inOnline   
Kevin, I think, said:
Civil law and common law are distinct and oppositional terms. At least they
were once. I don't think you could find a "pure" legal tradition in
developed nations, at least not under my understanding of these polluted
concepts. (Note: I refer to to civil law the same way as Kevin did in
everyday conversation, as do most lawyers.)
But more correctly...
Civil law: Corpus Iurus Civilis 535 CE Justinian (Roman Law - very few
sovereigns, Scotland, I think...); history, statutory interpretation; stone
tablets - 10 Commandments (broad principles anticipate all situations);
Common law: 11th Century England; fact patterns; stare decisis; flexibility;
change-with-the-times; go-with-the-flow.
Jim seems to see/k a pure civil law tradition in the US. If we were in a
*totally pure* civil tradition, his questions would be on the mark. However,
we have a common law legal tradition - even in regard to constitutional
interpretation. Choate advocates a pure civilist legal tradition with THE
CONSTITUTION as the fount. Maybe so does Scalia, but just in regard to the
US Const:
For Choate to even sense the question(s), to get so near it/them...
demonstrates some sort of constitutional idiot sapiency, nevermind his
digital personality disorders. (That's a compliment, Choate.) And, Choate is
(in layman's terms) to some extent correct in regard to revolutionary
"reset" buttons, or divorce lawyers across the country would be citing The
Code of Hammurabi:
is not caught 	sleeping with the other man, she shall jump into the river
for her husband.
paternity thread.)

@_date: 2001-03-26 19:16:19
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: Atty-Cli confidentiality (was...shithead federal public 
A one Mr. Blank Frank invoked me with:
Eh, the attorney-client privilege has a good many holes in it.
Some circles of folk are of the opinion that attorneys are very talky,
perhaps second only to marketers. It seems that in these circles, lawyers
are not known for being paragons of confidentiality, in stark contrast to
their ethical principles and their personal beliefs. The moral? Well, let us
just say that it extends beyond the "shithead federal public defender"

@_date: 2001-03-26 21:34:53
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: Criminalization of "intentional looking" (Canadian Kiddie Porn 
IMPORTANT NOTICE: BY REPLYING TO THIS TRANSMISSION YOU ARE REPRESENTING THAT
YOU ARE AT LEAST 18 YEARS OF AGE OR OLDER.*
I know Mr. May brought this up, but the earlier newslink left out some
important info. Here is a backgrounder:
 - I can't find a
link to the actual bill on their site...(???) According to the backgrounder,
the kiddie porn elements of the CA Omnibus include/enhance the
criminalization of:
o luring*
o exporting
o transmitting
"This will make distribution of child pornography from one person to another
illegal" (Duh, but I don't know how far this definition extends.)
o making available
"This applies when someone posts child pornography material on a web site or
offers information on where to find it, for example, by providing a web site
o "intentional" access - (5 years)
"Another new provision will prohibit anyone from intentionally accessing
child pornography on the Internet. This offence will be punishable by up to
five years imprisonment. Accessing offence does not criminalize someone who
inadvertently views child pornography on the Internet. The proposed
amendment will require the person to have knowledge that there is child
pornography on the site and a specific intention to access this material."
o possession with intent to distribute, etc.
o forfeiture provisions
o transcontinental provisions
1. Better known as the 'Lot's Wife' regulatory approach to the Internet.
~ Aimee

@_date: 2001-03-29 09:22:40
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: Tombstone Taps: 5th Cir 
"The dispositive issue in Kee and Routier's complaint is whether the secret
electronic recording of their private prayers and conversations directed at
their deceased relatives violated their reasonable expectation of privacy."
"In their affidavits, Kee and Routier assert that their "grieving
conversations and statements" and "oral prayers and communications to
ourselves and our God" should be private and not subject to government
wiretaps. These statements, alone, cannot sustain the weight of Kee and
Routier's burden in establishing that they had a subjective expectation of
Opinion hinges on: "The Failure to Demonstrate Sufficient Facts to Establish
a Subjective Expectation of Privacy"
"Perhaps most damaging to Kee and Routier's argument is that they failed to
present evidence demonstrating any affirmative steps taken to preserve their
privacy. While it is apparent from their affidavits that they did not expect
government agents surreptitiously to be recording their prayers, they also
were aware that the service was being conducted in an outdoor setting. Kee
and Routier fail to allege that they took any steps to ensure that unwanted
individuals were excluded or that they did anything to preserve the private
nature of the service. They point to no reasonable safeguards or
common-sense precautions taken to preserve their expectation of privacy."
(The dead don't talk, but they do listen. I'm envisioning Mafia funerals
with TSCM checkpoints. "YOU ARE BEING RECORDED" epitaphs.)

@_date: 2001-03-30 11:07:27
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: US v. King (Navy cryptanalyst espionage boofuu) 
Terms: King, cryptanalyst, Navy, espionage.
"Is there some strange aspect of military law that allows someone to be held
for such a long time, almost two years, without being charged with
anything?" ...somebody asked....
Be sure to check out how Jonathan Turley (George Washington University Law
School) deep-sixed the Navy. Saaaluuute!
BCC: "Torpedo" Turley

@_date: 2001-03-30 17:59:29
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: U.S. Secret Service raids E-Gold currency exchanger 
pz said:
CTR/SARs now automatically generated by "money laundering software" and the
friendly people at FINdCENts. pz, don't you bank at The Willful Blindness
Bank & Trust?
PS: Do you know your Ill-gotten-gains ABCs?
SPECIAL NOTICE: we are still accepting crimes for J, Q, X, Y and Z.
Aircraft piracy
Alien smuggling
Arms export
Bank fraud
Bank robbery and burglary of government property
Bank Secrecy Act crimes
Bankruptcy fraud
Congressional or Cabinet officer assassination
Conspiracy to kill, kidnap or maim a person or injure certain property in a
foreign country
Contraband cigarettes, trafficking in
Copyright infringement
Counterfeit goods, trafficking in
Counterfeiting and forgery
Customs crimes
Destruction by explosives or fire of government property or property
affecting interstate commerce
Destruction of aircraft
Embezzlement and theft
Emergency Economic Powers Act crimes
Export Crimes
Extortion and threats
Extortionate credit transactions
Food stamp crimes
Foreign corrupt practices
Foreign law violations: extortion; fraud against a foreign bank; kidnapping;
murder or destruction of property by means of explosive or fire; narcotics;
Fraud and false statements
Health care fraud
Influencing, impeding or retaliating against federal official by threatening
or injuring family member
J [UNREGISTERED! REGISTER NOW!]
Labor-management financial transaction fraud, union embezzlement
Mail fraud
Mail, theft from
Malicious mischief
Murder on a federal facility
Murder of employees of the U.S.
Murder of foreign officials, official guests or foreign protected persons
Narcotics offenses
National resource conservation
Nationality and citizenship, unlawful procurement
Obstruction of justice
Ocean dumping
Passport and visa crimes
Peonage and slavery
Presidential assassination, kidnapping or assault
Prohibited transactions involving nuclear materials
Q [UNREGISTERED! REGISTER NOW!]
Securities, fraud in the sale of
Sexual activity, transportation for illegal
Sexual exploitation of children
State felonies: arson, bribery, dealing in obscene matter, extortion,
gambling, kidnapping, murder, robbery, narcotics
Stolen property, trafficking in
Tariff Act
Trading With The Enemy
Unauthorized sound and video recordings, fixation and trafficking in
Violence against maritime navigation and fixed platforms
Violence at international airports
Water pollution
Wire fraud
X [UNREGISTERED! REGISTER NOW!]
Y [UNREGISTERED! REGISTER NOW!]
Z [UNREGISTERED! REGISTER NOW!]

@_date: 2001-04-01 00:15:49
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: CCL (Crypto Carrying License) 
I've seen these snips today...
In the US private security consultants have numerous licenses, variable by
state. ("C & G" licenses - guns, dogs, exec protect, PIs, etc.) Aren't ya'll
just getting worked up over a misnomer? Not to say it won't happen, indeed,
some interests could make a powerful argument for tech security licenses,
the same rationale would definitely apply.
Background links:
Break it:

@_date: 2001-11-06 10:27:11
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: [TSCM-L] *BOOM!* 
All the civil lib talk regarding sneak and peek is radicalizing fringe
groups and sensitizing them to countermeasures. Conversations of
checks...vid -- and I strongly suspect booby trap talk. (I have a research
interest in groups under surveillance/impression of surveillance.)
The only booby trap I recognize is a "water bra." I hope guys doing
surreptitious entry under increased surveillance powers are afforded better
recognition training. No doubt some of you are important resources as to
these matters, and I hope that your expertise is being sought.
Below is a good case clip on vid. I disagree with the court's opinion in
this instance, but I can't disagree with the risks in covert entry:
"...Followed to its logical conclusion, the dissent would encourage drug
manufacturers to mount hidden video cameras in their facilities so they can
capture the moment of truth when the police execute a search warrant and
would authorize drug dealers secretly to tape record conversations with
suspected undercover officers or with informants in order to protect the
dealers' rights against hypothetical police abuse. Numerous other examples
exist. The point is an obvious one. Every police encounter would be
available for secret recording..."
This judge is seriously behind the times.
(Pardon the civie-female-hand-wringing. Just worries me.)

@_date: 2001-11-09 13:44:57
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: America the Beautiful 
Can't we just object?
"I object." Said objection is now a part of the record.

@_date: 2001-11-09 21:09:24
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: Combination locks, compelled disclosure, testimonial 
To add to previous case clips/discussions on this topic.
5th Circuit: (see opinion for footnotes)
is subject to custodial interrogation."(4)  The government does not dispute
that Green was in custody when he
identified the briefcase and safe and unlocked the combination locks on
each, after having been transported by ATF agents to his residence and led
around in the execution of the search
warrant.(5)  The government also does not dispute, although it does not
explicitly concede the point, that the ATF agents' actions in taking Green
to his residence and telling him to assist the agents in executing the
search warrant and show them any firearms in the residence was interrogation
likely to elicit an incriminating response.(6)  Green's actions in
disclosing that
there were firearms in the residence, showing the agents where the firearms
were located, and opening the briefcase and safe were all made in response
to queries from ATF agents after he
had invoked his right to counsel.  This was custodial interrogation.
On appeal, the government mentions its argument made before the district
court that, although Green's oral statements may have been elicited during
custodial interrogation in violation
of his Fifth Amendment right to counsel, Green's acts of opening the
combination locks were non-testimonial.  This argument is without merit.
Supreme Court precedent forecloses any argument
that Green's directing the agents to the two cases containing firearms and
opening the combination locks were not testimonial acts.
In Doe v. United States,(9) the majority implicitly held that this precise
behavior was testimonial communication so expressing the defendant's mind as
to constitute compelled self-incriminatory  statements.(10) There is no
serious question but that Green's actions in disclosing the locations and
opening the combination locks of the cases containing firearms were
testimonial and communicative in nature.(11)  These compelled acts disclosed
Green's knowledge of the presence of firearms in these cases and of the
means of opening these cases.(12)  The ATF agents elicited these testimonial
acts in violation of Green's Fifth Amendment right to counsel, and their
admission at trial was reversible error.

@_date: 2001-11-10 15:29:08
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: "Anti-Terrorist" Exception to Atty-Client Privilege? 
See United States v. King, 335 F.Supp 523 (1971). See also the original DOJ
manual and related amendments.
If you can, pick up a copy of Eavesdropping On Trial, '74. It's an
insightful and easy read with good historical footnotes. It's an odd book,
in that it has gained in relevancy through the years. Originally, Congress
was predisposed to outlaw electronic surveillance altogether. Law
enforcement fought for decades to get it. Then, we came up with organized
crime (some still say they "invented" it). Title III was part of the "law
and order" agenda, before we characterized things as "war on." It's
effectiveness in regard to organized crime was even questioned, as that was
the stated target of Title III. It was the time of COINTELPRO, to give you
an idea of the political climate.
Most of the questions raised in '74 (soon after the act's '68 passage and
state implementation), remain unanswered. This suggests that the Title III
scheme itself is flawed.
The forward by Sen. Sam J. Ervin, Jr. is worth a frame:
''The history of American liberty has been a continuing struggle between the
desire for security and the human striving for personal freedom. Too often
it appears that the choice is easy -- for example, that the issue of law and
order is one of balancing the rights of society against the rights of
criminals. But the choice is never as easy as that deceptive formulation
suggests.  The great challenge of our constitutional system is the
continuing reconciliation of these two strong competing interests. Without
law there can be no true liberty, but a constant and exclusive preoccupation
with security is the death of human liberty. This was recognized by American
patriots as long ago as 1775: "Those who would give up essential Liberty, to
purchase a little temporary Safety, deserve neither Liberty nor Safety."
The citizen who truly honors liberty knows that there are no easy choices.
The public leader who is true to his obligation to inform and educate the
citizenry recognizes that he must shun emotional appeals. It is a great
disservice to the public to succumb to the temptation to make issues of
crime and liberty a political football. Unfortunately, politicians forever
fall victim to the temptation, especially in recent years.
...These issues are too important to be left to the "expert" -- be he
a lawyer, legislator, judge, or prosecutor. While the issues are complex,
this is no arcane subject which the private citizen can safely leave to
others. Few people are neutral about issues such as eavesdropping, but the
public is not well served by rhetoric. As difficult as it may be to address
the subject fairly, openly, and accurately, to do so is necessary if the
public is to be well served.
Words to haunt Congress by?
Only time will tell.

@_date: 2001-11-12 17:07:45
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: Sedition  
More like corruption...the intimidation and suppression of moderate
viewpoints through public ridicule, an ideological culling based on fears of
association, and then a real or perceived compromise from which there is no
Some would profess American Constitutional ideals, but use methods that
strike me as distinctively un-American in character.
"In troubled waters, there's good fishing."

@_date: 2001-11-15 15:48:20
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: Sedition 
seems to
but you
I do, too. But, clearly, I'm not an agent.
A field agent would look away from the moving bright spot, take in the whole
room, and see the wolf with the flashlight sitting in the corner.
(That's a ancient Texas proverb, BTW, "House cats do not eat wolves. Wolves
eat house cats." Never made sense to me, aside from the obvious. If anybody
here knows the true meaning/origin of that, I would be interested to hear

@_date: 2001-11-16 16:50:28
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: Monkeywrenching 
[up-posted conversation]
You are working too hard today.
I meant it in the sense that it sounds like they are talking about criminal
defense lawyers.
(i.e., "make numerous references to the US Constitution," "defenders,"

@_date: 2001-11-16 21:23:17
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: You missed it by >< much. 
94th Cong. 1st Sess.
H.R. 1603
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES
January 17, 1975
Mr. Drinan introduced the following bill; which was referred the Committee
on the Judiciary.
A BILL
To amend certain sections (authorizing wiretapping and electronic
surveillance) of title 18 of the United States Code.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United
States of America in Congress assembled,
That the Congress finds and declares that--
(1)	Widespread wiretapping and electronic surveillance, both by private
persons and Government agents, both under color of law, and without pretense
of legal excuse or justification, has seriously undermined personal security
and often violated fundamental constitutional rights, including the rights
to free speech, press, and association, the rights to due process and equal
protection, and the right to privacy.
(2)	Complexities and defects in current Federal law have aided those who
engage in wiretapping and electronic surveillance, and current Federal law
has not provided adequate safeguards against corrupt abuses of
communications technology.
(3)	No person, in any branch of the Federal Government, in however high an
office, or in any other governmental or private position should be
authorized either explicitly or implicitly to violate the constitutional
rights of persons by eavesdropping on private conversations through
wiretapping and electronic surveillance.
(4)	The end of prosecuting those who violate the law does not justify
wrongdoing on the part of the Government.
(5)	The peculiar susceptibility of wiretapping and electronic surveillance
to misuse in the furtherance of partisan political goals renders wiretapping
and electronic surveillance a particularly dangerous temptation to
Government officials, and the chance of its misuse outweighs any potential
benefits which might otherwise be found in it.
(6)	SEC. 2. Title 18 of the United States Code is amended
(1)	by striking out section 2511(1) Except as otherwise specifically
provided in this chapter any person who and inserting in lieu thereof
(2)	by inserting immediately after subparagraph (d) of section 2511(1), but
before shall be fined the following new subparagraph: (e) willfully
intercepts or records any wire or oral communication without the consent of
all the parties to such communication;
(3)	by striking out or at the end of section 2511(1)(d), and by inserting
or at the end of section 2511(1)(d);
(4)	by striking out sections 2511(2)(a)(ii), (b), (c), and (d);
(5)	by striking out section 2511 (3);
(6)	by striking out section 2512(1) Except as otherwise provided in this
chapter, any person who willfully and inserting in lieu thereof Whoever
(7)	by striking out section 2512(2); and
(8)	by striking out sections 2516, 2517, 2518, 2519, 2510 (9).
"Freedom From Surveillance Act of 1975,"
The gist:
"(a) Except as provided in subjections (b) of this section or otherwise
required by statute, whoever being a civil officer of the United States
willfully conducts investigations into, maintains surveillance over, or
maintains records regarding the beliefs, associations, political activities,
or private affairs of any citizen of the United States, or regarding the
beliefs, membership, or political activities of any group or organization of
such citizens, shall be fined not more than $10,000, or imprisoned not more
than one year, or both."
"(b) Nothing contained in the provisions of this section shall be deemed
either to limit or to enlarge such legal authority of the United States as
may exist to:
"(1) collect, receive, or maintain information relevant to an individual who
has committed or is suspected on reasonable grounds to have committed a
"Bill Of Rights Procedures Act of 1975" -- asking for a court order based
upon probable cause for interception of communications, entry of dwellings,
opening of mail, the inspection of and procuring of the records of
telephone, bank, credit, medical and other business or private transactions
of any individual.
....from a 'vintage' 2 vol. copy of the 94th Cong. surveillance hearings,
with a "Center For Investigative Reporting" stamp. ~Aimee

@_date: 2001-11-17 00:33:29
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: America the Beautiful 
"In the heyday of the Red Squad, law enforcers from J. Edgar Hoover's FBI on
down to the local level in Chicago focused to an unhealthy degree on
political dissidents, whose primary activity was advocacy though it
sometimes spilled over into violence. Today the concern, prudent and not
paranoid, is with ideologically motivated terrorism. The City does not want
to resurrect the Red Squad. It wants to be able to keep tabs on incipient
terrorist groups. New groups of political extremists, believers in and
advocates of violence, form daily around the world. If one forms in or
migrates to Chicago, the decree renders the police helpless to do anything
to protect the public against the day when the group decides to commit a
terrorist act. Until the group goes beyond the advocacy of violence and
begins preparatory actions that might create reasonable suspicion of
imminent criminal activity, the hands of the police are tied. And if the
police have been forbidden to investigate until then, if the investigation
cannot begin until the group is well on its way toward the commission of
terrorist acts, the investigation may come too late to prevent the acts or
to identify the perpetrators. If police get wind that a group of people have
begun meeting and discussing the desirability of committing acts of violence
in pursuit of an ideological agenda, a due regard for the public safety
counsels allowing the police department to monitor the statements of the
group's members, to build a file, perhaps to plant an undercover agent." --
Alliance to End Repression v. City of Chicago, 237 F.3d 799 (7th Cir. Ill.
May I have a ruling?
This list is flypaper, so it makes for interesting research and insights.
However, at some point, somebody turned on the bug zapper.

@_date: 2001-11-17 22:39:56
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: Monkeywrenching 
I am no longer on the list. My "Policeman Inside" broke out. He won't let me
be associated with silly salad talk, mission orientation, and Levi-Smithing.

@_date: 2001-09-04 19:26:57
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: Moral Crypto isn't wuss-ninnie. 
"A potential balance between national security and science may lie in an
agreement to include in the peer review process (prior to the start of
research and prior to the publication) the question of potential harm to the
nation.... I believe it is necessary before significant harm does occur
which could well prompt the federal government to overreact." -- Inman, '82.
It is not wuss-ninnie to spark debate, or to examine characterizations and
motives. Many say, "technology is neutral." It's not. Technology is
CONTEXTUAL. Somebody is going to use it for something, and that's usually
somebody and something in particular.
Most of you would agree that surveillance researchers failed to consider and
address the moral and societal implications of surveillance technologies.
That, too many said, was somebody else's problem. Now, it's *our* problem.
Had they looked into motivations and societal factors, we would have had
more lead time to deal with improper surveillance and secondary use issues.
We are in this position today because they were "wuss-ninnies."
If the benefits outweigh the costs, then fine -- but show me that you
thought about it, and considered what other people might have to say, even
if you might not agree with them (or me). I'm glad you have political ideas
and theories of how it's going to all work out....but it often doesn't work
out the way you think, or want it to.
In my opinion, to characterize a technology as having aims detrimental to
national security interests is both irresponsible and foolish. Words and
events shape public policy -- why shape it against you?
I realize Tim's position, and I respect his right to express his political
opinions and ideas, even though I don't agree with them, and think he is a
self-identifying flamboyant jackass. I understand that many of you have the
same opinions, and likewise....

@_date: 2001-09-10 22:27:23
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: Sociocultural Implications of Biometrics 
Google also Mayfield v. Dalton, 109 F.3d 1423 (9th Cir.1997) which
challenged a military DNA repository as violating the Fourth Amendment.
Between the district court and the appellate, the military made some
changes...shortening the holding period from 75 to 50 yrs, allowing for
individualized destruction upon request after military service, delineating
permissible uses, etc.-etc.
Compare to the Brits, who are experimenting with chipping their soldiers:
dog tags to pet chips.
Although I'm on the consortium list, etc. My RAND pubs notice did not
include the online version. Thanks, Faustine. Saved me some $. I always read
your contributions.
PS: Although elementary for many in here (but you are quite unusual),
Understanding Surveillance Technologies by Julie K. Petersen, available on
Amazon, has some "handy stuff" in it for a broad overview of surveillance
technologies. (I always appreciate private notes to papers/refs on
surveillance topics.)

@_date: 2001-09-11 14:22:21
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: Terrorists attack World Trade Center and Pentagon 
"How ironic, that this is all happening under the shadow of the Statue of
Liberty. Some of us may not have been born to see Pearl Harbor in 1941, but
I can assure you that none of us will ever forget the attack of the WTC in
New York City, September 11, 2001, a date that may become of more historical
significance than we can currently imagine.
Semper Fi,"
...a New Jersey volunteer bringing "a pick, shovel...and a hard stomach."
Perhaps borders and transportation will widely field biometric and
biochemical surveillance countermeasures. The surreptitious collection of
suspected terrorist biometrics for border security, along with surreptitious
polygraphing might have provided additional security, especially in
coordination with intelligence agents in the field. (If part of an organized
terrorist attack, our intelligence agencies *should have* their mugs.) That
could have been an aerosol cloud full of blister, blood, choking agents....
Still, while we are all flying the flag, I just hope we don't forget what it
stands for in the policy aftermath.
To say we had forewarning is an understatement, and name-calling,
retaliation, and yadda-yadda does nothing to address our intelligence and
security failures.
GAO reports critical of airport security:
(It seems like there was something very recent, but I can't find it. I can't
pull up GAO.gov.)
I hope this will be seen as a mandate to engage in the aggressive
acquisition of foreign intelligence sources, and a coordinated
counterintelligence strategy. Human Intelligence might make a much-needed
comeback. All we needed here was one placed HUMAN asset. One guy.

@_date: 2001-09-11 18:40:12
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: FC: Anonymous remailer operators start to take remailers  
I agree, and I'm a "wuss ninnie," according to many. They are broadcasting
the hotlines/website:  (slashdotted, on my end). They
want everything.
...Could the remops collaborate in some fashion so as to offer collection
...Could you set up a working group to assist with these situations in the
...Could you build something to facilitate anonymous reporting? I'm
brown-nosing Steele again, but terrorism seems to support a Whitehat
Blacknet (what I called an OSINT Intellagora). Isn't this a perfect example?
I think a working group on something like this would put crypto in a
positive light.

@_date: 2001-09-13 10:36:54
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: Anonymizer "Op Safe Investigation" / Official Anonymity 
"Anonymizer.com Launches 'Operation Safe Investigation' to
Help Law Enforcement and Journalism Professionals Maintain
Anonymity and Safety Online"
PRNewswire (09/06/01)
NLECTC Law Enforcement & Corrections Technology News Summary
Thursday, September 13, 2001
Anonymizer.com just debuted its "Operation Safe
Investigation" program to protect the identities of law
enforcement agents and journalists conducting investigations
via the Internet. Under the program, the company will
allocate as many as 25 user licenses for its Anonymous
Surfing service. Accounts remain active for a period of
three months, but participants will receive an option to
continue using the licenses at a reduced cost in the future.
Law enforcement officials require anonymity to conduct
investigations about the activities of Web surfers suspected
of criminal activities and for accessing certain Web sites
that show different Web pages based on a user's identity. In
addition to allowing investigators to effectively conceal
their identities, the service provides protection from
various security and privacy threats found on the Web.
Anonymity would be a greater aid to LEA to grease _incoming_ information
I've got flyboys scratching the sky here all a.m. -----
Shrwwwwwwoooooooooom!!!! Shrwwooooooooom!!! Serious play up there.

@_date: 2001-09-13 10:39:57
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: Cypherpunk Threat Analysis 
For the sick people in here that like to call for TNA's (target name and
address) for judicial officials etc.
NLECTC Law Enforcement & Corrections Technology News Summary
Thursday, September 13, 2001
"Technological Advances in Assessing Threats to Judicial
Sheriff (08/01) Vol. 53, No. 4, P. 34; Calhoun, Frederick S.
The majority of sheriff offices throughout the country
assign personnel to handle threats made to judges according
to which situations pose the greatest risks. Los Angeles
security consulting firm Gavin de Becker has developed an
advanced threat-management system that incorporates
computers. Assessing which threat poses the most risk to
court officials or jurors is difficult. According to the
U.S. Marshals Service's case files, people making threats
rarely carry them through. Gavin de Becker's MOSAIC program
provides a series of questions designed to assess the
potential risk posed by different situations and people. The
Supreme Court Police use the program for ensuring the safety
of the chief justices. (

@_date: 2001-09-13 14:29:50
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: Cypherpunk Threat Analysis (scramble near Crawford) 
Did not.
*rolls eyes*
Did not.
Oh yes, Cypherpunks, PGP and Extropians....the heart of
darkness....Whoo...big fish in here.
I don't work for Uncle.
BTW, big event skyward over my house this a.m. -- rumor is a private
aircraft near Bush Ranch. Got a scramble. Flyboys tore up the sky for a good
hour this morning. Shrwooooooom!!! Shrwwoooooooom!!!!

@_date: 2001-09-13 16:17:15
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: Congress mulls crypto restrictions in response to attacks 
Amateur radio was the first casualty after Pearl Harbor. Some criticize the
action now, of course.

@_date: 2001-09-13 20:26:06
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: A Brevital Moment (was..Ignore Aimee Farr) 
My post was not "bait." The reason we have anything left of the amendments
so frequently talked about in here is due to the independence of the
judiciary. While you can question aforesaid independence, threatening the
judiciary is beyond the pale.
There are some posts in here that give me 'pause for psycholinguistic
analysis.' As such, I worry that they could be misconstrued (Type 5...Type
6, compulsive or possible syndicate bombers even...) by some hypersensitive,
uneducated people not intimately familiar with the history and quirks of
this list -- in what has become a hypersensitive environment.
Bell's "Assassination Politics" put cypherpunks on some protective
intelligence agendas. It would not be implausible to assume you were being
monitored to see if you "run" with the seeded assassination memes, if only
for analytical purposes. These matters are taken seriously by those charged
with the care of protected persons. (Contrary to what some here would have
you believe, subtlety can get you a much higher threat-rating than overtly
threatening correspondence.)
Baiting? Provocation? No, a caveat. Do not tolerate behavior of that nature.
It subjects you all to scrutiny and mischaracterization.
What about Mr. K-S that hides behind his hushmail jacket and asks for names
and addresses.....why doesn't somebody cuss him out?

@_date: 2001-09-14 00:00:13
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: Congress mulls crypto restrictions in response to attacks 
Agree. Just came to mind.
Like the sky. Hm. "Open Skies." Eisenhower. That's a scary line of
How would "backdoor" cooperation be reconciled with heightened concerns over
privatized economic espionage? (Is there a conflict? Is that not a new
element, at least in terms of international concern?)

@_date: 2001-09-14 11:10:45
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: Crypto-anonymity greases HUMINT intelligence flows 
I don't know why Tim makes me out to be such a bitch. I'm pro-crypto and
Anonymity and encryption can assist with intelligence collection efforts,
and grease new intelligence flows. An OSINT "Intellagora," a WhiteHat
BlackNet, is zero-risk/zero-contact, and might assist in counterterrorism
intelligence collection -- there are arguments it's built for it (Steele).
It's technical, but it is a HUMINT solution. Such a solution could be used
not only for intelligence collection, but also for intervention. Another
prime example is in regard to "cyberterrorism," where companies have shown
great reluctance to share information with the government.
They are complaining about a lack of human intelligence, and the difficulty
of penetration. There are strong arguments that crypto can assist the
government in combating the very threat they complain of, and surmount
obstacles to intelligence collection and analysis. (And, as many here have
stated, legal prohibitions are only effective on law-abiders.)
Like THIS.....this was a natural response. Kudos.
SAN DIEGO, September 12, 2001 - Anyone with information pertaining to
Tuesday's terrorist attacks who wishes to communicate anonymously
with U.S. authorities can use an Anonymous Tip Web Link now located
at the Anonymizer.com home page.
Awards are authorized, BTW:
Sec. 3071. Information for which rewards authorized
(a) With respect to acts of terrorism primarily within the territorial
jurisdiction of the United States, the Attorney General may reward any
individual who furnishes information -
(1) leading to the arrest or conviction, in any country, of any
individual or individuals for the commission of an act of
terrorism against a United States person or United States
property; or
(2) leading to the arrest or conviction, in any country, of any
individual or individuals for conspiring or attempting to commit
an act of terrorism against a United States person or property;
(3) leading to the prevention, frustration, or favorable
resolution of an act of terrorism against a United States person
or property.
(b) With respect to acts of espionage involving or directed at the United
States, the Attorney General may reward any individual who furnishes
information -
(1) leading to the arrest or conviction, in any country, of any
individual or individuals for commission of an act of espionage
against the United States;
(2) leading to the arrest or conviction, in any country, of any
individual or individuals for conspiring or attempting to commit
an act of espionage against the United States; or
(3) leading to the prevention or frustration of an act of
espionage against the United States.

@_date: 2001-09-14 13:38:36
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: A Brevital Moment (was..Ignore Aimee Farr) 
I have never threatened a judicial official, or anybody else. I have reason
to doubt my character in this regard could be placed into question.

@_date: 2001-09-14 18:15:08
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: No Subject 
(c) EMERGENCY INSTALLATION.--
    (1) AUTHORITY FOR UNITED STATES ATTORNEYS.--Section 3125(a) of that
title is amended in the matter preceding paragraph (1)--
    (A) by striking ``or any Deputy Assistant Attorney General,'' and
inserting ``any Deputy Assistant Attorney General, or any United States
    (2) EXPANSION OF EMERGENCY CIRCUMSTANCES.--Section 3125(a)(1) of that
title is amended--
    (A) in subparagraph (A), by striking ``or'' at the end;
    (B) in subparagraph (B), by striking the comma at the end and inserting
a semicolon; and
    (C) by inserting after subparagraph (B) the following new subparagraphs:
    ``(C) immediate threat to the national security interests of the United
    ``(D) immediate threat to public health or safety; or
    ``(E) an attack on the integrity or availability of a protected computer
which attack would be an offense punishable under section 1030(c)(2)(C) of
this title,''.
This is somewhat of a mistatement considering the breadth of 2516.>

@_date: 2001-09-14 18:16:36
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: Material support to terrorists "concealing or disguising?" 
[Any previous discussion of this? Summary/Conclusions?]
Sec. 2339A. (FOOTNOTE 1) Providing material support to terrorists
(a) Offense. - Whoever, within the United States, provides material support
or resources or conceals or disguises the nature, location, source, or
ownership of material support or resources, knowing or intending that they
are to be used in preparation for, or in carrying out, a violation of
section 32, 37, 81, 175, 351, 831, 842(m) or (n), 844(f) or (i), 930(c),
956, 1114, 1116, 1203, 1361, 1362, 1363, 1366, 1751, 1992, 2155, 2156, 2280,
2281, 2332, 2332a, 2332b, 2332c, [2] or 2340A of this title or section 46502
of title 49, or in preparation for, or in carrying out, the concealment or
an escape from the commission of any such violation, shall be fined under
this title, imprisoned not more than 10 years, or both.
(b) Definition. - In this section, the term ''material support or
resources'' means currency or other financial securities, financial
services, lodging, training, safehouses, false documentation or
identification, communications equipment, facilities, weapons, lethal
substances, explosives, personnel, transportation, and other physical
assets, except medicine or religious materials.
(d) Extraterritorial Jurisdiction. - There is extraterritorial Federal
jurisdiction over an offense under this section.
Sec. 2339B. Providing material support or resources to designated foreign
terrorist organizations
(a) Prohibited Activities. -
(1) Unlawful conduct. - Whoever, within the United States or
subject to the jurisdiction of the United States, knowingly
provides material support or resources to a foreign terrorist
organization, or attempts or conspires to do so, shall be fined
under this title or imprisoned not more than 10 years, or both.
(4) the term ''material support or resources'' has the same
meaning as in section 2339A;
(6) the term ''terrorist organization'' means an organization
designated as a terrorist organization under section 219 of the
Immigration and Nationality Act.

@_date: 2001-09-14 19:40:48
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: Material support to terrorists "concealing or disguising?" 
Tim said:
Tim said:
Which said:
 To: cypherpunks at toad.com
Sender: owner-cypherpunks at toad.com

@_date: 2001-09-14 19:55:03
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: "Bugged" calling cards? 
See: "trap calling cards" or "skip calling cards."
Yes, you can do it yourself. Without passing on the legality of this, YES,
it is a sunlighted investigatory tactic. Contact a telco investigator in
your jurisdiction. A skilled pretexter, and a trap line, can work better in
some cases.
"See a lawyer and an investigatory professional."

@_date: 2001-09-15 12:47:32
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: Senate votes to permit warrantless Net-wiretaps, Carn  
See the following portion of a recent TX bill, proposed in June.
Offered for comparative purposes against the "new and improved" 3125.
Sec. 8A.  EMERGENCY INSTALLATION AND USE OF INTERCEPTING
 4-6     DEVICE.  (a)  The prosecutor in a county in which an electronic,
 4-7     mechanical, or other device is to be installed or used to intercept
 4-8     wire, oral, or electronic communications shall designate in writing
 4-9     each peace officer in the county, other than a commissioned officer
4-10     of the Department of Public Safety, who:
4-11                 (1)  is a member of a law enforcement unit specially
4-12     trained to respond to and deal with life-threatening situations;
4-13     and
4-14                 (2)  is authorized to possess such a device and
4-15     responsible for the installation, operation, and monitoring of the
4-16     device in an immediate life-threatening situation.
4-17           (b)  A peace officer designated under  Subsection (a)  or
4-18     under Section 5(b) may possess, install, operate, or monitor an
4-19     electronic, mechanical, or other device to intercept wire, oral, or
4-20     electronic communications if the officer:
4-21                 (1)  reasonably believes an immediate life-threatening
4-22     situation exists that:
4-23                       (A)  is within the territorial jurisdiction of
4-24     the officer or another officer the officer is assisting; and
4-25                       (B)  requires interception of communications
4-26     before an order authorizing the interception can, with due
 5-1     diligence, be obtained under this section;
 5-2                 (2)  reasonably believes there are sufficient grounds
 5-3     under this section on which to obtain an order authorizing the
 5-4     interception; and
 5-5                 (3)  obtains from a magistrate oral or written consent
 5-6     to the interception before beginning the interception.
 5-7           (c)  A magistrate may give oral or written consent to the
 5-8     interception of communications under this section.
 5-9           (d)  If an officer installs or uses a device under Subsection
5-10     (b), the officer shall:
5-11                 (1)  promptly report the installation or use to the
5-12     prosecutor in the county in which the device is installed or used;
5-13     and
5-14                 (2)  within 48 hours after the installation is complete
5-15     or the interception begins, whichever occurs first, obtain a
5-16     written order from a judge of competent jurisdiction authorizing
5-17     the interception.
5-18           (e)  A judge may issue an order authorizing interception of
5-19     communications under this section during the 48-hour period
5-20     prescribed by Subsection (d)(2).  If an order is denied or is not
5-21     issued within the 48-hour period, the officer shall terminate use
5-22     of and remove the device promptly on the earlier of the denial or
5-23     the expiration of 48 hours.
5-24           (f)  The state may not use as evidence in a criminal
5-25     proceeding any information gained through the use of a device
5-26     installed under this section if authorization for the device is not
 6-1     sought or is sought but not obtained.

@_date: 2001-09-15 22:26:14
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: SYMBOL no....ICON 
Pst, C'mere....
Let's build a BIIIIIIIG terrorist icon on the eve of a possibly long
engagement, and put lots of little people in it.
Don't present targets when civilian lives go in them.
And, you can't fight fires in those things.

@_date: 2001-09-19 11:37:55
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: Roving surveillance & misc. 
"Citizen Q" posted a news clip, which included:
A requirement under Title I of the ECPA is that the site of the targeted
phone be identified. This is the statutory embodiment of the forth amendment
particularization requirement. In the case of an "oral conversation,"
[within the meaning of the ECPA] Section 2518(11) eliminates the requirement
when there is a finding by a judge reviewing the application that the site
identification requirement is "impracticable." In contrast, for a "wire or
electronic communication," there must be a finding that the purpose of the
person who is the subject of surveillance is "to thwart interception by
changing facilities."
[1] Although somewhat dated, see Michael Goldsmith, Eavesdropping Reform:
The Legality of Roving Surveillance, 1987 U.Ill. L. Rev. 401 (1987).
[2] The MINIMIZATION REQUIREMENT is found in 2518(5) of the ECPA ("Title
III") requires interception be "conducted in such a way as to minimize the
interception of communications not otherwise subject to interception," in
order to prevent a fourth amendment prohibited "general search." For the
search of a conversation to be reasonable, minimization must take place so
that the government does not seize conversations unrelated to criminal
But see, SCOTT V. UNITED STATES, 436 U.S. 128 (1978) (court rejected the
view that 2518(5) required officers to engage in good faith efforts to
minimize the surveillance of non-pertinent conversations). "Scott factors"
as delineated in later decisions, have been the subject of considerable
criticism. Some states have rejected it entirely, requiring good faith at
the outset under state statutes. (Biometric and technological minimization
might provide a partial answer to Scott's latitude. If plausible, the Scott
doctrine should be tightened in the statute to require sincere "good faith"
minimization in light of any new technological aids to minimization.)
[3] TESTIMONY OF JAMES P. FLEISSNER ON THE COMPREHENSIVE ANTITERRORISM ACT
OF 1995... @ (discussing roving surveillance and supporting the harmonization of the two
roving surveillance provisions, and discussing the crimes already in the
statute with ties to terrorism).
[4] NOTICE. The notice and inventory provisions of the ECPA need to be
amended to provide notice to non-targets. 2518(8)(d) entitles only those
persons who were named in the court order (suspected of criminal activity)
to receive notice and inventory. The statutory provisions, which were
supposed to provide oversight, have been rendered meaningless by the courts.
There is a discretionary provision allowing a judge to notify a non-target
individual if, in his/her opinion, circumstances call for it.
[5] THE NATURE OF JUDICIAL OVERSIGHT. In regard to the Pen Register and Trap
and Trace Device provisions, the complaint is the lack of judicial
oversight. ["Upon an application made under section 3122(a)(1) of this
title, the court *shall* enter an ex parte order authorizing the
installation and use of a pen register or trap and trace device if the court
finds that the attorney for the Government has certified to the court that
the information likely to be obtained by such installation and use is
relevant to an ongoing criminal investigation."] Communication data, or
communication attributes, have already been the subject of considerable
controversy. Some argue that in contrast to judicial and legislative
interpretation, communication attributes are deserving of GREATER
constitutional protection -- not less, pointing to the fact that
communication data is more precise and revealing.
[6] See also, _Terrorism & The Constitution-Sacrificing Civil Liberties in
the Name of National Security_ by James X. Dempsey & David Cole -- available
on Amazon.
"But when, under conditions of modern warfare, our shores are threatened by
hostile forces, the power to protect must be commensurate with the
threatened danger." Korematsu v. United States, 323 U.S. 214, 220 (1944)
(this rationale was used to uphold internment camps for American citizens).
A reminder, I think.

@_date: 2001-09-19 16:22:40
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: Mandatory ID Cards -biometric association 
The conversation elsewhere is out of control...even "negative recognition"
in addition to a National Biometric-ID. The fear is that its an "appearance
measure." My response on another list was fairly long-winded, but it did
include the following:
(1) The pretexter. Mr. Terrorist -- he's a suspect or (hopes to be) a
fugitive, or he wouldn't be pretexting an ID.
(2) The patsy. Ann Murphy -- married and pregnant when her new husband tried
to put her on a plane with 3 pounds of plastic explosive. She was recruited
and set up over a year.
(3) The inward spy. Colonel von Stauffenberg -- admitted to Hitler's Wolf
Lair without question.
(4) The priest. Father Terrorist -- he is who he is. The only thing he has
to hide is his intent.
In 2, 3, and 4 authentication is an exploit. If it leads to a false sense of
security, it is an exploit. ''They'' will go for timing + circumstance +
opportunity. (The focus has shifted away from airplanes.) Myself and several
others have pointed out how this would agitate domestic dissident groups,
further civil tension, and possibly provoke violence -- the terrorist
objective straight out of "TERRORISM 101."
I just haven't seen any compelling counter-terrorism studies FOCUSING on
this (I'm looking, and I'm sure that I will...). Although document forgery
is an immigration problem, it sounds like one that can be addressed at the
border. While authentication is a first line defense, I question this
measure in terms of "combating terrorism," and worry that it is over-rated.
It's also something that goes with chokepoint-checkpoints.
[*pause*...seen the latest ANSIR?]

@_date: 2001-09-20 13:04:40
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: Cooksey: Expect racial profiling 
Press Release:
ADC Shocked By Congressman Cooksey's Remarks
Washington, DC, Sept. 19--The American-Arab Anti-Discrimination
Committee (ADC) is outraged by the comments made on Monday by
Representative John Cooksey (R-LA) on Louisiana radio stations stating
that someone who comes in thats got a diaper on his head and a fan
belt wrapped around that diaper on his head, that guy needs to be pulled
Representative Cookseys racist remarks are particularly shocking in
light of the ongoing national backlash against Arab Americans as a
result of last weeks terrorist attack in New York and the Washington,
D.C. area.
ADC President Dr. Ziad Asali said, It is totally unacceptable in the
midst of this national crisis that an elected official of the United
States Congress would utter such hateful and irresponsible words.  It is
a disgrace to Congress and to the medical profession.  Dr. Cooksey owes
Arab Americans and indeed the nation an apology.  As a member of
Congress he should realize that honoring constitutionally protected
civil rights is not simply trying to be politically correct as he
ADC officials have requested a meeting with Representative Cooksey upon
his return to Washington, D.C. this evening.

@_date: 2001-09-21 16:32:58
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: Redux: mass hate 
My introductory post (below) was based on a WMD domestic terrorism scenario,
to predict surveillance end-states.

@_date: 2001-09-22 09:00:10
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: Redux: mass hate 
I know you just FWDd it.
I didn't know what "psychohistory" was. The term sort of lends itself to
misconstruction. I've been pissed at you for months over that.

@_date: 2001-09-22 12:55:34
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: Redux: mass hate 
Just admitting my ignorance. :)
I wasn't poking at them, either. Tim is just hilarious when he wants to be,
and Declan included the terrorism variable in his comments -- and I didn't
say elicit anything about a particular event, or why I was asking.
Furthermore, I am a bitch, and the terrorism variable played out. (You're
all SOBs in my book, but you're insightful SOBs at times.)
I read a little on your terminology. Interesting, thank you.

@_date: 2001-09-24 00:47:29
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: Selected quotes from Keyser-Soze 
Indeed it may have to be fought through the crosshairs...
Time to show Ellison who the real threats to his personal safety are...
Its time to water the tree...
Only cowards worry about possible punishment. If this be terrorism, make the
most of it!
It seems quite a few have been making payments lately...eh?
Will someone publish the home address of the prosecuting attorney and judge
issuing the warrant?
(Plus, numerous political identifying rants.)
I've completed my psychological profile, and I'm left wanting. Maybe if I
resort to astrology....
Keyser, what sign were you born under?

@_date: 2001-09-24 17:09:09
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: Expectation of privacy in public? 
Under the California statute, a conversation in which the parties have no
expectation that the discussion would not be disclosed to others is not
confidential. Cal. Penal Code. Sect.632(a). "Confidentiality" has been
construed in California to mean "a reasonable expectation that the content
of the communication has been entrusted privately to the listener." Deteresa
v. American Braodcasting Co. 121 F.3d 460, 464 (9th Cir. 1997, cert. denied,
118 S. Ct. 1840 (1998).
Oral Communication under Title I (of "Title III" or the ECPA) incorporates
the Katz test. The Katz test is two-pronged: (1) the person challenging must
exhibit an expectation of privacy [subjective] and (2) that person must also
be justified in that expectation [objective]. If both prongs are not met,
the conversation is not protected under the constitution against warrantless
Senate Report 1097: neither the speakers intention to talk in confidence nor
the location of where the conversation happened controls the determination
of whether or not he reasonably expected he could not or would not be
overheard. The factors that might be considered in regard to the first prong
are: precautions taken, content, purpose, etc. Therefore, words a person
knowingly "puts to the public," possibly even in your home, can be outside
of the Fourth Amendment and Title III. However, it's a very contextual
Often, the courts use the rationale that because you have no reason to
believe your conversation is not being overheard, you have no reason to
believe you are not being recorded. See In re Johen Doe Trader No. One, 894
F.2d 240, 243 (7th Cir. 1990)(recording on floor of commodities exchange).
They could also make the analogy to a visitor of a bugged house, such as
United States v. Flemmi, 225 F.3d 78 (1st Cir. 2000). However, the mere fact
that the conversation is on government premises does not affect an
expectation of privacy. United States v. Jackson, 588 F.2d 1046, 1052 (5th
Cir. 1979)....and a bunch more after that.
Blah, blah, more than you wanted to know.

@_date: 2001-09-24 18:01:54
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: Selected quotes from Keyser-Soze 
Mr. Keyser-Soze of the hushmail jacket:
Want to catch some REALLY big fish?
Dangle your ego.

@_date: 2001-09-24 20:45:19
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: Extraterritorial surveillance. 
Electronic surveillance occurring outside the territorial U.S. is not
regulated by Title III or state surveillance statutes. The Fourth Amendment
is implicated if American officers are the instigators. If there is U.S.
involvement, the Fourth will be violated if the surveillance violated the
law of the foreign jurisdiction. [1]
The catch, as always, is the suppression remedy. (Note that Congress did not
give a suppression remedy for electronic communications.) With regard to
foreign surveillance, the justification has been that suppression does not
serve a deterrent to foreign actors. (What they fail to consider, is that
this cooperation is prone to abuse, especially in regard to economic
espionage. Foreign intelligence agencies service their own agendas, and
these agendas are increasingly tied to private interests. It's a legitimacy
blanket for blackmail, source recruitment, infiltration and so on....) If
the U.S. liaisons acted in good faith reliance as to the foreign operation,
they are entitled to the good faith exception. If it's a silver plate
service, without involvement, you can use in it prosecution. [2] The general
rule is that it has to "shock" the judicial conscience to be excluded, or
"Taunt Happy-Fun Court" in cypherpunk lingo.
For domestic group surveillance related to national security interests, see
United Sates v. United States District Court, 407 U.S. 297 (1972),
[construing 2511(3)in 1972; pre-FISA] (Title III did not reach national
security surveillance, and the President could not conduct warrantless
surveillance against exclusively domestic organizations). The same arguments
are being made today.
Surveillance law in the United States is the study of the backbone of the
judiciary, bent by the ignorance of congress, due to the machinations of the
executive branch.
[1] See United States v. Barona, 56 F.3d 1087, 1091 (9th Cir. 1995); United
States v. Peterson, 812 F.2d 486, 491 (9th Cir. 1987); United States v.
Phillips, 1979 WL 1505 *16 (M.D.Fla.). But see United States v. Andreas,
1998 WL 42261, *3, (N.D. Ill.), aff'd, 216 F.3d 645, 660-661 (7th Cir.
*Administration* analysis @  on
the proposed Section 105 Use of Wiretap Information From Foreign
Governments: "Under current case law, federal prosecutors appear to have the
ability to use electronic surveillance conducted by foreign governments in
criminal proceedings. As criminal law enforcement becomes more of a global
effort, such information will come to play a larger role in federal
prosecutions. To ensure uniformity of federal practice, this section
codifies the principle that United States prosecutors may use against
American citizens information collected by a foreign government even if the
collection would have violated the Fourth Amendment. Under the proposal,
such information may not be used if it was obtained with the knowing
participation" or at the direction of American law enforcement personnel,
if gathered in violation of constitutional protections."
[2] See United States v. Mature, 982 F.2d. 57, 61 (2nd Cir. 1992). See also,
(short cites)... Mitro, 880 F.2d 1480; DeLaplane, 778 F.2d 570; Maher, 645
F.2d 780; Derewal, 703 F. Supp. 372 (supplying tip does not rise to the
level of "involvement").

@_date: 2001-09-25 15:43:56
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: Mind control: U.S. Measures May Incite Domestic Terror 
Citizen Q:
I most strongly disagree.
Solutions that provoke acts of domestic terrorism, rather than preventing
them -- are not "solutions," no? While these groups may not hold legitimate
opinions in the eyes of most Americans, they are legitimate threats. (I have
used some responsive commentary in here to make this point elsewhere.)
In my opinion, some of these proposals not only "trade security for
privacy," (their words) they are going to "trade privacy for terrorism." I
think that's a bad deal for everybody.
Part of our problem in regard to U.S.-based domestic terrorism and militia
groups has been our prosecutorial or military "snatch" mindset. We need to
attack their strategy, rather than engage in actions that legitimize their
world views, incite action, encourage radicalization and facilitate
This is a WAR On Terrorism -- not a Keystone Cop chase. I believe that any
responsible analysis of proposed solutions should squarely address the issue
of domestic incitement. Polls with CitizenQ-like opinions express American
sentiment....but they can be damning for domestic terrorism policy if we do
not pause to examine the implications.
Would it be ironic if, in our efforts to "stop" the unthinkable, we give
rise to it? Would that be good policy?
In addition to "concerns" over the erosion of civil liberties, one message
Congress desperately needs to get: "DON'T FEED THE BEARS."

@_date: 2001-09-25 23:03:03
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: When the FBI Guys Come Knocking... 
(a) There just aren't enough good interviewers to go around. The cooperation
of the American-Arab community is not something the FBI wants to place at
(b) As the interviewee was a frequent writer on Arab-American issues, the
story could have been predicted (with great accuracy) following an
interrogation-style interview. Maybe the FBI is beating the grass to see
what moves, or runs. If you can get the cells and their associates to focus
on freedom and security, rather than an attack -- you've gained time, if
nothing else.
Most of you would probably pick (a).
It is discouraging to see the disdain in which many of you hold the FBI
during a time when we need cooperation and insight from nontraditional
In some cases, maybe FBI agents are an inappropriate vehicle for
elicitation. An NGO might be able to garner trust and serve as a trusted
liaison with dissident groups, and even more so if it used "snitch-crypto."
*she says, just wondering....as she covers herself with flame-retardant

@_date: 2001-09-25 23:21:02
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: Mind control: U.S. Measures May Incite Domestic Terror 
Anon -- via Havenco.
We - The People.
They - Anybody that has expressed a sincere desire to blow "the people" up
and has warranted a threat-rating.
I am speaking in the context of U.S. domestic organizations with terrorist
inclinations, not OBL and his like, of course.
Some proposals fit into the apocalyptic visions of some groups. Shades of
PROJECT MEGIDDO and so forth.
In MANY respects, I agree with you.
"Propaganda" can serve legitimate purposes and need not be deceitful. In a
like vein, COINTELPRO need not involve infiltration, lying, black bag jobs,
or the stifling of legitimate political dissent.
Speaking of such things....private groups have been highly successful in
criminalizing the ideology of opposing dissident groups that they deem
contrary to their interests. They use the media to make repetitive
unsubstantiated allegations until the public actually begins to associate a
criminal mindset with the group or idea.
My understanding is that the word "cypherpunk" made recent congressional
testimony -???
Their strategy is psychology. And, yes, we can. You "attack their strategy"
when there is somebody assigned to respond to inaccurate reporting, hoaxes,
etc. You "attack their strategy" by encouraging dialogue. You "attack their
strategy" by encouraging moderation (as opposed to inciting action). In many
cases, it could be as simple as communication, and involve some ETHICAL Cold
War skillsets.
Yes, common sense has historically been a poor argument to Congress.

@_date: 2001-09-26 00:43:36
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: Smallpox? 
HANDS..... prepared to
of mass destruction
Moscow WMD deals.
Chinese can openers.
Some things never change.

@_date: 2001-09-26 18:18:49
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: The Confession Of Aimee Farr 
I was recruited to infiltrate "cypherpunks," a public mailing list. I did so
by immediately pissing off your putative leader, known to have the
personality of a pit bull. To gain admittance to your "inner circle," I
expressed disagreement with damn near everything you said. To assist
prosecutors, I quashed conversations that I deemed inciting. To cultivate
sources, I defended law enforcement interests.
Smoked out by CitizenQ. So great is my shame....
Since most of you wouldn't know an FBI Special Agent if one bit you in the
ass, I suggest you stop worrying about them.

@_date: 2001-09-26 23:59:35
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: The Confession Of Aimee Farr 
It wasn't "fantasy gibberish," my comments were intended as humorous,
tongue-in-cheek response to repeated attempts of individuals seeking to
ferret me out as an "FBI Agent." Jeesh.
Oh, please....

@_date: 2001-09-27 15:49:59
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: The Confession Of Aimee Farr 
>
Sorry for FINALLY getting a little testy in regard to the Aimee-agent
theory. I didn't mean to give offense, sincerely. (I had just received a
rather concerning message offlist.) My comments would have been more
appropriately directed to that person, but they did not leave a

@_date: 2002-01-16 00:11:34
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: Cypherpunk Agitprop. 
I'm so damn mad, I can't even subscribe to a mailing list.....

@_date: 2002-01-16 21:45:49
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: Cypherpunk Agitprop. 
Spirit of ignorance. Somebody FWD'd a quip from Tim May, posted to another
list, referring to an "Agent Farr," connected with hypothetical terroristic
acts. I am only a victim of May's master polemics.
I'm going to disappoint you.
Texas humor. It's misunderstood. It's partially my fault you caught hell, I
"aggravated" Tim. In retrospect, it was most unwise. I should try to stay
out of his radar.
No, I didn't. I have many admirers.
I'm flattered my head was worth $4.
My first TNA.
Reminds me, book of situational interest:
American Political Prisoners: Prosecutions [Under the Espionage and Sedition
By Stephen M. Kohn (Praeger, 1994, ISBN: 0-275-94415-8, 240 pages).
The gist: The book is the product of FOIA requests (and a successful
lawsuit), consisting of official correspondence, letters from prisoners,
photos, etc. of people "not thinking correctly." The prisoners in the book
ran a gamut from labor, anarchists, pacifists, etc. Conditions of
confinement were so poor, that some died before trial, others went insane,
or become infected with TB in prison. Many of them simply circulated written
material. Statements such as "gone crazy over patriotism," "We need
preparedness, not to kill one another, but to live peaceably, happily and
equally," and "war is organized murder," effectively netted people
torturous, abusive conditions. We convicted several preachers for preaching
"do not kill," others for criticizing war bonds, many for membership in the
IWW, and a substantial number of people based on no evidence whatsoever.
(WWI was trench warfare. The military had not yet mastered combat
discipline.) In the eyes of many, patriotism was used as a weapon to quash a
movement (organized labor) seen as a threat to our power structure. It put
an ugly, human perspective on what I otherwise knew as just a few cases and
The laws are still on the books. (Our sabotage and espionage laws do need
I was struck by how some called themselves "internationalists." Our national
security outlook predicts the rise of NGOs and networks based on subnational
identifiers, which will be the cause of subversion and insurrection on a
global scale. It doesn't sound too much unlike the "internationalists," does
The reaction in other countries will no doubt be more extreme.
(I don't envy our people that have to make foreign faction-calls in the
coming environment, it's like sticking your head in a guillotine.)

@_date: 2002-01-16 23:26:48
@_author: Aimee Farr 
@_subject: Cypherpunk Agitprop. 
Yes, it takes two, and I admit my role in it. Let's just drop it, nobody
wants to hear this banter.
