
@_date: 2001-09-15 17:36:36
@_author: aleph1 at securityfocus.com 
@_subject: Detecting Steganographic Content on the Internet 
Detecting Steganographic Content on the Internet
Niels Provos and Peter Honeyman
Steganography is used to hide the occurrence of communication. Recent
suggestions in US newspapers indicate that terrorists use steganography to
communicate in secret with their accomplices. In particular, images on the
internet were mentioned as the communication medium. While the newspaper
articles sounded very dire, none substantiated these rumors. To determine
whether there is steganographic content on the Internet, this paper presents
a detection framework that includes tools to retrieve images from the world
wide web and automatically detects whether they might contain steganographic
content. To ascertain that hidden messages exist in images, the detection
framework includes a distributed computing framework for launching dictionary
attacks hosted on a cluster of loosely coupled workstations. We have analyzed
two million images downloaded from eBay actions but have not been able to
find a single hidden message.

@_date: 2002-08-12 11:45:26
@_author: aleph1 at securityfocus.com 
@_subject: Implementation of Chosen-Ciphertext Attacks against PGP and GnuPG 
Implementation of Chosen-Ciphertext Attacks against PGP and GnuPG
K. Jallad, J. Katz, and B. Schneier
We recently noted that PGP and other e-mail encryption protocols are, in theory, highly vulnerable to chosen-ciphertext attacks in which the recipient of the e-mail acts as an unwitting "decryption oracle." We argued further that such attacks are quite feasible and therefore represent a serious concern. Here, we investigate these claims in more detail by attempting to implement the suggested attacks. On one hand, we are able to successfully implement the described attacks against PGP and GnuPG (two widely-used software packages) in a number of different settings. On the other hand, we show that the attacks largely fail when data is compressed before encryption.
Interestingly,the attacks are unsuccessful for largely fortuitous reasons; resistance to these attacks does not seem due to any conscious effort made to prevent them. Based on our work, we discuss those instances in which chosen-ciphertext attacks do indeed represent an important threat and hence must be taken into account in order to maintain confidentiality. We also recommend changes in the OpenPGP standard to reduce the effectiveness of our attacks in these settings.
