
@_date: 2008-02-27 05:52:34
@_author: Andrew Quinlan 
@_subject: The Long-Awaited Great Debate: Tax Competition vs. Tax Cartels! 
Center for Freedom and Prosperity Foundation
For Immediate Release
Wednesday, February 27, 2008
The Long-Awaited Great Debate:
Tax Competition vs. Tax Cartels!
(Washington, DC, Wednesday, February 27, 2008)  The Center for
Freedom and Prosperity Foundation is pleased to announce that the long-
awaited " Tax Competition vs. Tax Cartels!" debate is officially
It may not be at the same level as the Lincoln-Douglas debates (though
Richard Murphy and Jack Blum want taxpayers to be slaves of
government). It may not get the ratings of the Ali-Frazier "Thrilla-in-
Manilla" (though we are expecting a knock-out). And it may not
dominate the headlines like Donald Trump vs. Rosie O'Donnell (can we
choose none-of-the-above?).
But when Dan Mitchell (Senior Fellow, Cato Institute, USA), and
Richard Hay (International Tax Principal, Stikeman Elliott, UK) square
off against Richard Murphy (Research Director, Tax Justice Network,
UK) and Jack Blum (Co-Author, Financial Havens, Banking Secrecy &
Money Laundering , USA), sparks are sure to fly.
Some of you may remember there were rumors of a Mitchell-Murphy debate
several months ago. This led to a debate about a possible debate ( see
  and 2007-01/2007-01.shtml for more info).
So if they squabble that much over ground rules, imagine how much fun
it will be when they actually cross (rhetorical) swords for real!
The debate is being sponsored by Offshore Alert, and will take place
April 14 in Fort Lauderdale, Fl, at the 6th Financial Diligence
Conference: To get an early peak at the debate, see
Needless to say, we hope to see many of our friends in the audience.
Murphy and Blum will doubtlessly be pumped up since the debate takes
place on the eve of their favorite day of the year, so we need some
friends in the audience. If you are interested, registration details
are available at: # # #
Contact Information:
Center for Freedom and Prosperity Foundation
Alexandria, Virginia 22310-9998
Phone: 202-285-0244
press at freedomandprosperity.org
Forward email
This email was sent to rah at shipwright.com, by alert at freedomandprosperity.org
Update Profile/Email Address | Instant removal with SafeUnsubscribe |
Privacy Policy.
Email Marketing by
CF&P Foundation | PO Box 10882 | Alexandria | VA | 22310
