
@_date: 1997-08-25 02:54:26
@_author: Alex Le Heux 
@_subject: Shooting the taggers 
Hash: SHA1
is a
sensibilities of
Grafitti is criminal (although many of us probably do things that are
'criminal' under some silly law or other), it is definately very
annoying and I wouldn't like someone spraying it on my front door, but
shooting people for it is a bit over the top I think.
Grafitti (as in writing your name on or in something that you don't
own) has existed for ages. Only since the invention of spraypaint has
it become a big problem. Technology can also provide a solution.
Surfaces can be treated so that grafitti can easily be removed. All
this of course costs money, but that is, imho, the price of being part
of a pile of millions of people, ie. a city.
Another solution, which works very well for shopfronts over here, is
to actually contract and pay a grafitti gang to spray the shops logo
or whatever on the front (or steel blinds).
Shooting people for this will probably only make them shoot back,
which will ony result in overworked morgue employees and/or high
hospital bills.

@_date: 1997-08-25 21:19:13
@_author: Alex Le Heux 
@_subject: Email privacy in Dutch constitution 
Hash: SHA1
In the Dutch constitution it says that (snail) mail is personal and private. It is illegal to open mail. Except of course with the usual warrants. And there used to be a special division of the PTT (the Dutch phone/mail company) that had the right to open mail that couldn't be delivered or had other problems. These people had to take all kinds of oaths. On the whole it wasn't easy to (legally) read someone else's mail.
There is currently a proposal to change the constitution(1) so that email is specifically included in this.
I'll attempt a translation of the article here (the original can be found at

@_date: 1997-08-27 04:04:30
@_author: Alex Le Heux 
@_subject: Welfare Solution #389 
Hash: SHA1
hits of
drug user
I see that I did. No problem, plenty of new stuff here to keep the argument going...
drooling in a
Even so
behavior more
SS or
supply &
I suppose you believe that a drug addict has no one to blame but himself, and that he should take _all_ of the blame. I don't. They certainly deserve some credit for the mess they're in, but not entirely. Bad luck has a lot to do with it as well. Just like getting blown off a cliff by the wind. You shouldn't have been there, you should have been strong enough not be blown off, etc....
Also, it being the druggie's fault or not, treating him as an outcast is not going to solve the problem. It'll only make it worse. For him, and for the rest of us.
What works much better is treating his addiction more like a disease. This is what we do in The Netherlands. We have few junkies living in the street, rarely does a granny get her head blown off for a nickle and a dime. Also the mortality rate under the junkies is very low, although I suspect you don't see that as a good thing.
The 'drug problem' as it exists in most places in this world is the result of the mindboggeling numbers of people living in tiny spaces. It is a problem of us all, so the bill ends up with us all.
Procecuting the addict only serves to drive up that bill. Killing him is certainly the cheap option, but a healthy society takes care of it's members, even if they mess up so spectacularly. Several programs, in The Netherlands and Switzerland and probably other places, have shown that by far the cheapest and least painful solution for all is just to give the man his drugs. In fact, Switzerland is doing just that with it's heroin addicts. As it turns out most of them get some sort of life back together, a lot even manage to get and hold jobs and thus become productive citizens dispite their addiction.

@_date: 1997-08-29 09:54:56
@_author: Alex Le Heux 
@_subject: Welfare Solution #389 
Hash: SHA1
getting to like to Coke, and "Bad Luck" in this case means a bit more than simple thigs like "someone slipped me one at a party". Bad luck comes in many forms. Drugs aren't just a physical thing, they mess with your mind ass well. So among "someone slipped me one at a party" we should also count "I just got fired and my girlfriend broke up with me and everything just plain sucked for a while, and before I knew it I was outcast him, Well, I have news for you: It doesn't make them think twice. You only have to look around you to see the prove of that.
disease. Most of them do not like the situation they're in. Try _really_ talking to some of them. The problem is that by the time they're outcasts from society, the only thing left in life that'll take away the pain (physical pain as well, from withdrawel) is the drug. Make these people feel part of society again, and they suddenly gain a lot of strength. Enough strength in many cases to enable them to give up the drugs or at least lower their consumption to a level where they can actually function again.
I'm not asking you to support them. I'm only saying that it would be that much nicer if we could help them get back on their own two feet.
the spaces. are They're not the drug addicts I talking about here. They're just, like you say, "kids looking for a little fun"

@_date: 1997-10-02 17:45:51
@_author: Alex Le Heux 
@_subject: "Show me an example of terrorists using the Internet or crypto" 
Hash: SHA1
Eh, no. The conclusion would be that gun control or no gun control
does not affect the amount of war in the world at all.
True, but imho this will only result in more people getting killed.
Any invader would not beat about the bush in the US, they'll make very
clear that they'll have nothing to do with citicens defending their
own homes. They'll just blow up the home from a distance.
Bullshit. People in the US rarely use their weapons against oppressive
governments or political turbulence. Most guns that are used against
another person there are used to commit crime or to defend against
those armed criminals.
Excuse me? Have you ever even been in Europe? In the last 50 years I
mean? You are so full of shit here, it's incredible. I hereby invite
you to come over, and stay a while. I have a comfy couch.
Anyone in Europe can go anywhere else, and be treated reasonably to
very well. We in Europe have put the crap of WWII behind us a long
time ago. Something that you haven't managed to do apparently.
The Dutch are absolutely not 'nursing a grudge'. Come and visit.
You'll see.
You have a nerve. You, coming from a country where people are still
regularly killed in the name of racism, tell me this?!
We absolutely not pretending that this can never be expressed. In
fact, it's being expressed every day. We have our neo-nazi political
parties too. It's just that we here have learned our lesson, and very
few people actually listen to them.
Sure you would. It just would be that more bloody. The fact that
someone is armed has never stopped anyone from attacking. You just
make sure that your shot is the first and hits.
They are just more likely to become dead.
- From over here it appears that the majority of Americans doesn't
really give a shit. Correct me if I'm wrong.
Yes, things are a bit of a shambles at the other side of the pond.
Maybe for you it's a good thing to be armed to the teeth. For us over
here, arming the population would only serve to fill the morgues.

@_date: 1997-10-02 17:48:51
@_author: Alex Le Heux 
@_subject: "Show me an example of terrorists using the Internet or crypto" 
Hash: SHA1
Can you explain who exactly exploits who here?
PS. What's the point in posting anonymous when you have this sig?

@_date: 1997-10-02 18:06:53
@_author: Alex Le Heux 
@_subject: "Show me an example of terrorists using the Internet or crypto" 
Hash: SHA1
You can't deny that the more guns there are available, the more people
will get shot. There may be some people that are capable of owning a
gun and using it wisely (ie. not), but I don't believe that this is a
significant fraction of any population.
Urgl? The situation only becomes more explosive if both sides are
armed. Look at the arms race, which is now, thank god, over. I am
amazed at the amount of restraint both sides displayed during that
time, although it's been really close a few times.
It's really simple: If there are no guns, no one will get shot.
I _am_ talking about disarming a population. I don't know which 'it'
I'm not part of, but I am definately not part of the 'it' that
promotes death by gunshot.
Even if they did, dead people are still a Bad Thing. We had no quarrel
with the soldiers the resistance killed. Neither did most of them had
any quarrel with us. Just like the US troopers in Vietnam or some
other place.
Ok, you have a point there. Only it's not TV and movies (I don't have
a TV), it's reading the Cypherpunks list too often :)
I am not the gun control lobby, I am a citizen in a mostly gun-free
society, and glad of it. People getting shot here, be it robbery,
suicide, police violence or self defence is a rare occurence.
Over her, drive-by shootings are something from fairy tales.

@_date: 1997-10-03 04:40:27
@_author: alexlh at xs4all.nl 
@_subject: "Show me an example of terrorists using the Internet or crypto" 
I completely disagree. I bet you'd disagree too when the cops come to take
you away for using illegal crypto. It would be totally lawful. But that's
besides the point.
Killing people is NOT a good thing. It never is. It might be unavoidable
in a you-or-him situation, but that doesn't make it a good thing.
Would you like to be shot? No? Not even if someone else claims he has a
good reason to? I think this goes for most people. So the best that you
can do it claim that _you_ think there's a good reason to kill someone.
This is not a working theory for a community.
I dabble in techno-house and sometimes,
I do that badass hip-hop thang...
But the F U N K gets me every time!

@_date: 1997-10-04 14:13:11
@_author: Alex Le Heux 
@_subject: New PGP "Everything the FBI ever dreamed of" 
Hash: SHA1
Keep in mind that this is the 'PGP for Business'. Companies often operate on the principle that email that's sent and received from their machines is the company's, not the employee's. This is actually reasonable business practice. Specially when encryption enters the picture. The employee could walk under a bus, and leave some vital but encrypted emails in his mailbox. This could be a real problem for Individuals should of course stay as far away from something like this as possible.
Violence is the last resort of those who have lost all control over a

@_date: 1997-10-14 20:21:43
@_author: alexlh at xs4all.nl 
@_subject: commercial data recovery 
How about also having Alex' Backup Server, and using some
shared-secret/whatever tech to ensure that you need to contents of _both_
servers to actually reconstruct the data. This would be a 'Distributed
Encrypted Backup Sysyem'.
This might make it very hard for anyone to access your data without your
And if you use something like Onion Routers, it might even be quite
impossible for some lawenforcement agency to actually find out which one
of those encrypted files on the servers contains your backup.
I dabble in techno-house and sometimes,
I do that badass hip-hop thang...
But the F U N K gets me every time!

@_date: 1997-10-18 01:28:29
@_author: alexlh at xs4all.nl 
@_subject: (fwd) Import restrictions for crypto code 
Brian didn't come back to the US with Lucky as he wanted to develop
strong crypto applications and did not want to have to contend with export
restrictions. He currently has a desk in the offices of a major Dutch ISP,
XS4ALL, so he is nice and close to the backbone and thus has great
I dabble in techno-house and sometimes,
I do that badass hip-hop thang...
But the F U N K gets me every time!
