
@_date: 2016-04-08 11:14:18
@_author: Alfie John 
@_subject: How comes the cops didn't raid all tor exit nodes? 
References: <20160408091407.GA676
You only need to raid a single exit node loudly to scare off the rest...
Ho Lu said to him: "I have carefully perused your 13 chapters. May I submit
your theory of managing soldiers to a slight test?"
Sun Tzu replied: "You may."
Ho Lu asked: "May the test be applied to women?"
The answer was again in the affirmative, so arrangements were made to bring 180
ladies out of the Palace. Sun Tzu divided them into two companies, and placed
one of the King's favorite concubines at the head of each. He then bade them
all take spears in their hands, and addressed them thus: "I presume you know
the difference between front and back, right hand and left hand?"
The girls replied: Yes.
Sun Tzu went on: "When I say "Eyes front," you must look straight ahead. When I
say "Left turn," you must face towards your left hand. When I say "Right turn,"
you must face towards your right hand. When I say "About turn," you must face
right round towards your back."
Again the girls assented. The words of command having been thus explained, he
set up the halberds and battle-axes in order to begin the drill. Then, to the
sound of drums, he gave the order "Right turn." But the girls only burst out
laughing. Sun Tzu said: "If words of command are not clear and distinct, if
orders are not thoroughly understood, then the general is to blame."
So he started drilling them again, and this time gave the order "Left turn,"
whereupon the girls once more burst into fits of laughter. Sun Tzu: "If words
of command are not clear and distinct, if orders are not thoroughly understood,
the general is to blame. But if his orders ARE clear, and the soldiers
nevertheless disobey, then it is the fault of their officers."
So saying, he ordered the leaders of the two companies to be beheaded. Now the
king of Wu was watching the scene from the top of a raised pavilion; and when
he saw that his favorite concubines were about to be executed, he was greatly
alarmed and hurriedly sent down the following message: "We are now quite
satisfied as to our general's ability to handle troops. If We are bereft of
these two concubines, our meat and drink will lose their savor. It is our wish
that they shall not be beheaded."
Sun Tzu replied: "Having once received His Majesty's commission to be the
general of his forces, there are certain commands of His Majesty which, acting
in that capacity, I am unable to accept."
Accordingly, he had the two leaders beheaded, and straightway installed the
pair next in order as leaders in their place. When this had been done, the drum
was sounded for the drill once more; and the girls went through all the
evolutions, turning to the right or to the left, marching ahead or wheeling
back, kneeling or standing, with perfect accuracy and precision, not venturing
to utter a sound. Then Sun Tzu sent a messenger to the King saying: "Your
soldiers, Sire, are now properly drilled and disciplined, and ready for your
majesty's inspection. They can be put to any use that their sovereign may
desire; bid them go through fire and water, and they will not disobey."

@_date: 2016-04-26 21:08:04
@_author: Alfie John 
@_subject: Australia's Secret Sub-Prime Mortgage Crisis - Libertarian 
References: Even as an Australian with a mortgage, this post doesn't belong on cpunks.
Consider keeping this to /r/conspiracy.
