
@_date: 2001-02-03 06:10:34
@_author: Yehoo 
@_subject: Go ahead, dream a little... 
Go ahead, dream a little...
  Would you take the vacation of a lifetime that never ends?
Would you settle down in your own piece of paradise?
Would you create security for your family forever?
You have the chance to make that dream a reality. Play BigMax at  , our worldwide $50,000.00 USD
lottery. You can play for FREE up to three times per hour!
No Payment needed .. Take a lump sum payout or an annuity to guarantee income over your lifetime -- the choice is yours.
The dream is yours. Will you be our next winner?
It's going to be someone...why not you?
Why play with Lottofree?
- You can play for FREE up to three times per hour!
- The opportunity to win money and secure you life
-      We do not sell your personal information to anyone
-       All drawings are done on SmartPlay ( ball machines, And observed and certified by our team of independent auditors for reliability and fairness.
Real Players, Real Games, Real Odds
Just ask Fred S. from Toronto Canada. He's $50,000.00 USD richer!
iMustLotto respects your privacy and does not believe in unsolicited email.
If you have received this message in error or you do not wish to receive future message.
Replay this massage and you will be removed from this program
This is not Spam!
You are receiving this mailing because you subscribed and confirmed that you wanted it.  If you no longer want to receive,or you feel that this email has been sent to you by mistake, feel free to replay this email and put the word unsubscribe.
All requests to be taken off our mailing list are honored Immediately and AUTOMATICALLY upon receipt.
replay this to this email allfreewinning at yahoo.com
PLEASE know that efforts to disrupt, close or block this Link to our "Removal List" can ONLY result in difficulties and prevention of others who desire removal from our mailing list.
ARE YOU AWARE THAT... each year, over 400 million trees are cut down in order to provide the paper for the "postal" bulk mail industry in the United States? By using e-mail instead, we can significantly reduce this unessary consumption as well as decrease the billions of tons of resulting waste material that clogs our landfills.
 SAVE THE TREES, SAVE THE PLANET, USE E-MAIL INSTEAD!
