
@_date: 2003-04-30 15:49:38
@_author: Andy Lopata 
@_subject: Mike Hawash 
The actual charge against Hawash is _conspiracy_ to 1) levy war against the
U.S., 2) provide material support to designated terrorist organizations
(Al-Qaida), and 3) contribute services to Al-Qaida and the Taliban.
The "levy war" statute is titled "Seditious Conspiracy" (18 USCA ? 2384) and
states that:  "[i]f two or more persons in any State or Territory, or in any
place subject to the jurisdiction of the United States, conspire to
overthrow, put down, or to destroy by force the Government of the United
States, or to levy war against them, or to oppose by force the authority
thereof, or by force to prevent, hinder, or delay the execution of any law
of the United States, or by force to seize, take, or possess any property of
the United States contrary to the authority thereof, they shall each be
fined under this title or imprisoned not more than twenty years, or both."
There is a general conspiracy statute (18 USC 371), on which charges (2) and
(3) are based, which states that when "two or more persons conspire ... to
commit any offense against the United States, ... in any manner or for any
purpose, and one or more of such persons do any act to effect the object of
the conspiracy" those person are punishable under the statute.
Conspiracy is the closest thing we have to a thought-crime in the U.S. and
it is used quite a bit by the feds.  The only things that saves it from
being a pure thought crime is that a conspiracy must be an actual agreement
between two or more people to commit a crime (or fraud), and that an
affirmative action must be taken in furtherance of the crime (in some
drug-related offenses, this isn't even needed).
The "act" to effect the object of the conspiracy does _not_ itself have to
be illegal.  The gov't can argue that merely going to China (getting closer
to Afghanistan) or the alleged "weapons training," were acts in furtherance
of the conspiracy.
These charges are obviously B.S. From what I have read (including the
indictments against the Portland six) the main gov't "informant" was really
a provocator, and the evidence against all of them is pretty thin.  However,
I wouldn't be surprised if the gov't gets a conviction.  They might resort
to threatening the suspects with "enemy combatant" status to force a plea,
like they did to the suspects in Buffalo.  It will be interesting to see how
far the feds push the "enemy combatant" strategy to see if the courts can or
will do anything about it.  Since the courts have been handing out material
witness warrants left and right allowing for indefinite detention, things
look pretty bad.
The hype about a "terrorist cell" is ridiculous fodder for the media.
Assuming Hawash and the Portland Six were really doing what the feds allege,
they certainly aren't terrorists.  If they were they wouldn't have bothered
trying to get half way around the world to kill americans.
-Andy Lopata

@_date: 2003-05-03 21:00:08
@_author: Andy Lopata 
@_subject: Why are there so many statists and communists here on this  
Of course the Dixie Chicks controversy does not implicate Constitutional
freedom of speech.  The government is not restricting the DC's speech (i.e.
not throwing them in jail or censoring them).
However, the ever consolidating corporate media (in conjunction with the
powers that be in Washington) very effectively limits and contains the scope
of debate about national and international issues.  See Manufacturing
Consent (Chomsky/Herman)
  The DCs got in hot
water because they dared to step outside the narrow range of permissible
debate in the mainstream infotainment industry.  Sure there was plenty of
debate about the war, but the media treats different views in very different
ways.  The DCs are held out as opponents of the war to show who stupid
opposing the war was - they are just country singers - what the hell do they
know about global politics.  And the infotainment industry (news included)
ignores the multitude of articulate, intelligent speakers who could
forcefully explain the numerous reasons the war was immoral, unjust, and not
in the interest of the U.S.  The treatment is subtle, but very effective.
Why is this restriction on speech and debate any less insidious than statist
control?  Why is capitalist self-censorship better than state-controlled
explicit censorship?
I subscribe to this list for a number of reasons.  One of them is because of
the potential crypto has for destabilizing capitalist/monopolist and state
control over information and expression (e.g. Freenet).
-Andy Lopata
from the People's Republic of Eugene.

@_date: 2003-05-03 21:03:00
@_author: Andy Lopata 
@_subject: Capitalism and monopolism 
What about Intel and Microsoft?  When the few microchip companies make a
deal with the copyright content cartels (RIAA and MPAA) and the desktop
operating system monopoly (MS), then gov't action isn't needed to restrict
the way we use our computers - and the flow of information.
Simply put, markets lead to consolidation.  Consolidation leads to monopoly.
Monopoly leads to control from above, with no accountability.  Is this
better than gov't?  I certainly see the dangers of gov't: state terrorism,
state ineptitude, state racism and xenophobia, but I see market control as
at least as dangerous since corporations are not accountable to any sort of
democratic control - and I don't think the people with the most capital
necessarily make the best decisions.

@_date: 2003-05-04 20:40:48
@_author: Andy Lopata 
@_subject: Capitalism and monopolism 
Removing patents would undercut your argument for the market working well in
the processor markets.  Removing patent and copyright protection for
software would be great, but politically unrealistic (because of the power
of the copyright content cartels among Congress).  However if Freenet, or
some other technology, makes untraceable anonymous file-sharing effective
and wide-spread, it could mean the effective end of copyright for digital
materials.  On the other hand, if the anti-copy technology produced through
agreement between MS, the processor producers and the copyright cartel,
becomes a reality, it could severely hamper, marginalize, or effectively
destroy any type of anonymous file-sharing technology.  I think that IP in
general is a bad idea, especially when there are other methods of
compensating creator's for their works.  Those who argue that the market is
the best way to produce innovation and a better world rely on the false
gov't stamp of "property" on these non-rivalrous goods.
Maximization of profits does not create moral results.  It creates the
greatest short-term gain for the enterprise and low prices for the consumer
at the expense of any other considerations about how the enterprise's
operation affects other people or businesses or the environment.  Of course
when business interests butt up against each other, there is usually a
compromise.  But when poor people or the environment gets shit on, it's an
up-hill battle to force business to consider these effects as "costs" worth
punching in to there business model calculations.  Customers are happy with
low prices and good service, but who else suffers?
Monopoly control and collusion among huge corporations takes the danger a
step further since this results in artificial manipulation of  market forces
for further consolidation and control.  These conglomerates make decisions
for us.  If there is essentially no alternative and consumers have no choice
and no effect on markets.
Fortunately there is Linux as an alternative to MS and Apple, but if the
hardware has built-in copy controls, this may not be enough.
Any huge organization of people is bound to be corrupt and inept.  I am a
constant critic of the gov't, but think there is at least some chance of
democratic control or influence which is completely missing in the corporate
setting.  The capitalism oligarchy and our government have never been more
closely aligned.  Both represent dangers to the economy (of all people),
liberty and freedoms.
-Andy Lopata
"The greatest dangers to liberty lurk in insidious encroachment by men of
zeal well-meaning but without understanding."
- Supreme Court Justice Louis Brandeis

@_date: 2003-05-09 09:37:52
@_author: Andy Lopata 
@_subject: Collectivism in "community gardens" 
There are waiting lists to get a plot in the many community gardens here in
-----Original Message-----
Behalf Of Declan McCullagh
Sent: Thursday, May 08, 2003 8:55 PM
were light out) one of Adams Morgans' once-lauded "community gardens."
It might have been a big deal in the 1970s, but now it's just a rocky
slope with a few scraggly corn stalks growing on it. I've never seen a
gardener actually garden there in the seven years I've lived in the

@_date: 2003-05-09 09:37:54
@_author: Andy Lopata 
@_subject: Why are there so many statists and communists here on this  
If the corporations didn't have the government to do their dirty work for
them, they'd do it themselves - like the historical terrorizing and killing
of labor organizers.  But I guess commies deserve it?
If you don't mind losing your job:
No, it doesn't really help put things in perspective.  In a time where it
has never been more apparent that the interests of the capitalist powers and
the government are very much the same - e.g. the oil
industry-controlled/owned gov't invades a sovereign nation for control of
more oil, and further consolidation and control of global resources - I do
*not* understand the argument that the government is bad, but the forces
behind that gov't action, and profits made from that gov't action, are good.
My point is only that control of information helps control outcomes that
effect everyone.  Entrenched corporate powers have a vested interest in
controlling information (as do the politicians they own in D.C.) so that
decisions regarding technology, etc. benefit them.  Crypto and other
technologies accessible to all threatens this control - both corporate and
I just don't get the market-will-fix-everything argument.  Much of the
Internet is based on public resources and many of which (e.g. open
protocols) are valuable because they are *not* commodified.
Newbie flame-baiter, Andy Lopata
