
@_date: 1992-11-23 02:02:28
@_author: andrew m. boardman 
@_subject: The legality of PGP 
>I wonder--I have RSA Mailsafe.  Do you think that would give me a license
   >to use RSA if I loaded up PGP?  Keith
   Doubtful -- RSA tends to be licensed on a per application per copy
   basis, not on a per human basis. If it was licensed on a per-human
   basis, I would have bought a personal "unlimited use" license long ago.
Well, they sell licenses for RC2 and RC4 for $100 per, which are on a
per-person basis.  And something said to me at Weenix Expo by an RSA
salesdroid implied that $100 could get one a generic kind of RSA license.
I didn't press the point, and I don't have anything in writing, but
they're happy to talk at 415.595.8782 if you want better than
unsubstantiated hearsay...
I'd call myself if I was ever awake during PST business hours...

@_date: 1993-08-12 20:38:17
@_author: andrew m. boardman 
@_subject: Spooking of neural nets and image recognition... 
A much more serious situation will arise when convenience stores, gas
   stations, and the like adopt the same camera systems--maybe they already
   are--and begin to compile customer dossiers, purchasing preferences, etc.
Insofar as monitoring passage of people, I noted a few hours ago a new
installation of cameras at the tollbooths on the George Washington
Bridge, positioned to be under a meter from people's faces when they stop
to fork over their $4.00.  The police density at this toll plaza makes
additional surveillance of would-be toll booth robbers unnecessary; while
traffic analysis on the matching of facial patterns is probably out of
their scope right now, it *is* a precedent, and food for thought...
(Cameras in concenience stores, BTW, are entirely normal around here.
FYI, the George Washington Bridge carries much, probably most, of the
traffic into Manhattan and New York City...)
andrew m. boardman
amb at cs.columbia.edu

@_date: 1993-08-13 10:12:57
@_author: andrew m. boardman 
@_subject: Spooking of neural nets and image recognition... 
With regard to the scope of surveillance cameras, the elevators in the GM
building have cameras pointed down at an off angle; I thought they would
be mostly useless until I was shown the (probably computer-modeled)
contoured shell over the lens; on the far and, it produces a suprisingly
broad and non-"fisheyed" view of anyone facing the front of the car.
Image recognition is currently limited to a book of photos of people they
(security) don't want in the building, though...  When the real cost of
such recognition systems is low enough that such run-of-the-mill
rent-a-cops are looking to buy them, we've really got something to worry
about.  (How nice that Citibank credit card holders are all getting their
faces digitized, for their security of course.)
[cypherpunks content ends about here...]
   Most?  Hardly.  Don't forget the bridges and tunnels from Brooklyn and
   Queens, and the two tunnels from New Jersey, and...
Someone I knew in grad school (they, not I) was doing surveys of
Manhattan-NJ traffic, and measured some amazing throughput on the GWB,
compared with the tunnels.  I *was* being incredibly NJ-centric, though...

@_date: 1993-08-13 12:02:57
@_author: andrew m. boardman 
@_subject: one person's speculation is another's insurance hike 
Distance travelled: 14.31 miles.    Time elapsed: 13.86 minutes.    Average speed: 61.95 MPH
   Speed Limit: 55 MPH
   Excess Speed: 6.95 MPH
   Penalty: 6.95 x $50 = $347.50
Hmm, driving the KS turnpike again?  (Its fines are a bit cheaper, though.)

@_date: 1993-08-17 01:00:25
@_author: andrew m. boardman 
@_subject: [brown@psi.com: PSI, MORNING STAR TEAM UP TO PROVIDE SECURE INTERNET CONNECTIONS] 
Haven't seen news of this here.  Apologies if my mail is lagged.  FYI.
Return-Path:      PSI, MORNING STAR TEAM UP TO PROVIDE SECURE INTERNET CONNECTIONS
HERNDON, VA., August 16, 1993 -- Performance Systems International, Inc.
(PSI), the largest provider of corporate Internet access, today announced
a service using an encryption technique that promises unparalleled
security for data transmissions at an affordable cost.
Combining forces with Morning Star Technologies of Columbus, Ohio,
and its brand new Morning Star Express Router which includes MST's unique
DES encryption facility, PSI has developed a service called SecureStream. Utilizing an Express Router at both ends of a data link, the service will
encrypt data from transmission to receipt.  It can be de-encrypted only
by a special key possessed by the SecureStream user.
PSI will offer SecureStream as an option to users of its InterFrame
Standard internetwork service, the company's premier product for Frame
Relay access to the Internet.  The cost will be $400 per month, according
to Martin Schoffstall, PSI's vice president and chief technical officer.
"This price is a fraction of the cost of competing Internet service
providers," said Kimberly Brown, manager of marketing communications for PSI.
"By offering high-level encryption at reasonable cost, we feel SecureStream
will provide medium-sized companies security in their Internet transmissions
that was previously beyond their reach," Schoffstall said.  He added that
the product will be demonstrated at next week's INTEROP West in San Francisco.
"We are pleased to offer our Express Router in conjunction with PSI's
SecureStream service," said K. James Laskey, Morning Star's director of sales.
"The Express Router is a high-performance, cost-effective solution for the
most demanding TCP/IP networking applications.  Providing encryption in the
router meets the need of many Internet users to protect sensitive
transmissions from interception."
As a reseller, PSI offers the Express Router for $1,995, the company said.
Laskey and Schoffstall noted that the Express Router is based on
Morning Star's PPP (Point-to-Point Protocol) software, designed as a
replacement for the Serial Line IP (SLIP) protocol.  It has been adopted
as an Internet standard, correcting many of the deficiencies in SLIP,
including address negotiation, link level error correction and synchronous
support for high speed communications. In addition, it supports Frame Relay
and the Internet standard RFC-1294.
PSI offers a variety of services and products to provide corporate
and individual computer users with access to the Internet.  In addition to
leased-line services, it offers a number of dial-up services and a wireless
e-mail service over the RAM Mobile Data network.
                                     # # # #
All brands, products and service names mentioned are trademarks or
registered service marks of their respective owners.
For further information, contact Kimberly Brown at PSI at 703.904.7187  (phone), 703.904.7195 (fax) or info at psi.com (e-mail); K. James Laskey
at Morning Star Technologies at 614.451.1883 (phone), 614.459.5054 (fax) or
sales at morningstar.com (e-mail); or Michael Vernetti at Kaufman Public
Relations at 202.333.0700 (phone), 202.337.0449 (fax) or vernetti at psilink.com

@_date: 1993-05-25 11:56:53
@_author: andrew m. boardman 
@_subject: Steganography and Steganalysis 
Someone is probably doing steganography in netnews and/or mailing
   lists right now!  (Besides cypherpunks, I mean.)  How would we find them?
Food for thought: that, at least as of recently, the NSA bought weekly
dumps of all usenet articles on tape.  I highly doubt they were for
their reading pleasure...

@_date: 1993-05-25 14:27:18
@_author: andrew m. boardman 
@_subject: Say again? 
Is this hearsay, innuendo or fact? If fact, what can you site as
    reference to support your statement? If you know this to be fact,
    please cite your references and provide as much detail as possible.
This was based on a verbal conversation at Interop with someone from
uunet, from whom the tapes are purchased.  I or they could be
mis[led|informed|remembering], but if you really care, ask uunet.

@_date: 1993-05-25 16:14:07
@_author: andrew m. boardman 
@_subject: Say again? 
>This was based on a verbal conversation at Interop with someone from
   >uunet, from whom the tapes are purchased.  I or they could be
   >mis[led|informed|remembering], but if you really care, ask uunet.
Having just spoken to someone who contracts at the NSA (and no, this name
I will not post), he does not believe they get such a beast, although, as
many people have pointed out, the FBI did.  That, then, would be the
origin of that, along with some TLA confusion.
   Actually, the most alarming revelation here could be that someone at uunet
   is going around casually disclosing information about their customers.
A lot of people perceive the government as having neither a right nor a
need to privacy.  Certainly there are also quite a few who label
themselves "privacy advocates" whose standards do a 180 when the privacy
involved is that of the likes of Mykotronx...

@_date: 1994-01-14 02:37:47
@_author: andrew m. boardman 
@_subject: Welcome to IIA (fwd) 
I'm rather behind in my mail, but I see the IIA flamage in subject lines all
the way up to the present, so here are a few random facts and observations...
As far as the organization goes, their "research facility" is a
residential (no reason not to be) location in NJ (I can see it from the
window) which did indeed purchase and have installed an Alternet T1 a few
weeks ago.  Said company that "processed 15000 requests in the last
several weeks" has four users online, one running X on the console.
If, however, we really have gotten to the point where private
organisations will fund free Internet access for the masses, the fun is
only beginning...
