
@_date: 1993-05-08 08:35:48
@_author: Arthur R. McGee 
@_subject: An end to the PGP quarrel? (fwd) 
The creator of PGP has proposed to Jim Bidzos of RSA that RSA approve
a new, already-written version of PGP which uses "RSAREF," an unprotected
version of the PGP algorithm. I propose that EFF-Austin write to Bidzos
endorsing the suggestion.
Hmm. Perhaps other groups might feel the same way, so this will be
copied appropriately.

@_date: 1993-05-08 08:57:35
@_author: Arthur R. McGee 
@_subject: An end to the PGP quarrel? (fwd) 
eff-austin-directors at tic.com
While I don't necessarily want to us to stampede at ol' Jim I wrote him the
following yesterday:
John Gilmore passed on to me Phil Zimmerman's recent peace overture to you.
I expect I am joined by nearly everyone who cares about the issue of
cryptography in the hope that you will bury an understandable sense of
rancor and accept his offer. Further, if there is anything which the Electronic Frontier Foundation can
do to introduce light and good will into the area between you and Phil, be
assured we are ready and willing. While I realize that PGP has been a burr under your saddle for the last two
years...growing steadily more irritating as it proliferated like a virus
around the planet...one could argue that it has actually done PK Partners
more good that harm. By introducing thousands to both public key cryptography and the RSA
approach to it, it has gone a long way toward establishing RSA as the de
facto international standard for personal encryption. This can only work to
your long term benefit.
On the other hand, if the current course of things remains fixed and no
resolution is made between PK Partners and Phil, then PGP will continue to
be modified and improved by many international volunteers and will
eventually become seriously competitive to your own products. To me, it appears you have a choice between a position where everybody
loses and one where everybody wins. Perhaps I'm wrong, but the only factor
which supports the former course is an emotional sense of violated
principle. As I say, I could hardly fault you for feeling bitter after all
that's happened, but I sincerely hope you'll be able to rise above it.
And please let me know if we can help in any way.
John Perry Barlow

@_date: 1993-05-14 17:34:40
@_author: Arthur R. McGee 
@_subject: CALLER ID? 
Of course! How else would the phone company be able to bill for those
calls if they couldn't put the number of the person calling on the
customer's phone bill?! Damn! I thought we were safe here in CA. :-(

@_date: 1993-05-14 17:45:42
@_author: Arthur R. McGee 
@_subject: Anonymous Email From Finland (fwd) 
Peter Graham recently posted a comment about a Finnish service allowing
for the anonymous sending of email.
Can someone provide any details?
Michael S. Hart, Professor of Electronic Text
Executive Director of Project Gutenberg Etext
Illinois Benedictine College, Lisle, IL 60532
No official connection to U of Illinois--UIUC
hart at uiucvmd.bitnet and hart at vmd.cso.uiuc.edu

@_date: 1993-05-19 09:03:42
@_author: Arthur R. McGee 
@_subject: BBSs under fire! (or on fire, if BATF gets into the act!) 
It's VERY simple Stanton. Look at the difference. BBSs are still
relatively small standalone "islands", even when they are hooked up to
Fido, RIME, etc. networks. They are a LOT easier to pick on.
The "net" however is essentially many seperate systems and one HUGE system
all at the same time. They realize that to tackle one particular site or
even many sites, really doesn't do anything. The net is like a funhouse
with too many "mirrors." The only way to have any effect would be to
change the rules of the net itself, saying that, for example,
"pornography" is not allowed. This, as we all know, along with all the
other rules they would likely impose, would kill the net DEAD("yeah", I
know, poor english, but you get my point). Also, the size of the net and
the somewhat seemless connection between the numerous networks, would STILL
allow people to pass the information around without law enforcement having
a clue.
In addition, the fact that so much of the net is in some way either owned by,
sanctioned by, or located on government or university property(as you
mentioned), pretty much precludes law enforcement from doing anything. They
can't cut off their own arm. It would be the gov't vs. the gov't. Like a
dog chasing it's own tail trying to bite it. Like Internal Affairs. Like
"Independant" Internal Investigation. Right! They don't mean a d**n thing.

@_date: 1993-10-13 13:27:15
@_author: Arthur R. McGee 
@_subject: bad news from Georgia (the Republic of) 
Ulitsa Yaroslovaskaya 8, Korpus 3, Komnata 111,
129164 Moscow, Russia
Phone: +7 (095) 217-6182
Email: support at glas.apc.org

@_date: 1994-04-20 22:00:38
@_author: Arthur R. McGee 
@_subject: Information_surety (fwd) 
Now that the cold war is over, everyone seems to be branching out:
SAND No:  93-2873
Category:  Communications, Computers,  Information Theory
Subcategory:  Computer Security, Cryptography, Information  security, Computer Reliability Title: Information surety
Summary:  Sandia National Laboratories has developed  considerable expertise in all aspects of information  surety, including the design and analysis of cryptographic  systems, cryptographic key management  implementations of  cryptographic algorithms and protocols, system   reliability, system availability, authentication systems,  biometric  identification devices, tamper resistant  technologies, and computer  and network security.  Our  unique strengths include our expertise in  providing high  security and reliability for a complete system and in our  highly experienced adversarial analysis team. We have now   begun to apply these capabilities in information surety to  new  problems of national importance.  Potential Applications:
        - Private and secure computerized patient records
        - Secure home banking
        - Secure remote access
        - Private and secure electronic cash
        - Secure bank cards
        - Efficient Implementations of Cryptographic algorithms
        - Digital Signatures
        - Private communications
        - Cryptographic key management
        - Reliability and availability analysis of computing and           information systems Status:  Joint research projects are encouraged.  License  available for efficient exponentiation and for probable  secure digital signatures.
FOR MORE INFORMATION  Location:  Sandia National Laboratories, Albuquerque, NM.
Expanded Description:
For the past 20 years, Sandia National Laboratories has had  responsibility for information surety systems used in  command and control of weapon systems and in the  communications of weapon release messages.  To meet these  responsibilities, we have developed considerable expertise  in all aspects of information surety, including the design  and analysis of cryptographic systems, cryptographic key  management, implementations of cryptographic algorithms and  protocols, system reliability, system availability,  authentication systems, biometric identification devices,  tamper resistant technologies, and computer and network  security.  One of our unique strengths is our highly  experienced adversarial analysis team.  Before a system is  recommended for deployment, it has been thoroughly tested  by this team, whose sole goal is to defeat the security  features of the system.  Sandia has developed rigorous  system design methodologies to meet high reliability and  availability requirements.  Sandia scientists have won  awards for their work on cryptoanalysis and  resynchronization of encrypted channels. We have now begun  to apply these capabilities in information surety to new  problems of national importance.  IEEE article
AT&T Technical Journal article
fast exponentiation article
biometric identification article
Other Information Resources:  None
Related Categories and Subcategories:  Biometric  identification, system reliability and availability
Key Words:
Cryptography, coding theory, error correcting codes,  privacy, digital signatures, encryption, key management,  nonrepudiation, biometrics, reliability, availability

@_date: 1994-04-22 15:07:44
@_author: Arthur R. McGee 
@_subject: Lord Have Mercy On Us All :-( 
If this doesn't scare you, nothing will. :-(
---------- Forwarded message ----------
                          THE WHITE HOUSE
                   Office of the Vice President
   ____________________________________________________________
   For Immediate Release			April 20, 1994
    GORE JOINS BENTSEN, RENO IN CRIME TECHNOLOGY DEMONSTRATION
         Vice President Announces Inter-Agency Agreements
        WASHINGTON -- To illustrate how the use of technology    can help fight rising crime, Vice President Al Gore today    (4/20) joined Administration officials in a demonstration of    wireless and dual-use technologies that can be used for law    enforcement purposes.  He also announced two inter-agency    agreements that will increase cooperation between the    Departments of Justice, Treasury, and Defense in using    technology to help combat crime.
   	"The technologies demonstrated today provide powerful    new weapons in the war against crime," the Vice President    said.  "Technological advances make it possible to fight    crime safer and smarter than ever before.  They increase    safety, enhance productivity for our law enforcement    officials, and save taxpayer dollars."
   	The Vice President joined Treasury Secretary Lloyd    Bensten, Attorney General Janet Reno, Deputy Secretary of    Defense John Deutch, and Office of National Drug Control    Policy Director Lee Brown in the demonstration, which    included a wide variety of technologies that will help fight    crime or support law enforcement.
   	In addition, the Vice President announced two inter-
   agency Memorandums of Understandings.  The first MOU,    between the Departments of Justice and Treasury, establishes    an agreement to develop a wireless telecommunications    network for use by federal, state, and local law enforcement    officials.  This agreement implements one of the    recommendations of Vice President Gore's National    Performance Review to make the federal government work    better and cost less.  The second MOU, between the    Departments of Defense and Justice, is a five-year agreement    to jointly develop and share technologies that are necessary    for both law enforcement and military operations other than    war.    	Secretary Bentsen said, "We want to invest in crime-
   fighting technology, we want to do it so local and state    police benefit, and we want to do it so costs don't go    through the roof.  That's why I'm so eager to sign up    Treasury in a partnership with Justice to develop cost-
   effective and efficient technology."
   	"New technologies increase the effectiveness of law    enforcement, offer police officers greater options for    apprehension, and improve the safety of the public," said    Attorney General Reno.  "Today's agreements will unite the    efforts of the Justice Department with those of Defense and    Treasury to help make these technologies available to our    nation's law enforcement community."
   	Deputy Secretary Deutch said, "Today's Memorandum of    Understanding formalizes our ongoing relationship with the    Department of Justice.  It comes at a time when budgets are    decreasing and yet we need different capabilities and    equipment to accomplish our peacekeeping and humanitarian    missions.  We are finding that these requirements are    similar in many cases to the needs of law enforcement    agencies, and we look forward to cooperating in this area."
   	The demonstrations included an automated booking system    to electronically record fingerprints and mug shots, laser-
   assisted computer imaging equipment for examining    ballistics, and a portable/hand-held/single-step device to    retrieve more readable fingerprints at crime scenes.  They    also viewed technology that provides police cars with    mainframe database information such as criminal records and    traffic violations, and allows them to file reports from    their cars.  Several non-lethal weapons for use in pursuit    of a suspect or while a suspect is in custody also were    displayed.

@_date: 1994-03-18 13:22:04
@_author: Arthur R. McGee 
@_subject: CLIPPER COMPROMIZED? 
Check the latest issue of RISKS Digest. This was mentioned by a couple of people, and I believe that they did say it was in Network World.
