
@_date: 1993-11-06 14:02:47
@_author: wonderer 
@_subject: some newbie DC-net questions 
Thank you Jim. I have been wondering about these questions
myself. Especially  Anybody?

@_date: 1993-11-06 15:42:47
@_author: wonderer 
@_subject: some newbie DC-net questions 
How do you implement people seeing their neighbors
coin, but nobody else seeing it? Does it require
a secure channel between every adjacent person?

@_date: 1993-11-08 13:43:04
@_author: wonderer 
@_subject: Private and Public 
In response to Eric Hughs:
I disagree that income tax is a bad thing. What other way
does the government have of maintaining fairness across
income tax levels. Someone who only makes 15k a year should
not be expected to pay as much as someone who makes 200k.
Income tax generates too much revenue to be that easily
dispensed with. Given the financial trouble our country
is already in, I hate to think of the consequences to
the budget if income tax disappeared. Note: I do not enjoy paying this tax, but I'm glad to know
that the people making a lot more than I am are contributing

@_date: 1993-11-10 10:53:21
@_author: wonderer 
@_subject: Applications of cryptography 
My apologies for getting caught up in the political
momentum of the Private vs. Public debate on income
tax. It was too tempting...
Anyway, back to wondering.
I am trying to compile information about the different
applications of cryptography. I would like to create
something like the handbook of cryptography. Some
examples that come to mind are: digital cash, DC nets,
coin flipping, mental poker, digital signatures,
secure communication, encrypted file systems, etc.
Any help will be appreciated. If people respond to me directly, I will post a summary
to the list, and maybe distribute the handbook if it is
a successful project in a few months.

@_date: 1993-11-11 19:23:35
@_author: wonderer 
@_subject: Fractal cryptography? 
I would be interested in more information on this!

@_date: 1993-11-15 06:50:31
@_author: wonderer 
@_subject: Key Servers 
I don't see what you mean by key servers for only true names.
How do you know that a true name isn't just a false identity
created with a real account on some system? How do you differentiate
a true name from a unix account?

@_date: 1993-11-16 16:30:57
@_author: wonderer 
@_subject: All our eggs in one basket? 
As cryptography and cryptographic techniques are developed,
we tend to put more and more trust in them. It is probably
not a bad idea to step back from time to time and ask
ourselves if the risks are still reasonable.
There is no better example of this than digital cash.
Many techniques have been proposed for this as for
other applications. It is usually not long before someone
finds a critical flaw in the various implementations
under consideration. The consequences are usually a loss
of confidentiality or embarassments. For example, in the
early days of Julf's remailer people came up with surprizing
new ways to defeat it, and the consequences were that some
identities were revealed and we all marvelled at how this
hole had escaped us until that point.
Digital cash is another ball game. Before any scheme is
adopted we need total confidence in the security of the
cryptographic algorithms, protocols, and implementation
details. We need a risk analysis to tell us exactly what
will happen if two principals collaborate or the bank
cheats etc... Schemes such as Chaum's are provocative,
but what if 2 years after a digital cash scheme is
implemented, someone publishes an easy way to defeat
it or cheat? The consequenes could be total chaos.
Think of the mental poker problem. A solution was
given that seems reasonable. However, someone showed
that by taking certain properties of the encryption
technique, a bit of information could be learned that
would compromise the integrity of the system. In mental
poker, no big deal, we stop playing poker. What would happen
if your bank suddenly told you that it had no proof that
you really had an account there?

@_date: 1993-11-17 16:31:17
@_author: wonderer 
@_subject: Key Servers 
I have been proud to be able to keep out of the fight with
L.D., but this is a personal accusation. I'll just deny that
I am a Dorothy Denning admirer and leave it at that. I also
never wondered, on the list, if someone found a way to thwart
PGP and read everyone's mail on the sly, but what of it,
that is something to consider if we want to rely on it for

@_date: 1993-11-18 12:01:36
@_author: wonderer 
@_subject: Signal to noise/real issues 
I am a bit concerned about the cypherpunks list. I posted something
to the list with the subject "All our eggs in one basket," that I
believe is a real concern for cypherpunks. The posting has prompted
a lot of personal correspondence, and maybe even a co-authorship on
a paper if we can find a place willing to include a nym as an
author. A few of you wrote me back messages complimenting my post.
What worries me is that nobody has continued the discussion on the
list, whereas the posts by L.D. and S. Boxxx seem to generate a lot
of heated discussion. If my post was really not as important as
those, then maybe I'm in the wrong mailing list. I think I'll post
a copy of that message to sci.crypt where people are interested in
real crypto issues.

@_date: 1993-10-11 09:56:17
@_author: wonderer 
@_subject: Breaking DES 
My understanding of how an exhaustive search on the key space
can be used to break DES is that for every key, K, D(K,Cipher)
is applied until the output matches something legible.
Say that some random string, to be thrown out, is added
to the beginning of the plain text, and that DES is applied
in cbc mode, then how could such an attack work? My point, I don't see how DES can be broken if the initial
block is a grabage block, and cipher block chaining is used.
Please enlighten me (gently).
One other point... is the decision to encrypt - decrypt -encrypt
when applying triple des arbitrary? Why not just encrypt
with k1 and then encrypt with k2. Isn't the effect the same?
Thanks a lot,

@_date: 1993-10-11 12:51:10
@_author: wonderer 
@_subject: Security through obscurity 
I know that it is pretty much accepted by the security
community that security through obscurity is useless. There
are countless references to this, and it is a strong
argument in favor of publishing algorithms. such as these and ask ourselves whether or not this is a good
idea. It seems that Denning has changed her mind on this by
advocating the secrecy of the skipjack algorithm. All of the known plaintext attacks on algorithms such as
DES, that involve exhaustive key search are based on knowledge
of the algorithm. Wouldn't keeping the algorithm a secret
render such chips, as the one presented in Eurocrypt '93
I agree that analysis is more difficult when you don't know
if an intruder has compromised your algorithm, but if it were
my data that I wanted kept secret I wouldn't give the
cracker a head start by publishing my algorithm. Clipper has
proven how difficult it is to reverse engineer an algorithm.
Let me just say that I know I have violated an accepted
doctrine of computer security, but I think it's okay to
question even the most accepted ideas every once in a while.
I thought this would be a bit provocative.

@_date: 1993-10-11 16:16:23
@_author: wonderer 
@_subject: Breaking DES 
I am sorry to have asked two questions in my original
post. A few people have made me aware of the reason
for encrypting EDE in triple DES for backward compatability
and the issue of whether or not DES is a group.
So, I'd like to redirect this thread to my other
         My understanding of how an exhaustive search on the key space
         can be used to break DES is that for every key, K, D(K,Cipher)
         is applied until the output matches something legible.
         Say that some random string, to be thrown out, is added
         to the beginning of the plain text, and that DES is applied
         in cbc mode, then how could such an attack work?
         My point, I don't see how DES can be broken if the initial
         block is a grabage block, and cipher block chaining is used.
         Please enlighten me (gently).

@_date: 1993-10-12 13:06:29
@_author: wonderer 
@_subject: Breaking DES 
Since I started this thread, and because I have always
had a problem with the rude way many people discuss things
in this group, I was wondering, Perry Metzger, what
contribution your sarcastic tone and occasional insults
make to your argument.
I believe it is possible to continue this debate and
stick to the technical issues without getting personal
or being rude. I wish more people would realize this.
Wonderer (peacemaker?)

@_date: 1993-10-13 08:39:59
@_author: wonderer 
@_subject: Native American Encryption?! 
If nothing else, adding encryption on top of the Navajo
language makes known-plaintext much more difficult.

@_date: 1993-10-14 10:51:59
@_author: wonderer 
@_subject: DES 
I don't think it takes the cube of it. There are 56 bits in
one key, and 112 bits in two keys, so there could not be
an entropy of more than 112 bits to triple DES. It is no
more cryptographically secure than double DES because it
uses 2 keys.

@_date: 1993-10-14 13:40:00
@_author: wonderer 
@_subject: Digital cash 
Can someone explain to me how the system where
double spending can reveal the identity of a user,
but without double spending it is never discovered?
I read the paper over and over, but I think a clearer
explination would help. Thanks.

@_date: 1993-10-15 10:17:09
@_author: wonderer 
@_subject: Detecting double-spending (long) 
Very good summary!! It's much clearer now!
So, can I take it that if Alice or anyone else can
figure out how the bank randomly picks half of the
k values sent in, that Alice or anyone else can now
get free money by using bozo instead of her real
identity in the right k/2 messages?
Also, how does the bank calculate cube roots?

@_date: 1993-10-15 15:17:10
@_author: wonderer 
@_subject: Detecting double-spending (long) 
So, this method relies on trusting the bank? After all,
Alice must include her identity in the messages, so that
double spending can be detected later. When the bank verifies that it says 'Alice' and not 'Bozo', then it
could keep track of her coins.
Is this true? Is there a way of ever having an ananymous
cash system where the bank does not have to be trusted
at all? What I mean is, where the bank could not possible
know the identities of its customers under any circumstances
where no violation takes place?

@_date: 1993-10-18 10:57:16
@_author: wonderer 
@_subject: on anonymity, identity, reputation, and spoofing 
I believe it is very valuable to have an anonymous
identity that nobody can associate with your
actual one. Besides asking embarsassing newbie questions (which I will
become more and more famous for), I am learning a lot about
what it means to build up an anonymous reputation. I have
posted to a few other newsgroups as well, and I am having
dialogues with people through e-mail. I feel as though I
have a real identity.
My actual identity also has reasons for not wanting to
appear on this mailing list. I wonder if I am catching some strain of multiple
personality disorder...

@_date: 1993-10-19 00:57:29
@_author: wonderer 
@_subject: Other forms of strong cryptography 
Why is it that the idea of taking a difficult problem, such
as a knapsack problem, and using it to encode ciphers,
was abandoned? Too many trapdoors? These NP-complete
type problems seem ideal since they can be verified
in polynomial time, but are practically impossible to
solve for any significant input. Verification of a solution
could be decryption, where the solution is the key,
and the problem could be used to encode the text somehow.
I understand that Shamir broke the knapsack problem. So,
is that enough reason to completely abandon this approach?
Nobody seems to talk about it anymore.
(My apologies to those who prefer to use this list to
 play games with pseudonyms and discuss their paranoid
 ideas. I prefer to use cypherpunks to learn about
 cryptography and its interesting applications)

@_date: 1993-10-21 02:22:41
@_author: wonderer 
@_subject: double encryption keys 
I would suggest that you use two different hash functions
on the pass phrase, and take however many bits you need
of what's left over.

@_date: 1993-10-21 02:27:55
@_author: wonderer 
@_subject: double encryption keys 
Oops, please excuse that post, it went to the wrong
mailing list.

@_date: 1993-10-21 19:02:53
@_author: wonderer 
@_subject: Sharing a secret 
I posed a newbie question a while ago that resulted
in a great summary of how detecting double spending in
Chaum's paper works. Not only do I understand it now, but
I'vee seen that explanation distributed on other mailing
lists at my institution by others who read cypherpunks.
Here's another question that most of you know the answer
to, but the rest of us would greatly benefit from a simple,
detailed expanation. In fact, if we get some more great
summaries that are simplified the way the digital cash
solution was simplified, we could produce an excellent
FAQ. I am keeping these with plans to make such a document
available (though a FAQ is probably not the form it will I know that there is a way to have a key, K, divided into
n parts such that any i of them are needed to recunstruct
K. The property holds that no i-1 parts are sufficient,
and ANY i parts will do. How does this work exactly? Is
it really the case that no i-1 parts give information?
Is there a way to cheat? A good explanation would be great.
BTW, many of you are exposing your anonymous ID's to me
when you reply to my posts. If you are concerned with keeping your anonymous identity, you have to be careful.
One more thing - I posted something yesterday that took
about 12 hours from the time I posted it to Finland until
it appeared on Cypherpunks. I think this is because Julf's
remailer is a bit overloaded. Due to this, my post
(about burning instead of shredding) arrived after 3
other people had posted the same idea. Please pardon
such posts. The delay would make it appear that one
is not following the list, but I can think of no way
around it.

@_date: 1993-10-22 13:32:57
@_author: wonderer 
@_subject: Warning about exposing anon id 
I am a strong believer in the importance of being
able to have an anonymous identity with a reputation.
As such, let me post a warning about the most common
way people are revealing their identities to me.
If you see a post to cypherpunks from an anonymous
user of the Finish remailer. That is, an
and you reply to cypherpunks and to that person, then
the article that appears on cypherpunks will have your
real name and e-mail address, but the message received by
the original poster will be from your anonymous id.
It's easy to put the two together and establish a list
of who is who. Personally, I am ignoring it when this happens,
but if I wanted to, I could have a list of about 15 of
you by now.
It's important to understand how an anonymous service
works if you want to rely on it. Also realize, that even
if you don't think you are using the service, it is
allocating an id for you when you reply to an anonymous
poster. You will receive a message about this auomatically
from the remailer.

@_date: 1993-10-22 13:42:58
@_author: wonderer 
@_subject: Subliminal Channels 
Is there any published work on hiding subliminal messages
in pictures? It seems like that would be really easy.
The warden, so to speak, sees an innocent illustration
of a house and a garden, but the prisoners hide information
in the arrangement of the bricks and the flowers. In
video images, wouldn't it be very difficult to detect
that there was some encrypted data in the image? This
would be good for deniability.
Big brother comes and tells you that you are not allowed
to encrypt anything, and you say that you used a random
number generator for this new form of art that appears
to be total oblivion, but really represents a new way of
looking at the meaning of life. Meanwhile, your pal on
the other hand runs it through a processor and decrypts
the message.

@_date: 1993-10-24 12:03:10
@_author: wonderer 
@_subject: pseudospoofing survey 
I don't know the value of such a survey. I am not inclined
to answer these questions to someone who I don't really know
over a communication system that is inherently untrustworthy.
I agree that this information would be valuable could it be
collected, but I figure since I don't feel like revealing
this information, especially not under my true identity, then
others, (who may even be malicious at times) will be less
likely to.
What is your intention in posting such questions? Do you
really expect to learn anything from the responses?

@_date: 1993-10-24 13:43:14
@_author: wonderer 
@_subject: ADMIN: proposed new policy on the mailing list 
I don't think restricting participation to signed messages
is a good idea until we have some way of verifying a signature automatically before allowing it to be posted.
Here's one: How do you verify a signature for an anonymous,
first time poster?
I am not opposed to the concept, just I don't think there's
a practical way of doing it. How about this: Require cypherpunks users to register a key
and an identity, real or pseudonymous. Then, they can
sign with the corresponding private key and nobody else
can. The software then filters out bad posts.
How do we prevent people from registering a key in
someone else's name??? It's beyond me.

@_date: 1993-10-26 10:40:42
@_author: wonderer 
@_subject: No subject 
I'll be there, but I probably won't identify myself without
my mask.

@_date: 1993-10-27 10:27:55
@_author: wonderer 
@_subject: My key 
As Hal Finney suggests, a pseudonym is a key. Others have
also inquired about my key, so I made one. However,
posting it to the group makes no sense because if this
message were a forgery, then someone could pose as
me. Strange, the idea of someone posing as someone
else's pseudonym.
Anyway, send me e-mail if you want my public key, and I'll
send it to you. P.S. Silly pgp question: When I type pgp -sa file -u wonderer
I produce an entire pgp message. How do I make a shorter
signature that is a hash of my message?

@_date: 1993-10-28 09:48:07
@_author: wonderer 
@_subject: My Key 
I agree with most of what you say. However, my point was,
that say someone wants to become Wonderer (I mean, it's
great being me, who wouldn't want to?), they could forge
a message as coming from me and include a public key. From
them on, they would be wonderer, and it would be more
believable than if I sent the messages myself. They could
prove they were me better than I could.
My point was that if someone sent me private mail, and I
responded with my public key, that would be much less
likely to be a forgery.
However, I will concede. Here's my public key, and after
this one, I'll sign my messages. If anyone wants confirmation
of my public key, or wants to sign it for me let me know.
However, since there is no certificate, I probably wouldn't
sign your key under the same circumstances, so it's up to
The problem I have with public key cryptography is that
it is easy for an imposter to publish a public key and  get people to believe that it is valid.
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.3
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----

@_date: 1993-10-28 10:13:07
@_author: wonderer 
@_subject: Chaos - A noun we can live with 
I too agree with this statement up to a point. I don't
believe there should be any control by the list management.
However, I see no problem with the democratic process
of participants on the mailing list saying whatever they
can to quiet those who are disrupting the intelligent
discussions that are taking place with useless banter
and silly flames. Personally, I always found flaming
to be an unproductive way of expressing one's self.
Constructive criticism is always better in my view.
p.s. something's wrong with my pgp, I'll start signing
soon. Sorry.

@_date: 1993-10-28 10:32:42
@_author: wonderer 
@_subject: Signing our keys 
Well, it is true that you have built up a reputation
on the list. I am trying to do the same. Quite an
interesting experience. It seems to me that we have an interesting dilemma
here. If we are willing to sign a key based on an
entity that we KNOW does not really exist, then what
does a signature mean? You have been an active and
productive participant on cypherpunks for quite some
time now, so if that's what I'm saying by signing
your key, then I would be willing to. Off line methods
wouldn't work in this case because we aren't real.
Something strange is going on in the word when nym's
are signing each other's keys...
I am going to register my public key as you suggested.
If you send me a signed copy, I will add it to my
keyring. Please send me your public key, and I will
sign it for you. The world is becoming a more interesting place.
p.s. I believe something may be wrong with my pgp
here at my oranization. I type:
pgp -sat file -u wonderer +cleartext=on
as someone on the list suggested, and this does not
work. What command do you use to sign your messages?
I will include a detached signature of this message

@_date: 1993-10-28 10:48:07
@_author: wonderer 
@_subject: Words, words, words 
Tyrone Slothrop (RocketMan), you say:
I think many people, nations, reputations, organization,
etc. have been destroyed by "just words." Somewhere I
heard the phrase: "The pen is mightier than the sword."
Words can and do hurt. I believe the practive of flaming
has probably hindered many people's participation and
contribution to discussions on the net. Some words that can hurt you:
 - death threats
 - "You're fired"
 - "I don't want to see you ever again."
 - "You're ideas are stupid; take them somewhere else."
 - "We see no option but to declare war!"
you get the idea.
Flaming is unproductive.
p.s. I am ashamed; messages will be signed soon. Here's
a detached signature of this message.

@_date: 1993-10-28 13:12:42
@_author: wonderer 
@_subject: Signing our keys 
Well, Paul Robichaux, actually, that message was not intended
for the list, as you seem to realize. However, given your
message, and the thoughts that it sparked, I guess it wasn't
such a bad thing after all that my lack of sleep caused me
to be careless.
I'd like to know how many people check the signatures at the
end of messages. Maybe whenever there's a questionable one,
or if someone claims that a message seemingly from them
is a spoof.
So, my question is: how do I get people to agree to sign
my key when I don't really exist? Is my net reputation
enough for you?

@_date: 1993-10-29 14:13:28
@_author: wonderer 
@_subject: ON THE ROAD TO NOSINESS? THE SAME GEAR THAT WOULD SMOOTH OUT TRAFFIC JAMS 
My understanding is that IVHS systems are voluntary. Here are
some examples of systems that invade your privacy, and yet
are considered acceptable:
 - phone bill
    an itemized list of every number you called.
 - credit card bill
    Where and how much you spent
 - school records
 - criminal record
All this information is easily obtainable. Do you think that
people will reject a system that saves them a significant portion
of their trip to work each day so that there is no record of
where they drove?
Also, I believe most toll collection systems being built
are on a pre-paid basis, and anonymity is retained unless
there is a violation. In that case, a photograph is taken
of the plate. In Europe, I believe that there are highways
that you can speed on, and then receive a ticket in the mail
when the camera photographs your plate.
Okay, that's the devil's advocate point of view. The argument
of the IVHS proponents. Personally, I believe that IVHS is
receiving enough government funding that it will happen.
Nothing is inevitable, but money talks. To combat the privacy-invading
aspects of IVHS will take a substancial political battle.
Isn't Clinton's proposed Health card a bigger threat than IVHS?
I believe we should concentrate on privacy issues as they
relate to computer systems and cryptography. We are cypherpunks,
not just punks. Those issues are also important, but probably
more related to alt.privacy or some such group.

@_date: 1993-10-29 16:09:07
@_author: wonderer 
@_subject: ID of anonymous posters via word analysis? 
I don't see anything wrong or unethical about using software.
It is true that the Nazis used gas against the Jews in
WW II, so are you not going to use gas? I hope this doesn't
sound insensitive, but part of studying anonymity and
the pseudonymous experience is finding out what sort of
techniques can be used to discover someone's nym. I pointed
one out earlier - watching for double postings, one by nym,
the other by actual identity.
If studying writing patterns is a viable method for
discovering the true identity of a nym, then by all means
try it. If someone were to discover my identity, I would
use it as a learning experience. I'm going to be as
careful as possible, but I would not advocate ignoring
software if it exists, no matter what its historical
