
@_date: 1994-11-26 19:30:54
@_author: Yves Bellefeuille 
@_subject: Need program pointers 
Norton's Wipeinfo is not too bad, but I have found one major problem and
a few minor problems with versions 7 and 8:
Major problem: The documentation says that Wipeinfo automatically disables
Smartcan, the undelete utility. In fact, it doesn't do so, at least on my
system. If you don't disable Smartcan manually, you can simply undelete
the "wiped" files.
For this reason, I no longer trust Wipeinfo to automatically disable my
cache; I turn the cache off manually before using Wipeinfo.
Minor problems: If you use the options to wipe file slack or unused space,
Wipeinfo will not wipe the directory entries for deleted files. Using
DiskEdit in hex view, you can still see that you once had a file called
?ECRET. However, using Wipeinfo to wipe a file will also wipe the
directory entry.
And Wipeinfo will only wipe some areas of the disk (track 0, for example),
if you choose to do a "government wipe". Doing a "fast wipe" will not wipe
these areas, even if you choose to wipe the entire drive.
The documentation for Secure File System (SFS) has interesting information
on wiping disks. Peter Gutmann says this:
   There is a commonly-held belief that there is a US government standard
   for declassifying magnetic media which involves overwriting it three
   times. In fact this method is for declassifying core (computer memory)
   rather than magnetic media. The government standard for declassifying
   magnetic media probably involves concentrated acid, furnaces, belt
   sanders, or any combination of the above.
Yves Bellefeuille, Ottawa, Canada
an448 at freenet.carleton.ca (finger here for PGP key)
ua294 at fim.uni-erlangen.de

@_date: 1995-02-06 01:33:14
@_author: Yves Bellefeuille 
@_subject: Legal implications of one-of-a-group guilt 
Well, I missed the beginning of this, but here's the general principle.
Any evidence is admissible which makes it more likely that whatever you're
trying to prove is true rather than untrue.
For example, I want to prove that you stole my watch. I can prove that the
thief is a man: since you are a man, this makes it more likely than before
that you are the thief. It doesn't prove that you did it, but it goes in
that direction -- it narrows it down. Okay? Now, here's the important corollary. If the jury is likely to give undue
weight to the evidence, it can be inadmissible even though it would be
admissible under the general principle. Lie detector tests are a good
example of this, at least in Canada: they're not admissible, and the
reason they're not admissible isn't because they don't prove with 100 %
certainty, but because the jury is likely to think they're much more
reliable than they actually are. Since I have no idea what the original topic was, I leave it to you to
apply these general rules to your specific concern as an exercise. :-)
Disclaimer: Since I'm in Canada, obviously I can't give any advice
regarding US law.
Yves Bellefeuille, Ottawa, Canada
an448 at freenet.carleton.ca (finger here for PGP key)
ua294 at fim.uni-erlangen.de
