
@_date: 1994-01-19 09:13:56
@_author: Xenon 
@_subject: Answers to newbie PGP questions. Listen up! 
If you anarchy boys get some dummies asking, "Hey, how do I PGP?", give them my e-mail address, or better, point them to alt.security.pgp where I and Gary Edstrom have been posting the "Here's How to MacPGP!" and "PGP FAQ" guides. My MacPGP Guide will be of interest even to seasoned MacPGP users. I will mail it to anyone, but first look on alt.security.pgp. Get these and upload them EVERYWHERE. Thank-you.

@_date: 1994-01-23 12:56:32
@_author: Xenon 
@_subject: PGP FAQ and MacPGP Guide Service Announcement! 
I have written a script to mail the latest PGP FAQ by Gary Edstrom and
my "Here's How to MacPGP!" guide to anyone who sends me mail with the
Subject "Bomb me!". This way I can continue to be helpful without having
to do much! So....
WHENEVER YOU SEE, "Duh, uhhh, where's da FAQ?" QUESTIONS in the crypto
groups or PGP questions in other groups, FIRE OFF AN E-MAIL OR POST,
SAYING, "Send mail to na48138 at anon.penet.fi, with "Bomb me!" as the
subject." The "na" means "not anonymous".
Do it do it do it do it....
P.S. When are your remailers going to provide people with easy return
addresses like anon.penet.fi does? Julf has my name on his hard disk,
but might this be done with encryption instead? If you ever want lots
of people to start using them, they need to be able to just hit the 'r'
key, not paste a long encrypted return address into new mail. I think
any address encryption should be handled by the remailer network, not the
poor user. No wonder anon.penet.fi users number in the tens of thousands
compared to the less than a thousand of cypherpunk remailers. I also don't
like that if I add or leave out ONE extra blank line, my mail plops
into mailbox of the person running the remailer. Remailer accounts should
be dedicated only to remailing tasks. Anon.penet.fi also has a reputation
that it has earned. With thousands of messages a day streaming through it,
I'm not too worried about Julf snooping for gossip in people's mail.
I and many don't have confidence in your remailers. Why don't you make
it as your secondary goal to steal away all of anon.penet.fi's users?!
PGP itself is fantastically successful as is anon.penet.fi. Why? I don't
know. Word of mouth? Advertising (mass media on PGP, and nice anon.penet.fi
info tagged onto the end of every message instead of the negatively
subliminal "NOT"-containing headers you have). And the most important thing
of all, they are FUN. Your remailers are not yet fun, and until they are
they will not attract thousands of users and thus fail to win "consumer

@_date: 1994-01-27 18:37:47
@_author: Xenon 
@_subject: Remailers needed NOW. Help. 
Dear Cypherpunk-remailer operators:
I need an immediate answer, so I thank you now. I am sending the PGP FAQ by
Gary Edstrom and my "Here's How to MacPGP Guide!" to anyone who sends me
mail with subject "Bomb me!". It is very easy for me to do this, one
keystroke in fact. I am averaging 6-12 requests a day, and expect this to
top 40-50 if I start advertising in other Usenet groups. As each piece in
the 5-part package is about 20-45K, it turns out that I am pushing 1-2MB of
mail through anon.penet.fi a day.
Guess what?
Julf sent me a e-letter today asking what's up. My return letter and offer
of support of his remailer may appease him, or it may not (if his remailer
just can't take it).
I am currently being forwarded the messages from the Cypherpunks mailing
list and I have noticed that YOUR remailers need more volume! I offer to
switch from anon.penet.fi, and divide my five-part package (20-45K per
part) among five or less of your remailers. This will amount to 250-500K
per remailer a day, and may reach twice that if I advertise the service
better. They will arrive about 5 seconds apart, in volumes of 3-6 per
session, perhaps 2-3 times a day.
I need to know RIGHT NOW, which remailers can handle this, and will remain
STABLE. I worry that if one fails, I will not receive notice of this like
anon.penet.fi gives, or the situation will become a nightmare for whatever
reason. I am not using encryption, an CANNOT do so since it would require
me to re-encrypt it for EACH new address. I am NOT willing to do this.
I will receive your answer faster if posted to the list, and I think the
answer will be of interest to many (which remailers can handle volume and
are the most stable...).
I would like to use the normal header and I need to know EXACTLY how to
format this (one space, "::", "Request-Remailing-To: address", one space,
and message?). I also need an idea of the time-lag involved in each
remailer. Anon.penet.fi adds from 1 hour to 2 days lag time, but is very
reliable. I do not wish to chain my remailing, but I COULD do this in a
fixed way if you wanted me to. I have a SIMPLE file containing five single-
line Unix commands which contain ONE csh environment variable which I
assign to the person's e-mail address. I am executing this remotely using
rsh. I don't know Unix well enough to do much more than this!
Thank-you. Looks like I'm interested in your remailers after all :-).

@_date: 1994-01-27 21:57:47
@_author: Xenon 
@_subject: Five remailers needed NOW. Yo. 
I have played with the Cypherpunk remailers and it turns out it would be
very EASY for me to chain my remailing of the five 20-45K messages that
I am sending to anyone sending mail to na38138 at anon.penet.fi with subject
"Bomb me!". But it would NOT be easy for me to randomly chain them, two
mailers at a time. I don't know perl. I only discovered that if I put
long Unix command lines into a file and chmod u+x on it, I can use rsh
to remotely execute those commands and pass an environment variable
containing the person's address at the same time. I do not want to fully
automate it, as one keystoke after highlighting the person's address is
easy enough.
But I still ask, which five or less remailers should I use. I want fast and
very reliable sites, to avoid people receiving a partial mailing and sending
me back complaining about it. This would become regular and confusing if the
delay between the parts was great. I could add a header explaining this to
them though.
If you care enough, you could mail me a script that would output ten randomly
seleted remailer addresses and I could use those variables in my mailer
command file. Then I would be sending to five random sites and these would
chain to a second random site and be sent to their final destination.
Again, I am not very interested in using encryption, period.
