
@_date: 1993-12-06 02:19:57
@_author: Mephisto 
@_subject: Gov't Report 
Thought that some of you might find this interesting...
 **Forwarded Message**
X-Acknowledge-To:  KH3 at NIHCU.BITNET
Sender: rsaref-users-request at RSA.COM
GAO recently issued a report "Communications Privacy:
Federal Policy and Actions", GAO/OSI-94-2, dated
November 4, 1993, that may be of interest to members
of your group.  The report focused on the following issues:
    - The need for information privacy in computer and
      communications systems--through such means as
      encryption, or conversion of clear text to an
      unreadable form--to mitigate the threat of economic
      espionage to U.S. industry;
    - federal agency authority to develop cryptographic
      standards for the protection of sensitive,
      unclassified information and the actions and policies
      of the National Security Agency (NSA), Department of
      Defense, and of the National Institute of Standards
      and Technology (NI ST), Department of Commerce,
      regarding the selection of  federal cryptographic
      standards;
    - roles, actions, and policies of NSA and the
      Department of State related to export controls for
      products with encryption capabilities and industry
      rationale for requesting liberalization of such
      controls; and
    - the Federal Bureau of Investigation's (FBI)
      legislative proposal regarding telephone systems that
      use digital communications technology.
I have placed an electronic version of the report named
OSI-94-2.TXT in the GAO-REPORTS anonymous FTP directory at
NIH (ftp.cu.nih.gov).
Joe Sokalski, GAO--Los Angeles
              kh3 at cu.nih.gov

@_date: 1993-11-26 12:38:56
@_author: Mephisto 
@_subject: Comments on NSA (was: "Pyrrhus Cracks RSA?") 
Well, doesn't it make some sense given the utility of prime numbers in
cryptography, that the NSA, or anyone else interested in breaking codes for that
matter, would have simply dedicated a computer or two to the long-term project
of determining all of the prime numbers under x bits long?  Granted this would
take a while, but the NSA has the time, the computers, and the other resources
necessary to do this.  Having all of these prime numbers would greatly reduce
the effort necessary to crack PGP/RSA-type cryptosystems which rely on prime
numbers.  It would reduce the number of factors a brute-force attack would
have to check dramatically.  Or am I completely off-base?

@_date: 1994-01-31 04:03:00
@_author: Mephisto 
@_subject: Applicability of ITAR 
A quick, and quite possibly stupid, question:
As an American living overseas, how applicable is ITAR to me?  Since I'm
already in a foreign country, does this also mean that I shouldn't be able to
receive any cryptographic software/books?  Does this, in a strict interpretation, mean that if I show my books on cryptography to my friends
here that I am breaking the law -- even though these books are publicly
available in the states?
I imagine that the answer is that the law applies to me just as much here as
it would were I living in the US still, but I'm curious....
