
@_date: 1996-08-17 07:18:38
@_author: The honourable Vyshinsky 
@_subject: The Transparency Of Cyber-Nitrate 
Liar.  You know very well the rec.music.white-power vote was falsified.
Liar.  You know very well that Stormfront-L is not representative of net racismo.  It appears unusually intelligent vs. usenet racists is because of Don Black's moderation.  There aren't constant interruptions by Andrew Mathis, Mike Beebe, ara, scoop, sexy Jeanne Kapowski, etc., threatening to rape, mutilate, poison and murder racists, thanks to Mr. Black.  You also know very well that numbers of mailing list subscribers do not translate to active interest in a newsgroup.  How popular would comp.cypherpunks be if it was created and propagated?  FAR more popular than anyone would expect from a mere 1,000 or so current subscribers.  In fact, this is your's and tcmay, Sameer, shamrock, etc., duty to write a RFD and CFV for an UNMODERATED comp.cypherpunks newsgroup.  On second thought, you SHOULDN'T participate because you censor by moderation yourself as a power trip.  You know, in hindsight, I think I hurt the r.m.w-p effort more than helped, I only posted to usenet about it and avoided mail.  I shouldn't have respected cypherpunks enough to refuse to follow your practice of trolling against racists on the mailing list, I should have confined my campaign to cypherpunks.  Another example, does the 40 or so subscribers to coder-punks indicate there is very little interest in coding for crypto- at nonymity?!??????
Liar.  Either post your entire copy to alt.revisionism or prove yourself a lying capitali$t bastard who's jealous about Zuendel because you are a J$wish preppie homo$exual righti$(t) ri(c)h pig.
Prove it, liar.  I can prove the opposite with just these examples: racist terrorism, Oklahoma City, Vipers, J$ws, Microsoft, Holocaust, capitali$m, flying saucers, penny stocks, etc.
Why do you pretend to be Ingrid in your latest post?  Are you jealous of the pretty woman you'll never have because of your difficulties with those sort of things?
Your e-mail reply to this message WILL be *automatically* ANONYMIZED.
Please, report inappropriate use to                abuse at anon.penet.fi
For information (incl. non-anon reply) write to    help at anon.penet.fi
If you have any problems, address them to          admin at anon.penet.fi

@_date: 1996-05-02 23:12:39
@_author: Skipjack Sally 
@_subject: aufweidersehn, * grave$ 
Glad that lying anti-racist jerk is leaving.  With all his/her's nyms, rc graves is impossible to trust. Mike Beebe, Beowulf,
ezundel, nietzsche, ernstzundel and others to make transparent
trolls the ignorant anti-racist makes up.
Mike Beebe: Posted that he WILL murder David Irving, simply because Irving was rejected by St Martins Press because of
"controversial material."
Noticeable about capitali$t graves, he dissmisses EVERY attempt
to censor racists with a "who cares," "there just a bunch
of weinies," "if you can be heard *somewhere* without being
arrested, it's not censorship," etc.  He seems to imply that
merely because racists are powerless, we are not worthy of
protection.  I suppose if you have enough money, you can
PURCHASE your freedom, if not, tough shit.
We free-speachers don't need a character who defends the prosecutors when racists are sued or imprisoned in Canada,
UK, and Germany, merely for printing racist leaflets.
Your e-mail reply to this message WILL be *automatically* ANONYMIZED.
Please, report inappropriate use to                abuse at anon.penet.fi
For information (incl. non-anon reply) write to    help at anon.penet.fi
If you have any problems, address them to          admin at anon.penet.fi
