
@_date: 1997-03-11 16:47:41
@_author: an7575 at anon.nymserver.com 
@_subject: Subject: Anonymous Nymserver: anon.nymserver.com 
Kevin McCurry pretended to ask:
I would appreciate any information on the trustworthiness/security of the
below named individuals and service. Please, friends, spare me the gratuitous
remarks about Sameer, etc., that's not the issue inthis case.
  Why are you asking for information on these people and then stating that you don't want 'certain types' of information on Sameer and others?
  Are you connected in some way to these people, perhaps,
and just fishing for compliments that will be supplied
by the prepared responses of others?
  Allow me to give my 'unprepared' response in regard to
remailers in general, since you seem to be seeking only
a one-sided viewpoint about the individuals involved.
  Firstly, remailers were developed by the cypherpunks as
a method of monitoring supposedly private communications
of others, in order to increase their own power and wealth.
  The communications passing through them remain private and anonymous only to those who aren't running them (or who
haven't compromised the system).
  Secondly, the few remailers that aren't contolled by a
small elite within the cypherpunks come and go rather
  Thirdly, the remailer owners only support compromised
cryptography systems such as the newer versions of PGP
produced by All-my-charges-mysteriously-disappeared-
when-I-agreed-to-switch-to-a-new-system Zimmerman.
  If you want true anonymity, learn how to hack.

@_date: 1997-03-11 22:26:08
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: Anonymous Nymserver: anon.nymserver.com 
The motivation behind the 'generosity' of others should always
be considered as a factor.
  You are asking for opinions from people you don't personally know for
opinions as to the integrity of others whom you do not know, in order
to make decisions regarding placing your trust in someone else to guarantee your privacy and/or anonymity?
Received: (from root at localhost) by shaman.lycaeum.org (Partyon/dude!)
  Judging from the (Partyon/dude!) in the headers from the server,
perhaps questions regarding 'controlled substances' might be more
pertinent.    As well, the new-user info they send out tells you how to hack the
accounts of others on the system, then tells you that the 'protection'
against this is defaulted to 'off'. It goes on to say that you should
turn it 'on' only if you are 'paranoid' of someone hacking 'your'
  i.e. - if you don't notice or understand the implications of this,
then, by default, you are 'fair game' for hackers on their server.
  PGP 2.0-->2.3a were released outside of the U.S. and imported into
the country.
  The use of PGP=>2.5 suddenly became a 'non-issue' for use in the U.S.
because they use both the algorithm and sub-routines developed by the
NSA and the Military.
  Think about it.
  Such as blind acceptance of remailers and iconic cryptographical

@_date: 1997-03-11 23:01:32
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: TEMPEST protection 
Russian spy Igor Chudov whispered:
  Having had electro-shock therapy, I consider myself somewhat of an expert in this area.
  I have an outdated computer which I set next to my new
computer, and I have self-running programs running on it
all the time. I also add a keyboard input device when I
want a little extra *noise* in the air. (It uses those *ducks* that swing up and down, dipping their beaks in
a glass of water.)
Not that I think that Martians from the flying saucers are already
listening, but it is interesting to find out how to do this stuff.
  For Martians, use an aluminum-foil hat. (That's common

@_date: 1997-03-12 00:06:55
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: Ecash Brain Tennis 
Be assured that those already in control of commerce in this country and others have already written new laws 'in
their head' concerning the future of eca$h.
  I predict that these laws will be for our 'protection,'
but will have the curious effect of limiting the control
of eca$h to the already rich and powerful.
  Some groups such as the Anguila Antagonists may be able to wrest a certain number of digital dollars from the grip
of the system currently in place, but above a certain point,
they will eaten up, either passively or aggressively (crushed
or bought off).
  If 'outsiders' begin to make too large a dent in the main
players' piece of the action, then we can expect to see events
similar to the Junk Bonds fiasco, with the 'bad guys' set-up
and knocked down like bowling pins.
  We can expect automatic taxation at the time of all eca$h
transactions, as well as strict laws against anonymity in the
transfer of eca$h.
  Freelance cryptographers are going to be outlaws, by decree
of law. It is quite simply a matter of money (power and
control being merely prerequisites for controlling money).

@_date: 1997-03-12 00:46:33
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: Anonymous Nymserver: anon.nymserver.com 
The straight facts are that you can't trust your best
friend not to bop your old-lady, given ample opportunity,
and to put even more trust in a stranger is foolish.
  Are you saying that the patent on the RSA algorithm wasn't
  The relationship between MIT and the NSA and the Military
isn't very far under the table.   The spooks funded MIT's RSA development, and they are not
noted for funding projects for the good of the common man.
To suggest that they would fund a form of cryptography that
didn't have their own back-door for sounds implausible.

@_date: 1997-03-12 02:16:51
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: Anonymous Nymserver: anon.nymserver.com 
Can you document where it isn't?
  I realize that you may be too inexperienced in just how the
real world works to understand the value of mistrusting systems
whose development is bought and paid for by the spooks, but I
wish I had a nickle for every loser in history who went to the
gallows complaining that they'd been lied to and fucked over
when the real problem was that they had their hands over their
ears and thier eyes closed.
  Zimmerman may be a saint or a ratfucker, but either way, he
doesn't have a key to the cell door, so I'd rather count on myself to stay on the open-air side of it.
  I would suggest that if you want to look for "FUD" you take
a look at your own trusting faith in spook-produced cryptography.

@_date: 1997-03-12 19:30:58
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: Anonymous Nymserver: anon.nymserver.com 
> >   I always wonder why there seem to be so many lame fucks on
the cypherpunks list who, rather than responding to the posts
on the list, seem to be responding to some broken recording
going on in their own head.
  Naturally, these lame fucks never have a direct quote available
to match the words inside their heads that they purport to place
in the mouths of others.
  Why don't 'these people' try actually following a thread and
deal with the concepts involved, rather than spouting off their
auto-bot, knee-jerk responses to the voices of old wars that
they are still fighting inside their heads?

@_date: 1997-03-13 13:04:46
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: Silvernail Concedes / Hides In Shame 
roy at sendai.scytale.com wroted:
  Your point is garbage and will remain garbage.
  The only 'explotation' involved in this thread is the introduction
of issues which were not raised by my post. Rather than respond to
the concerns I raised, Alan Olsen chose to spew forth some unrelated
diatribe about old memories of people claiming to have 'broken' PGP.
  The cypherpunks list never seems to lack for members who seem to
lack the capacity for independent thought and who then respond to invalid tangents to the issues raised, rather than give an
intelligent response to the real issues raised.
  I noticed, long ago, that if Dr. Vulis posted several pages of
intelligent, crypto-related material, then signed off with his
"JG is a cocksucker" tag, that I could expect to see perhaps a
single post dealing with the crypto issues he raised, and dozens
of posts saying "is not" and/or "is too."
  Am I to presume that Alan and Roy used the Clipper chip as anal
suppositories, for safe, secure, protection, right up to the moment
that its weaknesses were found?
  I am certain that they are confident that the plastic Zimmerman they have on their computer dashboards will protect them from harm, but I put more faith in the words of Zimmerman himself, than in those
who worship his graven software blindly.
  When Alan and Roy, among others, have blathered on about 'exploits'
long enough to get it out of their system, then perhaps they might
consider looking up the word 'compromised' and respond to the issues
I raised in my post.
  Thus far, there has been nobody either competent or willing enough to address them.
  Ah, yes, the old '*PLONK* and *RUN*' gambit.
  Is that a 'tail' I see between Roy's legs?

@_date: 1997-03-13 14:34:07
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: Anonymous Nymserver: anon.nymserver.com 
Alan Olsen hunt and pecked:
  Now that you seem to have actually read what I have written, perhaps you might consider reading what you, yourself, have written.
  I stated my case for contending that PGP=>2.5 has been compromised, and got back wild-eyed demands for proof of that which I did not
claim, mainly, that PGP had been 'broken.'
  To reiterate my original observations:
1. The development of RSA was funded and controlled by the spooks.
i.e. - The National Science Foundation and the Navy.
2. The campaign of persecution against Phil Zimmerman ground to a
halt once he agreed to PGP using the spook-developed RSAREF subroutines
to implement the RSA functions, instead of PGP's original subroutines.
  If people with guns came to me and told me that software I had written now had to use their subroutines, instead of my own, then
I would consider my software 'compromised', regardless of whether
or not I could immediately discern any anomalies in it.
  It is far, far easier to 'build' a back-door, than to 'find' one.
  It never fails to amaze me how the back-doors that software makers
intentionally build into their products for their own convenience
suddenly become 'bugs' when hackers, among others, take advantage
of them.
  One hacker I know used to find most of his hacks into AT&T UNIX by
screwing up his system (i.e. - corrupting the passwd file) and then
calling in the AT&T support techs and observing their tricks and
techniques (and then improving on them).
  In regard to the question of whether RSA's spookware has some type
of back-door, or has been 'broken', the answers to these questions
are moot, from my point of view, because I do not intend to base
my privacy and security only on programs developed by even the
most well-intentioned of others.

@_date: 1997-03-13 16:10:46
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: "Experts slam PGP encryption" 
...or trust those who holler loudest and longest about the
security of this or that product (or snake oil).
  "I don't care if my computer freezes,
  "As long as I've got my plastic Jesus,
  "Sitting right on top of my keyboard."
  "Spooks and phantoms, they ain't scary,
  "As long as I've got the Virgin Mary,
  "Sitting right on top of my keyboard."
  "The military, they can't kill me,
  "As long as I've got my buddy, Phil Z.
  "Sitting right on top of my keyboard."
  "Moe and Curly, also Larry,
  "Keep the Feds from being scary,
  "Sitting right on top of my keyboard.

@_date: 1997-03-13 17:06:22
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: Failure of centralized certificates - was "Experts slam PGP 
Damn good thing that there are no political issues surrounding crypto.

@_date: 1997-03-14 00:29:09
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: Silvernail Concedes / Hides In Shame 
If this is the case, Roy, I apologize.
  I didn't notice that you had changed the reply-to address on your
response to bypass the anonymity of your reply, so it appeared in
my headers in the same format as those replies I receive through
the list.
  I sometimes forget that there are those who do not wish the contents of their private email to reflect on their public image.
  I wouldn't lose too much sleep over it, however, since many people on the list hate to have their bubbles burst and probably
killfiled me after my first post.
  I'm still waiting for someone to reply to the actual issues I
raised in my post, as opposed dealing with imaginary daemons that
they tacked on to the thread.

@_date: 1997-03-14 15:57:38
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: Anonymous Nymserver: anon.nymserver.com 
It is rather surprising to have anyone on this list actually address
the issues I raised but, all the same, you seem to want to label the
detail you wish to address as my 'main' argument.
  There seems to be a decided lack of people on this list who can follow
the English language and simply stated concepts.
  Once again, I am asked to 'admit' what I have already made plain.
  What is this neurosis that everyone seems to have regarding PGP which
leads them to demand hard-evidence of malfeasance before suggesting
that one should not bend over in blind trust for encryption systems
whose development was funded by the spooks, and whose method of
implementation is a result of threats and coercion?
  Perhaps the government should have named their Key Escrow schemes "Zimmerman Escrow," instead, in order to take advantage of the bum-buddy
mentality among the cypherpunks which seems to hold issues
surrounding their holy icon to a different standard than other systems
of encryption.
  The denziens of the cypherpunks list often have math skills far above
those to be found in some of the related 'science' forums, but they do
not have a monopoly on clever use and manipulation of numbers, bits
and bytes.
  The Navy's Onion Routing system is more sophisticated than their first
cousins, the cypherpunks remailers, and there is no 'visible' hole or
back-door in their work. I have not seen any great rush by anyone with
half-a-brain, however, to indicate the remailers are being abandoned in
favor of the Navy's product.
  Why is that? Could it have anything to do with the same issues I have
raised in regard to RSA implementation?
  I doubt that it would come as a surprise to anyone to know that the
Navy also has mathematicians on the payroll, nor that their tenacles
in the scientific community are not all wearing uniforms and saluting
when their superiors enter the room.
  I also doubt that there are not those among the cypherpunks who are
capable of writing a subroutine to take advantage of unique attributes
of individual algorithms.
  Their actions resulted in their product infiltrating a market which
is noted for being extremely hard to penetrate. Victims of con games
are seldom fooled by the 'bad guy' in the ruse.
  I have never contended that Mr. Zimmerman was part of any direct
"deal" with the government or the prosecutors.
  His reputation capital, in my own mind, is high enough that I am
certain that it would take a phenomenal amount of pressure in order
to get him to betray his principles.
  On the other hand, only a fool would fail to take into consideration
the fact that the government is fully capable of applying a phenomenal
amount of pressure when they feel the stakes are high enough.
  The government, indeed, did not kiss Zimmerman 'on the lips' after the 'deal' with RSA was arranged, but they let his case simply run
its natural course, with no additional pressure being applied.
  Take a whiff of some smelling-salts, Peter. The government 'never' runs out of pretexes under which to harass someone who remains an
actionable target in their minds.
  (Where were *you* when J.F.K was shot?)
  ...battered, but still standing.
  Check it for what? For 'tricks and techniques' that you *know*
  The fact that an individual has taught you 'everything you know'
does not lead to the conclusion that they have taught you everything
that 'they' know.
  I am sure you will agree, as well, that if a teenage hacker violates
your system, leaving its entrails shredded, that it is small consolation
that their math skills are not on a par with your own. Do people with
superior knowledge of virus' leave their systems open to attack from
unknown techniques? I don't think so.
  Several years ago, I emailed MicroSoft a short post suggesting that
they take steps to prevent their use of macros from being abused. The
reply I received, politely telling me to 'piss off,' informed me that
virus' could *not* be transmitted via "ASCII" files.
  This is the point at which I realize that the builder has been banging
my wife, and that he 'leaked' a rumor of a 'secret' back-door so that
I would be too busy to notice my wife letting him in the "back door"
that was plainly visible in the blueprints.
  As well, if the blueprint bore the name of Doug Henning, would you be
as secure in your belief that there were no secret doors in place?
  Your points are well taken, but far off the mark of the issue I raised, which was one of PGP having been "compromised." You make a
strong case for the mathematical strength of RSA implementation having been scrupulously investigated, although not an airtight one,
by any means. However, the issue of this or that system having been
"compromised" has more to do with the concept, rather than the
mathematics, of security.
  At the risk of being labeled a tenacle of Dr. Vulis, I will use a
"cocksucker" analogy, this being an area in which all factions of the
cypherpunks list seem to claim knowledge (although on 'opposite'
sides of the fence).
  In the militaristic/spook scheme of things, a system or entity is deemed to be "compromised" if there is a *possibility* of what is sometimes called a *known/unknown* (KU) factor having been introduced into a *controlled* situation or system.
  i.e. During the Cold War, homosexuality was one of the fulcrums which
could be used to pry open the security bonds between an agent and that
agent's controller.
   This was a 'known' factor which raised alarms, and an agent or entity
was deemed to be "compromised," regardless of whether this factor was
considered to be 'unknown' to the enemy. Trusted systems, as we call
them today, were automatically considered to be compromised if there
was reason to suspect that they *could have been* compromised, even if
it was 'unknown' whether or not they actually *were* compromised.
  The case of Alan Turning is a prime example, here. Revelation that there existed a fulcrum point which enemy agents could well have used
to compromise his work left it open to valid suspicion.
  It then behooved those with an interest in security matters to scrutinize not only his 'numbers,' but also his 'history,' and that
of those around him. It also became in their best interest to assume
that his work *had* been compromised, and to take measures to modify
or alter it in ways that would conceivably affect any methodologies
which were based on hidden designs or schemes.
  The issues I raised were not of 'substance,' but of 'shadows.'   Had RSA development and implementation been funded and controlled by
the KGB, then I seriously doubt if the U.S. Military would have embraced
it, no matter what the *numbers* showed.
  If cypherpunks have a lower standard of suspicion, then I am certain
the government would be happy to provide them with *all* the software
they care to use.
  If there is "no unknown to Fear," then perhaps you would be so kind
to supply me with "substantive" information such as all of the top-
secret government documents concerning encryption and the development
of RSA.
  If there is "no Uncertainty to deal with," then I assume that all
mathematical possibilities have been discovered and are known to all
members of the list, and that there will be no future developments in
the field of mathematics or encryption.
  It there is "no Doubt that (you) have all the knowledge (you) need,"
then there is a fellow I met in Chicago who runs a Pea/Shell game and,
I am certain, would be happy to give you a 'chance' to exercise your
  Thank you for at least dealing with matters that are in the same
ballpark as the issues I raised, as opposed to arguing over whether
or not the Dodgers could beat the Sharks.
