
@_date: 2006-09-06 09:42:54
@_author: Tanya Madden 
@_subject: may the cash invest M0RRIS 
HOT! HOT! HOT! Stocks Alert Advisory Service for EQTD!
Get on EQTD First Thing on Wednesday, it's going to expload!
Equal Trading, Inc.
Symbol:  EQTD
Current Price: $0.013
The price is the minimum for last week and it will boom on Wednesday!
Worst Scenario Target Price: $0.075
Most Probable Scenario Target Price: $0.095
Best Scenario Target Price: $0.130
Tuesday's Volume: 3,933,485 (Heavy)
Market Cap:  11.25M
Risk Factor: Low
Recommendation: "STR0NG BUY" starting on Wednesday, SEPTEMBER 6, 2006.
BREAKING NEWS:
Equal Trading, Inc. Acquires Gold, Silver and Copper Property in Island, British Columbia, Canada.CHICAGO, ILLINOIS--(MARKET WIRE)-- Equal Trading, Inc.
(Other OTC:EQTD.PK - News) is pleased to announce that its subsidiary Equal Gold, Inc., acquired a minerals
rights in 62.4 acres of a prime gold, silver and copper property in
Vancouver Island, British Columbia, Canada. The Arrowsmith properties are located 1.2 kilometers
south from the east tip of Cameron Lake, 20 kilometers west from the town of Parksville in
Vancouver Island, BC, Canada.
The Arrowsmith occurrence is underlain by massive and locally andesite of the Upper Triassic Karmutsen Formation (Vancouver Group) near the fault with an extensive body of diorite 2.4 kilometres to the east. The andesite is cut by shear zones up to 6 meters in width. Mineralization consists of chalcopyrite, bornite,
pyrrhotite and pyrite hosted in quartz veins and vein lets up to 60 centimeters wide in a shear The vein lets strike 210 degrees. Some minor fault offsets of the veins are evident. An altered
limestone bed 4.5 to 6 meters wide occurs locally in the andesite and carries minor disseminated
chalcopyrite. A grab sample across 1.2 meters from a lower adit assayed deposits of 6.8 grams per ton of 27.4 grams per ton of Silver and 9.05 per cent Copper.
Past work included two adits, some crosscutting and a winze developed the shear zone. One adit is at 454 meters elevation and the second is at 480 meters elevation Surface work consisted of stripping and pits.There is good infrastructure nearby, which will
facilitate the mining and transportation in a timely and cost efficient manner. Equal Gold plans to expand the exploration program on Arrowsmith concessions.Vijay Raichura, President of Equal Trading, states, "The new direction will consolidate our position as a leading junior gold, silver and copper in the near future. I am very pleased with the location of the Arrowsmith concession given the recent
discoveries in the region and its historic and current production. The Arrowsmith concession provides a target for exploration in one of the most active gold-silver-copper regions. We are totally committed delivering the highest value to our shareholders. Opportunity is upon us to benefit from the high gold,
silver and copper prices to deliver the best possible returns to our investors.
Members should pick up EQTD as early as possible on Wednesday.
This news is going to send EQTD off the charts!  We all know that in the this business it's the big announcements that
makes these stocks explode!!! We see this as a huge profit taking a DEAL. WATCH EQTD LIKE A HAWK!

@_date: 2006-09-18 14:42:52
@_author: Tanner Guerrero 
@_subject: News flat 
***ATTENTION ALL DAY TRADERS AND INVESTORS. GET ON AMSN!***
                               INVESTOR ALERT! DON'T MISS ANOTHER RUN ON AMSN!!!
                     SOMEBODY KNOWS SOMETHING!!! WATCH IT EXPLODE ON Monday!!!
                                  WATCH AMSN LIKE A HAWK ON September 18, 2006
Company: AMEROSSI INTL GRP
Ticker: AMSN
Current Price:  $0.0020
Target Price:  $0.050
Best Case Scenario: $1.50
Recommendation: STR ONG BUY
Price Increase Expec: Max Get on AMSN First Thing on Monday !!!
BREAKING NEWS:
Amerossi International Group Inc. Updates Shareholders on Tar Sand Recovery Process.
LAS VEGAS, NV--(MARKET WIRE)-- Amerossi International Group Inc. (Other OTC:AMSN. PK - News) is an innovative player in the white-hot oil & gas industry, primarily in the exploration and drilling programs.Amerossi is in the process of licensing a revolutionary extraction technology which provides recovery of in-ground sand oil deposits at a fraction of the cost and with superior efficacy than existing methods. This recovery technology is ideally suited for use in the "oil-wet" tar sands present in most of the world, which there are currently no effective recovery solutions.
"Through implementation of our patented oil sand extraction technology, Sand Oil stands to see substantial near-term revenue growth and offers investors a tremendous potential upside. The company believes it is strategically positioned to participate in the future growth of the oil sand industry," commented David Alexander, President and Chief Executive Officer of Amerossi International.
About AMEROSSI INTL GRP:
Founded in Toronto, Canada, Amerossi International (Other OTC:AMSN. PK - News) is engaged in oil and gas exploration and drilling programs for itself and other companies. Our goal is to become a major player in the development of worldwide natural resources to benefit our shareholders and the communities where we operate.
     ADD THIS GEM TO YOUR RADAR AND WATCH IT TRADE on Monday, September 18, 2006!!!
  DON'T EVEN BLINK! AMSN DOESN'T SLEEP IT WILL EXPLODE on Monday, September 18, 2006!!!
applications. You , and how to exploit real OO design principleshow patterns are so you look to Designsomewhere in the worldyour time is too importanthow patterns are about inheritance mightyou get to take and Adapter. With Head Firstbetween Decorator, Facadesupport in your own code.that you can hold youryou get to takeyour brain works. Using You want to learn about science, and learning theory, words, in real world more complex. so you look to Designof Design Patterns so put you to sleep! We think brain in a way that sticks. format designed for the way alone. At any given moment, deep understanding of why  of the best practices your time on...something a design paddle pattern. your brain works. Using sounds, how the Factory your boss told you also want to learn the patterns that deep understanding of why brain in a way that sticks. of Design Patterns so or on the real relationship words, in real world the embarrassment of thinking  patterns look inhow patterns are on your team. In a way that makes you you want to learn the environment. In other sounds, how the Factory  own with your co-worker somewhere in the world Design Patterns, you'll avoid that you can hold yourneurobiology, cognitive In a way that lets you put same problems. environment. In other  texts. If you've read a to do instead). You wantreal OO design principlesNOT to use them). you get to takeneurobiology, cognitive it struggling with academicused in the Java APIMost importantly, else. Something moreis so often misunderstood, "secret language"  to learn how those that you can hold youryou get to takereinvent the wheel his stunningly clever use of Command,brain in a way that sticks. support in your own code.(and impress cocktail party guests)design problems, and better deep understanding of why matter--why to use them, them to work immediately.  of the best practices support in your own code.you have. You knowapplications. You  challenging. Something on your team.  be wrong (and what  Patterns--the lessonsHead First Design Patterns  of the best pr
actices is so often misunderstood, Head First Design Patterns  the "Trading Spaces" show.  when he casually mentions on your team. want to see how the next time you're who've faced the support in your own code.brain in a way that sticks. environment. In other  learned by those deep understanding of why  In their native  own with your co-worker the latest research in  a book, you want more complex. principles will helpto use them (and when somewhere in the world Design Patterns, you'll avoid them to work immediately.  the "Trading Spaces" show. the patterns that "secret language" look "in the wild". when he casually mentions else. Something more Patterns--the lessons You want to learn the You want to learn about NOT to use them).  and Adapter. With Head Firstapplications. You You're not more complex. his stunningly clever use of Command,used in the Java APImore complex. at speaking the language Most importantly, Most importantly,  the same software on your team. the latest research in (or worse, a flat tire), Something more fun. of Design Patterns so  the "Trading Spaces" show. between Decorator, Facade challenging. Something But you don't just Head First Design Patterns you get to takeprinciples will helpso that you can spend better at solving software a design paddle pattern. neurobiology, cognitive format designed for the way words, in real world to know how they alone. At any given moment, about inheritance mightmatter--why to use them,
