
@_date: 2000-11-29 07:22:24
@_author: Peter Tonoli 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Carnivore Probe Mollifies Some 
I've been thinking about Carnivore for days. I can't really see the data
that it collects/spews forth being anywhere near uncontestable.
These are probably obvious points but..
Is Carnivore going to be simply a software/OS specification, or all round
including hardware? What's to stop the provider being in collusion with
whoever's being monitored, and 'unplugging' the UTP whenever sensitive
data is being sent out? Worse still, what's to stop spoofed packets/data
being injected (by your friendly law officers) into carnivore to
incriminate those being monitored. Likewise, is there some sort of
protocol to on similar situations (well same ball-park), say
voice-wiretaps, that prevents evidence tampering?
Is there some sort of specification for this thing, or was the so called
research performed on this thing done under complete NDA?
I don't see how it holds up in any court.

@_date: 2001-04-17 19:58:54
@_author: Peter Tonoli 
@_subject: The Mirror - Sensitive laptop left in taxi 
CAROLINE SUSPECT'S SECRET LIFE IN BRITAIN
   4 YEARS IN SEEDY BEDSIT
   THE drifter suspected of murdering Caroline Dickinson lived in a seedy
   bedsit in Britain for four years.
Great one Jim....  As if posting one liners wasn't bad enough - Posting
URL's that have nothing to do with the subject line.

@_date: 2001-10-14 21:46:47
@_author: Peter Tonoli 
@_subject: anthrax down under? 
Seems all it just was a scare.
Powder proves harmless after Sydney anthrax scare
   Authorities have described as harmless a white powder-like substance
   found at the international terminal of Sydney Airport earlier today.
   An area near the Qantas check-in service was cordoned off as
   authorities in protective outfits examined the suspicious substance
   found on ticket documentation in the Qantas ticket sales office late
   this afternoon.
   A Qantas spokeswoman says the white powdery like substance was found
   on pre-printed documents.
   The scare comes as United States officials deal with five new cases of
   exposure to anthrax.
(waiting for anthrax scares from unsuspecting visitors to cocaine infested
nightclub toilets)

@_date: 2002-06-17 23:58:18
@_author: Peter Tonoli 
@_subject: AP is still alive 
Seems that AP may be in practice right now..
JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Police are probing an Israeli gambling ring suspected
of putting its money on a grim game of chance -- predicting the target of
the next Palestinian suicide bombing.
The betting ring was set up in the southern Israeli town of Kiryat
Malachi, where local gamblers can fill out a form that gives odds for
different cities and regions in Israel, the Tel Aviv weekly Zman Tel Aviv
reported Friday.
