
@_date: 2001-07-24 00:14:29
@_author: Andrew Woods 
@_subject: A question of self-defence - Fire extinguishers & self 
References: If you look at the Reuters image of Carlo holding the fire extinguisher, he's holding it below head-level. In my opinion, that leaves three options: Carlo was going to chuck the extinguisher underhand (and sideways to the vehicle, so it would've bounced off) at a low velocity, or Carlo was holding the fire extinguisher out in front of him as DEFENSE, or he was merely holding a fire extinguisher. It's not clear how much time elapsed between the picture of Carlo alive, and the next image, which is him lying on the ground with his brains all over the ground. However, the gun is can be seen and it's pointed at his head, so I assume it wasn't very long.
There's an image of Carlo under the land rover, with the cop who shot him covering or wiping his face. Neither man in the jeep were wearing gas masks with face shields, but every other carabinieri member seen in the series is wearing them.
The other thing that may not have been mentioned is that there were Carabinieri within 30 feet of the land rover, and that Carlo was in the Green Zone, supposedly the safe area for protests. There are pictures of about 10 fellow members of law enforcement a short distance away, including one with both hands on his forehead area. He appears anguished.
There's an image of Carlo under the land rover, with the cop who shot him covering or wiping his face.
there's a PDF on indymedia.org with the pictures i'm talking about at  Most of this analysis is paraphrased from the pdf, but it seems reasonable.
this may be a repeat of the powerpoint presentation post, but it's more Andrew Woods
Pokerspot.com Customer Support

@_date: 2001-07-24 01:29:28
@_author: Andrew Woods 
@_subject: The amazing victory of "protestor" bullshit.  Was: Re: A 
References:  <5.1.0.14.1.20010723233902.00a70bf0
I agree with your statements regarding confrontation of heavily armed militia men. The email was basically a response to the general conception that he was throwing the extinguisher, a conception which is somewhat contrary to the photographic evidence.
The question, given the evidence, is whether the protestors were pounding on the Italian paramilitary, or the paramilitary came to pound on peaceful protestors who stayed in the designated area, and then something went awry. I agree with both Choate (oops) and Petro, that cops should not be trigger happy, and sending soldiers into "peacekeeping" actions is counter to the majority of their training and habits.
How can you possibly know the intentions of "most of the protestors"? I suspect (but do not know) the intent of the rowdier 10% of protestors was to disrupt the meeting of the Group of 8 through their actions, not simply to fuck up the city of Genoa.
I will ignore your useless ad hominem attack, because you know even less about me than what happened to Carlo Giuliani.

@_date: 2002-01-07 04:04:21
@_author: Andrew Woods 
@_subject: Eudora filters for mattd 
First, make sure your filter for mattd is listed before your filter for cypherpunks. Also, because it seemed like mattd's from: header was somewhat variant, i have it matching just "mattd". Then there's a "make status: read", a "transfer to: trash", and a "skip rest". Good luck.
