
@_date: 2009-08-20 00:00:46
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: Tor Browser Bundle 1.2.8 released 
Tor Browser Bundle 1.2.8 is released. The big changes are the inclusion
of statically linked openssl dlls to resolve a few geoip lookup and
functionality issues with Vidalia, and the upgrade to the new Vidalia 0.2.2.
Available at The full list of updates and fixes:
    * update Torbutton to 1.2.2
    * update Vidalia to 0.2.2
    * compile OpenSSL 0.9.8k with Visual C to make dlls
    * update Pidgin to 2.6.1
Full post at

@_date: 2009-08-21 11:21:06
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: Supercookies 
Try Torora,   I've been heavily testing
it and harassing Robert with long emails of "I wish it did X" recently.
   More testing with more real users would be good.

@_date: 2009-06-24 15:32:25
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: Help Iranian dissidents 
In general, we encourage people to work on these types of ports of Tor.
   We will work with you and help you turn this into a reality.
However, be aware that it takes work, research, and effort to get tor to
work correctly on these platforms.  I'm sure there are a list of
features "micro-environments" would need to have in Tor to make
everything work better.
We'd love to have the help and your experience in turning this into a
reality.  We have the beginnings of a certification program in place, so
an end-user/customer can tell if this is really tor, works with the
current tor network, is a solid design as good as Tor, or is complete
bunk and merely includes the Tor tarball to say "uses Tor!" for their
marketing purposes.
However, coming up with the idea, and then punting all of the next steps
to the Tor Project doesn't work too well.  I have a list of platforms
that people have stated, "If you can turn Tor into an appliance on
device X, we'll sell it for you and donate x% back to you quarterly."
These platforms include: fonera2, embedded linux variants, polar cloud's
tomato, sheevaplugs, bug lab's modules, openwrt, ddwrt, windows ce,
windows xp embedded, and the list goes on.
In conversations with the requesters, they want:
Step 1) Generate an idea.
Step 2) Wait for Tor Project to do the technical work.
Step 3) Profit!
If only it were that easy.

@_date: 2011-12-30 16:55:07
@_author: andrew at torproject.org 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Automatic vulnerability scanning of Tor Network? 
: Either way your name is not attached to it, and your home address,
: etc., isn't either.
It's trivial for law enforcement to make the one hop from your company
to you and then to your house. Stupid criminals use a front company all
the time. While this may provide some legal protection after you're
raided and talking to a lawyer, you still get the swat team if your
local police are prone to overreaction. : The list may not appreciate my criticism, but the reality is we get
: about one post every six months from someone who literally has their
: door kicked in and their property stolen by the state.
So what? Just because there are overzealous police forces doesn't
mean running a Tor relay isn't legal and not your right to use the
banwidth for which you pay monthly. The vast majority of people
will never experience the exception to the rule; the SWAT team at 5
AM.  is
my experience. This is still the case four years later.
One raided relay out of 3000 relays every six months is a fantastic
ratio. I wish it were zero, but running Tor is not illegal, nor
is relaying traffic for others. The vast majority of Tor traffic is
benign, normal traffic from people who need Tor. I'm going to trust the
probability that says I'm very unlikely to get raided for a Tor exit
node at home.
We also have the start of a legal directory for relay operators,
 At
the worst, call me, I'll try to help. I've helped many over the past
few years, some of them as the police were in the house asking
questions. I'm not a lawyer, but I'll try to help you find one, if needed.

@_date: 2011-11-15 21:49:34
@_author: andrew at torproject.org 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Tor in Mexico 
: The site mentioned ( is promoting
: Tor use. It seems the victim used Tor, but the gangsters were able to
: identify and kill him anyway...
There's nothing in the chron.com report, nor that site, that ties Tor
usage to the targeted/killed people. Using a hidden service may help protect both the site and users.
I talked to a journalist from a newspaper in Mexico City concerned about
journalist safety in light of the ongoing drug wars. Most of the
discussion was about how internet surveillance can happen and things
people can do to stay safe, even if they aren't reporting on the drug
There was another journalist from an activist organization with the same
sorts of questions.
In both cases, the bulk of the discussion wasn't around the technology,
but about the social aspects of anonymity. If you use tor to successfully
hide from an adversary who runs the ISP, but login to facebook and join
an anti-zeta group under your real name and profile, well, you've lost
your anonymity.
I mentioned  specifically
 as examples of
places to learn more about blogging/reporting in dangerous areas. CPJ
also has a guide to reporting in dangerous places,
 This violence against journalists (both citizen and traditional) is
nothing new for lots of places in the world. It seems American's aren't
used to seeing it this close to our borders,
Tor alone cannot save you in completely hostile situations. Understanding
the environment and making decisions on your own is key. Many people are
struggling with the understanding part due to being overwhelmed with
the technical knowledge required to stay completely safe online, yet
still live in a hostile area. The lack of understanding leads to poor or
uninformed decisions. No software is going to solve some of these issues.
are just as advanced as the police forces, if not more so.  We're seeing
the results of this in the targeted killings based on online activities.

@_date: 2011-10-25 11:04:45
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Rumors of Tor's compromise 
I keep having the same conversation over and over again with various reporters from various news agencies. I've put up a [blog post]
exaggerated) as our answer.  The content of the blog post is also included # Rumors of Tor's compromise are greatly exaggerated
Recently, there are two stories claiming the Tor network is
compromised. It seems it is easier to get press than to publish research,
work with us on the details, and further, to propose solutions. Our
comments are based upon the same stories you are reading. We have
no insider information.
The first story has been around 'Freedom Hosting' and their
hosting of child abuse materials as exposed by [Anonymous Operation
We're reading the press articles, pastebin urls, and talking
to the same people as you. It appears 'Anonymous'
cracked the Apache/PHP/MySQL setup at Freedom Hosting
and published some, or all, of their users in the
database. These sites happened to be hosted on a [Tor hidden
servce]( Further,
'Anonymous' used an old denial of service
attack on 'Freedom Hosting' known as the
attack. It's a simple resource starvation attack that can be conducted
over low bandwidth, low resource requirement connections to individual
hosts. This isn't an attack on Tor, but rather an attack on some software
behind a Tor hidden service. This attack was discussed in a thread on the
mailing list starting October 19th.
The second story is around Eric Filiol's claims of compromising
the Tor network leading up to his Hackers to Hackers talk in
Brazil in a few days. This was initially announced by some French
press websites; however, it has spread further, such as this [Hackers
Brazil in a few days. This claim was initially announced by some French
websites; however, it has spread further, such as this [Hacker
Again, the
mailing list had the first discussions of these attacks back on October
13th.  To be clear, neither Eric nor his researchers have disclosed
anything about this attack to us. They have not talked to us, nor shared
any data with us — despite some mail exchanges where we reminded him the phrase "responsible disclosure". Here's the attack as we understand
it, from reading the various press reports:
They enumerated 6000 IP addresses that they think
are Tor relays. There aren't that many Tor relays in the world —
[2500]( is a more accurate
number. We're not sure what caused them to overcount so much. Perhaps
they watched the Tor network over a matter of weeks and collected a
bunch of addresses that aren't relays anymore? The set of relays is
public information, so there's no reason to collect a list and no reason
to end up with a wrong list.
One-third of the machines on those IP addresses are vulnerable to
operating system or other system level attacks, meaning he can break
in. That's quite a few! We wonder if that's true with the real Tor
network, or just their simulated one? Even ignoring the question of
what these 3500 extra IP addresses are, it's important to remember that
one-third by number is not at all the same as one-third by capacity:
Tor clients load-balance over relays based on the relay capacity, so
any useful statement should be about how much of the *capacity* of the
Tor network is vulnerable. It would indeed be shocking if one-third of
the Tor network by capacity is vulnerable to external attacks.
(There's also an aside about enumerating bridges. They say they found
181 bridges, and then there's a quote saying they "now have a complete
picture of the topography of Tor", which is a particularly unfortunate
time for that quote since there are currently around 600 bridges running.)
We expect the talk will include discussion about some cool Windows trick
that can modify the crypto keys in a running Tor relay that you have
local system access to; but it's simpler and smarter just to say that
when the attacker has local system access to a Tor relay, the attacker
controls the relay.
Once they've broken into some relays, they do congestion attacks like
[packet spinning]( to congest
the relays they couldn't compromise, to drive users toward the relays
they own. It's unclear how many resources are needed to keep the rest
of the relays continuously occupied long enough to keep the user from
using them. There are probably some better heuristics that clients
can use to distinguish between a loaded relay and an unavailable relay;
we look forward to learning how well their attack here actually worked.
sentence from the article:
  The remaining flow can then be decrypted via a fully method of attack
  called "to clear unknown" based on statistical analysis.
Do they have a new attack on AES, or on OpenSSL's implementation of it,
or on our use of OpenSSL? Or are they instead doing some sort of timing
attack, where if you own the client's first hop and also the destination
you can use statistics to confirm that the two flows are on the same
circuit? There's a history of [confused
researchers]( proclaiming
some sort of novel active attack when passive correlation attacks are much
simpler and just as effective.
So the summary of the attack might be "take control of the nodes you can,
then congest the other ones so your targets avoid them and use the nodes
you control. Then do some unspecified magic crypto attack to defeat the
layers of encryption for later hops in the circuit." But really, these are
just guesses based on the same news articles you're reading. We look
forwarding to finding out if there's actually an attack we can fix,
or if they are just playing all the journalists to get attention.
More generally, there are two broader lessons to remember here. First,
research into anonymity-breaking attacks is how the field moves forward,
and using Tor for your target is [common](
because a) it's resistant to all the simpler attacks and b) we make it
[really easy](
to do your research on. And second, remember that most other anonymity
systems out there fall to these attacks so quickly and thoroughly that
no researchers even talk about it anymore. For some recent examples, see
the single-hop proxy discussions in [How Much Anonymity does Network
Latency Leak?](
and [Website Fingerprinting in Onion Routing Based Anonymization
I thank Roger, Nick, and Runa for helping with this post.

@_date: 2011-09-09 21:04:33
@_author: andrew at torproject.org 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Tor banned in Pakistan. 
: I talked to someone from the pakistani government about this encryption
ban early this spring.  They were concerned that this law would be far
too broad and demolish whatever nascent e-commerce and online banking
markets that had started in the country.  They were also concerned that
too many people in the government didn't understand the difference
between a VPN and HTTPS. This person talked to American counter-terrorism people and found that
actual terrorists were not using VPNs nor HTTPS at all. They stating
right out in the open, from their registered DSL lines, their plans,
where they lived, and what they were planning to do on various online
chat network and forums.
While technically, yes this law does make anything that uses encryption
on the Internet in pakistan illegal, it was primarily aimed at the
various VPN providers run by known criminal organizations. Tor, HTTPS
Everywhere, and other tools are now illegal. Whether someone is actually
prosecuted for using such tools in country remains to be seen.

@_date: 2012-02-28 10:15:24
@_author: Andrew Lewman 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Cannot finish handshake with directory server 
Yes, there are many, many companies. Bluecoat, Narus, Cisco, Fortinet,
Nokia/Siemens, come to mind. For Kazakhstan specifically, I don't know
which company they use, or maybe they're building their own like Iran.
Or just look at  for a list of possible companies.
