
@_date: 2000-12-06 05:25:10
@_author: Andrew Drapp 
@_subject: IBM Uses Keystroke-monitoring in NJ Mob Case (was Re: 
We have it now.  Smartcards.  High end smart cards, with a co-processor on
board can do their own encrypting and decrypting.  Of course, they are
still slow enough that you wouldn't want to encrypt/decrypt any large
files onboard the card, but for small text it isn't a problem.
Bringing this back to PGP and how you might protect the keys, you could
keep the keys on the smartcard, or just the passphrase on the smart card.
The card could be locked to a PIN number, which after X incorrect entries
locked the card permanently.  You wouldn't want to do PGP encryption on
the card, so the key/passphrase is can still be sniffed when it is pulled
off of the card.
Andrew Drapp
Andrew Drapp PGP Encrypted Email Preferred (KeyID 65A52F89)
 E-mail Confidentiality Notice and Disclaimer
  This email and any files transmitted with it are confidential and are intended solely for the use of the individual or entity to which they are addressed. Access to this e-mail by anyone else is unauthorised. If you are not the intended recipient, any disclosure, copying, distribution or any action taken or omitted to be taken in reliance on it, is prohibited.   E-mail messages are not necessarily secure.  Hitachi does not accept responsibility for any changes made to this message after it was sent.   Please note that Hitachi checks outgoing e-mail messages for the presence of computer viruses.

@_date: 2000-11-29 12:14:37
@_author: Andrew Drapp 
@_subject: CDR: RE: Jim Bell  
I have to day that I strongly disagree with the above.  There are several current offline ecash systems which do not require expensive
(or even require at all) systems on checking double spent value.
Specifically I am referring to Mondex.  While there are several disadvantages to Mondex, and the fact that it is not truly anonymous,
it does currently allow secure offline transactions.
Andrew Drapp
Andrew Drapp PGP Encrypted Email Preferred (KeyID 65A52F89)
 E-mail Confidentiality Notice and Disclaimer
  This email and any files transmitted with it are confidential and are intended solely for the use of the individual or entity to which they are addressed. Access to this e-mail by anyone else is unauthorised. If you are not the intended recipient, any disclosure, copying, distribution or any action taken or omitted to be taken in reliance on it, is prohibited.   E-mail messages are not necessarily secure.  Hitachi does not accept responsibility for any changes made to this message after it was sent.   Please note that Hitachi checks outgoing e-mail messages for the presence of computer viruses.
