
@_date: 2011-06-23 15:58:45
@_author: Andre Manoel 
@_subject: [silk] Bitcoin 
$500k!? You mean the US owes 150 TRILLION dollars? The only way you
can come up with that number is by taking life-time possible future
expenses and counting them as if they were to be paid today. If you
are doing that, then you might want to count future income or revenue
using the same method. In that case, I guess the number would be over
1.1 quadrillion (US GDP times US life expectancy), not counting
economic growth.
I know something about this. I've lived through 7 currencies. It's not
the case with you.
Other governments in the past and in other countries raised taxes when
needed and the world didn't end. Reagan did it, Bush Sr. did it.
Clinton did it. You know the US has the highest cost of healthcare in
the world. And even its public system is larger than most developed
countries whole systems. You are supposedly not stupid and will figure
it out after a lot of suffering.
Plundering another country wouldn't change anything for you. Natural
resources? You have a lot of them already. What you don't you can buy
cheaply. If you had control of the saudi arabia or venezuela, you
wouldn't even be able to reduce oil prices. Manufactured goods? China
provides them cheaply. You have been doing that already.
There is talk of increasing wages in China and the consequence may be
higher prices for goods in the US.
A default is not necessary for the US. A lot of the alarmism is
unfounded. Take unemployment down, restore growth and a lot of what
people fears will be gone. Of course, a lot of what is being proposed
by list of people is to do the opposite, to inflict as much pain as
possible because the poor have to pay for the crisis they caused.
Terrors of central banking is a common theme. Oh, the good times of
gold as currency. We had it good in the XVII century when monetary
crises, booms and busts happened because of the flow of money in and
out of countries and nothing could be done about it. I like the way
Argentina showed how not being able to control one's currency works,
as they did in the Menem-Cavallo convertibility period. At first it is
all good, but if there is any problem, you have no way to get out. Cut
deficits and you have a recession and more deficits.
Brazil and Argentina were in a similar crisis around 1999. Argentina
had to default. Brazil let its currency float. Our crisis lasted 1
year. Theirs is still ongoing. Have an external currency and you are a
slave and get hit pretty hard from time to time.
I think it is an interesting intellectual exercise, but it is trying
to solve a problem by looking at the solution to some problems and
thinking it caused all the ones it didn't solve, then rolling it back.
