
@_date: 2009-02-22 02:19:26
@_author: announce at cfp.acm.org 
@_subject: Call for Participation: Computers, Freedom & Privacy   
Conference Research Showcase
CALL FOR PARTICIPATION
COMPUTERS, FREEDOM AND PRIVACY CONFERENCE
RESEARCH SHOWCASE
June 1-4, 2009, Washington DC
This year's Computers, Freedom and Privacy Conference will feature a
research showcase in the form of a research poster session as well as
a research panel that includes the authors of the best research
posters. CFP is the leading policy conference exploring the impact of
the Internet, computers, and communications technologies on
society. For more than a decade, CFP has anticipated policy trends and
issues, and has shaped the public debate on the future of privacy and
freedom in an ever more technology-filled world. CFP focuses on topics
such as freedom of speech, privacy, intellectual property,
cybersecurity, telecommunications, electronic democracy, digital
rights and responsibilities, and the future of technologies and their
implications. Researchers who work in any of these areas are invited
to submit research abstracts.
We seek research abstracts describing recent or ongoing research in
all areas relevant to the conference themes. We are especially
interested in research abstracts that present results with clearly
articulated policy implications. Abstracts should be written for a
general audience and should avoid using technical or legal
Submitted research abstracts can be either unpublished original research
(including work in progress), or research that has been recently
published (2008 or 2009).
Accepted abstracts or links to published papers will be posted on the
CFP web site and authors will be invited to present their work in the
form of a poster during a poster session on June 1 or 2, 2009. The
authors of the best research posters will be invited to participate in a
panel discussion.
Please submit your abstract via email to
cfp-posters AT cups.cs.cmu.edu. In the body of the message include the
title, authors, and brief abstract. If the research has been
published, also include the full citation and URL. Attach a 1-2 page
extended abstract or the full paper as a PDF file.  Please note that
poster abstracts should be formatted like short papers, not like
posters. Authors of accepted posters will be sent information about
how to prepare and format posters for the conference.
Submissions will close at 5pm, US East Coast time, the evening of
April 3.
CFP2009 RESEARCH SHOWCASE COMMITTEE
Lorrie Faith Cranor, Carnegie Mellon University (co-chair)
Alessandro Acquisti, Carnegie Mellon University (co-chair)
Lance Hoffman, George Washington University
Deirdre Mulligan, University of California, Berkeley
Adam Shostack, Microsoft

@_date: 2009-09-27 12:07:52
@_author: CFP Announcements 
@_subject: Save the date!  Computers, Freedom, and Privacy:  June 15-18,   
Smart phones, social networking, and the "internet of things" let us
integrate the online world and computers more deeply into our lives.
Should we have to give up our freedom and privacy in to reap the
benefits of a constant connection to friends and information?  How are
attitudes towards freedom and privacy changing for those who have grown
up so accustomed to an always-connected environment?  What about those
who aren't participating because they lack access to technology and
knowledge -- or who simply prefer more traditional forms of connection?
How do we take advantage of the power of computers to improve freedom
and privacy online and off?
To address those critical questions and more, the 20th annual ACM
Computers, Freedom and Privacy conference converges for the first time
ever in Silicon Valley.
*CFP 2010.  June 15-18, 2010, in San Jose California and cyberspace.*
Please save the date -- and pass the word.  CFP has spent the last ten
years describing itself as "the best conference you've never heard of."
We'd much rather be "the best conference everybody's talking about!"
We're still discussing potential themes and speakers for CFP 2010.  If
you've got ideas, or would like to help with the planning, please share
them on the CFP blog at Once we nail down the theme, we'll get the official call for
participation out ... stay tuned!
Jon Pincus and Dorothy Glancy, CFP 2010 co-chairs
