
@_date: 2004-11-26 19:40:48
@_author: announce at cfp2004.org 
@_subject: CFP-2005 Call for Proposals 
COMPUTERS, FREEDOM, AND PRIVACY CONFERENCE:
Panopticon 2005
April 12-15, 2005, Westin Hotel, Seattle, WA
The 15th annual conference on Computers, Freedom & Privacy takes place
from Tuesday, April 12th, to Friday, April 15th, 2005, in Seattle,
The Program Committee is now accepting proposals for conference
sessions and speakers for CFP2005. The deadline for submissions is
December 31, 2004
CFP serves as an internationally recognized forum for the members of
the technical, government, hacker, legal, business, education, media,
cyber-rights, and non-profit communities to address cutting edge
technical, business, legal and cultural issues. Programs, topics, and
speakers from prior years' CFP conferences can be found at: The CFP2005 Program Committee welcomes proposals on all aspects of
technology, freedom and privacy.  We are particularly interested in
receiving proposals that ask the hard questions about privacy and
freedom in emerging surveillance societies, and challenging those
assumptions.  For example, how much surveillance is too much?  When
does surveillance cease making us more secure and begin to change the
fabric of society?
The theme of the 15th CFP is "Panopticon 2005." Over time, and
particularly recently, surveillance of ordinary citizens has increased
to dramatic levels.  Not only are governments watching more aspects of
their citizens' lives, but those in the private sector are increasing
surveillance of people as well. Often lost in the race to "increase
intelligence" are discussions about different approaches to address
problems like the threat of terrorism that are equally or more
effective, but do not involve extensive and constant surveillance.
In addition to topics directly related to the Panopticon 2005 theme,
other areas of interest include:
1. domestic and international travel issues
2. communications surveillance
3. children and young adults growing up in a surveillance society
4. social networking
5. the flourishing of free speech (i.e. blogging) in spite of increased
6. RFIDs and other emerging technologies
7. Intellectual property issues
We are seeking proposals for tutorials, plenary sessions, workshops,
and birds-of-a-feather sessions. We are also seeking suggestions for
speakers and other relevant topics not listed above. Sessions should
present a wide range of thinking on a topic by including speakers from
different viewpoints. We particularly welcome proposals for non-
traditional presentations - those that utilize drama, "mock trials,"
interactivity, the performing arts, and audience participation.
Complete submission instructions appear on the CFP2005 web site:
        All submissions must be received by December 31, 2004.  The CFP2005
Program Committee will notify submitters of the status of their
proposals by January 20, 2005.
Note: you have received this mailing because you were an attendee at
a previous CFP conference or because you have requested information
about CFP.
If you wish to be removed from our mailing list, please send your
request to:    remove at cfp2005.org    and be sure to note the exact email
address at which you received this communication so we can purge it
from the list.
Please address all other queries to:  feedback at cfp2005.org. Please do
not respond to the address on this announcement; mail to this address
is discarded without being read.
--- end forwarded text
