
@_date: 1997-12-22 17:58:49
@_author: Secret Squirrel 
@_subject: Coercive Monopolism vs Wimpyness 
I use Linux primarily. People still buy Winblows for the same reasons I
bought Winblows 95.
Want to play a game from the store? Windows 95.
Want to install a new image in your Flash RAM on your motherboard? DOS
(Windows 95).
Want to have vendor-produced drivers? Windows 95.
Want to parse MS Turd documents? Windows 95 and MS Office.
Want to use a Windows-specific bullshit class registration system at your
university? Windows 95.
Want to run that program your mother sends you and wants you to run? She
uses Windows 95 because it was preinstalled on her machine, so you must use
Windows 95 too.
Some kind of bizarre hardware which the manufactuers won't release specs
for? (The AWE32 is a good example. Eventually somebody got pissed and
reverse engineered it.) Windows 95.
Happened to buy a printer? It won't say "Yes! It works with Ghostscript!" In
fact it won't say anything about hardware compatability. It'll just say
"Windows drivers included" along with a list of a bunch of software that I
don't want and don't need. So if it happens that the printer is
nonstandard...Windows 95.
Have a bunch of people in the office who don't care about platform
compatability and pass around Windows-specific document types or programs?
Windows 95.
Have a bunch of people in the office who, simply because Windows and
sometimes MacOS are taught as "computer education" in many universities and
public schools can't use anything else? Windows 95.
Have to use a university computer lab? The machines are probably running
Windows 95. So you wind up with an incentive to use Windows 95 elsewhere.
So...again, Windows 95.
Want to have a working copy of PGP 5.0 while everybody else has started
sending out DH-encrypted/signed messages and rolled DH keys? Windows 95.
(Yeah, yeah. The source was released in book form.)
This goes on and on and on. Sure there are counter arguments for these but
it gets real touchy real quick. Ever try to pressure a game company into
releasing Linux versions? Ever try to pressure an applications company to
release Linux versions? Explanation and analysis:
Microsoft spends millions on marketting. Linux, BSD, et al. simply don't
have a massive marketting machine. The PC rags and TV shows like CNet are
supported by Windows applications, Windows games, Microsoft, and
platform-specific web sites. Microsoft has no qualms about outright lying in its marketting material.
Look at the messages which display during Windows 95 installation for a good
example. "What you want to do, and more, is now possible." Yeah. What if I
want to have a decent telnet client? What if I want to have tons of free
software? They don't qualify the statement, yet the Microsoft lackies think
that Microsoft would never lie and it must be true.
The Windows interface is "point and drool." This has the effect of
attracting every lazy person possible. I say "lazy" because it's basically
no work to remember "rm" rather than "left click and drag to the recycle
bin." These people don't know how *anything* works on even the most basic
level. The Linux/BSD/whatever developers aren't going to make an interface
like that because they're competent, aren't trying to make money, don't want
to cripple their platform with it, and they don't necessarily want to
attract these people. Generally speaking, as "da web" has proven, if it
takes no brains to use something people with no brain will be attracted to
it in great numbers.
Microsoft, their friends, and some of their enemies did everything they
possibly could to break the web. HTML was designed as a relatively simple,
platform independant method of storing information. The idea was that you
could go throw in an image, but it was supposed to *augment* the message,
not *be* the message. And regardless of what you did the page was supposed
to be viewable from a text terminal. Netscape started by adding non-standard extensions to HTML, in effect
encouraging people to make Netscape-specific web pages. Netscape Gold and
other "web page designers" encourage people to release platform-specific web
pages -- they *should* throw an error if somebody puts in an unnamed link.
Then of course we had stuff like server-side image maps. And we have pages
with frames which are impossible to correctly display in a text mode, and
which bitch and moan and suggest you download Microsoft Internet Explorer or
Netscape Navigator/Communicator to read it. And I've seen pages which are
nothing but graphics files -- but hey, they're okay because they display
correctly in MSIE or Netscape.
Microsoft continues its little jihad by perverting Java, which is supposed
to be another platform-independant language, into a Windows-specific
language. While they were at it both Microsoft and Netscape decided to start
slinging HTML and nonstandard MIME types all over email and news postings.
When you buy a prebuilt computer in most cases you don't have a choice. You
have to get Windows 95, MSIE, and whatever other crap they decide to pile
on. Normally this wouldn't be a problem and you would just go to another
vendor but just about every single vendor is like this. When you buy hardware you pay for all sorts of Windows software. So now you
have all kinds of (bad) Windows software, so there's another reason to
use Windows. Microsoft knows this. For example, when you buy a scanner you
get Windows software for it, absolutely no design specs, no compatability
list, and in many cases they flat-out *won't* release design specs. When you call for technical support many (most?) places tell you to do
something like this: "Okay. Go click on the 'My Computer' icon--" "Uh, I run
Linux." "Uh, we don't support that." (Hint: It was a *hardware* problem,
*not* a software problem, but go boot up into Windows just so we know it was
broken. Oh, and you better have the latest version because that's all we
Many vendors only release drivers for whatever the latest and greatest
version of Winblows is going to be. Windows 3.1 drivers are starting to get
scarce. DOS drivers are basically nonexistant. Say, for instance, you
purchase or receive Windows NT Workstation 4.0. You then go out and buy an
AWE64. Creative Labs has stated that they aren't releasing a decent AWE64
driver for NT 4.0, but instead are targetting it at NT 5.0.
Compare this with the UNIX world where, for the most part, things are
platform independant and people like platform compatability. Most of the
time I can run something on Linux which I can run on BSD which I can run on
SunOS, etc.

@_date: 1997-12-23 16:16:18
@_author: Secret Squirrel 
@_subject: Get your Anthrax shots 
How'd you pull that one off? All kinds of personal information, including
your name, is included in medical records which the doctors have to keep up
to date and reference. When you go in you'd have to give them your name.
Now on the other hand I suppose you could go in, say you don't have
insurance, give a fake name, and pay in cash always. It would still be
trivial to ambush you at a scheduled doctor appointment. And I think
Klintonkov has done a good job of discouraging privately funded medical care.

@_date: 1997-12-25 03:06:32
@_author: Secret Squirrel 
@_subject: Best Cypherpunk War Text 
The "lock and load," "Best Cypherpunk long gun" and other similar threads
have gotten me thinking.
Can any fellow Cypherpunks suggest any books or documents on the net
concerning urban warfare, generic non-urban warfare (e.g. plains),
differences between weapons, suggestions, etc. Basically a survivalist's
almanac, I suppose.
Threat model: For whatever reason the U.S. just collapsed. Civil war is
imminent and there is little or no civility in the streets.

@_date: 1997-12-26 02:58:51
@_author: Secret Squirrel 
@_subject: Best Cypherpunk War Text 
Baaaaaaaah humbug. Let me rephrase that:
They've restricted some of them and want full names, addresses, military
unit, SSNs, phone numbers, etc. Does anybody have a mirror of *those*
specific documents somewhere?

@_date: 1997-12-26 06:59:16
@_author: Secret Squirrel 
@_subject: Cypherpunks IRC Christmas Eve Party 
I suggest we schedule another one for New Year's Day. New Year's Eve is when
everybody parties and gets drunk. Also, is there any way to IRC anonymously? The situation is complicated by
the fact that IRC, like any real-time communications system, requires
real-time stream connections which are traceable back to their sources.
CROWDS isn't advanced enough or designed to hide arbitrary TCP/IP traffic,
though it could have been.

@_date: 1997-12-28 04:27:03
@_author: Secret Squirrel 
@_subject: Kwanzaa hijacked by white businesses... [CNN] 
By extension what would happen if a white guy called for black people to be
banned from any given thing? They'd be called a racist and run out of town,
sued, and everything else.
I spit on political correctness and affirmative action, and I'm not a racist
or sexist either.

@_date: 1998-08-17 14:06:53
@_author: Secret Squirrel 
@_subject: European freedoms... 
How come that the fraction of Americans in prison is ten times higher
than the fraction of West Europeans?

@_date: 1998-02-09 07:24:29
@_author: Secret Squirrel 
@_subject: Zero Knowledge Access 
Dumbfuck Rimjob (Dr.) Dimitri Vulis fucks apes with a spiked metal pole on the weekends and dreams of someone doing it to him.
Buttfuck on, Dimitri.

@_date: 1998-02-21 10:13:01
@_author: Secret Squirrel 
@_subject: Vile Vial Files 
I tried to buy some chemicals down here with cash about six months ago. They
tried everything they could to get me to write a check and in the end I
stormed out of the building, leaving the merchandise on the counter. I
haven't been back yet, and there's probably a good chance that the security
camera footage was sent to the FBI. Come to think of it, that would explain
some rather wierd incidents I've observed since then.
People say that the only reason to pay in cash is if you have something to
hide. You're damned right. The last thing I want is a bunch of government shills keeping track of what I buy so that they can stage some raid because they have a record of me paying for a beaker "which could be used" to mix chemicals which "could be used" as explosives, or metal "which could be used" to make thermite which "could be used" for some nefarious purpose.
In America today if you have interests in biology, chemistry, or physics it
is considered grounds by both the government and the pathetic sheep to shoot
you. Pardon me if I'm a little bit paranoid these days. It used to be
intellectuals were just beat up and made fun of by the others in schools.
Now it's fashionable to throw them in jail or kill them. "Unauthorized and illegitimate research:" what a stupid concept.
The American people consider anybody who does things in secret to be
automatically guilty. Forget the principles that America was founded on! When the government sends the ninjas into your home because you were going 56 mph
when you passed a cop on the highway and looked over at him the wrong way
they sieze your computer. They find that you're running Linux. Oooh, you
must be evil because your computer is password protected but the Microshaft
apologist across the hall has his computer wide open. They find that you
have blocks of random data on your drive, and even if they don't get them
decrypted because they *ARE* blocks of completely random data they wave it
in front of a jury and get a guilty verdict.
It's a sad, sad state of affairs.
It is when I read things like this that I realize how completely stupid the
entire government position is. Why do you need to buy ammonium nitrate to
make a bomb?
Assuming you just don't use something else which is more effective, why not
do this?
 NH OH + HNO --> NH NO  + H O
   3        3      3  3    2
So this naturally leads to the following question: Is having nitric acid and
ammonium hydroxide now a crime worthy of ninjas flying through your windows
with big guns in the middle of the night and shooting you because "you
looked like you were going for a weapon" when you flushed the toilet and
pulled your pants up?
Then if they don't have anything to charge you with they plant some drugs in
your toilet tank and claim that you were in "possession of drugs with
intention to distribute." Of course you were going to distribute them! You
had a truck and you frequently drove around! Exactly. Welcome to the shakedown extortion police state known as Amerika,
Land of the Freeh.

@_date: 1998-02-22 03:31:35
@_author: Secret Squirrel 
@_subject: Vile Vial Files 
I tried to buy some chemicals down here with cash about six months ago. They
tried everything they could to get me to write a check and in the end I
stormed out of the building, leaving the merchandise on the counter. I
haven't been back yet, and there's probably a good chance that the security
camera footage was sent to the FBI. Come to think of it, that would explain
some rather wierd incidents I've observed since then.
People say that the only reason to pay in cash is if you have something to
hide. You're damned right. The last thing I want is a bunch of government shills keeping track of what I buy so that they can stage some raid because they have a record of me paying for a beaker "which could be used" to mix chemicals which "could be used" as explosives, or metal "which could be used" to make thermite which "could be used" for some nefarious purpose.
In America today if you have interests in biology, chemistry, or physics it
is considered grounds by both the government and the pathetic sheep to shoot
you. Pardon me if I'm a little bit paranoid these days. It used to be
intellectuals were just beat up and made fun of by the others in schools.
Now it's fashionable to throw them in jail or kill them. "Unauthorized and illegitimate research:" what a stupid concept.
The American people consider anybody who does things in secret to be
automatically guilty. Forget the principles that America was founded on! When the government sends the ninjas into your home because you were going 56 mph
when you passed a cop on the highway and looked over at him the wrong way
they sieze your computer. They find that you're running Linux. Oooh, you
must be evil because your computer is password protected but the Microshaft
apologist across the hall has his computer wide open. They find that you
have blocks of random data on your drive, and even if they don't get them
decrypted because they *ARE* blocks of completely random data they wave it
in front of a jury and get a guilty verdict.
It's a sad, sad state of affairs.
It is when I read things like this that I realize how completely stupid the
entire government position is. Why do you need to buy ammonium nitrate to
make a bomb?
Assuming you just don't use something else which is more effective, why not
do this?
 NH OH + HNO --> NH NO  + H O
   3        3      3  3    2
So this naturally leads to the following question: Is having nitric acid and
ammonium hydroxide now a crime worthy of ninjas flying through your windows
with big guns in the middle of the night and shooting you because "you
looked like you were going for a weapon" when you flushed the toilet and
pulled your pants up?
Then if they don't have anything to charge you with they plant some drugs in
your toilet tank and claim that you were in "possession of drugs with
intention to distribute." Of course you were going to distribute them! You
had a truck and you frequently drove around! Exactly. Welcome to the shakedown extortion police state known as Amerika,
Land of the Freeh.

@_date: 1998-02-22 03:58:05
@_author: Secret Squirrel 
@_subject: DLing from Replay.com 
Perhaps someone from this list would be kind enough to explain to the
obviously ignorant just how one manages to DL from replay.com without encountering the following problem:
I have tried DLing this file (and others) from more than one server, and at different times, but encounter the same error each time, so obviously I don't know what I am doing. Any help would be appreciated. Thanks in advance!

@_date: 1998-01-05 02:53:27
@_author: Secret Squirrel 
@_subject: Microsoft 
Usually when somebody says something like that they're refering more to
Microsoft indirectly borking them. For instance, people send around MS Turd
documents. You have to buy MS Turd. Some Windows lamers send out HTML email.
Many (most?) are clueless on USENET. Many (most?) don't like to type at all,
and choke and die when they get into an environment where they have to.
People walk into computer labs and are stuck with the pathetic environment
that is Windows. And this doesn't even count the "Everyone is running
Windows" and "Everything is da web" folks.
It wouldn't be so bad if there was full source to everything and it didn't
cost an arm and a leg, or if it didn't suck. But there isn't, it does, and
that's putting it mildly.
I can hear the cries of "You're anti-business!" and "You're just a UNIX
weenie!" already. I just remember back when the average net user had
somewhat of a clue. When the network went "to the masses" and people went
out of their way to make it point and click the drooling lemmings were
attracted to it. And of course where the drooling lemmings go the people who
take advantage of the drooling lemmings follow, e.g. spammers.
My attitude about this pretty much went down the toilet when I was called a
"UNIX weenie" because I suggested that a Windows user deliver his own mail
while the ISP's SMTP server was down. Then of course the Windows flamer
decided to start denouncing the very notion of RFCs, then started rambling
about POP3 and IMAP. And of course I implied "that we all run UNIX" because
I used the word "daemon" -- yeah, apparently Windows is so bad that this
user didn't even know it *could* run background processes.
No, I wasn't the original writer, but I see where the original author was
coming from...I think. Yes, I use Linux. Yes, I remember MAKE.MONEY.FAST but
it was nothing like the spam we get today and was few and far between.

@_date: 1998-01-09 17:56:14
@_author: Secret Squirrel 
@_subject: a good example of bad crypto hype 
Bawahahahaha. That's the biggest bunch of complete bullshit I've read in
years. Thanks, Meganet, you made my night. They must be smoking crack and a
lot of it.

@_date: 1998-01-12 08:44:04
@_author: Secret Squirrel 
@_subject: Spam 
Since even many of the major sites these days seem to be run by a bunch of
idiots who don't care that they destroy the network so long as they make a
buck. 1) Trash mail from throwaway account providers like Juno (which I notice
you're using), Hotmail, AOL, Prodigy, MSN, and anybody who offers something
like a "fifty hours free spamming" policy.
2) Trash mail from chronic problem sites like AGIS, Earthlink, Worldnet, and
their ilk.
3) If you get a flame for a civilized spam complaint (zippo.com did this to
me) trash the mail from the site on the grounds that they're idiots.
4) If you get an incredibly stupid set of responses like I got from IBM
today kill mail from them on the grounds that they have no idea what they're
5) If it comes in with an obviously forged address then trash it. This has
the possibly beneficial side effect of killing mail from "legitimate" users
who purposefully use invalid addresses.
6) If it uses a relay site in one domain but comes from another trash it. A
good example would be spam mail which is relayed off of someplace.com.au but
has a "From" header which points to someplace.edu.tw, and has some other
received lines which point to a dialup at MCI.
7) If it overuses punctuation in the subject line such as "!!!!!" then trash
8) If it comes in with a bunch of bogus IP addresses in the header then
trash it.
9) If it's in HTML then trash it.
10) If it has lines over 80 characters nuke it.
11) If it comes in more than twice nuke it.

@_date: 1998-01-22 13:16:30
@_author: Secret Squirrel 
@_subject: Latest smartcard software 
Sounds like Microsoft. No, really. I'm dead serious.
Like it or not, people have to use Mickeysoft crap sooner or later. Want to
read that document? Read that email? Run that program? Purchase things
(software which runs)? It's garbage. I know it's garbage. Many of us here know it's garbage. But we have to use it anyway. Compare this to the smartcard as proposed like this:
I know it's garbage. Many of us here know it's garbage. But we have to use
it anyway. Want to read that document? Read that email? Access that computer
system? Drive your car? Get in your house? Get through a toll booth? Enter
or leave the country? Better make sure your papers are in order.
The high-tech American Leviathan is already in place. The problem is that
it'll just get worse because the sheeple are, by definition, naked, stupid,
and blind.

@_date: 1998-01-23 07:43:40
@_author: Secret Squirrel 
@_subject: Cybersitter censors code 
Find out who it is and fire his ass for sabotage of the company computer
systems.

@_date: 1998-01-25 08:47:31
@_author: Secret Squirrel 
@_subject: Poll shows Bill G. popular & MS monopoly supported [CNN] 
Why not? The morons can't even write HTML, even *with* the help of some
"HTML authoring kit." If they could we wouldn't be greeted with image maps,
unnamed links, unnamed inline images every 5 words, frames, broken CGI
So I, at least, wouldn't find it surprising. The sheeple are blind, naked,
and shit stupid.

@_date: 1998-01-28 13:06:23
@_author: Secret Squirrel 
@_subject: State of the Union Address 
It looks like the original poster grabbed two of the simplest acids and
bases he could find and plugged them into the question. HCl is usually provided in an aqueous solution. NaOH is a solid. In those
two states they'll combine quite well with each other. The "explosion and a
big mess" would come from somebody just chucking a lot of both chemicals
together without any regard what is going on. I think Anonymous was more interested in what products were produced and how much of each were produced, and then made the mistake of assuming that the
chemist had enough brains not to go chuck two reactive chemicals together
without the competence to run through the necessary calculations. Throwing together any amount of any chemicals without knowing what you're
doing is a very bad idea. It's a good way to "accidentally" produce chlorine
gas, carbon monoxide, or worse. If you don't know what you're doing or you
aren't at least minimally competent and take appropriate safety precautions,
keep it on paper.
Personally, I steer clear of college and high school chemistry labs for this
reason. I watched some idiot produce chlorine gas back in high school,
though thankfully not in any really, really dangerous quantities.
NaOH + HCl ---> NaCl + H O
                        2
It's a nice, simple reaction. To answer the question the student would have
to know the atomic masses of chlorine, hydrogen, oxygen, and sodium, but
that could easily be gleaned off a periodic table provided the student was
competent enough to ask for one if he needed it. I doubt most college chemistry professors would analyze it that well either,
to tell you the truth. They'd give the question and it's assumed that the
necessary steps are taken to ensure a reaction (if any). Of course "normal
circumstances" is kind of a wide area.
The question should have been worded more like this:
11) Michelle mixes one gram of HCl and one half gram of NaOH. The HCl is
dissolved in water. Assuming that Michelle is competent enough to avoid
blowing herself across the room or destroying the lab, what are the products
and in what quantities are they produced?
