
@_date: 2003-12-18 03:01:07
@_author: Anonymous Sender 
@_subject: U.S. in violation of Geneva convention? 
The propaganda mills were working for Saddam, not against him.
"Over the last dozen years I made 13 trips to Baghdad to lobby the government to keep CNN's Baghdad bureau open and to arrange interviews with Iraqi leaders. Each time I visited, I became more distressed by what I saw and heard - awful things that could not be reported because doing so would have jeopardized the lives of Iraqis, particularly those on our Baghdad staff."
"It appears there is another, more troubling, reason Jordan decided not to report these hideous crimes until the regime was safely out of the way: CNN didn't want to lose its on-the-ground access to a big story."
Human Rights Watch, Amnesty, and countless Iraqi refugees all report similar stories of widespread torture and murder.  Is it your position that these are all propagandists?
Dismissing as "propaganda" any reports that oppose your argument, while accepting as truth any claim that supports it, is simple intellectual dishonesty.

@_date: 2003-07-20 23:50:04
@_author: Anonymous Sender 
@_subject: Unsubtle Wetwork 
This is slightly off the topic ...
Some calculations done before by people who understand money flows (and
are not at the same time priests of the Official Economy) show similar
To me, this is a plausible explanation for the current domestic support
of the US government. A majority of population (75% ? 90% ?) actually
lives on ability of the US government to incur this debt and, having
sufficient military power, not have to pay it back. The collusion with
the government is much deeper than simple power of propaganda.
Those who actually earn their standard of living (ie. their business is
not contigent, directly or indirectly, upon US military supremacy) are
the minority. This is the most fundamental transformation of the US
society - massive recruitment by the government.

@_date: 2003-06-07 06:06:29
@_author: Anonymous Sender 
@_subject: Maybe It's Snake Oil All the Way Down 
Why do you say that?  You were already given pointers to how they
could configure their web servers to use certificate based client
authentication.  These techniques work with standard browsers.  I have
used Netscape to access corporate-internal sites which required me to
have a client certificate.
HTTPS is just HTTP over SSL/TLS.  It says nothing about the trust model
for the certificates; it merely specifies how each side can deliver its
cert(s) to the other side.  Deciding which ones to trust is out of scope
for TLS or HTTPS.
E-Gold could set things up to allow its customers to authenticate with
certs issued by Verisign, or with considerably more work it could even
issue certs itself that could be used for customer authentication.
Why doesn't it do so?  Well, it's a lot of work, and it would have some
disadvantages - for one thing, customers would have difficulty accessing
their accounts from multiple sites, like at home and at work.  Further,
it would require customers to use some features of their browser that most
of them have never seen, which is going to be difficult and error-prone
for most users.

@_date: 2003-11-09 22:32:48
@_author: Anonymous Sender 
@_subject: Stanford security conference 
This looks interesting:
Stanford Law School Media Release
For Immediate Release: Thursday, October 30, 2003
CALIFORNIA ATTORNEY GENERAL BILL LOCKYER TO ADDRESS
CYBERSECURITY AND VULNERABILITY DISCLOSURE AT
STANFORD LAW SCHOOL
Conference at Stanford Law School, Saturday November 22, 2003, 8:00 a.m.
to 6:00 p.m.
Early registration deadline is Nov 1, 2003.
Reported computer security breaches have almost doubled since last year,
and the vast majority go unreported. In two high profile incidents
earlier this year, hackers downloaded U.S. Navy credit card numbers and a
worm paralyzed Bank of America's ATM network.
In July, California became the first state to require businesses to
notify consumers if hackers illegally obtain their personal information
from company databases.
California Attorney General Bill Lockyer will talk about enforcing this
measure and other initiatives to achieve Internet security in the face of
increasingly severe breaches of computer systems. His talk is part of a
day-long conference hosted by the Stanford Law School Center for Internet
and Society.
Lockyer will join twenty top high-tech executives, encryption experts,
and law professors, who will propose ways that technology vendors, their
customers, government officials, researchers, and consumers can
accelerate vulnerability research, computer security, and consumer
privacy protection.
The conference discussion will occur against the backdrop of a national
debate as to how to respond to growing threats to cyberspace, and how to
balance security needs against heightened exposure and the disclosure of
proprietary information. On the one side are those who seek a federal
measure like the one in California that mandates disclosure of security
vulnerabilities. On the other are those who believe that non-disclosure
("security through obscurity") better protects privacy while continuing
to enable research and development.
The conference brings people from both camps together with technical
experts to hammer out solutions and recommend policy for both industry
and government.
Other speakers include:
Matt Blaze, AT&T
Mary Ann Davidson, Oracle
David L. Dill, Professor of Computer Science, Stanford University
James Duncan, Cisco
Gerhard Eschelbeck, Qualys
Stephanie Fohn, Consultant
Tiina Havana, Oulu University Secure Programming Group (OUSPG), Finland
Shawn Hernan, CERT
Steven B. Lipner, Microsoft
David Litchfield, NGSSoftware
Simple Nomad, NMRC, Bindview
Len Sassaman, Anonymizer
Bruce Schneier, Counterpane
Peter P. Swire, Professor of Law at Ohio State University
Hal Varian, Professor, University of California, Berkeley
Vincent Weafer, Symantec
Stephen Wu, InfoSec Law Group
Chris Wysopal, About Stanford Law School Center for Internet and Society (CIS):
CIS is a public interest technology law and policy program within the
umbrella Law, Science and Technology Program at Stanford Law School. CIS
convenes scholars, legislators, programmers, security researchers,
scientists and students to study the interaction between new technologies
and the law, and determine how the synergy between the two can either
promote or harm the public good. CIS works to advance technology and
shape the direction of the law to protect free speech, privacy, public
commons, diversity, and scientific inquiry.
Center for Internet and Society Contact Information:
Jennifer Granick, Executive Director, CIS, 650/724-0014,
jennifer at law.stanford.edu
Lauren Gelman, Assistant Director, CIS, 650/724-3358, gelman at stanford.edu
Bill Lockyer's keynote address is scheduled from 12:15 p.m to 1:45 p.m.
For a complete schedule of sessions, and to register for this event
online, go to: This event is free to the media. To obtain a press pass and reserve press
seating, please contact:
Judith Romero, Assistant Director of Communication for Stanford Law
School, 650/723-2232 or judith.romero at stanford.edu
About Stanford CIS:
The Center for Internet and Society (CIS) is a public interest
technology law and policy program at Stanford Law School and a part  of
Law, Science and Technology Program at Stanford Law School. The  CIS
brings together scholars, academics, legislators, students,
programmers, security researchers, and scientists to study the
interaction of new technologies and the law and to examine how the
synergy between the two can either promote or harm public goods like
free speech, privacy, public commons, diversity, and scientific
inquiry. The CIS strives as well to improve both technology and law,
encouraging decision makers to design both as a means to further
democratic values.
                            -end-

@_date: 2004-12-15 02:55:27
@_author: Anonymous Sender 
@_subject: Police given computer spy powers 
Police given computer spy powers
("smhguy/pass" to access)
By Rob O'Neill
December 13, 2004
Federal and state police now have the power to use computer spyware to gather evidence in a broad range of investigations after legal changes last week.
The Surveillance Devices Act allows police to obtain a warrant to use software surveillance technologies, including systems that track and log keystrokes on a computer keyboard. The law applies to the Australian Federal Police and to state police investigating Commonwealth offences.
Critics have called the law rushed and imbalanced, saying police will be able to secretly install software to monitor email, online chats, word processor and spreadsheets entries and even bank personal identification numbers and passwords.
Irene Graham, executive director of watchdog Electronic Frontiers Australia, said the law went too far in allowing police surveillance.
"The legislation has been passed without the proper scrutiny and the ALP is too afraid to stick to their guns and oppose it," she said.
Ms Graham also believed the act could override parts of the Telecommunications Interception Act, which tightly regulated telecommunications monitoring.
A spokesperson for the federal Attorney-General, Philip Ruddock, denied this, saying the act specifically said it should not be read to override the Telecommunications Interception Act.
The spokesperson said there were protections in the legislation, including reporting to Parliament and allowing reviews by the Ombudsman.
In addition to redefining the kinds of surveillance devices that can be used, the Surveillance Devices Act allows surveillance for offences far less serious than those allowed under the Telecommunications Interception Act. Warrants to intercept telecommunications can only be obtained to investigate offences carrying a maximum jail term of seven years or more. However, Surveillance Devices Act warrants can be obtained for offences carrying a maximum sentence of three years.
Ms Graham said the three-year benchmark was too low and the act went too far in setting out circumstances in which police could use surveillance devices.
A warrant could be obtained under the act if an officer had reasonable grounds to suspect an offence had been or might be committed and a surveillance device was necessary to obtain evidence. They can also be obtained in child recovery cases.
The act also has secrecy provisions making it an offence to publish information on an application for, or the existence of, a surveillance warrant.
The Government said the act would consolidate and modernise the law. Mr Ruddock said the power of Commonwealth law enforcement using surveillance devices lagged behind what technology made possible and what was permitted in other jurisdictions.
However, Electronic Frontiers is concerned that key-logging software can even record words written and then deleted or changed and thoughts that are not intended for communication.

@_date: 2005-11-13 03:05:05
@_author: Anonymous Sender 
@_subject: Iraq Stories 
Hello to all my fellow gunners, military buffs, veterans and interested
guys. A couple of weekends ago I got to spend time with my son Jordan,
who was on his first leave since returning from Iraq. He is well (a
little thin), and already bored. He will be returning to Iraq for a
second tour in early 06 and has already re-enlisted early for 4 more
years. He loves the Marine Corps and is actually looking forward to
returning to Iraq.
Jordan spent 7 months at Camp Blue Diamond in Ramadi. Aka: Fort Apache.
He saw and did a lot and the following is what he told me about weapons,
equipment, tactics and other miscellaneous info which may be of interest
to you. Nothing is by any means classified. No politics here, just a
Marine with a birds eye views opinions:
1) The M-16 rifle : Thumbs down. Chronic jamming problems with the
talcum powder like sand over there. The sand is everywhere. Jordan says
you feel filthy 2 minutes after coming out of the shower. The M-4
carbine version is more popular because its lighter and shorter, but it
has jamming problems also. They like the ability to mount the various
optical gunsights and weapons lights on the picattiny rails, but the
weapon itself is not great in a desert environment. They all hate the
5.56mm (.223) round. Poor penetration on the cinderblock structure
common over there and even torso hits cant be reliably counted on to put
the enemy down. Fun fact: Random autopsies on dead insurgents shows a
high level of opiate use.
2) The M243 SAW (squad assault weapon): .223 cal. Drum fed light machine
gun. Big thumbs down. Universally considered a piece of ****. Chronic
jamming problems, most of which require partial disassembly. (that fun
in the middle of a firefight).
3) The M9 Beretta 9mm: Mixed bag. Good gun, performs well in desert
environment; but they all hate the 9mm cartridge. The use of handguns
for self-defense is actually fairly common. Same old story on the 9mm:
Bad guys hit multiple times and still in the fight.
4) Mossberg 12ga. Military shotgun: Works well, used frequently for
clearing houses to good effect.
5) The M240 Machine Gun: 7.62 Nato (.308) cal. belt fed machine gun,
developed to replace the old M-60 (what a beautiful weapon that was!!).
Thumbs up. Accurate, reliable, and the 7.62 round puts em down.
Originally developed as a vehicle mounted weapon, more and more are
being dismounted and taken into the field by infantry. The 7.62 round
chews up the structure over there.
6) The M2 .50 cal heavy machine gun: Thumbs way, way up. Ma deuce is
still worth her considerable weight in gold. The ultimate fight stopper,
puts their dicks in the dirt every time. The most coveted weapon
7) The .45 pistol: Thumbs up. Still the best pistol round out there.
Everybody authorized to carry a sidearm is trying to get their hands on
one. With few exceptions, can reliably be expected to put em down with a
torso hit. The special ops guys (who are doing most of the pistol work)
use the HK military model and supposedly love it. The old government
model .45s are being re-issued en masse.
8) The M-14: Thumbs up. They are being re-issued in bulk, mostly in a
modified version to special ops guys. Modifications include lightweight
Kevlar stocks and low power red dot or ACOG sights. Very reliable in the
sandy environment, and they love the 7.62 round.
9) The Barrett .50 cal sniper rifle: Thumbs way up. Spectacular range
and accuracy and hits like a freight train. Used frequently to take out
vehicle suicide bombers ( we actually stop a lot of them) and barricaded
enemy. Definitely here to stay.
10) The M24 sniper rifle: Thumbs up. Mostly in .308 but some in 300 win
mag. Heavily modified Remington 700s. Great performance. Snipers have
been used heavily to great effect. Rumor has it that a marine sniper on
his third tour in Anbar province has actually exceeded Carlos Hathcocks
record for confirmed kills with OVER 100.
11) The new body armor: Thumbs up. Relatively light at approx. 6 lbs.
and can reliably be expected to soak up small shrapnel and even will
stop an AK-47 round. The bad news: Hot as **** to wear, almost
unbearable in the summer heat (which averages over 120 degrees). Also,
the enemy now goes for head shots whenever possible. All the bull****
about the old body armor making our guys vulnerable to the IEDs was a
non-starter. The IED explosions are enormous and body armor doesn't make
any difference at all in most cases.
12) Night Vision and Infrared Equipment: Thumbs way up. Spectacular
performance. Our guys see in the dark and own the night, period. Very
little enemy action after evening prayers. More and more enemy being
whacked at night during movement by our hunter-killer teams. Weve all
seen the videos.
13) Lights: Thumbs up. Most of the weapon mounted and personal lights
are Surefires, and the troops love em. Invaluable for night urban
operations. Jordan carried a $34 Surefire G2 on a neck lanyard and loved
I cant help but notice that most of the good fighting weapons and
ordnance are 50 or more years old!!!!!!!!! With all our technology, its
the WWII and Vietnam era weapons that everybody wants!!!! The infantry
fighting is frequent, up close and brutal. No quarter is given or shown.
Bad guy weapons:
1) Mostly AK47s . The entire country is an arsenal. Works better in the
desert than the M16 and the .308 Russian round kills reliably. PKM belt
fed light machine guns are also common and effective. Luckily, the enemy
mostly shoots like ****. Undisciplined spray and pray type fire.
However, they are seeing more and more precision weapons, especially
sniper rifles. (Iran, again) Fun fact: Captured enemy have apparently
marveled at the marksmanship of our guys and how hard they fight. They
are apparently told in Jihad school that the Americans rely solely on
technology, and can be easily beaten in close quarters combat for their
lack of toughness. Lets just say they know better now.
2) The RPG: Probably the infantry weapon most feared by our guys.
Simple, reliable and as common as dog****. The enemy responded to our
up-armored humvees by aiming at the windshields, often at point blank
range. Still killing a lot of our guys.
3) The IED: The biggest killer of all. Can be anything from old Soviet
anti-armor mines to jury rigged artillery shells. A lot found in Jordans
area were in abandoned cars. The enemy would take 2 or 3 155mm artillery
shells and wire them together. Most were detonated by cell phone, and
the explosions are enormous. You're not safe in any vehicle, even an M1
tank. Driving is by far the most dangerous thing our guys do over there.
Lately, they are much more sophisticated shape charges (Iranian)
specifically designed to penetrate armor. Fact: Most of the ready made
IEDs are supplied by Iran, who is also providing terrorists (Hezbollah
types) to train the insurgents in their use and tactics. Thats why the
attacks have been so deadly lately. Their concealment methods are
ingenious, the latest being shape charges in Styrofoam containers spray
painted to look like the cinderblocks that litter all Iraqi roads. We
find about 40% before they detonate, and the bomb disposal guys are
unsung heroes of this war.
4) Mortars and rockets: Very prevalent. The soviet era 122mm rockets
(with an 18km range) are becoming more prevalent. One of Jordans NCOs
lost a leg to one. These weapons cause a lot of damage inside the wire.
Jordans base was hit almost daily his entire time there by mortar and
rocket fire, often at night to disrupt sleep patterns and cause fatigue
(It did). More of a psychological weapon than anything else. The enemy
mortar teams would jump out of vehicles, fire a few rounds, and then
haul ass in a matter of seconds.
5) Bad guy technology: Simple yet effective. Most communication is by
cell and satellite phones, and also by email on laptops. They use
handheld GPS units for navigation and Google earth for overhead views of
our positions. Their weapons are good, if not fancy, and prevalent.
Their explosives and bomb technology is TOP OF THE LINE. Night vision is
rare. They are very careless with their equipment and the captured GPS
units and laptops are treasure troves of Intel when captured.
Bad Guy Tactics:
When they are engaged on an infantry level they get their asses kicked
every time. Brave, but stupid. Suicidal Banzai-type charges were very
common earlier in the war and still occur. They will literally sacrifice
8-10 man teams in suicide squads by sending them screaming and firing
Aks and RPGs directly at our bases just to probe the defenses. They get
mowed down like grass every time. ( see the M2 and M240 above). Jordans
base was hit like this often. When engaged, they have a tendency to flee
to the same building, probably for what they think will be a glorious
last stand. Instead, we call in air and thats the end of that more often
than not. These hole-ups are referred to as Alpha Whiskey Romeos (Allahs
Waiting Room). We have the laser guided ground-air thing down to a
science. The fast movers, mostly Marine F-18s, are taking an ever
increasing toll on the enemy. When caught out in the open, the
helicopter gunships and AC-130 Spectre gunships cut them to ribbons with
cannon and rocket fire, especially at night. Interestingly, artillery is
hardly used at all. Fun fact: The enemy death toll is supposedly between
45-50 thousand. That is why were seeing less and less infantry attacks
and more IED, suicide bomber ****. The new strategy is simple:
The insurgent tactic most frustrating is their use of civilian
non-combatants as cover. They know we do all we can to avoid civilian
casualties and therefore schools, hospitals and (especially) Mosques are
locations where they meet, stage for attacks, cache weapons and ammo and
flee to when engaged. They have absolutely no regard whatsoever for
civilian casualties. They will terrorize locals and murder without
hesitation anyone believed to be sympathetic to the Americans or the new
Iraqi govt. Kidnapping of family members (especially children) is common
to influence people they are trying to influence but cant reach, such as
local govt. officials, clerics, tribal leaders, etc.).
The first thing our guys are told is don't get captured. They know that
if captured they will be tortured and beheaded on the internet. Zarqawi
openly offers bounties for anyone who brings him a live American
serviceman. This motivates the criminal element who otherwise don't give
a **** about the war. A lot of the beheading victims were actually
kidnapped by common criminals and sold to Zarqawi. As such, for our
guys, every fight is to the death. Surrender is not an option.
The Iraqis are a mixed bag. Some fight well, others aren't worth a ****.
Most do okay with American support. Finding leaders is hard, but they
are getting better. It is widely viewed that Zarqawis use of suicide
bombers, en masse, against the civilian population was a serious
tactical mistake. Many Iraqis were galvanized and the caliber of
recruits in the Army and the police forces went up, along with their
motivation. It also led to an exponential increase in good intel because
the Iraqis are sick of the insurgent attacks against civilians. The
Kurds are solidly pro-American and fearless fighters.
According to Jordan, morale among our guys is very high. They not only
believe they are winning, but that they are winning decisively. They are
stunned and dismayed by what they see in the American press, whom they
almost universally view as against them. The embedded reporters are
despised and distrusted. They are inflicting casualties at a rate of
20-1 and then see **** like Are we losing in Iraq on TV and the print
media. For the most part, they are satisfied with their equipment, food
and leadership. Bottom line though, and they all say this, there are not
enough guys there to drive the final stake through the heart of the
insurgency, primarily because there aren't enough troops in-theater to
shut down the borders with Iran and Syria. The Iranians and the Syrians
just cant stand the thought of Iraq being an American ally (with, of
course, permanent US bases there).

@_date: 2005-11-13 20:13:42
@_author: Anonymous Sender 
@_subject: Iraq Stories 
It's making its rounds on the internet.  If you search for a unique
phrase in the article, you'll find it.

@_date: 2006-09-14 09:20:18
@_author: Anonymous Sender 
@_subject: TPM as secure key store 
Thought I'd say something about how the TPM chip is used for secure
storage.  It works a little differently than many people think.
Unlike a smart card, the TPM chip does not generally store user keys.
Although it can generate and hold keys, it normally unloads them after
use.  Most of the time it only holds two keys.  One is the Endorsement
Key, which is used for the controversial remote attestation feature and
is not discussed here.  The other is the Storage Root Key or SRK and is
the basis for its secure storage.
The SRK is a 2048 bit RSA key generated on-chip and normally stored
there unchanged for the lifetime of use.  It can however be cleared and
re-generated by the chip owner at any time.  The SRK private part never
leaves the chip.
New storage keys for the TPM can be created in two ways.  One is to
generate them outside the chip in software, and then to load them into
the chip for use.  The other is to generate them on-chip and then to
unload them until they need to be used.
When unloaded and stored off-chip, keys are encrypted to parent keys.
All these storage keys form a tree rooted at the SRK.  How the tree is
organized, its depth and breadth, is up to the software.
Keys are encrypted to their parents in an interesting and clever manner.
Since all keys are 2048 bit RSA keys it may seem impossible to encrypt
one to another, especially since OAEP mode is used, but the TPM gets
around this.
Public keys are freely exported from the chip and are assumed to be
available.  The private part of an RSA key consists of the primes p and q
such that p*q = n, the RSA modulus.  What the TPM does is to encrypt p,
one of the primes, to the parent RSA key.  It also encrypts a hash of
the public part.  This is what is exported from the chip and stored for
later use.
As a specific example, imagine generating a user RSA key on-chip and
making it a child of the SRK.  The RSA key is generated and then when it
is exported, its prime p is encrypted to the SRK, along with the hash
of the public part of the new user key.  This encrypted data, plus the
public part, is stored as an off-chip representation of the user key.
When it is time to later use such a key, it is loaded into the chip.
The SRK is used to decrypt the encrypted portion, which lets it recover
the prime p.  It also receives the public part, which it hashes and
compares with the corresponding encrypted hash.  With p and n it can
derive q, and then from the public exponent e it can derive the decryption
exponent d.  In this way it recovers the whole private key in the format
that was generated on-chip.
Keys can be set to require authentication or be no-auth.  Authentication
keys require a 20-byte value, generally a hash of a passphrase, to
accompany the key when it is used.  When a key is loaded into the TPM,
the parent key's authentication data must be supplied since it is used
to decrypt the child key as it is loaded.
Keys generated on-chip can also be set to be non-migratable.  Such keys
can only have parents that are also non-migratable.  With these keys, the
user never learns their private part.  They are only ever exported while
encrypted to a parent key which is itself non-migratable.  Even though
these keys are loaded on and off the chip, they are protected at all
The result of this system is that the TPM can manage as many keys as
the software desires.  Each one is stored in computer memory off-chip,
locked to a parent key.  This key hierarchy is ultimately rooted at
the SRK, whose private part never leaves the chip.  The effect is as if
the TPM had an infinitely expandable key store.
One flaw in this design is that TPMs tend to be slow, hence it takes a few
hundred milliseconds to load a key into a TPM.  If your key hierarchy is
deep and you want to use a key that is down many levels from the SRK, it
may take several seconds just to load it into the chip, as each parent in
turn has to be loaded before the next child can come in.  Hopefully future
TPMs will run more quickly so this will not be such a problem.  As it is,
for now it is best to make user keys be direct descendants of the SRK.
