
@_date: 2000-11-01 14:55:18
@_author: anonymous at openpgp.net 
@_subject: CDR: e-jihad 
EXPERTS FEAR CYBERWARS SPREAD                                                 Tuesday,October 31,2000                                                  By NILES LATHEM                                         The growing electronic war between Israeli and
                                        pro-Palestinian hackers threatens to shut down
                                        large portions of the Internet, government and
                                        industry, experts warned last night.                                         The FBIs National Infrastructure Protection
                                        Center, the agency that combats cybercrimes,
                                        recently sent out an advisory warning that the
                                        tit-for-tat attacks that have shut down and
                                        defaced Israeli government and Hezbollah and
                                        Hamas Web sites in the last month could "spill
                                        over," into the United States.                                         "Due to the credible threat of terrorist acts in the
                                        Middle East region and the conduct of these Web
                                        attacks, users should exercise increased
                                        vigilance to the possibility that U.S. government
                                        and private-sector Web sites may become
                                        potential targets," the FBI advisory said.                                         "In recent days, the overall threat condition for
                                        U.S. military forces in the Middle East has
                                        increased due to new credible threats of terrorist
                                        acts in the region. Similarly NIPC views the
                                        current conditions as creating the possibility for
                                        related cyberattack activity against U.S. sites," it
                                        said.                                         The cyberwar, or "e-Jihad" as the Palestinian
                                        side calls it, began earlier this month, when the
                                        Israeli-Palestinian conflict exploded.
                                        Sophisticated Israeli hackers defaced a Hezbollah
                                        Web site that was trying to incite anti-Israel
                                        violence among Palestinians.                                         The attacks escalated when Islamic militants
                                        based in Lebanon, London and the United States
                                        set up special "attack Web sites," in which users
                                        could send special jamming software via e-mail.                                         The attacks shut down top Israeli government
                                        Web sites for days.                                         ATT, which helped Israeli sites get back online,
                                        has become a recent target, according to recent
                                        message traffic from the Palestinian side.                                         Ben Venzke, an intelligence analyst for the
                                        Virginia-based iDefense, a computer security firm
                                        that is tracking the cyberwar, said hackers going
                                        by the names Dodi, ReAList and Nir-MN are
                                        turning to increasingly sophisticated programs
                                        and are now threatening to unleash devastating
                                        viruses and software.

@_date: 2000-11-01 19:56:22
@_author: anonymous at openpgp.net 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Zero Knowledge changes business model (press release) 
A little girl wanting to sell nude digital snapshots of herself for
milk(bar) money might.  You never can tell what passes for "ordinary"
these days.
I think ZKS just needs to revamp its "little girl" ads.  That should
increase their subscri(b/v)er base.

@_date: 2000-11-03 23:20:19
@_author: anonymous at openpgp.net 
@_subject: CDR: Other fables of olde. 
THE CYPHERPUNK ENQUIRER PRESENTS:
                 "Adventures in Alternative Journalism"
                          The Analysis Piece
Alice stared at the two strange creatures.  She was completely
"So let me see if I've got this right.  You make really good wheels.  But
if the Queen of Hearts had wheels, her subjects who occasionally raid your
borders would be able to get away faster, and you wouldn't catch as many
of them.  Is that right, Tweedledumb?"
"I'm Tweedledumber.  He's Tweedledumb.  Yes, that's right.  We have a
technological lead over the Cards, and we have to maintain it."
"So you won't sell them wheels?"
"Well, it's more complex than that.  A large part of our population is
engaged in making wheels, and we make a lot of money selling them to the
Cards.  So we made a compromise.  We only sell them SQUARE wheels."
"But of course," Tweedledumb chimed in, "it's very expensive to make both
square and round wheels.  So most of our people only make square wheels,
so they can sell them to both us and the Cards.  Of course, our people are
allowed to buy round wheels, IF they can find them."
"AND," stated Tweedledumber, "since the wheel is patented here, we get to
collect a hefty licensing fee for every wheel sold."
"But the Cards DO have wheels!"  Alice could see over the fence, and the
Cards were happily zipping around all over the place.  "And so do a lot of
people over here.  What happened?"
"Well, we couldn't stop the Cards from building their OWN wheels ... "
"And people like buying the Card wheels because they're faster than our
wheels, and they're cheaper, because they don't have to pay us the
licensing fee ..."
"You see, we have a licensing treaty with the Cards for most things, so if
they make something we have a patent on, they have to pay us, but the
wheel can't be exported, so it can't EXIST over there, so our patents
don't apply ... "
"But I don't understand!  You said you needed to catch people, but now you
can hardly catch anyone!"  Alice was totally astounded at what she was
"It's only a stopgap measure anyway."  Tweedledumber clasp his hands
behind his back and started pacing.  "We need to get an agreement with the
Queen of Hearts that both of our people will only use, oh, say, pentagonal
and maybe hexagonical wheels.  That way, everyone can get around faster,
but we'll still be able to catch them."
"But who's WE?"
"Anybody with a TLA on their shirt.  WE get round wheels."
"What's a TLA?"
Alice almost felt relieved when she saw the familiar grin materialize.  The rest of the Cheshire Cat soon followed.
"A TLA, my dear, is a Three Letter Anachronism.  When people start
referring to you by your initials, you've overstayed your welcome.  If
everyone starts calling ME TCC, I'll know it's time to find another job."
The caterpillar spoke up from its perch on the toadstool.  "Wrong, tuna
breath.  TLA's are the only thing standing between society and total
Alice turned to face the caterpillar, who responded by blowing a lungful
of hookah smoke in her face.
"THESE two goons only deal with the dangers of the Queen of Hearts and her
soldiers, I have to worry about the domestic situation.  So we came up
with a solution.  There are certain unscrupulous locals who engage in
terrible things, terrorism, drug dealing, child molestation, money
laundering ... we have to be able to catch them.  If they had wheels, they
could outrun us.  But if we had ACCESS to those wheels when we needed it
... by the way, speaking of drug dealers, we know about that mushroom, and
the pills.  You might want to think really hard about playing ball with
us, the Queen of Hearts is rather fond of cutting off dope addict's
"Access to wheels?  Does that have anything to do with those ropes hanging
off the back of those carts?"
"Yup.  We pull on that rope, the wheels fall off.  And since we may have
to stop a LOT of people at one time, we could have a riot, or another
Butthole Surfers concert, we figure that we should be able to stop about
ten percent of the population at once, a little less in the rural areas
... well, they've gotta be REALLY LONG ROPES ... and there have to be A
WHOLE LOT of them ... course, the ones with the ropes we let have
octagonal wheels ... "
"But can't just anybody pull the rope?  You'll have wheels falling off all
over the place."
"Price you have to pay for a safe society.  Besides, we have trusted third
parties holding to to the other end."
"How will you get people to use it, when they can get regular wheels from
the Cards?"
"How else?  We could pass a law.  But it's easier just to threaten all the
wheel dealers - put the rope on or we shut you down.  Spread the word that
only criminals don't use ropes - what are you afraid of?  Got something to
hide?  Eventually we'll have to outlaw the round wheel, of course, but for
the time being, some creative social engineering should do the trick."  The caterpillar took another long drag on the hookah.  "Good shit.  Dole
was right about this stuff."
"But can't people get real wheels for free?"
"Sure, we've pulled off enough they're lying around all over the place.  But then you need an axle, bearings, steering - most people still just go
down and buy the whole package.  We get them, we're in - guy up in Seattle
makes something like 90% of all carts sold here, you should see the shit
we've got on HIM!  No problemo.  And those idiots at Netscape - we've got
them doing a complete background check on anybody who wants a round wheel
- come back in five days, and maybe you can have it."
"So, Alice, are you learning anything?"
Alice liked the Cheshire Cat, but it did have very sharp teeth, and very
long claws, and it did have the habit of appearing out of nothing.  Alice
felt that it should be treated with respect.  "Not really, your cattiness.  It doesn't make any sense at all!"
"It isn't supposed to.  You have to look at it the right way.  From their
perspective, it makes perfect sense."
"I'm confused."
"Don't worry about it.  It gets worse before it gets better.  Come on,
we're going to a party.  Tim May and John Gilmore are throwing a Mad Tea
"Are they really mad?"
"May's crazy as a loon.  You'll like him.  Gilmore, he's just still pissed
at Shimamura for that stunt in the hot tub ... "

@_date: 2000-11-04 20:42:28
@_author: anonymous at openpgp.net 
@_subject: CDR: Anthropologists as Spies 
by DAVID PRICE
On December 20, 1919, under the heading "Scientists as Spies," The Nation published a letter by Franz Boas, the father of academic anthropology in America. Boas charged that four American anthropologists, whom he did not name, had abused their professional research positions by conducting espionage in Central America during the First World War. Boas strongly condemned their actions, writing that they had "prostituted science by using it as a cover for their activities as spies." Anthropologists spying for their country severely betrayed their science and damaged the credibility of all anthropological research, Boas wrote; a scientist who uses his research as a cover for political spying forfeits the right to be classified as a scientist.
The most significant reaction to this letter occurred ten days later at the annual meeting of the American Anthropological Association (AAA), when the association's governing council voted to censure Boas, effectively removing him from the council and pressuring him to resign from the national research council. Three out of four of the accused spies (their names, we now know, were Samuel Lothrop, Sylvanus Morley and Herbert Spinden) voted for censure; the fourth (John Mason) did not. Later Mason wrote Boas an apologetic letter explaining that he'd spied out of a sense of patriotic duty.
A variety of extraneous factors contributed to Boas's censure (chief among these being institutional rivalries, personal differences and possibly anti-Semitism). The AAA's governing council was concerned less about the accuracy of his charges than about the possibility that publicizing them might endanger the ability of others to undertake fieldwork. It accused him of "abuse" of his professional position for political ends.
In 1919 American anthropology avoided facing the ethical questions Boas raised about anthropologists' using their work as a cover for spying. And it has refused to face them ever since. The AAA's current code of ethics contains no specific prohibitions concerning espionage or secretive research. Some of the same anthropologists who spied during World War I did so in the next war. During the early cold war Ruth Benedict and lesser-known colleagues worked for the RAND corporation and the Office of Naval Research. In the Vietnam War, anthropologists worked on projects with strategic military applications.
Until recently there was little investigation of either the veracity of Boas's accusation in 1919 or the ethical strength of his complaint. But FBI documents released to me under the Freedom of Information Act shed new light on both of these issues.
The FBI produced 280 pages of documents pertaining to one of the individuals Boas accused--the Harvard archeologist Samuel Lothrop. Lothrop's FBI file establishes that during World War I he indeed spied for Naval Intelligence, performing "highly commendable" work in the Caribbean until "his identity as an Agent of Naval Intelligence became known." What is more, World War II saw him back in harness, serving in the Special Intelligence Service (SIS), which J. Edgar Hoover created within the FBI to undertake and coordinate all intelligence activity in Central and South America. During the war the SIS stationed approximately 350 agents throughout South America, where they collected intelligence, subverted Axis networks and at times assisted in the interruption of the flow of raw materials from Axis sources. Lothrop was stationed in Lima, Peru, where he monitored imports, exports and political developments. To maintain his cover he pretended to undertake archeological investigation!
Lothrop was referring to the Rockefeller Foundation, which financed twenty archeologists who were excavating in Peru, Chile, Colombia, Mexico, Venezuela and Central America. He also used his ties to a variety of academic and research institutions--including Harvard, the Peabody Museum, the Institute of Andean Research and the Carnegie Institute--as cover in Peru. Archeologist Gordon Willey, who worked on an Institute of Andean Research Project in Peru and had some contact with Lothrop at this time, recalled that "it was sort of widely known on the loose grapevine that Sam was carrying on some kind of espionage work, much of which seemed to be keeping his eye on German patrons of the Hotel Bolivar Bar."
In fact, Lothrop was considered a valuable agent who collected important information on Peruvian politics and leading public figures of a nature usually difficult to secure. An FBI evaluation reported that headquarters "occasionally receive[s] information of sufficient importance from Mr. Lothrop to transmit to the President." Lothrop's principal source was an assistant to the Peruvian minister of government and police. In the spring of 1944 this informant resigned his governmental position and began "working exclusively under the direction of Dr. Lothrop." In May 1944 the US Embassy reported that Lothrop's principal informant was fully aware of Lothrop's connection to the SIS and FBI. Lothrop's cover was compromised by four Peruvian investigators in the employ of his top informant. His informant had been heard bragging to the Peruvian police that he made more by working for the US Embassy than the police made working for the Peruvian government.
The FBI decided to test the reliability of Lothrop's key informant by assigning him to collect information on nonexistent events and individuals. The informant was given background information about a nonexistent upcoming anti-Jewish rally that he was to attend, including a list of specific individuals who would be present. Though the rally did not occur, the informant provided a full report on it. He also filed detailed reports on a nonexistent commemorative celebration of the bombing of Pearl Harbor held in a distant town, and on a fictitious German spy who supposedly had jumped ship in Peru.
Lothrop was instructed not to tell the informant that his duplicity had been detected; instead, he was to say he was out of funds to pay for informants. Lothrop refused to believe his informant was lying and sent a letter of resignation to J. Edgar Hoover. His resignation was accepted and he returned to the United States to resume his academic duties at Harvard's Peabody Museum and the Carnegie Institute.
What is now known about Lothrop's long career of espionage suggests that the censure of Boas by the AAA in 1919 sent a clear message to him and others that espionage under cover of science in the service of the state is acceptable. In each of the wars and military actions that followed the First World War anthropologists confronted, or more often repressed, the very issues raised by Boas in his 1919 letter to The Nation.
While almost every prominent living US anthropologist (including Ruth Benedict, Gregory Bateson, Clyde Kluckhohn and Margaret Mead) contributed to the World War II war effort, they seldom did so under the false pretext of fieldwork, as Lothrop did. Without endorsing the wide variety of activities to which anthropological skills were applied in the service of the military, a fundamental ethical distinction can be made between those who (as Boas put it) "prostituted science by using it as a cover for their activities as spies" and those who did not. World War II did, however, stimulate frank, though muted, discussions of the propriety of anthropologists' using their knowledge of those they studied in times of war, creating conditions in which, as anthropologist Laura Thompson put it, they became "technicians for hire to the highest bidder." Although the racist tenets of Nazism were an affront to the anthropological view of the inherent equality of humankind, Boas (who died in 19!
42) would probably have condemned anthropologists who used science as a cover for espionage during World War II. Approximately half of America's anthropologists contributed to the war effort, with dozens of prominent members of the profession working for the Office of Strategic Services (OSS), Army and Navy intelligence and the Office of War Information.
In the following decades there were numerous private and public interactions between anthropologists and the intelligence community. Some anthropologists applied their skills at the CIA after its inception in 1947 and may still be doing so today. For some of them this was a logical transition from their wartime espionage work with the OSS and other organizations; others regarded the CIA as an agency concerned with gathering information to assist policy-makers rather than a secret branch of government that subverted foreign governments and waged clandestine war on the Soviet Union and its allies. Still other anthropologists unwittingly received research funding from CIA fronts like the Human Ecology Fund.
The American Anthropological Association also secretly collaborated with the CIA. In the early 1950s the AAA's executive board negotiated a secret agreement with the CIA under which agency personnel and computers were used to produce a cross-listed directory of AAA members, showing their geographical and linguistic areas of expertise along with summaries of research interests. Under this agreement the CIA kept copies of the database for its own purposes with no questions asked. And none were, if for no other reason than that the executive board had agreed to keep the arrangement a secret. What use the CIA made of this database is not known, but the relationship with the AAA was part of an established agency policy of making use of America's academic brain trust. Anthropologists' knowledge of the languages and cultures of the people inhabiting the regions of the Third World where the agency was waging its declared and undeclared wars would have been invaluable to the CIA. The e!
xtent to which this occurred is the focus of ongoing archival and FOIA research. When the CIA overthrew Jacobo Arbenz in Guatemala in 1954, an anthropologist reported, under a pseudonym, to the State Department's intelligence and research division on the political affiliations of the prisoners taken by the military in the coup.
During the Korean War linguists and ethnographers assisted America's involvement with little vocal conflict of conscience. Norwegian sociologist Johan Galtung's revelations in 1965 of Project Camelot, in which anthropologists were reported to be working on unclassified counterinsurgency programs in Latin America, ignited controversy in the AAA. During America's wars in Southeast Asia the AAA was thrown into a state of upheaval after documents purloined from the private office of UCLA anthropologist Michael Moerman revealed that several anthropologists had secretly used their ethnographic knowledge to assist the war effort.
As a result of inquiries made into these revelations, the 1971 annual meeting of the AAA became the scene of a tumultuous showdown after a fact-finding committee chaired by Margaret Mead maneuvered to create a report finding no wrongdoing on the part of the accused anthropologists. An acrimonious debate resulted in the rejection of the Mead report by the voting members of the association. As historian Eric Wakin noted in his book Anthropology Goes to War, this "represented an organized body of younger anthropologists rejecting the values of its elders." But the unresolved ethical issue of anthropologists spying during the First and Second World Wars provided a backdrop to the 1971 showdown. Almost two decades later, during the Gulf War, proposals by conservatives in the AAA that its members assist allied efforts against Iraq provoked only minor opposition.
Today most anthropologists are still loath to acknowledge, much less study, known connections between anthropology and the intelligence community. As with any controversial topic, it is not thought to be a good "career builder." But more significant, there is a general perception that to rake over anthropology's past links, witting and unwitting, with the intelligence community could reduce opportunities for US anthropologists to conduct fieldwork in foreign nations.
In the course of research in this area I have been told by other anthropologists in no uncertain terms that to raise such questions could endanger the lives of fieldworkers around the globe. This is not a point to be taken lightly, as many anthropologists work in remote settings controlled by hostile governmental or guerrilla forces. Suspicions that one is a US intelligence agent, whether valid or not, could have fatal consequences. As Boas prophetically wrote in his original complaint against Lothrop and his cohorts, "In consequence of their acts every nation will look with distrust upon the visiting foreign investigator who wants to do honest work, suspecting sinister designs. Such action has raised a new barrier against the development of international friendly cooperation." But until US anthropology examines its past and sets rules forbidding both secret research and collaboration with intelligence agencies, these dangers will continue.
Over the past several decades the explicit condemnations of secretive research have been removed from the AAA's code of ethics--the principles of professional responsibility (PPR). In 1971 the PPR specifically declared that "no secret research, no secret reports or debriefings of any kind should be agreed to or given" by members of the AAA. By 1990 the attenuation of anthropological ethics had reached a point where anthropologists were merely "under no professional obligation to provide reports or debriefing of any kind to government officials or employees, unless they have individually and explicitly agreed to do so in the terms of employment." These changes were largely accomplished in the 1984 revision of the PPR that Gerald Berreman characterized as reflecting the new "Reaganethics" of the association: In the prevailing climate of deregulation the responsibility for ethical review was shifted from the association to individual judgments. As anthropologist Laura Nader noted!
, these Reagan-era changes were primarily "moves to protect academic careers...downplaying anthropologists' paramount responsibility to those they study." The current PPR may be interpreted to mean that anthropologists don't have to be spies unless they want to or have agreed to do so in a contract. A 1995 Commission to Review the AAA Statements on Ethics declared that the committee on ethics had neither the authority nor the resources to investigate or arbitrate complaints of ethical violations and would "no longer adjudicate claims of unethical behavior and focus its efforts and resources on an ethics education program."
Members of the current ethics committee believe that even though the AAA explicitly removed language forbidding secretive research or spying, there are clauses in the current code that imply (rather than state) that such conduct should not be allowed--though without sanctions, this stricture is essentially meaningless. Archeologist Joe Watkins, chairman of the ethics committee, believes that if an anthropologist were caught spying today, "the AAA would not do anything to investigate the activity or to reprimand the individual, even if the individual had not been candid [about the true purpose of the research]. I'm not sure that there is anything the association would do as an association, but perhaps public awareness would work to keep such practitioners in line, like the Pueblo clowns' work to control the societal miscreants." Watkins is referring to Pueblo cultures' use of clowns to ridicule miscreants. Although it is debatable whether anthropologist intelligence operatives !
would fear sanctions imposed by the AAA, it is incongruous to argue that they would fear public ridicule more. Enforcing a ban on covert research would be difficult, but to give up on even the possibility of investigating such wrongdoing sends the wrong message to the world and to the intelligence agencies bent on recruiting anthropologists.
Many factors have contributed to the AAA's retreat from statements condemning espionage and covert research. Key among these are the century-old difficulties inherent in keeping an intrinsically diverse group of scholars aligned under the framework of a single association. A combination of atavistic and market forces has driven apart members of a field once mythically united around the holistic integration of the findings of archeology and physical, cultural and linguistic anthropology. As some "applied anthropologists" move from classroom employment to working in governmental and industrial settings, statements condemning spying have made increasing numbers of practitioners uncomfortable--and this discomfort suggests much about the nature of some applied anthropological work. The activities encompassed under the heading of applied anthropology are extremely diverse, ranging from heartfelt and underpaid activist-based research for NGOs around the world to production of secret !
ethnographies and time-allocation studies of industrial and blue-collar workplaces for the private consumption of management.
As increasing numbers of anthropologists find employment in corporations, anthropological research becomes not a quest for scientific truth, as in the days of Boas, but a quest for secret or proprietary data for governmental or corporate sponsors. The AAA's current stance of inaction sends the dangerous message to the underdeveloped world that the world's largest anthropological organization will take no action against anthropologists whose fieldwork is a front for espionage. As the training of anthropology graduate students becomes increasingly dependent on programs like the 1991 National Security Education Program--with its required governmental-service payback stipulations--the issue takes on increased (though seldom discussed) importance.
It is unknown whether any members of the AAA are currently engaged in espionage, but unless the scientific community takes steps to denounce such activities using the clearest possible language and providing sanctions against those who do so, we can anticipate that such actions will continue with impunity during some future crisis or war.
Many in the American Anthropological Association are frustrated with its decision neither to explicitly prohibit nor to penalize secretive government research. It is time for US anthropologists to examine the political consequences of their history and take a hard, thoughtful look at Boas's complaint and the implications implicit in the association's refusal to condemn secret research and to re-enact sanctions against anthropologists engaging in espionage.

@_date: 2000-11-07 13:25:36
@_author: anonymous at openpgp.net 
@_subject: CDR: vote trading no freedom of speech 
Courts assail online
                  vote-swap and auction sites
                  November 7, 2000
                  Web posted at: 11:45 AM EST
                  (1645 GMT)
                  From staff and wire reports
                  Courts on both sides of the nation issued rulings ahead of the
                  Tuesday elections unfavorable to Web sites that encourage
                  voters to swap presidential ballots for political or financial
                  gain.                   In Los Angeles, a federal judge refused to stop state officials
                  from cracking down on California-based Web sites that let
                  users in one state trade their vote for president to someone in
                  another state.                   The American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) of Southern
                  California had sought to get a temporary restraining order,
                  arguing Secretary of State Bill Jones actions were an
                  unconstitutional restriction of free speech.                   U.S. District Judge Robert Kelleher denied the request in a
                  ruling issued Monday night.                   The Web sites seek to have Green Party candidate Ralph
                  Nader supporters cast their votes for Vice President Al Gore
                  in states where the presidential race is expected to be close.                   In exchange, Democrats agree to vote for Nader in states
                  where Republican George W. Bush is expected to win. The
                  trades, not sanctioned by the campaigns, could help Gore in
                  swing states and give the Green Party the 5 percent of the
                  national vote it needs to win federal campaign money.                   Three sites voluntarily shut down last week after Jones told
                  one it was violating state election laws. Officials in Oregon
                  have issued similar warnings.                   Jones hailed the ruling.                   "Votes are not a commodity," he said. "In California, it is
                  illegal to buy, sell or trade votes for anything of value --
                  including another vote."                   The ACLU said it would appeal, saying such exchanges
                  between voters are protected and that agreeing to a voting
                  strategy is different from offering payment for a vote.                   Massachusetts goes after vote auctioneers
                  State officials in Massachusetts did not try to halt two
                  so-called "Nader Trader" Web sites,
                   and                    The activity on both sites was described as voluntary and
                  involved no contract or exchange of money.                   "You cant give away your vote for something of value, but
                  because there is no material gain, its not ... clearly in
                  violation of federal law," said Harvard Law School professor
                  Jonathan Zittrain.                   Under federal law, buying and selling votes is punishable by
                  up to five years in prison, $10,000 in fines or both.                   However, a Massachusetts judge on Monday temporarily
                  halted an Austrian Web site owner from buying or selling
                  votes in the U.S. presidential election.                   Suffolk Superior Court Judge Maria Lopez granted an
                  injunction against "the people operating this Web site and
                  anybody else" who attempted to operate the site or sell their
                  vote. Hans Bernhard of Vienna, Austria, who was identified
                  as owning the site, had no representative at the hearing.                   Prosecutors told Lopez that as of Monday morning 1,116 state
                  voters had registered with the site that was offering a total of
                  $13,000 for their votes.                   The order meant Massachusetts joined Illinois, California and
                  Nebraska in trying to shut down the Web site.                   The sites domain name has changed several times since been
                  subjected to legal challenges in U.S. courts in recent weeks. It
                  began as voteauction.com and last week was
                  vote-auction.com. Following a temporary shutdown, the
                  content of the site was resurrected by using a pure Internet
                  protocol (IP) address (devoid of a domain name) and was still
                  on the Web as of Tuesday morning.                   David Kerrigan, the Massachusetts state assistant attorney
                  general, said his office did not know the identities of the
                  voters who registered with the site, but hoped that the operator
                  "will abide by the court order."                   Bernhard could not be reached for comment.

@_date: 2000-11-07 22:49:37
@_author: anonymous at openpgp.net 
@_subject: CDR: Coping With Filtering Law 
Librarians Running Into Trouble Monitoring Net Use The Associated Press
B E R K L E Y, Mich., Nov. 6 Q Librarians trained in opening doors to knowledge must find ways to slam some of those doors shut, agitating many who donUt appreciate laws requiring them to censor Internet use.
JJJJ RLibrarians are in the business of giving people information, not preventing them from getting it,S said Carol Windorf, Royal OakUs library director. RItUs an uncomfortable position and it makes it tougher for us to do our job.S
JJJJ A state law approved last spring requires public libraries that offer Internet access to keep children from inappropriate sites by installing filters, monitoring behavior or requiring parents to be present.
Not Alone Minnesota, Arizona, Utah and Colorado have laws similar to MichiganUs and at least 19 other states are considering legislative action. More than 75 libraries nationwide placed filters on computers last year, bringing the total to about 1,000.
JJJJ The American Library Association has raised First Amendment concerns with the laws. But most of MichiganUs libraries are complying, with filters on at least some of their computers, said Stephen Kershner, executive director of the Michigan Library Association.
JJJJ Some librarians have decided not to use filters Q calling the software unreliable and an inconvenience to everyone.
JJJJ RThe filters can block computer users from obtaining completely acceptable information theyUre looking for on the Internet,S Oxford Library Director Judith Doublestein told The Detroit News for a Sunday story.
JJJJ Doublestein said some computer users were denied football statistics from Super Bowl XXX because a filter confused the Roman numerals with a triple-X-rated pornographic Web site.
JJJJ Moreover, Doublestein said, children are so adept at computer use that they can often easily get around the filters to look at questionable sites.
Surrogate Parents? The American Library Association said it sees little merit in filters and believes libraries are more comfortable forming their own Internet policies. Some librarians said the law forces them to act as parents.
JJJJ RIdeally, each person should be able to search the Internet on their own,S Windorf said. RIn the case of children, we feel parents are the best guide.S
JJJJ In Berkley, where filters arenUt in use, itUs up to staff members and library visitors to decide what is objectionable.
JJJJ In Birmingham, which has only one filtered computer, a patron was arrested during the summer after he ignored repeated warnings and downloaded photos from pornographic sites.
JJJJ In Livonia, computers in the adult area donUt have filters and are equipped with privacy screens. Parents must accompany minors under 18 who wish to use them. Unaccompanied children must use computers with filters near the childrenUs area.
JJJJ RI guess the filters are getting better, but we had a case where a patron was unable to research RMars ExplorerS because the TsU in Mars and the TexU in explorer triggered to the word sex,S said Livonia Library Director Barbara Lewis. Tips for the Home Some tips for parents and children on Internet use:
JJJJ  DonUt give out personal information such as addresses, phone numbers or school names and location without parental permission.
JJJJ  Tell parents right away about any information or message that causes discomfort.
JJJJ  Never agree to get together with an online contact without checking with parents.
JJJJ  Never send a personal photo to a person without parental knowledge.
JJJJ  Decide with parents on the length of time that can be spent online and appropriate sites to visit.
JJJJ  Install software filters on home computers to block inappropriate sites, although they canUt bar access to everything parents might not want children to see and may block information that is helpful.
JJJJ  Place computers in the kitchen, family room, or living room so an adult can see the child using it.
JJJJ  DonUt let young children surf the Web alone.
JJJJ Q The Associated Press Copyright 2000 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. [ :-) ]

@_date: 2000-11-08 14:05:31
@_author: anonymous at openpgp.net 
@_subject: CDR: govt aerial photo privacy 
Countys Aerial Photos Not for Public Sale                                                      Supervisors bow to residents concerns that the high-detail pictures
                                                   would invade their privacy.                                                    By DAVID REYES, Times Staff Writer
                                                        Bowing to privacy concerns, county supervisors backpedaled Tuesday
                                                   by agreeing not to let the public buy the high-detail, digital photographs
                                                   that will be taken during an aerial photo shoot of the entire county.                                                         County officials had considered selling the photos--a block-by-block
                                                   sweep of the county--on the Internet to help defray the cost of the photo
                                                   missions.                                                         "I think residents can rest assured that there wont be any pictures, any
                                                   Big Brother efforts in the county," said Supervisor Tom Wilson, before all
                                                   five supervisors voted to approve a $184,000 contract to Pictometry LLC,
                                                   a New York-based corporation.                                                         Originally, the company won approval to fly over Orange County and
                                                   take 60,000 photographs from an airplane flying at an altitude of 4,000
                                                   feet. The images would be stored in a county database and sold to cities
                                                   and governmental agencies, including police and fire departments.                                                         To recoup its costs, the county was going to make photographs
                                                   available for sale on the countys Web site for $15 to $25.                                                         Instead, supervisors were forced to reevaluate their decision after
                                                   receiving hundreds of complaints by residents, upset that their privacy
                                                   would be invaded or that the photos would tumble into the hands of
                                                   criminals.                                                         As a result, supervisors modified Pictometrys contract so it would not
                                                   include selling photographs to the public.                                                         The idea of having "Big Brother" peer into her backyard with a camera
                                                   frightened Helen Pegausch of Santa Ana. She felt strongly enough that she
                                                   missed work Tuesday to talk with supervisors.                                                         "I tell you having the county take photographs and then handing them
                                                   over to cities so they can check for violations really bothers me,"
                                                   Pegausch said. "We are paying more and more in taxes and voting out more
                                                   and more of our rights."                                                         Pastor Wiley Drake, an outspoken cleric on property rights issues,
                                                   urged the supervisors to reconsider whether the county needed the project.                                                         "Is there a legitimate need for this type of photography?" Drake asked,
                                                   as he sought anyone on the board with enough "intestinal fortitude" to move
                                                   to postpone the proposal until his questions can be answered.                                                         What makes Pictometry different from scores of other aerial products is
                                                   that, rather than being taken from directly overhead, pictures are taken at an
                                                   angle that--once combined with the companys software--allows users to
                                                   zoom in on neighborhoods and measure the height, width and length of any
                                                   feature in an image, including gullies, buildings, trees, poles and roads.                                                         It makes the product perfect for county planners, said Brian F.
                                                   Fitzpatrick, West Coast general manager for Pictometry, who was elated
                                                   with the boards decision.                                                         Rather than having a developer show an artists rendering of a new
                                                   shopping plaza, the digital software allows a planner to test the
                                                   developers claims by immediately seeing how the site will look, he said.                                                         The product conceivably can be used by hundreds if not thousands of
                                                   residents living in a coastal flood plain that extends through many cities as
                                                   a result of the threat of a large flood from the Santa Ana River.                                                         "The $200,000 the county is paying can save thousands, even millions,
                                                   of dollars to residents who may not have to pay for flood insurance,"
                                                   Supervisor Todd Spitzer said.                                                         Spitzer, an attorney who once worked in the district attorneys office,
                                                   said the courts already allow police authority to fly over homes and take
                                                   pictures. "This new proposal is an excellent balance."                                                         In other business, supervisors unanimously agreed on Lockheed Martin
                                                   as the prime contractor for an 11-year, $260-million data-processing
                                                   contract, which is believed to be the largest contract awarded by the
                                                   county.                                                         The decision ends more than a year of procurement activity by the
                                                   countys information and technology staff.                                                         Leo Crawford, the countys chief information officer, said a
                                                   procurement team had recommended Lockheed over the other finalist,
                                                   Science Applications International Corp., the largest private scientific
                                                   research organization in the United States.

@_date: 2000-11-08 15:50:23
@_author: anonymous at openpgp.net 
@_subject: CDR: deep messages from voteauction.de 
Whether or not one likes it, the net is NOT a commercial playground a
                    priori.
                    It is an open space for ANY communication needs between any people.
                    If you think it is hard to know for sure if our site was a game or a
                    business, well, then thats a good lesson you have learned.

@_date: 2000-11-08 16:10:38
@_author: anonymous at openpgp.net 
@_subject: CDR: cnet article on geo location via IP 
Geographic tracking raises opportunities, fears   By Stefanie Olsen
  Staff Writer, CNET News.com
  November 8, 2000, 4:00 a.m. PT   New technology that can pinpoint the physical location of Web surfers is creating opportunities for online merchants
  and advertisers but could signal new restrictions on the free-wheeling Internet.   So-called geotracking techniques that trace Internet Protocol (IP) addresses, which are used to route signals over the Web to
  an individuals computer, can help Web sites and advertisers target audiences in different geographic regions. For example, a
  traditional retailer such as Banana Republic could hawk swimming suits to Web visitors from Los Angeles as it pushes parkas
  to online shoppers from New York.                   But if this technology offers greater efficiencies and new opportunities for online businesses, bringing
                  physical boundaries into the largely borderless world of cyberspace raises several delicate questions.
                  Net users worried about online privacy may balk at technology that might one day reveal their street
                  addresses to marketers. But for governments watching their sovereignty erode online, the chance to
                  erect virtual walls may be too tempting to pass up.                   "If it does become technically feasible to limit access by country, than it does seem to take away from
                  the global reach of the Internet," said Andrew Shen, a policy analyst at the Electronic Privacy
  Information Center, a privacy research group.   Quova, a San Francisco-based Web marketing company, has developed technology to blur these lines.   The company set out in January to scan the Nets 4.2 billion IP addresses. The data-gathering project netted Quova a
  detailed physical map of the Internet. It is using the information to launch a new service later this year, dubbed GeoPoint,
  which the company says will target advertising to online audiences based on location.   "In the offline world, geography is so pervasive depending on what area youre in, it determines what products youll sell. Yet
  in the online world theres no element of geography," said Rajat Bhargava, founder of Quova, which is backed by Softbank
  and IDG Ventures.   With GeoPoint, Quova joins a growing number of Net advertisers that hope to tempt
  marketers with the promise of pinpointing customers who live or work within a particular
  country, state, city and even ZIP code.   Privacy advocates are looking at the ability of companies such as Quova to trace a Net
  user to a physical location. Beyond privacy, however, geotracking raises significant
  regulatory questions for online commerce, taxation, legal jurisdiction, online
  broadcasting rights and a host of other policy issues that have traditionally depended on
  borders.   Geotracking technologies have largely flown below the radar of regulators, but they are
  beginning to draw notice. For example, a technology panel next week is expected to
  issue a report to a French court saying techniques are available for stopping a large
  percentage of Net users in France from using a Yahoo auction site in the United States.
  Yahoo has argued that blocking French customers from viewing Nazi paraphernalia
  banned in that country was not feasible on the Web.   "Yahoo is basically saying they cant block French visitors from their site. But as Quova (and others) show, the majority of the
  time, you can block information coming from geographical areas," said Richard Smith, chief technology officer at the Privacy
  Foundation.   "Geographic blocking is sort of inevitable...for such instances as blocking online casinos and political messages in China.
  How prevalent it will be is the question."   Geotracking takes off
  Started late last year, Quova operated for the first nine months of this year as a "stealth-mode, Internet infrastructure
  company," a tagline that raised hairs among security types. In mid-September, the company launched a beta version of its
  software. The technology lets companies know where Web visitors originate, down to their city, so that they can target
  advertising, customize Web pages, and deliver digital media to certain geographic locations.   A slew of businesses have emerged to offer similar services. Digital Island and Digital Envoy
  specialize in location targeting DoubleClick, Engage and 24/7 Media offer targeted local
  advertising to its customers.   Last month, Microsoft licensed technology, dubbed TraceWare, from Digital Island to manage
  the distribution of digital content nationally and internationally.   "What we do is make things easier on the Internet," said Sanjay Parekh, chief executive of
  Digital Envoy, based in Duluth, Ga. "Our technology is a dumbed-down version of caller ID--I
  know where you are, but I cant call you back...Technically it would be difficult to tie a persons
  IP address to their home address, and thats not something were going after."   Akamai Technologies has had a rudimentary geolocation service in operation since this
  summer, guaranteeing an accuracy rate of about 98 percent in determining the country or U.S.
  state where a given Web surfer is located.   The company declined to comment directly on Frances order to Yahoo, one of Akamais
  longstanding customers. But vice president of product management John Shumway said the
  companys service could help a content provider block surfers in a specific country from
  reaching a particular Web service.   Akamai is moving ahead with a plan to ratchet up that location service another notch. It is
  working with some of its Internet service provider partners and using its own sprawling network
  of servers to develop the ability to narrow a surfers location to the level of metropolitan area,
  for example.   The company is aware that it risks skirting the boundaries of privacy protections but says it is
  confident that it is still well on the side of protecting individuals information. Allowing
  advertisers or Web companies to streamline their sites for local content could help consumers
  as well as the companies themselves, as long as the information exchange stays on a fairly
  unspecific level, Shumway said.   "Its a very difficult issue with geolocation, figuring out what is proper and what in the long run
  might represent some threat to privacy," he said. "But targeting (on a city level) isnt
  necessarily a bad thing, any more than its a bad thing to pick up a newspaper and see a local
  ad."   Can it work?
  Such questions point to another big piece of the puzzle for locator companies, which face an
  uphill climb in creating the sales forces needed to sell local advertising online. Because there
  are countless businesses on the local level, the sales staff needed to reach them all would
  outweigh any benefits reaped from targeted advertising.   Local ad spending online is expected to reach $2.7 billion by 2003, taking up $1 in every $4
  spent, according to Jupiter Media Metrix, but it wont go up significantly after that.   "Its going to be a hard sell--its difficult to sell to local advertisers online because they dont get
  it. And its hard to sell to national advertisers because theres so much waste," said Marissa
  Gluck, advertising analyst for Jupiter Media Metrix, a New York-based research company.   Beyond the commercial promise of selling local ads globally, geotracking could provide
  regulators with a tempting solution to the Nets borderless architecture.   "Regulators are going to try to (implement) this," said William Cheswick, a former researcher
  with Bell Labs who has worked extensively on Internet mapping projects. "They have an
  enormous motivation to do it."   Companies such as Akamai and Quova can help create barriers on the Web for companies
  doing business internationally or nationally. Insurance and financial services companies, for
  example, face different laws and regulations by state and country. The Internet compounds
  these problems by opening access to anyone with a computer despite their homeland.   "This technology will help them comply with some of these regulations. But it will be up to the
  courts to decide what level of accuracy they need," Quovas Bhargava said.   Some already are putting that theory to the test.   Conflict abroad
  One of the most prominent cases of geographic tangles was this years crash and burn of iCraveTV.com, a Canadian
  company that had hoped to offer a streaming version of broadcast TV on its Web site.   The problem was, iCraveTV didnt ask permission from the TV companies whose content it was using. Its Web site ostensibly
  barred Americans from watching the streams, which included several U.S. TV stations. But the only real barrier was a page
  asking for a Canadian area code, which served as a password to the entire site.   Partly because broadcasters license content and sell advertising on a regional basis, this infuriated media companies on
  both sides of the border. A broad coalition of media companies sued iCraveTV, which backed down. Since that time, the
  company has been working on a way to determine a viewers location and block U.S. residents from watching Canadian
  programming.   Whether geotracking can meet the needs of regulators, however, depends on several factors, including winning international
  cooperation on assigning IP addresses in a systematic fashion. In addition, serious questions remain about how accurate
  geotracking is and if it can meet the demands of regulators and the courts.   Technically, Quova gathers infrastructure-level information from several public-domain sources without looking at such
  electronic data as email addresses and cookies, or digital tracking tags.   "Basically weve collected traceroute and pings to tell us how traffic is moving, where traffic is coming from, where its going to,
  what its performance is," Bhargava said.   By analyzing the data, the company knows the city location of all IP addresses, or a designated market area, based on
  Nielsen/NetRatings standards. Quova wants to target anonymously based on ZIP codes, and it is in talks with various
  companies about additional services.   There are some major holes in this approach, however.   For example, Quova and others do not have a good read on the location of subscribers at the worlds largest ISP, America
  Online. The company, with 24 million members, poses a challenge because it uses a proxy-serve network that only shows IP
  addresses traveling from its home base in Virginia. For AOL, GeoPoint can only identify a person by country, with up to 98
  percent accuracy, Bhargava said.   Locator technology is only 60 percent to 70 percent accurate, according to research from Jupiter Media Metrix. These
  estimates are based on the large number of IP addresses used by AOL. And as the number of AOL customers grows, the
  accuracy rate will shrink.   Elsewhere around the world, AOL doesnt operate proxy-serve networks, Bhargava said, so the opportunity to determine where
  Web visitors originate from is better.   Former Bell Labs researcher Cheswick said geotracking technology may be accurate enough for advertising purposes, but it
  does come close to the level required for legal applications such as the Yahoo case.   "On the surface, this sort of looks like it works," Cheswick said. "But it gets dicey when you try to break it down to a city or even
  if you break it down to a single country...For advertising or marketing purposes, 80 to 85 percent accuracy is fine. But when it
  come to the courts, you want to have a higher standard."

@_date: 2000-11-08 17:55:27
@_author: anonymous at openpgp.net 
@_subject: CDR: geezers and ballots 
If you look at you see the gripe about the Palm Beach
ballots.  What they dont mention is that, by
the same visual-illiteracy that
lets Gore votes go to Buchanan, votes for Browne go to Gore.
There is far more difference between
Browne  Gore than between Gore Buchanan.  The libs ought to be

@_date: 2000-11-09 17:40:23
@_author: anonymous at openpgp.net 
@_subject: CDR: swiss to use DNA instead of prints 
In Switzerland DNA tests to replace fingerprinting                Vienna, Nov 9, IRNA -- Traditional fingerprinting of criminals is to  be replaced by DNA tests within four years in Switzerland, Swiss Radio
International reported Thursday.                                          The cabinet approved the move on Thursday, saying DNA was a much  more reliable method of identifying suspects.                             Under the new system, a database of DNA profiles is to be set up  to assist police in tracking down suspects.                               The database will contain genetic information about convicted     criminals, enabling police to establish whether a particular person   was present at the scene of a crime.                                      Announcing the decision, the justice ministry said the system had been operating on an experimental basis since July 1.                     It added that traditional fingerprinting techniques would continue
to be used alongside the DNA database until 2004, when fingerprinting would be dropped.

@_date: 2000-11-10 13:37:48
@_author: anonymous at openpgp.net 
@_subject: CDR: low tech surveillance-cam countermeasures in Israel 
Hizbullah operatives seeking to block IDF
                       cameras
                       (IsraelWire-11/10) Hizbullah guerilla forces are
                       stepping up their anti-Israel activities, including efforts
                       to block sophisticated IDF cameras installed along the
                       northern border. With the use of mirrors, Hizbullah is
                       working to block the effectiveness of the surveillance
                       cameras installed along the northern border.
                       The cameras, mounted atop armored personnel carriers,
                       were deployed following the unilateral IDF withdrawal
                       from southern Lebanon in June.                        Hizbullah activists are using mirrors to blind the
                       cameras with sunlight, making surveillance increasingly
                       difficult at a time when the northern border remains on
                       high alert.

@_date: 2000-11-10 15:15:16
@_author: anonymous at openpgp.net 
@_subject: CDR: synthetic images still k-porn to appeals ct 
Federal appeals panel upholds
              computer child-porn law               By David Hudson
              The Freedom Forum Online               11.07.00
              The 4th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals
              has become the third federal appeals
              court to uphold a federal law expanding
              the definition of child pornography to
              include computer-generated images of
              minors engaged in sexually explicit
              conduct  even if the images only
              appear to be of a minor.

@_date: 2000-11-14 08:01:18
@_author: anonymous at openpgp.net 
@_subject: CDR: sniffing plumes for DNA 
Some time back there was a thread
on obtaining DNA samples via
normally shed particles in the
air behind you.
Found this:
FEED: Theres been some talk of using the aura sniffer to do DNA analysis.     GS: Yeah. But mitochondrial DNA -- not nuclear DNA. Were releasing skin all the time, so its not like
    being requested to give a DNA sample and having to give consent. You cant keep your skin from coming
    off. So it is possible to sample mitochondrial DNA from the airborne skin flakes. Of course, before this was
    ever done it would have to go through the same rigorous procedure and scrutiny by the ACLU and so forth
    that the other technology does. Im not advocating it. Im just saying that the possibility exists. The
    possibility also exists to sample a wide variety of medical conditions non-obtrusively. And I think that could
    end up being a valuable instrument for medical diagnosis.

@_date: 2000-11-14 20:05:33
@_author: anonymous at openpgp.net 
@_subject: CDR: Re: A secure voting protocol 
Y2K didn't happen either... Your expecting way too much from this.

@_date: 2000-11-15 19:11:40
@_author: anonymous at openpgp.net 
@_subject: CDR: WWII biowarfare 
Soldier Testifies on Germ Warfare                                                    By MARI YAMAGUCHI, Associated Press Writer
                                                        TOKYO--Yoshio Shinozuka is still haunted by the ghoulish experiments he
                                                   helped carry out on captured Chinese civilians and soldiers as part of Japans
                                                   top-secret biological warfare program during World War II.                                                         The Japanese military performed vivisections without anesthesia in northern
                                                   China, casually referring to the people as "logs," the veteran recalled Wednesday
                                                   in Tokyo District Court.                                                         "I remember using the word as we compared how many logs we cut that day
                                                   with other unit members," he said.                                                         Though Shinozuka, 77, has spoken out before about his role, his testimony
                                                   makes him the first member of the notorious Unit 731 to detail Japans biological
                                                   warfare activities for the legal record. He was called as a witness for nearly 180
                                                   Chinese suing the Japanese government for compensation and an apology for the
                                                   deaths of family members allegedly killed by the unit.                                                         Shinozuka testified about participating in the mass production of cholera,
                                                   dysentery and typhoid germs at the units base in the city of Harbin in the early
                                                   1940s. He said he was often told to help out departments that needed to boost
                                                   germ production for upcoming deployments, including the 1939 Nomonhan clash
                                                   with Soviet troops near Mongolia and several other germ bombing attacks in
                                                   southern China in the 1940s.                                                         He said that just before the Nomonhan attack, he was responsible for
                                                   transferring dysentery and typhoid germs from test tubes to bigger jars, packing
                                                   them into barrels, sealing them and taking them to a night train for the attack.
                                                   Several unit members died after contracting typhoid.                                                         Shinozuka said he is still bothered by the vivisections, or surgical experiments
                                                   on living people.                                                         "I committed all these war crimes because I was ordered to do so," he said.
                                                   "The government should try to learn about the victims. I really think its time for
                                                   Japan to face this issue with humanitarian consideration."                                                         Shinozuka said the unit members were prohibited from disclosing to outsiders
                                                   what happened inside the unit. Notes and other written instructions were all
                                                   collected afterward.                                                         Former Unit 731 pilot Shoichi Matsumoto told the court later Wednesday that
                                                   he spread plague-infected fleas from an airplane over Hangzhou in 1940 and
                                                   Nanjing in 1941.                                                         Matsumoto told the court he carried healthy rats from a Tokyo suburb to
                                                   Harbin to get them infected with bubonic plague. He also flew to Singapore and
                                                   Java with the rats.                                                         The two veterans were testifying in the case, filed in 1997, that say at least
                                                   2,100 people were killed in the experiments. The trial is expected to continue for
                                                   several more months.                                                         Although some Japanese veterans such as Shinozuka have come forward in
                                                   recent years and confessed to war crimes, the Japanese government has resisted
                                                   making official apologies to China.                                                         Several years ago -after decades of denial -Tokyo finally acknowledged that
                                                   Unit 731 existed. But it has refused to confirm the extent of its activities.                                                         Japanese textbooks too often present only brief, perfunctory accounts of the
                                                   nations aggression in East Asia from the mid-1930s until the wars end in 1945.                                                         Shinozuka said one of his reasons for testifying was disappointment with the
                                                   governments efforts to come clean about the war, and said he was deeply sorry
                                                   for his actions.                                                         "What I have done was something that nobody should have done as a human
                                                   being," he said. "I cannot escape that responsibility."

@_date: 2000-11-15 19:12:27
@_author: anonymous at openpgp.net 
@_subject: CDR: New World Order .health 
WHO has proposed the creation of ".health" to join the small group of
 Internet top-level domains (TLDs) such as ".com" and ".org" that currently
 help users locate websites in their chosen field of interest

@_date: 2000-11-15 19:35:36
@_author: anonymous at openpgp.net 
@_subject: CDR: CIA proctologists 
US Citizenship is required, as is successful completion of a medical evaluation, polygraph interview and an extensive background investigation.
A "medical evaluation"??

@_date: 2000-11-15 19:54:39
@_author: anonymous at openpgp.net 
@_subject: CDR: ICANNt have privacy with whois 
Public Records Questioned on Web                                                    By ANICK JESDANUN, AP Internet Writer
                                                        MARINA DEL REY, Calif.--As more individuals build their own Web sites,
                                                   some privacy advocates now question requirements that the site owners disclose
                                                   their personal contact information.                                                         Names, e-mail addresses, postal addresses and telephone numbers for more
                                                   than 24 million domain names are stored in databases called Whois. The
                                                   information is available to anyone with an Internet connection.                                                         Its like a global phone directory -without the option for an unlisted number.                                                         "Sacrificing your privacy should not be a condition of access to the domain
                                                   space," said Alan Davidson, staff counsel with the Center for Democracy and
                                                   Technology.                                                         Most people may not care and would list their contact information anyway,
                                                   just like most telephone customers now list their numbers.                                                         But Davidson said Internet users ought to have a choice -for instance, they
                                                   may want to stay anonymous if they are human rights advocates and other
                                                   dissidents fearful of repercussion from oppressive governments.                                                         Ellen Rony, author of the Domain Name Handbook, said she knew of
                                                   someone stalked based on information from the databases.                                                         On the other hand, she said, the tool proves helpful for researchers to gauge
                                                   the origins and veracity of Web sites, and the stalking incident appears an
                                                   aberration.                                                         "I can see both sides," she said. "Historically, Whois is always public."                                                         The Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers, which oversees
                                                   the master record keeper of Web addresses and the domain registration
                                                   companies, currently requires disclosure of contact information for holders of
                                                   .com, .net and .org names.                                                         Andrew McLaughlin, ICANNs chief policy officer, said the organization may
                                                   have to revisit Whois policies next year, but it is not on the agenda for its annual
                                                   meeting this week.                                                         Part of the drive comes from the European Union, which passed a law
                                                   prohibiting the transfer of data to the United States and other non-EU countries
                                                   that dont meet EU standards for protecting personal information.                                                         Back in the 1980s, when the Whois database was developed, Internet privacy
                                                   wasnt a big deal. The Internet was mostly a research tool for government and
                                                   universities.                                                         "We all knew each other," said Karl Auerbach, a longtime Internet user who
                                                   was recently elected to ICANN.                                                         But these days, Auerbach said, that same Whois database creates unwanted
                                                   e-mail and unsolicited phone calls.                                                         Davidson said times have changed, and the Internet must change as well.                                                         "Now, you have regular people using it and theres a much greater need to
                                                   protect privacy," he said.                                                         Registration companies offer access to the databases in order to let users
                                                   determine whether the domain names they want are available. But when a name is
                                                   taken, the registrar often links to the records for that name as well.                                                         The idea is to help users contact the names owner for possible purchase, even
                                                   though the databases originally helped computer administrators contact one
                                                   another when networks go awry.                                                         Lawyers also use the databases to check on names that may tread on their
                                                   clients trademark rights. Steven J. Metalitz, vice president for the International
                                                   Intellectual Property Alliance, said such open access is important to deter abusers.                                                         At VeriSign Global Registry Services, which runs the databases for .com, .net
                                                   and .org, Vice President Chuck Gomes said technology may settle the issue in the
                                                   next year or two.                                                         New tools, he said, could help meet the needs of law enforcement officials and
                                                   trademark owners while protecting privacy for individuals in other circumstances.                                                         In the meantime, the records remain open, and many of the proposals for new
                                                   domain suffixes call for open Whois databases as well.                                                       "Its the model thats out there," said John Kane, head of a marketing task
                                                   force for Afilias, which is seeking a .web suffix. "Its a public resource. You dont
                                                   own a domain name. You own the right to use it."

@_date: 2000-11-16 19:52:01
@_author: anonymous at openpgp.net 
@_subject: CDR: ED being clueful re .kids 
Board members generally agreed to avoid controlling content
               and rejected .kids for children and .health for prescreened
               health information.                "I dont think this is something ICANN should be promising
               in the first place, and second we would be promising more
               than we could deliver," Dyson said of .kids. So, who gets crypto.biz?

@_date: 2000-11-17 03:33:32
@_author: anonymous at openpgp.net 
@_subject: CDR: colorful chars correcting remailer issue 
Mania + engineering = (you know who) depending on intensity...

@_date: 2000-11-18 01:46:40
@_author: anonymous at openpgp.net 
@_subject: CDR: Carnivore not as selective as FBI said, privacy group charges 
Carnivore FOIA Docs By JENNIFER DISABATINO (November 17, 2000) Carnivore, the FBI's e-mail surveillance software, is capable of capturing "all unfiltered traffic," despite assurances from the FBI this summer that the program only captures e-mails going to people on whom the FBI has a warrant. The Electronic Privacy Information Center (EPIC) in Washington requested all FBI documents on Carnivore through a Freedom of Information Act request, and those documents are being released piecemeal after a judge's order (see story). An independent review team from the Illinois Institute of Technology Research Institute (IITRI) is due to file a draft "technical report" on the Carnivore system with the U.S. Department of Justice today. "The little information that has become public raises serious questions about the privacy implications of this technology," said David Sobel, general counsel for EPIC. "The American public cannot be expected to accept an Internet snooping system that is veiled in secrecy." The latest release of documents to EPIC was posted online yesterday. According to the released document, which summarizes tests done to the Carnivore software in May, "The PC [running Carnivore] could reliably capture all unfiltered traffic to the internal hard drive (HD) (words deleted)." "I think they just ran a test just to see the capabilities," said a spokesman at the FBI, who confirmed the release of the documents to EPIC. He added that the test may not be how Carnivore is actually deployed. Previously released documents reveal that Carnivore was originally created in February 1997 under the name Omnivore, and it was originally proposed for a Sun Microsystems Inc. Solaris X86 computer. In June last year, Omnivore was replaced by a system the FBI now calls Carnivore, which runs on a Windows NT-based computer. The data released by the FBI also includes a discussion of interception of voice over IP and reviews of tests for performance and recovery from attacks and crashes for both Omnivore and Carnivore. The existence of Carnivore was revealed when an attorney for Atlanta-based Internet service provider Earthlink Inc. told a House Judiciary Committee in April that the FBI was requiring the company to install the system on its network to fulfill court-ordered surveillance of criminal suspects. But the company resisted the installation of the secretive system because it caused performance problems on its network. It also couldn't examine the technology to determine if its capturing of e-mail, IP addresses and other traffic violated the privacy of other customers.

@_date: 2000-11-20 07:59:31
@_author: anonymous at openpgp.net 
@_subject: CDR: Redux:ABCNews.com on election eve: blunder, or forecast? 
It seemed like our United New World Trading Order of Internationally
Banking Trilateral Masters were playing the cards close to their chest
this election.
Democracy was now showing the seams of the media's 1998 premature
release of the names of our (as yet) unelected masters. Had no-one
told the media whores at ABC that coming in the mouths of your
'consumer base' is considered bad taste?
One of the more prophylactic measures instituted by the pimps on the
hill was to stop revealing the results of the elections to the press
the week before they were counted, but this wasn't enough.
Somewhere in America, perhaps in your town, perhaps in your very
school, a little girl had stopped believing in democracy! The public faith in the democratic process, which had always been
strong, was now in danger of collapse. If election results were so
easily 'predicted', where was the incentive to vote? And if the public
didn't vote, they'd turn their energies to lobbying for special
interests, leaving the pimps as redundant as betamax.
Panic (and dare I say anarchy) reigned in the dimly lit back rooms of
Washington D.C. Somebody, anybody had to _do_ something, and do it
But, as always, the pimps had a solution. They asked the media to pull
one more trick for them. There would be an election, with two candidates so closely matched
that the public would be unable to decide between them. They would
have the same policies, make the same promises, and wear the same
suits. The election would be so close, that a handful of voters would decide
the next President Of The United States. The media would tease the
public again and again with the final result, before snatching it back
in a tantric, fiery renewal of the democratic spirit.
And thus, The American Way was saved...
--------Forwarded Message--------
    Date:Thu, 05 Nov 1998 08:56:34 -0500
    To:politech at vorlon.mit.edu
    From:Declan McCullagh     Subject:FC: ABCNews.com on election eve: blunder, or forecast?
    Reply-To:declan at well.com

@_date: 2000-11-21 00:07:15
@_author: anonymous at openpgp.net 
@_subject: CDR: E - mail Surveillance Tool Vindicated 
WASHINGTON (AP) -- The Chicago law school dean who reviewed the FBI's controversial e-mail surveillance tool said Monday his report concludes it works the way the bureau described and generally doesn't ``overcollect'' evidence as feared by privacy advocates.
On the eve of the Justice Department's release of his review findings, Henry H. Perritt Jr., dean of the Illinois Institute of Technology's Chicago-Kent College of Law, said the report contains recommended improvements to the Carnivore system -- both for efficiency and privacy -- that likely won't be made public Tuesday.
``I think that it's fair to say that it does pretty much what the FBI says it did. For the most part, it does not overcollect. There's certain recommendations as to how it could be improved,'' he said in an interview with The Associated Press.
Perritt declined to list the recommendations or how Carnivore sometimes overcollected.
Privacy advocates were alarmed by an FBI lab report last week stating that Carnivore ``could reliably capture and archive all unfiltered traffic to the internal hard drive.''
The FBI said that the lab report was the result of a test to determine Carnivore's ``breaking point,'' and that laws and court orders restricted Carnivore from being used so broadly. Privacy advocates, however, said the test shows that Carnivore is more powerful than the FBI has stated.
Perritt said the FBI was ``completely open and cooperative'' during the review.
Justice spokeswoman Chris Watney said Monday that the Carnivore report was received last week, and will be made available to the public Tuesday.
The intervening days, she said, were needed to black out parts of the report that mention Carnivore's internal blueprints and other sensitive information. The recommendations probably will be held back as well, Perritt said.
Carnivore was designed by the FBI to collect e-mail going to or from a suspect, in cases where a suspect may be using electronic communications. Privacy experts have worried about the breadth of Carnivore's capability and its ``black box'' nature.
Shortly after IIT was chosen to perform the review, ordered by Attorney General Janet Reno, critics said the review would not be independent because the reviewers were government insiders.
``This important issue deserves a truly independent review, not a whitewash,'' House Majority Leader Dick Armey, R-Texas, a longtime Carnivore opponent, said in October.
Perritt advised President Clinton's transition team on information policy and performing other tasks for the Clinton administration, as well as previous Republican administrations.
Associate Dean Harold J. Krent, another member of the team, worked at the Justice Department in the 1980s, and several team members have current or former security clearances from the Defense Department, Treasury Department or the National Security Agency.
Perritt repeatedly affirmed that he was completely independent, and that his reputation would be damaged if he was anything but impartial.
Most of the nation's elite academic computer departments -- including the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Purdue University and the San Diego Supercomputer Center -- either declined to review Carnivore or withdrew their applications after objecting to the requirements the Justice Department placed on the review.
The bureau says Carnivore has been used about 25 times, mostly involving national security.
On the Net: Federal Bureau of Investigation: Department of Justice: Chicago-Kent College of Law:

@_date: 2000-11-27 13:15:11
@_author: anonymous at openpgp.net 
@_subject: CDR: german copyright fascism CD tax 
HP to pay antipiracy fee for CD
               burners
               FRANKFURT, Germany (AP)  Computer giant
               Hewlett-Packard has become the first company to be snagged
               by a German law requiring firms to pay fees for making CD
               burners that are being used to illegally lift the latest hits off the
               World Wide Web.                The case sets the stage for other European countries to possibly
               adopt similar rules to stem an epidemic that cost the music
               industry an estimated $5 billion last year. But analysts blasted
               the agreement reached Thursday as another example of
               Germanys notorious thatch of regulations.

@_date: 2000-11-27 13:30:18
@_author: anonymous at openpgp.net 
@_subject: CDR: another J Bell report not _Wired_ 
Bitter Man Accused of Stalking
                    Federal Agents                     Sought to Turn Tables on Investigators, Authorities Charge                     Nov. 21, 2000                     By Joe Beaird                     TACOMA, Wash. (APBnews.com) -- A convicted felon with a
                    decade-long antagonism against the federal government has been
                    arrested for stalking two Treasury Department agents.                     James D. Bell of Vancouver is being held at a federal detention
                    center near the SeaTac International Airport as he awaits a bail
                    hearing Wednesday.                     Bell is the author of an Internet manifesto called Assassination
                    Politics, which proposes a way for people to anonymously claim cash
                    rewards for correctly "predicting" the deaths of government
                    employees and officeholders.                     The current charges against Bell allege
                    that he made interstate trips attempting to
                    track down agents Jeff Gordon and Mike
                    McNall, who work for the Treasury
                    Departments inspector general for tax
                    administration.                     Bell allegedly pursued these agents, who
                    had investigated him in previous cases, "with the intent to injure or
                    harass" them, according to the 17-page criminal complaint filed with
                    the U.S. District Court, Western District of Washington at Tacoma.                     Prior record                     Gordon led a team of agents who searched Bells house and
                    arrested him in 1997 on similar stalking charges. He has also
                    testified against Bell -- a Massachusetts Institute of Technology
                    chemistry graduate -- on several occasions.                     McNall was involved in another 1996 case in which Bell was
                    convicted of "corrupt interference" with internal revenue laws.                     "It had to do with Mr. Bells belief that the agents were illegally
                    harassing him, and his response was to begin an investigation of
                    them," said Bells court-appointed defense lawyer Robert M. Leen.                     Leen was appointed after Bell complained in Internet-published
                    letters that the federal public defenders office was acting in collusion
                    with federal prosecutors.                     "Given Mr. Bells history of stalking and aggressively pursuing people
                    when he feels that someone has wronged him, the public defenders
                    office thought it would be best if someone outside the office
                    represented him," Leen told APBnews.com.                     Allegedly gathered names of workers                     According to the criminal complaint against him, Bell has been using
                    online databases, voter registration data and motor vehicle records
                    to collect the names and home addresses of dozens of government
                    employees working for the IRS, FBI, Bureau of Alcohol Tobacco and
                    Firearms, as well as members of local police agencies.                     He also has bragged of using his chemistry knowledge to
                    manufacture the toxic nerve gas sarin, the complaint alleges.                     In 1997, he pleaded guilty to contaminating an IRS office with
                    noxious chemicals, collecting the names of IRS employees,
                    attempting to obstruct the enforcement of internal revenue laws, and
                    using false Social Security numbers to hide his assets, according to
                    the criminal complaint against him.                     Bell apparently believes that federal officials will be less apt to
                    investigate him if he collects personal information about them. In
 "It is very likely that
                    these people will be far more pliable and less abusive in the future if
                    they are well-known."                     After having tracked down what he thought was Gordons home
                    address and personal information, but which was in fact data about
                    another Jeff Gordon who has a son, Joshua, Bell allegedly posted
                    the following Internet message: "So say goodnight to Joshua, Mr.
                    Anonymous. Tell him its not his fault that his father is a thug."                     Playing with chemicals                     Bells vendetta against the government apparently took root in 1989
                    when he was arrested for the possession of unregistered chemicals
                    at his home, said Milo Wadlin, Bells brother-in-law.                     "He picked up this one chemical that has almost no uses except to
                    manufacture methamphetamines," Wadlin told APBnews.com. "It
                    wasnt illegal to have it, but they busted his place and it was all over
                    the papers that he had a meth lab. ... He became bitter at that point."
                    Though not illegal to possess, the chemical had to be registered,
                    and Bell failed to do so. He was sentenced to probation, which he
                    apparently violated, according to court records.                     Bell had always been a prankster, Wadlin said, and used to delight in
                    filling aerosol cans with marijuana odor and spraying them at police
                    gatherings. But after his arrest for unregistered chemicals, the tone
                    changed, he said.

@_date: 2000-11-27 21:56:30
@_author: anonymous at openpgp.net 
@_subject: CDR: Carnivore Probe Mollifies Some  
A report is to conclude that the FBI's e-mail surveillance system does not threaten civil liberties. Privacy advocates remain unconvinced. By Jennifer DiSabatino Privacy advocates said they remain leery about the FBI's Carnivore e-mail surveillance system following last night's release of a draft report on the technology by an independent review team, despite the report's conclusions that the controversial software essentially does what it was designed to do  track specific digital communications with the permission of a court order. But others, including the FBI, said the report prepared by the Chicago-based IIT Research Institute (IITRI) shows that Carnivore just needs to be fine-tuned and then closely monitored itself in order to prevent the system from being improperly used by law-enforcement officials. "I believe, at least at a basic level, that this established that Carnivore doesn't bite off more than it can chew," said Kenneth Segarnick, assistant general counsel at messaging services vendor United Messaging in West Chester, Pa. "Now we need to put a leash on it and make sure that it's only unleashed under a certain set of circumstances. Carnivore still can do quite a bit. They call it Carnivore for a reason." For example, Segarnick  who has testified before Congress on workplace e-mail security measures  suggested that regulations be put in place "so that the FBI does not have the automatic right to trap the 'to' and 'from' lines on e-mails" while using Carnivore to investigate suspected criminal activities. And he said legislation also needs to be enacted to make sure the software doesn't collect data on people who aren't being investigated. Carnivore is a software program that monitors packets of data passing through an Internet service provider's network. Officials at the FBI and the DOJ have said the surveillance system can only be legally deployed to monitor allegedly criminal activity under a court order, similar to the regulations that govern the use of telephone wiretaps. The report by IITRI, which was edited by officials at the U.S. Department of Justice before being released, said Carnivore isn't powerful enough to monitor "almost everyone with an e-mail account" at an ISP or to follow individual Internet users as they surf the Web. But the report added that the software "can record any traffic it monitors" if it has been incorrectly configured by investigators (see story). Privacy advocates seized on that point as a confirmation that Carnivore could be used to collect broad swaths of data on individuals. The Electronic Privacy Information Center (EPIC), a Washington-based privacy group that's seeking the release of all the FBI's Carnivore-related documents through a Freedom of Information Act request, yesterday issued a statement charging that the IITRI report "raises more questions than it answers." "If it's that easy for the FBI to accidentally collect too much data, imagine how simple it would be for agents to do so intentionally," said David Sobel, EPIC's general counsel. "This supports our belief that Carnivore raises extremely serious privacy concerns." But FBI spokesman Paul Bresson said those kinds of concerns are overstated. "We never denied that it had the capability to capture more [data than an investigation requires]," he said. "What we maintained was that it had the filtering devices to capture only the data pertaining to the court order." Bresson added that the FBI is now looking at improving the Carnivore software so it would only target the subject of an investigation without collecting information about other people whose e-mail messages are transmitted across an ISP's network as part of the same packet of data. But Jennifer Granick, an attorney and privacy advocate in San Francisco, said the FBI should have done that from the start. "If the device intends to adhere to the law, then design it that way," she said. Granick acknowledged that the likelihood of unintentional privacy violations is limited, but she said Carnivore gives individual employees within the FBI the ability to monitor anyone they want to track. That kind of rogue usage is the real threat, Granick said. Jennifer DiSabatino writes for the IDG News Service

@_date: 2000-11-28 12:45:21
@_author: anonymous at openpgp.net 
@_subject: CDR: pictures free speech compulsory youth education camps 
Nov 28, 2000 - 12:12 PM             Court to Review Whether Boys
            Drawings Constitute a Threat             The Associated Press
            BOSTON (AP) - The states highest court is reviewing two
            drawings penned by a 12-year-old Worcester, Mass.,
            student, to determine if they were a threat against his
            teacher.             The drawings, made two years ago, depict a boy holding a
            gun pointed at a teacher as she says "please dont kill me"
            and sobs.             A lower court sentenced the boy last year to more than five
            years probation. The Supreme Judicial Court heard
            arguments in the case Nov. 7 and is expected to rule soon.             Kathleen Kelly, the boys lawyer, told the SJC that a picture
            cannot be considered a threat, The Boston Globe reported
            Tuesday.             "If a picture communicates a thousand words, why does one
            need a thousand words?" Chief Justice Margaret Marshall
            asked.             "Because if its a picture alone, theres no intent within that
            picture to communicate the threat," Kelly answered.             Worcester County prosecutor Sandra Hautanen argued that
            schools must be mindful of recent school shootings. Students
            in several Massachusetts town have been arrested,
            disciplined or expelled this year for alleged threats.             Some student rights advocates say school leaders have
            overreacted in the wake of high-profile school shootings.             "The punishment really does need to fit the crime, and I feel
            like weve been using a sledgehammer when a little tapper
            might be more effective," said Isabel Raskin of the Juvenile
            Justice Center at Suffolk University Law School.

@_date: 2000-11-28 13:10:27
@_author: anonymous at openpgp.net 
@_subject: CDR: sex.com forgery reversed by judge 
Monday November 27 8:35 PM ET
                U.S. Judge Orders sex.com Address
                Returned to Owner                 By Andrew Quinn
                SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - A judge ordered a major sex
                change on the Internet on Monday, ending a hot-blooded
                struggle over arguably the most valuable piece of real estate in
                cyberspace -- the rights to the name sex.com.
                U.S. District Judge James Ware ordered Stephen Cohen, who
                has turned the sex.com Web site into a multimillion pornography
                business, to turn the address over to San Francisco entrepreneur
                Gary Kremen -- who had the foresight to register the address in
                1994, at the dawn of the Internet age.
                Im just a small guy and this is a huge guy who has built an
                empire based on fraud and deceit, an overjoyed Kremen told
                reporters outside the San Jose, Calif., courthouse after Wares
                decision. Im like a little guy, so I feel pretty good about it.
                Cohen did not return calls seeking comment in the case, and his
                lawyers declined to speak to reporters at the courthouse.
                The judges order marked an important step in resolving the
                issues of Internet claim-jumping and the real value of cyber real
                estate.
                According to Kremens lawyers, Cohen took control of the
                sex.com address in 1995 by presenting forged transfer of
                ownership documentation to Network Solutions Inc., which
                oversees the allocation of Web site addresses.
                Using a company registered in the British Virgin Islands, Cohen
                proceeded to turn sex.com into what Kremens lawyers call a
                multimillion dollar sex empire -- a one-stop shop for the
                nastiest, raunchiest pornography the Internet has to offer.

@_date: 2000-11-30 02:49:34
@_author: anonymous at openpgp.net 
@_subject: CDR: Judge Backs Anonymous 4 in Case  
JJJJJMORRISTOWN, N.J.--A Superior Court judge has refused to unmask four individuals who posted anonymous online messages about a software company. JJJJJDendrite International, based in Morristown, wanted the judge to publicly identify the Internet users, who it says revealed company secrets and committed libel against Dendrite. JJJJJSuperior Court Judge Kenneth C. MacKenzie on Tuesday sided with the defendants. JJJJJIn the lawsuit, filed in May, Dendrite alleged false statements about the company were made by three of the defendants, and that two who identified themselves as company employees violated their contracts to not criticize the company. JJJJJDendrite requested that Internet portal Yahoo! release the names of the four, identified in court papers as "ajcazz," "gacbar," "xxplrr" and "implementor extrodinaire." JJJJJ"By setting forth strict evidentiary standards for compelled identification, and then showing that these standards can produce real protection for anonymity, this decision is a tremendous victory for free speech," said Paul Levy, an attorney with Public Citizen, the consumer advocacy group founded by Ralph Nader, which intervened in the case on behalf of the defendants. JJJJJDendrite referred inquiries to their Los Angeles-based lawyer, Robert Bonner, who did not immediately return a telephone message from The Associated Press seeking comment.

@_date: 2000-11-30 13:55:33
@_author: anonymous at openpgp.net 
@_subject: ZKS .signature ads? (was: Re: online copy of Vinge's True Names) 
Those using mydejacluelessmail.com to send messages through the public
remailer network can use "cutmarks" to remove the irritating "Sign up For
MyDejaCluelessmail" footers from their messages which a) are obnoxious and
b) can leak information.
Why is there such a tag at the bottom of *your* note? Is this a default
.signature that you just chose not to remove/alter? Or is it inserted
courtesy of Freedom without the option to omit?  If the latter, my loathing of Freedom has just increased substantially --
pay $50 for some crummy nyms and then be forced to carry ZKS advertising
to boot?  No thank you.

@_date: 2000-10-06 13:10:41
@_author: anonymous at openpgp.net 
@_subject: CDR: delete this judge 
from /.
"According to The New York
          Times (free registration required, for those who care
          about such things), a prominent judge recently wrote an
          article saying that the delete key should actually delete
          things, not just hide them away where lawyers and skilled
          computer geeks can get at them years later. Specifically,
          he proposes that a statute of limitations be imposed upon
          electronic messages--that, for example, an obnoxious
          email you send today could be held against you for six
          months and six months only." The judges original paper is
          linked off of The Green Bag.

@_date: 2000-10-06 14:25:51
@_author: anonymous at openpgp.net 
@_subject: CDR: delete this judge 
from /.
"According to The New York
          Times (free registration required, for those who care
          about such things), a prominent judge recently wrote an
          article saying that the delete key should actually delete
          things, not just hide them away where lawyers and skilled
          computer geeks can get at them years later. Specifically,
          he proposes that a statute of limitations be imposed upon
          electronic messages--that, for example, an obnoxious
          email you send today could be held against you for six
          months and six months only." The judges original paper is
          linked off of The Green Bag.

@_date: 2000-10-09 14:45:46
@_author: anonymous at openpgp.net 
@_subject: CDR: pigs use Inet for domestic intelligence at Phish  
Friday September 22 06:47 PM EDT
                Undercover Police Go Online To
                Bust Phish Fans                 By Contributing Editor Richard B. Simon reports
                After using the Internet to investigate the reputation and the
                lingo of Phish fans, undercover law-enforcement agents
                arrested as many as 90 concertgoers on substance-related charges at the jam bands
                show Monday in Cuyahoga Falls, Ohio.
                Sgt. Larry Wagner of the Cuyahoga Falls Police Departments narcotics division said
                officers made arrests for 12 felonies and 10 misdemeanors outside the Blossom
                Music Center. Charges ranged from underage possession of alcohol to felony
                possession and trafficking in LSD, psychedelic mushrooms and Ecstasy.
                In the days before the Vermont band arrived in town, Capt. Barry Milich of the
                Sheriffs Department compared notes with police from other towns Phish had
                visited, while Wagner went online to research the Phish subculture for tips on how
                his undercover officers could fit in and understand the lingo.
                "Our guys will go up and say, Hey, you got any Molly (Ecstasy) or anything like
                that? " Wagner said. "They dont just sell grilled-cheese sandwiches out there."
                Wagner estimated that 70 to 80 officers from three agencies  the Cuyahoga Falls
                Police Department, the Summit County Sheriffs Department and the Ohio
                Department of Public Safety  were at the show, mostly in plainclothes, policing
                about 20,000 concertgoers. But the Phish fans picked up on the police presence
                quickly and would surround officers making arrests.
                "We knew when we were being made," Wagner said. "After the first arrest, they
                stated six up, meaning ... theyre here and theyre making an arrest, and for the
                mounted unit, it was six up, giddy up. So we were able to figure that out early on. ...
                Maybe I should have checked the Internet a little bit better before they came. Im
                back from the old school. I was waiting to hear pig and stuff like that, but I didnt
                hear any of that."
                Wagner admitted that some of the undercover officers blended in better than others.
                "I think Phish fans can tell the difference between Kmart tie-dyes and the ones they
                get at the concert."
                Most of the arrests were made before and during the show, Wagner said, while
                thousands of ticketless fans remained in the parking lot.
                Agent Rita Raimer of the Ohio Department of Public Safety said the department
                made 18 arrests in connection with underage possession of alcohol.
                Ohio penalties for drug possession range from likely probation for first-time
                offenders to possible jail time for those who have extensive criminal records or
                were caught selling large amounts. Wagner said all the felony arrests his department
                made were for "low-grade" offenses, for which the state has no mandatory minimum
                jail time.
                A Phish spokesperson declined to comment on the arrests. Many Phish fans follow
                the band from venue to venue, in the tradition of the Grateful Dead, so the band plays
                a different setlist each night, playing a mix of earlier tunes such as "Prince Caspian"
                ( RealAudio excerpt) and newer material such as "The Inlaw Josie Wales" ( RealAudio
                excerpt), from this years Farmhouse.

@_date: 2000-10-10 13:35:51
@_author: anonymous at openpgp.net 
@_subject: CDR: fingerprinting homeless 
Looking forward to chip-implants in
homeless people...
California county plans to
                  fingerprint homeless
                  October 10, 2000
                  Web posted at: 9:32 AM EDT (1332 GMT)
                  RIVERSIDE, California (AP) -- County officials are planning
                  a voluntary fingerprint program for the homeless as part of an
                  effort they say will provide better services.                   "This is strictly for the purpose of identifying an individual so
                  we can track their services more effectively and better plan
                  for their needs," Kevin Gaines, spokesman for the Riverside
                  Countys Department of Public Social Services, said Monday.                   But some of the homeless and their advocates say the move is
                  too intrusive.                   "Im not hiding anything but I think its just getting into my
                  business a little bit," Gary Cervantes said. "It feels a little bit
                  like they are tagging an animal."                   Attorney Dan Tokaji of the American Civil Liberties Union
                  said homeless people would be intimidated into taking part in
                  the program.                   "When you have someone in position of power requesting
                  information from a needy person, there is inherent coercion,"
                  he said.                   Officials say fingerprinting will provide a more reliable count
                  of the homeless and access to more federal grants to help
                  them. They are planning to visit shelters beginning next month.
                  Some transients see the benefits of the program.                   Angel Monroy recalled that doctors had troubled identifying
                  him after he lapsed into a coma in 1992.                   "When you live on the streets anything could happen where
                  you would need to be identified," he said.

@_date: 2000-10-10 14:11:04
@_author: anonymous at openpgp.net 
@_subject: CDR: gargoyling knockers 
New Penalties for Upskirt
A videocamera can now be counted
as a criminal tool
                   Video Peeping
                   Ohio Hikes Jail Time and Fine for High-Tech Toms                    Oct. 10, 2000                                     COLUMBUS, Ohio (AP) -- Gina Bell
                                    was waiting for a carnival ride at a
                                    church festival with her baby daughter
                                    when she became spooked by the
                                    man behind her. When she shifted in
                                    line, he would move with her.                    "As I crouched down to put the baby in my stroller, I saw a
                   video camera sticking out of his bag, taping up my dress," the
                   34-year-old former kindergarten teacher recalled Monday.                    "It rocked my whole sense of security."                    Ban secret taping in public                    Beginning today, Ohio law increases
                   the penalties for secretly taking
                   pictures up a womans skirt or down
                   her shirt, called "upskirting" and
                   "downblousing."                    Most states have laws that prohibit
                   taking pictures of people in private
                   places such as dressing rooms or
                   restrooms, but only Ohio and
                   California specifically ban the
                   practice of secretly filming someone
                   under their clothing in public places
                   for sexual gratification, according to
                   the National Conference of State
                   Legislatures. Similar legislation is
                   pending in New York.                    Web sites promote voyeurism                    The Internet has made the practice
                   more common, with Web sites
                   posting images, buying pictures from
                   high-tech Peeping Toms and telling
                   users where to buy hidden cameras,
                   the laws supporters say.                    "These Web sites basically promote the practice and
                   encourage people to go out and try to do this to as many
                   women as possible -- kind of like a mission impossible
                   challenge," said state Rep. Ed Jerse, who sponsored the
                   Ohio legislation after hearing Bells story.                    The man who photographed Bell, David Bartolucci, pleaded
                   no contest to voyeurism and possession of criminal tools and
                   served 10 days in jail. He was also ordered to spend 30 days
                   in home detention, serve 200 hours of community service
                   and enroll in a therapy program.                    Suspect photographed himself                    Bartolucci had secretly photographed 13 women that day and
                   had unknowingly filmed his own face, which police used to
                   identify him, police said.                    Bartoluccis attorney, John Luskin, says his client was under
                   the influence of alcohol.                    California lawmakers banned upskirting and downblousing
                   after police discovered hidden cameras had filmed women at
                   Disneyland, the Garden Grove Strawberry Festival and an
                   Orange County, Calif., beach.                    Many of those images were transmitted on the Internet, but
                   police couldnt file charges against the photographers
                   because there was no specific law against the activity.                    The new Ohio law increases penalties to six months in jail
                   and a $1,000 fine, from the current 30 days and $500 fine.
                   California, where the law went into effect Jan. 1, has the same
                   punishment.

@_date: 2000-10-12 13:05:57
@_author: anonymous at openpgp.net 
@_subject: CDR: simonsingh on bbc 
I am currently presenting a TV series for Channel 4
             in Britain, entitled The Science of Secrecy. It airs on
             Thursday nights at either 9.00 or 9.30pm until November
             2. The final programme includes an exclusive interview
             with Clifford Cocks, the secret co-inventor of RSA. This is
             the first time that a British Government cryptographer has
             been permitted to talk about his work. Details of the series
             can be found on the Channel 4 website
             The series is accompanied by a book entitled The
             Science of Secrecy. Please note, this is an adaptation of
             The Code Book, and so it will not be of interest to
             anybody who has already read The Code Book. It has
             the advantage of following the series more closely and
             contains more illustrations. Hence, I would certainly
             recommend it to anybody who has not read The Code
             Book, and who wants to learn more about cryptography
             having watched the TV series.
             I hope that the TV series will be shown overseas, but as
             yet there are no plans to do this.

@_date: 2000-10-12 13:10:32
@_author: anonymous at openpgp.net 
@_subject: CDR: Stu Baker making an ass of himself at Surveillance by Desgn 
In Mr Baker, who served as the General Counsel (senior lawyer) of the U.S. National
                    Security Agency from 1992-1994, began his speech in "anonymous" disguise, wearing
                    a large black cycle mask and a baseball cap turned back to front. He made a series of
                    rude remarks about himself and others, in an attempt to show the dangers of what he
                    called "the anonymity industry". The audience appeared baffled by his conduct.  Does anyone have pictures online? Former NSA counsel Stuart Baker cited ZKS a week later as a leading member of the
                    "anonymity industry" and claimed "in the long term, law enforcement will find ways to
                    make anonymity partial". Companies like ZKS, he threatened, could in some countries
                    face civil discovery suits, or even "could be charged with complicity in crime". Its
                    "something to keep your eyes on", he added with apparent enthusiasm.  We know who we should keep an eye on, Stu baby

@_date: 2000-10-12 13:50:26
@_author: anonymous at openpgp.net 
@_subject: CDR: thank you Mr. Bin Laden 
Historical and current counter-US
activities seem to be focussing more
on hitting the .mil (and spyhqHHHembassies) vs. airlines.
Members of the flying public appreciate
your new, more-to-the-point focus, Osama, and
your PR consultant should be praised.
See you in Utah...
By The Associated Press
                     A look at recent terrorist attacks against United States interests.
                     July 8, 1998 -- U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania bombed, killing
                     224 people, 12 of whom were Americans.
                     June 25, 1996 -- Truck bomb explodes outside the Khobar Towers
                     housing complex near Dharan, Saudi Arabia, killing 19 Americans and
                     injuring more than 500 Americans and Saudis.
                     Nov. 13, 1995 -- Car bomb detonates at a U.S. military headquarters in
                     Riyadh, Saudi Arabia, killing five Americans.
                     Sept. 13, 1995 -- Rocket-propelled grenade pierces wall of U.S.
                     Embassy in Moscow, but causes no injuries.
                     Dec. 21, 1988 -- Pan Am Boeing 747 explodes over Lockerbie, Scotland
                     on a flight from London to New York, killing 270 people.
                     Sept. 5, 1986 -- Hijackers seize Pan Am jumbo jet carrying 358 people at
                     Karachi Airport. Twenty people killed when security forces storm the
                     plane.
                     April 2, 1986 -- Four Americans killed when a bomb under a seat
                     explodes on a TWA airliner en route from Rome to Athens.
                     June 14, 1985 -- Shiite gunmen seize a TWA airliner and forced it to
                     Beirut, Lebanon. U.S. Navy diver was killed and 39 Americans held
                     hostage for 17 days.
                     Sept. 20, 1984 -- Car bomb at U.S. Embassy annex in east Beirut,
                     Lebanon kills 16 and injures the ambassador.
                     Dec. 12, 1983 -- Shiite extremists set off car bombs in front of the U.S.
                     and French embassies in Kuwait City, killing five people and wounding
                     86.
                     Oct. 23, 1983 -- Shiite suicide bomber blows up U.S. Marine barracks in
                     Beirut, Lebanon, killing 241 Americans.
                     April 18, 1983 -- Suicide car-bomber blows up U.S. Embassy in Beirut,
                     killing 17 Americans.
                     Nov. 4, 1979 -- Islamic students storm U.S. Embassy in Tehran, Iran,
                     holding 52 Americans hostage for 444 days.

@_date: 2000-10-17 06:10:52
@_author: anonymous at openpgp.net 
@_subject: CDR: cell phones 
The Fedz can watch who you call and what
DTMF tones you press without the same
warrant they need to listen to voice.
Your cellphone location (ergo, yours) is 0wn3d by them too.
As is your cellphone-stored address book, in practice.
WAP encrypts data between your phone and the
basestation, at which point it is cleartext,
and may continue on as a new ssl session, and you trust your cell service provider
dont you?
Oh, and dont think GSL, which
stands for voice encryption for gullible
europeans, is going to help :-) Clearly cellphones need more low-power MIPS to do
the crypto they really should be doing.  And
the OEMs need a few uncoercable paranoids on their design staff.  Otherwise theyre
just deceiving customers, or even making them more exposed than before.
Ann Fibian
"You have no privacy.  Now bend over and smile" ---Scott McNealy

@_date: 2000-10-17 20:45:25
@_author: anonymous at openpgp.net 
@_subject: CDR: NSA into cyberwar soon 
U.S. spy chief: Cyberspace a
                   potential battlefield
                   BALTIMORE, Maryland
                   (Reuters) -- The head of the
                   super-secret U.S. National
                   Security Agency (NSA) said
                   Monday that cyberspace had
                   become as important a potential
                   battlefield as any other and held
                   out the prospect of attacking
                   there as well as defending.                    "Information is now a place," Air Force Lt. Gen. Michael
                   Hayden told a major computer security conference here. "It is a
                   place where we must ensure American security as surely as ...
                   and, sea, air and space."                    He cited moves to define the "legal structure into which we
                   must fit" before offensive "information operations" --
                   cyberattacks -- were officially added to the arsenal that U.S.
                   commanders can use against a foe. The NSA is the Defense
                   Department arm that intercepts communications worldwide.                    The world of information "has taken on a dimension within
                   which we will conduct operations to ensure American security,"
                   Hayden said, adding that the NSA had not been authorized to
                   do "that attack thing," or go on the offensive in cyberspace.                    "But as the United States government begins to think about
                   what it should or wants to do when it is under attack, it raises a
                   really interesting question that we all have to work through in
                   the context of our overall democracy," he said.                    A year ago Army Gen. Henry Shelton, chairman of the Joint
                   Chiefs of Staff, disclosed that the United States tried to mount
                   electronic attacks on Serbian computer networks during the
                   NATO air campaign over the province of Kosovo.                    "We only used our capability to a very limited degree," Shelton
                   told reporters at the time.                    Hayden said a key challenge to the NSA today was to protect
                   U.S. telecommunications in a world where the adversaries
                   might be "cyberterrorists, a malicious hacker or even a
                   non-malicious hacker."                    "All can cause great harm" to the networked systems that tie
                   the industrialized world together, he told the conference
                   co-sponsored by the NSA and the National Institute of
                   Standards and Technology, an arm of the Commerce
                   Department.                    Hayden said the NSA, the Pentagons codemaking and
                   codebreaking agency, was committed to developing its
                   partnerships with industry to boost computer network security.                    "Weve done pioneering work to better protect e-commerce" as
                   well as to develop biometrics, ways in which computers
                   authenticate identities from unique traits such as fingerprints,
                   iris scans and voice recognition, he said.                    Ultimately the NSA must become the "security statement" of
                   the U.S. telecommunications and computer industries, just as
                   he views the Air Force as the "military statement" of the
                   aviation industry, he said.                    "How else does our society develop the tools we need to do
                   what it is that our agency has been charged to do?" he asked.
                   The NSA designs codes to protect the integrity of U.S.
                   information systems and searches for weaknesses in foes
                   systems and codes.

@_date: 2000-10-18 14:05:54
@_author: anonymous at openpgp.net 
@_subject: CDR: involuntary blood test Supremes ref 
What are the Limits on Warrantless Drug Testing of Pregnant
                    Women?                     Ferguson v. City of Charleston                     Docket No. 99-936                     From: The Fourth Circuit                     Case at a Glance
                    This case involves a Fourth Amendment challenge to a drug-testing
                    policy implemented at a South Carolina public hospital. Under the policy,
                    pregnant women are tested -- without warrants or probable cause -- for
                    cocaine use. Positive test results are shared with law-enforcement
                    officials, and some women were arrested and threatened with
                    prosecution if they did not complete drug treatment.                         Previewed by Richard W. Garnett, a professor of law at Notre
                        Dame Law School in Notre Dame, Ind.                     Supreme Court Decision: Pending

@_date: 2000-10-19 12:45:39
@_author: anonymous at openpgp.net 
@_subject: CDR: declining sovereignty in the medistate 
Oct 19, 2000 - 07:59 AM             Court Says Forced Medication
            Allowed in Certain Cases             By Andrew Welsh-Huggins
            Associated Press Writer
            COLUMBUS, Ohio (AP) - A mentally ill person involuntarily
            committed to a treatment center can be ordered by a court to
            take anti-psychotic drugs if it is in the patients best interest,
            the state Supreme Court ruled.             The unanimous decision said a court also can order
            medication if a patient lacks the capacity to give or withhold
            informed consent regarding treatment, and if a less intrusive
            treatment is unavailable.             Before Wednesdays decision, medical personnel could only
            forcibly medicate mentally ill people who posed an immediate
            danger to themselves or others.             The court ruled in the case of Jeffrey Steele, who appealed a
            1997 request by the Hamilton County Community Mental
            Health Board to forcibly give him psychotropic or
            mind-altering drugs.             "We have attempted to craft a decision that acknowledges a
            persons right to refuse anti-psychotic medication, and yet
            recognizes that mental illness sometimes robs a person of
            the capacity to make informed treatment decisions," Justice
            Andrew Douglas wrote.             Steele was judged mentally ill and involuntarily hospitalized in
            August 1997, according to court documents. Seeking a legal
            standard for such cases, his lawyer, Shannon Smith,
            appealed the order to the Supreme Court even though
            Steele voluntarily began taking the drugs in 1998.             "Im disappointed in the decision. I am encouraged by the
            fact they took a good hard look at it and now we have a
            standard," Smith said.

@_date: 2000-10-19 13:20:21
@_author: anonymous at openpgp.net 
@_subject: CDR: judges needing killing... 
Oct 19, 2000 - 06:55 AM             California Court Declines to Review
            Vehicle Forfeiture Law             The Associated Press
            SAN FRANCISCO (AP) - The state Supreme Court has
            declined to review a ruling allowing police to seize vehicles
            suspected of use in crimes such as drug dealing or soliciting
            a prostitute.             Without comment, a majority of justices Wednesday decided
            not to hear the American Civil Liberties Unions challenge to
            Oaklands 1997 vehicle seizure law.             Under the law, a car can be confiscated even if the crime
            suspect using the vehicle is acquitted, or the cars owner was
            unaware of the crime. The measure exceeds state and
            federal standards.             The ACLU argued that cities looking to profit from seizures
            would enact similar measures.             So far, Sacramento has put a comparable law on its books
            but San Francisco lawmakers shelved the idea last month,
            concluding it was unconstitutional.             Since passing the "nuisance abatement" act, Oakland has
            collected, sold and kept the profits from 300 cars.             The impetus "was really complaints from certain communities
            which were essentially drive-thru sex-and-drug bazaars.
            People were sick of having lines of cars in their streets with
            this activity going on," said Oakland Deputy City Attorney
            Pelayo Llamas.

@_date: 2000-10-20 11:31:56
@_author: anonymous at openpgp.net 
@_subject: CDR: if not part of the solution youre part of the precipitate 
If the ultimate motivation of the car siezures is
A better use involves a flare and, um,
an appropriately deserving building :-)
Aloha Plume

@_date: 2000-10-21 17:19:02
@_author: anonymous at openpgp.net 
@_subject: No subject 
Last week a cannabis legalisation activist handed a posy of said plant, wrapped as if it had been bought in a florists' shop to Her Majesty the Queen.  HRH accepted it as just another bunch of flowers, and the photographs hit the newsstands the next morning.
As expected, all the papers had a different spin.  However, none of the front page photographs showed a plant with flower.  It would make no sense to hand HRH a handful of ugly weeds, and the guy who claimed responsibility referred to it as 'a pretty yellow flower'.
This sent my bullshit meter into overdrive.  Had the photos been doctored to distort the message of the activist? or merely "pruned" by the editor for one that doesn't advertise such horticulture to the masses?
Is there anyone on the internet who is actively tracking forged/spun photographs, Photopunks if you will?  I remember the storm here over *that* Elian pic.
Perhaps this is in Declan's sphere of interest?
Do You Yahoo!?
Yahoo! Messenger - Talk while you surf!  It's FREE.

@_date: 2000-10-24 11:21:06
@_author: anonymous at openpgp.net 
@_subject: CDR: Zero-Knowledge Open-Sources Linux Client 
from the privacy-for-all dept.
         jailbreakist writes "Zero-Knowledge Systems, a
         Montreal based privacy software company, has released the source
         code to their Linux client. The software in question provides
         anonymous web browsing, pseudonymous email, form filling,
         cookie management and more. You can get the source at
         opensource.zeroknowledge.com. The source is available under the
         MPL, and our clientshim and Yarrow (random number generation)
         implementations are under GPL."

@_date: 2000-10-24 16:21:50
@_author: anonymous at openpgp.net 
@_subject: CDR: voteauction moves offshore 
Will the Austrians treat the US injunction like Cryptome treats
letters from HRH?
Monday October 23 07:00 PM EDT
       Vote auction site attempts to skirt
       shutdown order        By Patricia Jacobus, CNET News.com
       A rogue Web site purporting to sell votes for the upcoming U.S.
       presidential election is back in operation after being shut down
       last week under a federal court order.
                        The Web site, formerly Voteauction.com, reappeared on the Net
                        over the weekend under a new address run from outside the United
                        States and beyond the easy reach of election officials.
                        "The Web site may have started as a parody, but we dont think its a
                        joke," said Thomas Leach, spokesman for the Chicago Board of
                        Elections, which last Wednesday won an injunction ordering the site
                        taken down. "Its encouraging U.S. citizens to break the law."
       The idea for the site, now Vote-auction.com, is to capitalize on undecided voters who
       planned on sitting out the November presidential election. Uncommitted voters can sell their
       votes to the Web site. The votes are then auctioned to the highest bidder, who decides which
       presidential candidate gets them.
       About 1,131 Illinois voters have participated in this questionable practice, according to the
       Web site. In California, 2,546 voters have so far taken part in the auction. Selling votes
       carries a maximum three-year federal prison term.
       It is unclear whether the votes being auctioned are legitimate. But with the balance of the
       presidential election hanging on a thin margin, the authorities arent taking any chances.
       "Could it affect the outcome of the elections? Yes," Leach said. "Should it? No."
       Created by James Baumgartner, a graduate student in New York, and later sold to a group
       of investors in Austria, the Web site has U.S. election officials up in arms.
       Authorities in New York, Illinois and California moved to shut down the site, with Chicagos
       election commission winning an injunction last week against Baumgartner, Austrian
       entrepreneur Hans Bernhard and three others, as well as Domain Bank, the registrar that
       provided the Internet address. As part of the court order, the judge specifically said
       Voteauction.com could not appear on the Net under a different name.
       After the order, Bernhard found a foreign registrar that issued a new, but slightly changed,
       Web address.
       Bernhard could not immediately be reached for comment, but information on his site
       declares that bidding on votes "works for, not against democracy." It also says he had huge
       reader support to keep the site in operation.
       Leach said the Chicago election commission has asked for help from the Austrian Embassy
       in Washington, D.C., to permanently shut down Bernhards business. The court injunction
       has also been delivered to the Ministry of Austria.
       "Theyre in defiance of a legitimate court order and in contempt of the American judicial
       system," Leach said of Bernhard and the others involved in Vote-auction.com.

@_date: 2000-10-26 15:10:27
@_author: anonymous at openpgp.net 
@_subject: CDR: infowar in palestine 
Israeli government, army
                 Web sites crash after hostile
                 hits
                 JERUSALEM (AP) -- Several official Israeli Web sites crashed
                 after being flooded by thousands of simultaneous hostile hits in
                 a digital onslaught by Islamic groups abroad, officials said
                 Thursday.                  The cyber attack is the most intense since Israels government
                 launched its Internet sites several years ago. It opens a new
                 front in Israels confrontation with the Arab world. Palestinian
                 rioters have been clashing with Israeli forces for almost a
                 month. At a weekend summit, Islamic countries condemned
                 Israel and called for cutting relations with the Jewish state.                  Both sides are emphasizing the public relations aspect of their
                 conflict. Interest in the Israeli government Web sites has
                 increased noticeably since the riots began Sept. 28, officials
                 said. The targeted sites provide information about the conflict
                 from an official Israeli point of view.                  The first shot in the cyberwar was apparently fired by some
                 Israeli teenagers, who bragged to a local newspaper last week
                 that they had succeeded in sabotaging a Web site of the
                 Hezbollah guerrillas in Lebanon.                  Return fire was not long in coming. Uri Noy, who oversees the
                 Foreign Ministry Web site, said that several extremist Islamic
                 web sites called on their users to attack Israeli sites, providing
                 them access to computer programs that allow users to flood
                 sites with huge amounts of electronic mail, jamming them.                  First to feel the effects was the official site of the Israeli Prime
                 Ministers office. After that site was restored, the Foreign
                 Ministrys Web site was overwhelmed by incoming mail and
                 knocked off the web. Almost two days after the attack began,
                 the site had still not been restored.                  The Israeli army repaired its information Web site, and to
                 increase security, switched from a local server to one connected
                 to the U.S. communications giant ATT, the military said.                  The Web site of the Knesset, Israels parliament, was the target
                 of a different king of cyber attack. Hackers broke into the site
                 and tampered with its files, Knesset spokesman Giora Pordes
                 said. He said the attack may have come from Saudi Arabia.                  "You cannot be perfectly safe. Any system can be infiltrated,"
                 Miki Buzaglo, an Israeli who took credit for first sabotaging the
                 Hezbollah site, said on Israel TV. "There is a war of brains
                 going on here."                  An Israeli Internet service provider which hosted the three
                 targeted sites scrambled to make repairs Thursday.                  Israeli officials said no damage was done to sensitive computer
                 systems used by the army and the government, since they are
                 insulated from the Internet.                  Noy denounced the attacks. "We see the sabotaging of our
                 Web site as equivalent to the burning of books," he said. He
                 said the bombardment of the site continued even as efforts
                 were made to restore it.                  "Its too bad that the Internet has become another
                 battleground," said member of parliament Michael Eitan, the
                 Knesset Internet expert. "We need to have a cease-fire on the
                 Web."

@_date: 2000-10-30 12:00:13
@_author: anonymous at openpgp.net 
@_subject: No subject 
Thats why we invented retrovirii, bub.
-The Management

@_date: 2000-10-31 13:10:26
@_author: anonymous at openpgp.net 
@_subject: CDR: when the Fedz come.. 
you are not being paranoid enough.  The FBI managed to get a search
warrant based on logs from a firewall, that showed my IP only connecting, not even logging in, hours after news
of the cracking had appeared on news sites.  If they can get a search warrant this easily, your data is not safe,
sitting on your hard drive.  For the past two months Ive been living in this dorm, I locked my doors, securified my
boxes, and backed up my essential things.  I never even imagined the federal government would just let
themselves in and take it.
excerpt from as seen on /.

@_date: 2000-10-31 13:30:29
@_author: anonymous at openpgp.net 
@_subject: CDR: identity theft 
Bruce McKim
    DOB: 2/26/69
    Soc Sec. No.: 212-04-8280
    Martin Benjamin (for classified)
    DOB: 7/6/68
    Soc. Sec. No.: 089-56-3596
    Mary De Wolfe Stone
    DOB: 7/7/63
    Soc. Sec. No. : 047-60-6209

@_date: 2000-10-31 13:35:36
@_author: anonymous at openpgp.net 
@_subject: CDR: Words to live by 
"The advantage of lone wolf and small cell activity is that it is
               untraceable and is the best use of our meager resources- no
               membership dues, rental of meeting halls, driving, lodging and
               time-off for endless conventions," Curtis says in an article on
               his Web site. "All of your personal and cell resources go to
               exactly what you want them for, not to a "leader" who lives off
               you."
               And rather than terrorizing people in public, the 26-year-old
               Curtis says, racists should strive to work in secrecy.
               His site includes articles advising against answering police
               questions under any circumstances.
               "Remember, talk is cheap!" one article says. "But when it
               involves law enforcement authorities, it may cost you, or
               someone close to you, dearly. Remember the 5 words -- I
               have nothing to say. It has worked for us many, MANY
               times."
"Hate site threat to public, group says"

@_date: 2000-10-31 13:40:07
@_author: anonymous at openpgp.net 
@_subject: CDR: IRS Tentacles grow 
IRS Can Access Offshore Credit Info
               By Catherine Wilson
               AP Business Writer
               Tuesday, Oct. 31, 2000 7:38 a.m. EST
               MIAMI  In a sweeping tax-evasion probe, the IRS has
               been granted access to thousands of MasterCard and
               American Express credit card accounts held by U.S.
               taxpayers in three offshore banking havens.                U.S. District Judge Adalberto Jordan on Monday agreed with
               the IRS that cardholders may have violated U.S. tax laws and
               that their identities are not readily available from other
               sources.                The court order allows the IRS to issue summonses for
               charge, debit and credit cards issued by banks in the
               Bahamas, the Cayman Islands and the country of Antigua
               and Barbuda in 1998 and 1999.                Investigators want to look at such things as car, boat and
               airline ticket purchases and hotel and car rentals to learn
               whether the account holders are living beyond their reported
               means.                The investigation is one of the largest targeting offshore
               accounts in the history of the Internal Revenue Service.                MasterCard International spokeswoman Sharon Gamsin said
               in a statement that the company has "a long history of
               cooperating with governmental agencies." But she also said
               MasterCard keeps transaction records only by account
               number, with the bank keeping personal information.                Judy Tenzer, a spokeswoman for American Express Travel
               Related Services Co., said, "We are now speaking to the IRS
               to get a better idea of what theyre looking at."                Neither spokeswoman would answer questions.                Offshore accounts are legal for U.S. taxpayers, but they must
               file forms with the IRS about them and pay taxes on income
               earned in the United States.                The three nations targeted by the IRS have long been known
               as offshore tax havens and favorite spots for drug money
               launderers.                Promoters of offshore accounts boast that income can be
               sheltered because the U.S. government cannot penetrate
               some foreign banking secrecy laws.                But the IRS believed it could avoid those laws by getting
               records through the Miami headquarters of the companies
               Caribbean operations.                The IRS does not know how many accounts created by U.S.
               citizens and residents are involved but believes the number to
               be in the thousands.                Banks in the targeted islands require customers to open bank
               accounts before obtaining credit cards. So obtaining the
               names of the cardholders produces the names of the bank
               account holders as well.                Fifteen countries and territories have been blacklisted by a
               29-nation task force for failing to cooperate in the fight
               against money laundering. The Bahamas and Cayman Islands
               are among them, but officials in the Cayman Islands promised
               in June to end tax-haven practices within five years.                Daniel Mitchell, a tax expert at the conservative Heritage
               Foundation, worried that the IRSs blanket record request
               would affect financial privacy.                "We should not be trying to enforce a worldwide tax regime,"
               he said. "It tends to lead to cartel-like behavior, OPEC for
               politicians, for lack of a better phrase."

@_date: 2000-09-20 19:52:45
@_author: anonymous at openpgp.net 
@_subject: CDR: Re: would it be so much to ask.. 
ALT.PRIVACY.ANON-SERVER FAQ
13) Who is Nomen Nescio? Secret Squirrel?
Nomen Nescio is Latin for "I do not know the name."   This is the
X-Loop: openpgp.net
is simply a replacement for the more common "Anonymous" or "Anon User"
X-Loop: openpgp.net
Secret Squirrel is the From: header emitted by the Squirrel Remailer
mix at squirrel.owl.de.
Other alternative IDs include:
An Metet, (Egyptian for "not spoken") From: header for the Shinn
Remailer remailer at mixmaster.shinn.net.
Jiggs McManus, From: header for the Eelbash Remailer
eelbash at bigfoot.com
Mr. Seppo, From: header for the Septic Remailer septic at home.com
A. Melon, From: header for the Randseed Remailer
randseed at melontraffickers.com .

@_date: 2000-09-24 01:31:12
@_author: anonymous at openpgp.net 
@_subject: CDR: New email could confound law enforcement 
By Cecily Barnes
Staff Writer, CNET News.com
September 22, 2000, 12:20 p.m. PT
URL:  A start-up is set to release a novel messaging service that lets people send heavily encrypted email directly to each other, a development that could be a boon for privacy advocates but a headache for law enforcement authorities. AbsoluteFuture.com of Bellvue, Wash., has dubbed its service "SafeMessage," describing it as a "direct messaging" service that transmits messages from party to party without the use of a central server. This distinction is significant because email, which always passes through mail servers, leaves a trace copy of itself that can be subpoenaed, read or otherwise accessed by unauthorized readers. Besides bypassing a central server, the messages are heavily encrypted and are programmed to be automatically erased after a period of time designated by the sender. The encryption not only prevents outsiders from reading the message, but also limits the message recipient's ability to forward, cut and paste, or print the message. "(Email) leaves a permanent trail," said CEO Graham Andrews. "Not only on your computer and the receiver's computer, but also three or four servers in the middle." Whether or not direct messaging can strip away all traces of a document sent over the Internet is unclear, as the system does not do away with the need for an Internet service provider to allow parties to share files. "It's certainly going to pass through the server that connects you to the Internet and the server that connects the recipient to the Internet, but it will not pass through the typical mail servers," said Tony McNamara, AbsoluteFuture's chief technology officer. Amid growing concerns about privacy on the Internet, more people are inquiring about the secure transfer of data online, especially in instances of financial and banking data. AbsoluteFuture joins a growing list of companies that are responding to this market need with encrypted email services. Rival products include HushMail, ZixMail, Disappearing Inc. and Authentica. Unlike AbsoluteFuture, however, these services use ordinary email delivery systems that are prone to online eavesdropping and may leave trace copies behind in the computers used to carry them. AbsoluteFuture believes it has found a solution to this problem by harnessing technology known as peer-to-peer networking, which connects personal computers directly, without the need for a central server to route file transfers. Meta Group analyst David Thompson calls the market for peer-to-peer or encrypted messaging nascent. "People are just starting to realize that this kind of thing is even possible," he said. Peer-to-peer technology gained widespread notice after file-swapping company Napster was sued by the Recording Industry Association of America for allegedly facilitating the transfer of copyrighted material. While SafeMessage does not present any copyright violation, it could undermine the efforts of law enforcement agencies that sift and subpoena email messages to catch criminals. Most notably, privacy advocates have called attention to the FBI's Carnivore program, which is installed at ISPs and scans massive amounts of email to track messages sent by people under investigation. AbsoluteFuture's SafeMessage system would potentially allow people to operate below this radar screen. AbsoluteFuture said it is marketing its product primarily to corporate clients. "We believe this should be available to individual consumers, too, but we're not really in a position to handle that, so we are going to go the route of licensing to ISPs," Graham said. "We are very close to signing up several resellers." The company said SafeMessage is already being tested by a number of large corporate clients including a major oil trading company in Moscow, a large accounting firm, and a couple of stockbrokers. To use SafeMessage, a person signs on to the program with an ID and password, similarly to an email client. When typing the recipient, the person sends the contact to AbsoluteFuture's server, which locates the recipient online and allows the sender to send the message directly to the recipient. The message is encrypted before it leaves the sender's computer, and the decoder key is destroyed. If the recipient is not online, the sender must send the message to AbsoluteFuture's server, which will hold the message until the recipient logs on or the message times out. "In one sense this is slightly less secure because we're looking after it," Graham said. "But we don't have the key to get at it. Even if there was a court order for the message, it is highly encrypted. We'd say, 'OK, go ahead try to open it.'" Meta Group's Thompson said that while the system sounds secure, he is not convinced that it is foolproof. He said that during the period of time before the message is destroyed, keys exist that could unscramble the encryption. "At some point everything is gone," he said. "But there is some window in there in which there is still exposure"

@_date: 2000-09-28 13:56:35
@_author: anonymous at openpgp.net 
@_subject: CDR: US spy software could devour RIP 
H David Ludlow and Liesbeth Evers, Network News , Wednesday 27 September 2000
Developers in the US have uncovered a way of snubbing the American equivalent of the Regulation of Investigatory Powers (RIP) Bill, prompting speculation that a similar system could be introduced into the UK. The US government's software, called Carnivore, is installed on ISP networks to enforce court orders calling for electronic monitoring. Operating in a similar way to commercial so-called sniffers, Carnivore looks at all data on a network, throwing away information that is not contained by the court order. For example, it could capture emails to and from a specific account.
Until now, only the FBI knew how the product worked. Hiding behind claims that Carnivore was partially based on commercial software, and that hackers could find a way to circumvent it, the FBI refused to open the source code.
But its attempts at secrecy have backfired, after a company called Network Ice released the source code for a rival product, altivore.c (
The code complies with the requirements for Carnivore, and is a legal substitute in the case of a court order. By making it open source, Network Ice has shown how the software works, and how public privacy can be maintained.
The UK's equivalent of Carnivore is a black box that, under the RIP Bill, will be placed at ISP premises to monitor emails. It is unclear whether it will be a mandatory device, which will leave the public suspicious of what it does, or an open source device that meets a defined technical description.
Security analyst Peter Williams, of DataCheck Consultants, said that if the technology can be developed in the US there is no reason why it could not be used to scupper the RIP in the UK. "The government didn't really think through the technology for this," he said.
A Home Office spokesman said that the government intends to discuss the matter with a technical advisory board.
First published in Network News This article is available online at

@_date: 2001-01-02 02:03:12
@_author: anonymous at openpgp.net 
@_subject: New attack on digital piracy 
Coalition pushes storage-based copy-prevention
BY DAWN C. CHMIELEWSKI
Mercury News Hollywood has teamed up with some of the biggest players in computer storage technology to build a copy-prevention scheme into every hard drive and memory card -- opening a new front in the war against online piracy.
If widely adopted, the technology would make it more difficult for consumers to duplicate copyrighted files such as music and movies without the permission of the companies that own the rights. Hard drives and memory cards are used to store information on everything from personal computers and MP3 music players to digital cameras and palm-size organizers.
Hollywood and the companies designing the anti-copying technology bill it as a revolutionary way to combat piracy. The entertainment industry has been fighting on many fronts, asking the courts to shut down online music-swapping services such as Napster and halt the distribution of software that allows bootleggers to make pristine copies of DVD movies.
But critics say this latest effort, led by an IBM researcher at the company's Almaden Valley campus in San Jose, will prevent users from making even routine copies, such as backups, of files they legally have a right to copy.
``I think it's disgraceful,'' said Richard M. Stallman, a leader in the free software movement and author of ``The Hackers Dictionary.'' ``Everyone's rights are being trampled for the sake of these companies.''
The brainchild of `4C'
The technology is the brainchild of IBM, Intel, Toshiba and Matsushita -- a group of leading hardware makers collectively known as the ``4C.'' The rights-protection technology, dubbed Content Protection for Recordable Media (CPRM), uses a combination of encryption and scrambling to prevent unauthorized copying. It is currently awaiting approval from a national standards body that sets rules for new features offered on storage devices like hard drives.
CPRM is one of a series of copy-protection technologies designed to thwart the wholesale duplication of copyrighted materials that file-swapping services like Napster make possible. Watermarking is another approach being developed by other firms. That technology places hidden bits of digital code on a song, so labels and artists can track illicit copies. IBM researcher Jeffrey Lotspiech, who developed the latest copy-protection technology, said each piece of blank media -- say, a flash memory card or an IBM Microdrive -- comes with a unique serial number.
When a consumer buys the rights to make an authorized copy of, for example, the Barenaked Ladies' latest CD, the rights-protection software uses the serial number on the blank media to create a unique ``key'' that only an authorized player can unlock.
``It uses the media -- the dumb media -- as the source of the key information that allows the two of them to come up with a common key -- the recorder to make the recording and the player to play it in the future,'' said Lotspiech.
It's resistant to hacking because of the sheer number of key combinations that could be created -- ``greater than the number of protons in the universe,'' Lotspiech said in an IBM research publication describing the the technology.
CPRM would do nothing to stop Napster's 37 million users from giving away music to any stranger who asks. But new tracks released with this protection would be worthless.
Lotspiech said IBM plans to use the technology in its popular Microdrives -- stamp-sized hard drives now used to store photographs in digital cameras and music on digital players. And SanDisk has also expressed interest in using it for its flash memory, commonly used to store information in MP3 players and digital cameras.
The first products could begin appearing by next summer.
It's one of several copy-protection schemes designed to meet the criteria set by the recording industry-sponsored Secure Digital Music Initiative (SDMI), a group established to create a standard for online music distribution.
``So far, content companies have been reluctant to deliver their content in digital form out of fear that piracy would further increase,'' said Leonardo Chiariglione, SDMI's executive director. ``But if there is a way of protecting their content, then content companies will put all of their content out. And that would benefit all consumers.''
The Motion Picture Association of America sees broader applications for the technology. If it's effective at thwarting piracy, it could speed direct digital distribution of movies -- either over the Internet or through digital TV set-top boxes. The movie industry has been reluctant to widely distribute its work because of the fear of Napsterization of films.
``What we have with copy-once content protection technology is the ability to go beyond just a pay-per-view business model to go to a pay-per-copy business model,'' said Brad Hunt, the MPAA's chief technical officer.
In order for Internet delivery to occur, Hunt said the copy-protection technology would have to extend to the computer hard drive -- a proposal that other technologists find chilling.
``We've been keeping an eye on technologies that are designed to remove capabilities from the people who buy the machines -- particularly when it's removing a capability not for the benefit of the buyer ... but for the benefit of some third party, like a movie company,'' said John Gilmore, co-founder of the Electronic Frontier Foundation, a San Francisco-based organization that advocates free speech online.
Gilmore said copyright laws were never meant to extend a movie studio's reach into a consumer's hard drive.
Contact Dawn Chmielewski at dchmielewski at sjmercury.com or (714) 669-9913.

@_date: 2001-01-21 03:42:08
@_author: anonymous at openpgp.net 
@_subject: UK: Police to get new powers on DNA testing 
By Philip Johnston, Home Affairs Editor
THE prospect of routine DNA screening of the entire population drew nearer yesterday when the Government proposed to give the police the power to retain indefinitely samples taken from innocent people.
Jack Straw, the Home Secretary, said he would "proceed cautiously and proportionately" on extending the law further. But the measure would allow a tripling of the existing database of one million samples.
The proposal forms the centrepiece of the Criminal Justice and Police Bill, which also provides for a significant extension of police powers to control the streets and seize property. Officers will be able to issue fixed penalty notices for a long list of misdemeanours, ranging from drunkenness to throwing fireworks and making hoax 999 calls. The level of the fines has still to be fixed, but could be between 100 and 2,500.
Police will also be able to enforce curfews imposed on children up to the age of 16, stop people drinking in designated public places, arrest suspected kerb crawlers and close down unruly pubs. The Bill gives the police new powers to seize documents and computer disks even if they contain privileged legal information.
But the powers to retain DNA samples and fingerprints are the most controversial elements of the Bill. For the first time, police would be able to keep samples taken from volunteers, or from people later eliminated from inquiries for possible future use. At the moment, the samples must be destroyed if a suspect is not charged or not convicted.
The police called for additional powers after two cases in which convictions were quashed because guilt was proved with DNA evidence that should have been destroyed.
One was the case of Michael Weir, who was convicted of the murder of Leonard Harris, 79, on the basis of blood samples taken during a drugs investigation that was discontinued. As a result, his conviction was quashed by the Court of Appeal, although the Law Lords said later that this was "contrary to good sense".
Mr Straw said the new Bill would clarify the law in this area. He did not regard it as any more of an infringement of civil liberties than the widespread use of closed-circuit television cameras.
He said: "The public are more worried about the arrest and conviction of very serious criminals and persistent offenders through the use of this kind of evidence. They will widely welcome this change because it will greatly help the police and it will cut lots of costs."
Asked why he had not gone the whole way and introduced automatic screening of the population, Mr Straw said that the new measure was a "proportionate" response. He said: "You have to move cautiously in this area. I am clear that there is an overwhelming case for this change and there will be wide acceptance for it."
The Home Office hopes to build the national DNA database from one million samples to 3.5 million in the next three years. As well as retaining the samples and fingerprints of all suspects, those taken from volunteers in mass screenings will also be retained, provided they give written permission.
Ann Widdecombe, the shadow home secretary, said that the DNA and police seizure powers had "serious civil liberties implications". But she predicted that the legislation would run out of parliamentary time if an election were held in May.
She said: "This is yet another example of Labour's obsession with spin. It is little more than an attempt to grab headlines with spot fine and curfew powers that will overburden police forces when they are already at breaking point."
Simon Hughes, for the Liberal Democrats, said: "This is a typical mixture of useful reform and gimmickry. We are still to be convinced that fixed penalty notices will not turn into a bureaucratic mess."

@_date: 2019-12-10 03:18:25
@_author: anonymous at openpgp.net 
@_subject: No subject 
Naturally, a chemical solution (pun not directly intended...but I'll take it
anyway) becomes apparent.  If the ultimate motivation of the car siezures is
to sell them and keep the money, what would happen if somebody acquired a
few ounces or gallons of PCB's (poly-chlorinated biphenyls; common in
20+year-old (non-electrolytic) capacitors), and sprayed them (only a very
tiny amount per car should be necessary, maybe 1 milliliter or so?) into
those siezed cars though a broken window (or injected through door seals).
Naturally, it would  be important to anonymously call the local newspaper or
TV stations and report on what had occurred, possibly the EPA as well.  That
car would suddenly change from a $10,000 asset into possibly a $100,000
liability for the agency which siezed them..
Just a thought
Jim Bell
Better Living Through Chemistry
