
@_date: 1993-04-22 11:23:15
@_author: AOLCHTNN at vax1.tcd.ie 
@_subject: life, universe, everything 
I got your address in mondo8. I need information on encryption software.
Unfortunately, external telnets have been impossible for some time now,
so I can't look for it through the usual channels.
Thanks in advance.

@_date: 1993-06-09 06:20:05
@_author: AOLCHTNN at vax1.tcd.ie 
@_subject: Timothy C. May:superhacker 
Why doesn't Tim and anyone else who suspects that they have reached
the much-sought status of "superhacker on gov't files not just write
to their local friendly federal government office and ask for a copy
of their own records?
As far as I know, the US freedom of information act allows anyone access
to information about them that has been stored by the government. (I'm
not a laywer and not even a US resident so don't quote me on any of this;
but then I'm not charging legal fees either.)
Of course any interesting information they've got is likely to be classified,
but at least you'll find out whether any such information is stored on the
Of course, requesting your own government file is likely to draw attention
to yourself, so it's probably best not to do so unless you're sure that they already know that you know-that-they-know-something.
Yours becoming increasingly paranoid by the minute,
Antoin O Lachtnain,
Trinity College, Dublin
(Colaiste na Trinoide, Baile Atha Cliath)

@_date: 1993-05-18 06:51:32
@_author: AOLCHTNN at vax1.tcd.ie 
@_subject: GCHQ in the UK 
Can someone tell me whether what I've heard about GCHQ in the UK??
A lot of books and magazines of fairly serious political content have alleged
that GCHQ taps _all_ Irish telephone calls and screens them electronically for
"keywords", to find the interesting conversations.
(The IRA is alleged to have something similar, although not quite so What I want to know is whether digital voice-recognition monitoring on such a
scale is really possible?
Thanx in advance
Antoin O Lachtnain,
Trinity College Dublin.
PS Iis there anyone in the UK or Ireland who'd be willing to send me a copy of PGP 2.2, if I send them a couple o' blank disks?
