
@_date: 1998-08-31 04:45:04
@_author: Albert P. Franco, II 
@_subject: Is Hate Code Speech? 
I think it is interesting that people are speaking of  the program as
something published for public consumption. Source code for commercial
products rarely goes public and compilers do a rather nice job of obscuring
human language variable names. Thus if there is any message or coherent
agenda in the source code it is highly unlikely that it will be detectable
in the executable, which is in fact the product delivered to the public.
Since the source code can only be read by insiders/employees then this does
tend to make it rather obvious that a form of speech was intended. I won't
rehash the fact that non-relevant, human-language-significant variable
names (as opposed to x, y, i, & j) are generally unacceptable programming
practice. I would make two points; that in todays programming world source
code is protected by copyright law as are other forms of expression legally
considered speech and source code is intended to document the process and
as such communicate ideas--in a broad sense this is a decent description of
speech, a written mode of communicating ideas. If someone finds offensive (hate) material in an obscured text (encrypted)
intended for limited distribution, does the encryption make it less
hateful? does the encryption make it any less a form of speech? does the
fact that distribution is limited (assumming the "target" is in the
distribution class) make it any less offensive? Is a crime less illegal if
it is hidden? (Be careful, on this one...)
I think that offensive, probably hateful, speech was intended. So the next
step (or for others, a previous step) is to decide whether there are legal
grounds for action. There are several laws which do, in fact, make these
activities illegal. Most people in the US today agree that overt racism is
wrong. Additionally, most "Americans" agree with laws that make it illegal
to use/perform "hateful" speech. These are very dangerous laws since they try to tread a very thin line
between the freedom of thoughts (and to some degree, actions) and injury to
others. When I first settled down to live in Spain and began to pay real
attention to the local political scene I was astonished to find people
defending the "right" of the radicals to throw stones and metal objects at
those persons expressing ideas contrary to theirs (pro-peace,
anti-terrorism demonstrations, 1995-6). Fortunately, we hear less and less
of this non-sense that physical harm to another is a valid form of personal
expression or speech. But the base problem lingers, where do we draw the
line of expression of ideas and intent to do harm. It has long been held
that shouting "fire" in a crowded building is not a protected form of
speech. Nor is libel (forgetting for now the problems of defining or
proving it). And where do we draw the line (or does it even matter?)
between public and private? And where do expression and action get
separated? Thinking about doing something, or telling some one about those
thoughts are not generally the same as actually doing it. But where does
thought become expression become action?
This case doesn't solely revolve around the speech issue...IMO, it also
revolves around the public/private issue, and whether or not the government
can rightfully "enter" a "private" business place to regulate these
matters. Recent history (80 years or so...) shows an increasing tendency
for the government to "protect" workers by regulating the workplace. There
are health & safety regs, minimum wage regs, etc. The "American" populace
has in general supported (and at times demanded) these external limits on
the "private" employer/employee relationship. Legal precedent exists.
There are two problems here and historically the government has been called
upon to keep a balance between "free speech" and "harmful speech" on the
one hand and "Privacy" and "Protection" on the other hand. The debate now
is with this case which way will (should?) the pendulum swing? More
protection (reduction of privacy), more freedom (or hateful speech)... Personally, I hope no one wins this eternal debate 100% since the results
would be disastrous.
Just some thoughts...
Albert P. Franco, II
encryption at apf2.com

@_date: 1998-12-03 20:37:56
@_author: Albert P. Franco, II 
@_subject: Fwd: FC: Gun groups take aim at new FBI database 
Some of the following statements do not (in my recollection) apply to those
in California... In CA only "junk" cars can be unregistered. An unregistered car on private
property can be cited under a long list of circumstances. It is never "legal" to drive an unregistered vehicle (or even tow it
without a trailer) on CA roads. The judge may let you off if you have "a
real good reason". But the cops can and in most cases will cite you!
I do believe that there are some legal restrictions for children purchasing
Since every car in CA MUST be registered, every change of ownership must be
reported. If you do not you are subject to a fine. They give you ten days
to report the transfer of ownership.
Only for a limited period of time in CA...
Not if the owner is a resident of CA, and again only for a limited period
of time.
But they assume all the liability and even possible criminal consequences
for letting unlicensed persons drive the car.
NOT in CA...

@_date: 1998-12-03 22:22:16
@_author: Albert P. Franco, II 
@_subject: Fwd: FC: Emergency Powers and National Emergencies 
Declan points out some scary stuff here but no president (even Clinton)
would be stupid enough to do something so outrageous. They would have to
know that it would spark a long running a especially bloody revolution. Why risk it when they can just keep approaching totalitarianism
incrementally with such activities as the FuckingDICks "Know Your Customer"
activities. It's much quieter and infinitely less likely to result in a

@_date: 1998-12-03 22:26:35
@_author: Albert P. Franco, II 
@_subject: I Got Mine 
Now there's a really intelligent response to the MIB! I think Blanc would
have done a better self-service to have responded that way.
MAKE THEM GET A WARRANT! It's your ONLY legal defense against a fishing
expedition! It's our CONSTITUTIONAL RIGHT to require a warrant before
letting them in! We are NOT criminals just because we do not allow the MIBs
to make ILLEGAL and UNCONSTITUTIONAL searches of our properties!
If they can't convince a judge AND obtain a specifically worded search
warrant then they are obviously fishing! Tell to go find a real deep lake...
I also give the writer an A+ for the Clintonian and Reagonesque touches!
APF We have learned sooo much from our wonderful President Clinton, haven't we?!

@_date: 1998-12-03 22:46:35
@_author: Albert P. Franco, II 
@_subject: I Got Mine 
someone is
You speak as if these are facts. When was the trial? When was it proven
that CJ=Toto (or at least a significant portion of Toto)? When was it
proven that CJ or Toto planted a bomb or threatened a judge? When is
something true just because some MIB says so?!?!?
You have jumped to so many conclusions that I'm astonished that you didn't
just jump in and offer to help string him up yourself! Maybe you did,
deliberately or unintentionally.
COPS LIE!!! FBI agents LIE!!! IRS agents LIE!!! That's why we have a
justice system that was intended to make them PROVE what they say. Unless I
"Here little girl, I have some candy for you..." But he was so NICE...
Your BEST defense against them is always to make them demonstrate what they
believe to be true. DON'T tell them anything. If what they say was really
true (now this is important...) AND YOU are not a suspect then they don't
need to talk to you, they already have proof. I'll put that another way...
They talked to you because 1) they still don't have a case, and/or 2) YOU
are a suspect!

@_date: 1998-12-04 19:20:55
@_author: Albert P. Franco, II 
@_subject: I Got Mine 
Unfortunately, this is true. That's why I loved the response given by Anon!
It accomplished all the right things without giving them cause for coming
VERY, VERY GOOD!

@_date: 1998-12-04 19:23:12
@_author: Albert P. Franco, II 
@_subject: I Got Mine 
to a
the news
I specifically remember a number of clueful letters on the topic which hit
this list as the whole CJ issue came up. As I recall, there were plenty of
warnings that cpunks could expect visits. In fact, you're "I got mine"
subject line seems to indicate that you were aware of this concept. Secondly, since e/mail is a digital phenomenon, it can not be physically
attached to a source. Since perfect copies of it can be freely made any
computer can be made to appear as the originating computer. It is the very
easiest type of "evididence" to plant. Imagine a virus or Trojan horse that
put incriminating stuff on a computer w/o the owner knowing about it. The
technology is readily available and no doubt in use. You think that a cop
who would use a "throw down" gun or plant physical evidence wouldn't also
be capable of planting digital evidence. I think it will be very interesting once the true nature of computer
contents are litigated in terms of its non-physical nature. Without a
digital signature that cannot be forged any file on any computer is really
just digital nothingness that could have been placed there by anyone. There
is absolutely no way to prove anybody wrote anything unless you have a
number of reliable eyewitnesses physically present at the event.
COPS LIE!! FEDS LIE!!  Those alleged threats by Toto may (probably)
actually be the result of some MIB that couldn't get anything else on him.
So he invented the letters and later planted them on CJs computer during
the undoubtedly unsupervised session in which they supposedly read these
things off his computer.
I personally have been roughed up (no bruises, unfortunately) by cops when
I refused to allow them to search my car. Fortunately all the uproar gather
such a crowd that they were unable to plant any false evidence and since
there was nothing there in the first place they had nothing to hold me on.
I wish they had bruised me, it would have made settlement talks faster and
more productive ;)
When asked at the Dusseldorf airport to turn-on my computer, I did ask why.
When told that they wanted to make sure it was real. I clicked it on, let
whir around for a couple of seconds and turned it off. No problem. Had they
asked to see they contents I would have refused. That would be like letting
them read my personal papers, which they have no right to do. If arrested I
will fight it. But I'm a real hard-head. That's why I left the US. Got
tired of always being hassled.
However, hard-headed I am, I do admire the wonderful suggestions (a la
Clinton) by anon!
attitude, for
The stuff on this list is only public knowledge from a legal stand point.
It is often technologically or ideologically so far over most peoples heads
(especially MIBs and AOLes) that it is unfair to characterize it that way.
Besides, the real point isn't that they know anything, it's that they have
either identified you as a possible stooge or a suspect. You helpfulness is
probably going to cost someone (maybe yourself) very dearly.
Innocent people get fried all the time because of bad IDs. "Well, I thought
it was him...It LOOKED like him..." If you aren't sure--keep it to
yourself. And if you weren't then when CJ allegedly wrote and sent those
letters then it is impossible for you to be sure. So, PLEASE do everyone a
favor and stop "helping".
I have considered the possibility that you are in fact some sort of
government "agent" and your mission is to draw out similar (unfounded)
convictions of CJ from others on the list. If that is your purpose, may you
burn in Hell. The bottom line is if you are not working to help build the governments
case, then on your next visit with them please try a little honest doubt
and forgetfulness.
A Note to Tim, I don't think you are as sure of Toto's identity as you
sound. I'm not even sure you mean to sound as if you are sure of his
identity. It may just be from the urge to type less keystrokes. Whatever
the case, if your not sure CJ is the one and only Toto then please refer to
Toto for Toto stuff and CJ for the guy in Jail. It's more clear and since
CJ is innocent until proven guilty, we should give him the benefit of the
mind to
further:   I
on the
left to
And there were a lot of smart people on McCarthy's list... All turned in by
people who couldn't possibly know the truth about the person they accused.
Or perhaps did it save their own butt.
Hell, maybe this will the McCarthy case of the new century... It should
take about two years to blow up into a full on witch hunt and blacklisting
of cpunks and other "anti-social" types. With the Y2K problem sure to be
pissing lots of people off, the public will certainly be willing to support
ridding society of all those computer geeks that have caused all this
It doesn't matter. Their job is NOT to find the truth. Their job is to
build cases. These are not equivalent endeavors. Far too many times they
are not even compatible endeavors.
Fine, but until they arrest you stay out of it. Use YOUR trial as your
soapbox and not CJs.
Then please, get real and get honest, stop talking about things you THINK
are true. Those are opinions NOT facts, and should not be confused. Put
those fuzzy warm feelings away and face the fact that these guys are not
your girl friends chatting and discussing things that tick them off. These
guys are out to build a case against someone so that they can destroy his
life. HE IS INNOCENT UNTIL PROVEN GUILTY. He has a right to a FAIR trial.
PLEASE, let's wait for the trial before convicting him!!!

@_date: 1998-12-06 19:51:06
@_author: Albert P. Franco, II 
@_subject: Vengeance Libertarianism 
Tim must be having a "bad hair" day. He actually mentioned sending people
to Labor Camps. That sounds so UN-Libertarian, I have to chuckle. I'm
chuckling because I wouldn't want to think you actually believe in this
very Hitleresque rant.
Or is some FED spoofing Tim and sending "threatening" material in his name?
In which case...lock and load, Tim. They're coming to get you!

@_date: 1998-12-08 02:07:54
@_author: Albert P. Franco, II 
@_subject: tyranny of corporations (was: Corporate Nations) 
A non-text attachment was scrubbed...
Name: not available
Type: text/enriched
Size: 1796 bytes
Desc: not available
URL:

@_date: 1998-12-12 23:21:13
@_author: Albert P. Franco, II 
@_subject: German government press release on Wassenaar (fwd) 
I think the key idea which allows Open Source to be exempted is based on
the availability to all eyes of the technology--not the legal rights
attached to the software.
The fact that the knowledge contained in Open Source software is available
to all is the key. The legal right to use that knowledge is not quite the
issue. If the knowledge in the software becomes "common knowledge" then
defining its (illegal) export becomes extremely difficult.
statement--this could be a very important boost for Open Source crypto.

@_date: 1998-12-17 23:20:56
@_author: Albert P. Franco, II 
@_subject: Throwing Sand into the All-Seeing Eye (further ideas) 
Snipped some musings about throwing the NSA a lot of worthless bones to
chew on...
go to
Now how about instead of dev/null you periodically create free e-mail
accounts at hotmail, juno, etc, and send the mail to these "real"
addresses. That should give them a little more work at sorting through the
chaff. I f there were say 5,000 accounts on each of the top ten free mail
sites receiving say 500 chaff letters every day for a month before
switching to new account names that would amount to about 25,000,000 mails
per day on accounts that would just disappear after awhile. Anyone know how
many anonymous remailers there are? I wonder if these bots could be thrown
in to help generate the cover traffic to boost anonymity with out sucking
up all the available bandwidth. It would seem that this would help address two problems. The problem of
insufficient cover traffic on the anonymous remailers and the issue of
keeping the jerks at the NSA so busy sniffing up junk that they become less
effective at snooping on legitimate communications.
Certainly the load of 5,000 bogus accounts on hotmail, which has reportedly
in excess of 20 million accounts, would be minimal.
I think the biggest issue is whether or not there are sufficient resources
to generate this volume of mail through a wide enough re-mailer base to
thwart filtering without identifying any particular group of people as the
originators of the letters.
I think a long term surge of 25 million letters per day which meet their
snoop standards would have to create some kind of a bogging effect on their
capacities. I don't know what the real numbers are but it might be
interesting if say 50 million or fewer total e-mails per day are "captured"
for storage by the spooks on a normal day. At that level a surge of 25
million per day would be a 50% increase for handling. What would be the
response of the NSA?
Some will say that it would be no big deal for the NSA since they could
just add more hardware. But I think that any time we can make the haystack
significantly bigger that should theoretically make the needle harder to
find. And since Cpunks aren't criminals we certainly wouldn't be creating
more needles!

@_date: 1998-12-21 19:21:42
@_author: Albert P. Franco, II 
@_subject: Anthrax Theatre 
And if that doesn't work we all know that the MIB wouldn't hesitate to
unleash a real "small scale" release just to prove that the threat really

@_date: 1998-11-05 23:38:44
@_author: Albert P. Franco, II 
@_subject: Who Cares (fwd) 
And then there are those of us who are denied our opportunity to vote
because the damn absentee ballot always seems to arrive a week after the
election!! Coincidence? Bad Luck? Or is it design?

@_date: 1998-11-07 16:51:51
@_author: Albert P. Franco, II 
@_subject: dbts: Privacy Fetishes, Perfect Competition, and the Foregone (fwd) 
I would add the clause illegal goods (apparently) legally. This covers the
case where stolen property is moved through legitimate channels. Even if
the government doesn't restrict and legitimize the channels there must be
restrictions on theft and inappropriate acquisition (fraud) of goods (and
services) otherwise the result is not free-market, but rather barbarism and
brute force rule.
Under the "free-for-all" definition of free market, the final result would
actually be slavery (since you wouldn't produce the items that I keep
stealing from you unless I hold a gun to your head), and war (in order to
get resources I can pay or I can steal, since I don't like to pay, I'll
just get a bigger army and steal it from you). Sounds drastic? There are a
few examples today in the parts of Africa controlled by warlords.
Nothing is EVER black and white. And free-market can never be 100% free or
it will cease to be a market.

@_date: 1998-11-07 16:52:14
@_author: Albert P. Franco, II 
@_subject: Quick, Dear -- Beat Me 
A non-text attachment was scrubbed...
Name: not available
Type: text/enriched
Size: 1264 bytes
Desc: not available
URL:

@_date: 1998-11-10 19:22:37
@_author: Albert P. Franco, II 
@_subject: dbts: Privacy Fetishes, Perfect Competition, and the Foregone(fwd) 
I've been lurking on this thread for a while, and I am amazed by the level
of utopist muck that is being spewed here by you. Without some government the Bad Guys will be the only ones with anything.
It is only with the threat of losing their power that leaders do good. If
they had no power which could be lost or taken they will always do what's
best for them in the short term, which is usually to shit on the peons.
Dictators (like Pinochet and Gates) do their dirty deeds because they feel
no need to placate the masses. This anarcho-capitalist spew is so much crap that the bullshit indicators
are blaring at top volume. If the people can't control a constitutional
government, known for having peacefully free elections for over two hundred
years, then how the hell do think you can convince somebody that the people
are going to be able to control warlords and monopolies. It's called, "You
don't like it? Bang, Bang, you're dead!" Try to lift yourself out of the bullshit of your theory and give us at
least one REAL example (current or historic) of a large scale, long lasting
anarcho-capitalist society. Hippie communes are too small, and make sure
it's capitalistic. If you can't think of one in the next year or so then
come back and tell us.

@_date: 1998-11-11 06:23:15
@_author: Albert P. Franco, II 
@_subject: dbts: Privacy Fetishes, Perfect Competition, and the  Foregone(fwd) 
A non-text attachment was scrubbed...
Name: not available
Type: text/enriched
Size: 4061 bytes
Desc: not available
URL:

@_date: 1998-11-11 22:57:56
@_author: Albert P. Franco, II 
@_subject: dbts: Privacy Fetishes, Perfect Competition, and the Foregone(fwd) 
I re-read my original sentence and it seems that your interpretation is
possible. I would like to clarify that the power I refer to is only that
part of their power which might be lost or threatened. Clearly if they have
no power they can't lose it. I want to say that if some or all of their
power could be placed in jeopardy they would tend to better behaved. Why do
you suppose Clinton spent so much time licking everybodys' boots and
repeatedly embellishing his "apologies" to the "public".
You obviously think that anything goes in business. Frankly Gates is a
perfect example of why you anarcho-BS is doomed to failure. He will do
anything (and has) he can to be the only player in every market he touches.
He has destroyed otherwise perfectly good businesses and products just to
increase his profits. He has violated workers rights to increase his
profit. In short he has demonstrated that if you let him murder wouldn't be
to far a step to reach his goals.
He is the monster that proves that your ideas are actually very very old
(caveman days) and are doomed by progress and civilization. Injecting
capitalism (investment oriented markets) into barbarism doesn't change the
fact that it is still barbarism, which in facts negates the ability to have
investment oriented markets, or capitalism. Who would invest if someone
with a gun could come and take it without out fear of retribution. And so everybody's so busy shooting each other that nobody is investing,
and I have to ask, "What happened to the capitalism part of
WRONG!!!! Parliaments and representative governments did exist in somewhat
other forms. 1776 was NOT a revolution it was evolution. It comes from
among other things the Magna Carta of England as well as many other
concepts astutely compiled by the "forefathers". Your propositions emanate from a basis which existed before there were
nations and well before investment and economic development began. In fact,
anarchy had to be overcome before consistent development could occur. Once
we organized our societies and brought long (relatively) periods of peace
to the general populace economic and scientific development began to grow.
Certainly you will find it impossible to site any anarchic or nearly
anarchic "society" (oxymoron) which has brought sustained significant
You whole thesis is based on violence, the exact opposite of what's
required for sustained economic growth. You lose! Consistently wrong
answers. You just don't get it. War does not produce wide spread economic
growth in those zones affected by the war. It destroys the infrastructure
that only an organized government is capable of maintaining. Granted, if
you can be the one selling the weapons you might profit for a while. But
eventually, those same weapons will be turned on you.
The real answer is to keep the government focused on keeping the peace and
maintaining the infrastructures using as light a hand as possible--which is
never going to be an easy task. But no government is NO GROWTH. The
libertarians have at least part of the equation correct. They go a little
too far to one extreme. But this is good, they're mostly just extreme
enough to pull a wondering government back into the middle where it should
be. Your anarcho-spew is rubbish, poorly thought out, and without any real
validation. I bet most of the most fervent defenders of gun ownership on this list
actually hope never to have to make use of their tunnels, guns, and
survival rations.
War is simply not good economics, and anarchy is war--constant, festering,
sometimes small scale, sometimes large scale, but always war.

@_date: 1998-11-15 03:21:12
@_author: Albert P. Franco, II 
@_subject: SIGH... NOT!! THC tainted oranges 
Nobody that has been on this list very long could have been duped...We all
know that some group of MIB types would have swooped down on the guy, and
he would have been just another heart attack statistic...

@_date: 1998-11-24 07:16:22
@_author: Albert P. Franco, II 
@_subject: Goldbach's Conjecture - the various definitions 
Math works because in most (we would like to say all...) cases it is WELL
DEFINED. Subtle differences in the definition of a problem can drastically
alter the solution. Goldbach's Conjecture states that any EVEN OR ODD
number can be expressed by a sum of three primes. The reduction only speaks
of EVEN numbers. They are EQUIVALENT but not exactly the same thing. Don't
lose sight of the domains of the two statements. He never stated that ODD
numbers could be expressed as sums of TWO primes.
It is very important to get all of the information assembled before running
out to test the conjecture! Goldbach's original conjecture allowed for even
numbers to be done with two primes but since it included the odd numbers
too, he had to allow for a third prime. Kind of an aside to this, I was playing with the ideas of repetitious
members of the sum and found that most numbers can be expressed by a lot of
different combinations of different primes. That is
17=11+3+3=11+3+1=9+5+3=7+5+5, etc. The higher the number the more
combinations possible. I only worked with prime numbers as the result of
the sum. But cursory inspection leads to the conclusion that all numbers
can be expressed in many ways by sums of two and three primes. Depending on
where you start to calculate (2,3,4,5,6, ...) as the first number you can
always use 3 as the third prime when summing to an odd number, Therefor
after a certain point you don't need to include 1 (as Goldbach appears to
have allowed in his original conjecture).
I would like to know if there is ANY number n>7 for which only one sum of
primes may be found. Since there were so many possible combinations, it
seems that you can take or leave the restriction of no repeats. But, if
there exists some number for which only one possible combination exists
then perhaps there exists a number for which the one and only combination
has a repeated component.
When I get a few more minutes to tinker with this I'll try to run some
tests to find such a number. I used do this type of tinkering in high school. If I had had a PII 300 and
MathCAD back then I would have never left Mathematics!! It was quite fun
seeing the multiple solutions popping out.

@_date: 1998-11-26 03:52:22
@_author: Albert P. Franco, II 
@_subject: [ISN] Feds Want Banks to Spy on All Customers...Even You!   (fwd) 
A non-text attachment was scrubbed...
Name: not available
Type: text/enriched
Size: 12535 bytes
Desc: not available
URL:

@_date: 1998-10-02 15:10:12
@_author: Albert P. Franco, II 
@_subject: microcurrency proposal 
snip... Here in Spain prepay telephone cards for cell phones are quite popular. The
idea is that you buy a card for 5000 pesetas ($35) and make calls until it
is exhausted then you get another. As a manner of getting something going
why not charge $5 OR $10 for the download and discount away until the
plug-in is empty. Obviously, there needs to be some way to make sure the
customer doesn't tinker with the value remaining. Pretty much all of the
technology for distribution is already easily available and as mentioned
further on in your letter the amounts are so small that fraud shouldn't be
too much of an issue.
The page generators side is likewise straight forward as they collect the
charge amount and plugin certificate number which they send as a file
periodically to the plugin provider who verifies that no "major" fraud has
occurred and then disburses the funds (minus commission) to the content
provider. Don't get to nervous about the plugin certificate number. These
numbers would not be used to link to a particular user, but rather to make
sure that a $5 dollar cert only runs up $5 of charges after which it is
This situation may be addressable in (at least) two ways. Issue a limited
value plugin say for 50 cent increments or incorporate a mechanism for
crediting the plugin. I prefer the first method since the second may make
the system more vulnerable.
The plugin issuer should not be required to be an expert in international
tax law. I think an annual statement of payments sent to the content
provider would probably be sufficient. The concept is that the content
provider has not sold services or content to 50,000 individuals but rather
one customer. I think that pretty much all countries have existing methods
of controlling and collecting taxes based on the income derived from sales
activities. There is no need to make the task of the plugin issuer more
As my suggestions above demonstrate, I agree that this is perhaps the most
likely way that a "grassroots" based microcurrency system could actually
get off the ground. There is absolutely nothing in this plan that mandates
the participation of major financial entities, which seems to be a major
bottleneck for other systems. (Besides the fact that the big guys don't
seem interested in truly "micro" transactions) This is in fact something
that could very well grow in Internet time scale rather than (conservative)
bankers time.
Al Franco, II

@_date: 1998-10-02 15:10:59
@_author: Albert P. Franco, II 
@_subject: IP: Clear and present danger: FIGHT AGAINST NATIONAL ID CARD (fwd) 
I think the original message speaks of executive, legislative, and judicial
branches. As defined by the constitution this is, in fact, the federal
government. As a matter of practice, most if not all, of the states are
also divided this way. Article X which you quoted supports the tacit
understanding that We, the people, are not actually THE government. We, the
people, have, by this the supreme law of the land, authorized the formation
and maintenance of a government which by this same document We authorize to
govern us. I don't really see anywhere that says we can't revoke our
authorization. But I also don't see anything that places We, the people,
inside the government structures.
Remember, there was a great deal of fuss made by the framers of that great
document about giving the People too much power. That's why there were
originally a lot of limits on direct election of top officials. Hell
technically, we still don't directly elect the president. The electoral
college does. We also cannot directly propose or implement legislation.
Some states do allow this level of popular intervention but the sad fact is
we still don't have a national referendum.
The statement you made that, "There are *THREE* (3) EQUALLY powered members
in the government of the United States of America; federal, state, and the
people." Is simply not true. The states are no longer equals to the feds,
and We the people are in today's world much less than equal to either.
Al Franco, II

@_date: 1998-09-01 02:08:06
@_author: Albert P. Franco, II 
@_subject: BEWARE of SnakeOil (tm) 
The writer of this article shows an astonishing lack of computer knowledge.
If they get the source code then there is no need to reverse engineer!
Discount anything technical this writer says since he/she is clueless!
Give 'em a word processor and they think they're journalists...
Albert P. Franco, II

@_date: 1998-09-08 19:29:01
@_author: Albert P. Franco, II 
@_subject: Seed to clone himself, one way or another [CNN] 
But if the feds pull similar bullshit as with crypto work he'll have to
give up US citizenship to do the work. The regs for crypto appear to make
it such that even if I live permanently outside the US I can not work on or
produce crypto related products even if they are based on non-US
technologies. It seems that being a citizen of the US is less and less
attractive every day...
Albert P. Franco, II

@_date: 1998-09-14 14:34:50
@_author: Albert P. Franco, II 
@_subject: IP: Impeachment Petition -- NOT! 
I sent mine to Vic Fazio (D-CA) about six hours ago and no bounce yet.
Maybe it's your rep's system that's down.
