
@_date: 2005-03-24 12:24:21
@_author: Claudio Agostino Ardagna 
@_subject: [p2p-hackers] REMINDER: CFP - ESORICS 2005: Deadline extension 
[Apologies if you receive multiple copies of this message]
CALL FOR PAPERS
ESORICS 2005
10TH EUROPEAN SYMPOSIUM ON RESEARCH IN COMPUTER SECURITY
Milan, Italy - September 14-16, 2005
Due to several requests the deadline is extended to April 1, 2005 (firm)
Papers offering novel research contributions in any aspect of computer
security are solicited for submission to the Tenth European Symposium
on Research in Computer Security (ESORICS 2005). Organized in a series
of European countries, ESORICS is confirmed as the European research
event in computer security. The symposium started in 1990 and has been
held on alternate years in different European countries and attracts
an international audience from both the academic and industrial
communities. From 2002 it has been held yearly. The Symposium has
established itself as one of the premiere, international gatherings on
information assurance. Papers may present theory, technique,
applications, or practical experience on topics including:
- access control
- accountability
- anonymity
- applied cryptography
- authentication
- covert channels
- cryptographic protocols
- cybercrime
- data and application security
- data integrity
- denial of service attacks
- dependability
- digital right managament
- firewalls
- formal methods in security
- identity management
- inference control
- information dissemination control
- information flow control
- information warfare
- intellectual property protection
- intrusion tolerance
- language-based security
- network security
- non-interference
- peer-to-peer security
- privacy-enhancing technology
- pseudonymity
- secure electronic commerce
- security administration
- security as quality of service
- security evaluation
- security management
- security models
- security requirements engineering
- security verification
- smartcards
- steganography
- subliminal channels
- survivability
- system security
- transaction management
- trust models and trust management policies
- trustworthy user devices
The primary focus is on high-quality original unpublished research,
case studies and implementation experiences. We encourage submissions
of papers discussing industrial research and development. Proceedings
will be published by Springer-Verlag in the Lecture Notes in Computer
Science series.
INSTRUCTIONS FOR PAPER SUBMISSIONS
Submitted papers must not substantially overlap papers that have been
published or that are simultaneously submitted to a journal or a
conference with proceedings. Papers should be at most 15 pages
excluding the bibliography and well-marked appendices (using 11-point
font), and at most 20 pages total. Committee members are not required
to read the appendices, and so the paper should be intelligible
without them.
To submit a paper, send to esorics05 at dti.unimi.it a plain ASCII text
email containing the title and abstract of your paper, the authors'
names, email and postal addresses, phone and fax numbers, and
identification of the contact author. To the same message, attach
your submission (as a MIME attachment) in PDF or portable postscript
format. Do NOT send files formatted for word processing packages
(e.g., Microsoft Word or WordPerfect files). Submissions not meeting
these guidelines risk rejection without consideration of their merits.
Submissions must be received by March 25, 2005 in order to be
considered. Notification of acceptance or rejection will be sent to
authors by May 30, 2005. Authors of accepted papers must be prepared
to sign a copyright statement and must guarantee that their paper
will be presented at the conference. Authors of accepted papers must
follow the Springer Information for Authors' guidelines for the
preparation of the manuscript and use the templates provided there.
GENERAL CHAIR
Pierangela Samarati
University of Milan
email: samarati at dti.unimi.it
PROGRAM CHAIRS
Sabrina De Capitani di Vimercati
University of Milan
email: decapita at dti.unimi.it
Paul Syverson
Naval Research Laboratory
url: PUBLICATION CHAIR
Dieter Gollman
TU Hamburg-Harburg
email: diego at tuhh.de
PUBLICITY CHAIR
Claudio A. Ardagna
University of Milan, Italy
email: ardagna at dti.unimi.it
IMPORTANT DATES
Paper Submission due: April 1, 2005 (NEW)
Notification: May 30, 2005
Final papers due: June 30, 2005
PROGRAM COMMITTEE
Rakesh Agrawal IBM Almaden Research Center, USA
Gerard Allwein Naval Research Laboratory, USA
Ross Anderson University of Cambridge, UK
Vijay Atluri Rutgers University, USA
Michael Backes IBM Zurich Research Laboratory, Switzerland
Giampaolo Bella  University of Catania, Italy
Jan Camenisch IBM Zurich Research Laboratory, Switzerland
David Chadwick University of Kent, UK
Marc Dacier Institut Euricom, France
Ernesto Damiani University of Milan, Italy
George Danezis University of Cambridge, UK
Simon Foley University College, Ireland
Philippe Golle Palo Alto Research Center, USA
Sushil Jajodia George Mason University, USA
Marit Hansen Independent Centre for Privacy Protection Schleswig-Holstein,
Philippa Hopcroft Oxford University, UK
Dogan Kesdogan RWTH Aachen, Informatik IV, Germany
Peng Liu The Pennsylvania State University, USA
Javier Lopez University of Malaga, Spain
Heiko Mantel ETH-Zentrum, Switzerland
Nick Mathewson The Free Haven Project, USA
Patrick McDaniel The Pennsylvania State University, USA
Peng Ning NC State University, USA
Peter Ryan University of Newcastle upon Tyne, UK
Kazue Sako NEC Corporation, Japan
Pierangela Samarati   University of Milan, Italy
Vanessa Teague University of Melbourne, Australian
Mariemma I. Yague University of Malaga, Spain
Alec Yasinsac Florida State University, USA
p2p-hackers mailing list
p2p-hackers at zgp.org
Here is a web page listing P2P Conferences:
Eugen* Leitl leitl
ICBM: 48.07078, 11.61144            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
         [demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]
