
@_date: 2003-08-27 09:58:40
@_author: Mises Daily Article 
@_subject: Costs of the Surveillance State 
Costs of the Surveillance State
by Erich Mattei
[Posted August 27, 2003]
 Police departments around the nation have begun utilizing high-tech video surveillance in their fight against crime, as the private sector has for many years. Officials in New Orleans recently announced that by October the city plans to have installed 100 of these surveillance cameras within its limits. The plan, which will eventually see the installation of 1,000 cameras throughout the city, is part of an effort to further combat crime in certain "hot spots."[1]
New Orleans Police Department spokesman Sgt. Paul Accardo said that in July alone suspects in two separate slayings were captured thanks to the footage caught on surveillance. The city is now one of more than a dozen cities around the nation that are using surveillance to deter crime and identify criminals.
The implementation of public video surveillance is a direct result of the inefficiencies of state law enforcement. As a result, instead of loosening regulations and allowing individuals to purchase protection for themselves from private agencies, the state is attempting to account for its own incompetence. (This issue has followed the same path as the evolution of the housing crisis of past decades, whereby state imposed rent control and standards created a shortage of affordable housing, which the state attempted to account for with the creation of subsidized housing.[2])   Of the many absurd features of the adoption of public video surveillance, there are three notable injustices that will arise.
First, how will government decide where the cameras will be placed?  Obviously the purpose of the tactic is to aid the ineffectual law enforcement in high crime areas, but whose property will be in the eye of the lens?  Clearly, this is just another instance of subsidization, some benefit at the expense of others.
Secondly, which of the state's personnel will view the footage and judge how such footage can be used?  Further, who is to determine the legitimacy or conclusiveness of evidence caught on tape?  Could someone smoking a cigarette be accused of smoking dope, or could someone sipping a milkshake in their car be accused of drinking and driving?
Finally, who or what will set limits on the usage of the cameras?  When will usage go too far?  What ludicrous, illegitimate new laws condemning victimless crimes will be passed for individuals to uphold once personal activities on private property have been publicized?  These chief issues surrounding the implementation of public surveillance merely scratch the surface into what such measures would certainly bring about.
Although it is difficult for many to admit, public law enforcement is characterized by the same traits that are exhibited in all government provided goods and services. Likewise, the recent trend within the sector provides a perfect example of the injustices and inefficiencies of such programs. Analysis of the current crime situation plaguing cities around the nation reveals the irony of state-run defense. By monopolizing law enforcement, the state has taken up the responsibility of protecting everyone within its borders, and the certain failures guaranteed by such measures have manifested themselves.
A primary reason for these shortcomings is the shortage of law enforcement services. In providing a "free" service[3] such as police and courts, the state has essentially fixed the price of protection below the market price thus setting the demand for such services far beyond supply. Additionally, in regulating private police and security agencies to the point where an array of justified measures have been simply outlawed, the state is the only source of legal defense. Being that individuals seeking defense have no other legal means of protection than the state, what incentive does the state have to operate efficiently? Since the service is already funded by the taxes, and individuals cannot patronize another defender, the state can thoughtlessly surf its monopoly wave.
What, then, is the most efficient, just solution?  As is the case with every good and service that constitute the economy, freedom. Unregulated markets are characterized by the tendency of resources to move toward their most efficient, most demanded uses; hence defense services would naturally shift to traditionally high-crime areas, creating competition and overall lower prices. Free market law enforcement would operate as insurance does, save for the current regulations on that industry. Individuals would purchase defense services, if they so desired, on a subscription basis paying premiums as stipulated in contract.
Different levels of coverage would exist so as to best satisfy the demands of the consumer. Through competition, inefficient and corrupt bandit agencies, like some current police forces around the nation, would undoubtedly find themselves bankrupt as the proficient, just agencies best satisfy individuals' needs. It would be likely that group services would become widespread whereby individuals living in the same community would pool their funds to purchase defense for the group as a whole. Likewise, if individuals felt as though they could defend themselves, without aid, the option is theirs.
No one can deny the fact that public law enforcement falls short of being a success. However, many believe that the solution is giving more entitlement to the state to allocate funds for improvements, such as the installation of surveillance cameras. Society has come to allow government too much clout, entrusting it with too many responsibilities, granting it an abundance of control. When individuals face tribulations or the status of the economy is in shambles, people see the state as the source of salvation instead of the source of the problem.
Erich Mattei is an economics major at Loyola University of New Orleans. ehmattei at loyno.edu. See his archive.
[1] The Times-Picayune. Saturday, August 9, 2003. A1, A7.
[2] See Block, Walter, & Edgar Olsen. Rent Control: Myths and Realities. The Fraser Institute. Vancouver, British Columbia: 1981.
[3] Obviously these services are not free being that they are funded by plunder, i.e. taxes. See Rothbard, Murray. Power and Market. 2nd Edition. Sheed Andrews and McMeel, Inc. Kansas City: 1977. 1734.
[Print Friendly Page]
Mises Email List Services
Join the Mises Institute Mises.org Store
Home | About | Email List | Search | Contact Us | Periodicals | Articles | Games & Fun
News | Resources | Catalog | Contributions | Freedom Calendar
You are subscribed as: rahettinga at earthlink.net
To unsubscribe, click here:   at earthlink.net
or e-mail:  article-unsubscribe-rahettinga=earthlink.net at mises.biglist.com
--- end forwarded text

@_date: 2004-04-09 09:15:18
@_author: Mises Daily Article 
@_subject: What Brought on the French Revolution? 
What Brought on the French Revolution?
By H.A. Scott Trask
[Posted April 9, 2004]
 No matter how much the American economy grows during the next decade, the
government will have serious trouble funding expanding entitlements,
increased education spending, and ongoing wars in the Middle East, while
maintaining a global military constabulary and presence everywhere.
Something has to give. No matter how one crunches the numbers, a crisis is
looming, and Americans are bound to see their standard of living fall and
their global empire collapse.
It has happened before. Consider that seminal and catastrophic event that
inaugurated the era of mass politics, bureaucratic centralism, and the
ideological statethe French Revolution. It is a large and complex event
worthy of a Gibbon, but it may not have happened at all if the French
monarchy had balanced its budget.
While the causes of the Revolution are many, the cause of the crisis that
brought on the Revolution is not. It was a fiscal and credit crisis that
weakened the authority and confidence of the monarchy so much that it
thought it had to convene a defunct political assembly before it had safely
carried out a successful program of liberal constitutional and free market
reform. It would be as if the American federal government called a
constitutional convention with an open agenda and hoped that all would go
smoothly. The Estates General lasted only a little over a month before the
leaders of the Third Estate (the bourgeoisie, artisans, and peasantry)
transformed it into a National Assembly and took political power from the
monarchy. The Revolution was on.
Revisionist historians have challenged the standard interpretation of
pre-revolutionary France as a country with a stagnant economy, an oppressed
peasantry, a shackled bourgeoisie, and an archaic political structure. In
Citizens (1989), Simon Schama describes France under Louis XVI as a rapidly
modernizing nation with entrepreneurial nobles, a reform-minded monarchy,
nascent industrialization, growing commerce, scientific progress, and
energetic intendants (royal administrators in the provinces).
Moreover, Montesquieu was in vogue; the English mixed constitution was the
cynosure of political reform, and the economic philosophy of physiocracy,
with its belief in economic law and advocacy of laissez faire, had
discredited the dogmas of state mercantilism.
Turgot argued perceptively that another war with England would derail his
reform program, bankrupt the state, and, even if successful, do little to
weaken British power.
In 1774, Louis XVI appointed Jacques Turgot, a Physiocrat, to be
Controller-General of Finances. Turgot believed that subsidies,
regulations, and tariffs were crippling productivity and enterprise in
France. End them, he advised the king, and business would thrive and state
revenues increase. He proposed an ambitious reform program that included
taking down internal custom barriers, lifting price controls on grain,
abolishing the guilds and the corvee (forced labor service), and devolving
political power to newly created provincial assemblies (two of which he
established). Turgot envisioned a federated France, with a chain of elected
bodies extending from the village through the provinces to some form of
national assembly.
Not surprisingly, there was both aristocratic and popular opposition to
these reforms, but what really doomed them was Turgot's inveterate
opposition to French intervention in the American War of Independence. Many
were still stewing over the humiliating and catastrophic defeat suffered by
France in the Seven Years' War (17561763). The country had lost her North
American possessions (Quebec, Louisiana) and all of French India, except
two trading stations. The foreign minister (Vergennes) calculated that by
helping the Americans gain their independence they could weaken the British
Empire, gain revenge, and restore France's previous position as one of the
world's two superpowers.
 Turgot argued perceptively that another war with England would derail his
reform program, bankrupt the state, and, even if successful, do little to
weaken British power. "The first gunshot will drive the state to
bankruptcy," he warned the king. It was to no avail. International power
politics and considerations of national prestige took precedence over
domestic reform, and the king dismissed him in May 1776. He would be proved
right on all three points.
The French began covertly supplying war material to the rebellious
colonists in 1777, and in 1778 they signed a treaty of alliance with the
Americans. Throughout the war, they supplied hard money loans, and
underwrote others for the purchase of war supplies in Europe. In 1780, they
landed a 5,000-man army in Rhode Island. In 1781, the French navy blockaded
Lord Cornwallis's army at Yorktown.
Turgot's successor Jacques Necker, a Swiss banker, financed these
expenditures almost entirely through loans. Although successful, France's
intervention cost 1.3 billion livres and almost doubled her national debt.
Schama writes, "No state with imperial pretensions has, in fact, ever
subordinated what it takes to be irreducible military interests to the
considerations of a balanced budget. And like apologists for military force
in twentieth-century America," imperialists "in eighteenth century France
pointed to the country's vast demographic and economic reserves and a
flourishing economy to sustain the burden."  Even more, they claimed that
prosperity was "contingent on such military expenditures, both directly in
naval bases like Brest and Toulon, and indirectly in the protection it gave
to the most rapidly expanding sector of the economy."  Plus ca change, plus
c'est la meme chose.
The new Controller General made no effort to restrain domestic or court
spending. The result was a peacetime spending spree and chronic budget
Necker was neither a financial profligate nor an ultra royalist. He was
simply financing a war that the government deemed to be in the national
interest. During the conflict, he held down royal expenditures at home,
eliminated many sinecures, published a national budget in 1781, and
proposed the formation of a third provincial assembly. However, when his
request to join the royal council (as a Protestant, he was barred) was
rejected, he resigned. His immediate successor, Joly de Fleury, restored
many of the offices he had eliminated.
Upon the return of peace with the signing of the Treaty of Paris (1783),
the monarchy had another opportunity to institute economic, financial, and
political reforms, but it squandered it. Just as with the first Bush
administration after the Cold War, there would be no peace dividend. The
government was determined to exploit the vacuum created by British defeat
to restore French imperial power. Their global strategy was to maintain a
standing army of 150,000 men to defend the borders and preserve the balance
of power on the Continent while building up a transoceanic navy capable of
challenging the British in all the world's oceans. What is more, the new
Controller General, Calonne, made no effort to restrain domestic or court
spending. The result was a peacetime spending spree, chronic budget
deficits, and the addition of 700 million livres to the national debt. By
1788, debt service alone would absorb fifty percent of annual revenue. It
was guns and butter, French style. Today we are savoring it, Texas style.
In a few years, Calonne was faced with an imminent fiscal catastrophe. The
annual deficit in 1786 was projected to be 112 million livres, and the
American war loans would begin falling due the next year. Action was
imperative. Such was the power of liberal and federalist ideas in France
that Calonne summoned the Physiocrat Dupont de Nemours, a former Turgot
associate, to advise him. Meanwhile, with their blessing, the foreign
minister, Vergennes, signed a free trade agreement with Great Britain
(1786). With the help of Nemours, Calonne proposed the following measures
to open up the French economy: the deregulation of the domestic grain
trade, the dismantling of internal custom barriers, and commuting the
corvee into a public works tax. To raise a regular and equitable revenue,
he suggested a "territorial subvention," (i.e. a direct tax levied on all
landowners, without exception, to be assessed and levied by representative
provincial assemblies).
Calonne remembered the mistake Turgot had made ten years before. He had
relied exclusively on royal authority to enact his program and in so doing
had antagonized the nobility who did not like being presented with a fait
accompli. To avoid a similar fate, Calonne suggested the summoning of an
Assembly of Notables for early 1787 to consider, modify, and sanction the
reforms before they were sent to the Parlement of Paris for registration
(making them law). The king approved Calonne's whole program in December
1786. Here was the last chance for the monarchy to institute a program of
decentralist constitutional and liberal economic reform that would free the
economy, solve the fiscal crisis, transmute absolutism into
constitutionalism, and avert an impending political cataclysm.
Alas, as excellent and necessary as were Calonne's reforms, he was not the
right man to see them through. He was deeply unpopular for his lavish court
spending and for using his office to cultivate various corrupt stock
schemes. The nobility did not trust him, and the people despised him.
Recognizing he was a liability, the king dismissed him and appointed
Lomenie de Brienne in his stead. Brienne was a high noble, a Notable, and a
reformer. The Assembly was supportive of all the reforms, except the taxes.
Here they balked. Before they would give their sanction to new taxes, they
wanted the king to publish an annual budget and to agree to a permanent
commission of auditors.
Their concern was obvious. Why should they agree to changes that would
increase royal revenue if they had no way of monitoring royal expenses to
see if those funds were being prudently spent?  Now the king balked. He
thought the proposals an infringement on his prerogatives over the finances
and the budget. He vetoed them. It was a grievous error, but typical of the
vacillating mind of the king and the intellectual fetters of an absolutist
political tradition.   The Parlement of Paris duly registered the decrees freeing the grain trade,
commuting the corvee, and setting up the provincial assemblies, but they
would not register the stamp duty or the land tax. They claimed that only
the Estates General, the medieval representative assembly of the three
estates of the kingdom (clergy, nobility, and commons) that had last met in
1614, could approve the taxes. The nobles were gambling that Louis would
never dare call for an assembly of the Estates. It was a clever stratagem
for defeating the tax proposals without incurring the popular odium for
doing so. The nobility and clergy would not give up their tax exemptions
nor grant the monarchy a potentially inexhaustible new source of revenue
without a share of political power. An unforeseen consequence was to create
a popular expectation for the reconvening of the Estates. This time the
nobility erred.
If the monarchy had not been so pressed for funds to stave off bankruptcy,
they could have declared the registered edicts a victory for reform and
waited for another day to deal with taxes. Not having that luxury, Brienne
and the king panicked. They decided to resort to the weapons of royal
absolutism to force through the tax reforms. They issued lits de justice
declaring the new taxes to be law by royal will. Second, they exiled the
recalcitrant Parlement to Troyes. The public outcry and institutional
resistance to these tyrannical measures was such that the monarchy had to
back down. The king recalled the Parlement and withdrew the lits de justice.
Brienne now requested that the Parlement register new royal loans to stave
off bankruptcy. It did so, but it again called for the re-convening of the
Estates General. It also attempted to establish its new position as a de
facto parliament. It declared that royal decrees were not law unless duly
registered by the parlements and denied the constitutionality of both lits
de justice and lettres de cachet (royal arrest warrants). The king and
Brienne believed that the future of royal absolutism was at stake, so they
responded with force. They surrounded the Parlement with troops. The king
stripped it of its powers of remonstrance and registry, and he invested
those powers in a new Plenary Court to be appointed by him.
The May coup turned both the nobility and the clergy against the Crown,
excited civil protest and unrest, and created a political crisis to match
the seriousness of the fiscal crisis. Once again, a foolish attempt to
preserve inviolate the senescent institutions of absolutism had failed.  By
August 1788, the monarchy was bankrupt and without credit. It could borrow
new funds neither in Paris nor Amsterdam. Brienne had no choice but to
resign. The king recalled Necker, who was the one man who had the
confidence of investors, was trusted by the nobility, and popular among the
masses. The king also summoned the Estates General to meet in May 1789.
The people would assemble by order in local assemblies and elect delegates.
The electorate would comprise over six million Frenchmen. Schama calls it
"the most numerous experiment in political representation attempted
anywhere in the world."  By tradition, the assemblies could draw up a list
of grievances and requests which their representatives would take with them
to Versailles. They would carry 25,000 of them. Students are taught that
the nobility and clergy were determined to preserve the old order, the
ancien regime, with most of their privileges intact, and admit only a
modicum of change, while the Third Estate demanded a transformed France in
which the watchwords would be liberty, progress, and modernity.
The truth is almost precisely the opposite. The majority of the nobility
envisioned a France that was rational, liberal, and constitutional. They
were willing to surrender their tax exemptions and seigniorial dues. They
called for the abolition of lettres de cachet and all forms of censorship;
they wanted an Anglo-Saxon style bill of rights with constitutional
protection for civil liberties. They recommended financial reforms: a
published national budget, the abolition of the sale of government offices,
and an end to tax farming. They also urged the abolition of the trade
guilds and the suppression of internal custom barriers.
While many of these recommendations are found in the cahiers of the Third
Estate, they are eclipsed by material concernsunderstandable complaints
about the high price of bread, the game laws, the gabelle (the salt tax),
and the depredations of the tax collectors. There are also numerous
criticisms of recent reforms, such as the free trade agreement with
England, the lifting of price controls on grain, agricultural enclosures,
and the granting of civil rights to Protestants.
In short, the voice of the Third Estate was largely one of reaction, and
while they wanted fewer taxes they wanted more government. According to
Schama, "much of the anger firing revolutionary violence arose from
hostility towards that modernization, rather than from impatience with the
speed of its progress." If only the French elites had reformed. There would have been no Terror, no
Napoleon, no centralizing, statist revolution.
The Third Estate had some liberal merchants and innovative industrialists,
but it had many more urban artisans and peasants. The latter believed they
were getting the shaft and that the nobility and clergy, as well as the
wealthy members of their own estate, were to blame. They wanted price
controls reimposed on grain, restrictions put on its exportation, the
prohibition of foreign manufactures, and the punishment of "speculators"
and "hoarders."  They found leaders among lawyer intellectuals of their own
estate, and some visionary members of the others, who spoke in a charged
language of grievance, polarity, and combat. Knowing little and caring less
about economic liberty or federal constitutionalism, they spoke of patriots
versus traitors, citizens versus aristocrats, virtue versus vice, the
nation assailed by its enemies. They offered the masses panaceas for their
plight, villains to blame, and promises that the possession of political
power would heave in the dikes of privilege and unleash the fountains of
Schama correctly deduces that it was the politicization of the masses that
"turned a political crisis into a full-blooded revolution."  Once the vast
Third Estate was told that they were the nation and that a "true national
assembly would, by virtue of its higher moral qualityits common
patriotismprovide satisfaction, they were given a direct stake in sweeping
institutional change."  The abbe Sieyes' pamphlet What is the Third Estate?
appeared in January 1789 and would be to the French Revolution what Thomas
Paine's Common Sense (1776) had been to the American. By the time the
Estates General convened in May, the masses and leading intellectuals
regarded the continued existence of separate social orders with their own
institutional representation not only as an obstacle to reform, but as
unpatriotic, even treasonous. When the Estates General metastasized into
the National Assembly in June 1789, it was the onset of a radical
revolution. Liberty would not fare well on the guillotine.
Through 1788 and into 1789 the gods seemed to be conspiring to bring on a
popular revolution. A spring drought was followed by a devastating hail
storm in July. Crops were ruined. There followed one of the coldest winters
in French history. Grain prices skyrocketed. Even in the best of times, an
artisan or factor might spend 40 percent of his income on bread. By the end
of the year, 80 percent was not unusual. "It was the connection of anger
with hunger that made the Revolution possible," observed Schama. It was
also envy that drove the Revolution to its violent excesses and destructive
Take the Reveillon riots of April 1789. Reveillon was a successful Parisian
wall-paper manufacturer. He was not a noble but a self-made man who had
begun as an apprentice paper worker but now owned a factory that employed
400 well-paid operatives. He exported his finished products to England (no
mean feat). The key to his success was technical innovation, machinery, the
concentration of labor, and the integration of industrial processes, but
for all these the artisans of his district saw him as a threat to their
jobs. When he spoke out in favor of the deregulation of bread distribution
at an electoral meeting, an angry crowded marched on his factory, wrecked
it, and ransacked his home.
Economic science would not fare well. According to Jean Baptiste Say, "The
moment there was any question in the National Assembly of commerce or
finances, violent invectives could be heard against the economists."  That
is what happens when political power is handed over to
pseudo-intellectuals, lawyers, and the mob.
The exponents of the rationalistic Enlightenment had stood for a
constitutional monarchy, a liberal economic and legal order, scientific
progress, and a competent administration. According to Schama, "They were
heirs to the reforming ethos of Louis XVI's reign, and authentic predictors
of the 'new notability' to emerge after the Revolution had run its course.
Their language was reasonable and their tempers cool. What they had in mind
was a nation vested, through its representatives, with the power to strip
away the obstructions to modernity. Such a state . . . would not wage war
on the France of the 1780s but consummate its promise."
If only the French elites could have agreed on a course of reform along
these lines, there would have been no Terror, no Napoleon, no centralizing,
statist revolution. And it was the pressing financial crisis, brought on by
deficit spending to fund a global empire that in the end frustrated the
kind of evolutionary political and economic liberalization that is the true
road of civilized progress.
Historian Scott Trask is an adjunct scholar of the Mises Institute.
hstrask at highstream.net. See his archive. Discuss this article on the blog.
In response to many requests, it is now possible to set your credit-card
contribution to the Mises Institute to be recurring. You can easily set
this up on-line with a donation starting at $10 per month. See the
Membership Page. This is one way to
ensure that your support for the Mises Institute is ongoing.
Friendly Page]
Mises Email List Services
Join the Mises Institute
Mises.org Store
Home | About |
Email List |
Search |
Contact Us |
Periodicals |
Articles |
Games & Fun
News |
Resources |
Catalog |
Contributions |
Freedom Calendar
You are subscribed as: rah at shipwright.com
account. Unsubscribe
or send email to this
--- end forwarded text

@_date: 2004-04-20 09:13:15
@_author: Mises Daily Article 
@_subject: What Should Freedom Lovers Do? 
What Should Freedom Lovers Do?
by Llewellyn H. Rockwell, Jr.
[Posted April 20, 2004]
 How can one combine professional life with the advancement of liberty? Of
course it is presumptuous to offer a definitive answer since all jobs and
careers in the market economy are subject to the forces of the division of
labor. Because a person focuses on one task doesn't mean that he or she
isn't great at many tasks; it means only that the highest productive gains
for everyone come from dividing tasks up among many people of a wide range
of talents.
So it is with the freedom movement. The more of us there are, the more we
do well to specialize, to cooperate through exchange, to boost our impact
by dividing the labor. There is no way to know in advance what is right for
any person in particular. There are so many wonderful paths from which to
choose (and which I will discuss below). But this much we can know. The
usual answergo into governmentis wrongheaded. Too many good minds have
been corrupted and lost by following this fateful course.
If often happens that an ideological movement will make great strides
through education and organization and cultural influence, only to take the
illogical leap of believing that politics and political influence, which
usually means taking jobs within the bureaucracy, is the next rung on the
ladder to success. This is like trying to fight a fire with matches and
gasoline. This is what happened to the Christian right in the 1980s. They
got involved in politics in order to throw off the yoke of the state.
Twenty years later, many of these people are working in the Department of
Education or for the White House, doing the prep work to amend the
Constitution or invade some foreign country. This is a disastrous waste of
intellectual capital.
It is particularly important that believers in liberty not take this
course. Government work has been the chosen career path of socialists,
social reformers, and Keynesians for at least a century. It is the natural
home to them because their ambition is to control society through
government. It works for them but it does not work for us.
To become a bureaucrat to fight bureaucracy, to join the state in order to
roll it back, makes as much sense as fighting fire with matches and
In the first half of the 20th century, libertarians knew how to oppose
statism. They went into business and journalism. They wrote books. They
agitated within the cultural arena. They developed fortunes to help fund
newspapers, schools, foundations, and public education organizations. They
expanded their commercial ventures to serve as a bulwark against central
planning. They became teachers and, when possible, professors. They
cultivated wonderful families and focused on the education of their
It is a long struggle but it is the way the struggle for liberty has always
taken place. But somewhere along the way, some people, enticed by the
prospect of a fast track to reform, rethought this idea. Perhaps we should
try the same technique that the left did. We should get our people in power
and displace their people, and then we can bring about change toward
liberty. In fact, isn't this the most important goal of all? So long as the
left controls the state, it will expand in ways that are incompatible with
freedom. We need to take back the state.
So goes the logic. What is wrong with it? The state's only function is as
an apparatus of coercion and compulsion. That is its distinguishing mark.
It is what makes the state the state. To the same extent that the state
responds well to arguments that it should be larger and more powerful, it
is institutionally hostile to anyone who says that it should be less
powerful and less coercive. That is not to say that some work from the
"inside" cannot do some good, some of the time. But it is far more likely
that the state will convert the libertarian than for the libertarian to
convert the state.
We've all seen this a thousand times. It rarely takes more than a few
months for a libertarian intellectual headed for the Beltway  to "mature"
and realize that his or her old ideals were rather childish and
insufficiently real world. A politician promising to defang Washington
later becomes the leading expert in applying tooth enamel. Once that
fateful step is taken, there are no limits. I know a bureaucrat who
helped run martial law in Iraq who once swore fidelity to Rothbardian
political economy.
The reason has to do with ambition, which is not normally a bad impulse.
The culture of Washington, however, requires that ambition work itself out
by paying maximum deference to the powers that be. At first, this is easy
to justify: how else can the state be converted except by being friendly to
it? The state is our enemy, but for now, we must pretend to be its pal. In
time, the dreams are displaced by the daily need to curry favor. Eventually
the person becomes precisely the kind of person he or she once despised.
(For Lord of the Rings fans, it's like being asked to carry the ring for a
while; you don't want to give it up.)
It is far more likely that the state will convert the libertarian than the
libertarian will convert the state
I've known people who have gone this route and one day took an honest look
in the mirror, and didn't like what they saw. They have said to me that
they were mistaken to think it could work. They didn't recognize the subtle
ways in which they themselves were being drawn in. They recognize the
futility of politely asking the state, day after day, to permit a bit more
liberty here and there. Ultimately you must frame your arguments in terms
of what is good for the state, and the reality is that liberty is not
usually good for the state. Hence, the rhetoric and finally the goal begin
to change.
The state is open to persuasion, to be sure, but it usually acts out of
fear, not friendship. If the bureaucrats and politicians fear backlash,
they will not increase taxes or regulations. If they sense a high enough
degree of public outrage, they will even repeal controls and programs. An
example is the end of alcohol prohibition or the repeal of the 55 mph speed
limit. These were pulled back because politicians and bureaucrats sensed
too high a cost from continued enforcement.
The problem of strategy was something that fascinated Murray Rothbard, who
wrote several important articles on the need for never compromising the
long-run goal for short-term gain through the political process. That
doesn't mean we should not welcome a 1 percent tax cut or repeal a section
of some law. But we should never allow ourselves to be sucked into the
trade-off racket: e.g., repeal this bad tax to impose this better tax. That
would be using a means (a tax) that contradicts the goal (elimination of
The Rothbardian approach to a pro-freedom strategy comes down to the
following four affirmations: 1) the victory of liberty is the highest
political end; 2) the proper groundwork for this goal is a moral passion
for justice; 3) the end should be pursued by the speediest and most
efficacious possible means; and 4) the means taken must never contradict
the goal"whether by advocating gradualism, by employing or advocating any
aggression against liberty, by advocating planned programs, by failing to
seize any opportunities to reduce State power, or by ever increasing it in
any area."
Libertarians are not the first people who have confronted the question of
strategy for social advance and cultural and political change. After the
Civil War, a large part of the population of the South, namely former
slaves, found themselves in a perilous situation. They had a crying need to
advance socially within society, but lacked education, skill, and capital.
They also bore the burden of pushing social change that permitted them to
be regarded as full citizens who made the most of their new freedom. In
many ways, they found themselves in a position somewhat like new immigrants
but with an additional burden of throwing off an old social status for a
new one.
The Reconstruction period of Union-run martial law invited many blacks to
participate in politics as a primary goal. This proved to be a terrible
temptation for many, as the former Virginia slave Booker T. Washington
said. "During the whole of the Reconstruction period our people throughout
the South looked to the Federal Government for everything, very much as a
child looks to its mother." He rejected this political model because "the
general political agitation drew the attention of our people away from the
more fundamental matters of perfecting themselves in the industries at
their doors and in securing property."
The state chews up and either eats or spits out those with a passion for
Washington wrote that "the temptations to enter political life were so
alluring that I came very near yielding to them at one time" but he
resisted this in favor of "the laying of the foundation of the race through
a generous education of the hand, head and heart." Later when he visited
DC, he knew that he had been right. "A large proportion of these people had
been drawn to Washington because they felt that they could lead a life of
ease there," he wrote. "Others had secured minor government positions, and
still another large class was there in the hope of securing Federal
As it was in the 1870s it is today. The state chews up and either eats or
spits out those with a passion for liberty. The extent to which W.E.B
DuBois's Marxian push for political agitation has prevailed over
Washington's push for commercial advance has been tragic for black
Americans and for the whole of American society. Many obtained political
power but not liberty classically understood.
We can learn from this. The thousands of young people who are discovering
the ideas of liberty for the first time ought to stay away from the Beltway
and all its allures. Instead, they should pursue their love and passion
through arts, commerce, education, and even the ministry. These are fields
that offer genuine promise with a high return.
When a libertarian tells me that he is doing some good as a procurement
officer at HUD, I don't doubt his word. But how much more would he do by
quitting his job and writing an expose on the entire bureaucratic racket?
One well-placed blast against such an agency can bring about more reform,
and do more good, than decades of attempted subversion from within.
Are there politicians who do some good? Certainly, and the name Ron Paul is
the first that comes to mind. But the good he does is not as a legislator
as such but as an educator with a prominent platform from which to speak.
Every no vote is a lesson to the multitudes. We need more Ron Pauls.
But Ron is the first to say that, more importantly, we need more
professors, business owners, fathers and mothers, religious leaders, and
entrepreneurs. The party of liberty loves commerce and culture, not the
state. Commerce and culture is our home and our launching ground for social
reform and revolution.
Llewellyn H. Rockwell,
Jr. [rockwell at mises.org] is president of the
Ludwig von Mises Institute in Auburn, Alabama, and editor
of LewRockwell.com. He is the author
of Speaking
of Liberty. See
his archive
and comment on this article on the blog. A
version of this article appeared in the May 2004 issue of The Free Market,
available for Members of the Mises
In response to many requests, it is now possible to set your credit-card
contribution to the Mises Institute to be recurring. You can easily set
this up on-line with a donation starting at $10 per month. See the
Membership Page. This is one way to
ensure that your support for the Mises Institute is ongoing.
Friendly Page]
Mises Email List Services
Join the Mises Institute
Mises.org Store
Home | About |
Email List |
Search |
Contact Us |
Periodicals |
Articles |
Games & Fun
News |
Resources |
Catalog |
Contributions |
Freedom Calendar
You are subscribed as: rah at shipwright.com
account. Unsubscribe
or send email to this
--- end forwarded text
