
@_date: 1997-12-20 04:57:59
@_author: Aryan 
@_subject: Hate speech in America 
I am a German patriot who wants to
publish my ideas without of fear of the German goverment.
But my concern is
that the U. S. ISP I use can hand over my subscriber infoation and logs to the
German goverment.
Does anyone know a U. S. ISP who does not censor hate speech
and who has a _known_ strong privacy policy?
By the way, is hate speech
protected in United States?

@_date: 1997-12-20 11:26:00
@_author: Aryan 
@_subject: Hate speech in America 
"Robert A. Costner" I know Geocities, Tripod, Angelfire and few others who provide free
web hosting.
All these ISPs have policies prohibiting political and sexually
explicitly speech on the
ground of its content.
That's obviously not a First Amendment issue involved.
Yes. They have done so.
Geocities  is very censorious even regarding politically correct
speech such as gay advoccy and Tripod has kickeda homosexual
site of for violation of a clause in the agreement concerning
"adult" content.
I am searching for a commercial ISP who will not censor
political speech and who will respect one's privacy.
I am not a nazi sympathizer, but I don't believe in the
holocaust and want to say it loud.
In Germany and in other countries where the Jews have succeeded
in creating "hate laws"
you can get four years in jail for refusing to
believe in the holocaust.
I would like to set up a homepage with some "illegal" [within
Germany only] content that would not be shut down by the German I am working on a book exposing the holocaust story that would
*surely* be banned in my own "democratic" country.
The  unfortunate not-so-well-known fact about Germany is that we
do not have freedom of speech.
I often wonder why  Amnesty International did not protest the
imprisonment of Gary Lauck who was denied basic due process and
human rights, including freedom of speech and association, by a
kangoro court.
[This message is cross-posted to de.soc.zensur and de.soc.politik
to upset my dictatorial goverment].
