
@_date: 1998-12-18 10:23:59
@_author: Pallas Anonymous Remailer 
@_subject: bears repeating, part 2 
another try:
An alternative to the pyramid form of organization is the cell system. In the past, many political
groups (both left and right) have used the cell system to further their objectives. Two examples will
suffice. During the American Revolution, "committees of correspondence" were formed throughout
the Thirteen Colonies. Their purpose was to subvert the government and thereby aid the cause of
independence. The "Sons of Liberty," who made a name for themselves by dumping government
taxed tea into the harbor at Boston, were the action arm of the committees of correspondence. Each
committee was a secret cell that operated totally independently of the other cells. Information on the
government was passed from committee to committee, from colony to colony, and then acted upon
on a local basis. Yet even in those bygone days of poor communication, of weeks to months for a
letter to be delivered, the committees, without any central direction whatsoever, were remarkably
similar in tactics employed to resist government tyranny. It was, as the first American Patriots knew,
totally unnecessary for anyone to give an order for anything. Information was made available to each
committee, and each committee acted as it saw fit.
A recent example of the cell system taken from the left wing of politics are the Communists. The
Communists, in order to get around the obvious problems involved in pyramidal organization,
developed to an art the cell system. They had numerous independent cells which operated completely
isolated from one another and particularly with no knowledge of each other, but were orchestrated
together by a central headquarters. For instance, during WWII, in Washington, it is known that there
were at least six secret Communist cells operating at high levels in the United States government (plus
all the open Communists who were protected and promoted by President Roosevelt), however, only
one of the cells was rooted out and destroyed. How many more actually were operating, no one can
say for sure.
The Communist cells which operated in the U.S. until late 1991 under Soviet control could have at
their command a leader who held a social position which appeared to be very lowly. He could be,
for example, a busboy in a restaurant, but in reality a colonel or a general in the Soviet Secret
Service, the KGB. Under him could be a number of cells, and a person active in one cell would
almost never have knowledge of individuals who were active in other cells; in fact, the members of
the other cells would be supporting that cell which was under attack and ordinarily would lend very
strong support to it in many ways. This is at least part of the reason, no doubt, that whenever in the
past Communists were attacked in this country, support for them sprang up in many unexpected
The effective and efficient operation of a cell system after the Communist model is, of course,
dependent upon central direction, which means impressive organization, funding from the top, and
outside support, all of which the Communists had. Obviously, American patriots have none of these
things at the top or anywhere else, and so an effective cell organization based upon the Soviet system
of operation is impossible.
Two things become clear from the above discussion. First, that the pyramid form of organization can
be penetrated quite easily and it thus is not a sound method of organization in situations where the
government has the resources and desire to penetrate the structure, which is the situation in this
country. Secondly, that the normal qualifications for the cell structure based upon the Red model
does not exist in the U.S. for patriots. This understood, the question arises "What method is left for
those resisting state tyranny?"
The answer comes from Col. Amoss who proposed the "Phantom Cell" mode of organization which
he described as Leaderless Resistance. A system of organization that is based upon the cell
organization, but does not have any central control or direction, that is in fact almost identical to the
methods used by the committees of correspondence during the American Revolution. Utilizing the
Leaderless Resistance concept, all individuals and groups operate independently of each other, and
never report to a central head-quarters or single leader for direction or instruction, as would those
who belong to a typical pyramid organization.
At first glance, such a form of organization seems unrealistic, primarily because there appears to be
no organization. The natural question thus arises as to how are the "Phantom Cells" and individuals to
cooperate with each other when there is no inter-communication or central direction? The answer to
this question is that participants in a program of leaderless resistance through "Phantom Cell" or
individual action must know exactly what they are doing and how to do it. It becomes the
responsibility of the individual to acquire the necessary skills and information as to what is to be done.
This is by no means as impractical as it appears, because it is certainly true that in any movement all
persons involved have the same general outlook, are acquainted with the same philosophy, and
generally react to given situations in similar ways. The previous history of the committees of
correspondence during the American Revolution shows this to be true.
Since the entire purpose of leaderless resistance is to defeat state tyranny (at least in so far as this
essay is concerned), all members of phantom cells or individuals will tend to react to objective events
in the same way through usual tactics of resistance. Organs of information distribution such as
newspapers, leaflets, computers, etc., which are widely available to all, keep each person informed
of events, allowing for a planned response that will take many variations. No one need issue an order
to anyone. Those idealists truly committed to the cause of freedom will act when they feel the time is
ripe, or will take their cue from others who precede them. While it is true that much could be said
against this kind of structure as a method of resistance, it must be kept in mind that leaderless
resistance is a child of necessity. The alternatives to it have been shown to be unworkable or
impractical. Leaderless resistance has worked before in the American Revolution, and if the truly
committed put it to use themselves, it will work now.
 -0777-- -export-a-crypto-system-sig -RC4-3-lines-PERL
&Sprint pack(C,$_^=$s[($s[$x]+$s[$y])%256])}sub S{

@_date: 1998-12-19 10:50:57
@_author: Pallas Anonymous Remailer 
@_subject: How to Spot a Government Infiltrator 
How to Spot a Government Infiltrator                               by Mike Johnson
Those who have been studying the stories released to the media these days about the arrests of
various different people within the militia movement will doubtlessly have noted that government
infiltrators are usually involved. This should make people nervous. And rightly so. Our normal view of government is that the only people who should have to worry
about what the government is up to are people who are breaking the law. As the vast majority of
constitutional militia units are composed of people who are of good character and don't go around
breaking the law to begin with, they might feel that they should have little to worry about from the
government. Unfortunately that does not seem to be the case. The government appears to be going all out to
discredit the constitutional militia movement in this country. This effort on the part of the government
does include the use of government agents to infiltrate militia units and cause as many problems, hate
and discontent as they possibly can. In many instances, these government agents may not be readily
apparent as to who and what they are. Some of these people may have had extensive experience in
working undercover operations and may not make some of the more stupid mistakes. There are a variety of different roles that such government operatives may play. The first is that they
may simply act as a mole. They will do everything anybody else in the unit does, and do nothing at all
to call undue attention to themselves. However, they will relay everything that goes on within the unit
to their handlers. About the only indication a unit may have that they have been infiltrated by a mole
may be that they can't seem to be able to keep anything a secret. This type of role is the most difficult
for a unit to detect and deal with. Which is also possibly why most of the spy novels that get written
deal with various different ways to smoke out moles. While I wouldn't suggest that anybody try a
technique for which the only source of documentation is a work of fiction, it is an indication of just
how obnoxious this type of agent could be to deal with. Another role that a government agent might play may be that of a dissipator. A dissipator is one who
tries to redirect the course and energy of a unit in ways which will cause it to accomplish nothing of
any importance. They may also act so as to break a unit up by emphasizing differences,
disagreements and personality clashes between unit members. Given that the people who are
attracted to the constitutionalist militia movement usually tend to be strong willed and opinionated
people to begin with, such an agent may find that his task is somewhat easier than it might be if he
were working with other groups. Unit members should simply be encouraged not to take things
personally, be aware that there will be honest differences of opinion between the members of the unit,
and to be wary of somebody who does try to take everything personally, or set up cliques within the
unit. The final role which will be discussed is that of the agent provocateur. Such an agent infiltrates a unit
and tries to get the members of the unit to actually commit crimes, or make it look like they are
actually planning to commit crimes. One should also bear in mind that a government agent is not going
to be confined to operating within any one of the roles that have been discussed, and may likely mix
and match as they feel best. However, the role that has received the highest profile in government
operations these days is that of the agent provocateur. That is largely because the results of an
operation conducted by an agent provocateur or two make for good propaganda when the media
gets hold of it. The resultant publicity given to the arrests and the charges gets used to brand
everybody in the entire movement as a criminal. The fact that the entire thing was set up by someone
in the employ of the government isn't going to be mentioned at all by the mainstream media. For those who haven't caught on by now, your antenna should start to quiver in the presence of any
one, or especially a combination of the following behaviors/patterns demonstrated by a unit member:      (1) Wants to make bombs.
     (2) Wants to get everybody else to make bombs.
     (3) Wants people to buy/store large quantities of substances which could be used for
     explosives manufacture.
     (4) Fanatic about obtaining fully automatic weapons, without benefit of Class III
     license.
     (5) No obvious means of support, especially if they have lots of money to throw
     around.
     (6) Auto license tag changed on an irregular basis.
     (7) Encourages people to plan/do stupid things (raid armories, blow up office buildings,
     etc.)
     (8) Some groups can get auto tags run. They should be especially suspicious of
     anybody whose auto tag turns up a complete blank when run. (9) In our case, the guy
     was absolutely paranoid about his car being out of either his sight or his "wife's" sight for
     even a trivial amount of time.
     (10) Person claims to have a military background that they do not have. One individual
     claimed to be former Special Forces, but was found to be ignorant of some of the things
     that he should have known when quizzed by people who were former Special Forces.
     Depending on the level of trust that the members of your group have with each other, it
     might be a good idea to request to see the DD-214s of anybody claiming to have a
     military background.
     (11) One of your members has taken effective action to expose or block activities of
     the police or government preventing the expansion of or preservation of government
     power to control people and/or invade the privacy of the people.
     (12) One of your members (a) has an FFL; or (b) is involved in selling at gun shows; or
     (c) Is involved in promoting gun shows. Arguably the best way to deal with people who meet criteria 1-10 is simply to invite them to leave
the unit. As Starr and McCranie found out, trying to turn them in will do no good at all, so the next
best bet is to try to get them to leave. Failing that, disband unit, start again from scratch with people
you can trust after sufficient elapsed time. Given the way things are going right now, those who have
not joined up with public units may want to consider forming small closed units with just a small group
of people that they have known for a long time and that they trust. For persons in 11, and 12: Do your best to be sure the goons cannot find a pretext as that is what
they often work from. (*) Bill Albert of the Michigan Militia contributed to the list of items to look for and the discussion
which follows it.  -0777-- -export-a-crypto-system-sig -RC4-3-lines-PERL
&Sprint pack(C,$_^=$s[($s[$x]+$s[$y])%256])}sub S{

@_date: 1998-12-24 15:56:06
@_author: Pallas Anonymous Remailer 
@_subject: bug recipes 
The only Mils vaccinated are the ones going into saudi and bosnia and other High-threat area's. They will not be fully vac'ed for another 3-5 years. As far as smallpox...I'd just as soon that shit NEVER get dug up. I somehow doubt a skeleton could harbor usable smallpox but I am not up on my biology tonight.
 --Skrill

@_date: 1998-12-26 21:12:06
@_author: Pallas Anonymous Remailer 
@_subject: Y2K OFFICIALS CONVENE, CONFESS 
Attendees of a meeting convened by the United Nations confirmed that while
central banking and telecommunications systems in many countries are making
progress toward Y2K compliance, many other necessary systems still need
help.  Those include electrical power systems, global shipping systems, the
linkages between telecommunications systems, and SWIFT, a system for
exchanging financial information.  The U.N. meeting was the first time top
Y2K officials were brought together.  "One of the goals of this meeting is
to identify the senior executives who are dealing with the problem," says
the chairman of the U.S. President's Council on Year 2000 Conversion.  "We
want the delegates to go home with a knowledge of faces and with agreements
on going forward.  We don't have time to go through normal diplomatic
channels."  More than 100 officials attended the meeting.  (TechWeb 14 Dec
 -0777-- -export-a-crypto-system-sig -RC4-3-lines-PERL
&Sprint pack(C,$_^=$s[($s[$x]+$s[$y])%256])}sub S{

@_date: 1998-12-30 09:56:05
@_author: Pallas Anonymous Remailer 
@_subject: STUDENTS WEB SITE COVERED BY THE RIGHT OF FREE SPEECH 
A federal judge has ruled against the school district of a Missouri high
school student suspended because he and his sister posted a personal Web
page using vulgar language to criticize the school's official Web site.
U.S. District Court Judge Rodney Sippel has issued a preliminary injunction
barring the school district from suspending the student, punishing him, or
restricting his ability to post his personal home page. Sippel's opinion
asserts:  "Dislike or being upset by the content of a student's speech is
not an acceptable justification for limiting student speech."  (AP 28 Dec 98)

@_date: 1998-10-14 04:29:03
@_author: Pallas Anonymous Remailer 
@_subject: The Value of Anonymous Remailers vs. Abuse Complaints and Abusive Comp 
fa161f121ec06c2dd5b366ff7460fb12 at anonymous.poster>
The idea to get across is that that information is not available.
The snail mail services in various countries allow anonymous mail,
after all, so why should e-mail be any different?  People can
deposit mail in public mailboxes with no return address on the
envelope.  People can call from payphones and not have the call
traceable back to them.  People should also be educated that a From:
address, even when attached, cannot be relied upon for accuracy.  At
least anonymous e-mail lets the recipient know, in advance, that the
sender wishes to conceal his/her true identity.
Even "trash" is valuable as cover traffic to thwart traffic
analysis, especially in the Mixmaster world where packets are
intended to be virtually indistinguishable.  Once remailer-operators
get involved in value judgements as to which anonymous e-mail
transactions have redeeming social value, we have sown the seeds of
censorship.  We empower the Gary Burnores of the world to censor by
intimidation when content neutrality is not maintained.
For example, if a certain signal to noise ratio were to be used as a
criteria for the validity of the remailer net, then a self-destruct
device has just been built into it.  An attacker need only inject
enough noise to exceed the threshold and bring the network down.
Consider the episode last year with Gary Burnore and DataBasix vs.
Jeff Burchell and his Mailmasher and Huge Cajones machines.
Made-to-order abuse appeared right on cue to reinforce the claims
that Burnore and his girlfriend Belinda Bryan had made.  And now
we've learned the real truth behind the whole episode.  While Gary
Burnore was living with another girlfriend in Santa Clara, CA, he
was also molesting her teenaged daughter.  An anonymous
whistleblower attempted to warn the girl's mother as well as her
school officials by anonymous e-mail.  Burnore went ballistic and
falsely claimed "harassment".  But the whistleblower was ultimately
vindicated when Burnore pled guilty to the molestation charge, was
placed on probation, and was required to register as a sex offender.
Unable to silence the whistleblower, Burnore began a campaign of
harassment against the operators of the remailers that were being
used to expose him.  IOW, if you can't refute the message, shoot the
messenger.  And if you can't shoot the messenger, attempt to disable
his means of communication (the remailers net).
I recounted this case history, which can be researched in various
usenet archives by anyone interested, just to demonstrate that one
man's "harassment" can well be another man's investigative
journalism, even if the journalist or whistleblower is not in a
position to expose him/herself to retaliation by the wrongdoer,
which has been (coincidentally?) reported by virtually anyone who
has dared to challenge Gary Burnore publicly.

@_date: 1998-10-17 01:22:13
@_author: Pallas Anonymous Remailer 
@_subject: wtf... 
Please let me know as soon as you post amything!!!

@_date: 1998-10-23 23:39:13
@_author: Pallas Anonymous Remailer 
@_subject: Is Your Web Site A Secret? 
I notice dorkslayers isn't on your list. I think you should add it.

@_date: 1998-10-24 16:07:21
@_author: Pallas Anonymous Remailer 
@_subject: Big Brother Netscape 
Netscape's "what's related" is a backdoor for Netscape to monitor your surfing.
--forwarded text---------------------------------------------------------
Starting with version 4.06, the Netscape browser has a new "What's
Related?" button next to the Location: field. After having tried it
in the new 4.5, I am more than a little worried by the functionality
behind it.
Briefly, the user clicks on this button, and is presented with a
list of sites which are hopefully related to the page currently
on display, plus some ads for Netscape.
As far as I have been able to deduce (helped by a packet sniffer), this
works by opening a HTTP connection to www-rl.netscape.com and making a
query modelled on this template: GET /wtgn?CurrentURL/ HTTP/1.0, where
CurrentUrl is the URL of the page currently displayed.  The server
responds with a list of URLs it believe to be related. There are four
modes for this function, settable through preferences->navigator->smart
    - "Always" The browser always downloads the list of 'related'
      URLS, beginning while the page in question is loading.
    - "Never" The browser starts downloading the list of 'related'
      URLS when the user clicks on the 'What's related?' button.
    - "After first use" Automatically fetches the URL list for
      a page if the user has ever clicked the button for that
      page.
    - Completely disabled.
The default setting is "Always". So, the unsuspecting user who upgrades
to the latest Netscape will automatically and unknowingly begin sending
out a detailed log of pages viewed.
Netscapes privacy statement notwithstanding, I don't like the fact that
anyone is able to compile a list of every single web page I visit. I
don't like the fact that someone with a sniffer anywhere on the path
from here to netscape.com is able to do so either.  And the company I
work for is not too thrilled about the name of every single document on
our internal, not-for-public-viewing web server leaking out on the Net,
once our users begin installing this release on their PCs.
I would like to control this "feature" globally for my LAN, but as far
as I can see, there are only two ways of doing it: Fascist control of
Netscape preferences settings on every PC on my LAN, or block
www-rl.netscape.com in the firewall.
  ----------------------------------------------------------------------
        Flemming S. Johansen
        fsj at terma.com

@_date: 1998-10-31 06:57:10
@_author: Pallas Anonymous Remailer 
@_subject: Orwell 
Some US ISP's were seized in a cyberporn bust.
Dreamscape's statement at:
Buffnet's at:
Vacco's at:
All three worth reading. This could be a big story. The theory against
the ISPs (not that they've been charged with a crime) is that they
knowingly carried the newsgroups:
This has broader application -- alt.binaries.warez.*,
alt.binaries.sounds.mp3, etc.
Is any ISP which carries suspect newsgroups at risk of having its equiptment seized, and who draws up the blacklist of Or worse, is there no public blacklist at all -- just the
hovering fear of an up-for-reelection AG swooping down. And when
do naughty pictures start showing up in alt.fan.disney? And
what's the AG's move then?

@_date: 1998-09-19 18:40:15
@_author: Pallas Anonymous Remailer 
@_subject: A personal response to your email to sixdegrees 
BW1015  DEC 05,1997       4:06  PACIFIC      07:06  EASTERN
( BW)(PROFILE/MACROVIEW-COMM) Corporate Profile for Macroview Communications
Corp., dated Dec. 5, 1997
    Business Editors
    NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Dec. 5, 1997--The following Corporate Profile is available for inclusion in your files.
News releases for this client are distributed by Business Wire and also become part of the leading databases and online
services, including all of the leading Internet-based services.
Published Date:   December 5, 1997                                            Company Name:     MacroView Communications Corp/sixdegrees                                                             Address:          90 William Street, 3rd Floor                                                                                           New York, N.Y. 10038                                                                                 Main Telephone
 Number:          212-583-1234                                                           Internet Home
 Page Address
  (URL):          Chief Executive                                                                Officer:         Andrew Weinreich                                                           Investor Relations                                                             Contact:         Shoshana Zilberberg
 Business number: 212-583-1234 X628                                                            Public Relations                                                               Contact:         Shoshana Zilberberg                                                               Business number: 212-583-1234 X628                                                              Industry:         Internet/WWW                                                               Company description: MacroView Communications Corp., developer of sixdegrees, is in the business of creating
Web-based products which help individuals build their own virtual communities based on their personal and professional
relationships. sixdegrees, located on the Web at  allows members to uncover the power of their
greatest natural resource - the people they know.
    Inspired by the theory that every person in the world is connected to every other person through a path of no more than six
relationships, sixdegrees offers several proprietary applications, all of which help members leverage their own trusted network
of contacts. Since its launch in January of 1997, sixdegrees members have been able to make new contacts quickly and easily,
gain valuable help and information and communicate directly with their own growing virtual community, all within the confines
of the sixdegrees property. As of December 1997, there were over 250,000 sixdegrees members who had listed over
930,000 contacts in the sixdegrees database.     --30--cvw/ny*
   CONTACT:  Macroview Communications Corp.
             Shoshana Zilberberg
             Director of Marketing & Communciations
             shoshana at sixdegrees.com
   KEYWORD:  NEW YORK
   INDUSTRY KEYWORD:  COMPUTERS/ELECTRONICS COMED    PROFILE:  YES
   URL:
