
@_date: 1997-08-27 00:06:35
@_author: Attila T. Hun 
@_subject: H/W v S/W encryption Constitutional challenge --The Next Generation 
"Experience keeps a dear school, but fools will learn in no other."             --Benjamin Franklin
    IM[NSH]O, we need a test case that _differentiates_ between     hardware encryption engines and _software_for_encryption (not to be     confused with firmware).  Patel rendered an important decision, but
    she refrained from establishing national jurisdiction; our only hope
    in this instance is further citations as to relevance.
    If it can be established, by extension of Patel's ruling that     software is _always_ protected under the First Amendment (despite     our government's well established track record of trying to kill     free speech, or at least ignore it), the mere fact that it runs on a
    hardware engine --any engine, should be irrelevant.  Carrying the
    argument to its absurd extreme, should we ban gasoline since it     powers automobiles?  --or even ban the publication of information on
    refueling an automobile?  when confronted by fools {Clinton, et al],
    one must emphasize the absurdity, even inanity, of their
    foolishness.  The whole argument must be expressed in terms which
    Judge Marilyn Patel found endearing.
    write the encryption software in Java which is [generally] a
    platform independent and portable human readable language. Perl, for
    instance the 3 line RSA algorithm for DC, is not exactly readable.
    Why not construct an SBC with extended memory, small hard disk, an     O/S which supports Java, and I/O means  --then, apply for an export
    permit for the hardware, the Java encryption/decryption software,     and the combined unit?
    If the burrowcrats at Commerce respond in typical fashion, file in
    SF Federal Court; if they procrastinate and obfuscate to avoid the
    inevitable, file in SF to pry it out of their grubby hands and get
    on with it.
    The criminals in Congress always pass the right way in public, then     hose us over with manager's marks and all that falderol in
    reconciliation, justifying their position that they have given the
    Congress a choice [between good and evil? --no, between worse and
    worst].      Therefore, let's present the Court with the two [or three] part
    challenge --and make sure the hardware, the combined hardware and     software, and the software alone, are distinct claims so that even     if the justices choose to classify the hardware/software "package"
    as a munition, the standalone software will fall under Patel's
    ruling (more like guidance).  The Feds will look pretty stupid
    ruling a general purpose Java enabled SBC black box a munition....
    let's go get the bastards using their own techniques. TAKE THE WAR     HOME TO THEM, on their own turf!
    until Bernstein, all of our actions have been essentially defensive
    (Junger non-withstanding).  Issues must be reduced to the lowest
    common denominator --let's teach that class of misfits, the ship of     fools.
 ______________________________________________________________________
 "attila" 1024/C20B6905/23 D0 FA 7F 6A 8F 60 66 BC AF AE 56 98 C0 D7 B0 on or about 970826:1008     John Young  expostulated:
+>I think that's about right. One of the important questions was how broadly
+>Patel would rule, whether her ruling would apply just to Bernstein &
+>associates or whether she would enjoin the government from enforcing
+>ITAR/EAR at all.
+>Unfortunately, she chose the former. But look on the bright side: her
+>narrow decision may be less likely to be reversed, no?
+Does this not shift now to Peter Junger's suit: same issues, broader
+challenge, same opposing arguments? Did Patel rule narrowly in
+Bernstein to set the stage for the broader case in the works?
+BTW, is there a suit being readied to follow Peter's? Karn II? PRZ 6.0?
+What say, Peter, Lee, Cindy, Phil, Phil, Anthony et al?

@_date: 1997-08-30 02:49:54
@_author: Attila T. Hun 
@_subject: H/W v S/W encryption Constitutional challenge --The Next Generation 
on or about 970828:2005     Bill Stewart  expostulated:
+>    IM[NSH]O, we need a test case that _differentiates_ between +>    hardware encryption engines and _software_for_encryption (not to be +>    confused with firmware).  Patel rendered an important decision, but
+>    she refrained from establishing national jurisdiction; our only hope
+>    in this instance is further citations as to relevance.
+I disagree.  We'd lose, and setting bad precedent is worse than none or
+weak precedents.  The important conclusion Judge Patel drew was that
+source code is clearly speech (yay!  and blatantly obvious, as well :-)
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
    Bill:      I think you missed my point --or I failed to express it coherently.
    yes, the government does have a strong case with hardware     --particulary dedicated hardware, and that was my point!
    what I think is an effective stratagem is to use a test vehicle
    which clearly demonstrates the difference --eg the generic     black box which can do anything else as well.
    As soon as you get into focused boxes --eg the ASIC you mention,
    then the government has an argument.  I'm looking at a routine
    "boot sector virus" (DOS) -not even the "pretty program loader"
    (Windows) box.  the object is to proof the absurdity of the
    whole issue --the computer just reads the natural language, freedom     of speech, program.
    likewise, you can not have any of the functions in firmware for the
    test case, despite the fact the process would be faster --that
    would be another test case to extend the principal.
    I did suggest the source code must absolutely be written in
    a language which is understandable --good clean ANSI C, for     instance.
    your suggestion of an interpretive language is a good idea if it
    creates an easily understood body of code.  perl?  powerful, but
    even more cryptic than C --sometimes I think perl is too powerful     .
    I will not fault your suggestion for more code test cases --however,
    the real trick is to get Bernstein moving through the ninth circuit     and onto the Supreme Court --it only takes one and if the SC     reaffirms Judge Patel's statement on source code freedom of speech     and prior restraint, we're home free on that issue.
    What I am concerned will happen is that the feds may be forced to     give up prosecuting professors who teach encryption (free speech and     prior restraint), and may be unable to prevent Phil Z from     publishing the code in book form, etc. but will then try to claim     that all encryption needs to be attached to hardware --this is where     the generic argument comes in --they would in effect be required to         ban computers --all computers.
    actually, with the push for universal JAVA, write the algorithm in     JAVA...
    the only other alternative is massive civil disobedience, something     I suspect many of us are quite familiar with; approaching 60, I
    think I'll pass on any repeats of dogs and water cannons.
        attila
    "Experience keeps a dear school, but fools will learn in no other."             --Benjamin Franklin
 ______________________________________________________________________
 "attila" 1024/C20B6905/23 D0 FA 7F 6A 8F 60 66 BC AF AE 56 98 C0 D7 B0 +The next obvious directions to go, after we win the appeal, are to
+solidify the judgement with more source code +(and deal with the fact that they'll keep changing the regulations), +especially if we can do a source code in an interpreted language like
+perl, and then maybe go after binary code as speech.
+We'll also need to do something about the Karn case,
+since the difference between source code on paper and +source code on a floppy is obviously not a legitimate one.
+If you do hardware, they'll say "Hardware isn't speech, it's stuff, and
+exporting stuff is commerce, and we can regulate commerce and exports",
+and they'll be right constitutionally if not morally.
+Exporting the detailed plans for encryption hardware might be fun,
+especially if the hardware is very generic (say, a speech card for a
+Nintendoid with some crypto firmware for the Nintendoid's CPU,  or a
+cellphone-modem with crypto pumpware.)
+About the only Real Hardware I can see having a chance is
+some sort of ASIC-based device like a pocket organizer or cashcard that
+does encryption as an incidental part of some other function, such as
+an authentication protocol.  But if it's a cash card, the rules have
+been flexible enough to handle permits for  banking-only devices, and
+you don't get an interesting Constitutional case about being wrongly
+denied an export permit when they give you a permit, or at least give
+out permits for functionally similar products.
+I suppose there'd be some hack value in exporting a smart-cellphone
+with downloadable firmware/javaware (e.g. for multiple language
+support) with all the right export permits, and then releasing the
+crypto code  from replay or kremvax or  , and using it
+as precedent for your application for exporting the crypto-equipped
+#			Thanks;  Bill
+# Bill Stewart, +1-415-442-2215 stewarts at ix.netcom.com
+# You can get PGP outside the US at ftp.ox.ac.uk/pub/crypto/pgp #   (If
+this is a mailing list or news, please Cc: me on replies.  Thanks.)

@_date: 1997-12-09 02:38:31
@_author: Attila T. Hun 
@_subject: NA/McAfee pulls out of KRAP (Re: One for the Good Guys) 
as I heard the story, NA was not really aware they were in KRAP; seems
    like a marketing type (no brains as first requirement) signed them
    up at the inception --however, they never made formal signed application;       and, they never paid their dues. rest as follows....  and it does not
    make me trust PGP 5+ anymore than I ever did. PGP 5.5 may not endorse
    KRAP and he rest of that nonsense, but it sure has the hooks for it.
        attila
on or about 971207:1245, in <199712071245.MAA01821 at server.test.net>,     Adam Back  was purported to have     expostulated to perpetuate an opinion:

@_date: 1997-12-11 19:56:30
@_author: Attila T. Hun 
@_subject: A new first for Reno/Justice! Encryption not even on the agenda! 
December 11, 1997, NYTimes: Reno Says Plan Will "Match Wits"
With Technological Criminals By JERI CLAUSING
    on the agenda! absolutely unreal --of course, being
    cynical at heart (and having watched the snakes and
    other assorted vermin inside the Beltway, encryption
    control will be back...
WASHINGTON Justice officials from the world's largest
industrial countries met here on Wednesday to draft an
international plan that Attorney General Janet Reno said was
designed to catch cybercriminals and ensure no safe haven
exists for them.
... "Today is an important day in fighting computer crime,
and in laying the groundwork for the next century of crime
fighting,"  ... cover the following principles:
1.  Ensuring that a sufficient number of trained and     equipped law enforcement personnel are enlisted to fight
    high-tech crime.
2.  Creating contacts available on a 24-hour basis to allow
    countries to move quickly in tracking down computer
    criminals.
3.  Developing faster ways to trace attacks on computer
    networks and identify hackers.
4.  Carrying out a criminal prosecution in the country a
    suspect flees to, if extradition is impossible.
5.  Taking steps to preserve important information on     computer networks to help prevent tampering.
6.  Reviewing the respective legal systems in each nation to
    make sure there are appropriate crimes for computer
    wrongdoing and to make it easier to investigate the     crimes.
7.  Working with the industry to come up with new ways to
    detect and prevent computer crimes.
8.  Stepping up efforts to use new technologies, such as
    so-called video links, which would allow obtaining     testimony from witnesses in other countries.
...  Reno said the contentious topic of encryption
regulation was not a focus of the meeting.  ..."We were here
to discuss a framework," she said.  "Encryption was not a
topic.  Although it was alluded to, it generally was not a
Asked what the biggest dangers are from technological
criminals, Reno gave the example of a hacker who can "sit in
his room in Washington, D.C., and steal from a bank in
another country," or sabotage the computer networks of
companies or governments anywhere in the world.

@_date: 1997-12-12 04:25:02
@_author: Attila T. Hun 
@_subject: A new first for Reno/Justice! Encryption not even on the agenda! 
firsts never mean much except that in this case, the
    conference could address other issues instead of     spending the total conference arguing the fallacies
    of encryption policies, or as you aptly stated:
       But she clearly intends to do
       more than collaborate: The
       joint principles call for the
       government "to continue
       providing the public and private
       sectors with standards for
       reliable and secure
       telecommunications and data
       processing technologies." Like
       the Clipper Chip, maybe? --By
       Declan McCullagh/Washington    or as I put in an earlier rant:
       is it not odd that the more the government tries to        abridge our free speech rights, the more they want to        confiscate our weapons?     encryption is a [modern*] weapon against government intrusion
   and tyranny.
       * modern in the sense of availability easily to the masses.
   BTW: today's Doonesbury is timeless. Coach (nee Captain) has         not lost it... attached for a limited use to a limited
        (no pun intended) audience under fair use -thanjs Gary.
   attila out...  one more time for justice in our lifetime

@_date: 1997-12-15 14:10:49
@_author: Attila T. Hun 
@_subject: Bell sentencing 
the charges of intimidating an IRS agent are felonies
    the stinkbomb charge in a federal building is a felony
    the tax evasion charges are felonies
    virtually all federal felonies start with 5 years and
    increase from there. federal misdemeanors have a sentence     limitation of 1 year less 1 day.
    under the sentencing guidelines, it is difficult for the
    judge to hand down less than the specified guideline unless
    a deal has been cut --big time, I would say in this case.
    the prosecutor and public defender agreed on one year, but
    probation and parole asked for two years -therefore the     plea bargained charge was a felony.
    secondly, the Feds almost always file the charge itself,     plus a separate charge of conspiracy (even if they do call
    the rest of the conspirators "unknown") which carries the
    same time as the act of commission.  you can rack up some
    serious time with Fed charges which do not seem like much
    until they multiple count the indictment and add conspiracy.
    given the exposure of this case, etc. there was a deal cut
    someplace.
    frankly, I would rather do 3 years inside instead of "highly
    supervised" tail --some asshole social worker cum parole
    officer that can literally tell you when you can shit; if he
    tells you to start polishing the apple, you best be getting
    on your knees and get on with it.  you have more rights in
    federal prison than you do with a PO and his inferiority
    or dogooder complex --either way, you are his victim.
    personally, I think Bell was lucky --or he rolled over and
    the fruits of his loose tongue will start new lives for new
    political prisoners of the U.S. gestapo. I'll put my money
    on the rollover.  too many unanswered questions; books
    returned marked "not a prisoner"; writing a letter
    acknowledging he was a "bad person"; and all that good     stuff.
    Bell just snitched out; he doesn't look like the type that
    would do well under pressure. maybe a lot of bark, but no
    bite to tell the man to fuck off.

@_date: 1997-12-15 15:52:48
@_author: Attila T. Hun 
@_subject: M$: an about face for NYTimes editorial policy 
prior to the decision, the NYT was acting almost like
    an apologist for M$; now they are placing the onus on
    M$: "It is in the public interest that Microsoft be
    required to show that its practices are not     anticompetitive."
    should make life interesting; now that M$' momentum
    has been nicked, everybody will join in the great
    Muslim tradition of stoning Bill Gate$ to death.
    Gate$ predicted a year or so ago that M$ would
    suffer a near-death experience --well, BadBillyG,
    is the handwriting on your wall?
        you can fool all the people some of the time,
        you can fool some of the people all the time,
        you can not fool all the people all the time.
            who said that?
December 15, 1997
NYTimes Editorial / editorial policy statement
Saying No to Microsoft
A preliminary injunction ...
...  is a smart step that preserves the competitive status
quo while the court reviews the antitrust suit brought by
the Justice Department in October.
The injunction is needed, Judge Jackson pointedly wrote,
because the probability that Microsoft will, through its
licensing practices, reinforce its operating system monopoly
and acquire yet another monopoly in the Internet browser
market "is simply too great to tolerate indefinitely until
the issue is finally resolved." ...
...Judge Jackson said Microsoft's idea of what is
"integrated" would appear to render the consent decree
provision meaningless.  If Internet Explorer can be turned
into a Windows component under the decree, so might other
Microsoft products like Word and Excel.
    decision:
...It is in the public interest that Microsoft be required
to show that its practices are not anticompetitive.

@_date: 1997-12-16 10:01:09
@_author: Attila T. Hun 
@_subject: Redmond to Judge [Expletive Deleted] 
hot off the wire an hour ago!         Redmond to Judge - [Expletive Deleted]
    well, I would expect nothing less than "Fuck You"
    from Micro$lop --they consider themselves above the
    law. give Jackson credit for realizing the greater
    scope of the problem, and for appointing the special
    master.
    M$' attitude in and of itself is prima facie evidence
    of theit market intent --including tossing out the     option that OEMs will still be able to but the     _original_ version of W95 if they elect not to take IE4.
   damn white of them boys up there...
Analysis:  Redmond to Judge - [Expletive Deleted]
by Kaitlin Quistgaard and Dan Brekke
4:20pm 15.Dec.97.PST
It took two of Microsoft's biggest guns more than 60 minutes
to utter a reply to US District Court Judge Thomas Penfield
Jackson that most of us sum up in two hard syllables.  The
second of which is "you."
For daring to draw a line last week and forbidding the
company to cross for the time being, Jackson was treated to
a marathon rebuke from Brad Chase, Microsoft's vice
president of Internet marketing, and William Neukom, senior
vice president for law and corporate affairs.  Chase made it clear that neither Jackson nor anyone else
would keep Microsoft from readying its planned spring
release of Windows 98 - in which Internet Explorer 4.0 and
the Windows desktop are inextricably bound.
Neukom did mention one other alternative that actually
merits the name, and one that government the company finds
itself at war with might actually recognize as viable:
Manufacturers could, he said, install a Netscape browser on
their Windows/IE machines.
monopoly and fuck the public interest --it's my way, or
no way!

@_date: 1997-12-17 05:16:52
@_author: Attila T. Hun 
@_subject: Could you please PGP sign this MD5 sum? 
despite the fact you are not telling us for what reason you want this
    signed (there will be a copy on  anyway), I'll     sign it for you with my 512 "signature key " which     can be recovered from the MIT keyserver (or anybody else who tracks     them) or directly from   --the key
    is also appended outside the signature block.
on or about 971216:0220, in <199712160820.CAA19094 at manifold.algebra.com>,     ichudov at algebra.com (Igor Chudov @ home) was purported to have     expostulated to perpetuate an opinion:
Type Bits/KeyID    Date       User ID
pub   512/93EAEEB5 1997/10/18 signature key -----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.6.3i
Comment: No safety this side of the grave. Never was; never will be
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----

@_date: 1997-12-17 15:08:36
@_author: Attila T. Hun 
@_subject: Challenge to Toto [was: It's Sunday] 
on or about 971207:0948, in <348AC569.5793 at dev.null>,     TruthMonger  was purported to have     expostulated to perpetuate an opinion:
 [snip the beer, etc.]
    well, let's call for cards on the table. I have Toto's
    Fantasy Island dream world all set to go. all it needs is
    this picture to substitute for the hardcore I found by
    trying Alta Vista's family search with 'fuckin porn'
    --everything nicely bound in scrapbook form, etc.
            access toto's Fantasy Island "dream come true" via the
    yellow circle with 'toto' in the left sidebar next to
    another surprise with an automatic window and jump. touch
    old cigar face robber baron and you'll find some of my Gate$
    rants; other rants off the topbar.
    if nothing else, enjoy the feelthie pictures and wait for
    toto to answer the challenge so I can replace the pictures
    in the stock dream with the real thing.  the old goose is
    waiting to fly you out to the unctious pair.
    well, how about it, toto? --cough the pics up!
    we're all anxious to see your conquest.
    fight censorship, feelthie pictures and all.

@_date: 1997-12-22 01:19:46
@_author: Attila T. Hun 
@_subject: Making them eat their words... (while they watch!) 
mistake  dont piss off a federal judge --let alone     try to show that he is ignorant.
    this is my one big fear: the DOJ will accept a plea
    bargain like they did last time and it will be back
    to business as usual for M$ --and they will be back in
    court within a year having gained even more horizontal
    and vertical control of the entire communications
    and information industries --and claiming again that
    they are misunderstood --and complying with the order,     etc.
    there is only one solution to organizations like M$     which are operated without ethics: treat them to the
    pleasures of not only the antitrust laws but the     exquisite delights of RICO.
    M$ is a cancer; it has fully metasticized and is gorging       itself at the banquet of the vanquished.
    if the legal juggernaut keeps building momentum at the     current rate, there will hopefully be no alternative to
    carry the investigation to its culmination after the
    report of the special master in May.     the appointment of the special master was a clear     indication that the judge wishes to get at the bottom
    of the tank and examine the underpinnings and     motivations of M$ total modus operandi --yes, and M$ is
    crying foul that the judge is going past the original     complaint of the DOJ --but, despite M$' claims, the
    judge is giving M$ time to be heard --six months.
    seems to me Jackson inherited the case from Royce     Lamberth who was overruled and removed by the appeal     court when he refused to OK the DOJ settlement in     question. Gary Reback had a hand in educating Lambert
    to the dangers of M$.  Is Reback representing anyone     in the case before Jackson as an intervener or in an     amicus curiae brief?
    Lambert's at it again --taking the government head on
    over Hillary's obfuscation over her health care
    committee--
        "The White House and lawyers defending first lady         Hillary Rodham Clinton lied in an effort to keep
        internal working papers used to develop President
        Clinton's universal health care plan in 1993 secret,
        a federal judge said Thursday.
        "Using blunt language in a written order, U.S.         District Judge Royce C. Lamberth also accused
        administration officials at "the highest levels of
        government" of engaging in a "cover-up" and
        pressuring the Justice Department to defend its         "dishonest" actions."
    anyway, just think where M$ would be with Royce today!
    Gate$ and Ballmer might be down at the local MCC for a
    few free 3 hots and a cot, all expenses paid, "enjoying"
    a well earned vacation from screwing all of us.
    Other than the usual ills of a monopoly, what really     irks anyone with a modicum of intelligence is that Gate$        intends to migrate the entire package for the benefit of
    the couch potatoes; Gate$ intends to dictate not only
    what we use to view his trash, but that only his trash
    is splashed.
    so? M$ can fill any hard disk --the more powerful the
    computer, the more energy the pretty program loader on
    a boot sector virus base requires. what's a few spare
    bytes here and there?  So, Mr. Smith, just tell us what
    files are useless and we'll delete them too.
    well, maybe we can just "slice and dice it" right out     the market place. his arguments are pure mumbo jumbo for
    the unwashed --or, more of Gate$' usual arrogance.
 >     well, of course, you can not pull a web download if you
    remove the browser...  but you can get it with ftp,     rz, or standard mail via your ISP (if Netscape wants to
    make it available that way).  more blowing of smoke as
    usual. M$ would like us to believe that removing
    Explorer means that PPP, etc. plus basic net utilities
    must be removed as well. the browser is not the only
    program that uses the PPP or wired connection.
    whether or not the judge just removed the icon or not
    becomes irrelevant rather quickly...  the point is that
    he took the trouble to look at the issue after the DOJ
    came in complaining that M$ was giving him the freeway
    salute (both hands off the wheel, too).     Secondly, a judge is not prohibited from reading news
    analysis of the technical issues involved --particularly
    since the news articles are reflecting the complaints of
    the competition which has been injured by M$' actions,
    and the user groups who are complaining about all of M$'
    competition being literally expunged from the
    marketplace by M$' predatory actions. all of the news
    material is clearly relevant in an antitrust action.
    Even the NYTimes stated in an editorial M$ was defying
    the judges order and mocking the whole process.
    yes, I would say they are serious, and paying close to     $300 per hour for his time --but only half his usual     rate.
    keep in mind that his fee is just the tip of the iceberg
    --consider the enormous staff the man will require just
    to paw through and analyze the mountains of information
    on both sides plus the obvious tactic of burying the     case in even more mounds of paperwork from M$' legal
    flunkies, which probably number between 200 and 500 full
    blown lawyers culled from most of the prestigious firms
    in the US. then add support staff, researchers, clerks,     etc....
    I doubt Boies will use that many DOJ staff attorneys
    --lack of performance as the good ones leave after the
    initial intern experience for the extra bucks in private     firms on the other side of the table.  only the lazy and
    incompetent hang around the DOJ for a career.
    she had every reason to be jubilant --so far. even if
    the judge did not fully understand the technological
    bullshit M$ was trying to slide on by, the judge fully     understands that M$ was trying to blind pitch him --and
    insulting him to boot.
    M$' freeway saluting of the judge may have changed the
    destiny of M$ by that very action. Gate$ pulled his
    usual arrogance out of his ass and slapped it on the
    table presuming everybody knew he was the smartest kid
    on the block --and his shit did not stink.
    yes, down almost 20 points since their fiasco with the      DOJ started. before it's over, I hope to see M$ listed
    with the junk bonds and issues --in the penny stocks.

@_date: 1997-12-22 01:21:44
@_author: Attila T. Hun 
@_subject: Hee Haw! DOJ hires big bad dog for M$ kill! 
Hee Haw! DOJ hires big bad dog for M$ kill!
            "The Justice Department has hired New York superlawyer         David Boies to help the government win its antitrust         case against Microsoft Corp,         "...the government's decision to hire Boies signaled its
        determination to win its case...."
            Reuters December 19, 1997 7:30 AM PS
    Sic 'Em. Rover!
    now that is fair use! [double your bubble, too]

@_date: 1997-12-22 01:21:44
@_author: Attila T. Hun 
@_subject: fuckin' M$ blowing smoke blown 
this is more than fair use, but worth the read --and I am too lazy
    and short of time this morning to condense it.
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Microsoft claim debunked!  By Michael Caton December 18, 1997 5:54 PM PST PC Week Online
When Ronald Reagan's facts were in contradiction with
reality, he would later claim that he "misspoke."  Microsoft
Corp.  misspoke this week when it asserted that Internet
Explorer cannot be removed from Windows 95.
In a letter to the U.S.  Department of Justice and in press
releases issued this week, Microsoft officials said IE 3.0
is an integrated component of the Windows 95 operating
system, as shipped in OSR (OEM Service Release) version 2.
They further asserted that the removal of certain IE DLLs
from OSR 2 would render the operating system unbootable.
PC Week Labs' tests have shown that this is not the case.
Using copies of OSR 2 CDs provided with OEM PCs, we merely
modified four lines in one of the Windows 95 setup files to
prevent IE 3.0 from installing.  This modification had no
impact on the operating system's capabilities or
performance.  Instead of the install script overwriting
Windows 95 DLLs with files from IE 3.0, the original Windows
95 DLLs remained intact.
Moreover, significant OSR 2 features, like the FAT32 file
system, remained intact using our modified install program.
Microsoft would likely disagree, but our experience with
Windows 95 and recent tests of Windows 98 show that the
operating systems are much better suited for corporate
deployment without the browser.
Removing IE 4.0 from Windows 98 in particular eliminates the
very features that will incur the most costs in a corporate
setting:  Active Desktop, channels and the Web-based Windows
System Update.
The Active Desktop user interface, for example, differs
significantly from Windows 95 and will require considerable
user retraining.  If Microsoft prevails and includes IE 4.0
with the shipping version of Windows 98, it is easy enough
to disable Active Desktop using either administration tools
or by modifying the user interface directly.  The end result
will be the same user interface as Windows 95.
With their current focus on entertainment, the channels
feature afforded by IE 4.0 in Windows 98 likewise is not
ready for corporate prime time.
System Update--which uses ActiveX controls to scan a Windows
98 system to determine if it has out-of-date software and
drivers-is compelling in consumer applications but will be a
poor match in a corporate setting.  A better solution than
users upgrading their own systems when they see fit would be
to push the updates to all applicable clients at once, so
that software versions are consistent across large numbers
of clients.

@_date: 1997-12-22 01:31:57
@_author: Attila T. Hun 
@_subject: true in the near term: "Why M$ has won" (I@week) 
in the near term. frankly, the sooner he does it, the
    better off we will be --this needs to be done before
    the special master makes his recommendations in May and
    Gate$' actions will hopefully incense enough people that
    they will ask for his head on a platter. --the issue in
    my mind is that the wheels of justice turn too slowly.
Why Bill Gates won
By Tom Steinert-Threlkeld
December 12, 1997 5:11 PM PST
Inter at ctive Week Online
Netscape Communications Corp.'s stock finished up 6 percent
Friday and Microsoft Corp.'s fell 1.7 percent.
While still early in the game, it may be that Netscape's
shareholders are applauding U.S.  District Court Judge
Thomas Penfield Jackson too soon.  In the meantime,
Microsoft's owners may be the ones that should be shaking
his hand.
Best as these eyes can tell, nothing in the 19-page ruling
issued late Thursday says Microsoft can't bundle its
Internet Explorer browser with its Windows operating system.
Nor does anything in the ruling say Microsoft can't
integrate its browser into its operating system.
Instead, it says it can't use licensing tactics to achieve a
dominance in browsers.
"Whether or not the government has correctly defined
Microsoft's intentions, the probability that Microsoft will
not only continue to reinforce its operating system monopoly
by its licensing practices, but might also acquire yet
another monopoly in the Internet browser market, is simply
too great to tolerate indefinitely until the issue is
finally resolved."
So, it can't coerce computer makers to license the IE
browser as a condition of licensing the Windows operating
system, forcing them to install both onto the machines they
sell to the public.
If "licensing practices'' turns out to be the crux of all
this, big deal.  That simply gives Jim Barksdale and his
jubilant troops a few months in which to try and work new
deals with computer makers before Microsoft gets really
After all, what Judge Jackson has done is given Microsoft a
better view of the playing field before it.  It clearly will
not be able to argue effectively that a product that it also
sells as a stand-alone product to PC users can be considered
an "integral element'' of the machine's operating system.
So, now, if you're in Bill Gates' typically ultra-aggressive
shoes, does this slow you down?  No, it could speed you up.
You simply come out with your fully integrated operating
system, where the features of the browser are built-in
essentials.  You dissipate demand for the browser as a
separate product.
Of course, this puts, as SoftLetter publisher Jeffrey Tarter
puts it, "tremendous pressure on them [Microsoft] to
integrate the products fully, so there's no question that IE
is not a separate product.''
But, if you're Mr.  Bill with a 90 percent share of the
desktop operating system market, isn't that the goal anyway?
As soon as you release Windows 98, you simply stop selling
IE as an independent product.  Cede, for a while anyway, the
Unix and Mac markets to Netscape.  And then see whether the
market does marginalize the market for an independent
product called a browser - where there already are no
margins today.
Then, to keep up with Netscape's "high-performance'' browser
(which you start to call a "utility"), you simply update
your operating system more often.  Windows June, perhaps?
Microsoft simply achieves, over a longer period of time, the
dominance it sought anyway.  Only the clock starts ticking
sooner than if it had left IE as an independent product.
Computer makers are not going to stop providing their
customers with an operating system.
The Department of Justice and Microsoft's Silicon Valley
opponents, of course, will try to push the point that
browsers must stay separate.  But it's unclear how strong
the legal lineage is behind the idea that once a product is
an independent product, it always must stay an independent
If you're Bill Gates, do you sit back and wait to see how
this issue resolves itself in court?  Or do you push down
the pedal in the marketplace.
You'd have to believe he's shown his inclination many times
in the past.  And his shareholders count themselves the

@_date: 1997-12-22 01:52:28
@_author: Attila T. Hun 
@_subject: "The Right to Read" by Richard Stallman 
unfortunately, Stallman's "The Right to Read" is no longer
    science fiction.  Clinton signed the revised copyright
    law, with the abridgement of fair use, punishable by
    rather draconian fines, the 16th.
    technically, it is quite feasible to force the use of the
    "thin client" which can contain unmodifiable firmware
    identification and authentication. add an LCD minicam to
    the CPU coded monitor and retinal identification can be
    employed.
    Dan and Lissa joined the Luna revolution when they were
    unable to read the research papers after their student
    grants expired and the thin client workstations banned
    their own writings without a captive association.
    MicroSoft refused to store their data without a government     license, and paper copies were banned.
    Dan and Lissa were aboard the last passenger capsule before
    the government initiated non-consenual innoculation with a     temperature variation powered data ID microchip under the     skin of your right wrist.
    notes:
    1.  _if_ history is written accurately (even if it is slanted
        to be Clinton correct), it will show that FDR changed the
        American government and financial management, and Clinton
        destroyed the freedom of information. inevitable, I suppose,
        since Hillary communes with Eleanor.
    2.  Microsoft actually has a proposal out to major companies
        to provide massive data farm banks...  just adding another
        chink in Billy's drive to control information --the
        ultimate aphrodisiac.
- - ---------- Forwarded message ----------
Here is my CACM story.  It is my first published work of science fiction.
Copyright (C) 1996 Richard Stallman
Verbatim copying is permitted provided this notice is preserved.
This article appeared in the February 1997 issue of Communications of the
ACM (Volume 40, Number 2).
For Dan Halbert, the road to Tycho began in college--when Lissa Lenz
asked to borrow his computer.  Hers had broken down, and unless she
could borrow another, she would fail her midterm project.  There was
no one she dared ask, except Dan.
This put Dan in a dilemma.  He had to help her--but if he lent her his
computer, she might read his books.  Aside from the fact that you
could go to prison for many years for letting someone else read your
books, the very idea shocked him at first.  Like everyone, he had been
taught since elementary school that sharing books was nasty and
wrong--something that only pirates would do.
And there wasn't much chance that the SPA--the Software Protection
Authority--would fail to catch him.  In his software class, Dan had
learned that each book had a copyright monitor that reported when and
where it was read, and by whom, to Central Licensing.  (They used this
information to catch reading pirates, but also to sell personal
interest profiles to retailers.)  The next time his computer was
networked, Central Licensing would find out.  He, as computer owner,
would receive the harshest punishment--for not taking pains to prevent
the crime.
Of course, Lissa did not necessarily intend to read his books.  She
might want the computer only to write her midterm.  But Dan knew she
came from a middle-class family and could hardly afford the tuition,
let alone her reading fees.  Reading his books might be the only way
she could graduate.  He understood this situation; he himself had had
to borrow to pay for all the research papers he read.  (10% of those
fees went to the researchers who wrote the papers; since Dan aimed for
an academic career, he could hope that his own research papers, if
frequently referenced, would bring in enough to repay this loan.)
Later on, Dan would learn there was a time when anyone could go to the
library and read journal articles, and even books, without having to
pay.  There were independent scholars who read thousands of pages
without government library grants.  But in the 1990s, both commercial
and nonprofit journal publishers had begun charging fees for access.
By 2047, libraries offering free public access to scholarly literature
were a dim memory.
There were ways, of course, to get around the SPA and Central
Licensing.  They were themselves illegal.  Dan had had a classmate in
software, Frank Martucci, who had obtained an illicit debugging tool,
and used it to skip over the copyright monitor code when reading
books.  But he had told too many friends about it, and one of them
turned him in to the SPA for a reward (students deep in debt were
easily tempted into betrayal).  In 2047, Frank was in prison, not for
pirate reading, but for possessing a debugger.
Dan would later learn that there was a time when anyone could have
debugging tools.  There were even free debugging tools available on CD
or downloadable over the net.  But ordinary users started using them
to bypass copyright monitors, and eventually a judge ruled that this
had become their principal use in actual practice.  This meant they
were illegal; the debuggers' developers were sent to prison.
Programmers still needed debugging tools, of course, but debugger
vendors in 2047 distributed numbered copies only, and only to
officially licensed and bonded programmers.  The debugger Dan used in
software class was kept behind a special firewall so that it could be
used only for class exercises.
It was also possible to bypass the copyright monitors by installing a
modified system kernel.  Dan would eventually find out about the free
kernels, even entire free operating systems, that had existed around
the turn of the century.  But not only were they illegal, like
debuggers--you could not install one if you had one, without knowing
your computer's root password.  And neither the FBI nor Microsoft
Support would tell you that.
Dan concluded that he couldn't simply lend Lissa his computer.  But he
couldn't refuse to help her, because he loved her.  Every chance to
speak with her filled him with delight.  And that she chose him to ask
for help, that could mean she loved him too.
Dan resolved the dilemma by doing something even more unthinkable--he
lent her the computer, and told her his password.  This way, if Lissa
read his books, Central Licensing would think he was reading them.  It
was still a crime, but the SPA would not automatically find out about
it.  They would only find out if Lissa reported him.
Of course, if the school ever found out that he had given Lissa his
own password, it would be curtains for both of them as students,
regardless of what she had used it for.  School policy was that any
interference with their means of monitoring students' computer use was
grounds for disciplinary action.  It didn't matter whether you did
anything harmful--the offense was making it hard for the
administrators to check on you.  They assumed this meant you were
doing something else forbidden, and they did not need to know what it
Students were not usually expelled for this--not directly.  Instead
they were banned from the school computer systems, and would
inevitably fail all their classes.
Later, Dan would learn that this kind of university policy started
only in the 1980s, when university students in large numbers began
using computers.  Previously, universities maintained a different
approach to student discipline; they punished activities that were
harmful, not those that merely raised suspicion.
Lissa did not report Dan to the SPA.  His decision to help her led to
their marriage, and also led them to question what they had been
taught about piracy as children.  The couple began reading about the
history of copyright, about the Soviet Union and its restrictions on
copying, and even the original United States Constitution.  They moved
to Luna, where they found others who had likewise gravitated away from
the long arm of the SPA.  When the Tycho Uprising began in 2062, the
universal right to read soon became one of its central aims.
Author's Note:
The right to read is a battle being fought today.  Although it may
take 50 years for our present way of life to fade into obscurity, most
of the specific laws and practices described above have already been
proposed--either by the Clinton Administration or by publishers.
There is one exception: the idea that the FBI and Microsoft will keep
the root passwords for personal computers.  This is an extrapolation
from the Clipper chip and similar Clinton Administration key-escrow
proposals, together with a long-term trend: computer systems are
increasingly set up to give absentee operators control over the people
actually using the computer system.
The SPA, which actually stands for Software Publisher's Association,
is not today an official police force.  Unofficially, it acts like
one.  It invites people to inform on their coworkers and friends; like
the Clinton Administration, it advocates a policy of collective
responsibility whereby computer owners must actively enforce copyright
or be punished.
The SPA is currently threatening small Internet service providers,
demanding they permit the SPA to monitor all users.  Most ISPs
surrender when threatened, because they cannot afford to fight back in
court.  (Atlanta Journal-Constitution, 1 Oct 96, D3.)  At least one
ISP, Community ConneXion in Oakland CA, refused the demand and was
actually sued (  The SPA is said to have
dropped this suit recently, but they are sure to continue the campaign
in various other ways.
The university security policies described above are not imaginary.
For example, a computer at one Chicago-area university prints this
message when you log in (quotation marks are in the original):
    "This system is for the use of authorized users only.  Individuals using
    this computer system without authority or in the excess of their authority
    are subject to having all their activities on this system monitored and
    recorded by system personnel.  In the course of monitoring individuals
    improperly using this system or in the course of system maintenance, the
    activities of authorized user may also be monitored.  Anyone using this
    system expressly consents to such monitoring and is advised that if such
    monitoring reveals possible evidence of illegal activity or violation of
    University regulations system personnel may provide the evidence of such
    monitoring to University authorities and/or law enforcement officials."
This is an interesting approach to the Fourth Amendment: pressure most
everyone to agree, in advance, to waive their rights under it.
The administration's "White Paper": Information Infrastructure Task
Force, Intellectual Property and the National Information
Infrastructure: The Report of the Working Group on Intellectual
Property Rights (1995).
An explanation of the White Paper:
The Copyright Grab, Pamela Samuelson, Wired, Jan. 1996
( 4.01/features/whitepaper.html).
Sold Out, James Boyle, New York Times, 31 March 1996
Public Data or Private Data, Washington Post, 4 Nov 1996
Union for the Public Domain--a new organization which aims to resist
and reverse the overextension of intellectual property powers.  For
more information, see Richard Stallman received the 1990 ACM Grace Murray Hopper award for
developing GNU Emacs.  He is also the author of the free symbolic
debugger GDB, and founded the project to develop the free GNU
operating system.

@_date: 1997-11-07 03:03:17
@_author: Attila T. Hun 
@_subject: Mitnick Rings Bell 
the assholes missed the point...
on or about 971106:0722, in     anybody who thinks that does not happen in Federal
    prisons has their eyes closed.  the only light is
    through the observation port, and a 4 in. hole in
    the floor is provided for defecation, etc. the one
    hour per day is for exercise and the every other     day shower. cell space requirement: 49 sq. ft.
    the feds will not permit the states this torture,
    but that does not stop the BOP...
    easier to charge losses for what he used and/or
    blocked
    well, what do you expect? something of value?
    must be a cypherpunk candidate; we know they're
    trying to take over.      sure...

@_date: 1997-11-07 11:08:54
@_author: Attila T. Hun 
@_subject: FEMA site using cookies 
A non-text attachment was scrubbed...
Name: not available
Type: text/html
Size: 4303 bytes
Desc: not available
URL:

@_date: 1997-11-08 20:57:13
@_author: Attila T. Hun 
@_subject: CHALLENGE to Meganet VME: million dollar hype? 
Meganet Corporation (818) 757-3890 19528 Ventura Blvd. Suite 317 Tarzana, CA 91356
    OPEN CHALLENGE TO YOU
over the last 30 years I have seen hundreds of new "unbreakable"
encryption programs; all of them have the same claims, the same
challenges, and the same secrecy.   but, with several notable
exceptions, each has contained a fatal flaw.  and I have seen
even my own "perfect" algorithms fall apart when I awake...
therefore, if you want any serious encryption experts to endorse
your product as having a factor of "unbreakability" by forcing the
level of brute force necessary to do so, provide the algorithm
and the associated source code to a few of us who enjoy breaking
algorithms as much as we enjoy trying to create them.
I dont have time, any more than my colleagues will have time, to waste on foolishness represented by your amateur challenge.
until you are willing to submit to an open review by your peers, your supposed encryption product is YAP. secondly, until your methodology is reviewed, we will consider the product a schill to Louis Freeh and other GAK and trap door
mandated system advocates.
if you wish to be considered a serious contender to replace RSA,
it's time to put your cards on the table; we see your nickel and
call.  in the matter of public encryption, there is no secrecy,
or there is no use.
your move.
    attila out...
cc: cypherpunks at cyberpass.net

@_date: 1997-11-12 18:51:19
@_author: Attila T. Hun 
@_subject: Br'er Tim and the Bug Hole 
on or about 971111:1833, in <1.5.4.32.19971111233358.00a03ac8 at pop.pipeline.com>,     John Young  was purported to have     expostulated to perpetuate an opinion:
    the beast, John, remember the beast...
    yes, Bob, go to end, before I inflame you even more.
    that goes for the candy-ass left-wing Hallam-Baker, too.
    known fact, wipe 'em out one by one, including their pets.
    govt. instigation, to validate their need for more     suppressive laws on speech and firearms.
      "And the Clinton administration launched an attack
        on people in Texas because those people were
        religious nuts with guns.
       Hell, this country was founded by religious nuts         with guns."             --P.J.  O'Rourke.
    Ditto, Oklahoma City. classic case of burying the evidence,     literally.
    the zealot does not care. there has never been mercy in
    war, but only the losers stood for "war crimes" --until
    Lt. Calley.
    real easy for the candystripers to send troops they've
    never seen to their deaths --they're just numbers and     statistics. the 30 day wonder boy 2nd lieutenant has a
    better than 50% chance of dying with a bullet in his
    back.
    then they send the more blatant and visible ones to
    spec-ops where we can all get down to some serious killing.
    look the killer in the eye --tap him upside the head to
    see if the light is still on, and you can read the writing
    on the back wall of the cranium. reality check.
    I'll take 500 more of those over 50,000 Marines, thank you.
    patience, John, patience... let them give the fucking orders,
    then just go and do the job right.      dont worry, the strutting bastards will claim the credit for
    your kill anyway.
    yup, wait until he moves into position, thinking he has his
    way, then put that boot on his gonads all the way to his     throat.  patience, patience, kill.
        then toss your calling card on the scene.
    I doubt Tim has his tools visible --just handy.
    sure hate to be that maddog neighbor if he rubbed on you,     John.  who you kidding?
    remember 1964.
    my uncle was 40 when he reupped Marines NCO for WWII; he was
    50 when he tried to reup Marines for Korea--they wouldn't
    let him go Marines, but he did go to Inchon as a Navy     Seabee...
    in 1950, and even at the beginning of the 60s we thought we
    were doing our duty for God and for country --wrong.
    no, and I aint goin' to shut up with those bastards from
    Washington disgracing themselves and pissing away our     heritage in the New World Order bullshit --it's them same
    old stories of rape, pillage, and burn by the privileged     class --redistribution of wealth, disenfranchise the
    rest of us...      nothing new in history; read Catulus or Marcellus from 2,000     years ago.
    to the victor goes the spoils? not necessarily.
        to the victor goes the right to [re]write history.
    which is why crypto freedom is our freedom.
   "Giving money and power to the government is like
      giving whiskey and car keys to teenaged boys"
        --P J O'Rourke

@_date: 1997-11-14 02:35:08
@_author: Attila T. Hun 
@_subject: Br'er Tim and the Bug Hole 
on or about 971112:1136, in ,     Robert Hettinga  was purported to have     expostulated to perpetuate an opinion:
    yeah, well, my old lady just told me that (having been born in
    in the same small town as John Brown) John Brown's younger sister
    was my great-great-great-grandmother...
    I guess that gives me the right to express the thought that     anybody pushed far enough into the corner will behave like
    any other cornered animal --and some of us will just react
    a little sooner... and a great deal nastier.
    I never picked a fight, but I have more than finished a few.
    remember:  revenge is best served up cold.
        attila out...

@_date: 1997-11-14 17:39:01
@_author: Attila T. Hun 
@_subject: MEGAVAPOUR ENCRYPTION [was CHALLENGE to Meganet VME...] 
on or about 971108:1121, in <3.0.32.19971108112126.006dab28 at ibcnet.com>,     Matrix Encryption  was purported to have     expostulated to perpetuate an opinion:
    normally I would not waste my time replying to an     illiterate, ignorant flim-flam artist with a forced     error [sic] of superiority to hide his/her paranoid     insecurity.
    first: I am not, and have never been, a coward hiding     behind a nym. I have been known by "Attila T. Hun" for
    more years than you have probably been alive. thus, the
    interNIC record:
    20:56:01 attila 501-> whois hun.org
        Attila T. Hun (HUN5-DOM)
        31 N. 700 E. Suite 134
        St. George, UT 84770-3208
        US
        Domain Name: HUN.ORG
        ...
        Record last updated on 31-Jul-97.
    AND
    Welcome to Primenet, Attila T. Hun
    Your last login was Thu Nov 13 22:19:11 PST 1997     USER     TTY FROM              LOGIN@  IDLE WHAT
    attila   p3  attila.infowest.  7:02AM     0 w attila
    processing mail folders                 msgs   lines   chars message group
                  21    2157   98506 .incoming_mail
    00:02:25 attila 501-> finger attila at primenet.com
        [primenet.com]
        Login: attila                           Name: Attila T. Hun
        Directory: /user/a/attila               Shell: /bin/bash
        Mailbox last read:    Fri Nov 14 00:02 (MST)
        Plan:
            ENCODE ALL MESSAGES WITH 2048 BIT SIGNAL KEY: 2048/463141C9
    now, all that being said...  it has been asked...      "attila, who the fuck are you?"         "just nobody, I guess;
        "well, let's see...
        "I have a Piled higher and Deeper in Information Techniques             from Zuerich (undergrad at Harvard in dual honors
            physical chemistry);
        "I have been around since before the dawn of arpanet, probably
            even longer than TCMay; in fact, I was born before Franklin
            D. Roosevelt dusted off Wendell L. Willkie;
        "I've never held a job;
        "but, I have personally coded more than a few 250,000+ line
            packages, which made me quite comfortable at one time, even
            if more than one did go down the black hole (along with
            countless other projects like the bit-slice hardware and
            firmware to replace B3500s in missile silos);
        "I have been the hatchet man in a few bleeding tech             recoveries;
        "I have been detained for crypto offenses by the Feds;
        "I have been detained for 'treasonable' technology export; and,
            I have been charged;
        "a long time ago, in a land far, far away, there was more than
            one tour in "deep-deep black" special operations; the
            battalion commanding officer for the 'Let's do some serious
            killing...' permanently vacant eyes, misfits;
        "a combat chopper pilot; an instrument rated multi-engine pilot;
            a rider of a 102 cu.  in.  115+ mph qtr. miler hawg on the
            street; "plus a few other reasons to guarantee an
            autobiography to be found on the fiction shelf.
        "if you really want to know...  just play Hotel California,
            but I live in the high desert country of Utah with a             bunch of gun nuts (only state in the Union where opening
            day of the hunting season is a state holiday).
        "So, who the 'fuck' am I?  Just another aging 300 lb gorilla,
        "Oh, yeah, I forgot, I hold a license to practice before the
            court in a couple European countries...
        "So, who am I, really?
        "Nobody, I guess, just attila!
        "you probably will not be last, you may not be next,             but you are certainly too late to have been first."
                --attila
    now, let's get several important points straight out front:
    1.  matriculate in a liberal arts program for English grammar         and composition; your writing is unintelligible, often         contradictory  --no class.
    2.  until you publish the algorithm[s] and the implementation
        code, you do not have a product, you have "vapourware" in
        the encryption business --your trust model reputation
        capital is zero.
    3.  anybody can propose a specification; but over the last
        25 years less than a handful of the hundreds proposed,         have been bullet proof --so far; they can still fail.
    4.  a 2^20 keylength is an absurd dimension, more than
        120Kbytes; the efficiency for an average 2K memo is
        less than 2%. just handling the data stream is a load
        on both the processor[s] and the communication link[s].
    if you are still with me...
    1.  I do not believe your claim that you have placed your
        encryption with 250 of the top software companies;
        there are not 250 software companies in the world who         could afford your outrageous $1 million base licensing
        be --particularly for what appears to be vapourware.
        Nobody in this business places that level of financial
        commitment on the PASS line in las vegas.  and to pay         this fee annually? well, dreams are still permissable;
        but outside of that forum, your hypothesis is a dream.
            corollary: the way to make money is to sell millions
            of licenses at $10, not get down on your knees and
            pray that someone will lay $1 million on you for             something which has not been proven in the trenches.
    2.  I do not believe you _ever_ had the $1 million prize         money for your alleged contest.
    3.  I do not believe you even have a working model or beta
        release of the software.
    4.  I do not believe you are doing anything other than         putting us all on.
    now, if we can get past the above problems for YOU to solve,
    and/or demonstrate the efficacy thereof, to US, the final
    "problem" in your demonstrated inability to communicate can
    be addressed:
    I did NOT ask to participate in your EXPIRED CHALLENGE; that     was obviously a farcical expression of egotistical
    tomfoolery or shenanigans --maybe even hooliganism. that
    not withstanding, you never had the money to pay a claim;     your ego told you there would never be a claim.
    I DID CHALLENGE YOU to publish your algorithms, source code,     and implementations to the group for evaluation.         if your hypothesis survives a rigorous exercise and         proof of its claims, you will be a hero.
        if your hypothesis, which from this perceptive point
        appears to be vapourware, goes down in flames, you         will be no worse a fool than any of the last crop of         bulletproof pretenders.
    and that, my friend is living in the real world, not even
    the fast lane.
    the rest of your letter is hokey. ...it's your move.
        attila out...
    ------------ balance of your original drivel follows -----------
p.s. - I've noticed too late of the title to your email - just for your
knowledge, the million dollars challenge have ended May 15,1997 and the
current challenge bear no monetary prize.
Take Care,

@_date: 1997-11-23 16:08:19
@_author: Attila T. Hun 
@_subject: Clinton Sells Arlington Burials (fwd) 
on or about 971122:2102, in <1.5.4.32.19971123020247.006c67e8 at pop.pipeline.com>,     John Young  was purported to have     expostulated to perpetuate an opinion:
    hell, no!  I did mine, gave it all I had in the face of it until the     youthful idealism from the farm (despite Harvard) was shot and the     pure bullshit of the American ideal was exposed as the world's bully     --at least you knew where the commies were; our great American idealistic
    motherfuckers were nothing more than an oligarchy of military-industrial
    opportunists and power freaks.
    if I had not carried too much rank, they would have assigned me to
    retrieve the dead from the jungle detail...  the ultimate in one way
    tickets.
    even if they would pardon me for my sins of telling them to fuck-off,     I'll join you in potters' field --probably safer anyway....

@_date: 1997-11-23 16:22:23
@_author: Attila T. Hun 
@_subject: Anti-Grav? 
on or about 971116:0943, in ,     Tim May  was purported to have     expostulated to perpetuate an opinion:
    the claims have not been withdrawn.  there was an article     recently in the American Physics Society rag. anything goes at     absolute temperature including the proof of the einstein-bose
    predictions where molecules literally overlap.  plasmas have     some interesting effects on spatial relationships in non-miscable
    crytal structures, but the einstein-bose...
    there are at least 300 projects on cold fusion running... and one
    plausible explanation which I am aware of.  also, look at the other
    end --politics continues the Princeton ring, while the LLL Shiva
    project has not been metioned for several years.  go figure.

@_date: 1997-11-28 13:08:57
@_author: Attila T. Hun 
@_subject: Update On Jim Bell 
on or about 971124:1927, in <1.5.4.32.19971125002759.006e8104 at pop.pipeline.com>,     John Young  was purported to have     expostulated to perpetuate an opinion:
    if the public defender's brief is filed under seal, it generally
    discusses what the defendent has passed the government --in other
    words: snitching on others in affairs related to the defendent or
    even the names of people who the defendent feels might be part of
    the overall problem to the government --sounds like most any active
    cypherpunk to me as there are not too many happy with the government's
    actions on amendments 1,2,4,5,6,8,10,14 for a starter. by the time
    F{reeh,uck} gets through, there will be no bill of rights --Orwell
    was a piker.

@_date: 1997-12-01 09:01:14
@_author: Attila T. Hun 
@_subject: If you fought to defend your country... 
on or about 971130:1554, in <3.0.3.32.19971130155457.006c6c5c at popd.netcruiser>,     Jonathan Wienke  was purported to have     expostulated to perpetuate an opinion:
    uuuhhh.  12" is not the length of a riot gun barrel...
             it's your swinging length.

@_date: 1997-12-01 11:53:06
@_author: Attila T. Hun 
@_subject: John Brown 
As to Monty and the 3 name criminals association alleged below:
        Attila The Hun
        Hun, Attila
    looks like two names to me, the "T." being nothing more than
    a conjunction, just like Tess d'Uberville means Tess of     Uberville.
    Incidently, John Brown was the older brother of my
    great-great-grandmother.      I grew up almost across the street from the Brown
    farm/homestead in Hudson OH; his father, Owen Brown, was a
    regent at Western Reserve University, which was in Hudson at
    that time, and a director of Oberlin College.  The village
    has an Owen Brown St, but no John Brown St.  However, the
    homestead in Hudson, and the half dozen places in the area
    he lived at various times are all listed historical
    monuments.
    In the 50s at Western Reserve Academy in Hudson, we were
    taught the version of events presented by anonymous.
    interesting that our legal system permits the about to be
    condemned the right to speak his mind before the judge; in a
    clear case where failure would have more impact than
    success, failure prevailed and the intent was consummated
    with the "martyrdom" of John Brown.
    the real rewriting of history began in the mid-60s.
    professors, who write books, live on grants which are passed
    out by two groups:  business and government.  books tend to
    support the views of the grantees, and their view of how
    history should be written, rewritten, denied, or "directed."
on or about 971112:1731, in
,     Tim May  was purported to have     expostulated to perpetuate an opinion:

@_date: 1997-12-01 12:23:19
@_author: Attila T. Hun 
@_subject: November raids? [was Re: Gun Control brings on a New Arms Race] 
on or about 971110:1309, in ,     Tim May  was purported to have     expostulated to perpetuate an opinion:
    yes, which november? this nov is gone, but I am still waiting     patiently for my share. maybe next year.
    actually, I think I'll hide under the bed and hope the dogs
    cant find me. any man defending himself from under his bed     cant be guilty of murder, can he?
    he who dies with the most notches wins?

@_date: 1997-12-01 13:32:30
@_author: Attila T. Hun 
@_subject: Freemen and Serfs 
on or about 971130:1857, in ,     Tim May  was purported to have     expostulated to perpetuate an opinion:
    when? 4.5 million years ago? like the rest of us if you believe that
    scenario.

@_date: 1997-10-02 06:03:19
@_author: Attila T. Hun 
@_subject: DejaVu: Cypherpunks as Philosopher Kings 
on or about 971001:0144     Blanc  purported to expostulate:
+Since he says "we are ... dangerous ... if .... we are not scrutinized
+carefully", I interpret this to mean that he is advising and warning
+that the agency therefore *needs* to be kept under watchful
+surveillance, lest it develop to the level of its worst potential.   Blanc:   At the end of the document I repeat the quote another way. To me,   stating that "your" FBI is potentially the most dangerous agency, is a   facetious attempt on the part of F[reeh,uck] to disarm, or at least give   everyone the warm fuzzies, that the FBI is _not_ dangerous. backhand   disinformation. what he is waiting for is his straight man to say, "Oh,   Louie, you know that's not true; we trust you implicitely."
  --start excerpt
    Louis F]reeh,uck], did you really state this hoping everyone would     think you are joking?         "We are potentially the most dangerous agency in the         country if we are not scrutinized carefully."
    Louis F[reeh,uck], you obviously know that telling the truth, before     the truth is really the truth, disarms your opposition since they     can plainly see that it is not true.
  --end excerpt
  sarcasm, like revenge, is a dish best served up cold.
 --
 "When I die, please cast my ashes upon Bill Gates.      For once, let him clean up after me! "  ______________________________________________________________________
 "attila" 1024/C20B6905/23 D0 FA 7F 6A 8F 60 66 BC AF AE 56 98 C0 D7 B0

@_date: 1997-10-03 00:24:32
@_author: Attila T. Hun 
@_subject: counter-intuitive -- spam is good for you.  anonymous assholes are your friend 
on or about 971002:1338     Zooko Journeyman  purported to expostulate:
+So maybe _that's_ why I've found it rewarding to select _for_ +anonymous posts instead of against in recent times.  +And why I toy with the notion of fomenting the kind of infowar "war
+games" that Phill Hallam-Baker hates.
    yes, Zooko, go for it; Phill needs all the help he can get to
    shake out his obviously poorly maintained and porous node which
    he has claimed to be secure.
    if Phill is secure, what difference does it make if you assault
    him?  my guess is he is not secure, and probably has no clue how
    to get from there to secure.
 --
 "When I die, please cast my ashes upon Bill Gates.      For once, let him clean up after me! "  ______________________________________________________________________
 "attila" 1024/C20B6905/23 D0 FA 7F 6A 8F 60 66 BC AF AE 56 98 C0 D7 B0

@_date: 1997-10-03 01:06:48
@_author: Attila T. Hun 
@_subject: Mr. Policeman is Your Friend 
on or about 971001:1644     Tim May  purported to expostulate:
    [snip antecedent] +Let's not forget that cops are often the bad guys.
    [read Tim's excellent analysis and list in original]
    the thin blue line: just whose side are the police on?
    "the police are the lowest element of our society"
        (either Cato or Marcellus at the time of Julius Caesar)
    the cop is often a thug with a clean enough record to join the force
    and continue his trade.
    if you want to break heads, join the police; if you want to
    destroy buildings, join the fire department.
    these [wo]men may be public servants, but as Tim points out, just
    who is the master. In the US, "We the people" should be the masters,         but are we?  obviously not.
    read my DejaVu - Cypherpunks as Philosopher Kings. yes, it is         inflammatory, but the cards are on the table. we're being set
    up to have less rights that are available under the UN declaration
    which has the same right of assembly and protest --as long as it is
    not against the security of the state.
    if guns are outlawed, only outlaws will have guns. obvious,     particularly in America; but think of another implication:
        if the government of the US no longer truly represents
        "We the people," is not the government an outlaw government?
            "if guns are outlawed, only outlaws will have guns" takes
            on a whole new meaning...
    and, remember, we are not fighting a war with guns; we are fighting a     war for the control of communication and information and that is one
    of the primary functions of cypherpunks: to ensure the freedom of     speech, including [specifically] encrypted speech.
 --
 "Experience keeps a dear school, but fools will learn in no other."             --Benjamin Franklin
 ______________________________________________________________________
 "attila" 1024/C20B6905/23 D0 FA 7F 6A 8F 60 66 BC AF AE 56 98 C0 D7 B0

@_date: 1997-10-03 01:30:16
@_author: Attila T. Hun 
@_subject: Mr. Policeman is Your Friend 
on or about 971002:0941     "S. M. Halloran"  purported to expostulate:
    [snip - part of original text follows at the end of new message]
    the US initiated "Civil Rights" legislation at the
    Federal level to deal with the abuse of a persons
    liberty. It has been used many ways, but its original
    intent was to be able to charge, convict, and punish
    racist miscreants in the South for murdering Civil
    Rights activists who would walk scott free when tried
    for murder as white juries would not convict them
    (twelve "good" men unanimously). The statue was
    effectively retroactive.     another perfect example, although I personally think
    poorly applied as I knew the Sergeant who was scapegoated
    when they convicted the animal who deserved it:  The
    Rodney King case.  A suburban white jury not-guiltied
    the four officers, except one "hung" count on the
    animal. The Feds stepped in and charged them with Civil
    Rights violations.
    for a hilarious exposition on impartial juries, read
    Mark Twain's Virginia City writings.     The animal and the Sergeant were convicted; the judge
    sentenced them to 30 months or something; the Feds
    appealed since it was less than the guidelines, and the
    appeals court sent it back for resentencing; the judge
    repeated the sentence; by this time they were free
    anyway.  The argument on the sentence is probably still
    going on...     however, specifically to your question of an additive
    sentence for a person operating under the colour of law:
    no --except, the prosecutor could file additional     charges of 'operating under the colour of law' --and the
    judge could specify that the sentence for that violation
    is to run after the others which would extend the time
    (often referred to as "running wild").
    The remedy is there; the difficulty is in getting it
    applied unless the case is notorious.     and, it provides for penalties ranging all the way to     the death penalty.  a very comprehensive, catch-all law
    which is rarely applied equally.      another great American legal innovation which is even     more of travesty: RICO --Racketeering Influenced     Corrupt Organizations.  it only takes 3 in the     conspiracy to invoke it, and by itself it has a     mandatory 20 years no parole; if it is 6 or more people,
    it is life without parole.     common law no longer exists in the US. the courts are     all Admiralty Courts where the only habeus corpus you
    have is what the court might gratuitously grant you.
    FDR sold the country into legal bankruptcy on 9 Mar 33
    pledging all Americans and their property as collateral.
    Bankruptcy is a contract matter, and as such is not     subject to common law.  Americans live by being licensed
    to exist --the license starts with the social security     number which is now required to be issued at birth.
 --
 "When I die, please cast my ashes upon Bill Gates.      For once, let him clean up after me! "  ______________________________________________________________________
 "attila" 1024/C20B6905/23 D0 FA 7F 6A 8F 60 66 BC AF AE 56 98 C0 D7 B0 +I have a question:  has any jurisdiction (local, state, federal) in +the U.S. resolved the hyprocrisy--maybe better to phrase "double +standard"--wherein citizens who commit crimes against persons who +perform duties under the color and badge of authority--namely the +police--are charged with additional offenses specific for crimes +against govt officers--but govt officers who commit crimes against +citizens while in the performance of duties under the color and badge +of authority would suffer the same penalty as citizens who commit +crimes against "just" citizens?   --

@_date: 1997-10-03 16:10:56
@_author: Attila T. Hun 
@_subject: counter-intuitive -- spam is good for you.  anonymous assholes are your friend 
on or about 971002:2232     Phillip Hallam-Baker  purported to expostulate:
+On Thursday, October 02, 1997 11:54 AM,  +> if Phill is secure, what difference does it make if you assault +> him?  my guess is he is not secure, and probably has no clue how
+> to get from there to secure.
+Because when you ring the alarm bell on my system
+it is answered by law enforcement and it costs about +$10,000 a time to deal with the issue.
+Setting off fire alarms costs real money.     my only comment is: "may you have many false alarms."
    waving the big stick of law enforcement as a warning is nothing
    more than a pre-potty trained bully with a bunch of goons to     back him up as he stomps around his playpen.
    law enforcement did not deterred the hacks on the state department,
    the FBI, and even the CIA.  I dont advocate the hacks, but it is         amusing to watch the great watchdogs of security take a hit.
    with your spoiled brat rantings, you make your site as tempting as     some of the other nose tweakers who need a serious attitude adjustment
    in other words, get off your fucking horse, it has a broken leg.
    dont forget to call home, your mums waiting.
        attila out
+Incidentally the security line you are pushing is a crock. To get real
+security I believe you have to have feedback
+and monitoring. This is especially important in an institutional
+setting where you may not have complete control of critical
+infrastructure. For my application simply hoping the guys  with the
+white hats find security holes before those in the  black ones do is
+simply not enough.
+In any case I'm not as complacent as Attila seems to think the security
+model has been amply reviewed by the best
+in the field.
+Threatening to catch the malefactor and put him behind bars is a
+valuable additional security tool. The more bad guys there are behind
+bars the less time I have to spend worrying.
+		Phill

@_date: 1997-10-03 16:32:32
@_author: Attila T. Hun 
@_subject: Crypto-continuation in Washington: FBI/DoJ keep up the pressure 
anyone have any doubt about my "Call to arms against F[reeh,uck]"?
    read what Declan said; the Congresscritters are just regrouping.     the man must be stopped: Freeh Fuck wants to make J. Edgar Hoover
    look like a saint, garter belt and all. Hoover looked like the         slimeball he was; F[reeh,uck] looks like the Hollywood stereotype of     the valiant and honest defender of the American way.
    just wait for the hammer to fall in some rider to a spending bill;
    American legislative morality is pure snake shit amorality.
  --
 "Experience keeps a dear school, but fools will learn in no other."             --Benjamin Franklin
 ______________________________________________________________________
 "attila" 1024/C20B6905/23 D0 FA 7F 6A 8F 60 66 BC AF AE 56 98 C0 D7 B0

@_date: 1997-10-03 17:29:21
@_author: Attila T. Hun 
@_subject: NYTimes Editorial slams F[reeh,uck] and calls on Clinton to stamp it out! 
The lead editorial, the stated opinion of the paper     itself, in this mornings NYTimes slams F[reeh.uck]'s
    initiative as "crossing the line" and that Clinton
    "needs to stamp out a bad idea."
    strong words, newspaper policy editorial, important
    words.  The NYTimes actually has a clue, a strong     clue.     support the NYTimes!  The NYTimes syndicate feeds
    thousands of the US papers, particularly the small
    town papers and is considered gospel by many.
  The Clinton Administration has proposed several
 unworkable plans over the years to keep powerful
 encryption programs that scramble telephone and computer
 messages out of the hands of foreign terrorists and
 criminals.  But it has never tried to put the need to
 eavesdrop on criminals above the privacy rights of
 ordinary Americans.  Last month the F.B.I.  Director,
 Louis Freeh, crossed that line by urging Congress to
 outlaw the manufacture and distribution of encryption
 programs the Government cannot instantly crack....
 ...The plan is unworkable because uncrackable encryption
 software is readily available abroad.  Congress could
 try to forbid Americans to use any unbreakable
 encryption, regardless of who makes it.  But that would
 trample on rights that Americans jealously protect to
 communicate free of Washington's interference.
 The best way to reduce many types of industrial and
 financial crime is to provide citizens powerful
 encryption so they can communicate without fear of
 corporate spies and thieves....   ...
 Before encryption controls pick up more momentum, the
 White House needs to stamp out a bad idea.

@_date: 1997-10-04 15:58:16
@_author: Attila T. Hun 
@_subject: FBI trainees good, nab innocent teen-agers 
on or about 971004:0732     nobody at replay.com (Anonymous) purported to expostulate:
+     +     ELIZABETHTOWN, Pennsylvania (AP) -- Armed FBI trainees in
+     bulletproof vests and camouflage surrounded a group of teen-agers,
+     handcuffed them and forced them to the ground before realizing
+     they had the wrong people.
+       look at this way: the teenagers have seen first blood; they may be         better prepared for when it is for real
 --
 "Experience keeps a dear school, but fools will learn in no other."             --Benjamin Franklin
 ______________________________________________________________________
 "attila" 1024/C20B6905/23 D0 FA 7F 6A 8F 60 66 BC AF AE 56 98 C0 D7 B0

@_date: 1997-10-05 13:34:56
@_author: Attila T. Hun 
@_subject: Pompous Phill [was: RE: counter-intuitive -- spam is good for you] 
on or about 971004:2213     Phillip Hallam-Baker  publicly excreted:
+On Friday, October 03, 1997 4:02 AM, Attila T. Hun [SMTP:attila at hun.org] +>     law enforcement did not deter the hacks on the state department,
+>     the FBI, and even the CIA.  I dont advocate the hacks, but it is     +>     amusing to watch the great watchdogs of security take a hit.
+Since I have no responsibility for either site I don't much care
+Actually neither has responsibility as a security watchdog,
+that is the NSA's job.
    that's mighty white of you, boy.  security is everyone's business +>     with your spoiled brat rantings, you make your site as tempting as +>     some of the other nose tweakers who need a serious attitude +>     adjustment
+Actually I think you are the spoiled brat. If you had any real +experience of computer security you would know who I am +and who I work with.
    oh, my!  a self-righteous, ostentatious, gratuitous, chest thumper.
    maybe even a national hero! "Pompous in high presumption" (Chaucer)
    has your press relations officer given your home town newspaper
    an exclusive broadside to make your mum proud?
    probably still looking for his horse...
+One of the principles of propaganda is reflection - poor +propagandists accuse others of their own faults. My guess
+is that Attila is a sixteen year old schoolkid who thinks that
+downloading PGP and reading Bruce's book makes him a +security expert.
    the truth would surprise you.
    those who know had a need to know; the rest are irrelevant. +The real complacent folk are the ones that put their trust in +cargo cult readings of Bill Morris.
    one of Sir Winston Churchill's great lines obviously applies:
      "[Hallam-Baker] has the gift on compressing the largest         amount of words into the smallest amount of thoughts."

@_date: 1997-10-06 11:11:10
@_author: Attila T. Hun 
@_subject: FOCUS [was Re: New PGP "Everything the FBI ever dreamed of"] 
attila in --with both feet.
    starting with the premise that a corporation has a fundamental     legal right to review all work and communications of any employee,
    and "acknowledging" that the employer is virtually required to
    maintain access to documentation to service the regulations of the
    government, the courts, and the LEAs, the issue is simply HOW?
    1.  I personally include my own public key in every encrypted
        message --if I consider the contents important enough to         warrant encrypting, not just signing, I consider it important
        enough not to maintain a plaintext copy.
    2.  If I consider the contents more than just important -eg:
        critical, I use one of my unpublished public keys for the
        file copy. this version, including the encryption software
        and key library, are kept on a separate ZIP disk from the
        standard version ZIP disk.
        as a matter of reference, all temporary space is maintained on         the ZIP drive.      the major insecurity is the swap space which is maintained on a     separate partition which is fully purged at boot time --which is not
    often enough.  I have written secure swappers, or maybe I should say
    secure except for the transitory time the information may have been
    swapped out.  this can be made further secure by preventing swap for
    the encryption engine if the system permits it, or even better, use
    semiconductor memory which leaves no magnetic media residuals to be
    analyzed 500 levels down by the Feds.
    From a mechanical standpoint there is no difference when you
    apply the same methods to the corporate environment. Again, the
    issue is HOW it is implemented.
    1.  if a corporate entity uses a single private-public keypair
        for each and every employee, that is their own stupidity as
        this is insecure, both internal and external. Too many hands on
        the private key.
    2.  ideally, each employee should be given a separate corporate
        public key. at the very least the key can represent a department             or work group.
    3.  using the scenario in 2, specific projects can use a second
        corporate key which permits group leader management control.
    Therefore:
    Is this GAK?                    unfortunately, yes.     By tolerating the use of        unfortunately, yes.
    corporate GAK are we setting     ourselves up to accept     personal GAK?      why?                            individuals will be desensitized                                     to defending the absolute
                                    importance of maintaining our                                                         Constitutional rights, what few
                                    the Supreme Court has not yet                                                                    denigrated.
    can we avoid this result?       YES!     GAK for businesses is a slam dunk, eg: if business has it, LEA,         etc. can get it. desensitization can be minimized by pressuring
    professional associations to keep the issue of _personal_ privacy
    on the hot burner; this is the only issue.     our mission must be to keep the fire out front so Americans will     not stand for the total loss of privacy, etc. that F[reeh,uck] is
    hawking to our government; F[reeh,uck] sings the siren song of
    anti-terrorism, anti-anarchy, and all that good stuff government
    wants to suppress in violation of the Constitution.
    if the general public is fully aware of the implication, there     is a chance to lead the rabble with the the chant:
        hell no, we wont dump our crypto!
    Now that the NYTimes has seen the light and is joining the battle
    against the forces of encryption denial, the mainstream press may     make some effort in the cause, but we must keep the pressure on
    high.
    CDT, EPIC, and the rest of them are funded by business, big
    business, all of whom have a vested interest in selling product.     they are the employers of the inside-the-beltway whores ...pardon     me: lobbycritters; and they will compromise our individual rights in     the corporate interests of the almighty dollar; in fact, corporate     managers and beancounters will violate the privacy of their
    employees faster than the US spooks, both on and off the job --they     have little if any concept of personal Constitutional privacy rights
        corporate officers are clueless on personal privacy.
    we face a two edged sword.     if we encourage the expanded use of encryption in business, it will
    spread much more readily to the private sector --knowing full well
    the corporate users will be subjected to GAK.      If business units are smart, they will implement the multi-target
    encryption and fight like hell against what F[reeh,uck] really
    wants: on-the-fly, real-time trapdoor cleartext --just like clipper.     If F[reeh,uck] gets what he wants, why should he ask a court for
    approval to decrypt when he can already glean the information in
    the same way POTS taps are real time.
    if we rant and rave against the multi-public key encryption system,     we risk facing the far more Draconian demands of F[reeh,uck].  The
    multi-public key system has been in use since the first time the
    ability to use multi-keys for multi-recipients was included.
    there is nothing we can do in the courts to prevent corporations
    processing encrypted mail through servers for verification, or even
    content scanning.  business has this right --unfortunately, the
    government can compel the business to exercise this "right" and     therefore government potentially does have real-time access.
    THE FOCUS:
    All efforts need to be directed to prevent the inclusion of
    master keys in hardware and/or software and the mandating of
    universal usage of the government system.  there is little
    difference in what F[reeh,uck] is proposing and Clipper --and     the same arguments can challenge F[reeh,uck] and friends.
    Let's not waste time hashing and rehashing business practices we     have long since been forced to accept; and stay away from politics:
        FOCUS on our Constitutional rights.
    death is inevitable --an action we all face; some things are worth
    dying early defending  --my personal privacy rights and the sanctity     of my intellectual processes or whatever I wish to cogitate or     regurgitate is one of them. For the masses:
        '54-40 OR FIGHT'     or any number of us will die martyrs;
    STAND UP AND BE COUNTED;     dont be government wimps, snitches, and shills like Hallam-Baker.
        attila on the way out
 ______________________________________________________________________
 "attila" 1024/C20B6905/23 D0 FA 7F 6A 8F 60 66 BC AF AE 56 98 C0 D7 B0

@_date: 1997-10-07 11:03:29
@_author: Attila T. Hun 
@_subject: "moderation experiment" (was Re: Stronghold) 
when the whole sordid affair went down, particularly Dimitri's
    charges on faults, and my very strong "discussion" on the
    possibility Sameer may have cut a deal to save his own skin,
    thereby making C2 very insecure and very dangerous, I was
    subscribed to unedited, edited, flame, and announce --sorting     them into separate folders just to watch. the premise was     that none would be dumped: unedited was all, flame was     anything which was not in the edited feed.
    As to sameer, I was not terribly kind as to his general     morality, or the class morality as a whole. the fed hot
    water had mysteriously cooled off.
    unedited was clearly delayed during the day. I never saw
    dimitri's letter, and I would have, since dimitri was one
    of the louder (and, frankly, a bit too vituperative). there
    was a time I read most everything Dimitri posted just for
    the inanities and humour.  Dimitri (dont get a fat head,
    sucker) is more bark than bite; did your mother repress
    you as a child, Dimitri?     I sent one small comment on C2 backdoor possibilities for     ass-saving in the wee hours, it went through. the others
    did not, I thought maybe I had missed it, and checked
    DejaVu and the archives (which are not always the best)
    --so I reposted in the wee hours.
    likewise, tim copied several of his protests which never made
    it to the unedited list.
    so, in addition to the travesty of "moderating" the free speech
    list, Dimitri non-withstanding, they lied to us in regards the
    unedited list.
    as for Sandy's excuse that a few blatant examples from Dimitri
    placed him personally in double jeopardy --that's pure hyperbole,
    and it's fetid. and real low for a man with a law ticket.
    secondly, there should have been absolutely no hold on the
    unedited list and therefore no liability.
    no question in my mind that Gilmore, Sandfort, Sameer, and
    whoever else had their little stinky fingers in the pie were
    trying to censor them all --just in varying degrees. all of
    their actions were reprehensible, and from my standpoint, I
    would not trust any of them to not kick a dog when it was
    down --or even pour kerosene on a cat's behind.
    Bad Day in Blackrock.  where is Spenced Tracy and Gary Cooper     when High Noon really does join The Greatest Show on Earth?
    -------- previous messages follow for reference ---------
on or about 971006:0936     Adam Back  purported to expostulate:
+> > Unfortunately I wasn't on cypherpunks-unedited at the time, but I
+> > thought that it was immediate send out from toad.com without going via
+> > Sandy.
+> +> Going over my notes I see that at least one of my submissions - the
+> one quoting the C2Net lawyer letter in its entirety - didn't appear
+> even on cypherpunks-unedited.
+I think I saw this claim made before around the time of the "moderation
+The only ways I can see that this could have happened are either that:
+  i)  John Gilmore started editing cypherpunks-unedited at
+      request
+  ii) cypherpunks-unedited was edited all along by someone (John or
+i) is sort of feasible, perhaps there are others who were on unedited
+and were counting who could confirm this.  Toto I think was.
+ii) is hard to believe because the fact that something is edited shows
+-- when the editor is sleeping you get lag.
+I'm fairly sure I didn't see the C2 legal letter you posted yesterday
+Can anyone else can confirm?

@_date: 1997-10-07 16:05:21
@_author: Attila T. Hun 
@_subject: Trademarking CypherSpace??? 
1.  you can not trademark something which is in general use unless you     are the general user.
    xerox has made it to the dictionary --it no longer belongs to Xerox     unless it is specific.  Kodak almost lost 'Kodak' in the ant-trust
    lawsuit the Berkey (sp?) processing company filed over Kodak's     prepaid processing on film.  probably kept it with many extra $$
    in the settlement.
2.  if you are the claimant, you must "protect" the trademark against
    infringers
    I can not think of any losses off hand, but it happens.
3.  a word, in and of itself, can not be trademarked; it must be
    identified with a graphical "image" or conjuring.  CocaCola's
    basic trademark is based on the script lettering, another is the     shape of the old bottle, etc.
4.  Asimov, maybe 20 years ago?
any number of other reasons on common usage; they would have been
required to have filed at least prior to CypherNomicon as that is
a substantial work, and well distributed.
it was only a year ago that someone claimed to have been issued
a definitive patent on all means of encryption...   hope springs eternal.
however, it would not hurt to file a complaint with the Patent Office --complaints are free (or they were).
 --
 "When I die, please cast my ashes upon Bill Gates.      For once, let him clean up after me! "  ______________________________________________________________________
 "attila" 1024/C20B6905/23 D0 FA 7F 6A 8F 60 66 BC AF AE 56 98 C0 D7 B0

@_date: 1997-10-08 02:04:46
@_author: Attila T. Hun 
@_subject: Good Old Mel ...the penultimate hacker 
reference to Peter Trei's posting of Mel's super blackjack game.
    Mel was living in a Warner Center condo off Topanga Canyon Blvd in     Woodland Hills CA the last time I had contact with him which is at     least 10 years, before the earthquake which did significant damage     to that area. I checked my old databases for his number, but it
    did not pop out, but I can not scan all...
    I can only presume Mel is still among the living as he must be
    about 10 years older than I which makes him 67+, and he had put     some hard milage on by the time I first met him in '77:  I took
    over, as a corporate hatchet, in a recently purchased division
    (nee: small company), a deeply troubled bleeding edge DC to daylight
    bandwidth test instrument program -- and inherited Mel.
    at the time, when the weather was good, Mel would arrive in a bright
    red Mercedes 450SL; and, Mel is not small. it seems Mel had traded
    his wife in on the car --said it was "...cheaper." Mel's regular
    mode was a 20 year old collection of baling wire.
    the project had DGs so the drums were gone -just 5Mb removable     packs. personally, I never saw a Royal-McBee, but I remember IBM     drums: 250K bytes on the 31 gal barrel size!
    I thought I was a pretty mean assembly hack --until I met Mel. I     hired him in on other projects I was salvaging for other companies     later. his coding style had not changed over the ensuing years: it     worked, but it was virtually incomprehensible to the new generation     of hot shots --only to us old farts who had survived by our wits and     the "cheating" --sort of like turning assembly language into Forth.
    most of us lived in a different world of hacker "social" ethics:
     "Go not unto Usenet for advice, for the inhabitants will say         yes, and no, and maybe, and I don't know, and fuck off, and...."
            --attila
    well, I *am* old enough to be father to most of you, and for the     really wet behind the ears crowd, probably even your grandfather.
    and I have the nicks and cuts to go with it.     ...when unix was a pdp11/45 with three stack registers, bocu     bucks/month maintenance to DEC for only 64K instruction and 64K data
    space, and RP4 (if you were lucky) washing machine drives...
    there was a time when "hacker" was a BADGE OF HONOUR, until some
    asshole sensationalist from Time Magazine or the NY Times had to
    apply "hacker" to Morris and his runaway worm, which started Morris
    down the road to crucifixion for the public good.     so, despite the behaviour of a few bad apples:
        a hacker is a professional in his own world         a hacker's only language is AFL         a cracker is a criminal.
    *****at least fifteen years ago, this was making the rounds:
    1>  What do 'hackers' and 'real programmers' look like?
        No-one knows, they're like graffitists.
    2>  What do hackers eat?
        ... Diet Pepsi, Corndogs, etc.
    3>  What kind of things do hackers do with computers?
        Hackers patch and tweak, Programmers code and debug.
    4>  What kind of computers do hackers use?
        Anything that's available. (they don't always like them)
    5>  Where do hackers live, and what kind of place is it in which         they reside?
        In or near 'The Valley' (pick one) Usually in a rented house,         and in a mess of misc. hardware, listings, Mass media, and food
        wrappings.
    6>  Where do hackers come from?  (High schools, colleges, etc.)
        Most are self taught while going to school for some other         vocation.
    7>  What languages do hackers use?
        Hackers: whatever's available, including HEX and OCTAL,
        occasionally BINARY.         Programmers: C, assemblers, Forth, Lisp, Apl
    7a> What languages do they hackers use?
        Hackers: none           Programmers: Basic, Cobol, Fortran, RPG, Algol, Logo
    8>  In what environment do they function best?
        Late at night with low light levels. (except for the CRTs)
    9>  what kind of computer is for *real* men?
        Real men don't waste valuable time on Intel 86 family assembly         code.
    a>  What makes you respond in such a way?
        The philosophy: 'Less is More', or if I might quote Albert         Einstein: "Everything should be made as simple as possible,
        but not simpler"     and that my friends, is the difference a code of honour makes....
 "In nature, stupidity gets you killed.
   In the workplace, it gets you promoted.
    In politics, it gets you re-elected."
        --attila

@_date: 1997-10-09 00:16:16
@_author: Attila T. Hun 
@_subject: privacy rights: giving away the store 
do you believe this?  so what happened to our privacy?
    the man screams about privacy and encryption one minute,     then:
        Jesse Berst, ZDNet AnchorDesk, full story at             really?
    just what I wanted, a fucking background check.     nice schill, Jesse.  OK, I'll call my broker and buy     Verisign stock.  they're going to be worth bocu bucks
    taking over the fascists' National ID project.
    gee, that's clever.  but The NYTimes, The Times     [London], the Telegraph, and so on, already log me in
    immediately with a cookie I authorized. why do I need
    certified identity?
    even Wired mag knows me as Attila T. Hun.  interNIC
    knows me as Attila T. Hun, I even get mail to my drop
    box as Attila T. Hun....  My check writer can even     print checks as Attila T. Hun (the bank does not care
    what the name on the check is --just the MICR numbers).
    sure, after I enter my password... so what's the big
    deal?  that's all I do now.  automated, too.
    OK, but I still must ID my system with my National-ID     card available from the cookie wash. I dont see any     place to turn it off!     bastards! --they've implanted it under my skin.
    why?  so big government or big business can really     catalogue my political views by the stories I read?     maybe it's my anti-authoritarian, psychotic behaviour     and rants against fascist oligarchies,     or, maybe because I post to Cypherpunks?
    aah haa!  I knew there was a reason for all this hoopla!
    What's good for Bill Gate$ is good for the country.
    ...uuh, sorry Mr. AL (GM) $loan; I meant to quote you
    correctly: "What's good for General Motors is good for
    the country."
    no, jesse, you got that one wrong --the coy fascist dog
    F[reeh,uck] just seized you --and the rest of the
    suckers that fall for Verisign's National-ID.
        attila still going out...

@_date: 1997-10-09 02:49:24
@_author: Attila T. Hun 
@_subject: Fund-Raisers Allege long term DNC Wrongdoing 
Two Democratic fund-raisers have agreed to testify in exchange for immunity that Bill Clinton's presidential campaign in 1992 and the Democratic Party engaged in an array of questionable activities, a House committee disclosed today.
see:     the allegations will cover incidents from 1991 to the     present including Indonesian, Chinese, and other foreign
    interests; details on Peter Trei; influence peddling;
    a letter with Clinton's name on it for a now SE Asia
    head of state, etc.  Big Macs as legal tender. bacon     extra.
    these folks are ready to do some serious singing!     the proposed revelators were convicted and sentenced     on one of the charges and are apparently willing to sing     to avoid prosecution on the rest.
    if they had enough evidence to put them in jail for the
    tip of the iceberg...
    so, when the fat lady sings, and Valhalla incinerates,
    do you think the market will have a confidence crisis?
    too bad stock certificates are electronic; they could     bring on the dancing girls and have a tickertape parade     with the output of the shredders as the fraudsters run
    for cover.
    Wall Street is going to look like Pol Pot came to visit,
    left a few calling cards, too.
    since clinton has been busy tossing Gore to the sharks,     maybe we will have the Grinch as President --he's next     in line.
    at least the Grinch will look better in a Santa suit!
    he may be just in time.
    that might be enough to have the whole infrastructure     collapse; it might be time to close the bankruptcy     proceedings initiated by  Mr. "chicken in every pot"     himself on 09 Mar 1933. ironic that his ad her     intellectual  baggage is being cared for by the
    current occupants of 1600 Pennsylvania --full circle!
    as debtors are absolved when bankruptcy is satisfied
    or liquitdated, do you suppose we can get rid of that
    stupid fringed [admirality] flag and the contract courts?
    maybe even have common law and habeus corpus restored?
    of course, we must remember to hire the Merchant of     Venice's lawyer to save us each a pound of flesh. dang,
    I had old William's plot phone number here somewhere.
    naw, that's too much to ask for; the four horsemen just     came over the horizon...

@_date: 1997-10-13 12:08:52
@_author: Attila T. Hun 
@_subject: GET OFF THE DIME: PGP 5.5: Attitude 
There is one all important consideration in this debate:
        would you rather have PGP, Inc. with its preeminent         stature in the defense of freedom, freeware, and
        privacy as well as an established, TRUSTED product         defining THE system which meets the need of the         free world business, but is not selling out to         GAK or CAK?         or, would you rather see IBM, HP, TIS and others with         their GAK products and potentially even backdoors?
        are any of these vendors even planning to give us         source code so we might have a warm and fuzzy feeling
        until someone blows a hole in it 10 years from now?
        or, how about Bigfoot from the jungles of Redmond?         PGP is the *only* small business with a name for
        the corporate MIS types.
        the answer is simple; stop arguing, squat, and move.
    When I initially composed this message it read:
        now, if the idealists, and the opinionated pragmatists
        would actually reflect on exactly what Jon Callas said,
        starting with Locke, instead of what they "think" he
        said, they might understand the philosophy for data
        storage and recovery which PGP is proposing versus GAK
        or CAK which PGP is not proposing.
        the more vituperative among us can be dismissed out
        of hand as the issue is less of personal privacy than
        it is one of reasonable property protection,         documentation, and defensible security provisions.
    Jon Callas generally stated the problems adequately, and the     solutions or conventions, in the running duels; unfortunately
    Jon is on the wrong side in an anarchic forum: as the bear;
    Jon's protagonists are the dogs, and we all know the results of
    the bear pit. truth was not a problem per se, just reason.
    as I think I made clear in my original FOCUS presentation, GAK     (or CAK) must be dismissed out of hand. The issue reduces to: by
    what means is general responsibility accomplished? most ignored
    my premise, the few attacked for the same reason they always
    attack: crypto-anarchy, take-no-prisoners, or the only good
    JAKer [sic -freudian] is a dead one.
    historically, all of the elements of multi-key encryption
    with separate keys for signing, transmitting, and archiving
    have been available options with scripts or program wrappers     since PGP burst on the freeware zone in its present incarnation.
    Meanwhile, the battles raged on with the defiant pragmatism
    of Adam Back balanced by Bill Gieger's careful affirmation of
    my premises in my prior FOCUS message response to Jon Callas:     there is nothing in PGP 5.5 which can not be done with scripts
    and PGP 2.6. In fact, I stated my policy: session key and
    storage key. I had not implemented a separate signature key,
    but will be limiting my current public key to a signature key;
    and, creating a new encryption key. a good point, and well     taken.
    other than possibly Bill Gieger, not one of the cypherpunk
    idealists, nor rationalists, in this thread has ever been     required to face the realities of an employer.  if they had been
    or are employers, they would understand all the perqs they
    presume are freebies or rights, are mere privileges --including
    personal freedoms not in the interest of the employer during
    company work periods, on company premises, or representing the
    company outside the facilities.
    I empathize with Jon Callas' complaint about the blues, and his     plaintive "wanna trade" comment to Adam, but the blues come
    with the turf; likewise, the position of the buck stops here     gives the idealists another nail for the coffin they have
    conjured for Jon and PGP "selling out to the enemy".
    the occupation of employer can be one of the least satisfying     ways of living; department heads are not far behind --it's all
    about personal (not personnel) relations and diaper changing.
    as a scientist and developer, I never really enjoyed the     boss tasks; more than once, I closed out when my function
    deteriorated to leader of the nursery.
    If PGP, hopefully with support, cooperation, and assistance from
    Cypherpunks, can offer workable and tenable solutions, which can
    satisfy the real needs of business for defensible audit trails,
    and which offer basically the same protection as current paper
    storage trails, PGP may be able to deploy their system as the     *de facto standard* before any of the other systems take root.
    If PGP does not provide workable solutions for business, from
    simple PGP 2.6 to the SNMP managed "enforcer" and a simplified
    "frying the egg" means of establishing filing systems which meet     both the overall needs of the business and the compartmentalized
    needs of restricted area and secure operations, some one else     will --and corporate {a,im}morality applies their myopic vision
    only to the bottom line --GAK.
    for instance, if PGP can deliver *encryption management systems*
    which can provide control of the entire spectrum of corporate
    needs, perceived or real, such as:
      * no key escrow or management key (preferred, obviously)
      * session key with storage key (incl. some multi-key)
            group, department, corporate, etc.
      * multiple public key encryption (foolish for external)
      * limited CAK (certainly not desirable)
      * general CAK (an unreasonable sin)
      * GAK (the unpardonable sin)
    they have given business the *choice* of system management. It     is important to keep in mind that the basic PGP product will
    do any of these formats as it currently stands with external
    controls. different business models have different levels of
    security requirements. hard core cases will buy in because they     understand GAK and their foolish corporate mentality has no
    concern for the individual --get it installed, and the troops
    will push to bring it back to the preferred model using company
    security, not employee privacy, as the argument.      better GAK with PGP than asking PGP to refuse to permit the use     of their product in a GAK/CAK environment. GAK and CAK have no     relationship to PGP --they are a corporate mindset and there is
    absolutely nothing PGP or cypherpunks can do about it --except
    educate the customers that there are far more secure methods of
    date recovery than hanging their shorts out in public for big
    brother to cut the clothesline.
    In other words, why should any cypherpunk, except our resident
    nihilistic anarchist, object if PGP's SNMP system provides
    industry with tools which can deploy the **less** objectionable
    control systems?  or even the objectionable ones?
    if PGP does not or is not willing to provide the systems, and in
    the absence of these tools from an alternative *trusted* source,
    we will see GAK, just plain unabridged GAK, the simplest means to
    control for the Corporate Operations Officer (COO), or some
    other equivalent abomination spreading across the land like the
    ominous black cloud roiling across the land from an oil refinery     fire.
    major corporations, most of them victims of many years of
    litigation, subpoenas, and judgements with their peers and     with the government will just cave in to GAK --it covers all the
    bases, albeit very insecurely, but that is the fire next year:     worry about tomorrow tomorrow.
    despite the general hue and cry of selling out to the enemy     which arose in cypherpunks with the PGP defense department     contract, as long as PGP 5.5 and its SNMP enforcer are
    implemented as Jon Callas claims, that contract may be the best
    government friend this community has today. PGP will be placing     a product which covers the full spectrum of "privacy invasion"
    within the forces of evil.
    there are two ways to define a product in a market of this     magnitude, a market which matches David and Goliath. PGP, by
    virtue of its freeware status is the standard the world over;
    by selling to the enemy, PGP will have proven it can be all
    things to all people --use what you need from it.
    Bubba/Goliath has been rumbling and jousting, but his own parts
    are buying the product that works.  a very critical point.
    secondly, by market penetration, F{reeh,uck} is left standing in
    the middle of street, pulling his short arm.
    but if David fails to hurl that stone, Bubba will hand us GAK.
    the real issue in privacy is where does privacy begin, and     where do corporate rights and responsibilities start, and do     private rights end?
    defined classically: on company premises there is little if any     legally enforceable individual privacy regarding communications.     in NY brokerages, it is well known that brokers have their usual
    company computers, and a laptop with a modem, often wireless.
    if they are overly concerned there is always ssh --not ppp.
    even then, they are on company premises with company power and
    lights....
    however, this discussion is intended to focus on business     communications, not their ethics, or lack thereof and not     personal communications which should be inviolate, and performed
    away from work.
    the corporate paper trace works two ways --proving you did what
    you said you would, or would not do --or as I put it to     subordinates in a hatchetman cleanup: CYA on the sins of
    commission and omission.     proper maintenance of paperwork, in an auditable form, is not     just a sieve to collect fodder for big brother; you can, and
    should protect (or hang, of course) yourself with paperwork.
    Obviously, if you are engaged in questionable, unethical, or     illegal practices, saved paper is dangerous; I can not imagine
    Bill Gate$ archiving notes or email .
    the real goal is "safe" record keeping, just like paper copies;     no-one likes employer snooping (or employee snooping).     unfortunately, the long running trust and honesty of years
    ago is not justifiable today, so there are rules.
    as for government snooping, give 'em a freeway salute.
    whether it is storage keys for Adam, or session keys, whatever,
    the issue is the same: anything you do to abridge the simplicity
    of the key pair is a potential privacy problem --as well as an     additional opportunity for breach of security.     the paper equivalent of one encryption key which can be lost is
    placing the paper copy in an access proof, unpickable safe and
    losing the key --and the safe self-destructs when tampered.
    would these same people place their only paper copy in this
    safe? (probably, since "losing" your key is generally     described only as your bad karma).
    master keys are foolish and I dismiss GAK or CAK out of hand.
    encryption and filing policies which include a session key, a
    department key, or something which gives some sense of
    information security is preferable to the master key.  the more
    diversity, the more security.
    I also believe it is preferable to encode the message twice:     once to the recipient(s), the second with the company provided
    session key, whatever level. the logic is that using a separate
    encoding pass (which obviously must be essentially simultaneous)
    is less risky and a little less tacky than sending a message
    with dual keys --small point, but a consideration. it would     not be difficult to rework a public key pair engine to dump to
    company records at the same time the communication record is
    released.
    as a comparison to the abuses which inherently will evolve with     GAK:  prisoners, convicted felons:  murderers, rapists,
    pedophiles, etc. have more rights than "free" men (even though
    felons' civil rights are stripped for life at the time of
    conviction).
    censors for the incarcerated are only allowed to check incoming
    mail for money, drugs, weapons, eg: contraband; they are not
    permitted to slit the outgoing envelope. in addition to the     regulations, the intelligence level of a hack would not
    understand the shading of allusions in plain text! even Dapper
    Joe Gotti, the Teflon Don, is entitled to the privacy of his
    personal correspondence unless there is a show cause order.
    to be both honest and pragmatic, certainly the privacy rights of
    some of some problem prisoners are violated.
    theoretically, GAK and CAK would be acceptable in a perfect     world, and if the federal government and the rest of the
    information snoops would unfailingly adhere to Constitutional
    "commandments." human nature has proven more than once, and it     will prove it again, it is not likely everyone will be
    incorruptible. in fact, I will go so far as to say that     *everyone* has a price --even Tim May .
    however, anybody who has eyes or ears knows, comprehends, and     accepts that all governments rule by power --even the United
    States; and, that the control of information is the power to
    control. today, it is even more accepted that governments are,
    at best, a necessary evil --and corrupt, paranoid, and nosy
    governments at that; one which will violate your rights if it
    is, or they think it might be, in their interests to do so.
    few do not know that our governments are rotten to the core on
    privacy issues; the US, even more than the other members of     Western society, has been abrogating, and will continue to
    perniciously abrogate, our rights.
    unfortunately, each centralization of the filing system permits
    the government, or lawyers litigating, a clearer path of access.     in reality, encrypted electronic records are significantly safer
    filing cabinets than those filled with paper, but they are still
    records maintained. paper filing cabinets are fast disappearing;
    records are either microfilmed, or converted to bits, or both.     Xerox, for instance, has a combination system which maintains an
    optical image and a scanned text digital image which can be
    processed with pattern recognition, etc.
    people say the damnedest things in email without thinking.     given the ubiquity of computers, data recovery advances, and
    governmental intentions, everyone, whether or not it is personal
    or business, needs to learn the virtue of compartmentalization;
    files need to be organized: separate the necessary documentation
    from the routine and sublime --purge the latter regularly from
    visible system. following this procedure is not illegal if it is
    a regular practice, and, even more importantly, it is not
    performed to obfuscate or impede an investigation, civil or
    criminal.
    fundamentally, the worst thing we can do is permit the government     to think they gained something by necessary business practice on     the way to their perverted goal of transparent crypto. there is     no question they will use their standard ploy that we have     already agreed to backup procedures for data storage safety     --so what is the difference if you permit us to maintain a key;
    remember, we're from the government, and we're here to help you.
    trust me-- yeah, right!     on the other hand, we should be encouraged by the decision of     the European commission to totally stiff the U.S. request for     them to comply with the F{reeh,uck} mandate; likewise, they     chastised the French. The difference in France v. the US is that
    if you do not ask the French government, they do not tell you:     "no".     If the European commission does follow through with their
    intentions, and I have no doubt they will as European
    politicians recognize both security and discreetness, they will
    be submitting EC legislation before the end of the year
    encouraging strong encryption both to facilitate commerce and to
    protect against the criminal elements; they fully realized the
    folly of expecting criminals not to use strong encryption even
    if it is illegal. firearms in the hands of criminals are also
    illegal.     either F{reeh,uck} and Bubba can get off their horses and sell
    the EC hardware and software, or they can lose it all.
    Interestingly. the software will probably be PGP --except the
    revenue will not come home to PRZ, let alone America. Great     trade policy, Bubba. where did you say you're from? Arkansas?
    the actions of the more pragmatic, and obviously privacy
    conscience, European leaders only paints a sharper contrast with
    the intentions of the U.S. government.     have no doubt, the U.S. government is no different than Lucifer
    who intended to remove from mankind any choice. the actions of
    the U.S. government since the Civil War have been an insidious
    assumption of centralized power, including unaccountable police,
    and a systematic plan of supposed emergencies to expand the
    control of the few at the expense of the many.
    when the smoke of the battle clears, if PGP is not its original
    pristine, highway salute to the powers that be "old self," any
    "concessions" in behalf of corporate responsibility will be
    judged on their appearance, not the effectiveness of the
    solution. Then the flaming idealists will sing and dance for
    blood, claiming PGP released the dogs of war, beginning the     inexorable dance to our doom.
    the disruptive class must be put aside (to argue among     themselves) and the rest of need to get down to work:
    we must educate the users, washed and unwashed alike, that     "doing business" is not necessarily cozying up to the devil;
    while simultaneously affirming that we can not and will not
    tolerate arrangements with any similarity to GAK, CAK and the
    four horsemen.
    on the other hand, if the government does not disassemble and     chastise Bill Gate$, I fear Bill's intentions far more than I do
    the federal government, starting with crash prone mediocrity and
    including Gate$' standard no source code policies-- "trust me".
    sure, Bill, I trust you; just come a little closer....
 --
 "When I die, please cast my ashes upon Bill Gates.      For once, let him clean up after me! "  ______________________________________________________________________
 "attila" 1024/C20B6905/23 D0 FA 7F 6A 8F 60 66 BC AF AE 56 98 C0 D7 B0

@_date: 1997-10-14 06:11:51
@_author: Attila T. Hun 
@_subject: Building the Surveillance State 
on or about 971011:1040     Alan  was purported to have     expostulated to perpetuate an opinion:
+>-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
+>Hash: SHA1
+>I predict that nearly every company which enforces the PGP 5.5 corporate
+>snoopware will in fact routinely convert every incoming and outgoing
+>message to plaintext for searching by keywords, topics, etc.
    I really think you are overreacting on this one --sure some will,
    but corporations who reduce employees to a level of "distrust"
    will find the employees doing same as they become inurred with
    the attitude that they are distrusted --so why not?
+>This would be analogous to every phone call, incoming and outgoing, being
+>recorded.     stockbrokers work under those conditions, and have for years.
    dispute resolution
+>Except that instead of having security people _listen_ to each
+>recording,     voice recognition software today easily handle a conferance call
    with more than adequate accuracy to support digital keyword sorting.
    NSA has been doing that for years, and the software is at the PC
    level now.
+>the messages can be glanced at quickly, marked for further
+>review, compiled into dossiers, or searched for the keywords of interest to
+>the security people.
    same reason as above; if you give no level of trust, you will have
    no level of respect or honesty.  employers also realize that the
    "mental health" and attitude of their employees is critical to job
    performance --and employee retention; turnover is expense in more     ways than money.
    to blanket label corporations to scan for keywords in all cases is
    like saying all Southern slave owners were Simon Legree --which is
    patently absurd since destroying or dehibilitating the collateral
    was damaging to their personal finances.  sure, there will be bad
    apples...  personally, I have seen secure facilities where you
    check your fingers in at the desk... and, you need to whiz, you are
    not only escorted to the porcelain, but the security guard will be     right next to you.
+>(Please note that I am not saying such phone call or e-mail monitoring is
+>illegal, or should be illegal. A property owner is free to define his own
+>policies for how he uses his own property. This includes company phones,
+>company computers, and even the time of employees while they are on his
+>premises. The issues are not the legality or ethicality of such recordings
+>and monitorings, but the dangers. And whether people such as ourselves
+>should help build or deploy such surveillance capabilitities. Or work for
+>companies with such surveillance policies.)
    it sounds trite to say that if we do not, someone else will. I would
    rather believe we should be involved in the project to a) try and
    maintain a reference point of "wisdom", and b) even more importantly,
    to *know* there are no further trap doors, etc.  'know thine enemy'
+>I further predict that this will actually _increase_ the amount of e-mail
+>surveillance being done. Whereas today it is of course easy for companies
+>to surveil unencrypted employee mail, I doubt that most of them do. But the
+>adoption of snoopware like PGP 5.5 will raise the consciousness of company
+>security people. "Hmmhh, maybe we ought to buy some of those e-mail keyword
+>analyzers and combine them with our new purchase of PGP 5.5? If our
+>employees are encrypting, we'd better keep tabs on them."
    law of diminishing returns. employers are sensitive to employee
    grousing.  second, if the system is using keyword search, it should
    be coming up blank in personal mail.
    as for the libel message to sue at m$, the message should not have
    been sent --PGP or no PGP.  get a hotmail account!
+>By building in such easily-enforceable snooping capabilities, and by
+>building in such things as the ability to reject even _incoming_ e-mail
+>which has failed to encrypt to the corporate key (as I understand the
+>product), this greatly moves us toward a surveillance era.
+>Is this what "Pretty Good Privacy" really stands for?
    again, get a hotmail account.
    either PGP provides a complete range of control in the SNMP goody
    or systems with less flexibility will be deployed, systems that     are truly GAK.
    the real issue for cypherpunks, and the whole range of the     privacy forums, watch lists, Declan, Meeks, whatever is to
    broadcast the fact that PGP 5.5 can be used for storage key
    levels which most of us are willing to accept.
    stand up and be counted on the soapbox. I have been involved in     crypto since a lot of years before DH and RSA were published. I
    never really thought about separate signature and encryption     keys     I actually encryt very little, but sign everything --and am in
    the process of REXXing a script to sign html documents for email.
    that is the purpose of discussion; even old dawgs can learn new tricks     occasionally.
+I seem to remember that it was just this sort of feature set that Phil
+Zimmerman was grousing about when ViaCrypt came out with their
+"Business Version".  It was used as one of the reasons for his takeover
+of ViaCrypt.
+I guess it shows you just how much influence he has on PGP inc now...
    no, not how much influence Phil has at PGP, but how much influence the     needs of business influence Phil and PGP.
    look at it this way.  the boss is the employee of the customers.
+"We have always supported the needs of law enforcement.  We have always
+been at war with terrorists and law breakers." - Winston Zimmerman
    yeah, right.  dont you mean 'Neville Zimmerman'?
 --
 "When I die, please cast my ashes upon Bill Gates.      For once, let him clean up after me! "  ______________________________________________________________________
 "attila" 1024/C20B6905/23 D0 FA 7F 6A 8F 60 66 BC AF AE 56 98 C0 D7 B0

@_date: 1997-10-14 06:11:55
@_author: Attila T. Hun 
@_subject: D-H Forward Secrecy for E-Mail? 
great idea, Tim. [total previous text follows my comments]
    paraphrase of Tim's basic suggestion:
        ...to consider DH session keying in real time or the latency of         maybe IRC, etc (several seconds?) to be able to dispose of the         session keys which makes subpoenas signifantly more difficult.
    Netscape's default mail setting is to handshake the destination
    server.  eg through sendmail. it will not return until it gets it
    or times out --then it tells you to try later and there is no
    way to file it easily --in other words, a problem to avoid.
    I am presuming the DH keys would be a wrapper on an already     encrypted message, although target machine can re-encrypt to
    recipient on a secure machine.
    1)  sendmail could be modified to do yet another function (essentially         describe in b); or,
    2)  I would prefer to run yet another daemon on every machine at a         specific port with the usual 'who are you' identify sequences,         preferably even changing it to call back to lesson spoofing,         despite the fact additional logic is required to kill denial of         service attacks.
        all that would be required would be the n number months/years
        wait for IETF to agree on a port and the protocol...
        the rest of it is pretty stock at the daemon side. the inside
        is where the fun begins.  If the message is already encrypted,
        (was inside DH wrapper) it can be delivered; otherwise:
        a)  if the machine is secure, the email can be delivered to the
            user's box
        b)  if the machine is the usual, then the daemon needs to use
            a local secret key to encode to the local user's public
            key to maintain an encrypted message.
    complicated? not from my perspective v. some of the other nightmares.
    using sendmail would be the fastest route to enablement, but it     probably would be years before sendmails were updated and aan old
    sendmail could just accept the call and hang one or the other without
    a resolution.
    the more we are wired, the more feasible it becomes.
    it would be nice if the usual store and forward of sendmail could
    be utilized. I think it would be very difficult to use sendmail itself,
    but it should be possible to use an independent daemon to perform
    the same function.  there would just be multiple DH sessions --much     like the cp remailer network; the few times I used mixmaster a few
    years ago, I sent an encrypted packet.
 ______________________________________________________________________
 "attila" 1024/C20B6905/23 D0 FA 7F 6A 8F 60 66 BC AF AE 56 98 C0 D7 B0 on or about 971012:1016     Tim May  was purported to have     expostulated to perpetuate an opinion:
+>Once you acknowledge that it is more secure to have short lived
+>communication keys (which in my view it very clearly is), it should be
+Just what are some of the issues with us getting D-H-type perfect
+forward secrecy with something like e-mail? I assume this must be
+possible, of course, as D-H is used in just these ways. (The Comsec
+3DES phone I have does this, of course.) (To repeat what has already
+been said, forward secrecy means some of the important keys are not
+kept or stored, and so a subpoena at some future time to produce the
+keys used in a communication is pointless. Cf. Schneier for more.)
+First and foremost as a requirement would be the need for a
+back-and-forth communication, in a real-time or nearly real-time mode.
+This rules out conventional e-mail with its long a variable latencies
+for delivery. (Not to mention diverse clients and their inability to
+respond automatically!)
+But IRC, chat rooms, Internet telephony, etc., are all common. With
+latencies of ~seconds, or even less.
+I picture conventional e-mail being replaced, for this application,
+with this kind of system. Maybe D-H forward secrecy systems already
+Forward secrecy might be arrangable even with long-latency links...it
+seems to me. (Through a series of links, compute and store the D-H
+parameters, then use them with conventional e-mail for the "payload"
+--Tim May
+The Feds have shown their hand: they want a ban on domestic
+Timothy C. May              | Crypto Anarchy: encryption, digital
+money, ComSec 3DES:   408-728-0152 | anonymous networks, digital
+pseudonyms, zero W.A.S.T.E.: Corralitos, CA  | knowledge, reputations,
+information markets, Higher Power: 2^2,976,221   | black markets,
+collapse of governments. "National borders aren't even speed bumps on
+the information superhighway."

@_date: 1997-10-14 06:12:15
@_author: Attila T. Hun 
@_subject: CMR paves the road to GAK, and provides no corporate security. 
original message(s) follow my comments:
    1.  agreed that GAK is awful from a security standpoint. it is just
        a huge hole open to abuse by supposedly trusted escrow agents and
        the usual government dishonesty and deceit.
        on top of that, GAK is an unpardonable sin, with CAK not far
        behind.
    2.  CMR does not lead to GAK. let's get the terms correct as to what
        can be done, versus what will be done.
        a)  there will be companies who start with GAK/CAK since it is
            simple to issue an order of compliance.
        b)  there will be companies who need to maintain content audit
            trails a) to prove they either did or did not do as stated,
            b) development records, etc. for instance for patents, c)
            historical customer records.
            hopefully this class will use signature, communications,
            and individual or group storage keys.  the need for encryption
            is paramount on computer systems --it is the equivalent of
            the locked file cabinet, sometimes in a locked secure area.
        c)  PGP today can meet the requirements of GAK, CAK, CMR, or
            just about any format you wish --and make corporate control
            a reality.             I could have a crude, but workable control program which would             prevent the use of pgp standalone as well --and I could have it
            up and running by tonight.
            secondly, add a few modifications to sendmail, and trying to
            slip one through the system is history.
    stating that CMR leads to GAK is the same argument that mary jane
    starts the victim on the road to horse.          -how's that allegorical illusion to blow by keyword scanners?
    likewise, I still believe I would much rather see PGP, Inc. implement
    a SNMP system to mandate corporate policy which can be adjusted from
    zero for the libertarians to GAK for the unpardonable sinners.  at
    least the employees of the latter can protest the ignorance of     management; despite the general attitude that all management personnel
    are the south ends of northbound horses, management is interested in
    calm, productive employees.
    if the government does mandate GAK, and really gets serious about
    enforcing it, there will be a lot of changes, and I for one will
    trade my computer for something more necessary as I build a bunker to         protect myself and children --there will be no government about that     time, or at least a government we will recognize.
        attila out, again
on or about 971012:1153     Adam Back  was purported to have     expostulated to perpetuate an opinion:
+[Padgett, you're Cc'd because I'm quoting something you once claimed on
+Perry's list, I think]
+I agree with basically every word Peter Trei wrote.  It's not often you
+agree with a long post like that 100%, but I could not fault a single
+Contrast that to PGP's Jon Callas's recent posts where I found myself
+disagreeing with a large proportion of both technical and political
+Just a couple of nit-picky comments on various things, and some
+re-iteration of the technical arguments against GAK compliancy (to
+supplement Peter's good political arguments):
+> >* Clipper was a 64-bit key. CMR symmetric keys are full-strength keys (128
+> >bits or more), backed with a full-strength public key.
+> +> A word of advice: don't try to discuss Clipper in this forum without checking
+> your facts. Clipper used an 80 bit key.
+Clipper was definately advertised as a 80bit key, I agree.
+But I did once see someone else claim that it was a 64 bit key, and
+this was by Padgett Peterson, who is usually pretty good with facts,
+though perhaps his claim was speculation in this case.  (I've added him
+to the Cc).
+His reasoning was that the 16 bit checksum (which Matt Blaze
+demonstrated could be brute forced thereby trashing the GAK
+enforcement) would come out of the 80bit key size, thereby meaning that
+it was only an effective 64 bit key.  I suppose this claim if it is
+correct would be similar to DES keys being 64 bit, but 8bits being
+parity (checksum again), and therefor being only 56 bit effective. The
+DES case would set a precedent for NSA design involvement using larger
+"keys" than effective keys.  If this is true, the clipper / skipjack
+system was even more flawed than we believed, as not only was it
+possible to brute force the checksum, but the key space could have been
+brute forced also, possibly without knowing the algorithm either, just
+by buying lots of clipper chips (though I think this would require
+knowledge of the checksum algorithm).  But clearly the NSA could have
+brute forced the traffic in addition to having back doors.
+Of course, I think it likely that the key was actually a 96 bit key
+with an effictive key size of 80bits after the 16 bit checksum.
+Regardless, if Padgett's speculation is correct, I suspect this is not
+what Jon was thinking.
+> > * With Clipper, there was a central repository of all the keys. With CMR,
+> > there is not. I discussed that in detail in my message, "Why Corporate
+> > Message Recovery isn't Key Escrow."
+> +> Once again, you haven't checked the record. Clipper keys were to be split, +> with different halves going to different government agencies. There were
+> fairly elaborate plans to prevent posession of only one half giving an
+> attacker an advantage. Thus there were *two* repositories, not one. +> (From the point of view of the paranoid, this was not much of a
+> comfort - both repositories belonged to the same entity.)
+I must defend Jon a little bit here in that it was fairly widely agreed
+that the wording in some of the Clipper documents (perhaps FOIAed,
+perhaps released normally, don't know) that the NSA would have an extra
+access for "national security" (there's that magic root password to the
+constitution again).  The presumtion a lot of people held was that the
+NSA would have a second unified copy of the split databasee to enable
+this national security access.  I'm not sure of course that this is
+actually ever explicitly admitted anywhere, and it could be that they
+would just have direct access to both split databases, but I wouldn't
+really have thought this was the likely; I suspect the NSA would've
+wanted access without others even with in special wire-tapping courts
+knowing their tapping activities.
+Whether or not this is what Jon was referring to I don't know.
+I agree with the negative political aspects Peter expressed of PGP's
+"GAK compliancy" (as I like to call it) in PGP's pgp5.5 & SMTP policy
+I also think there is a purely technical security case to be made
+against this architecture which I have tried to lay out clearly in my
+post titled:
+	Subject: negative security aspects of GAK compliancy
+Peter made some security points about this also.  I think we should be
+able to win the argument about GAK compliancy purely on technical
+The only vaguely logical objection I've seen to arguing against GAK
+compliancy on political grounds was Hal Finney's assertion that OpenPGP
+should move towards more generalised forms of key assertions in the
+form of PolicyMaker-like key assertions (Matt Blaze has a paper and
+system called PolicyMaker).
+However PolicyMaker I suspect will be a long time coming, and may not
+be supported by all vendors due to complexity, and in addition even
+with PolicyMaker, the same political and security arguments against
+actual use of PGP Inc's GAK compliancy field (or PolicyMaker assertions
+to the same effect) still forcefully apply.  And there are still in
+particular security and political arguments against implementing
+corporate access to mail archives, or corporate sent/received mail
+snooping by using the SMTP GAK compliancy policy enforcer.
+Lastly I would comment that it is sad that we on cypherpunks are having
+to expend so much energy trying to persuade PGP Inc with it's supposed
+pro-privacy stance, and supposedly pro-privacy employees, that they
+should be working against GAK, and even to get them to acknowledge that
+what they are doing is pro-GAK, and big brotherish is an uphill
+PGP Inc with their poor PR management, and hugely insensitive pro-GAK
+moves mean that PGP Inc is pissing away Phil Zimmermann's good
+reputation at a huge rate of knots.
+Wake up PGP.  Look what you are becoming.
 --
 "When I die, please cast my ashes upon Bill Gates.      For once, let him clean up after me! "  "Experience keeps a dear school, but fools will learn in no other."             --Benjamin Franklin
 ______________________________________________________________________
 "attila" 1024/C20B6905/23 D0 FA 7F 6A 8F 60 66 BC AF AE 56 98 C0 D7 B0

@_date: 1997-10-14 06:18:18
@_author: Attila T. Hun 
@_subject: typo & too much time (Re: Stronghold) 
on or about 971013:0133     Adam Back  was purported to have     expostulated to perpetuate an opinion:
+> However another aspect to this argument over credentials is a comment
+> that arose when another person with a PhD who used the title "Dr" in
+> his From line subscribed to the list.  That person was Fred Cohen.
+> His above average education in having his PhD didn't seem to reflect
+> in his posts, and several people commented on this fact.  It seems to
+> be that listing qualifications in From fields is asking for rude
+> comments, or it seems to attract criticism :-)
+> +> I can say I like the practice.
+    ^^^
+typo, I meant to write "I _can't_ say I like the practice".
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
    as I always refer to my degree of {in}competence:
        PiledHigherDeeper
    in Zuerich is was Hr. Dr. Prof....  but then, the Swiss love 'em.
    as for Cohen, he was a fraud, and will always be a fraud. he was
    defrocked of his professors gown for some irregularity.
    he was fun to attack though

@_date: 1997-10-16 17:14:36
@_author: Attila T. Hun 
@_subject: consensus on pgp? can we consolidate for action? 
two of the things I was trying to do in my rant "GET WITH
    IT" on the issues may not have been clear:
     1. as Tim says, let's make sure the OpenPGP standard (which
        in itself I did not address) is for PGP by itself, none
        of the peripheral issues or means of implementing
        GAK/CAK/CMR or the rest of the faloderol.  now, if PGP,
        under market pressure wishes to allow hooks for each of
        the sins from the necessary to the unpardonable GAK
        --that is a business decision.
     2. as far as the proposed SNMP "enforcer" --that is also a
        business consideration.  however, the more PGP is
        willing to listen to some of our voices of reason[1],         the more likely PGP is going to be in the rather         enviable position which at least permits companies to         make a choice.
            [1] by and large, despite the polarity of the
            arguments, this issue with PGP has been one of our
            memorably sane and polite debates with so many
            threads I may need to establish a separate text
            retrievable database!  and it involves one of our
            most emotional issues:  privacy.
    the second point is critical to our interests as well as for
    PGP's stand in the industry as a whole. if the SNMP enforcer     product is carefully designed, it can not only provide     warnings for each level of security but even more     importantly, it does not necessarily need to provide GAK
    functionally in the standard product:
        browsers use plugins --so why not security level         plugins for the "Bad Daddy" SNMP enforcer?
    essentially, the SNMP is a network connected, ie-     communication system, supervisor to one or more "clients"
    scattered anywhere in the network which recognizes Bad     Daddy. some of the PGP control functions are basic, but the
    rest should go on plugin, each relating to a different level
    of sin, forgivable to abominable.
    likewise, the local PGP crypto engine should be built around
    plugins. in this manner, anyone concerned with privacy can     easily check for the presence of the dirty little black     boxes, or hopefully PGP will display a panel of "features"
    (if you can ever call invasion of absolute privacy that).
    plugins today are a nobrainer.
    personally, I would not be willing to endorse a system which
    gives the SNMP Bad Daddy the ability to retrieve my secret
    keys and PGP should permit holding my secret keys on a flop
    of some type -in other words specify a separate location     for the secring which we can not do now unless we move the     rest of PGP environment (at least as far as I have read).     however, if I am stupid enough to put them in a network
    accessible position for the superuser to scarf -- that's my
    problem. for use on network machines, I have a c program     which is effectively a one time pad to make the ring     accessible for as short a time as possible. I was writing
    a c code supervisor which took care of this task rather     neatly with an out of place checksum passwd for the pad     keys but have been sidetracked.
    I think we have all pretty much agreed on the necessity of
    separate signature, communication, and storage keys; Adam
    Back convinced me rather quickly (I was using only a
    separate storage key). there is less agreement on the     effectiveness of GAKing the communications key since some
    form of DH session keys could be deployed and mail is
    transient; eg: GAK only serves the Fed in this case, which,     of course, is what they want.
    I have not seen any further discussion on my suggestion to
    create a sendmail type daemon which implements DH between
    mail clients. this, of course, is on the presumption that DH     is a wrapper for an already encrypted packet,     I also agree with Adam's design on isolating the recovery     aspect from possible GAK outreach. although I will cop a
    plea to sometimes in the back and forth Adam was grasping
    for something which was never going to be there     bottom line: I think the consensus has already formed that
    PGP is not going to be the pristine voice crying in the     wilderness we all hoped to hear; now the issue is, how can
    we shape the product to have a) the most flexibility,     realizing full well there will be brain dead organizations
    who will insist on ordering GAK; and b) have the fewest
    potholes unknowingly enabling some level of pseudoGAK, etc.]
    again, that means focusing the pressure on PGP to keep the
    basic crypto engine pristine, and do the dirty work in Bad     Daddy --and use "visible" plugins.
    I can only presume PGP 5.5 is a fair ways down the pipe to
    delivery, complete with its Big Daddy SNMP enforcer; this     will make it all the harder to influence changes as PGP, Inc.
    appears to have grown enough in size to contain too many
    non-caring v/v real privacy (I have nothing to hide type     ignorance), and even more disappointing, not only technically
    ignorant, but distrustful of technology bureaucrats that     arrive with corporate growth -focused on         a)  closing off the design cycle;         b)  stifling the debate over methods;         c)  shipping product (oh, hell, we can listen to their
            complaints and make changes later...); and,
        d)  recover the vulture capital investors money.      if the foregoing is true, I hope PRZ has the good sense to
    take a walk, selling his stock (to do otherwise would be
    complicit in the deception of PGP's reputation capital).
    regardless of the above, if we as a group, with reasonable
    consensus, are willing to make an assault on the powers that
    be at PGP, Inc. including whatever relevant public publicity
    to heat the fire, there may be action.  hell, if we could     afford it (or Tim feels _real_ generous ), buy a NYTimes     page and all of us sign the "selling out our the constitution"
    with cute little graphics of children being tortured for     their keys.
    another point to consider:  if a majority of cypherpunks as
    a group are willing to "endorse" the pgp product, that may     be an issue worth discussing with pgp.  the only problem
    may be the level of the outside managers and bean counters
    which hold down the front offices, totally ignorant of     anything but feeelthy money; or, more probable, some cp
    subset who have been the primary contributors historically
    on these issues, and I think most of us know who the primary
    thinkers are on this issue are.  obviously we must be fully
    informed and our opinions assessed --even with divergences.
    in the end, I would like to think decisions could be settled
    by consensus, rather than Supreme Court style.     if we (and I say this as: "who's this we...")....
    despite the cynical contempt with which the mass media often
    displays to our attitudes, even resorting to name calling,
    reputation capital is not necessarily gained from main line
    press popularity, and certainly not from government
    "popularity" in this issue [particularly cogent to those of
    us "fortunate" to have received the IRS spam].  FWIW
    of course, I may be presumptuous PGP would even want to hear
    from us, let alone have any form of "Cypherpunks Inside"     (yuk) label on the box! particularly with the round robin     multi-teaming of the sleepless Jon Callas.
        this has been an attila rant...
        attila, out, one more time....
    and: it aint over 'til the fat lady sings, vahalla burning!
 "attila" sig: 1024/C20B6905/23D0 FA7F 6A8F 6066 BCAF AE56 98C0 D7B0

@_date: 1997-10-17 02:40:47
@_author: Attila T. Hun 
@_subject: consensus on pgp? can we consolidate for action? 
after I mailed the rant, I thought maybe the paragraph below
    was incomplete:
#   of course, I may be presumptuous PGP would even want to hear
#   from us, let alone have any form of "Cypherpunks Inside" #   (yuk) label on the box! particularly with the round robin #   multi-teaming of the sleepless Jon Callas.
    should have said
        ..."Cypherpunks Inside" label on the box: of course,         they might it consider it preferable to being labeled:
                "Big Brother Inside"
        this has been an addendum to an attila rant...
        attila, out, again, one more time....
  it aint over 'til the fat lady sings and vahalla is burning!
 "attila" sig: 1024/C20B6905/23D0 FA7F 6A8F 6066 BCAF AE56 98C0 D7B0

@_date: 1997-10-17 23:51:34
@_author: Attila T. Hun 
@_subject: FCPUNX:PGP Key Escrow and Congress 
on or about 971015:1952     Bill Stewart  was purported to have     expostulated to perpetuate an opinion:
 small points of failure mean that it's less likely
 the official who wants to rip off information has access
 the set of information he wants to rip off.  You could argue
 there would be more officials with access, but probably not, since a big
 of information is something that attracts officials far faster than
 boring piles.
    TRUER WORDS WERE NEVER SPOKEN!
        attila
 "attila" sig: 1024/C20B6905/23D0 FA7F 6A8F 6066 BCAF AE56 98C0 D7B0

@_date: 1997-10-18 10:47:26
@_author: Attila T. Hun 
@_subject: consensus on pgp? can we consolidate for action? 
alas, I must have been less than clear with the     statement "sendmail type" daemon.
    as Bill Stewart so aptly stated:
    is an abomination; in fact, about 1980/1 or such, I had a
    reason to carefully exam a few of the internals;
    subsequently, Eric Allman had good reason to be very
    circumspect where he crossed the street.  that
    and the rules set of the M4 macro processor --an even worse     abomination. speaking of Eric, I have not seen or heard for
    many years...?
    as Bill also pointed out, somethings could be done via the
    EHLO extensions, but the limitations would be to great.
    secondly, as Jon Callas points out, there is the option of
    TLS via SSL. however, that takes the wrapper off in a store     and forward situation and you can not control the hops.
    ** what I had in mind: **
    literally a point to point, port to port daemon pair     --operating in a trusted pair mode.     if store and forward was necessary, there would be a
    requirement for a dynamically maintained table similar
    to DNS, and a means of securing the data.  in order to
    implement store and forward, a web of trust would be
    essential, otherwise only point to point is feasible.
    in other words, a system similar in function to MixMaster
    except that it is fully end to end secure --well, as secure     as one can be using the IP carriers, SSL or not.     the are many nuances: for instance, provisions for key     lookup.     in all honesty, I have not been as concerned with all the     possibilities, just the design of and easily installable and
    maintainable daemon to satisfy the basic requirement, and     sufficient hooks to implement functionality without     compromising security.
    meanwhile, our hands are full with the PGP sell-out to the
    man, willing, or kicking and screaming, or even sold out by     the vultures and beancounters with an agenda: money. even     without presuming a current sellout, I suspect the whole
    affair was compromised from the gate --money talks, shit
    walks; and, there are many other unanswered questions,     some which I floated a year ago; regardless, someone is     schilling for uncle.
    in any event, all feedback is sincerely appreciated; none of
    us, weathered and scratched old grizzlies like me, or     cheetahs new to the veldt, have a corner on ideas. to     survive, the old just get meaner, and trade on their     experience.         attila

@_date: 1997-10-20 11:59:59
@_author: Attila T. Hun 
@_subject: pro-crypto govt. people [find] 
regarding ranking military personnel and/or prosecuters who
    were in favour of encryption and anti-GAK, the key issue is
    former -while in rank or in the DOJ they follow the party
    line --and they _know_ what the abuses are. I know more than
    a few, but they a) wont talk about it, b) are ex-spooks (if
    there is such a thing), and c) item 'b' makes them not good     testimonials anyway.
    just get a list of generals retiring in the last 5 years from
    the Congressional record since there is a rank pension retirement
    requirement --survey.  likewise, Bill Clinton fired every single
    on of the U.S. prosecuting attorneys when he took office in 1993;
    same thing: survey 'em.  some career DOJ types who were pretty
    pissed and not likely to view anything Bubba and F{ree,uck} are
    pushing with approval.
    bet you come up with some positive answers. if nothing else you
    might get some quotes; and some the retired generals were pretty
    crusty.  check the man who retired as head of the army 160th
    deep black spec ops group --swore in public, his troops never
    wore regulation, beards, etc. and I think General George S.     Patton IV retired a couple years ago with at least 2, maybe     3 stars.
    they're out there; get a grunt to get on with the research.
on or about 971016:1200     Stanton McCandlish  was purported to have     expostulated to perpetuate an opinion:
 year I recall seeing 1 former prosecutor saying that widespread
 was good and/or that GAK was bad, and 1 military or former military
 of fairly high status saying that GAK was bad. Circa 1994-5 I also
 a military or retired miltiary person of rank reporting that very
 crypto would be a boost to national security.  We could really use
 people's, and similar people's, words in pro-crypto efforts.
 disk problems a while back cost me most of my old mail,
 all of these saved items. If anyone has them and/or knows who these
 are, please let me know.

@_date: 1997-10-25 11:34:24
@_author: Attila T. Hun 
@_subject: M$ coercion -anyone doubt my previous claims of Gate$' immorality 
from ZDNET
    like I have said again and again: Gate$ has the basic TS
    trait of "the rules dont apply to me" in spades.  lawyers
    will add their wildest dreams to contracts; Gate$ carried
    the responsibility to exercise common sense --he did not.
    his overwhelming drive: "veni, vidi, vici" is all consuming.
    his temper tantrums are legendary: classic TS.
    yes, the restriction on planned contacts with the government
    is illegal: it constitutes "obstruction of justice" -in
    fact, I would say it is probably the most prima facie case
    of it I have ever seen. it is a slap in the face to our
    basic concept of fairness and the rule of law.
    I vote that the DOJ initiate the criminal phase of the
    Sherman and Clayton acts.  I have always accused Gate$ of
    having lower morals, and dirtier hands, than Cornelius
    Vanderbilt or Jay Gould.
    the argument that dismembering M$ will throw the computer
    industry into total disarray is bullshit.  No, it will
    permit other operating systems and software to enter the
    market. the divested software components can be distributed
    in much the same way the seven Baby Bells were value and
    AT&T stock was split with each AT&T share being worth so
    many of each component and the shareholders could pick.
    Meanwhile, with Gate$, "to heck with Janet Reno" Ballmer,
    and their lawyers in federal prison where they are
    prohibited from running a business, the software industry
    might return to some well needed diversity since Gate$ will
    not be able to swing his mighty hatchet.

@_date: 1997-10-28 00:29:03
@_author: Attila T. Hun 
@_subject: Tim's worst nightmare.,.. 
here we go again, the AP wire just laid on this morning's
    action at Roby IL --it sounds to close to Ruby Ridge for
    my taste. This is beyond police harassment and save face
    for what was a civil action and will now end up with the
    poor lady wearing a ciminal jacket longer than her life.
October 27, 1997
Woman in Standoff Shoots at Police
Filed at 10:12 a.m.  EST
By The Associated Press
ROBY, Ill.  (AP) -- Gunfire rang out again at the home of a woman
involved in a month-long standoff with authorities who have a
court order to bring her in for psychological testing.
Shirley Allen shot a police dog through the nose Sunday after
officers threw pepper spray into her farmhouse, state police
director Terrance Gainer said.
    well, wouldn't you if the dog is put in your house...
She also fired a shot when police used mirrors on long sticks to
peer in, but no one was injured, Gainer said.
    well, wouldn't you?
Gainer said sound detection equipment had picked up a conversation
Mrs.  Allen had with herself on Friday in which she sounded as if
she was ``moving closer to suicide,'' followed by a long period of
    33 days the lady has stood off a virtual army who cut off her
    power, water, and telephone --wouldn't you talk to yourself     for company. hell, who wouldn't commit suicide rather than
    face the scheiBesturm she faces when they finally "bag" her.
That prompted police to drive an all-terrain vehicle around her
back yard Sunday, break her windows and a sliding glass door,
throw in nine canisters of pepper spray and send in a German
shepherd wired for sound.  She fired once at the dog, Gainer said.
The dog was taken to a veterinary hospital for treatment.
    shit, let's airdrop her a dozen TOW missles. she can put them
    to good use. nine canisters of pepper spray --who the hell     do the think they are? Los Angeles police beating Rodney King?
Mrs.  Allen, 51, has attracted the sympathy of many neighbors, and
her case has become a rallying point for those who compare it to
Ruby Ridge and Waco as an example of overzealous law enforcement.
    she needs more than sympathy, she needs some action!
Gainer said Mrs.  Allen's actions show that she is dangerous and
prove that state police cannot back off and leave her alone
because she is a threat to herself and to others.
    she wasnt dangerous until the bastards violated her privacy;
    all over the fact a greedy nephew wants to get control of
    the valuable 40 some acres. most of the family say she's fine,
    but the liberal press does not report that fairly.
The standoff, about 20 miles southeast of Springfield, started
Sept.  22 when she used a shotgun to resist sheriff's deputies
serving commitment papers obtained by her family.  Relatives said
Mrs.  Allen, a former nurse, had become increasingly depressed
after her husband died of pancreatic cancer in 1989 and recently
began refusing to see or talk to her mother and brother.
    hell, if your relatives are being assholes, you can turn the
    switch off there, too.  a telephone is solely for calling out
    with --and connecting to the net....

@_date: 1997-10-28 00:43:57
@_author: Attila T. Hun 
@_subject: the usual two sided mouth political free speech 
the usual two sided mouth political free speech
    in re: NYTimes letter to the editor, 26 Oct 97
    sometimes I wonder if free speech isn't already muffled;
    the rest of the time I know it is. anytime a politician
    can get a headline, they will stamp on someone's rights.
    common sense has been exerminated more effectively than
    NYC's vermin.
    I dont like my kids being exposed to that "kind" of     material, but I would sure rather it was done in an     educational environment (unless it is some faggot teacher     then advocating homosexual practice). children will find
    that "knowledge" one way or the other.
    You can not condemn "evil" without observing "evil" and     making a _personal_ value judgement which should not be
    reflected in calling for laws for or against.  If the adults
    would stop acting like 6 year olds, and the politicians as 4
    year old bullies, our children might get an education.
    OB Crypto:  maybe the teacher should be distributing this
    material on PGP with individual student keys; the teacher
    can sort out the Christian Coalition and Orthodox Jews early
    on and just forget to include their key --end of problem. So     there is a valid use for PGP in the schools --of course, the     old PGP, not their GAKed sellout.
To the Editor:
Gov.  George E. Pataki's comments regarding Charles Self, the
New York City schoolteacher who distributed a sexually explicit
poem to his students, were transparently political (news
article, Oct.  23).
First, the Governor disassociated himself from ruling on the
matter ("the appropriate sanction is not something for Albany to
decide"), and then jabbed the system that must rule on it ("I
think a letter in a file is not good enough").  It would have
been better to remain silent.
Second-best would have been to remind us of reality:  most
teachers are competent most of the time.  They occasionally make
errors in judgment.  Mr.  Self, reputedly a teacher who
motivates his students, made a mistake -- apparently the first
in 17 years to be placed on the record.
In such matters we ought to set aside the broad political brush
and work to rebuild the trusting relationship that teachers so
richly deserve to enjoy.  The Governor would do well to remember
that politicians are currently held in even lower esteem than
GILBERT CASS New Haven, Oct.  24, 1997

@_date: 1997-09-02 12:11:21
@_author: Attila T. Hun 
@_subject: "French kiss NSA/BXA" 
on or about 970901:1457     John Young  expostulated:
 [snip]
+It looks as though the fall crypto campaign is about to open with a
+rush, worldwide. Stories being fed to journalists, draft regs being
+dealt to collaborators, license approvals for sure bettors. Up-yours to
+all the rest who don't want to, in smooth-tongue Stewart Baker's
+phrase,  "French kiss NSA/BXA."
    French kiss?  kiss my what?  sorry, folks, they will not even get
    my key when they pry my still smokin' weapon from my cooling hand.
  "Experience keeps a dear school, but fools will learn in no other."             --Benjamin Franklin
 ______________________________________________________________________
 "attila" 1024/C20B6905/23 D0 FA 7F 6A 8F 60 66 BC AF AE 56 98 C0 D7 B0

@_date: 1997-09-02 12:11:48
@_author: Attila T. Hun 
@_subject: Diana: is tcmay cp's official rep? 
Diana: is tcmay cp's official rep?
 ______________________________________________________________________
 "attila" 1024/C20B6905/23 D0 FA 7F 6A 8F 60 66 BC AF AE 56 98 C0 D7 B0

@_date: 1997-09-05 02:22:12
@_author: Attila T. Hun 
@_subject: Freeh's ScheiBeSturm 
the even more ominous (and ridiculous) demand which Freeh
    (apparently even more emboldened) is presenting:
        "...And Louis J. Freeh, the director of the FBI, raised
        the prospect of also requiring Internet service         providers to have keys to the data flowing over         their networks. "Law enforcement needs to have a         system for immediate decryption" when a judge         determines it is likely that crime is being or         is about to be committed, Freeh told the         Subcommittee on Technology, Terrorism and
        Government Information. "We should also look at             whether network service providers should have a         system for immediate decryption." ....
    this is nothing short of demanding _three_ key encryption,
    with the third key a _universal_ master key for the men who
    claim they wear the white hats, but tinker with the facts in
    their "crime" labs --whose crime?  "ours" or theirs?  Given
    the historical perspective on abuse of power by our federal
    government (and everybody else down their food chain), this
    is patently absurd --yet they WILL try for it.
    asking Congress to evaluate the technology of information
    exchange, let alone the nuances of encryption, is a waste     of effort in the shitstorm of Louis Freeh's inflammatory         predictions of the four horsemen.  There are not more than a
    handful who have the intelligence to do much other than collect
    bribes.
    why dont the bastards admit it?  all they really want is to wire
    our brains, implant an ID, and enable GPS on us.
 "Experience keeps a dear school, but fools will learn in no other."             --Benjamin Franklin
 ______________________________________________________________________
 "attila" 1024/C20B6905/23 D0 FA 7F 6A 8F 60 66 BC AF AE 56 98 C0 D7 B0

@_date: 1997-09-05 02:50:03
@_author: Attila T. Hun 
@_subject: Freeh is Marked for Deletion 
on or about 970904:0808     Tim May  expostulated:
[snip on Declan...]
+We're in a state of war with these war criminals.
+Freeh must be removed by any means necessary. His calling for mandatory
+(or involuntary) key escrow marks him as unworthy of continued tenure.
+He is marked for deletion.
    Is not the word EXPUNGE what you mean?      suits my feelings, just fine.
 "When I die, please cast my ashes upon Bill Gates.      For once, let him clean up after me! "         --Christian Worley
 ______________________________________________________________________
 "attila" 1024/C20B6905/23 D0 FA 7F 6A 8F 60 66 BC AF AE 56 98 C0 D7 B0

@_date: 1997-09-05 08:38:36
@_author: Attila T. Hun 
@_subject: U.S. Prison Labor 
on or about 970904:1353     bureau42 Anonymous Remailer  expostulated:
+Does anyone have pointers to information/details about U.S. prison
+inmates being used as slave labour for international corporations?
    try:  Linda Thompson     she's been on the kick of prisoners' rights, slave labour, etc.
    for some time.  Linda is a reactionary lawyer out of Indianpolis
    (of all places) --she gets around though on a lot of causes. she's
    not popular with the Feds over any number of issues, WACO for one,     where she has took interesting film footage.
    I've duelled with Linda before; very articulate and very     opinionated. usually good data, too.
  "Experience keeps a dear school, but fools will learn in no other."             --Benjamin Franklin
 ______________________________________________________________________
 "attila" 1024/C20B6905/23 D0 FA 7F 6A 8F 60 66 BC AF AE 56 98 C0 D7 B0

@_date: 1997-09-05 13:11:25
@_author: Attila T. Hun 
@_subject: Show Me the Warheads! 
on or about 970904:2103     Mike Duvos  expostulated:
+In an interview to be aired on "60 Minutes" this Sunday, Alexandr
+Lebed, former Russian National Security Advisor, will reveal that his
+country has lost track of more than 100 nuclear bombs made to look like
+suitcases, and has no idea what happened to them.
+Probably not a good time to visit the Zionist Entity. :)
    that only takes two at most --probably not a good idea to live
    in the top 98 metropolitan areas of the United States --or down
    wind from same.
  "Experience keeps a dear school, but fools will learn in no other."             --Benjamin Franklin
 ______________________________________________________________________
 "attila" 1024/C20B6905/23 D0 FA 7F 6A 8F 60 66 BC AF AE 56 98 C0 D7 B0

@_date: 1997-09-06 14:00:16
@_author: Attila T. Hun 
@_subject: Is Diana News? 
on or about 970905:1853     Tim May  expostulated:
+This is headed for being the biggest news story of 1997, barring, of
+course, an even bigger news story. Get used to it.
+--Tim May
    yeah, but it does not make Diana any less of an airhead who could
    not take the fire in the kitchen.  Diana expected to be Queen on
    _her_ terms and crumpled.
    they may claim she saved the monarchy by her open, loving self. No,
    she trivialized the monarchy with her problems and hung it out to
    dry --looking exactly as it is/was: another average dysfunctional
    family.
 ______________________________________________________________________
 "attila" 1024/C20B6905/23 D0 FA 7F 6A 8F 60 66 BC AF AE 56 98 C0 D7 B0

@_date: 1997-09-06 15:13:07
@_author: Attila T. Hun 
@_subject: Amen! / Re: Mandatory key escrow bill text, backed by FBI 
on or about 970905:2238     TruthMonger  expostulated:
+> This is not simply a proposed bill.  It is an ACT OF WAR.
+> +> It is them or us.  I pick us.
+  I have ordered a semi-automatic keyboard and a Telsa snarf-barrier.
    TS qualified, eh?  a Telsa  snarf-barrier?  now you've done it.
    yes, it is war.
 --
 "When I die, please cast my ashes upon Bill Gates.      For once, let him clean up after me! "         --Christian Worley
 ______________________________________________________________________
 "attila" 1024/C20B6905/23 D0 FA 7F 6A 8F 60 66 BC AF AE 56 98 C0 D7 B0

@_date: 1997-09-11 00:17:39
@_author: Attila T. Hun 
@_subject: medical records next. does it ever end? 
ref:     and, of course, we all know that our friendLY, loyal, trustworthy,
    and obedient police departments can keep a secret and protect the
    innocent.
    NYT lead article today indicates Clinton bowing to LEOs to:
        ...gain broad access to patients' medical records, with hardly         any restrictions on use or redisclosure of the data.           "We recommend that providers and payers be permitted to rely on         the statement of law-enforcement officials that an inquiry meets         these standards," the administration says....
    and we all know the police never lie when theY're fishing!
        The administration proposal would not require law-enforcement         agencies to get court orders or to notify patients when they         seek medical records. Patients would not be assured of an         opportunity to challenge the disclosure of their files, though         the records could later be used against them in investigations         or prosecutions.     fourth amendment mean _anything_ to these petty dictators? has the
    US become just another bananna republic at the interest of the     power brokers?  are we stretching the idea of a republic a bit
    thin?
        "Our recommendations accommodate the interests of law             enforcement rather well," said an administration official who         helped draft the proposal. "The Justice Department got almost         everything it wanted."     THIS is what is wrong with the US! the courts have become     adversarial playgrounds for the prosecutors for the benefit of the     "state"  the old rule used to be if you were _charged_ by the Feds,     start plea bargaining --if you go to court, the sentence will     triple. just "fuck" the concept of innocent until proven guilty, or
    'hey, man, you were arrested, weren't you?'
        Andrew Fois, an assistant attorney general, said, "There has         been no documented history suggesting that law-enforcement         agencies have abused their current access to medical records, or         that existing federal and state law is inadequate to guard         against such a danger."     LIAR!  I'll bet this man would lie to his own mother if it meant
    his courtroom body count ratio increased. What state or federal     law? there is no restriction to LEO access currently; Congress is
    considering bills on protecting access, and the LEOs want total
    exemption from the rules.
    TIME FOR THE INTERMOUNTAIN EMPIRE TO SECEDE FROM THE     UNCONSTITUTIONAL GOVERNMENT IN WASHINGTON.
 --
 "Experience keeps a dear school, but fools will learn in no other."             --Benjamin Franklin
 ______________________________________________________________________
 "attila" 1024/C20B6905/23 D0 FA 7F 6A 8F 60 66 BC AF AE 56 98 C0 D7 B0

@_date: 1997-09-12 03:29:12
@_author: Attila T. Hun 
@_subject: selective prosecution [was Re: House National Security committee guts SAFE, worse than no bill] 
in response to Bubba Rom Dos :
    unfortunately, the US DOJ indulges in "selective prosecution" when     confronted by mass disobedience. there is nothing in the code which     requires them to prosecute a 'class' of 'lawbreakers'.  What they want     is a few high profile targets who will be reported by their captive     pet, the 'press' to set an example.
    the last figures I saw on the feds body count was still over 90% of     those who go to trial. in most US districts, the mere fact the 'guilty     scumbag' was charged by the feds indicates to most jurors (federal     jurors have a tendency to be older, whiter, wealthier, etc.) that the     man in the dock is guilty beyond a reasonable doubt (whose?).     secondly, particularly in the federal courts, you have a man sitting
    36in above you, in a black robe, with an IQ of 50, who answers to:
    "your honor" --and you better believe with all your heart and     soul that the ignorant fool is Judge Roy Bean, the Law West of     the Pecos, himself  --or worse.
    for instance, do you think the feds would ever have a Chicago Seven     trial again?  what do you think the outcome would have been if they
    took 'em down, one at a time, in different courtrooms?  think Tom Hayden     would be a CA legislator today, representing the Peoples Republic of     Santa Monica?
    dont get me wrong --if nothing else, the evidence of the absurdity of
    the feds actions trying to regulate an amorphous global network can
    always be introduced.  maybe enough repetition will get the message
    across.
    and, the actions in Washington are fast approaching the     necessity for the Jeffersonian call to arms:
          "God forbid we should ever be twenty years without a              rebellion."                 --Thomas Jefferson, (1743-1826)     I'm sure you would hav Jefferson, Franklin, Paine, etc out on the
    front line if they were here today (if they did not die from digust
    from what the Fed has become, but the trick is to make sure you
    are not a minority of one:
          "Revolutions, we must remember,             are always made by minorities."                 --Prince Peter Kropotkin (1842-1941)     unfortunately, it will take the foolishness in the face of fire as
    so graphically sketched in 'les miserab' to move Washington off
    their sacrosanct fat asses.
 --
  I'll get a life when it is proven
    and substantiated to be better
      than what I am currently experiencing.
            --attila
  When I die, please cast my ashes upon Bill Gates.      For once, let him clean up after me!
 ______________________________________________________________________
 "attila" 1024/C20B6905/23 D0 FA 7F 6A 8F 60 66 BC AF AE 56 98 C0 D7 B0 on or about 970911:0953     Bubba Rom Dos  expostulated:
+ Also, if need be, a system could be set up in Canada which
+forwards received email to the U.K. and a chain-mail type of campaign +could begun, exhorting people to send a copy of strong encryption to
+the Canadian email address, without referrring to any further
+  This is just a possible example, the goal being to make any possible
+prosecution as convoluted and difficult as possible, just as the Govt
+passes unconstitutional laws that serve their purpose for the ten years
+it takes to get them struck down by the Supremes, and then they pass a
+similar one to accomplish the same unconstitutional ends.
+2. The same type of system could be set up, but programmed to only
+forward crypto products illegally once a certain number of citizens had
+forwarded a small amount of hash-cash (CPU generated funds) to the
+originating computer/program.
+  Several thousand people openly colluding in even a single act such as
+this could be effectively used to provide a challenge to the fascist
+censors. If not successful, then the amount and destinations of the
+exported crypto could be increased to the point of making the export
+restrictions a total joke.

@_date: 1997-09-13 12:35:13
@_author: Attila T. Hun 
@_subject: killing off the looming J. Edgar Hoover gorilla 
the bottom line is simple:  either
    1.  swamp the techno-ignorant fools with hollow traffic
    2.  wait and hope the courts have the balls to enforce the
        first and fourth amendments.
    civil disobedience, despite the Feds learning from the Chicago 7
    trial that selective individual prosecution is more effective to
    strike terror in the hearts and souls of the 'deviants', needs to
    be organized at _all_ colleges and law firms, who unfortunately
    are at least as techno-illiterate as the members of Congress.
    Will Rogers summed it up: "circus? you want to go to the circus?      Why? Congress is in session."
    however, living in the Intermountain Empire, I vote to secede from
    the totalitarian fools that claim they are governing a republic
    with our consent; or, in the immortal words of Thomas Jefferson
      "God forbid we should ever be twenty years without a rebellion."         attila
 --
 "Experience keeps a dear school, but fools will learn in no other."             --Benjamin Franklin
 ______________________________________________________________________
 "attila" 1024/C20B6905/23 D0 FA 7F 6A 8F 60 66 BC AF AE 56 98 C0 D7 B0

@_date: 1997-09-14 12:56:39
@_author: Attila T. Hun 
@_subject: Make GAK or back doors better?  Hell NO! 
no, no, no --we dont try to make GAK 'better' --we dont do it
    at all. fuck them and the dirty horses they road in on.      _THEY_, not us, are the four horsemen of the apocolypse.
    to the despots in Washington, whose fat heads have never seen
    the sunshine, there is only one "gift"  --no code. let them
    find the dirty handed clods to do their own filthy work --if no
    decent programmers are willing to bloody their hands they will
    butcher the program more than they would otherwise, and it will
    be those miserable bastards who will be begging _us_ for mercy.
    if you believe in any freedom -dont be a fucking quisling.
 --
 "Experience keeps a dear school, but fools will learn in no other."             --Benjamin Franklin
 ______________________________________________________________________
 "attila" 1024/C20B6905/23 D0 FA 7F 6A 8F 60 66 BC AF AE 56 98 C0 D7 B0 on or about 970912:1933     "Brian B. Riley"  expostulated:
+-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
+Hash: SHA1
+On 9/12/97 1:31 AM, Anonymous (nobody at REPLAY.COM)  passed this wisdom:
+ [snip]
+>Now think about this: You're Joe Random Govt. Worker at the +>official secret key repository, and there's a budget crisis going +>on - instead of paychecks, you're getting I.O.U.'s. Your terminal +>has access to thousands, perhaps millions, of secret keys. You grab +>one of CitiBank's, forge a few transactions, and 30 seconds later +>your Swiss bank account is a few million dollars fatter and +>according to the digital signature, the transaction originated in +>L.A.. + Please correct me if I am wrong, but could not a GAK backdoor be
+written that will simply permit decryption only of the ciphertext and
+not encryption. Would not this prevent this from happening?
+  Don'tget me wrong. It scares the hell out of me too, but maybe, in
+addition to that various things Tim has suggested we might also
+consider how to make the GAK as secure as cam be to minimize its
+potential for disaster.
+-----BEGIN PGP SIGNATURE-----
+Version: PGP for Personal Privacy 5.0
+Charset: noconv
+-----END PGP SIGNATURE-----
+Brian B. Riley --> +         For PGP Keys -  Send Email Subject "Get PGP Key"
+  "The only thing necessary for evil to triumph, is for good men to +   stand by and do nothing"  Edmund Burke

@_date: 1997-09-17 13:49:10
@_author: Attila T. Hun 
@_subject: Brit conference asks for more cyberspace violations 
*** Fraudbusters seek fresh angles as cybercrime grows
Crimebusters must devise more ingenious ways of combating fraud and
will need new international policing powers to stem a rising tide of
high-tech economic crime, experts say. Delegates at an economic crime
conference in Cambridge, England, this week complained they lacked
the tools and power to take the fight to the organized criminals
whose only barrier was the speed of their modems. Culprits were hard
to pin down, said Rosalind Wright, head of Britain's Serious Fraud
Office. It was harder still to "swat the fly-by-nights," she said.
See      ______________________________________________________________________
 "attila" 1024/C20B6905/23 D0 FA 7F 6A 8F 60 66 BC AF AE 56 98 C0 D7 B0

@_date: 1997-09-20 13:20:34
@_author: Attila T. Hun 
@_subject: Clinton's Pager Hacked 
intercepting the pager signals (effectively in the clear) is
    one thing: breach of personal security for POTUS.
    however, the real issue would be interferring (or even false
    messages) on a single channel system (not even spread spectrum)
    THIS is precisely why the government fears encrytion! They simply do     not understand it; they do NOT want to understand it, and like all     other problems of government, they want to make it illegal and sweep     it under the carpet which will make it go away!  yeah, right....
    the secondary issue is organized government, elected or not, has
    its own agenda: to stay in power.  any empowerment of the mass
    is a threat to their supremacy.  or, as I like to think of it,
    government obsession with itself is like a self eating watermelon.
 --
 "Experience keeps a dear school, but fools will learn in no other."             --Benjamin Franklin
 ______________________________________________________________________
 "attila" 1024/C20B6905/23 D0 FA 7F 6A 8F 60 66 BC AF AE 56 98 C0 D7 B0

@_date: 1997-09-22 04:26:38
@_author: Attila T. Hun 
@_subject: US Senate bans laptops 
on or about 970921:1316     John Young  purported to expostulate:
+To be sure, there are disclosures of red-faced liaisons, the sort
+recorded in hallowed halls and red-flocked boudoirs, that the  TLAs
+(mirroring the KGB) may be threatening Congress with,  in the
+eye-opening publications of Kalliste. See:
+       yes, to be sure the Harvard grad school educated Dr. Grabbe will
    have an opinion, delivered in a cloak, over a beer, at some rowdy
    bar in Sparks NV.  I fear he has delusions of Hunter S.
    hwoever, no one ever said his material lacked entertainment value;
    and all comedy is but the presentation of truth in a loosely     encrypted form.
+Blinking, recording, error-archiving, machines scare the shit  out of
+the the fork-tongue power-aphrodisiacal nymphomaniacs,  not to say
+that the rest of us would act so differently given a  seat in inner
+circles of jerks getting lapdanced on a magic  carpet -- who wants
+that in the National Archives of Perfidy?
    amen
    it is their blind fear that information will not only enlighten the         ignornant masses, but it will make them free, empowering them to         depose the bloated and mutated forms of power which wander the halls
    of the usurped republic's once hallowed chambers.
 ______________________________________________________________________
 "attila" 1024/C20B6905/23 D0 FA 7F 6A 8F 60 66 BC AF AE 56 98 C0 D7 B0

@_date: 1997-09-25 23:16:00
@_author: Attila T. Hun 
@_subject: Good News / Bad News  NOT FUNNY, GUYS 
NOT FUNNY, GUYS
    whether or not this is intended to be tonque in cheek or not, it is
    in poor taste given Jim Bell's circumstances.  that is true whether
    or not you thought he had it coming or not.  regardless of the     implications to government, Jim Bell is a political prisoner.
on or about 970925:0357     A Player To Be Named Later  purported to expostulate:
+Bill Gore, FBI - +"The good news is that we have apprehended Ramon Eduardo Arellano-Felix
+ in return for paying out the two million dollar reward for his sorry,
+ drug-dealing, scum-sucking ass."
+Louis Freeh, Lying Nazi Fuck - +"What's the bad news?
+Bill Gore, FBI - +"We payed the two million to Jim Bell, and he used it to place a
 --
 "Experience keeps a dear school, but fools will learn in no other."             --Benjamin Franklin
 ______________________________________________________________________
 "attila" 1024/C20B6905/23 D0 FA 7F 6A 8F 60 66 BC AF AE 56 98 C0 D7 B0

@_date: 1997-09-26 14:23:59
@_author: Attila T. Hun 
@_subject: Chutzpah!  FBI Calls Privacy Extremists Elitist 
and the worst part of it: the man is so far fucked that he is serious.
    the "man" must have been reprogrammed to forget _anything_ he learned
    about the inalienable rights of 'The Declaration of Independence' or
    the ringing words: "We the people, in order to forge a more perfect     union..." preamble of 'The United States Constitution'.     to stand before humanity, with a straight face and the audacity to
    state:
        "...raising rights for citizens to levels that were         unreasonable and that would have been foreign to         the nation's founding fathers."
    is beyond my ken --and cost me my lunch (just wiped off the
    screen...  forget the keyboard).
    where does our government hatch these asshole fascist police state     hacks?  Jefferson, Madison, Adams, Paine, etc. all practiced     cryptography, in fact Jefferson's thesis was considered 'elegent' for         almost 100 years.
    elitists, my ass! --just knowledgeable enough to know when we're     about to be fucked  --normally, I get kissed in this kind of     'bargain'.
 --
 "Experience keeps a dear school, but fools will learn in no other."             --Benjamin Franklin
 ______________________________________________________________________
 "attila" 1024/C20B6905/23 D0 FA 7F 6A 8F 60 66 BC AF AE 56 98 C0 D7 B0 on or about 970925:2354     David HM Spector  purported to have reported:
+FBI Calls Privacy Extremists Elitist
+(09/25/97; 4:30 p.m. EDT)
+By David Braun, TechWire +MONTREAL -- Extremist positions on electronic encryption are not only
+threatening to normal law enforcement, but they are also elitist and
+nondemocratic, said Alan McDonald, a senior counsel member with the
+Federal Bureau of Investigation, at the International Conference on
+Privacy in Montreal on Thursday.
+Addressing a workshop on how far society should go in trading off
+privacy for effective law enforcement, McDonald said privacy activists
+had fought any balance in proposed encryption legislation.
+"Such absolute positions threaten not only electronic searches but also
+conventional searches for data that has been encrypted," McDonald said.
+Absolute positions on privacy were "pernicious on several levels,"
+McDonald added.
+The absolute positions "handcuffed" law enforcement while also raising
+rights for citizens to levels that were unreasonable and that would
+have been foreign to the nation's founding fathers. Extreme privacy
+positions were ultimately elitist and nondemocratic in that they
+presumed the views of a knowing privacy cognoscenti should pre-empt the
+views of the nation's elected officials and the Supreme Court, McDonald
+McDonald's statements came a day after a key committee of the U.S.
+House of Representatives rejected an FBI-supported proposal that would
+have compelled the makers of encryption products to include features
+that would enable law enforcement agencies to gain immediate and, if
+necessary, covert access to unscramble any coded data.
+Extremists presumed that the citizens could not trust the elected
+government and the Supreme Court to make decisions or to correct
+mistakes if any are made, McDonald said.
+"Based on a theory of potential government abuse, important tools
+commonly used are to be restricted or embargoed," McDonald said.
+McDonald said efforts in the United States to enhance effective law
+enforcement search and seizure capabilities had proceeded without
+harming legitimate privacy concerns.
+In the area of electronic surveillance, McDonald said, privacy
+enhancements had frequently received treatment "superior to that
+required under our Constitution."
+With minor exceptions, neither the laws nor the cases decided regarding
+effective law enforcement or privacy had come about with the view that
+either were absolute in their nature, McDonald said. Law enforcement
+measures had been tempered by considerations of personal privacy, and
+privacy laws had been balanced with effective law enforcement.
+Notwithstanding the substantial threats posed by national and
+international organized crime, drug cartels, and terrorists, the United
+States had remained true to its Constitutional moorings, and its
+commitment to a system of ordered liberties, McDonald said.
+"When people don't know much about electronic surveillance, they are
+fearful of it. But when they know Congress passed laws and the Supreme
+Court reviewed them and that there are numerous constraints and
+procedures, then it makes sense to them. It seems rational and
+balanced," McDonald said.

@_date: 1997-09-27 15:06:30
@_author: Attila T. Hun 
@_subject: Welcome back, Sandy! 
let's see... how do I phrase this?  ...uuuuhhh.
    Hey, I got it!      Toto's lost it! (not that he ever had it)
    some things just never change.

@_date: 1997-09-27 15:12:01
@_author: Attila T. Hun 
@_subject: Compromising the constitution in style [was] Re: Do not pass Go. Mime-Version: 1.0 
on or about 970926:1655     A Player To Be Named Later  purported to expostulate:
    [snip]
+  Why is it that people who would castigate, slander and lynch a person
+who cheats at golf, are so eager to preach 'compromise' with those who
+want to cheat at 'the Constitution'?
    elementary, Mr. Watson: politicians _must_ pass a law, even a bad
    law (so they can go home and say they were doing their job). in
    America they call it "log rolling".
    with few exceptions, todays politicians are a collection of morally     derelict, intellectually bankrupt, ego-aggrandizing inanities.
    power corrupts so vicariously their threadbare cranial vacuities that
    they succomb to the ultimate aphrodesiac: governance; any governance
    will do since the rules do not apply to them. alone they thunder in
    paranoid schizophrenia.
    when the day comes, the tumbrils shall roll to the fantasy of     Saint-Saens Organ Symphony ( --do not ask for whom the bell     tolls, it tolls for thee. (EH) we are closing the 3rd of 5 movements
    and none shall have the loyal lady in Stendahl's 'The Red and the
    Black' to caress their severed heads.
 [snip]
 --
 "Experience keeps a dear school, but fools will learn in no other."             --Benjamin Franklin
 ______________________________________________________________________
 "attila" 1024/C20B6905/23 D0 FA 7F 6A 8F 60 66 BC AF AE 56 98 C0 D7 B0

@_date: 1997-09-28 08:16:05
@_author: Attila T. Hun 
@_subject: PARTY! 
you forgot one important event for 18 Oct:
        my  ex-wife's birthday in 1952
        in one of her former lives she was Anne Bolyn
        unfortunately, Henry VIII had privileges I do not.
 --
 "When I die, please cast my ashes upon Bill Gates.      For once, let him clean up after me! "  ______________________________________________________________________
 "attila" 1024/C20B6905/23 D0 FA 7F 6A 8F 60 66 BC AF AE 56 98 C0 D7 B0

@_date: 1997-09-30 09:24:11
@_author: Attila T. Hun 
@_subject: sounds just like the snitch you are [was]RE: engineering infowar disasters 
X-Mailer: MR/2 Internet Cruiser Edition for OS/2 v1.30a on or about 970927:2154     Phillip Hallam-Baker  left his excrement:
+I suspect I'm not the only person on the list who is responsible  for a
+service that is a regular hacker target. If I catch someone I  really
+don't care what the motive for the attack was. I'm going to look to
+make that person serve jail time.
    I do not advocate infowar disasters or any such, but:
    there is _nothing_ lower than a snitch; you just qualified. a snitch
    is without honour, lower than the thief; lower than the law.
    may you enjoy your visit...  when do you go home to England or whatever
    sewer you crawled from?
        attila  --and check the key
 ______________________________________________________________________
 "attila" 1024/C20B6905/23 D0 FA 7F 6A 8F 60 66 BC AF AE 56 98 C0 D7 B0

@_date: 1997-10-01 13:59:40
@_author: Attila T. Hun 
@_subject: Call to arms against F[reeh,uck] [was] PGP and Hamas v. ZOG 
on or about 970928:1225     Tim May  purported to expostulate:
    [snip Brad Dolan's announcement of Hamas crypto use...]
+But I told you all this several weeks ago. Through sources I have no
+intention of discussing, I discovered that PGP 5.0 is indeed being used
+by the Palestinia freedom fighters in their war against the Zionist
+occupiers of their homeland.  They got 5.0 shortly after it was
+released...and got it their forces by more direct means that that
+"public relations fig leaf" of scanning in source code.
    I'm sure they, like ANY other "terrorist", "undesirable", "foreign",
    "despicable" USG or LEA denigrated "scum" had an unlimited number
    of PGP5 copies the day it hit Egghead, or probably long before, and
    they were all using earlier, more manual, versions before that.     just how long after you walk out of Egghead does it take to send a
    copy to anywhere in the world. Of course, the _approved_ "gentlemen"
    such as the Karen freedom fighters rebels in Burma and other
    "approved" freedom fighters were probably given a hand carried
    copy from our state department.  I wonder if the Taleban fanatics
    received a courtesy copy?
    in other words, our clueless and power hungry, privacy denying     incompetents in Washington missed the boat again. If Hamas
    Liberation Fighters or the Freedom Fighters whatever, can not get US
    encryption, they will be forced to use inferior Russian encryption     --yeah, right!  justice is served?  does Washington really believe
    they can stop worldwide encryption if they stop US encryption.     America, the international 800 lb gorilla bully? Not in this case,
    you can not control crypto with guns anymore than you can forever
    suppress free speech.
    Next, as Tim points out, is the domestic political issue and the     total stupidity of the Clinton administration as they sacrifice
    smart diplomacy to satisfy a vocal and overly influential minority
    whose interests are completely contrary to the American reality. A
    zionist is a zionist before s/he is an American.
    and it is these same activists who will sell out our own privacy and
    security as US LEA and their friends kneejerk themselves into
    banning raw crypto, and castrating the Bill of Rights, justified by
    the hysterical "fact" HAMAS is free to pursue their policies of
    liberating their stolen land with PGP!  HAMAS did it before without
    PGP; life goes on.
+(The Palestinian farmer living in Jaffa, with title going back several
+generations, is not much impressed when a Jew from Krakow arrives with
+ZOG soldiers to expel him from his orange groves, citing the Old
+Testament as his title to the land. Any wonder that he and his children
+and their children think blowing up some ZOG residents is a reasonable
    yup: the United Nations comes in and says that is so; the British
    evicted 300,000 Palestinians from their homes after WWII to cover
    their guilt of the Holocaust [actually, the reason the Brits carved
    up the holy land was to avoid taking all the refugees in], do you
    think that Palestinian farmer cares?  --they're all the same to him.
    kill them all; Allah is just.
    all that farmer knows is that someone he does not know, and for whom         he owes no allegience, says that land his family has had since the     diaspora is not his --he does not know what the diaspora was, and he     does not care.
+I described this use of PGP to some PGP, Inc. employees at the last
+Cypherpunks meeting. Two of them seemed deeply concerned. Apparently
+the "freedom fighters" that Phil Z. so conspicuously refers to, the
+Karen guerillas in the jungles of Myanmar/Burma, are somehow different
+from the Hamas freedom fighters seeking reclamation of their own land
+and destruction of the illegal ZOG state.
    yup, welcome to American liberals.  Read Friedman in the NY Times OpEd     pages: aggression is bad anywhere; unless, of course, the Israelis     are punishing the wicked Palestinians who have the audacity to
    ask for the land they owned for a 1000 years or so to be returned.     how many hundred thousand 'stateless' Palestinians does the King of
    Jordan support and suffer their political restlessness and sores
    from concentration camp conditions? they had homes before 1947.     Now, how many millions of stateless Palestinians are spread around     the Middle East, fermenting like bad wine?  how many generations of
    Palestinians have never known anything except the deprivation,
    poverty, and statelessness of the concentration camps?
    The Czechs, after WWII, forced over 500,000 ethnic Germans off land     they had been a part of for at least 20 generations, with almost     200,000 lives lost. anybody bother about that in history?  after     WWI, the Turks slaughtered the Armenians by the millions --still     denied in history. the list goes on; who's next?  if the US does not
    look after its quickly vanishing ideals, maybe we're next.
    it all depends on your perspective as to who is wearing the white hat;     and the official US position is HAMAS is a terrorist entity --NUTS.     HAMAS just wants what was taken from them returned; HAMAS actually
    started out as an organization to provide schooling and health care     for the Palestinians --and that is still HAMAS' major function.     like Hezbollah.
    Hezbollah has been transformed into a militant organization by the     military occupation of South Lebanon and Israel's support of the
    Lebanese Christian militia.  Hezbollah does not actually claim they     want to take Israel; they just want south Lebanon; sounds to me like
    a resistance movement like the free French in WWII who were legally     terrorists in their own land.  Why should Hezbollah be denied PGP?     we would have given it to the French Resistance.
    For almost 100 years, US governments have "impartially" considered     US foreign interests by the definition that "impartial" means in the
    _economic_ interests of a small class of banker and industrial
    moguls, movers, and shakers --with one major exception:  Israel,
    facilitated via the virtually total ownership and control of US     media by zionists:  NYTimes, Washington Post and Newsweek,
    Time-Warner, CBS, ABC, NBC, Disney, Los Angeles Times...  which is
    more than enough to control not only the media itself, but the
    access to the news itself.
    The concept that the US exports democracy and human rights is, and
    has been, a total fallacy in this century.  The United States     government is the world's largest dispensor of international terror     and governmental meddling --it's only business.
    The democratic ideals which Alex de Tocqueville waxed eloquently
    about American governmment in the 1830s, underpinned by _local_
    government, were washed away with the surrender of states' rights in
    the 14th amendment after the Civil War.
    In this century, the CIA (and predecessors) along with US     financial despots, like old Joe Kennedy and Senator Bush, have had a
    hand in either supporting a Hitler [Bush] or a Stalin [Kennedy] or
    de-stabilizing virtually every government in the world at one time
    or another --including destabilizing the Labour party in favour     of Iron Maggie's interests within the last 20 years.
    with the changing of the guard in Washington, I wonder if Major's     government was destabilized to further Clinton's interests, or to     silence the conservative Brits' derision of Bubba?  notice the tone     of Brit (well deserved) snotting on Clinton has changed since Tony     Blair took office.  +PGP and strong crypto is spreading quickly to many freedom
+fighters...and even some terrorists (even by my definition). Who
+expected otherwise?
    absolutely so. US foreign policy has not been in the interest of the     United States for some time --it has been detrimental to US     interests since Bubba and his blind swamp rats assumed power --still
    thinking after 6 years they are on a campaign trail.
    supporting the Israeli political dictatorship who will take (or
    steal by espionage or reverse engineering US donated hardware) our
    secrets and sell them to the highest bidder is not in the best
    interests of the US.  the US learned nothing from the '72 oil
    embargo. and how the US can justify supporting 3 million _expensive_
    non-citizen units with annual multi-billions of our hard earned     dollars, while gaining the absolute enmity of a couple billion     other non-citizen units is beyond me.
    and Americans at home, even if they have been 'informed" that     America --not necessarily American individuals-- is the world bully,
    often worse than Russia (or the British Empire, which was rather
    fatherly in many ways), refuses to believe the U.S. still believes
    in gunboat diplomacy --to this day.  pax americana!     In one form of another, either by action or inaction --the sin of     commission or omission--, the US has dirty hands in the stinging
    indictment rendered against this century by Kofi A. Annan,
    Secretary-General of the UN, given for the MIT commencement ('97)
      I begin with the struggle between reason and unreason.  When the       history of the twentieth century is written, this struggle will
      figure very prominently in it.  On the plane of international
      affairs, the outbursts of unreason in this century surpass in
      horror and human tragedy any the world has seen in the entire
      modern era. From Flanders' fields to the Holocaust and the
      aggressions that produced World War II; from the killing fields of
      Cambodia and Rwanda to ethnic cleansing in Bosnia; from the
      twenty-five million refugees who roam the world today to untold
      millions, many of them children, who die the slow death of
      starvation or are maimed for life by land-mines--our century, even
      this generation, has much to answer for.
    but-- does this justify limiting the freedoms of US citizens? does     this give Mr. FBI movie personality F[reeh,uck] claim to unbridled
    power of surveillance?  F[reeh,uck] thinks it does.
    does the fact that HAMAS chose a superior US encryption product over
    an inferior international product justify banning encryption? US     enlightened foreign policy, national security, and LEAs think so.
    F[reeh,uck] and his LEA cheerleaders are nothing more than
    yesterdays dumb farmers who locked the barn door after the horse ran
    away. This does not speak well towards encouraging our confidence in
    the Beltway moles, blinded by years in the tunnel vision of power.
    be prepared for another emergency assault on encryption now that     HAMAS is "on board". lock the barn now that the horse is gone.
 --
 "Experience keeps a dear school, but fools will learn in no other."             --Benjamin Franklin
 ______________________________________________________________________
 "attila" 1024/C20B6905/23 D0 FA 7F 6A 8F 60 66 BC AF AE 56 98 C0 D7 B0

@_date: 1997-10-01 14:45:09
@_author: Attila T. Hun 
@_subject: DejaVu: Cypherpunks as Philosopher Kings 
ten months ago: on or about 961218:1123     "Timothy C. May"  purported to expostulate:
+_Direct action_ is what it's all about. Undermining the state through
+the spread of espionage networks, through undermining faith in the tax
+system, through even more direct applications of the right tools at the
+right times.
+When Cypherpunks are called "terrorists," we will have done our jobs.
    [Tim] said this before Christmas last year as an erudite and lengthy
    addendum to my lengthy tome: "Cypherpunks as Philosophy Kings"     that pretty well summed our generally mutually agreed "philosophy".     both were and still are worth reading; anybody who does not have
    copies, ask.
    but cypherpunk terrorists are not violent; this is all about making
    information free and protecting privacy with technology.
    despite the fact the Commerce Committee effectively killed SAFE
    (or we think they did until Oxley tries to tack his amendment
    structure on an appropriations bill in a house-senate conference or
    "manager's mark" procedure (whatever that is)), we can not drop the     due diligence, and the public must be aroused, called to battle.     even if there is no action, prepare for the next fire drill. sow the
    seeds of dissension.
    seems to me we were sure the CDA was dead --except it slipped in with     a manager's mark after the house voted almost unanimously the other
    way (402-12 or something like that). the capitol hill sleeze     took a grand slam NO and reported an even worse yes, making it part
    of a major bill that absolutely was going to pass --and they     have the gall to call that travesty democracy?  Teddy Roosevelt:         "It is difficult to make our material condition better by the         best law, but it is easy enough to ruin it by bad laws."
    Tim's message for Christmas last was the prophetic call for direct
    action; legal action; empowerment action: Robert H. Jackson
    (1892-1954), U.S. Judge:
        "It is not the function of our Government to keep the citizen         from falling into error; it is the function of the citizen to
        keep the Government from falling into error."
    CYPHERPUNKS MUST BE THE JOHNNY APPLESEED OF THE INFORMATION AGE.
    the sleezeball, who intends to make J Edger look like a piker at     surveillance, has the gleam of unabridged power in his eyes. Louis     F[reeh,uck] is charming, even disarming, as he tells a Congressional
    committee:
        "We are potentially the most dangerous agency in the         country if we are not scrutinized carefully." (Jun '97)
    meaning the FBI will be the most powerful [feared] federal agency?
    really?  I thought it was already, although the DEA and BATF have     worked hard for the title, too.
    Supreme Justice Louis O. Brandeis said:
        "The greatest danger to liberty lurks in insidious encroachment         by men of zeal, well-meaning but without understanding."
    and the [London] Electronic Telegraph, on Sunday's front page:
        Mr Freeh has won $370 million (230 million) of
        funding for 2,000 new posts, boosted the number of
        active agents to more than 11,000, and expanded
        open-ended "domestic security operations" from 100 in
        1995 to more than 800.  Twenty-three new FBI offices
        are opening abroad.
    and more:
        But none of this will contain the director's ambitions
        or his power.  He is now believed to be eyeing two
        other "secret police" forces - the Drug Enforcement
        Agency and the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms
        - with a long-term view to a takeover.
    F[reeh,uck] holds the key to the Clintons' ambitions; the Clintons     cite the Roosevelts as their mentors; Hillary even communes with the
    long dead Eleanor. Bubba's stated goals included extending FDR's     "chicken in every pot" --he's just appeasing the crowd now.
    Leopards do not change their spots, but Bubba has shifted to the     right with public opinion; he is just like the leopard: playing with
    his food until sufficient presidential powers have been accumulated     by the default of Congress and the people.
    But, the INFORMATION REVOLUTION now stands in way of the Clinton
    plans; the Internet can destroy the media control now exercised by
    the acquiescence of the five jewish media barons. In fact, it is     destroying their monopoly.
        THE CONTROL OF INFORMATION IS THE CONTROL OF POWER.     Why does F[reeh,uck] hold the key?  Because his job is to sell the     Congress on strangling the information revolution before it destroys
    truthless governments F[reeh,uck]'s masters understand and control.
    Franklin D. Roosevelt was inaugurated on 4 Mar 33 stating:
        "I am prepared under my constitutional duty to         recommend the measures that a stricken nation in the
        midst of a stricken world may require.  These
        measures, or such other measures as the Congress may
        build out of its experience and wisdom, I shall
        seek, within my constitutional authority, to bring
        to speedy adoption.  But in the event that the
        Congress shall fall to take one of these two         courses, and in the event that the national
        emergency is still critical, I shall not evade the
        clear course of duty that will then confront me.  I
        shall ask the Congress for the one remaining
        instrument to meet the crisis broad Executive power
        to wage a war against the emergency, as great as the
        power that would be given to me if we were in fact
        invaded by a foreign foe."
    and, on 9 Mar 33, 5 days later, FDR extracted from an uniformed
    and essentially special session of Congress:
        "Be it enacted by the Senate and the House of Representatives of
        the United States of America in Congress assembled, That the
        Congress hereby declares that a serious emergency exists and
        that it is imperatively necessary speedily to put into effect
        remedies of uniform national application."
    which was based on the War Powers Act (trading with the Enemy) of
    1917 which was hastily revised to include US Citizens which had been
    exempted. Next, FDR "franchised" the banks, "licensed" agriculture
    and so on. But, to render the citizens powerless and to confiscate
    all assets so the national state was the ultimate owner, and
    therefore able to pledge the people for credit to the international
    bankers, the fundamental monetary system changed:
        "Whenever in the judgment of the Secretary of the         Treasury, such action is necessary to protect the         currency system of the United States, the Secretary         of the Treasury, in his discretion, may require any         or all individuals, partnerships, associations and         corporations to pay and deliver to the Treasurer         of the United States any or all gold coin, gold
        bullion, and gold certificates owned by such         individuals, partnerships, associations and         corporations."     which closed the loop and made every US citizen chattel as FDR     pledged the good faith and credit of the United States to the     international bankers --in return, an unbelievable flood of credit     was available since the good faith and credit of the United States     is "We the People...."  but FDR sold us downstream into a debt     financed economy from which there is no escape; we are still there,
    the debt service is destroying any permanent economy AND total
    collapse under the debt load is bequeathed to our children.
    Congress repealed FDR's rubber stamp for the "President" in 1973,
    but the War Powers Act remains, still modified to treat US     citizens as the enemy. and the power of the "President" to make     those regulations, and the automatic approval are enshrined for
    current and future Presidents in Title 12 USC 95(b)
        "The actions, regulations, rules, licenses, orders and         proclamations heretofore or hereafter taken, promulgated, made,
        or issued by the President of the United States or the Secretary
        of the Treasury since March the 4th, 1933, pursuant to the
        authority conferred by subdivision (b) of Section 5 of the Act
        of October 6, 1917, as amended, are hereby approved and
        confirmed."
    The real issue is the President and the fat cat power brokers can     get away with these shenanigans __as_long_as_the_people_let_them__.
    We are still under the Rule of Necessity. We are still in a declared
    state of national emergency, a state of emergency which has existed,
    uninterrupted, since 1933.      FDR's licensing agencies were rather trivial in number; today there     are thousands of them, many with their own administrative courts.     FDR took away our common law when he bankrupted America, which is a     national corporation under the Hague convention (courtesy of Stanton
    and Seward after the Civil War).  Bankruptcy is a contract, and     we are the bait, subject to that court, which is in effect an     Admiralty court, and we are "licensed" to literally exist by FDR's     Social Security Number schema. and every courtroom now flies the     fringed Admiralty flag where habeas corpus is a privilege, not a     right, if it exists at all.
    This is the importance of Louis F[reeh,uck].  He, and Janet Reno as     the DOJ rubber stamp, are holding the collar for your neck. They
    are selling it to you little by little, or even all at once.
    Why Louis F[reeh,uck]?  Madison Avenue style with credentials; he
    can sell the program. F[reeh,uck] is the front man, the schill.
    Machiavelli, in his "Discourses of Livy," acknowledged that great     power may have to be given to the Executive if the State is to
    survive, but warned of great dangers in doing so.  He cautioned:         Nor is it sufficient if this power be conferred         upon good men; for men are frail, and easily         corrupted, and then in a short time, he that is         absolute may easily corrupt the people."
    sleezeball's comments are scarfed by Congress, sleezeball's candor
    rocks their cradles, sleezeball shows them private morality plays
    about a populace running wild with crypto-anarchy, running wild     to burn out the offices of central power...  in other words:
      DEPRIVE THEM CONGRESSCRITTERS OF THEIR FREE LUNCH AND IMMUNITY.
    is it not odd that the more the government tries to abridge our free
    speech rights, the more they want to confiscate our weapons?
        free speech is a weapon of democracy!
        privacy is a weapon of democracy!
        cryptography is a weapon of democracy!
    We are not fighting with guns and explosives this time, armed     insurrection against the power of the Federal government is     suicidal --we are fighting for our lives and the right to live our
    lives with words: the ability to hear those words _before_
    government censors and spin doctors render them useless lies.
    Bubba can not win a war of truth and information; we can/
    The Marquis de Sade:
        Are not laws dangerous which inhibit the passions?         Compare the centuries of anarchy with those of the         strongest legalism in any country you like and you will
        see that it is only when the laws are silent that the
        greatest actions appear.
    however, anarchy is the key word that ignites even the ACLU against
    your cause; it even makes makes bedfellows of Pat Buchanann and the
    homosexual/priest/congressman from Massachusetts...      pure anarchy, by definition, does not work, anyway. forget it. get     the concept out of your systems as it inflames everyone and all     other reason is lost in the screaming and police batons.      Even Teddy Roosevelt called for the complete extermination of
    anarchists, to be hunted like vermin. give it up; or go to your
    private island and fly your rattlesnake flag. even Anguilla will not
    tolerate anarchists.
    just give us our REAL constitutional rights as Franklin, Madison,     Jefferson, Adams, and friends intended; give us constitutionalists     on the Supreme Court, not bleeding hearts, statists, and central
    power freaks. get the Feds out of cradle to grave big government and
    let the people determine their religion and morality.
    give us freedom of speech, freedom to bear arms, freedom from     unreasonable searches, freedom not to incriminate ourselves, and     repeal the 14th Amendment so we can have states' rights again.
    if our Constitution were permitted to govern as it was intended, and     the states obeyed the precepts endowed to not further limit the
    rights of the people, America would be the home of the free, not big
    government, not freeloaders and the welfare state; not the leftovers
    of a once great nation.
    give us the rights Abraham Lincoln cherished lovingly:
     "Those who deny freedom to others deserve it not for themselves."
    let _them_, not me, live the downside.
    George Washington, in his farewell address, warned:
       "... change by usurpation; for through this,         in one instance, may be the instrument of good,         it is the customary weapon by which free         governments are destroyed."
    cypherpunk philosopher kings: pick up your picks and shovels, get     your hands dirty, and start digging in; it's going to be a long and     difficult campaign and the tactics needed to expose F[reeh,uck]'s
    true intentions as the schill for the Clintons who are schills
    for the elitist leading the destruction of American democracy.     The Congressional compromise love match season isn't over yet; the
    schmoozers and lobbyists, like so many furry rats, still wander the
    dark halls and tunnels looking for the last, late in the season,
    clandestine and obscene fuck.  any whore will do.
    lobbyists have long reputations for selling out the interests of
    their paymasters; the lobbyists are so much a part of the Washington
    culture that they have _no_ morality or moral position --it is all
    about who they can claim to have influenced --what difference does
    it make if it is contrary to the client --the art of the deal,     protect their own position and find newer, richer clients --whores!
    logrolling and porkbarrel voting --but never go home without a deal;
    used car salesmanship: get your man.
    I can hear the lobbyists whining now as they are called on the     carpet:
        "aw, come on Mac, we got you a compromise from LEA demands..."
    never realizing that there is such an action as NO bill, they sell     out half our rights blocking legislation which would never happen.
    they claim they got back half. what half? --some unknown half that     we _never_ lost!  that is why:
        The 10 Commandments contain 297 words. The Bill of Rights is         stated in 463 words. Lincoln's Gettysburg Address contains 266
        words; and:         A recent federal directive to regulate the price of cabbage
        contains 26,911 words. (The Atlanta Journal)
    send the quisling Neville Chamberlains to the gas chambers!
    the public needs to be educated, not in crypto, but in the horrors of         an oligarchy which intends to destroy the fundamental freedoms on     which we stand.      publish his credit records; publish his medical records --tell his
    neighbors about his visits from Child Protective Services... then
    Joe Coach Potato will figure out he needs something
        AFTER he figures out there are fuckors and fuckees,         and he's on the short end of that stick. [pardon my French]
    then, and only then, will the masses understand privacy --when they     have lost it.     either we show the people before they lose everything to uncle,
    or...    just dump it on the table to show everyone just how much
    uncle knows about _you_.
    Attila's thought for the day:
      Now, with a black jack mule you wish to harness, you walk up,       look him in the eye, and hit him with a 2X4 over the left eye.         If he blinks, hit him over the right eye! He'll cooperate.            --so will politicians.
    Louis F]reeh,uck], did you really state this hoping everyone would     think you are joking?         "We are potentially the most dangerous agency in the         country if we are not scrutinized carefully."
    Louis F[reeh,uck], you obviously know that telling the truth, before     the truth is really the truth, disarms your opposition since they     can plainly see that it is not true.
    there is a limit to what you can endure before you must stand to     be counted --so I will loudly echo Tim's sentiment: +When Cypherpunks are called "terrorists," we will have done our jobs.
 --
 "Experience keeps a dear school, but fools will learn in no other."             --Benjamin Franklin
 ______________________________________________________________________
 "attila" 1024/C20B6905/23 D0 FA 7F 6A 8F 60 66 BC AF AE 56 98 C0 D7 B0

@_date: 1998-08-05 11:47:02
@_author: attila 
@_subject: Jim Bell Latest 
lots of deletions.
    IM!SHO, Jim is committing the ultimate faux pas in federal court --the
    issue of 'conspiracy' as it implies the judge is part of the conspiracy.
    of course, I dont consider the issues as conspiracy anyway --they are
    nothing more than a government abusing its powers and the fact the
    citizens have abrogated their own rights by failing to make government
    accountable
    the wonders of a public defender...  Kaczinski's lawyer pulled the same
    abuse of privilege (except again IM!SHO, TZ outsmarted them all as even
    in his apparent paranoia driven state, his powers of logic were stil
    present --and there is reason to doubt his implied state of insanity
    in so much as his notebooks showed bitterness and a bloodthirsty desire
    for violent retribution.
    OTH, Bell definetly lacks sophistication, or a reasonable sense of
    logic; if there is a mental illness issue, it is not the place of Bell's
    attorney to overrule his client's wishes --Bell is entitled to be the
    fool....
    but even worse, sliding into the federal prison systems psychiatric t
    evaluation program is a one way ticket --all bets are off, and all
    sentence termination dates are off-- release is at the whim of the
    government. if, for instance, Jim is sent to Springfield (MO) or     Rochester (MN), the cell blocks are essential solitary confinement     rows --if you werent nuts when you arrived, you are or will be...
    Jim's attorney may have been well meaning by asking for help of Jim,
    but he sure as hell did not do him any favours.
    still whipping a dead horse.  Jim's AP essays were not an evidence
    of insanity- a little asinine, but certainly not insane rantings.
    many members of the list can say: "there but for the grace of (insert
    your favourite whatever), go I."
    exactly to form...
    this is one of the travesties of the Public Defender system; Jim will
    be evaLuated only by the US Prison system (which has a vested interest
    in maintain the numbers (despite the current 24% overcrowding figure I
    saw quoted the other day).
    there will be no report actually representing Jim's or his families
    interests.  there will be no period when an outside investigator can
    evaluate Jim when he can be absolutely sure the government has not
    loaded him with Thorazine     an undiseased mind looking out through the haze of Thorazine must be
    terrorizing; the victim clawing at the walls of the cranium --or so
    it was described to me by my Tourettes' Syndrome victim son who was
    given same in an acute facility  --I had been in hospital with     bronchial infections and did not see him until two weeks later at
    the resident school I arranged-- absolutely terrifying; the Haldol
    was discontinued immediately; absolutely unbelievable what it did
    prisons and other institutions love Thorazine class drugs for     troublemakers --instant passivity, and in Jim's case, an obvious
    means of declaring him criminally insane which is a life sentence
    in the federal system, one way or another.
    I wish Jim luck, he needs it; I dont agree with his "politics", but
    I also do agree with their punishment of his inadequacies and childish
    pranks.
_________________________________________________________________ attila__
    To be a ruler of men, you need at least 12 inches....

@_date: 1998-08-22 16:29:43
@_author: attila 
@_subject: conspiracy of bombed and bombers --add Monica's cigar. 
now, we all know that government is a business which needs the
   support of the people.  is a terrorist organization any    different? both need the hearts and heartbeats of their "subjects".
   given Bubba's need for a little war to satisfy his carnal love
   of sex and control, he calls bin Laden and tells him: "Lay one on me,
   Buddy! They're closing in on me because of this wench Monica".    so, bin Laden bombs a couple embassies and digs a few new bomb    shelters in the forbidden hills of Afghanistan...
   good business relationship. bin Laden gets the U.S. people psyched
   up and willing to give up more of their rights and freedoms to Bubba;
   and bin Laden gets loved by even more of the Arab populations who are
   just goat droppings to their despotic governments but who send their
   gold and young martyrs-to-be to him.
   "The plan worked like a charm, Buddy!"    "No camel dung, Bubba! let me know when you want to remodel some more     embassies!"
   "OK, Buddy, next time I'll send you a Monica scented cigar!"
   What's Monica got to do with the conspiracy? thought you'd never ask:    about an hour ago Matt Drudge laid this one on the net (this one will    cost six embassies, not just two):
DRUDGE REPORT
By Matt Drudge
Sat Aug 22 1998 14:22:02 ET
MEDIA STRUGGLES WITH SHOCKING NEW DETAILS OF WHITE HOUSE AFFAIR
**Warning: Contains Graphic Description
In a bizarre daytime sex session, that occurred just off the
Oval Office in the White House, President Clinton watched as intern Monica
Lewinsky reportedly masturbated with his cigar.
It has been learned that several major news organizations have
confirmed the shocking episode and are now struggling to find ways to report
the full Monica Lewinsky/Bill Clinton grossout.
Media Bigfeet are trying to reconstruct one sex session that
reportedly took place as Yasser Arafat waited in the Rose Garden for his
scheduled meeting with the president!
According to multiple sources close to the case, President Clinton
allegedly masturbated as Lewinsky performed the sex show with his cigar
in a small room off the Oval Office. It is not clear if Clinton or Lewinsky
kept the cigar, or if Lewinsky testified on the specifics of the encounter
before a federal grand jury this week. Lewinsky's testimony has been described
as graphic, and included unusual practices.
The DRUDGE REPORT has now been briefed on these shocking details
that have stunned all those who have heard them and investigated them --
details that now threaten to completely disgust and stun the American electorate.
The White House refuses to comment on any DRUDGE REPORT
    go not unto usenet for advice, for the inhabitants thereof will say:
      yes, and no, and maybe, and I don't know, and fuck-off.
_________________________________________________________________ attila__
    To be a ruler of men, you need at least 12 inches....
    There is no safety this side of the grave.  Never was; never will be.

@_date: 1998-08-22 22:37:58
@_author: attila 
@_subject: GPS used to monitor commercial drivers (fwd) 
so, how long before they add the device to our cars?
DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION
Federal Highway Administration
49 CFR Part 395
Global Positioning System (GPS) Technology
AGENCY: Federal Highway Administration (FHWA), DOT.
ACTION: Notice of interpretation; request for participation
in pilot demonstration project.

@_date: 1998-08-25 14:48:30
@_author: attila 
@_subject: illegitimate America 
I heard Clinton's voice for the first time -really- at the barbershop     on Wed. I thought he was labeled a great speaker --his accent is one     thing, but the resonance I expected was more nasal and hard (despite
    the fact he was on the attack).     one thing was immediately apparent from his body language --mean,
    a wounded jackal, and the ominous signs of a dirty fighter just below     the surface. he should have been a circus barker or patent medicine
    hawker.
    I dont remember what Clinton said as it was just the usual accusations     of persecution. a made for TV president? I suppose, when you consider     what TV, the potentially great teacher, degenerated to: nothing
    more than bread and circi, gladiators and moral decadence. the average
    six year old has seen 2,000 murders, many of the graphic --and then
    we wonder why the current generation has no concept of the value
    of life, or that death and sex are easy and maybe interchangeable?
    I read part of Clinton's text --no speech writer in Washington, even     the real slime-balls, even James Carville, would, on camera, skirt the     whole issue, not even admitting to the concept of a sexual affair;     dismissing the faked apology in 30 seconds and then spending 3 1/2     minutes in a fierce, partisan, false-premise attack on Starr.
    there was a NYTimes story on Jordon.  apparently Jordon dropped
    a bomb with the grand jury stating he had been deceived by Clinton.
    likewise, Betty Currie hung him out to dry and that she had been
    used. Jordon was not willing to take the fall for Slick Willie, or
    even be a part of deception. Jordon has been around too long, and
    is a respected part of the Washington legal crowd (well, as     respectable as lawyers can ever be...).  Betty Currie, black, is
    known as a Christian, righteous and dependable, the last stop before
    the boss for years --she came with Clinton from Arkansas.
    that man is dangerous....
    Ambrose Evans-Price is back in Washington --I suppose for the kill;
    expect him to really start digging again to finish his prior work.
    Bubba is a 3 year old who has had a toy (which he stole from a 2
    year old) taken away from him, and is truculently throwing his
    tantrum as if his g_d-given rights to rape, pillage, and burn were
    being trampled.
    I have subscribed to the oft stated presumption that Clinton is
    an illegitimate Rockefeller --Lawrence, Winthrop's brother. Hot
    Springs and the countless door openings. the story of a William
    Blake, a traveling salesman, was pure swamp-water; they picked     Blake since he was dead --remember the second half-brother
    (paternal) which turned up right after election whose mother     actually was married to Blake --sure like to see a DNA comparison.     As a pure Poor Southern White (trailer) Trash, Clinton would never     have been given the opportunities he received. Bubba has the strange     mix of the trailer trash he really is and the connections of the     Rockefellers. Clinton is not the only extremely intelligent     child to grow up in an Arkansas trailer park, but he is probably is
    the only one to do more than wear his CAT or Mack cap backwards.
    my friend, foreign correspondent Eric Margolis said yesterday:
        ago Clinton would be undone by personal scandals in his second
        term.  I didn't need a crystal ball.  Having observed Clinton's
        career since he followed me by two years at Georgetown University,
        I knew he was a ruthlessly ambitious politician, whose utter lack
        of honesty, character, or honor would one day bring him low.
    consider the book Primary Colors, of which (joe?) Klein has been
    unmasked as the writer:  it exposes the total lack of character in     both Bill and Hillary --total amorality, riding scandal after scandal     with plausible denials. affair after affair... and there is a
    white-black child in Australia, but the mother is silent --money or
    fear?  more DNA anyone?
    someone else made the comment that the women consider him a likable
    rogue --soap opera. Clinton plays the women like violins, pressing
    all the hot buttons of the 25-45 class and they give him a 20-25%
    edge, a figure quoted by many polls and, of course, it was enough     to dump "just plain ol' dull George".
    Margolis made another interesting (and obvious) comment:
    	Far from the wronged, last-to-know wife, Hillary Clinton is an
    nothing we have not known, but better stated.
    a way of life... can you even consider the Clintons a dysfunctional
    family?  --it's more like something out of Charles Adams. Angela
    Houston played the perfect Hillary, and her sleazy husband fits Bill.
    it makes you wonder about Chelsea. there she was on the tarmac with
    her father, ugly as ever, but up front. she may have looked like
    she had been whupped by an ugly stick (normal), but she sure wasn't
    hiding --how can she return to Stanford this fall? being the daughter
    of a sitting President isn't easy --but Chelsea? (...and we thought
    Amy had a tough time...).
    more Margolis:
    "...lawyers, the curse of modern America" --yes, the U.S. has honed
    their skill to a new and deeper cesspool, but the lawyers have been
    with us from antiquity --the Pharisees, for instance.
    well, let's see if my 1986 prediction, even before the name Clinton
    burst upon the national political scene, falls into place. Bush could
    very well be the last U.S. president to finish his elected term. any
    way the game plays out now is a potential disaster. Clinton is not
    going to leave office willingly or voluntarily and Hillary's FBI
    files will just be a beginning for the Republicans --even the NYTimes
    and Washington Post will end up looking like the National Enquirer
    in this blood bath.
    a)  impeachment: James Carville will have a field day opening the
        if Al Gore, with his unfolding problems, moves to 1600
        Pennsylvania, the welfare state will roll out of the garage and
        take off --the military falling	into disarray, unprepared and         unsupplied to keep the lid on Pax Americana.  America is not
        loved, probably not even by the Brits as they hang in there now     b)  assassination: I dont think the country could survive another
    c)  accident:  there is a joke running around about Clinton visiting
        Clinton said that yes, that would be a 'tragedy' and asked
    this begs the old joke of how do you create a "flood"...?
    Janet Reno has been protecting Al Gore for some several years, but
    the pot is beginning to show foul smelling fistules. the campaign
    funds sleeze which oozes out of that pot will cripple the Democratic     party --the fund swapping with the Teamster president's election     fund alone is pure racketeering, while the Chinese connections are     treasonous.  and the Democrats will retaliate in kind.
    you cant vote the politicians out of office --the inbred
    two-party (supposedly) system is self-sustaining with reformers     learning very quickly that reelection is dependent on playing the     line, with few notable exceptions.  this collection of power
    hungry thieves drops sleeper legislation into unrelated laws,
    legislation which now brings us a national ID card by fall 2000,
    complete with biometrics, credit record, driving record, criminal
    record, medical record, and whatever else they want to slide in     --the mark of the beast is upon us and "the number of the beast
    is six hundred  three score and six". [RV 13:15-18]
    the American people can not win a war against Washington; Clinton and
    friends would not hesitate to use UN troops against American targets;
    and who can supply a rebel army today? is Russia going to help the
    "patriots" with arms and supplies and provide the clandestine
    radio/TV facilities?  besides, Clinton's Gestapo is root out and
    exterminating the militias. militias composed today of only of the
    foolish brave.
    that leaves massive civil disobedience --such as withholding taxes.     but joe six pack and friends are never going to accept what that     means --the destruction of the U.S. infrastructure and the consequent     invasion of America by her "friends" to divvy up the spoils and     subjugate what's left of the population --probably less than 50     million when the cities collapse and are wasted.
    unfortunately, joe six pack will be trying to tune in another sitcom
    when it all collapses --when the cold beer runs out, he will only
    be confused.
    pessimism? I dont think so.  the question is "when?"     the cards are all on the table:  world economics, Islamic jihad     (the cruise missiles coalesced the divergent groups into even more
    hatred), irresolvable corruption in virtually all national
    governments: total instability in Russia, the Japanese "house of     cards" with a gangster compromised political system which will not
    force the changes required, and China about to pay the piper for
    her financial cronyism.
    the "conspiracy" theorists have no clue. there is no conspiracy.
    it's nothing more than greedy men around the world, in concert     with corrupt governments who have taken away any semblance of     civilization's morality.
    the worldwide unfunded paper credit is bigger than even the     central bankers can even conceive, let alone handle; it is estimated
    that 80% of the float is in paper copies of credit card debt and
    checks traversing the system. a 10% loss is enough to level most
    balance sheet. even Microsoft with its ill-gotten filthy lucre
    could not sustain a 20% write off, or an  80% collapse.
    a global crash this time around will cripple mankind, plunging the     globe into starvation and disease as the infrastructure implodes.
    the U.S. is the most vulnerable --how many can be supported in the
    population centers? who survives? probably less than 1% of the     urban population --lack of water, food, and sanitation; the last
    is the real killer.  much of the third world lives in squalor;
    but their mortality rate will only be set back 50 years.
    armies move on their stomachs and require enormous supply trains of     food and ammo. America settled two European wars (plus the Japanese)
    by being able to feed and arm both our armies and those of of our     allies.
        cranking out a new B29 every 30 minutes --48 per day-- that's
        production, and Rosie the Welder. and the knowledge, in wartime         Germany, of another B29 every 30 minutes --from one line, was
        was demoralizing as the payloads were devastating.
    you cant do that when your infrastructure is being bombed by the
    continuous flow of more and more U.S. B24s and B29s  --ask Germany.
    and then people wonder why I live in the Intermountain Empire --but
    probably not far enough from its borders.

@_date: 1998-02-03 02:09:05
@_author: Attila T. Hun 
@_subject: Dr Dobbs crypto CD 
on or about 980202:0940, in <6B5344C210C7D011835C0000F80127668B1610 at exna01.securitydynamics.com>,     "Trei, Peter"  was purported to have     expostulated to perpetuate an opinion:
    pure bullshit. that would have been easily enough     remedied --get another contractor or invest $3K for top
    of the line equipment (<$1K if you dont mind fiddling)
    and do it yourself.     there may be a problem on their part to pay for the
    mastering and the first press run.  if that's the case,
    a few of us should try to acquire their publshing rights
    and get the job over with.
    1) the creditor lawyers?
    2) more likely the Feds under EAR since there is code
       on the disk and they know full well the mean time
       to export is <60 minutes.
    the first option is solvable as in the contractor     problems.  the second option, well...  you know the     drill.
    maybe Peter Junger would like to front this and add it     to his open ended actions with the Feds?
    whatever...  but let's DO something; anytime I can get
    reference material in a searchable, displayable format,
    I've already got my wallet open.

@_date: 1998-02-03 03:03:51
@_author: Attila T. Hun 
@_subject: The Continued Attack on Cash (Was: "The Right of Anonymity"...) 
on or about 980202:0109, in <199802020709.BAA27402 at einstein.ssz.com>,     Jim Choate  was purported to have     expostulated to perpetuate an opinion:
first, the use of the credit union includes your SSN and
they have a total cash transaction at least on your primary
expenses.  if you have "consulting" income which can be
converted to cash, and dont deposit it, then you can do you
'high on the hawg' living with the cash --until they bring
the IRS CID along and look at your 'imputed' income which is
almost indefensible in their kangaroo courts.
secondly, you have not dealt with a federal case where there
is implied evidence as they find a clerk in the usual store
you use...
 [snip]
    what are you getting for $1500? out here in the boonies     we dont see those kind of prices.
    well, in the first place, you live in Texas where the
    attitude to the Feds is rather strong --not as strong as our
    attitude in rural Utah where the usual transaction is in
    cash.  out here, a Fed is the same as a revenuer in Eastern
    Kentucky or Tennessee.  reminds me of the Fed approaching a
    child and telling him he'd give him $5 if he took him to his
    father (still) --the boy asked for the money up front. when
    the Fed asked why, the boy said: "...'cause you aint coming     back".
    I did-- tried to lay $14K out for a Mercedes (25 years ago).
    they wouldnt take it.  so I went and picked up two $7K
    cashiers from two different banks.  same thing with a pair
    of Lycoming IO540 aircraft engines:  2 8s and a 9 --stay
    under the $10K transaction.
    of course, if you want to take care of the problem:  use a
    chartered blind "Queens' trust over an Antilles NV, a Dutch
    BV, and an FL AG --of course with a friendly banker who just
    arranges to have the bill paid from a correspondent US bank
    --and who pays your European American Express card for
    you...  need cash under $10K?  use an FL bank card.
    Both the Antilles and Dutch banks are porous, so they
    remain shells paid from the bottom up.
    so where is digital cash?  probably the most amusing article
    on digital cash is the Neal Stephenson article:  "The Great
    Simolean Caper" which was in:  Time Mag's Special Issue,
    Spring 1995 Volume 145, No.  12.  yes, it presents "our"
    side of it, but shows the backside and obvious ammo for
    Freeh...  it does not seem to be available on the Time
    server, so anyone who wants to read it:
             until we really do have a virtual country and virtual     cash, they will always be able to trace it.  As I     understand it, the banks keep a record on anything over     $1k cash which means there is a master list which can     be sorted and filtered. over $10K you must fill out the     IRS form; for international you are required to file
    Dept of the Treasury form 515.

@_date: 1998-02-04 01:39:50
@_author: Attila T. Hun 
@_subject: the best justice money can buy --Lessig suspended 
I really do not believe this --this is bought justice
    as appeals courts never, or at least rarely such as a     blatant in the case of a blatant error in a capital     murder criminal trial, interfere with a sitting federal
    judge.
    the damage is immense; it delays the first round of
    adjudication by at least 5 months. if I were Joel Klein     I would go for the jugular and file action for an     immediate divestiture of M$ including injunctions
    against operations and management by Bill Gate$ and
    Steve Ballmer. the appeals court would probably suspend
    the actions, but they would still be there and on the
    table.     Jackson at this point will be furious --hopefully he
    keeps total cool. the obvious next move on the part of
    M$ will be to have Jackson disqualified for bias. that
    will make 2 judges in the DC circuit who M$ has wasted.
    Royce Lambert refused to accept the 1994 plea bargain
    --obviously M$ would ask him to recuse if his name came
    out of the barrel; theoretically, cases are assigned by
    lottery --in reality, you can influence the choice of a
    judge as the cases are assigned at the time of filing by
    rotation. --M$ obviously is capable of shopping for a
    judge.
    at this point, I would say M$ has won the game. W98 will
    be released with IE4 as the desktop, complete with push
    channels and  --at that point, Jackson --if     he is still the sitting judge-- will be forced to make a     bad law decision if he tries to block it on the 1994
    agreement: the product is 'integrated' --M$ had the     foresight to hoodwink the DOJ --Royce Lambert saw     through the smoke screen but the appeals court removed
    him from the case.
    so... we will have multiple choice of OS: M$ on Intel,     M$ on SGI, M$ on Alpha --and SUN goes down the tubes as
    they will never capitulate.  M$ will bury IBM with their     NT alliance with Ahmdal who clones all the IBM iron     --which is fading against the clustered servers. IBM     long since gave in on OS/2 versus M$ --it may figure in     their corporate strategy, but unless they are willing to
    update past Netscape 2.02 they will lose that as well
    --in fact you can no longer any of the IBM PCs with OS/2
    preloaded --except by special order: in quantity.
    Bill Gate$ for President?  might as well... maybe Lee     Harvey Oswald will come to the rescue.
Lessig appointment suspended
By Dan Goodin, C|Net
February 2, 1998, 6:40 p.m.  PT
A federal appeals court has immediately suspended the
appointment of a contested computer expert charged with
collecting and weighing evidence in the antitrust case the
Justice Department has brought against Microsoft.
In a ruling handed down late Monday, the U.S.  Court of
Appeals for the District of Columbia granted Microsoft's
request to halt, pending further review, the proceedings
before visiting Harvard Law School professor Lawrence
Lessig.  U.S.  District Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson
appointed Lessig a "special master" in mid December, giving
the computer and Internet law expert until May 31 to
recommend factual and legal findings in the high-profile
The one-page ruling is a significant--but by no means
final--win for Microsoft, which repeatedly has objected to
Lessig's appointment.  In briefs filed first in district
court and then with the court of appeals, Microsoft
strenuously has opposed the designation of any special
master in the case, but has argued further that Lessig is an
inappropriate choice because he appears to be biased against
the software giant.
In a sternly worded order issued two weeks ago, Jackson
denied Microsoft's request, calling the allegations of bias
"trivial" and "defamatory."  Today's ruling by the court of
appeals is in stark contrast to Jackson's order, and may
indicate that the three-judge panel assigned to hear matters
in the case sees things in a different light.
Rather than permanently halting the proceedings, today's
ruling is an agreement only to consider Microsoft's
challenge to the special master--known in legal parlance as
a writ of mandamus.  In a sign that the judges may be
inclined to agree with Microsoft's arguments on the issue,
however, they handed Redmond an additional win by
immediately halting the proceedings scheduled to take place
before Lessig while the challenge is being heard.
"It is extremely unusual for a court of appeals to reach
down and stop what a district court has ordered," said Rich
Gray, an antitrust attorney at Bergeson, Eliopoulos, Grady &
Gray.  "The court of appeals is saying, 'We're interested in
hearing more about this, and in the meantime, we're going to
put the special master on hold.'"
A Microsoft spokesman agreed.  "This is a very positive
step, but it's only one small step in a long process," said
Jim Cullinan.  "We look forward to presenting our evidence
to the appeals court as well as the trial court."
The court of appeals already had agreed to hear a separate
appeal, in which Microsoft is fighting a preliminary
injunction Jackson issued in December that requires
Microsoft to separate browser software from its Windows
products.  Today's ruling consolidates both motions into the
same April 21 hearing.  It also requires both sides to file
additional briefs concerning the special master challenge by
April 7. Moreover, the government must file its opposition
to Microsoft's appeal of the preliminary injunction by March
2, and Microsoft must respond to that brief by March 9.
Justice Department representatives were not immediately
available for comment.

@_date: 1998-02-04 01:40:48
@_author: Attila T. Hun 
@_subject: too little too late: SPA takes on M$ 
this might have been a good action in so much as they     are well entrenched, in part on M$' money, as Washington
    lobbiests. now, with Lessig's role as the court     appointed expert suspended by the appeals court until a
    21 Apr hearing (submissions due in early April), their
    voice will be lost in the court action. any action they
    stimulate with Orrin Hatch's judiciary is a) too late;
    too slow --at least two years; 3) of little consequence     as Congress can not legislate against a specific company
    --they can legislate by regulation against an industry;     and, 4) more importanty, the Appeals Court castrated
    Johnson's order for the special administrator.     still, it is another voice; even though the guidelines     are bland, there is no mistalking who the target is;     and, in typical M$' fashion they are threatening to drop
    their membership instead of renewing in August.
    there are three areas where M$ is exercising monetary
    influence, even control of the agenda, in legislation or
    justice: the DOJ action with their crying to Daddy (the
    appeals court), the SPA guidelines which they intend to
    force SPA to withdraw, and as part of the closed circle
    negotiating the rules on intellectual property and trade
    for the Western Hemisphere free trade zone --closed
    meetings.
    as I said: Gate$ makes Cornelius Vanderbilt look like a     choir boy.
Software group takes on Microsoft By Courtney Macavinta
February 2, 1998, 5:05 p.m.  PT
As the federal antitrust lawsuit against Microsoft barrels
forward, a prominent high-tech trade association tomorrow
will release a list of competition principles that strike at
the heart of the case and angered the software giant.
The Software Publishers Association (SPA) hasn't officially
responded to the Justice Department's accusations that
Microsoft violated a 1995 consent decree by requiring
computer makers to bundle its Internet Explorer browser as a
condition of licensing its Windows 95 operating system.  But
the new guidelines echo some of its smaller members' and the
government's complaints regarding Microsoft.
The SPA's guidelines come one day after New York State's
attorney general said he and ten other state prosecutors
subpoenaed Microsoft for evidence of potentially illegal
bundling of Windows and Internet software.  In addition, the
Senate Judiciary Committee and regulatory agencies from
Japan and the European Union also are looking into
Microsoft's business practices.  (See related story)
The SPA says it set out to develop the principles to define
its role in the fair competition debate, which focuses on
its largest member.  The SPA has been sought for advice by
lawmakers in the past, and it states that the new principles
are intended to "guide government officials" in antitrust
Hitting home with Microsoft foes, the SPA principles state:
"Operating systems should not be used to unfairly favor its
own products and services, or its favored partners, over
those competing vendors.  The operating system vendor should
not include its own services or products as part of the
operating system or user interface unless it gives the same
ability to integrate products and services into the
operating system to competing vendors."
The SPA went on to state that "the tying of certain
applications to the sale of other applications has the
effect of restraining competition among independent software
vendors for the 'virtual shelf space' of [PC makers]."
Dominant operating systems also should not "favor Internet
content" that it owns or licenses, according to the
The principles say that healthy competition is reliant on
equal access to retail customers.  On the other hand,
pre-announcing products that do not exist yet, so-called
vaporware, stifles competition.
Prior to developing the principles, the 1,200-member group
surveyed its domestic members.  Of the 164 that responded,
anticompetitive activity was a top concern.  As reported in
January, the issue also took the spotlight at two scheduled
meetings in Santa Clara, California.  The SPA's Government
Affairs Committee even met with Joel Klein, the Justice
Department's lead attorney in the lawsuit against Microsoft.
Microsoft fired back today, calling the SPA's process
"short-sighted" and the publication of the principles
"self-destructive."  The company also quipped that it is
undecided on whether it will renew its SPA membership, which
expires in August.
Although Microsoft was present at the SPA's California
meetings last month, so were some of its main competitors,
such as Novell, Netscape Communications, Apple Computer, and
Oracle Corporation.
"It's unfortunate that a handful of Microsoft's competitors
are trying to use the SPA to drive a wedge into the software
industry.  This whole process has been such an obvious
attack on Microsoft," Mark Murray, a spokesman for the
company, said today.
"I think the primary impact of this is that the SPA will be
discredited, and that it will weaken their ability to serve
as a legitimate voice," he added.
The SPA knew its principles would be searched for hidden
meaning regarding the Microsoft case, but the group contends
it wasn't targeting the company.
"The principles are not intended to prescribe remedies that
might be applied by federal and state antitrust enforcers to
any particular company or set of circumstances," SPA
president Ken Wasch said in a statement.  "Nor are these
principles a call for general regulation of our industry.
Rather, the principles reflect an industry consensus of how
some business practices promote or impair strong
Still, for a group with no regulatory power, the SPA's
opinion will hold some weight.  The group is expected to
testify before the Senate Judiciary Committee when it holds
hearings on issues of competition in the high-tech industry
this year.
Moreover, the new principles amend the organization's
existing guidelines, which were presented to the Federal
Trade Commission during a hearing two years ago.  During the
hearing, the SPA advised the government to carefully
scrutinize companies that allegedly impede others from
getting space on retail store shelves.  The SPA also took
the position that owners of dominant operating systems
should release essential technical information to other
developers.  Both points remain in the new eight-point plan.
The remaining SPA competition principles include:
Maximize innovation to benefit consumers.
The owners of dominant operating systems should license
their "interface specifications to any third party for the
purposes of developing application software."
"Barriers" should not be put up by dominant operating
systems that limit consumers' or hardware makers' ability to
reconfigure their desktops or utilize any software or online
content services.
Software vendors "should not intentionally disable, cripple,
or otherwise interfere with the intended functionality and
execution of other products."
Operating systems should not prohibit Web sites from
"exploiting the access capabilities of competing products"
or force sites to display and promote their products.

@_date: 1998-02-04 16:34:57
@_author: Attila T. Hun 
@_subject: The Continued Attack on Cash (Was: "The Right of  Anonymity"...) 
statute of limitations has run. at the time, I did not
    give it much thought except the aggravation of filing the
    paperwork for what was a common business transaction. It
    was actually easier to get cash in las vegas than a cashiers
    check as the banks were so pissy.  the casinos were far     better than the banks once you established out of town
    credit with them --and they were 24 hours a day, 7 days a     week. I wanted those aircraft engines bad --the vendor in
    Chicago had the only two available for close to six months
    and he had agreed to sell them to Canada but was waiting
    on the letter of credit --the casinos wired the money direct     which turned the deal --the engines were on a return flight     the next morning --a Saturday. transferring money from a
    casino is not the best place in the world for obvious     reasons, despite its expediency.
    structuring transactions is certainly illegal now, but I     have not seen that kind of money since retiring after
    having had a run of bad luck with my health a few years     back (and lost my FAA medical cert).

@_date: 1998-02-05 05:04:25
@_author: Attila T. Hun 
@_subject: the best justice money can buy --Lessig suspended 
on or about 980203:1222, in ,     Tim May  was purported to have     expostulated to perpetuate an opinion:
    after they extract the usual treble damages in antitrust
    litigation, Bill will probably retain significant
    assets, but he probably would not top the list of the
    very wealthy, and might not even make it.
    no, in fact, if there were a free market remedy for M$'
    monopoly, I would be in favour of it --and there is _no_
    free market remedy and failure to act promptly     conceivably wipe out all, or virtually all, of the     viable competitors.
    the purpose of antitrust legislation is solely to
    remedy an injustice caused by a private market segment
    which became a monopoly.  divestiture for M$ would
    generally be along the lines of AT&T except it would
    focus on divisions rather than regions; secondly, it
    would obviously restrict Gate$ involvement in more than
    one despite any stock ownership and might require Bill:
    a)  to sell all stock in units he does not control;
    b)  take his payout in stock from one unit only (less
        negative market); or,
    c)  he may not have enough left after Sherman Act         penalties to be a major stockholder --he might
        actually need to suffer through stockholders
        meetings like the rest of the CEOs.
    I would never advocate seizing assets for redistribution
    vis a vis Mugabe or whatever the despot's name is --what
    a waste-- if uncle Sam redistributed we would have
    Microsoft-Harlem, Microsoft-Watts, etc.  shit, I had to
    stop typing after the mirth of that thought!
    as for the government running _anything_ --how far do we
    need to look for the nearest government excess and total
    mismanagement, featherbedding, and corruption?  not far
    (you, Tim, on a non-clear day cant see very much from
    your hilltop --out here on the high desert ridges in So.
    Utah it is CAVU the vast majority of the time-- and I
    still cant see any as Feds are like Revenuers in KY).
    there are multiple issues:
    1.  Microsoft's almost good enough (for the market)         operating systems which probably should be         considered what we called firmware 25 years ago.  at
        this point >90% of the platforms run M$ in one form
        or another and as you acknowledge, SGI, DEC, and so
        on are all hedging their bets --which will become
        reality as soon as they open the floodgates.         in software, the sheeple follow the Judas goat to
        Redmond.
    2.  Microsoft "software"
        a)  office suite  --already 95% of desktop market
        b)  data base --maybe should be included in a) but
            Oracle, Sybase, IBM, etc have large installed             bases at a much higher cost per unit on servers
        c)  browser --certainly will be at 80% before year
            end as all OEMs so far have indicated they will             not cross M$ and switch. that leaves the rest of
            it up to the ISPs who could care less.
        d)  back office  --M$ moving in on this one real
            fast and it is now part of NT distribution--             which then requires the browser and webserver
            for installation and maintenance.
        e)  web servers, firewalls, routers, etc.  --M$ is
            already getting the web servers with NT
            distributions and is poised to tackle firewalls
            and router dominance.  I question that they can
            ever configure NT on any hardware to do
            routing/switching effectively, efficiently, or
            competitively against dedicated hardware given             the new >1G switches.
    3.  M$ in cable systems.  cable systems are always cash
        poor from infrastructure expense.  M$ is buying in         and therefore influencing the choice of settops
        --and their format-- witness TCI. this further
        establishes M$ in the determination of standards
        --obviously to the detriment of everyone else-- and
        the FCC has mandated the boxes must be compatible
        across the board in a couple years and we all know
        who negotiates dirty and hard
        the only saviour in this one may be Time-Warner
        which so far is moving ahead with its 2way cable         system from Scientific Atlanta with a sparc chip,
        etc.  T-W has 2.5 million boxes on order and is
        planning extensive deployment 3rd quarter which         is at least 12 months before M$ can even beta test
        with TCI     4.  content...
        a)  msn which so far is harmless, but what would
            happen if Gate$ absorbed Assholes on Line?  or             really pushed MSN at POS and OEM.
        b)  msnbc which apparently still enjoys editorial
            censorship only from the usual channels of our             non-free press.
        c)  reference bookshelf in which the latest revision
            of the EnCarta encyclopediae described Gate$ as             a "philanthropist"  --cheap son of bitch only             coughed $100 million towards school internet as
            long as it was M$ product. he may have been
            better termed a misogynist (before he was
            married) given his terms of usage....
        content is where we really start to worry more than
        Bill's money, which has already bought influence:         the WSJ editorial page article by Bill striking back
        at the DOJ, the NYTimes column, the books, and the
        rest of the demigod worshipping media.
    Gate$' fortunes have been changing:  Gate$ now has for
    more enemies than his money can buy friends.  even the
    SPA has turned against him with their white paper on
    fair competition which is a direct shot across Gate$'
    bow --and Gate$' response was that their membership in
    SPA might not be renewed in August --economic threat.     The DOJ has expanded their scope and will probably file
    significant actions shortly (hopefully before the 21 Apr
    appeals court hearing)
    next are the states, eleven so far including NY, TX, IL     and CA where they have very definitely aggressive AGs.     and CA's is pissed over the sweetheart deal the CSU
    system gave M$ to supply everything as the "official
    vendor" of the CSU system which has 20+ campi and how
    many million students?
    complain about a McDonalds' generation?  shit, that's     only your stomach, not your mind --and at least there
    are other choices for food --I personally have never
    eaten at McDonalds; of course, that does not say much as
    I have never owned a television, either.
    we already have an M$ generation.  they all learned on     PCs and they all programmed to PCs and windows with
    their private APIs.  this is exactly what creating a
    positive feedback, self-enhancing market place does:     McDonalds grabbed their stomachs with their playgrounds,
    etc. and M$ twists their minds.
    BOTTOM LINE:  Gate$ manipulation, scheming, red-dog
    contracts, etc.  make Cornelius Vanderbilt look like a
    choir boy.  Gate$ style of management with Steve Ballmer
    as the heavy and Gate$ trying to cover his geekness as
    the "aw shucks" boy next door has had the curtain pulled
    to show what technically amounts to a legal "conspiracy"
    to dominate multiple markets, both vertically and
    horizontally.
    as such, M$ and their executives actions fall directly
    under the guidelines of part B of the Sherman Antitrust
    act which includes the usual penalties of divestiture,
    treble damages, and _criminal_ penalties.  secondly, M$
    and Gate$, if convicted of violating part 2, could then
    be construed as a "corrupt" meaning malicious intent
        the difference between misfeasance and malfeasance
        is that in the latter you were intentionally fucked
    which qualifies for RICO prosecution as well.  in     addition to the extremely severe criminal penalties, RICO
    does provide for confiscation of ill gotten assets
    --this would apply to Gate$ monetary gains, including
    his stock, which could be forfeited.
    frankly, I think it would be most amusing to see Gate$
    and Ballmer receiving the customary "3 hots and a cot"
    for such offenders and to need to work for a living like
    the rest of us when they earn their freedom.
    the fact that RICO could apply does not mean that it     will be trundled out --but it would be fitting justice.     I will never denigrate Gate$ determination to build M$
    and to proliferate the computer, which he did, a little
    too well.
    --but Gate$ crossed the line:
    Gate$' instinct set him on the path that competition
    means forcing everyone and their ideas (those that he
    did not steal, literally or figuratively) from the     marketplace --Bill can not compete; he must "own" the
    market.  William Henry Gates III expects to be crowned
    "William III" --see my rant on 16 Oct.  on DejaVu or:
          not to be crass about it, but Gate$ has served his     purpose and outlived his usefulness --his defense
    against the DOJ, his further market actions while under
    attack, and his intent to trump the moot with Win98 are
    actions of a petty dictator; give Bill a shiny new
    uniform from a Napoleanic banana republic and let him
    prance around.
    any more of Gate$ not only becomes tiresome, but     hazardous to our health.  give me the hook...
    there is no free market remedy for M$' control of the
    market place as the consumer will not boycott something
    which a) costs them money do so; and, b) for which there
    is no ready substitute. the only alternative is to apply
    the anti-trust laws in the general interests of     society which does not mean government ownership or
    management.
    M$ stockholders may either make or lose money depending
    on the valuations the market assigns to each of the     divested divisions --but that is a risk you take in the
    market if your greed exceeds your wisdom. ask any VC,     whose greed is only exceeded by his fear.

@_date: 1998-02-05 05:43:29
@_author: Attila T. Hun 
@_subject: HUMOR: Bill Gates gets it, PRESERVED for the FUTURE! 
yes, it does.  he still looks like a geek.
    and since CNN archives are spotty, it is now preserved for the
    future.  (available tonight)
            made my day!

@_date: 1998-02-05 06:05:07
@_author: Attila T. Hun 
@_subject: The Continued Attack on Cash (Was: "The Right of  Anonymity"...) 
on or about 980203:1053, in ,     Robert Hettinga  was purported to have     expostulated to perpetuate an opinion:
    that, and         "Americans do not buy for quality, they buy for price"
    as John Ruskin said:
    1.  those who buy for price alone are this man's lawful prey.
    2.  the price of oats is significantly cheaper when it has been
        processed by the horse.

@_date: 1998-02-05 06:28:09
@_author: Attila T. Hun 
@_subject: The Continued Attack on Cash (Was: "The Right of Anonymity"...) 
on or about 980203:1003, in <01BD308B.1A566960 at slip-james.lcs.mit.edu>,     "James O'Toole"  was purported to have     expostulated to perpetuate an opinion:
    in the U.S. the _best_ you will ever do is run a smokescreen
    dont use Switzerland; it has been translucent for at least 20         years and is fast approaching transparency.
    Lichtenstein --if you can get an introduction into Landesbank from
    a local 'truehand'   --even better, if you can get into the PrivatBank.
    just remember, if it is the former, as you enter the main circle in
    Vaduz from the south, get out and kiss the bricks.  if you can not
    get the introduction, dont count on the extra services. secondly,
    you can not own anything in Lichtenstein without a residency permit
    and good luck on that one.  as they say: no further information     available....

@_date: 1998-02-05 06:29:08
@_author: Attila T. Hun 
@_subject: The Continued Attack on Cash (Was: "The Right of Anonymity"...) 
on or about 980202:1312, in <199802021912.NAA29247 at einstein.ssz.com>,     Jim Choate  was purported to have     expostulated to perpetuate an opinion:
    well, I do, real well  --but you dont know rural Utahns.
    in reality, it's probably a tradeoff.  one of the reasons the
    Democrats use Utah as a dumping ground or national park is we dont
    give them any votes. you also need to remember that the first
    day of deer hunting season here is a holiday --and the number     of firearms/capita leads the nation --keep in mind how many kids
    us Mormons have --5 is considered a slacker....

@_date: 1998-02-05 08:19:33
@_author: Attila T. Hun 
@_subject: Fingerprinting in CA [was Whoa: British SmartCard rollout] 
on or about 980203:2223, in <199802040323.WAA16673 at panix2.panix.com>,     Information Security  was purported to have     expostulated to perpetuate an opinion:
    well, I would have gone up to Nevada to get a license, but they
    have been doing it longer than CA.  now Utah is doing it....
    it will be universal before long. when I asked in CA if I could
    refuse to be fingerprinted, they said; "sure... as long as you     dont want a license"  --real white of 'em.  Utah said basically
    the same thing.
    that and they already have us feeling like.
        when cash is outlawed,
        only outlaws will have cash.

@_date: 1998-02-06 13:24:02
@_author: Attila T. Hun 
@_subject: New Credit Rating System Coming [CNN] 
on or about 980205:2205, in <199802060405.WAA04465 at einstein.ssz.com>,     Jim Choate  was purported to have     expostulated to perpetuate an opinion:
    so where is the First Virtual Bank of Cyberspace? let's get crackin'
    basically, this says I can not write a check against an available
    balance that has not been overnight posted. when TTI (transaction
    technology), a CitiBank division in Santa Monica, started working on
    the ATM implementations in the mid-70, all the last, bad crop of hired
    guns were contracting --they were paying 50-80/hr _then_ for high
    end --we all took there money and speculated that eventually there
    a) would be no cash; and b) checks would be castrated --or, if you
    did not have plastic, you did not eat as big brother wanted to know
    what you had for dinner--  yup, sounds just like cybercredits --except
    for the audit trail fed directly to the IRS who precomputed your tax
    for you-- and took it out of your account with or without your         permission.
    well, how close are we getting to what those of us working on it in
    the mid-70s feared?

@_date: 1998-02-06 13:44:09
@_author: Attila T. Hun 
@_subject: the best justice/kinds of monopolies 
on or about 980205:1438, in <34DA3157.1FF4FA7A at ssds.com>,     Jim Burnes  was purported to have     expostulated to perpetuate an opinion:
    dont need a flame retardent vest for my direction. I agree in theory
    that all it takes is a better product --unless the 800 lb gorilla
    steals it, borrows it, whatever and puts it out for free which they
    have been know to do on more than one occasion.
    and, the fact M$ has such enormous leverage in the market to command
    the pole position for any product they promote (even vapourware), is
    why society does have a responsibility to its members to level the
    playing field.  until the sheeple stop following the Judas to the
    Micro$lop slaughter house, the law must finally step in and break it
    up --or as Orrin Hatch said: "if M$ does monopolize the net, look for
    an "Federal Internet Commission" --using the law to surgically dismember
    M$ into logical divisions is one thing --living with another regulatory     commission is another, and certainly not very "tasty".

@_date: 1998-02-10 04:20:45
@_author: Attila T. Hun 
@_subject: EPIC World Crypto Survey 
statistics dont lie, but liars use statistics.
    back to the same old square one --getting the couch tomatoes
    (they've gone soft) riled enough to understand the lies. fat
    chance, as long as they can be fat, dumb, and happy the sloths
    will still vote their wallets.
  [...]
      ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

@_date: 1998-02-20 01:10:35
@_author: Attila T. Hun 
@_subject: Barnes & Nobles indicted on child porno... [CNN] 
on or about 980219:0923, in <199802191523.JAA16425 at einstein.ssz.com>,     Jim Choate  toosed this gem of a bomb into our     subsconsiousness:
    that means every nudist camp magazine trying to show happy families,        every news picture from Cannes, and the National Geographic, etc. are
    about to have a problem with this dumbfuck.
    is this asshole about to run for US President or just governor of
    Alabama? sounds like he has high political ambitions and wants the
    endorsements of Robertson, Buchannan & the now-religious-zealot
    Donna Rice.
    somebody raid his house; bet he's an S-M freak or some other kind
    of pervert!
    to this man, God's natural clothing is an obscene act; he'd probably
    die of apoplexy if someone invited him to the communal saunas in         Scandinavia and he walked out of the men's dressing room...  Bavaria
    for that matter, but not the prudish Swiss.
    pedophilia should be treated as a capital crime, but that's as far
    as it goes. today, statutory rape in consensual sex is a joke for
    children over 12, or 8? I dont think they should have an awareness     of carnal knowledge at that age, but they certainly do. you can not
    legislate morality; you can punish predatory acts such as pedophilia,
    but the perpetrators sense of morality, etc. was lost long ago.
    welcome to censorship in its finest hour. perhaps Mississippi has
    progressed further out of the Victorian age than Alabama.

@_date: 1998-02-20 01:30:15
@_author: Attila T. Hun 
@_subject: privacy trade war 
FUD: Forwarded at 980219:171500 +0000 by Attila T. Hun -----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Europe, U.S.  try to head off privacy trade war
BRUSSELS, Belgium (Reuters) - U.S.  companies doing business
in Europe are nervously counting the days to what they fear
could be a new trans-Atlantic showdown.
Oct.  24 is the deadline for the 15 European Union nations
to implement a tough law designed to protect citizens from
computer-age invasions of privacy.  The law gives
individuals broad rights to know, and in some cases control,
how information about their buying habits, credit ratings,
health, political affiliations and other characteristics is
The problem, which has been consuming increasing amounts of
attention in Brussels and Washington, is that it also allows
governments to block exports of personal information to
third countries that do not provide "adequate" protection.
The United States is scrambling to show that it does not
fall into that category even though it prefers industry
self-regulation to strict government controls.
"It's clear that the EU has a law with a sort of
centralized government-led approach that they have to
follow," a U.S.  official said.  "We don't have such an
approach and we're not going to be taking such an
Washington argues that industry codes of conduct are an
effective way to guard against misuse of data -- a stance
that critics say does not appreciate the historical reasons
Europe wants the right to privacy enshrined in law.
"The difference between the United States (and Europe) is
that the smell of fascism is still thick in the air in
Europe," said Simon Jones, founder of the British-based
global coalition Privacy International, which supports the
EU approach.
The conflict has raised fears that the two sides are heading
for confusion at best and a bruising trade battle at worst
once the EU law takes effect.
"Every time we meet this comes up because the potential
risk is quite large," the U.S.  official said.
The EU data protection directive, adopted after much
controversy in 1995, aims to protect information traveling
over electronic networks including the Internet from abuse
by potential "Big Brothers."
It also aims to ensure that public agencies, banks, mail
order firms, multinationals and others can send data across
Europe without fearing it will be blocked by differences in
national privacy laws.
It gives individuals the right to know what data has been
collected, to prevent details from being handed over to
third parties such as direct marketers, to file complaints
about the misuse of data with a national authority and to
win compensation for damages.
The sticking point for Washington is Article 25, which
requires governments to bar organizations from transferring
personal data to third countries that do not "ensure an
adequate level of protection." Since U.S.  law does not
mandate the controls required by the EU directive, companies
fear the country will be blacklisted.
"This disruption of trade would have an enormous impact on
data flows required for electronic commerce," the EU
Committee of the American Chamber of Commerce, which lobbies
for U.S.  business on EU issues, said in a policy paper.
Washington has responded to the threat by pushing its
business sectors to draw up codes of conduct with teeth.  It
has set a July 1 deadline for assessing whether that
approach will work, the American official said.
Industry sources say government officials have urged them to
draw up codes bolstered by consumer notices, effective
enforcement and outside audits -- or face continued pressure
from the EU and home-grown privacy activists.
"The hope is there will be a self-regulatory solution
strong enough to give the U.S.  the opportunity to say,
'Look what we've done' and the Europeans to say, 'They've
complied, we can back off,"' Mark Kightlinger, a lawyer at
Covington & Burling in Brussels who is following the issue,
Many U.S.  companies already have privacy policies and some
sectors have been forced to strengthen their protection
under pressure from the Federal Trade Commission.
For example, a group of leading American computer database
companies that was under fire for releasing Social Security
and other information drew up a privacy policy in December.
The American Electronics Association says it is among
industry groups that are debating how to formulate a code of
The European Commission, the EU executive said, has assured
the United States that it does not envisage a blanket ban on
data transfers to the United States, even under the status
Commission President Jacques Santer said in a letter to the
EU Committee that the law allowed for "ad hoc solutions"
and a "case by case" approach.  But he said codes of
conduct alone were not enough.  "There is a need for
sanctions and individuals must have guaranteed access to
their personal data and a means of redress if their rights
are violated," he said.
A working party of EU national regulators echoed that
message when it issued a paper in January outlining criteria
for effective self-regulation in third countries.
"Self-regulation as such is not a very explicit term," a
commission official said.  "Does it mean self-regulation,
we don't do anything?  Or do we inform consumers about our
privacy policies and provide a right of access and
Some say the EU-U.S.  conflict highlights the need for a
global approach to data privacy.  Some international
organizations have already taken up the question such as the
29-member Organization for Economic Cooperation and
Development and the International Chamber of Commerce.
Santer argued in his letter that the Geneva-based World
Trade Organization was the appropriate forum.
    _________________________ NOTICE ______________________
    In accordance with Title 17 U.S.C.  Section 107, this
    material is distributed without profit to those who have
    expressed a prior interest in receiving the included
    information for research and educational purposes.
    _______________________________________________________

@_date: 1998-02-20 03:51:07
@_author: Attila T. Hun 
@_subject: Anthrax--The Horsemen are Riding 
on or about 980219:0959, in ,     Tim May  was purported to have     expostulated to perpetuate an opinion:
    The Gulf of Tonkin all over again. playing on the strings of
    perceived public patriotism
    my calculator only displays to 10^-999
    Ruby Ridge, Waco, Oklahoma City...         "jimbells"  -there but for the grace of God, go we...
    just like Waco underlined the need for more government suppression
    of whatever, or whomever, in the interest of public safety.
    and get something legislated which might be stricken by the     Supreme Court. if we're lucky.
    [snip]
    [snip]
           ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
    the desire to change leaders in the middle of a ScheiBsturm may
    be possible this time; Bush needed a nice little war, but as you
    point out, there was a specific issue: Kuwait. and George did not
    have the scandal, after scandal, ad nauseam...
    [snip]
    all it takes is a sufficient catalyst, an enabling act, to push     someone over the edge. who really needs nukes and their intendant     delivery problems.  our brave warriors claim Iraq does not have
    the means to deliver CBW --yeah, right.  it may be true they can
    not deliver it without suiciding the agents, but since when has
    the Arab world ever lacked for martyrs to execute a fatwah?
    bullies do not understand this; certainly not Saddam, and it
    is becoming obvious that Bubba is willing to do anything,     including selling our Americans to distract us from the almost     inevitable fact that his "need" for satisfaction warrants the lies
    and coverup.
    we would be a lot better off if we had heeded not only the foreign
    wars admonition, but a great many more of Washington's farewell
    address. you never see it quoted en toto for the masses, never
    printed full page in the Times, never even taught in our schools
    --because it does not serve the interests of the ruling classes.
    Pax Amerikana: may commerce prevail for Amerikan suits to
    rape, pillage, and burn uninhibited around the world. welcome
    to the interests of big money, central banks, and the NWO.
    you aren't downwind from Las Vegas and we were hit with     government experiments from the test range which not only
    dropped radioactive fallout, but anthrax.
    of course, it would not bother me if Washington, the pesthole,
    became a ghost town of rotting CongressCritters and bureaucrats.
    maybe Bubba should take this little walk around the memorials
    (unfortunately ignoring the last one which would displeased him,     but which would do us the most good):
        Clinton, distraught and contemplating his latest scandal         was walking through Washington looking for any kind of
        guidance.         He walks up to the Washington Monument, looks up and says,
        "George, you were always wise, what should I do?"         Low and behold, a voice comes down from above and says,
        "ABOLISH THE I.R.S. AND START OVER." Clinton, amazed that
        he is talking to the past President thinks he'll try it
        again.         He walks over to the Jefferson Memorial and utters the
        same request. "Thomas, you never had these kind of
        problems, what can I do to rally people behind me?"         Again a voice from above answers, "WELFARE, ITS NOT
        WORKING, ABOLISH IT, START OVER."         After hearing this Clinton is so excited he is planning to
        go to all the historic sites for guidance. Next he goes to
        the Lincoln Memorial.  "Abe, I need your help, people are
        losing confidence in me and they no longer trust me what
        should I do?"
        After a substantial pause Abe responds, "TAKE THE DAY OFF,
        GO TO THE THEATER."

@_date: 1998-02-20 09:10:09
@_author: Attila T. Hun 
@_subject: putting down the US military 
on or about 980219:1407, in <3.0.5.32.19980219140712.007bda40 at pop3.lvcablemodem.com>,     "Eric J. Tune"  was purported to have     expostulated to perpetuate an opinion:
    my oldest son's LAR recon/black unit had been stood down for
    Somalia, gear turned in, etc.  we were finishing Christmas     dinner [two additional NCO's who did not live close enough
    to 29 Palms were also guests] --just about 4pm, the 'phone     rang...  I knew, and they knew. Bush had decided to go to     Somalia and the powers grabbed an always on standby high
    power unit: 21 LAV25s, etc.  vehicles and all were on C5s in
    14 hours.     having personally received those calls before does not
    prepare you for the call when it is _your_ son heading out
    for his first chance to stare the beast in the face and     stand it down...  or come home in a body bag.
    escorting Bush was a piece of cake, but the brass figured     they had two of these special recon companies and ordered
    them to secure North Mogadishu --they did and were shipped     stateside; then Army's 10th Mountain got its ass kicked for
    some of the dumbest logistics planning, including the pickup     armor column getting lost, no water, and no night vision
    goggles...  then Uncle put its tail between its legs and
    came home.
    how do you think the all the families with sons, husbands,
    lovers, siblings, etc. felt with the spectacle of a dead
    (and initially unidentified pending notification of     kin) service man out there just doing his duty for
    his country is being dragged around the dirt streets of a
    shithole?  the boy's parents saw it on television before
    the Army could get a man out to their house to tell them     (yes, it is done in person).
    my _boy_ came home a changed _man_ after live ammo on live
    targets and no rubber bullets --and did what all returning      jarheads do after first blood --got married as soon as     possible.
    absolutely. misplaced criticism and a personal offense to me
    as well as all other servicemen.
    it is one thing to deplore the various wars, police actions,
    dirty tricks, etc. which the U.S. Presidents and spook shows
    are always using to defend "our" interests around the world     -it is another to criticize and ridicule the men who fight     and die.     I have no regrets for what I did, and did too well, but I
    sure as hell have regrets for whom it was done: total
    sleezeballs who have taken TR's maxim to mean: "speak loudly     and use a big stick" --it's only business, son.
    well, on this point, the thorn of what is "wisely" is     defined differently by everyone; freedom of speech is just
    that-- if we restrict Tim's, then we lose our own freedom.
        Tim gets to say his piece,         and we get to lump it      --or lump Tim.

@_date: 1998-02-20 09:41:19
@_author: Attila T. Hun 
@_subject: onward, Clinton soldiers / not so fast, Sen. Lott 
let's put the Saddam affair in perspective; I'm sure anyone     who is generally enlightened will agree that Bubba needs a
    nice little war to distract attention from his impending     doom from a wandering dickhead which Hillary obviously does     not, and has not, serviced adequately.     Eric Margolis, whom I have known for many years, is an
    American, and a Vietnam veteran, on the staff of the Toronto
    Sun, who went to Canada for editorial freedom. he calls it
    like he sees it, and the following article on American's
    failed MidEast foreign policy since WWII should be must
    reading for the war mongers who have never learned their     history and are about to repeat it.
    _________________________ NOTICE ______________________
    In accordance with Title 17 U.S.C.  Section 107, this
    material is distributed without profit to those who have
    expressed a prior interest in receiving the included
    information for research and educational purposes.
    _______________________________________________________
                         NOT SO FAST, SEN. LOTT!
                             by Eric Margolis
                             Toronto Sun Editorial Columnist
                             February 16, 1998
Senate majority leader Trent Lott and other senior Republicans
are demanding the US adopt a long-term strategy of covert action
and subversion to overthrow Saddam Hussein and other Mideast
troublemakers who disturb the Pax Americana.
Bombing Iraq is simply not enough, warned war-fevered
Republicans.  Saddam must be driven from power once and for all.
Many pro-Israel Conservatives demand the US Army march on
If Senator Lott knew Mideast history better, he might not be so
eager for covert action, or hopeful Iraq's government could be
overthrown to America's profit.  He might even learn the United
States is not the solution to the Mideast's chronic instability
and tensions, but a major source.  A few examples:
*1947 Washington is displeased by Syria's government.  A CIA-Army
`political action team' mounts a coup, employing a `CIA asset,'
Gen. Husni Za'im.  As senior CIA Mideast agent Miles Copeland
delightfully recalls, the Americans kept calling Za'im `our
boy,' or `Husni,' and ordering him about.  The day after Za'im's
coup, Copeland and the American agents went to inform the new
dictator whom he would appoint as ambassadors and cabinet
ministers.  When the Americans called him, `Husni,' Za'im
ordered them to `stand at attention,' and address him as
`Excellency.'  US-Syrian relations have been terrible ever
since.  Two subsequent, US-backed coups backfired.
The US helps engineer a coup against British puppet ruler of
Egypt, King Farouk.  CIA backs a young colonel, Gammal Abdel
Nasser.  But when the US later tries to pressure Nasser into
joining Washington's `new order' for the Mideast, the Baghdad
Pact, Nasser rebels and becomes America's enemy number one.  CIA
tries first to overthrow, than assassinate Nasser.  All attempts
Iran's popular, elected leader, Mohammed Mossadegh, attempts to
assert Iranian control of his nation's oil industry, whose
profits go to the US and Britain.  A CIA coup overthrows
Mossadegh, and puts `our boy' Reza Shah on the throne.  Iran's
US-trained secret police keep the Shah in power through a reign
of terror.  Islamic-nationalist revolution sweeps Iran in 1979,
ending US domination.
US and Britain thwart popular uprisings against King Hussein of
*1958 Washington installs a client regime in Lebanon, which then
dutifully calls for US troops.  Beginning of Lebanon's 35 years
of instability and civil war.
Britain's Iraqi puppets, King Faisal and Nuri as- Said,
overthrown by the bloodthirsty Col. Kassim.  US uses Kassim to
attack Nasser.  Kassim murdered by Col. Aref in CIA-mounted
coup.  Aref's helicopter blown up.  A few more murders later,
CIA helps engineer into power a promising, young, Baath Party
enforcer, Saddam Hussein,
Anwar Sadat goes on CIA payroll.  After Nasser's death, CIA puts
Sadat into power in Egypt.  Corrupt and hated, Sadat is
assassinated to great popular joy..
The US elbows Britain out of Libya to gain control of its
high-grade oil.  CIA overthrows British puppet, King Idris, and
- - in one of its most brilliant moves - helps into power a young,
reformist colonel, Muammar Khadaffi.  When Khadaffi subsequently
trumpets the Arabs are being robbed of their oil by the west,
and raises prices, he goes unto America's hit list.
US, Iran and Israel secretly arm Iraq's Kurds and promote their
rebellion to destabilize Iraq.  Kurdish revolt plays major role
in igniting Iran-Iraq War 1980-1988 in which one million died.
US abandons Kurds, gets chummy with Baghdad.
Saddam Hussein becomes America's most important Mideast ally in
trying to crush Iran's Islamic revolution.  Urged on, armed and
financed by the US, Saddam invades Iran in 1980.  CIA and
Pentagon supply military advice and intelligence on Iran.  US
and British intelligence help Iraq obtain its chemical and
biological warfare capabilities.
US attempts to install a client, Christian/fascist regime in
Lebanon, drive out Syrian influence.  US Marines sent to Beirut,
under cover of `peace-keepers.'  They are bombed out of Lebanon
by Shia militants:  309 Americans die, including CIA's top
Mideast staff.
CIA's revenge backfires.  Lebanese CIA agents detonate truck
bomb in Beirut in a failed attempt to assassinate Shia leader,
Sheik Fadlallah.  Eighty-three civilians killed, 240 wounded.
US tries to assassinate Khadaffi by bombing his residence in
Tripoli.  One baby daughter killed, one injured.  He escapes.
Downing of Pan Am and French UTA flights may be revenge for this
failed hit.  Three other attempt to assassinate Khadaffi, using
CIA-organized Libyan exiles, fail.
The Bay of Camels - CIA's biggest flop since Cuba.  Urged on
by President Clinton, CIA mounts an elaborate coup against
Saddam Hussein.  Iraqi exiles, armed and trained by CIA, to
march on Baghdad from US/British ruled Kurdistan.  CIA organizes
a cabal of generals to assassinate Saddam.  Public places in
Baghdad are bombed, many civilians killed, in order to
`destabilize' Iraq (this while the US is busy denouncing
terrorism).  But Saddam's spies have infiltrated the plot.  The
whole operation collapses.  CIA's agent network in Iraq is
rolled up.  Many Kurds back Saddam, turn on pro-US Kurds.  CIA
agents in Kurdistan run for their lives, abandoning allies and
tons of documents.  Saddam is strengthened.  CIA's inept
Director, John Deutch, fired for this Mother of All Fiascos.  .
Republicans now urge more of the above to keep the Mideast
calm. You certainly can't argue with success.
copyright   eric margolis   1998

@_date: 1998-02-20 10:55:08
@_author: Attila T. Hun 
@_subject: putting down the US military 
on or about 980219:1723, in ,     Tim May  was purported to have     expostulated to perpetuate an opinion:
    No, Tim, not predictable --your cheers are misplaced.
    Amerika is fascist at best; we do not have the government
    my ancestors, and probably yours, fought to create 222 years
    ago. today's Federal Hamiltonian style central government     does not qualify as a republic, at best it is a plutocracy.
    No, my objection is _where_ you place your cheers. we need
    to bring down the fascists, not kill our fighting men, most
    of whom still believe in America the Beautiful, not the     cesspool you and I and the rest know it has become. we     almost had a military arrest of Clinton for treason in his
    first term, but a number of key generals and admirals were
    killed.
    turn your cheers at American defeats into jears to the heart
    of the problem in Washington.
    I'm not advocating a sapper, but somebody better wake the     serfs.
    yes, but there is an unlimited supply of eggs in the minds
    of the politicians; they'll go on until they are gone, then
    shrug their shoulders and say: "we tried...."
    if the US suffers some really significant defeat, that will
    be the excuse for martial law and we will see more than the
    Admirality flag flying in every U.S. courtroom (courtesy of     FDR and 08 Mar 33).     If we run out of eggs, we will be overrun; and I may post
    a significant historical document, overlooked by all but a
    few, on that point.
    Amerika is fast heading towards moral bankruptcy because
    "it feels good" --just like the dog who licks his balls     because he can.
    5,000 men to teach a whoring asshole like Clinton what?
    if Saddam, or friends, sinks a carrier, the asshole will
    nuke the middle east while every Joe Couch Potato screams     for blood --then what?
    never was and never will be. and war should be avoided at
    all costs.     if the US was a good friend overseas instead of the greedy
    bastards and manipulators they have been most of this entire
    century, every country in the world would not hate the U.S.     --except maybe the Brits. Amerika has destabilized close to     90% of the world governments at one point of another in this
    century, including the Labour government preceding Thatcher.
    check the list of foreign policy failures in the mideast
    which I just posted.  the American fools put every one of
    the now anti-US bastards in power: Syria, Iraq, Libya,
    Jordon, and previously Iran, Egypt, and Lebanon. Britain
    kicked the Palestinians off the land they farmed since the
    diaspora --almost 2,000 years, and now the U.S props up both
    Israel and the PLO (half-heartedly, which is more than the
    rest of the Arabs do for Arafat, other than noise). The most
    stupid action after world war 2 was to permit Britain to
    establish Israel --only exceeded by our stupidity of
    continuing to support a pig like Bibbi.
    Amerika has made so many enemies overseas with its Pax     Americana policies that we do not have enough soldiers to
    be the world's policemen --and we should never have been
    in that position in the first place, except Amerika has
    always been the home of the free --the freedom to rape,
    pillage, and burn your fellow man, particularly if they
    are someplace else.
    no, the issue is to rectify the situation at the root: the
    cesspool. everyone one of us, regardless of our beliefs, is
    responsible for the meglomaniacs in our government. if those
    of us with supposed intelligence can not get Joe Couch     Potato off his ass --whose fault is it?  Clinton will get     them off their collective asses if an aircraft carrier goes     down --even if he scuttles it.
    doesn't need to be...     I am too well aware of what I have contributed first in
    black ops and then in technology until I got smart enough
    20+ years ago to refuse any direct military work. even so,
    it does not help withholding (but it feels good); high-tech     only kills more with less effort.
    no, Tim, not at all, just a cheap pun!  someday maybe I'll     even be creative enough to coin a new "Dew Drop Inn"
    I'll defend to the death your right to say whatever you     wish; obviously, I also reserve the right to bitch!

@_date: 1998-02-20 12:57:22
@_author: Attila T. Hun 
@_subject: PLO censoring pro-Iraqi sentiments 
on or about 980219:2004, in ,     Tim May  was purported to have     expostulated to perpetuate an opinion:
    [snip the dead issues on gloating...]
    they figure Britain owes Israel to them to atone for Brit       guilt for refusing to let them leave Germany for Palestine
    before Hitler reduced the number available to make the trip.
    and since Britain cant go it by themselves anymore, and the
    US has over 50% of the Zionists in the world --Russia being
    in second place-- the 10% of the Zionists in Palestine wag
    the US dog to protect them from "the barbarian Arabs"     (their attitude, not mine).
    the argument that Israel is the only true friend to the US
    in the Middle East is pure bullshit; with friends like     Israel who take our technology and either steal it directly     or reverse engineer it and sell it to China, Iran, South
    Africa who sells to China, etc. --who needs enemies.     the Israeli governments have double crossed U.S. interests     at most every point --they are a liability. if the U.S. had
    not acquiesced, under pressure of U.S. Zionist and general     WWII guilt, to Britain's division of Palestine, the Middle
    East would not be the problem it is --the Arabs plus the     Iranians (Farsi, not Arabs) would never have been able to     find a common unifying factor --and hate the US accordingly
    for its virtually unquestioning support of Israel.
    the U.S. should withdraw support from both sides of divided
    Palestine and let nature take its course. save the U.S. $5     billion dollars in acknowledged aid to Israel every year
    plus whatever amount is hidden in the black budgets, etc.
    plus the additional billions they raise from the guilt     ridden American Zionists.
    if there were no Israel, maybe the U.S. Zionists would     become Americans rather than Zionists first and residents of
    the U.S. second. if the really rabid ones wont shut up, give
    them an AR16, 200 rounds, and a ticket...
    me too...
    you bet, but more than that, it's a class of discordant     freeloaders whose interests supersede those of the hand     that feeds and protect them.

@_date: 1998-02-20 14:17:49
@_author: Attila T. Hun 
@_subject: PLO censoring pro-Iraqi sentiments 
on or about 980219:2334, in <199802200612.BAA31481 at users.invweb.net>,     "William H. Geiger III"  was purported to have     expostulated to perpetuate an opinion:
    [chop 80% of the various rantings]
    really? you start yours with a prayer followed by the statement:
        OK, fellas, friendly game; all guns on the table...
    very true, for those who have never been deployed into the
    face of the beast.     those who have been in combat have an entirely different
    attitude.         the peacetime Army is a often a goldbrickers union for lack
    of something better to do. and it is definitely not true in
    the Corps with the exception of the few who take the two
    year stint and four years active reserve and are somewhat
    disillusioned by the inactivity as they never hit the floats
    or are otherwise deployed.

@_date: 1998-02-21 07:57:36
@_author: Attila T. Hun 
@_subject: destruction of chemical weapons 
on or about 980220:0923, in <3.0.5.32.19980220092346.008dd590 at popd.ix.netcom.com>,     Bill Stewart  was purported to have     expostulated to perpetuate an opinion:
    [snip]
    they built an enormous incinerator in Utah near the Nevada border
    in the area of Dugway, but not within that restricted zone. it went
    operation about 18-24 months ago, was closed last year for     verification of contamination (Utah and EPA obviously against it),
    and as far as I know, it's opeartional and doing its thing.
    the govt was also building a facility in the south pacific; maybe
    on what's left of Bimini or one nearby which are within the     protectorate --no idea what the status of that one is except     Greenpeace was doing their usual howling about transporting     the stuff both in the US and across the big pond --they were
    planning on exporting the stuff through the port at Oakland
    Navy Yard.
    one of the largest caches of obsolete stuff used to be in
    the old munitions bunkers just south of Long Beach between     the freeway and the ocean --if not seal beach, then huntington
    beach --the bunkers were for the Long Beach naval ship yard
    and the port of LA.  have no idea what the status is as that
    was years ago --you can see the bunkers from the freeway --they
    go on for a couple miles.
    we did not want the incinerator on Utah, and are not too
    enthused about the reactivation of Dugway as a "more secure"
    Area 51 --it is, and much harder to access with no visibility
    points that plagued area 51.

@_date: 1998-02-21 15:02:50
@_author: Attila T. Hun 
@_subject: putting down the US military 
on or about 980220:2144, in <3.0.5.32.19980220214430.008be9a0 at popd.ix.netcom.com>,     Bill Stewart  was purported to have     expostulated to perpetuate an opinion:
    [snip]
    absolutely, the government has obviously offended me more by
    its incredible stupidity: Vietnam, Somalia, Panama,
    Honduras, and the rest of their ill-conceived police actions
    and meddling; installing Khadafi, Hussein, the Shah, Nasser,
    whatever his name is in Syria, etc.; and now, the incredible
    attempt of Bubba to cover his domestic problems of an
    insatiable wandering dick with a "surgical" strike on the     long suffering Iraqi population who will again be the     collateral damage which doesn't happen (at least in theory).
    all the U.S. gains is an Iraqi population who hate the U.S.
    even more for our stupidity and therefore turn to Saddam who
    at least gives them pride, even if it does not feed their
    children --not to mention the enmity of the rest of the Arab
    world. even Iran is supporting Iraq which ought to tell us
    something.      Pax Americana --yeah, Americana it is, but where's the Pax?     if Bubba's going to press the button, he might as well press
    the big one and leave everything east of the beaches in Tel
    Aviv, all the way to Burma, a glass parking lot.
    out of the ashes of Iraq and the American morality, dont be
    surprised to see the man in the blue turban rise like the
    phoenix...
    well, as I said: I have no regrets for what I did, but I
    sure as hell have regrets for whom I did the deeds. the
    sorry bastards who claim to be "my" government have no
    claim on my respect.     as I said before: is it not odd that the more the government
    tries to abridge our freedom of speech, the more they want
    to confiscate our weapons?
    a well-armed populace is a threat to a corrupt, suppressive
    government; the first step in subjugating the American     population to become part of the UN/NWO "family" is to     confiscate personal arms in the name of public safety --or,
    the fear of criminal actions by loose cannons, etc.     arms registration is the first step towards confiscation.
    I've been trying to find something about that pack of     thieves trying to deify themselves that has not earned my
    contempt. I'll announce it, when I find it, but dont hold     your breath.

@_date: 1998-02-22 04:08:35
@_author: Attila T. Hun 
@_subject: Jimbelling the Sheep 
on or about 980221:0034, in ,     Rabid Wombat  was purported to have     expostulated to perpetuate an opinion:
    sprynet: "the site has been taken down and there will be
              no further information available."

@_date: 1998-01-02 16:51:33
@_author: Attila T. Hun 
@_subject: Time to Pay the Piper 
No, Bill. it's not nonsense...     1)  when a true market monopoly exists, society _is_
        entitled to intervene. I wrote my Harvard thesis on
        antitrust and the effect on society of a monopoly,
        regulated in the public interest as in AT&T v. the
        industrial monopolies. this may have been 35 years
        ago, but the principles are even more imperative
        now with the increasing concentration of real wealth
        both individually and corporately in the hands of a         few.
    2)  why should you be surprised to hear this from me?         sure, I would prefer anarchy per se, but have
        absolutely no faith that the vast majority would do
        anything except rape, pillage, and plunder. and, I
        think I have made my beliefs more than plain over         the history trail of cypherpunks.
    anarchy is nothing more than an isolationist theory; as     a political system it does not work --never has, never     will. ergo, there is a need for some government in the
    interest of the people (sheeple, if you prefer).  man     has not proved his worth on this planet, and whether or
    not you believe in God is irrelevant.  the last several
    generations have bequeathed a wilting, dying polluted
    earth to their children and grandchildren.
    therefore, I am neither your revolutionary anarchist
    nor your "lost in the clouds" libertarian idealist; I am
    just a pragmatist who wishes we could govern with an
    enlightened electorate in the manner of a New Hampshire     town meeting; a pragmatist that I believe limited
    regulation is essential, but a foolish dreamer to hope
    for an enlightened electorate.
    no, Bill, there is no alternative in the mass market. A
    perfect example is Gate$ buying _both_ WebTV and their
    competitor to make sure he has _all_ the action.
    another is EnCarta. Gate$ gave it away until the other
    vendors dropped out of the market; now M$ charges for
    the encyclopedia.
    Gate$ is the perfect example of not only a pure monopoly
    with 90% of the OS market, but also a constructive
    monopoly who has leveraged the first position to force
    monopolies in other areas: 95% of word processing, 95%
    of spreadsheets, and approaching the total domination of
    the browser market.
    Secondly, Gate$ is spreading into the control of the
    means of distribution in cable, networks, etc. and
    likewise into media content. Gate$ current actions are
    those of a spoiled four year old child who sees nothing
    wrong with demanding it all.
    WRONG! when 90% of the voters are dependent on M$, M$ has
    bought the vote. to the average user, to vote against M$ is
    to vote against a free v. a not-free browser, etc.
    WRONG AGAIN: the OEM computer group has no choice either;
    software is available from virtually every software house
    for M$ --and only M$.  therefore the OEM has no choice of
    operating system. without the software, any competing OS
    is useless. M$ has also intimidated and constrained the     software houses. Corel is a good case in point with M$
    threatening to withhold critical information on Windows     95 if Corel delivered their 32 bit product to OS/2     first.
    WRONG AGAIN: M$ has required OEMs to load Explorer as part
    of the "privilege" to be able to load the OS. That is
    restraint of trade. when they try to exercise total
    market control through their customers with their own
    marketing policies.
    WRONG AGAIN: M$ is forcing Explorer on totally     non-related software vendors. Why should the     accounting software vendor in MN be required to load
    Explorer to be able to distribute the OS --and, most
    additional M$ packages in networking, etc required
    Explorer for essential DLLs.  this is "binding" in
    FTC unfair practices regulations.
    GRIN?  Bill, I'm surprised you would say this.  Reno is
    not an anti-trust specialist.  just how many of them are
    there in the country as a whole?  not many?  why?  --not
    much anti-trust action; usually the FTC has been able to
    block mergers, etc.  before they become a menace to
    society such as M$ has become.
    this is where the failure of the free market comes in:
    few companies manage to attain the total monopoly
    position; _none_ to date have done so with clean hands.     frankly, Gate$' hands are dirtier than Cornelius
    Vanderbilt's hands were in his heyday; and Cornelius
    Vanderbilt made John D. Rockefeller and J.P. Morgan look
    like angels.
    Gate$' literally has not only violated the anti-trust
    laws and the FTC rules on fair competition, but he has
    done so deliberately in what can easily be defined as a
    conspiracy to limit or prevent access to the market
    --and that can be construed as a RICO offense --and
    should be. Neither Gate$ nor Ballmer show the slightest
    interest in backing off what they consider their God
    given rights in a free market to rape, pillage, and
    burn; they feel that M$ is entitled to tell the American
    (or world) buyer what he wants to buy. monopoly     eliminates freedom of choice.
    I do not usually have much use for Jesse Berst, whom I     generally consider a senseless and shameless M$ schill,
    like the rest of Ziff-Davis; however, this is what Jesse
    had to say Monday:
        Jesse Berst, 22 Dec.
        "I'm a fan of its [Microsoft's] accomplishments         and its great products.  More than that, I'm
        a fan of personal computing.  That's why I can say         that it's better for us -- and better for Microsoft
        -- if the DOJ forces the company to play fair.  Only
        intense competition can keep a company from the
        hardening of the attitudes that eventually damaged
        companies such as IBM, Digital, Wang and Data
        General."
    to engender that competition, M$ needs to be forced to
    divest either operating systems or products.  despite     any imagined gains of their increasing integration, the
    market can not fall to a monolithic line and then expect
    further advances with no-one nipping at M$' heels
    unfortunately, M$ idea of competition has not been to be
    just the market leader --it has fostered an attitude     that it can be the only player.
    and like all monopolies, M$ has fallen into the Al
    Sloan mode ("What's good for General Motors is good for     the country").
        more Jesse Berst, 22 Dec.
        "That's why I can say with all sincerity, the more         you like Microsoft, the more you admire its
        accomplishments, the more you appreciate its
        products, the more you should root for the DOJ to
        win its latest case.  Anybody who thinks otherwise
        should be forced to attend every single match of
        the World Wide Wrestling Federation next year.  That         will give them an up-close-and-painful taste of what
        happens when you do away with competition.
    Jesse, the Microsoft schill, is now at least as strident
    as I have been since the late 80s when the uncontrolled
    direction of Gate$' marketing and operating system
    leverage over office products became more than evident.
    the DOJ should have broken M$ into separate companies in
    1994.
    instead, the DOJ made a deal with a "Joe Stalin", who,
    true to Lenin's manifestos, would sign any treaty which
    bought him time to develop the prohibited weapons --then
    he broke it. M$ violated the consent decree before it
    was certified in court and.  in reality, applied even
    more onerous terms to the hardware OEM vendors; we are
    reaping the results of Gate$ incredible arrogance today.
    Gate$ also broke the public trust by arrogantly usurping
    by whatever means more of the market --his actions     today are untenable in a civilized market. any     suggestions that if you do not like M$, you should not
    buy M$ products are hollow inanities --to the public,     there is no alternative --economies of scale and market
    dominance have wiped out all but a few niche market     vendors.     the sheeple never revolt; they just follow the Judas
    goat to the abattoir happily enjoying the free software
    while Gate$ builds his tollGate$ (nice pun --guess I     will add that to my lexicon). the sheeple will not be
    happy when they find themselves being nicked for every
    transaction, on or off Gate$' networks.
    --and if Gate$ actions over the past 3 years were not
    enough, his ridiculous, affrontive, and offensive
    response to the Judge's order is prima facie evidence of
    not only a monopoly, not only a constructive monopoly,
    but a tyrannical, maniacal monster who is still a
    spoiled four year old brat with absolutely no conscience
    or sense of social responsibility.
    the fact Steve Ballmer, et al, echo this dictatorial     policy in violation of US law is prima facia evidence of     an ongoing criminal enterprise which employs extortion
    --yes, literally extortion-- in the furtherance of its
    business plan --and this is a RICO offense for which
    Gate$ and his henchman certainly appear to have
    deservedly earned the right to 3 hots and a cot for the
    20 years minimum on the lesser RICO charge, or mandatory
    life imprisonment on a conspiracy of greater than 6.      Secondly, none of Gate$ lieutenants and captains can
    claim they acted under orders; it wont fly any more than
    it flew at Nuremberg.
    Esther Dyson (with Margie Wylie of CNET)
        But it is big government that's watching them, not
        ...
        Yes--and that's why we need to keep...I mean, God
        bless the Justice Department for fighting Microsoft;
        God bless Microsoft for creating good products, and
        the customers for keeping everybody in line.  This
        is what I want:  I don't want anybody to win.  I
        want the game to keep going.  I want little guys to
        keep on coming up and tweaking the noses of the big
        guys.
        I've always been a believer in antitrust.  It's the
        concentration of power that bothers me, not whether
        it's "for profit" or "for government."  And I've
        never claimed to be or not to be a Libertarian.
        People put labels on things and stop thinking.
    a good clear statement from Dyson on the public     interest.
    do you think M$ should be permitted to behave in
    their autocratic and callous manner towards software
    developers who have no need for Explorer?
        Brian Glaeske, a programmer/analyst with Fargo,
        North Dakota-based Great Plains Software, complained
        to the US Justice Department last month that
        Microsoft effectively requires him and others to
        provide its browser in his accounting software,
        which has nothing to do with the World Wide Web or
        the Internet.
        "Microsoft should not be permitted to force
        third-party developers to redistribute Microsoft
        Internet Explorer in order to use [new] features,"
        Glaeske wrote to Joel Klein, the Justice
        Department's top pursuer of antitrust allegations.
    is not Glaeske's position reasonable? the real point
    however, does not relate to the browser; the bottom line
    is that Glaeske, and most of the software developers, do
    not have an alternative to Microsoft as an operating     system.      Oh, sure, some clients will run Unix flavours and there
    are vendors for most high profile applications on unix
    and OS/2, but the vast majority (90%) of the clients
    take the easy way out and go Microsoft --M$ is what the
    employees have at home; M$ is what the "trained"
    employees have used before.... there are millions of
    arguments, after WinTel being cheaper, why they should
    not change --starting with "why should we be different?"
    a pure free market is anarchy; anarchy may be a     wonderful idea for utopian people; the human race is far
    from being anything except a selfish, greedy collection
    of individuals who are constrained either by the threats
    of fire and brimstone from the church, or the laws of     the land which punish transgressions of socially     acceptable behaviour --fair or not.
    even Teddy Roosevelt wrote that anarchists should be     hunted down and exterminated like vermin.
    William H. Gates III is just another robber baron who     really believes the statement: "What's good for     Microsoft is good for the country."  Al Sloan never     realized his monopoly with General Motors, although     there have been periods where GM was over 50% of the     market (when Chrysler was close to failing).     Bill Gates has created an effective monopoly _world_
    _wide_ which far surpasses any monopoly ever created
    by one individual or company; even John D. Rockefeller     did not come close to Gate$' power.  John D. was also
    rather benevolent.  IBM never approached Gate$' level
    of monopoly.
    Gate$ has proven, and is proving while the very     litigation is going on, that he is not a benevolent     monopolist; there is only one way: Bill's way, and
    everyone will think like Bill, or they will be the
    vermin to be exterminated.
    and, that, my friends, is why there is such a thing
    as the public interest; and it should have been     exercised on BadBillyG in 1994.
    my vote goes to prosecute Bill Gates and Steve Ballmer,
    at the very least, for violations of the Sherman Act,
    the Clayton Antitrust Act, and the Robinson-Patman     amendments (FTC, etc.) to the full extent of the law,
    including criminal violations as warranted under those
    titles; and prosecute under the RICO statutes for an
    ongoing racketeering (extortion is racketeering) and
    criminal enterprise.
    frankly, I am disappointed that it has come to this, but
    Gate$ greed and lust for power has not only exceeded     his common sense, it has transgressed the boundary of
    baseline social responsibility.

@_date: 1998-01-22 05:46:32
@_author: Attila T. Hun 
@_subject: Revenge on the Nerds  -Maureen on a rampage 
and everyone thought I have been blowing smoke over the
    few years over the need to dismember Micro$haft. More
    aye-sayers than naysayers have joined the fray, some even
    eloquently.  even the opinion polls are against BadBillyG:
    bubba is more trusted! as is the government...
    Mickey$lop no longer generates terror in the hearts of     everyone --just the OEMs who can not afford to even testify
    for fear of retaliation --and it is a real fear.
    keep your fire extinguisher handy.
    Maureen is really smoking!
January 21, 1998
NYTimes OpEd Columnist
LIBERTIES / By MAUREEN DOWD
Revenge on the Nerds
WASHINGTON -- I figured things were way out of perspective
in the Other Washington when I heard that Bill Gates had put
an inscription from "The Great Gatsby" around the domed
ceiling of the library in his new $100 million pad:  "He had
come a long way to this blue lawn and his dream must have
seemed so close that he could hardly fail to grasp it."
Bill Gates was obviously unaware of the magnitude of the
truth that he had unwittingly admitted.
When he read about the blue lawn, he must have imagined
computers with glowing blue screens stretching to infinity.
And he must certainly have liked the proximity of the words
"dream" and "grasp."
With a judge who is likely soon to hold Microsoft in
contempt for petulantly defying an order designed to give
its rivals any chance, Mr. Gates's dream may at last have
exceeded his grasp.  The Justice Department never came down
on Gatsby.
This Washington has disabused that Washington of its
arrogant presumption that what's good for Microsoft is good
for America.  This Washington has stripped that Washington
of its image as warm, tender, flannel-and-soyburger pioneers
of the new economy, and properly pegged Microsoft as an
egomaniacal, dangerous giant that has cut off the air supply
of competitors in a bid to control cyberspace.
"The only thing the robber barons did that Bill Gates hasn't
done is use dynamite against their competitors," Gary
Reback, a Silicon Valley antitrust lawyer, told John
Heilemann of The New Yorker.
The disheveled college dropout who used to get adoring
headlines like "A Regular Guy Who's a Legend:  Bill Gates
Puts a New Face on the American Dream" now looks like a
spoiled rich brat.  When they treated the Justice Department
and the judge with the same contempt with which they treat
competitors, the masters of the virtual universe got hit
with a grim truth:  People hate Microsoft even more than
they hate the Government.
Mr.  Gates has gone from Horatio Alger similes to virus
similes.  Frederick Warren-Boulton, another antitrust
expert, told The New Yorker:  "Gates is like smallpox.  You
have to go in there and you have to nail it.  If you leave
it lying around, it will just come back."
When asked who they thought had done more good for the
future of America, Bill Gates or Bill Clinton, more
Americans chose Mr.  Clinton.  (Even though
portfolio-obsessed Americans would still rather have their
children grow up to be more like Mr. Gates than Mr.
Clinton, by 47 to 24 percent.)
As Jacob Weisberg plaintively wrote in Slate, Microsoft's
on-line magazine:  "A few months ago, everyone I met seemed
to think that working for Microsoft was a pretty cool thing
to do.  Now, strangers treat us like we work for Philip
The Times's Timothy Egan explored the angst that has gripped
the Redmond campus since Microsoft lost its sheen.  Some
fret that the fate of the entire Pacific Northwest is at
All the instant millionaires in thermal shirts, droopy
drawers and sandals with wool socks are suddenly Wondering
If It's All Worth It.  They have staggered out of the
Seattle fog long enough to listen to their inner browsers.
This has been a rude shock to them because they honestly
believed that our Washington was full of anti-business,
careerist bureaucrats, and their Washington was full of
imaginative idealists and entrepreneurs who buy and sell to
the beat of a different drum.  They didn't reckon smokestack
laws could apply to high technology.
As Mr. Gates's lawyer, William Neukom, told Steve Lohr of
The Times, "We sincerely believe that we are a force for
good in the economy."  Actually, Microsoft has been a force
for greed in the economy, more brilliant at marketing and
purloining and crushing than it has been at innovating.  The
company saw the fight with the Justice Department as a
defense of its way of life.  And that way was hardball on
software; anything it decided was a core threat to Microsoft
was sucked into the operating system.
These are Darwinian nerds.  Besides, Microsoft couldn't even
save the universe in "Independence Day."  It took an Apple
to do that.

@_date: 1998-01-24 14:41:34
@_author: Attila T. Hun 
@_subject: 2 sides to the poll on DOJ v. M$ 
let's look at the tail of the Reuters newsclip on M$
    settling the immediate contempt action --a settlement
    most of the outside experts say gives the government
    an advantage in the final determination.      what I dont like is that M$ scored a huge PR victory
    by caving in to the government --it had no choice,     but many of the fence sitters are now going to state
    that M$ is "reforming" --which is pure bullshit; they
    are playing the Lenin-Stalin game of dealmaking so they
    can regroup and work around it, then blatantly violate
    it after they have sufficient strength.  I like the
    comment Maureen quoted the 21st from one attorney who
    liked M$ to smallpox --"...stamp it out, ...or it will
    come back."
But a poll issued Friday cast doubt on how far the public
backs the government's scrutiny of Microsoft.
A Time/CNN survey of 1,020 adults Jan.  14-15 found 46
percent thought Microsoft's dominant role in the software
industry was good for consumers against 30 percent who
thought it was bad.
    I am surprised they determined only 46% thought it was
    good as it has made for cheap, almost good enough, and
    ubiquitous software --if you dont mind settling for
    mediocrity with most innovations products M$ has either
    preempted or stolen.
    what is really surprising is that there really were 30%
    who acknowledged the danger of M$ as a monopoly!     people vote for government with their wallets --voting
    for "cheaper" commerce-- even more so. Americans are     not known for their discriminating choice of products
    based on quality and function --they almost always     settle for "almost good enough" and cheap. secondly,     they are truly "sheeple" and must have what everybody
    else has which is a market driven by positive feedback     --in analog amplifiers, that often causes smokeouts--
    and controlled are commonly referred to as oscillators.
The same poll found 51 percent thought the government should
refrain from steps to reduce Microsoft's advantage over
other software companies vs. 32 percent who thought the
government should intervene.
    this one is also very telling. the 51% is peanuts     against the fact that 30% actually believe the government
    should intervene! --that is even more impressive     considering that most Americans want government to do
    less and trust federal agencies even less.
    for something as complicated as antitrust actions, I     find the 32% proactive intervention percentage rather
    warm and fuzzy in that there is a real understanding     that M$ is a malignant cancer, and needs to be treated     as such.
    M$ made a serious mistake treating the judge, the DOJ,
    and the American people with the contempt they have     always treated their competitors. gone are the home     grown 'aw shucks' appreciation of the American success
    story --Gate$ and crew have been shown to be the selfish
    4 year old brats we in the industry have all learned to
    "love"....
    the only danger of this recent poll is that M$ spin     doctors will show it as a victory --it's not. 30+%
    that want to curtail your power is not a victory --the
    percentage changed from a few hundred or a thousand of
    in the industry who feel Gate$ has long since passed     the acceptable level of control to greater than 30% of
    the population-- _that_ is significant.

@_date: 1998-01-25 12:00:12
@_author: Attila T. Hun 
@_subject: attila & maureen on Bubba 
Attila & Maureen on Clinton           Clinton's Achilles' Heel
          well, this may finally do it for Clinton.  if he was not so
          stupid, he would pack out of white house in the middle of
          the night, pick up his ill-gotten gains from Switzerland, or
          wherever he has them stashed, and disappear into the night
          --but, no, he might be forced to settle for Hillary-- which
          would be revenge served up cold --they deserve each other.           if the Asian crisis was not in full rage, and the US market
          shaky with worry, we could afford to dump Clinton in the
          dumpster --unfortunately, the spectacle of an American President
          actually being successfully impeached will probably blow the
          American and European markets right out of the water --and
          the American economy with it --that just might be Clinton's
          lasting legacy. he may deserve that footnote in history, but           the rest of us certainly do not.           the NWO powers behind our "throne" may have needed a patsy
          after their main man became unelectable, but they certainly
          could have done better than bubba. you'd think they, or even
          the Democratic power bosses who were against him in the           primaries would have done more evaluation of his bimbo
          patrol mentality before they committed.           even I was a little skeptical of the "allegations" in
          the book "Primary Colors" (particularly to the Hillary           affair) and I have been more than a little skeptical of
          the revelations of the "slave" courier/purveyors who have
          surfaced, but there may be more fire than smoke. it was
          certainly understandable why Joe Kline wrote the book as
          "Anonymous" --he must have been a cypherpunk-- or at least
          he should also have been using our anonymous remailers and
          nontracable digital cash.           God save us from Al Bore.  he needed to have a Spiro Agnew
          in his future, but Janet Reno saved his skin.  he is a
          decent sort, but I just can not handle the left-leaning
          socialist son-of-a-bitch with his sanctimonious looks --he
          needs a circuit riding preacher's floppy hat and a mule--           even if he did go to Harvard.           on the other hand, if Al Bore goes down, and they can not
          agree on a vice-president before Clinton either bales or is
          smoked out, we would have Newt --that might have been
          acceptable, except I think Newt either sold out or has been
          intimidated.             attila out for the count....       January 25, 1998       NYTimes OpEd Columnist       LIBERTIES / By MAUREEN DOWD       Not Suitable for Children       WASHINGTON -- There have been so many people rushing
      to TV studios in this giddy and cataclysmic week to
      talk about sex that networks are bringing makeup
      artists out of retirement.       The palaver about whether a 21-year-old White House
      intern had a particular kind of sex with the President
      has gotten so graphic that CNN's "Inside Politics"
      Friday featured a warning that the segment might not
      be suitable for young viewers.       Let's review what we've learned so far.       The President a liar?   Knew that.       The President a philanderer?   Knew that.       The President reckless in the satisfaction of his
      appetites?   Knew that.       The President would say anything and hurt anybody to
      get out of a mess?   Knew that.       Married men cheat?   Knew that.       Married men cheat with young women?   Knew that.       Married men who cheat with young women lie about it?
       Knew that.       Hillary isn't throwing Bill's stuff out on the White
      House lawn because she is as committed to their
      repugnant arrangement as he is?   Knew that.       The Clinton team -- those great feminists -- devising
      ways to discredit women who come forward with reports
      of Clinton peccadilloes?   Knew that.       The President and his minions dissembling and
      splitting hairs and playing semantic games and taking
      forever to find the documents until our attention
      wanders?   Knew that.       The President has the moxie to pick out a dress for a
      woman?   Didn't know that.       In the delirium of the scandal, something remarkable
      occurred.  The President reportedly admitted, in a
      deposition to Paula Jones's lawyers, that, oh, yeah,
      by the way, he did have that affair with Gennifer
      Flowers, which he so adamantly denied during the '92
      campaign.       I still remember James Carville ranting at reporters
      for being low enough to pay any mind to her, calling
      it cash for trash.       How can he go back on TV and defend Mr. Clinton in
      another sex scandal by once more trying to throw doubt
      on another damning tape?       At least Mr. Carville looked sheepish.  Mr. Clinton's       famous rapid-response team seems to have bimbo-battle       fatigue.       The tapes of Monica Lewinsky, now 24, seem believable,
      not least because we heard it all before with Gennifer
      Flowers.  Helping to get her a new job, telling her to
      say nothing went on if anyone asked.  "Deny it," Mr.
      Clinton told Ms. Flowers on tape.  "That's all.  I
      mean, I expect them to come look into it and interview
      you and everything.  But I just think if everybody's
      on record denying it, you've got no problem."  The
      whole modus operandi is right there.       Also, why did Vernon Jordan become a patron to a lowly
      Pentagon assistant if she was nothing special to the
      President?       The reality that looms before the American people is
      not the impeachment of this President.  It is the
      annulment of this President.  He has finally
      determined his own place in history.  He will be
      remembered as the priapic President.  The Oval Office
      appears to be the bachelor pad of a married man who is
      the Commander in Chief.  Like all addicts, this one is
      surrounded by enablers.       Many Americans had accepted Mr. Clinton as a charming
      rogue.  But the portrait that may be pieced together
      from the confessions of his willing and unwilling
      women now looks utterly uncharming.  Ms. Lewinsky's
      nickname for him -- "the big creep" -- could stick.       The Clinton doctrine may turn out to be nothing more
      than a view of the relationship of oral sex -- or Oval
      sex -- to adultery.  CNN's Judy Woodruff reported that
      religious scholars could find no biblical basis for
      Mr. Clinton's purported claim to an Arkansas trooper
      that the Bible says oral sex is not cheating.       Ted Koppel actually began "Nightline" Thursday with
      the following sentence:  "It may . . . ultimately come
      down to the question of whether oral sex does or does
      not constitute adultery."       Well, it sure isn't fidelity.       When Mr. Clinton says now that he can't answer
      questions about sex, lies and tapes because he must
      hurry back to governance, people will want him to
      hurry back to self-governance instead.

@_date: 1998-01-25 17:49:39
@_author: Attila T. Hun 
@_subject: Clinton needs a war with Iraq 
on or about 980124:1306, in ,     Tim May  was purported to have     expostulated to perpetuate an opinion:
    since the Korean war, American involvement in foreign wars,     or the war effort, has escalated in relationship to the     needs of the economy --the war effort boosts industrial
    utilization --eg money and the economy-- and Americans vote     with their pocketbooks.
    Clinton just might be dumb enough to consider a war footing
    would take the collective minds off his incredible stupidity
    --the man is literally being led around by his crank; bubba     must have heard too many stories about hairy palms...
    as Maureen said in the Times, most Americans had accepted     that Clinton was a charming rogue --but this last round is
    exposing the callous disregard for not only women, but truth
    and respect for privilege-- that is the end of confidence,     and like any relationship, the loss of confidence is     self-destructive.
    the concern should be for the troops who could be left     standing in the desert whistling Dixie...  Bush was able to     rally support from foreign powers, which led to domestic
    support, primarily due to his good report and respect from
    foreign leaders --bubba is a laughing stock; who will follow
    his flag.
    if the tapes are even close to real, Clinton needs to take     helicopter one to Andrews and fade into history --NOW. the     thought of Al Bore in the Presidency is appalling --but it     certainly can not be any worse than bubba. al bore will be     intractable with the Republican Congress, but so what else     is new? --at least they can not create bad law!
    I frankly dont believe you made that suggestion --the damage
    would not be to the government, but to our fellow citizens
    who have been ordered to commence action. I did not agree     with what I was orderer to do, but I did not place the lives
    of my dependent troops in danger for my beliefs --I resigned
    the commission eventually and have been a foe of their     dishonest foreign policy ever since.
    regardless of the immorality and stupidity of Clinton, there
    is no justification, and certainly no honour, for permitting
    KIA American troops to be dumped into the spectacle of being
    dragged through the streets of Somalia, etc.

@_date: 1998-01-29 01:17:35
@_author: Attila T. Hun 
@_subject: can you believe the Bulgarians? 
can you believe it? a site dedicated to declaring
    they believe Bubba is innocent! --and have a petition.
    you can join Jack The Ripper, Ted Kaczynski, Ted Bundy,
    JFK, and a host of others in support of free oral sex
    in the Whitehouse. just type your nym and vote early
    and vote often.  1300+ hits and less than 100 marks.     Monica was quoted as saying she was "going to Washington     to get her presidental knee pads."
    enjoy...         attila out again...                   in disbelief that "the Creep" is still President!

@_date: 1998-02-01 04:08:35
@_author: Attila T. Hun 
@_subject: Why This List Is A Security Risk 
that must be why the federal assholes have always denied aps
    for clearance, we are bunch of fucking subversives!     of course, I know better than that:  more than once having
    told representatives of the criminal class that I may sell
    my services on the market, but I am not your, not my,
    government's whore.      unfortunately, (yeah, right!)  they have taken a dim view of
    me --and most anyone I associate with.  well, fuck 'em if
    they cant take a joke --criticism is part of freedom and     when the govcritters figure out they represent us, not     own us; and when they stop hypocritically dictating policy     to the rest of the world, maybe we'll have something to talk
    about.
    and, if that last statement comes true, I'll not only     believe in the tooth fairy, but I'll throw in the fairy     godmother for a bonus. shit, I'll even toss in a godfather     or two...
        attila out...  grousing
    === whole text from jya ===
on or about 980130:2105, in <1.5.4.32.19980131020517.00720848 at pop.pipeline.com>,     John Young  was purported to have     expostulated to perpetuate an opinion:

@_date: 1998-07-09 12:37:00
@_author: attila 
@_subject: FC: Forget Internet restrictions -- how about banning TV? 
sounds good to me; I've raised 5 children who know how to _read_.
    I've never owned a television, never saw the need to bring cancer
    into the home. TV could have been one of the greatest educational
    tools in the existence of mankind --and, what is it? nothing more
    than bread and circus for the mass, a tool for social reoganization     and the destruction of the family.
    babysitter?  momma's little helper? not really; a creator of a
    vast unthinking social wasteland --which, of course, fits the
    policy goals of Hillay's Global Village where everybody is just
    another butterscotch pudding to her recipe.
    go not unto usenet for advice, for the inhabitants thereof will say:
      yes, and no, and maybe, and I don't know, and fuck-off.
_________________________________________________________________ attila__

@_date: 1998-07-09 14:47:28
@_author: attila 
@_subject: FC: Forget Internet restrictions -- how about banning TV? 
point duly noted.  however, TV as a degenerative (self eating     watermelon) force is an option --which I took by refusing it
    the privilege of its one eyed stare. never owned one as the
    fraction of worthwhile programming is overwhelmed by mind-fuck.
    by all means. Hillary is an unprincipled, amoral automan who
    expects her comforts.      the Talliban/Taleban/or_however_whichever_network_spells_it is
    religious fanaticism; no worse than the Catholic Inquisition I
    would expect, but that's not saying much.
    Hillary can be beaten back into her cage...  Taleban fanaticism
    ends only with their death(s).
    There is no safety this side of the grave.  Never was; never will be.
 ________________________________________________________________attila__

@_date: 1998-07-09 14:53:07
@_author: attila 
@_subject: FC: Forget Internet restrictions -- how about banning TV? 
I didnt miss the point, Harv...       at least I am free to choose whether or not I grant the one-eyed
    beast an audience, the Taleban have precluded that choice.     TV _had_ enormous potential; it has been squandered. ergo, I chose.
    To be a ruler of men, you need at least 12 inches....
_________________________________________________________________ attila__

@_date: 1998-07-09 21:01:25
@_author: attila 
@_subject: FC: Forget Internet restrictions -- how about banning TV? 
bag limit? heavens, no! in fact, the last I heard there was a $5/ear
    bounty.  and someone else told me they, like lawyers, taste "just
    like chicken"   --bok-bok--
    go not unto usenet for advice, for the inhabitants thereof will say:
      yes, and no, and maybe, and I don't know, and fuck-off.
_________________________________________________________________ attila__

@_date: 1998-07-10 12:58:54
@_author: attila 
@_subject: FC: Possessing fake IDs soon to be a federal crime (& Y2K) 
oh, shit. does that mean I will be forced to tell everyone my real
    name is FUD?  or TruthMonger? or, even HugeCajones? at least it's
    not DV_KOTM!
    speaking of the late, lamentable foul mouth... whatever happened to
    dmitri?

@_date: 1998-07-19 12:29:13
@_author: attila 
@_subject: Covert Access to Data and ID 
there is no such word as "can not" in terms of covert surveillance;
    however, if the method is to be universal, the gubmnt will need to
    1.  enforce drastic standardization of hardware systems if the   	    if they are not already developing it.  for instance,
    2.  enforce drastic standardization of operating systems to support
    3.	provide some means of transparently piggy-backing the information
    4.  establish data collection centers
    5.  establish prescreen and select for analysis data processing
    6.  analysis software
    bottom line:  we aint there yet.  however, a van outside in the
    street can pick up the signals from hundreds of machines.            which made scanning rather difficult - more effective than
    there is no question the government expects intrusive technology. the
    burrow-critters are running on high-octane paranoia and they intend
    to preserve the status quo of governing without our consent.  their
    historical means of controlling the news is running out of headroom;
    the internet gossip lines are faster than their reaction times.
    I certainly would not want to say the feds could not initiate and/or
    enforce any or all of the above requirements, but there is a point
    where even the American sloths will rise up and start the process
    of creating martyrs for the cause.
    a more probable approach is to limit the desemination of information
    by "known" opponents of government actions (trivial by blocking their     network access once the control the ISPs; and     maybe a few high profile trials with lead jacket incarcerations to     scare off some of the less vociferous (dont say they cant jail us all).
    lastly, I look at it this way: for every measure, there is a counter-
    measure. if I can not determine the existence of SIGINT transmissions
    from my hardware/software, I'll be hanging up my spurs.  after all,
    listening to gubmnt propoganda in both ears is redundent, who needs it?
    	attila out...
   _________
    go not unto usenet for advice, for the inhabitants thereof will say:
      yes, and no, and maybe, and I don't know, and fuck-off.
_________________________________________________________________ attila__
    To be a ruler of men, you need at least 12 inches....
    There is no safety this side of the grave.  Never was; never will be.

@_date: 1998-07-27 12:02:43
@_author: attila 
@_subject: FDR 
are you really calling this cretinous, brain dead sorry excuse for a
    human being who was not worth being spat upon by the crippled camel of
    a third-world pepophilic dictator with poor table manners, the
    greatest President in our history?     man, you're one sick puppy.
    are we talking about the same President?  really? FDR? the man who
    sold our country into perpetual slavery on 08 Mar 33?  4 days after
    he was inaugerated in a speech where he "warned" he was asking for
    emergency powers, even stronger than war time powers?
    who managed to coerce a Congress, not even given a chance to read     what they were signing, into a declaration of national emergency     so this so called American could suspend the constitution, amend the     WWI "trading with the enemy" act so the citizens of what was once     the USA were also included among the  enemy...? who pledged -us- and
    all our property into the servitude of the  Federal Reserve and its     private owners, of which more than 50% is foreign?
    the same man who forfeited our good faith and credit to the bankers
    in bamkruptcy so the U.S. is now subject to Admiralty law and flies
    the gold fringed flag of martial law in all its courtrooms?
    the same man who inaugerated the Executive Order provision which gives
    the President and Secretary of the Treasury the power to rule without
    Congress?  and to enshrine the executive order into part of the US
    Code (USC 963, I believe)?     who contracted with the international bankers to print paper money as     Federal Reserve notes for which he owed the bankers the cash he had     just printed plus interest while they used the cash to buy the T-bills
    (the instrument of indebtedness)? --and confiscated private gold at
    $20 an Oz --later setting the standard at $34/Oz so the insiders made
    a killing?     the same man who tried to pack the Supreme Court?     the same man who  ran for a third term on an isolationist platform
    romising every mother that her sons would not fight a foreign war     then diplomatically left Japan no option but to go to war?     the same man who left Pearl Harbor out of loop with no code books for     the Red or Purple code so the defining act to start America in the war     wasted the Pacific Fleet with its ammo in the warehouses to be blown     up, 2,000+ dead, and battleships lying on the bottom?     the same man who violated the law and defied Congress with the     Lend-Lease program, gave away half of Europe to Russia, handed Russia     Berlin?  the same man whose two closest advisers were communists?      I always wanted to believe Alger Hiss was innocent as his son Tony     was in my class at Harvard --he wasnt innocent, nor were the Rosenbergs     as the CIA had cracked the code but would not show it in court --they     even knew who handed over the trigger mechanism (never punished and he     left the U.S. after the Manhattan project and taught for many years at     Oxford).
    yep, good Ol' Uncle Joe Stalin's best friend, along with bankers like
    Schiff who financed the Russians.     it's no conspiracy that Prescott Bush was complicite, but left holding     the bag. when the U.S. in '42 confiscated Union Bank which was started     by George's grandfather Herbert Walker -that's why George ran away from     home, joined the air corps and became a war hero at 18. why was the
    bank grabbed --Union was a front for A.G. Farber and for Hitler
    --Walker and his friends had been funding Hitler since the early     twenties --why? greed and power.     it's no conspiracy; it's history, in black and white Universal news     reels.      FDR, the incestuous son of bitch (Eleanor was is cousin) should have     been shot for treason --along with Eleanor. McCarthy, a scum-bag  if     there ever was one, was far closer to the truth than he ever knew.
    wake up and smell the roses! they've been fertilized by the shit of
    Eleanor Roosevelt for many years --she's still crapping in the White
    House garden for the first bitch to read the tea rose leaves.      there are no conspiracies, just men behaving like they always do; the
    vulture capitalists is that they only back off when their fear exceeds     their greed.  politicians arent smart enough to back off their greed     and their thirst for power as they blasphemously take take the oath     of office.
    there are no conspiracies; it's nothing more than man fouling his own
    nest; the normal progression of history which no-one learns so they     repeat the same mistakes --the well-fed populace is too lazy to take
    an interest in their own government until it is too late.
    there is no left and right; there is no moral government; it's all
    about power and staying in power.  ever notice how reformers only
    stay reformers until they need to run for reelection and the money
    goes to those who play ball?
    what key? there is no key... except "mene, mene, tikel, upharrison"     (or whatever it was on the wall).  just open your eyes and view the     sewer around you. the fertilizer in the fields is now distributing
    "radioactive" waste --effluent courtesy of your politicians.
    the U.S. is already an oligarchy, next comes the plutocracy, followed
    by the triumvirate, and then the emporer (maybe with clothes) -then
    there will be a winnowing and anarchy followed by tribal states. welcome
    to history, but few will live to see it run its course --America, the
    universally hated, will be the first to be plowed under when she can
    no longer bully or buy the -pax americanus-. and the men in power know
    that a hungry disorganized populace can be subjugated by a well fed
    army.
    sorry, I really am crazy, but it's better to be crazy than insane.
    another Brit/American selling his ass to the world....
    yeah, but he's a rich ass...
    go not unto usenet for advice, for the inhabitants thereof will say:
      yes, and no, and maybe, and I don't know, and fuck-off.
_________________________________________________________________ attila__
    To be a ruler of men, you need at least 12 inches....
    There is no safety this side of the grave.  Never was; never will be.

@_date: 1998-07-28 08:31:11
@_author: attila 
@_subject: FDR 
on the Harvard Crimson editorial staff together). I will also
    go not unto usenet for advice, for the inhabitants thereof will say:
      yes, and no, and maybe, and I don't know, and fuck-off.
_________________________________________________________________ attila__

@_date: 1998-07-28 11:19:21
@_author: attila 
@_subject: "Where's Toto?" 
y'al are missing the tornado: "Toto" is a small dog. rather
    territorial in fact. now, since I have literally made the     acquaintance of both "Toto" and his master/mistress, I shall     leave the reader to solve the exercise of "who is the master?"
    clue: it's not attila!
    clue: all truth can be found in "Alice in Wonderland"
    go not unto usenet for advice, for the inhabitants thereof will say:
      yes, and no, and maybe, and I don't know, and fuck-off.
_________________________________________________________________ attila__
    To be a ruler of men, you need at least 12 inches....
    There is no safety this side of the grave.  Never was; never will be.

@_date: 1998-07-28 12:22:56
@_author: attila 
@_subject: MItSchill Millhouse Holler'in 
[smoke the balderdash]
    	are you paranoid?  "dread" is a contributing factor to paranoia.
 	with small lies that the little boy in Holland did not cover with
    a disgusting comment which fits a research (bio)chemist in Turkey
    where birth control reminds me of:
   	the father of the bride, who was marrying a Turk, told her that
    To be a ruler of men, you need at least 12 inches....
_________________________________________________________________ attila__

@_date: 1998-07-28 14:42:13
@_author: attila 
@_subject: and the number of the beast is.... 
see: Paul may be a kook to some, but he has the courage to stand against the forces who wish to take all our liberties --or should I say, those
few we have been permitted to keep.
Is it only a coincidence that the Social Security Admistration published the new requirements for the national ID in Section 666 of the code?
   "...and I looked, and behold a pale horse: and his name that sat on him was Death, and Hell followed with him." [RV 6-8]
   "and he causeth all, both small and great, rich and poor, free and bond,
to receive a markin  their right hand, or in their foreheads; [Rv13-16]
   "and that no man might buy or sell, save he that had the mark, or the name of the beast, or the number of his name; [Rv13-17]
   "Here is wisdom. Let him that hath understanding count the number of the beast: for it is the number of a man; and his number is Six Hundred threescore and six" [Rv13-18]
    OK, Mitch, it says it all in Revelation --and it is happening. See
    the article on defending yourself from Federal conspiracy charges
    which was posted to the list a few minutes ago by anonymous.
    I always define conspiracy as three guys getting drunk at a bar
    while discussing the idea of robbing the bank across the street.
    one passes out and the other two go across the street and attempt
    to rob the bank; all three are tried and convicted: two for robbing
    the bank; and three for conspiracy to rob the bank.
    so, be careful who you associate with; in Turkey you just might get
    rolled over....

@_date: 1998-06-24 05:50:19
@_author: attila 
@_subject: abortion [was: Banning privacy: A radical proposal] 
no, abortion does not serve the interests of limiting the
    "undesirables" to meet elitist population control ideas.  quite
    the opposite --the various machinations of the extremeist
    conservative [bowel] movement and depriving of abortion funds     has meant that abortion is available only to the haves. same
    result in U.S. foreign policy which excludes not only abortion
    services from foreign aid disbursement, but also birth control.
    so, the population of "bean pickers, niggers, and white trash"
    increases relative to the desired "white" population --rather
    dramatically --"elitist" families have negative population
    growth; several of the others have factors as high as 300%.
    personally, I am against abortion-- however, I'll be damned if
    I would deny anyone else either the right or the means to make
    that personal decision. it is not a question of morality; it is
    a fundamental right to freedom of choice unencumbered by an
    increasingly invasive federal government --the first Bitch can
    take her Global Village into her house, not mine.
    go not unto usenet for advice, for the inhabitants thereof will say:
      yes, and no, and maybe, and I don't know, and fuck-off.
_________________________________________________________________ attila__
    To be a ruler of men, you need at least 12 inches....
    There is no safety this side of the grave.  Never was; never will be.

@_date: 1998-06-24 09:11:11
@_author: attila 
@_subject: Banning privacy: A radical proposal 
as I said, I am personally against abortion, but your point is
    absolutely correct: it is "the freedom to chose" on the part of
    the woman who must carry the _potential_ child to term  --and,
    yes, the woman is the 'sine qua non' condition.
    what the absolutists in the Right to Life movements do not
    understand, and refuse to accept, is that they have _no_ God
    given right to tell another what they can or can not do that
    does not _directly_ infringe on their own rights; as a
    consequence, the fanatics believe they have the God given
    right to legislate morality --and then there are back alley
    coat hanger abortions where the nascent mother is placed
    at an unacceptable risk.
    and, there is nothing sadder than an unwanted, often fatherless,     child.
and you better believe the following are indisputable truths....
    go not unto usenet for advice, for the inhabitants thereof will say:
      yes, and no, and maybe, and I don't know, and fuck-off.
_________________________________________________________________ attila__
    To be a ruler of men, you need at least 12 inches....
    There is no safety this side of the grave.  Never was; never will be.

@_date: 1998-06-24 20:19:00
@_author: attila 
@_subject: Banning privacy: A radical proposal 
what I said was that I am _personally_ against abortion;  and,
    yes, I _personally_ consider it a offense against our God; but,
    I do not go so far as to say it is murder in the social context;     I do believe that is not my privilege to tell another they can
    not commit the sin of "choosing when their legs went in the     air"; and, abortion statistics show that the vast majority of
    abortions are for "mistakes" or failure of birth control. keep
    in mind, the extreme right has also been campaigning to
    eliminate the availability of birth control --which then raises
    the abortion rate... and, if you want to shade the argument,
    should all abortion be illegal?  date rape? rape? deformity?
    downs syndrome, bifidia? health of the mother?
    yes, let's drop the subject as there is no solution.      few can debate the issue calmly, or even intelligently. I just
    look at abortion as a fact of society that has been with us for
    milleniums; you cant stop it any more than Prohibition was
    successful, or the War on Drugs has been successful.  why does
    the government continue the war on drugs? simple, it's
    profitable for them in many ways (as the largest vendor, if
    nothing else).     besides, if we want to have a pissing contest, I am as far right
    as it goes --with one exception: I dont want to change anyone!
    we call it "free-agency" --them that wish to go to Hell, line     up on the left! --or dont, if you do not wish to-- the choice
    is yours.
    'nuff said!
three things I dont tolerate:  crackers, fed stoolies, and toadies.

@_date: 1998-06-29 04:31:51
@_author: attila 
@_subject: saving the world from a cancerous monopoly 
arrogant monster which has devoured more of societies'     go not unto usenet for advice, for the inhabitants thereof will say:
      yes, and no, and maybe, and I don't know, and fuck-off.
_________________________________________________________________ attila__

@_date: 1998-09-10 20:36:06
@_author: attila 
@_subject: tickling the cheshire cat 
let's see, the banks other than the select few bankers' banks and
    the Rockefeller-Rothschild central bank cartels are out 'n' billion,
    but that only represents an infinitesimal fraction of the middle class
    loss since it's paper to the banks, but life savings to the middle class.
    Thailand, Indonesia, Malaysia, Korea --the pet tigers of the US-Brit
    money cartels all propped up, but actually setup by the IMF and their
    rules which destroy their infrastructure in favour of the cartel.
    suckers one, suckers all.
    Japan started it all with their economic isolation, multi-level
    cronyism, state sponsored economic terror, and scientific cannibalism.
    Japan sits on 50% crony-deals and the banks are falling like dominoes,
    but Japan today is Japan for centuries; they wont take their medicine.
    The Arabs are in hock up to their headbands and real income in
    Saudi Arabia has fallen from 14,000 in 1991 to less than 4,000
    today...  but, now they wont fight each other as they found the     common unifier as the Tomahawk IIs crashed into Sudan and     Afghanistan.
    Italy, France, and even Germany cooked their books to make the
    Masstricht and Germany suffers from 13% unemployment; the EC can not     afford their socialism and Kohl will need a new dinner table.
    Russia caves in after the mob bilked the international money market
    for over $500 billion!  the summit of the doomed: pairing a demented,
    addled drunk with a moral bankrupt went Saturday Night Live...
    and the only two economies which have been able to maintain their
    standard of living are watching...
    meanwhile, Rubin cooks the books, steals the Social Security
    Administration's kitty for unfunded IOUs.  the export of money
    grows and grows and grows --to China, whose state planned economy
    is as crony booked as Japan and China is preoccupied with learning
    to swim.
    Clinton thinks he can apologize for anything and Blair is playing
    cards in the back room. Ambrose came back to Washington to wait     for the kill. forget the report to Congress, give the backup
    material the fraudulent duo buried in 100 graves to hollyweird     --they wont need new plots for years.
    follow the money... dont worry about value; it's only relevant.

@_date: 1998-09-11 19:15:21
@_author: attila 
@_subject: Newspaper Ad Project 
I think you'll find that you can buy multicolumn display ads
    cheaper than classifieds --where you can also get multi-column.
    display ad is almost always cheaper for one shot; and, you have
    a choice of position --and therefore cost

@_date: 1998-09-14 16:19:47
@_author: attila 
@_subject: Clinton--Why I am Chortling 
as much as I think Clinton is a scurrilous excuse for a human being,
    I could not agree with you more.  besides, Al Bore is worse.
    let Clinton hang, pecker and all.
    To be a ruler of men, you need at least 12 inches.... _________________________________________________________________ attila__

@_date: 1998-09-14 19:45:59
@_author: attila 
@_subject: Clinton--Why I am Chortling (fwd) 
I suspect _you_ can handle the power imbalance. Monica is not exactly
    what I would call a collected, stable example of the female species.
    she was scrambled from her parents divorce, was anxious to be both
    liked and approved, and she told the high school teacher she had
    been babysitter for _and_ rolling (sounds like a Kennedy doesn't it)
    that she was in Washington earning her "knee pads" with Clinton.      now, that's an unstable freak who is attracted to father figures     (Electra complex, if you will) and absolute power over her.
    I dont think as a woman you can understand the fear a male boss
    feels; even if there is a genuine love interest, you crap in your
    own hat, it will be served up to you some day. or as it is sometimes
    stated: "...dont get your meat where you earn your bread...."
    it doesnt matter whether Monica hiked her dress, or Clinton dropped
    his trou (which is more likely given his track record)
    even if Monica was "a willing, consenting adult", any man in a
    position of power who takes advantage of a star-struck female
    30 years his junior is guilty of an abuse of power (personal) and
    in this case using the position of "The President of the United
    States" as his instrument of power --end of story.
    to be a "consensual act", the woman certainly needs to not be
    an emotional disaster --and not be preyed upon by a raging
    psychopath who has no more common sense than a drunken fraternity
    brat who says: "Hi, my name is Bill Clinton, let's fuck!"
    she's sick...  simple as that. apparently she was not exactly
    monogamous;     probably saved used prophylactics from the rest of them.     note one of her last snivels to Clinton was that she wanted     to do the "horizontal bop" --just once.     the whole thing is sick.
    stupid Americans only vote with their wallet.
    the American bread and circus mentality does not care...     if the economy had already fallen, they would howl Clinton out of
    office faster than a school principal accused by some mother who     misunderstood her 5 year old.
    however, leave the scurrilous bag of camel dung in office; the
    government bogged down and consumed with its own evil is a     government which is too preoccupied to maximize the damage they
    are doing to the country and the world. maybe they will leave
    us alone.
    like I said before: leave Clinton alone --Al Bore is worse; and,
    I'll even put up with the bitch over Tipper.
    To be a ruler of men, you need at least 12 inches....
_________________________________________________________________ attila__

@_date: 1998-09-14 19:50:28
@_author: attila 
@_subject: Clinton still doesnt get it 
25 years of Clinton's raging pscyhopathic, oversexed behavior:
    Hillary has been a willing partner.
    nothing but control freaques and obscene power trippers. there
    is only amorality in that house --and power by any means.
New York Times
September 13, 1998 IN AMERICA/By BOB HERBERT Still Doesn't Get It David Maraniss, in his biography of Bill Clinton, "First in His Class," writes about an "intense relationship" that Mr. Clinton had with a young woman who had volunteered to work in his first campaign for public office. Mr. Clinton was running for Congress and the woman was a student at the University of Arkansas. A campaign aide, quoted in the book, said, "The staff tried to ignore it as long as it didn't interfere with the campaign." But it did interfere, because Mr. Clinton was also intensely involved with Hillary Rodham.  "The tension at campaign headquarters increased considerably when Rodham arrived as people there tried to deal with the situation. Both women seemed on edge. The Arkansas girlfriend would ask people about Hillary: what she was like, and whether Clinton was going to marry her. When she was at headquarters, someone would sneak her out the back door if Rodham was spotted pulling into the driveway." It was all there more than two decades ago at the very beginning of Bill Clinton's political journey: the thoughtlessness, the recklessness, the wanton use of friends and associates to cover up his ugly behavior, the willingness to jeopardize the hopes and dreams of people who were working for him and trusted him, the betrayal of those closest to him. There is nothing new in Kenneth Starr's report, just confirmation in extreme and at times lurid detail of the type of person Mr. Clinton has always been. In 1992, when he was running for President and people across the nation were investing their time, money and even their careers in him, he rewarded them with the Gennifer Flowers scandal. He carried his psychodrama onto national television when he went on "60 Minutes" and, with Mrs. Clinton at his side, called Ms. Flowers a liar. He told Steve Kroft and 30 million viewers: "It was only when money came up, when the tabloid went down there offering people money to say that they had been involved with me, that she changed her story. There's a recession on, times are tough, and I think you can expect more and more of these stories as long as they're down there handing out money." In other words, it was the economy, stupid. But even as he was denying that he had had a sexual relationship with Gennifer Flowers, Mr. Clinton was going out of his way on "60 Minutes" to convey to the public that he had learned a lesson, that he had matured and that his irresponsible behavior would not be a problem if he were elected President. "I have absolutely leveled with the American people," he said. In fact, his comments were about as level as the Himalayas. We now know that he was willing to risk everything, his family, his Presidency, the welfare of the nation, on a dangerous fling with a White House intern. For him, it must have been great fun. He got to play so many people for fools. He got to chat on the phone with Congressmen while engaging in sex. He got to play hide and seek with the Secret Service. Very mature behavior. Now the Clinton psychodrama has much of the Government paralyzed and the Democratic Party in a state of panic. But Mr. Clinton still doesn't get it. On Thursday he met with the members of his Cabinet, who had been duped and lied to like so many others. He went into his emotional routine and said he was oh-so-sorry, etc. He begged for forgiveness. But he got upset when the Secretary of Health and Human Services, Donna Shalala, said that she was appalled by his behavior. Ms. Shalala complained that the President seemed to believe that pursuing his policies and programs was more important than providing moral leadership. A story in The Washington Post said Mr. Clinton responded sharply to Ms. Shalala, rebuking her. My understanding is that his response was critical but not harsh. Either way, it's clear that Mr. Clinton has not learned the requisite lessons. He lied to Ms. Shalala months ago and sent her out to lie to the public, and now he's criticizing her. The President is not sorry. He's apologizing because there's a gun at his head. He's not changing what he now describes as his sinful ways. He's trying to manipulate public opinion so he can survive to sin again. The psychodrama remains as long as he remains. There are no surprises here. With Bill Clinton, it was ever thus.

@_date: 1998-09-14 19:56:02
@_author: attila 
@_subject: a few facts on Presidential peccadillos (fwd) 
power trippers attract willing victims.
    enjoy...
1. Which president smoked marijuana with a nude playgirl while he joked
about being too wasted to "push the button" in case of nuclear attack?
2. Which president allegedly had affairs with both a winner AND a
finalist in the Miss America pageant?
3. Which president had sex with one of his secretaries stretched out
atop a desk in the oval office?
4. Which president allegedly had an affair (as well as children) with a
slave who was his wife's half sister?
5. Which president called his mistress "Pookie"?
6. Which president married a woman who hadn't yet divorced her first
husband, and was branded an "adulterer" during his re-election campaign?
7. Which future president wrote love letters to his neighbor's wife
while he was engaged to someone else?
8. Which president had a torrid affair with the first lady's personal
9. Which president had sex with a young woman in a White House coat
closet - at one point, while a secret service agent prevented the
hysterical first lady from attacking them?
10. Which president had sex in a closet while telling his partner about
the *other* president who did the same in a closet? (The one from
Question 9)?
11. Which vice president was ticked off because he felt that HIS record
of sexual conquests was much more "impressive" (i.e. numerous) than the
12. Which future president, while a college student, enjoyed showing off
his penis (which he named Jumbo)?
1.  John F. Kennedy
2.  Bill Clinton
3.  Lyndon B. Johnson
4.  Thomas Jefferson
5.  Bill Clinton
6.  Andrew Jackson
7.  Lyndon B. Johnson
8.  Franklin D. Roosevelt, John F. Kennedy
9.  Warren G. Harding
10. John F. Kennedy
11. Lyndon B. Johnson
12. Lyndon B. Johnson

@_date: 1998-09-16 11:54:17
@_author: attila 
@_subject: Clinton still doesnt get it 
the American public was informed, and snowed under by the Clintons
  together on TV; unfortunately, the stories very true.  and, it   should have been abundantly clear that Hillary, and her far left   agenda, was driving the car.
  I "like" Clinton for one thing only: he _is_ a made for TV
  President who _could_ project an image to the world which would
  make Americans proud to be Americans.  unfortunately, he never
  graduated from the sandbox" "...it's mine... it's all mine...."
  I will grudgingly give Bill credit for accepting the clarion call   for him to reign in Hillary, after the health care package she
  shepherded by fascist means, and the largest tax increase in   some time; to be a Centrist --too bad it took Newt Gingrich and
  friends to deliver the message.
  however, my premise, which you did not include underneath the   said by (in fact, the mail [mis]quoting potential places some of
  our more vociferous philosopher kings in jeopardy), is that for
  whatever reason, Clinton was born without, or destroyed enroute,
  any sense of morality --Bill is, and has been, the man who must
  honestly believe he has the right to play the game without rules.
  Hillary is unquestionably obsessed not only with power, but   revenge for her enemies.    well, the process goes on; Starr is back to working on White-
  watergate, Fostergate, Travelgate, FBIgate, and a few more   "?-gates" --the primary focus probably on Hillary.
  and, as much as I think the two of them are scurrilous pests   which should be dealt with by Terminix, I don't like the process;
  does America have any pride? not much, and hanging Hillary or   Bill will leave America just that much poorer.
  correct; and I was one complainer, and part of the group which   started coderpunks.   but, cypherpunks, and the arguments and   discourses, is an excellent diversion --with the exception of the   often one-sided "arbitration and adjudication" of opinion.
  anyone who can follow the threads of cypherpunks continuously
  has too much time on their hands; I can only afford the luxury
  of the occasional hit and run.
    go not unto usenet for advice, for the inhabitants thereof will say:
      yes, and no, and maybe, and I don't know, and fuck-off.
_________________________________________________________________ attila__

@_date: 1998-09-20 04:14:42
@_author: attila 
@_subject: Clinton's fake apologies (fwd) 
[snip bunch of a good ream applied where required --]
    we all know that -- the question is whether or not the Klintons have
    left enough witnesses alive to prove it!  who's next on their hit
    parade?
    perfect! slap! slap! let's do it again!
    cant do this one more than once unless it's Vince Foster.
    yup, praise the Lord, and pass the ammo; we'll even help a few you
    fellows out [the door].
    gave me a good laugh --thanx, Reeza!
    ooo-rah!
    go not unto usenet for advice, for the inhabitants thereof will say:
      yes, and no, and maybe, and I don't know, and fuck-off.
_________________________________________________________________ attila__
    To be a ruler of men, you need at least 12 inches....
    There is no safety this side of the grave.  Never was; never will be.

@_date: 1998-09-20 17:57:02
@_author: attila 
@_subject: It's Sunday and there's a hurricane coming... 
careful, Bob --they'll be saying this reeks of another
    philosophical argument which has two CPers MIA.
    Big Brother is watching the list --or at least the IRS-CID is.
    P.S. BTW, IMNSOHO, good fiction and worth the read!
    go not unto usenet for advice, for the inhabitants thereof will say:
      yes, and no, and maybe, and I don't know, and fuck-off.
_________________________________________________________________ attila__
    To be a ruler of men, you need at least 12 inches....
    There is no safety this side of the grave.  Never was; never will be.

@_date: 1998-09-21 09:22:29
@_author: attila 
@_subject: This is a listed crime? 
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA1
  dont want to take the time to look up the 18 USC reference, but
  providing deliberately false information to _any_ federal agent   is a felony--  that includes the IRS. if nothing else, such as
  telling a federal agent to fuck-off, they will charge you with
  obstruction of justice.
  for all who think the Bill of Rights really means something,   consider:
    silence 		obstruction of justice
    false information	lying to a federal agent in course of ...
    ...
  too many to list; also, each of the regulatory agencies have
  their own courts and regulations which usurp the Congressional
  mandate for legislation of the Constitution. The regulatory
  courts have broad powers and their decisions, both criminal and
  civil, can be entered in Federal District Court; you, of course,
  have right of review in Federal District Court, for what that is
  worth --by the time you get that far in the procedings, you're
  out of money for the mandatory lawyers the original 13th amendment
  was created to prevent --the government has confiscated your
  property without due process, and before "conviction" under the
  seizure laws which permit them to grab assets at the time of
  the arrest --even if you are acquitted, there is little if any
  guarantee your property will be restored --if in the meantime
  it is sold at 10 cents on the dollar at auction, you may be   entitled to that dime.
  welcome to democracy in action.
  	attila out....
    go not unto usenet for advice, for the inhabitants thereof will say:
      yes, and no, and maybe, and I don't know, and fuck-off.
_________________________________________________________________ attila__
    To be a ruler of men, you need at least 12 inches....
    There is no safety this side of the grave.  Never was; never will be.

@_date: 1998-09-21 10:31:20
@_author: attila 
@_subject: atheism (was: RE: Democracy... (fwd)) (fwd) 
Hash: SHA1
   [snip]
    agreed, the strong v. weak atheist argument is _impossible_.     however, an interesting premise I posited to my 14 year old son
    who had gone through his scientific awareness state and
    consequently declared himself an "aethist". at the time he was in
    a boarding school and we were in conversation with the chief
    counselor who happened to be a member of an LDS bishopric:
      kid:	  yes, an aethist.
      father:	  so... you "deny" God's existence since their is no
      		  "proof" of His existence. did you ever consider that in
      		  order to "deny" anything, you must have defined that
      		  concept?  in other words, to deny God, you must have
      		  determined that I or someone else has defined God in
      		  order for you to be able to "deny" God?
      ...
      counselor:  is there a difference between belief and faith?
      ...
      father:	  aethism is a concept which is almost impossible to
      		  define as it is a denial that if it could it doesnt.
      		  it is much easier to defend "agnosticism" where you
      		  admit you do not believe, or have faith, because you
      		  lack sufficient scientific proof. aethism is not
     		  doubting, it is denying, even in the face of proof.
      		  consider this in terms of both belief and faith:
    without missing a heartbeat:
      counselor:  I think you better get down on your knees and pray!
    I seriously thought I would face an LDS disciplinary council for
    that spontaneous off-the-wall comment. I didn't, but I have rocked
    more than a few boats. and, it does point out the extent to which
    belief is based on faith. to the literalists who point to Genesis
    and "God created man in his own image" I always suggest that God
    in the process could have refined homo sapiens over the years and     the original creation may have been significantly more endowed
    with hair; secondly, God can appear to man in any form He chooses:
    the burning bush, the blinding light to Saul, etc.
    however, stating beliefs and disbeliefs is fine; trying to convince
    another whose beliefs or disbeliefs are securely anchored in whatever
    they believe as truth, is futile. I will accept, without trying to
    change, anyone's "religious" beliefs as their beliefs; I only ask     they extend the same tolerance to me.
    [snip]

@_date: 1998-09-21 12:57:54
@_author: attila 
@_subject: This is a listed crime? 
Hash: SHA1
    agreed, in theory. but how do you protect yourself when two or more
    take the stand and swear under oath that you said: "......" or, even:
    "I dont know nuthin' 'bout it" --which has already been interpreted
    to a lie it can be proved to a material witness, etc.
    dealing with the Feds is very similiar to the pecking order of traffic
    which was suggest to me once in Zuerich:
    	trolleys
    	lorries
    	buses
    	natives
    presume the man with a badge and a gun is a native. the burden of
    proof is on you that an agent of our honest, democratically elected
    government is harassing you. I have seen clear evidence of wiretapping
    presented, the judge called two gestapos to the stand, and asked them
    point blank: "did you wiretap [authorized or unauthoized], or were     you aware of a wiretap; or did you receive reliable or unreliable
    information which might have been only obtainable by wiretap or
    bugging?" and watch both agents straight face lie --one going so
    far as to say: "no, your Honor, that would be against the law.
    in the same vein of evidence: why do "officers of the law" carry an
    extra Saturday Night Special? --in case they drop someone, they can
    justify their assassination on the basis the deceased was armed and
    dangerous; or, why does a wanted poster for a meek bean counter who
    disappeared after touching his employer say: "presume armed and     dangerous"? --covers LEOs if they drop the miscreant on sight.
    the intent of the laws should be evident to everyone. the reality of
    the laws is the rules of evidence are heavily loaded in favour of
    the armed and dangerous officers sworn to uphold the law --as they
    see fit. a little old lady who only walks to the store and to church
    can be busted for something --be creative.
    the U.S. legal system has been distorted to the point it could
    easily be considered the enforcement arm of a totalitarian state.
    I do consider we have had a valid government since 08 Mar 1933 when
    FDR, 4 days after his inaugeration hoodwinked Congress into make
    'us' the enemy in the Trading With the Enemy Act of 1917, validating
    the executive order, and declaring a national emergency. all three
    actions still stand -the national emergency continues.
    the American theory is wonderful; the American experience not always
    so wonderful.

@_date: 1998-09-23 02:07:46
@_author: attila 
@_subject: This is a listed crime? 
Duncan is correct in that they can not make you talk; but as     you point out, there is the 48 hour issue, and bogus charges
    which are throwaways, if need be. they are the keeper, you are
    the kept.
    that was part of the point I was making; but they can also charge
    you with obstruction of justice which is one of those were you
    are really left with the burden of proof, not them. it is a whole
    easier to defend a guilty party than it is to defend a party who
    been unjustly charged --as a form of coercion or politics. if their
    is no guilt, on what basis do you defend other than mistaken
    identity and the corrupt officers are firm in their ID --you?
    as a related issue, the public often rails against a judge who
    releases more than average for technical reasons; I dont agree:
    the judge is just more honest and expects "lawless" and LEOs
    to obey the rules.
    jury nullication is a serious risk.  judges believe they have the
    right to define the rules under which you vote and are likely to
    order serious sanctions or even time for defying his house rules.
    I view it as a matter of Constitutional right and the choice of
    arriving at the gate with the truth in hand.  I expect prosecutors
    are including questions on nullification more often.  Aspen, or
    Denver has a case know where a judge is nailing a juror who did not
    volunteer the information she was an advocate of juror's right
    -she did what I would suggest: showed up non-descript, and sat
    there dumb and happy, and never objected to anything. it is     highly questionable that she was silent with the intention of
    impeding justice.
    what most Americans are just beginning to grok is that LEOs and
    the Judges are part of an ongoing enterprise which in theory is
    designed to protect us from the forces of evil. however, it must
    be considered that the person on trial is facing a "me v.them"
    arrangement of convenience.

@_date: 1998-09-30 16:57:32
@_author: attila 
@_subject: IP: The virtual president 
no, Lazlo...  don't be naive; "The People" dont have any say.
    "Someone else," aka "Flagship" == "Geo. Bush"
    I said (documented) in 1986 during Reagan's presidency:
    Geo. Bush had not yet been elected President...
    ~~~	absolutely incredible article; a perfect description and
    go not unto usenet for advice, for the inhabitants thereof will say:
      yes, and no, and maybe, and I don't know, and fuck-off.
_________________________________________________________________ attila__

@_date: 2001-10-03 21:55:07
@_author: attila! 
@_subject: [RANT] US/Brits call off first round of attacks 
A non-text attachment was scrubbed...
Name: not available
Type: text/html
Size: 8627 bytes
Desc: not available
URL:

@_date: 2001-10-04 18:54:59
@_author: attila! 
@_subject: RANT: God save this great land from Tony Blair 
A non-text attachment was scrubbed...
Name: not available
Type: text/html
Size: 7934 bytes
Desc: not available
URL:

@_date: 2001-10-06 01:48:38
@_author: attila! 
@_subject: [RANT] Deja Vu? 07 Dec 1941 with Edward R Murrow 
A non-text attachment was scrubbed...
Name: not available
Type: text/html
Size: 12911 bytes
Desc: not available
URL:

@_date: 2001-10-10 05:12:14
@_author: attila! 
@_subject: The Case For Anarchy 
A non-text attachment was scrubbed...
Name: not available
Type: text/html
Size: 39031 bytes
Desc: not available
URL:

@_date: 2001-10-24 04:43:17
@_author: attila! 
@_subject: [RANT] Unfettered immigration is rapidly shifting the ethnic 
A non-text attachment was scrubbed...
Name: not available
Type: text/html
Size: 23596 bytes
Desc: not available
URL:

@_date: 2001-10-24 18:07:00
@_author: attila! 
@_subject: [RANT] National ID Card System Failing to Attract Supporters 
A non-text attachment was scrubbed...
Name: not available
Type: text/html
Size: 8646 bytes
Desc: not available
URL:

@_date: 2001-10-24 22:44:15
@_author: attila! 
@_subject: [RANT] Unfettered immigration is rapidly shifting the ethnic 
A non-text attachment was scrubbed...
Name: not available
Type: text/html
Size: 1090 bytes
Desc: not available
URL:

@_date: 2001-10-28 04:33:49
@_author: attila! 
@_subject: [RANT] Why Bin Laden Hates --the single-issue theories are wrong 
A non-text attachment was scrubbed...
Name: not available
Type: text/html
Size: 7230 bytes
Desc: not available
URL:

@_date: 2001-09-11 23:55:01
@_author: attila! 
@_subject: Less talk, more action 
This is not the time to "investigate" and "blame" --it's
  time to turn Iraq into a glass parking lot and Afghanistan
  into a cinder.
  It takes less than 30 minutes to re-target and deliver the
  ordnance...
  I'll settle for the Casablanca Inspector: "round up
  the usual suspects". Anything less than a dramatic
  response of 'shoot first and ask questions when there is
  silence' is insufficient.
  Bin Laden may have been capable of placing the hijacking
  teams, but Iraq is the clear beneficiary.  Bin Laden may
  get revenge, but Saddam gets an opening. A ground war
  against Iraq's legions would be foolish --the Gulf war was
  won against his hordes by pulverizing them with carpet
  bombing and demoralizing them --by the time our troops
  moved, there was virtually no resistance.
  I'm automatically ruling out North Korea (not capable);
  Iran (enough problems of their own and not capable of
  sustained action); Russia (not in their best interests);
  and China (could not afford the economics of war). Bin
  Laden is bent on revenge, and Saddam is a megalomaniac who
  does not care if his people are targeted.
  If Bush fails to take a dramatic step, eg: incinerate
  Baghdad, then the talking heads will be playing Neville
  Chamberlain; the UN will "condemn" the action while
  accusing the US of creating the conditions which brought
  on the attack; and, Iraq and the rest of the Arabs,
  etc. have the opportunity to play counter-threats....
  If the US waits to retaliate, the Arabs will show a united
  front --if Iraq is gone before they can even start to
  argue among themselves, there will be muted satisfaction
  in their governments that Saddam's head was finally
  delivered on a platter.
  If the retaliation is fait accompli, nobody has
  time to comment --and no-one, other than perhaps the
  Syrians will mourn the loss of Baghdad.
  If Iraq is not permanently neutralized, they will power
  strike across Jordan and Syria into Israel --at that
  point, the Israelis will preemptively nuke Baghdad. From a
  strategic standpoint, it would be far preferable for the
  US to do its own dirty work than accept world opinion that
  the US was either a) too impotent to clean its own mess;
  or, b) that Israel was the pawn, thereby uniting the
  Arabs.
  We probably have upwards of 20,000 dead in NYC alone; now
  is not the time to be squeamish about collateral damage in
  foreign targets.
  Lastly, what the US does in the first hours will determine
  the US' ability to prosecute the action in its entirety.
  Today we determine whether or not America has the will to
  survive. If we falter, the whole world will kick us when
  we are down --eg: the third vision begins.
  Make us proud to be Americans, George...

@_date: 2001-09-12 22:01:37
@_author: attila! 
@_subject: What George Should Have Said 
What George should have said:
    My Heavenly Father,
      Please forgive me for protecting thy people.
      I ask this in the name of thy beloved Son, Jesus
      Christ, our Lord and Savior

@_date: 2001-09-13 05:37:48
@_author: attila! 
@_subject: where do we go from here (and where should we have gone) 
The time for a massive one-shot 'retaliation' has passed
    --it should have been done within the hour.  I had hoped
    when Bush went to Orfit AFB (US missile command,
    sometimes referred to as 'nuke city') we might see a
    proper response --we did not.
    As members of the Church we are required to forgive our
    "trespassers"; I have no problem with forgiving them as
    they are obviously misguided, but that does not change
    the need and responsibility to protect our families and
    therefore punish not only the direct participants but
    also their leaders and any nations who harbor them. In
    so much as the terrorists are outside the reasonable
    laws of man, extraordinary measures are warranted.
    I consider 'war, in and of itself, a war crime', but
    that does not diminish the occasional requirement to
    maintain the rule of law, but war should only be
    entertained if you are determined to strike a decisive
    (and hopefully permanent) victory. To the victors go the
    privilege to write history; to the losers go the war
    crime trials.
    Terrorists are a special case. Bin Laden is following
    the playbook of the old Chinese master, Sun Tzu: kill
    one man and you terrify 10,000. Terrorists can only be
    eliminated by turning the people against them with pain
    and suffering --eg: 18 million Iraqis all do not wish to
    be martyrs when the chips are down. If we had taken out
    Iraq and Afghanistan, we should have smiled and said:
    "Next?"
    Geostrategy Direct detailed the Israeli assessment of
    Bin Laden's and Hussein's dirty hands.
    Today's Federalist article was the strongest (and
    most rational) I have seen --their bottom line is part
    of what I demanded yesterday: Afghanistan becomes molten
    silicon.
    What do we do now? Probably slide down the slope of the
    talking heads as the Left criticizes Bush's lack of
    decisive leadership (and U.S. intelligence failure) and
    permits the UN to convene to condemn the terrorism, but
    even more strongly condemn U.S. foreign policy for
    creating the world problems which brought forth the
    terrorist response --in other words, the U.S. must pay
    off the radical Islamists.
    Jefferson made the correct statement in history vis a
    vis the Barbary pirates: '...not one penny in
    tribute' --even the Brits had been paying tribute. A
    task force, led by the USS Constitution (Old Ironsides)
    and the Marine Corps, leveled Tripoli. They did not ask
    for their surrender: they eliminated them. Summary
    justice.
    George blew his window of opportunity --he had a chance
    to go down in history as a decisive leader in crisis,
    rather than just a president who presided over the worst
    single casualty ever suffered by America, here or
    abroad; the diminution of our military status; the
    abrogation of our leadership in the free world; and the
    potential destruction of our economic base if the
    financial markets collapse when the stock markets reopen
    on Monday.
    But even more pernicious, few Americans will trust the
    government to protect them or represent them in the world.
    Sorry, George, I thought you were more of a man.

@_date: 2001-09-14 03:38:23
@_author: attila! 
@_subject: European Socialists say U.S. had it coming  --it figures 
Thu, 8pm EDT
    As to be expected, the European left-wing liberal
    countries and their leaders are already back-sliding and
    urging the U.S. not to massively retaliate --eg: let the
    Islamists get away with their terror act.
    Well, we can always count on the French to hope we fall
    on our face, and the Germans have neither patriotism nor
    spine.
    The time to retaliate was in the first few hours while
    everyone was in shock and looking for blood; now
    Europe's pansy liberals have gone back to their usual
    condescending head-in-the-sand attitudes.
    For France to say the U.S. had it coming, maybe France
    should be one of the targets?
    The only way to stop terrorism is to make the people of
    the countries who succor and harbor the terrorists
    really feel the pain. Blow away a country or two --then
    ask "Next?" --after you have everyone's attention.
    THAT is how you stop terrorism, George....

@_date: 2001-09-24 22:19:04
@_author: attila! 
@_subject: [RANT] Conservative Poll hard against National ID 
A non-text attachment was scrubbed...
Name: not available
Type: text/html
Size: 4194 bytes
Desc: not available
URL:
