
@_date: 2000-12-17 09:03:31
@_author: auto58194 at hushmail.com 
@_subject: The Cost of Natural Gas [was Re: The Cost of California Liberalism] 
Sorry, such is the nature of free (and shared) markets.  If anything you should thank California; if they had been building more power plants, they'd be buying more natural gas and driving up your prices even more.
Besides, have your prices gone up beyond your acceptable level because of California, because of cold weather, because your neighbor replaced his oil burner with a gas furnace, or because Williams Company has been spending its money laying fiber optics instead of more gas pipelines?  Natural gas is a great fuel source.  You, lots of Californians, and I made a good choice in deciding to use it.  Perhaps we need to reevaluate our decisions given the current situation, but blaming others for making the same decision we did doesn't make much sense.
Sure it can, you can just take yourself out of California's market.  Buy yourself a wood stove and petition your government to build/encourage more nuclear power plants.  (Hey, the bottom's fallen out of the nuclear fuel rod market and I doubt California's going to be responsible for price increases in that market any time soon.)

@_date: 2000-12-17 09:10:00
@_author: auto58194 at hushmail.com 
@_subject: This is why a free society is evil.  [Re: This is why  HTML email is evil.] 
Perhaps I killed my point in editing.  Laws exist as a result of people using their property to advance their agenda and/or to protect their property.  That companies decided not to fight the passage of harassment laws was a decision they made about how they used their property.  That companies today give in rather than fight them is also their decision.
Corporations tend to value their own property over the free expression of their employees.  Should this be surprising?  Is it wrong?  Should property owners be compelled to value the free expression of their employees higher than they do?    I don't like the current result any more than you do, but it's not the result of living in an unfree society, it's the result of living in a society with different values than our own.  In other words, to get the freedoms we want, we have to take away other freedoms.  Well, I'll always miss the point of people complaining about not living in a free society/economy when they use reasons that indicate they don't really want to live in a free society/economy.  I want to keep this short, but there's something to be said for a free society being either impossible or a truth.  In a free society, you're free to do something, and others are free to try and stop you.  Either this makes a free society impossible because of conflicting ideals or it's a truth because people are always free to attempt changing society.  Laws and governments you don't like are an indication that the other side currently has the upper hand, but you're still free to try changing them.  Until you give up or die, you're free.
Perhaps it's not a free society you want, but a society with a higher value on private/personal freedoms.  Perhaps you even want a society that values private freedoms higher than private property.

@_date: 2000-12-18 16:09:21
@_author: auto58194 at hushmail.com 
@_subject: This is why a free society is evil.  [Re: This is why  HTML email is evil.] 
I may have killed my point in editing.
Laws are the result of people using their property to advance their agenda. When harassment laws were proposed, companies chose not to use their property to fight these laws.  Today when they give into these laws rather than fight them, they are again making a decision about how they use their property.
Companies tend to value their property more than they value the free expression of their employees.  Is this surprising?  Is it wrong?  Should companies be compelled to value the free expression of their employees higher?
I don't like the current situation with zero-tolerance policies and all that any more than you do, but it's not the result of living in an unfree society.  It's the result of living in a society with different values than our own.
In other words, to get the freedoms we want, we have to take away other I'll always miss the point of people complaining they don't live in a free society when they use reasoning that indicates they don't really want to live in a free society.
In a previous incarnation of this message, which appears to have gone into the darkness, I made a rushed point about free societies either being impossible or being a truth.  I'll skip that this time and just ask this: do you mean to be complaining about not living in a free society or are you really complaining about not living in a society with a higher value on personal freedoms?

@_date: 2000-12-18 18:26:34
@_author: auto58194 at hushmail.com 
@_subject: The Cost of Natural Gas [was Re: The Cost of California Liberalism] 
Huh?  Let's make this simple.  How is California's lack of power plants causing natural gas prices to rise?  Plants that don't exist don't use gas and don't contribute to shortages. California's importing power from elsewhere, so why didn't these other generators commit to natural gas suppliers?  Hint: transmission losses aren't a recent discovery.   Either you're confused or you're trying to use the cold winter as an excuse to create a strawman for your anti-Californian views.  Tim, Jim and Bill have already given good responses to the economic side of things, so I won't comment further in that vein.
It would be nice if everybody took responsibility for their lifestyle, took care of their own power needs and dealt with environmental issues themselves.   You have a choice, if you don't want higher power bills, don't use power.

@_date: 2000-12-19 13:15:09
@_author: auto58194 at hushmail.com 
@_subject: The Cost of Natural Gas [was Re: The Cost of California Liberalism] 
My response to Raymond was in reference to natural gas price increases.  Again, if they're not burning gas, how are they causing shortages leading to price increases?  Who's burning the gas?  Where'd it go? So if line loss is taken into account in prices it should also be taken into account in figuring out how much power to generate and should also be taken into account when figuring out how much natural gas needs to be committed to.  It doesn't matter where the plants are.
Raymond's pointed out that some gas plants normally idle are now running full-time to meet demand.  To me this reads the same as using idle plants instead of building new ones.  Perhaps not a bright move in terms of safety,
 efficiency and reserve capacity, but nothing that should have changed natural gas commitments.  OK, but do you deny that natural gas suppliers and pipeline operators are responsible for making the call for sizing their supply and their pipelines?  Does California need to step in and do that for them?  They sized for the expected usage from these plants and actual usage has ended up higher.  Oops.  The gas suppliers and operators could have also figured that without more power plants being built, these plants might need to run more (even despite regulations) and taken appropriate actions.  Perhaps the suppliers aren't dumb and actually figured that out but ran some numbers that said they'd make more money by allowing a shortage to occur?    (And hey, we can make it look like California's fault and get some good press in B.C. while ripping them off too!) In your eastern vs. western pipeline example, you showed a case where some supply problems would have been solved by connecting the two systems but then pointed out that the company didn't do that so they can charge a premium in the western system.  Is that a cost of California Liberalism or a cost of Capitalism?
The actions of California voters have helped to make this possible.
The cold weather has helped to make this possible.
You and I heating our homes has helped to make this possible.
Not connecting the eastern and western pipeline networks helped to make this possible.
Lots of other things have helped to make this possible, but above all, Capitalism has made this possible.  California's not responsible for making commitments to put the magic demand number over the limit to build new pipelines.  Is it also God's fault for not committing to a cold winter?  I'll let Tim make the causality rant if he feels it necessary.
Californians don't want to live near power plants but have a huge electricity demand.  Great!  I smell opportunity for neighboring states to get lots of tax revenues from plants supplying California electricity.  Why haven't they been built?  Nevada liberalism?   Oregon liberalism?  Why not build plants in Mexico?  Is Mexico a bastion of liberalism with stringent pollution laws?  Why are natural gas suppliers and electric utilities not meeting demand?   Are they morons or have they calculated that they make more money by risking and allowing shortages rather than by increasing capacity?  This whole thing is no different than OPEC deciding to leave oil in the ground to raise prices except that instead of being honest bastards like OPEC, they're being dishonest bastards by babbling about California Liberalism.
If anything it's the cost of not being liberal enough!  Damnit, they told us we'd all become rich by investing in all these glorious deregulated energy companies and now look what's happened!  We forgot the profit was going to come out of our pockets first.  Those bastards told us competition would lower prices!  We forgot all our anti-trust lawyers were busy with Microsoft and not making sure the energy industry wasn't acting in collusion.  What hath we wrought?
Shame on you.  Bad capitalist!  Bad capitalist!

@_date: 2000-12-26 13:31:32
@_author: auto58194 at hushmail.com 
@_subject: The Cost of Natural Gas [was Re: The Cost of California Liberalism] 
At Sun, 24 Dec 2000 23:50:01 -0800, "Raymond D. Mereniuk"  "The bad decisions of the citizens of California have produced an energy crisis in what is called the Northwest for which all citizens in what is called the Northwest must pay the price."  You said nothing about other factors.  Nothing at all. You also ignore that your subject was  "The Cost of California Liberalism."  That was your point, wasn't it?  To blame California Liberalism for your home heating bills?  Greater portion in what terms?   Land area?  Population?  IQ?  Ralph Nader voters?  It's an easy game to play when your claims are based on things like a whole bunch of Californians using more power than relatively few Vancouverites.  And how much of this unexpected California demand was caused by California Liberalism?   Have Sierra Club members been baking lots of extra cookies lately?  Or is it all the electric cars that are selling like hotcakes?  No, I got it, all those people living in trees to keep them from getting cut down to be used for firewood are forcing people to use their electric heaters, that's it, right?
Or are you just going back to blaming Californian Liberals for preferring natural gas for electric power generation and saying it's their fault that you use the same fuel source to heat your home?
No shit, but what does this have to do with California Liberalism?
So?   As you now admit, the demand was unexpected.  Why would a utility build a new plant and commit to a fuel supply for unexpected demand?   You say they're using reserve natural gas fueled plants to meet unexpected demand.  Isn't this what they're supposed to do?  Do you actually expect power utilities to build plants and commit to fuel they don't expect a need for just to provide a buffer for natural gas prices?   That's not what happens in a deregulated environment and I don't think California's electric utility deregulation is considered a result of California Liberalism.  Is it?

@_date: 2000-12-29 05:43:16
@_author: auto58194 at hushmail.com 
@_subject: The Cost of Natural Gas [was Re: The Cost of California Liberalism] 
For those who care, take a look at  which is an op-ed piece by an MIT Economics prof. describing the California situation in the same terms I have.   He cites a paper which in turn cites evidence that artificial shortages were previously created in the UK (1996) and California (1998 & 1999).   Unfortunately no detail, but it is more than just random conspiracy theory.
While no doubt a good number of the readers of this list will consider him to be a Communist from the People's Republic of Cambridge, perhaps most will at least admit he knows more than basic economics 101.  Even if you don't care about natural gas or California's deregulation brownout,
 it is a good example of why "free" markets, economies, societies, etc.  don't really work.

@_date: 2000-12-29 15:33:25
@_author: auto58194 at hushmail.com 
@_subject: The Cost of Natural Gas [was Re: The Cost of California Liberalism] 
Of course it is.  With plenty of excuses to hand out, a deregulated industry
will act more boldly.
If it's so hard to build power plants in California, what is the obsession
with building them in California?
Looking at the queue of plant requests within California they also seem to be obsessed with building them in highly populated areas.
I suppose one has to consider the plight of the capitalist here.  Given that the ROI on a plant closer to demand is higher (less additional infrastructure such as transmission lines and substations) than one far away, it becomes a no-brainer which to build from a profit standpoint.  Considering power plants were competing with dot-coms for investment capital, it's no surprise that ROI on a plant needed to be made as high as possible to have any chance of being funded.  Thinking about it that way, it shouldn't be too surprising the result is high-ROI plants get built where people don't want them but eventually accept them after a year or two's delay.   The capital for the plant is just invested elsewhere during the delay, so the delay doesn't harm the capitalist.   If anything, it helps as the delay just serves to let shortage warnings and emergency notices go out, lets prices go up, makes people worry about blackouts, and then the next plant can be built with an even higher ROI. So in a perverse sort of way, the system works just fine.  For the capitalist anyways.

@_date: 2000-11-13 05:09:53
@_author: auto58194 at hushmail.com 
@_subject: CDR: Beware the Ides of May 
Am I the only one delighting in the irony of someone using the name Orwell having no better writing skills than to rely on repetitive phrases in an attempt to brainwash us into thinking that Herr May is the enemy?
I realize the traditional Internet way to deal with these fools is to ignore them, but perhaps pointing out the humorous side helps make this junk a bit easier to read.  Or am I also the only one finding it difficult to believe that the Cypherpunks lists have been besieged by those attempting to make a case of state-sponsored censorship?  Sure, Jody went away and eventually one can suspect that George will too, but does it matter that they go away when they're replaced by those with the same agenda?
Cypherpunks don't write as much code as they used to (and hey, I still use LCM PRNG's because they're sufficient for my needs), but the lists also serve as an example of the Cypherpunk ideals regarding privacy, free speech,
 and anonymity.  Not just technical discussions about how to achieve and protect these ideals, but discussions that show the need for them.  Perhaps it has been realized that it's not the tools that are a danger to those in power, but the ideas that lead to a desire for them.  It's always been easy to complain that law enforcement, politicians, and other state workers don't understand crypto, but one needs to consider that it's not crypto itself that's important, it's the ideas that need to be protected using crypto that are important.   Sure, protecting the right of people to speak out against their unelected totalitarian government seems like a justifiable high-minded use of crypto compared to protecting the rights of a cranky neo-anarchist from California, but isn't the whole point supposed to be that it's not what's being protected that's important, just that it can be protected?
Has Tim suddenly changed in some way to have recently become so dangerous that he must be attacked from the left to expose his evil right-wing thoughts?  Or is this part of a campaign to demonstrate the danger inherent in the popular use of crypto by linking it to the dangerous thoughts of one man?  What ideas will be declared dangerous next, and what people will be used to demonstrate that danger?
I don't claim there's a conspiracy, I merely point out that those who attack Tim's dangerous thoughts are also attacking crypto.  Whether it's an intentional organized activity or merely the knee-jerk responses of children hiding being "proper ideology", the result is the same.  Jim Bell's dangerous ideas have resulted in his freedoms and property being confiscated, and no doubt there are those who would wish the same for Tim.  To the spectators: beware Tim May and his dangerous ideas, because if his ideas are dangerous, so are yours.
Here's to being dangerous.
