
@_date: 2002-06-26 01:04:45
@_author: AWKA AMAKA 
@_subject: URGENT ASSISTANCE 
DEAR SIR,
REQUEST FOR HUMBLE ASSISTANCE.
This letter is meant to contact you following knowledge of your esteemed self to help us out of this difficult situation that my family has been engulfed in since the death of my father and the breadwinner of our family. So please, consider this as a request from a family in dare need of assistance.  I am Awka Amaka from Angola, the first and the only son of late
Brigadier Luis Amaka communicating to you from Johannesburg, Republic of South Africa. I, on behalf of my family decided to solicit for your Assistance to transfer the sum of US$25.5milloin (twenty five million five hundred thousand united state dollars) inherited from my late father into your company or private bank account.
Before the death of my father, he was a brigadier in charge of arms and ammunition procurement for the Angolan army. In his will, he specifically drew my attention to the sum of US$25.5million that he deposited in the safe box of a private security company in Johannesburg, South Africa. In fact he said and I quote, "My beloved son, I wish to draw your
attention to the sum of US$25.5 million. I deposited the box containing the fund in a security company in Johannesburg, South Africa as valuables. During the war, I was very dedicated and committed to wining the war against the rebels until when I found out that senior army officers and government functionaries were busy helping themselves with government funds and properties sending them to foreign countries. Due to this, when I and former special adviser to the president were assigned by the president (Jose Eduardo Santos) to purchase arms in South Africa, we saw this as an opportunity to divert the money for our personal use and shared it, of which I got a total sum of US$25.5million. I did this in case of my absence due to death so that you Vincent, your two sisters Grace and Anne and your mother wouldn't suffer. You should solicit for assistance of a reliable and sincere foreign partner to assist you to transfer this money out of South Africa for investment. I deposited the box in your name and you can claim it alone with the deposit code. Your mother is with all the documents; take good care of your mother and your two sisters. Do not disappoint me! Good bye".  After the burial of my father, we decided to move to South Africa where this money was deposited and withdraw it and put to use and was disappointed to learn that it is against the human Right law SECTION22 OF THE REFUGEES ACT NO 130 OF 1998 that asylum seekers in the country do not have the right to operate a bank account or operate an enterprise in the country. After much consideration, we arrived at conclusion that it will be of interest for us to contact a foreign partner to assist us transfer this money out of South Africa.  From these words of my late father, you will
understand that the lives and future of my family depend on this fund as such I will be grateful if you can assist us. Now what I will like you to do for us, as a foreign partner is to help us clear this fund from the Security Company using your name as the beneficiary of the fund.  For your efforts, we are prepared to offer you 20% of the total sum while 10% will be set aside for expenses Incurred during the course of this transaction and the remaining 70% for the family's
investment abroad which you will assist us to materialize. Please note that this transaction is risk-free and the major thing I ask from you is to assure me the safety of the money when transferred to your account. Your utmost trust, sincerity and confidentiality is highly needed in this transaction. Be kind to provide me with your private communication facilities for smooth and confidential link. Further information and arrangement will commence as soon as trust, confidence and good relationship is established.
I shall be most grateful if you maintain the confidentiality of this matter. Should this meet your utmost consideration, please give me your earliest reply through my email address.
Best regards,
AWKA AMAKA
