
@_date: 2001-12-04 08:24:08
@_author: awuley at SoftHome.net 
@_subject: Hi, this is for you!!! 
Dear Friend and Future Millionaire,
My wife recently received this e-mail and forwarded it to me to review. We've both several times read completely through it and have been in contact with some of the individuals listed We think it's really an excellent opportunity that is well worth the small investment of time and money, and believe that you will, too!
AS SEEN ON US NATIONAL TV:
Making over half million dollars every 4 to 5 months from your home for an investment of only $25 U.S. Dollars expense one time
THANKS TO THE COMPUTER AGE AND THE INTERNET !
BE A MILLIONAIRE LIKE OTHERS WITHIN A YEAR!!!
Before you say ''Bull'', please read on the following. This is the letter you have been hearing about on the news lately. Due to the popularity of this letter on the Internet, a national weekly news program recently devoted an entire show to the investigation of this program described below, to see if it really can make people money. The show also investigated whether or not the program was legal.
Their findings proved once and for all that there are ''absolutely NO Laws prohibiting the participation in the program and if people can -follow the simple instructions, they are bound to make some mega bucks with only $25 out of pocket cost''. DUE TO THE RECENT INCREASE OF POPULARITY & RESPECT THIS PROGRAM HAS ATTAINED, IT IS CURRENTLY WORKING BETTER THAN EVER.
This is what one had to say: ''Thanks to this profitable opportunity. I was approached many times before but each time I passed on it. I am
so glad I finally joined just to see what one could expect in return for the minimal effort and money required.
To my astonishment, I received total $610,470.00 in 21 weeks,
with money still coming in."
Pam Hedland, Fort Lee, New Jersey
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
Here is another testimonial:
"This program has been around for a long time but I never believed in it. But one day when I received this again in the mail I decided to gamble my $25 on it. I followed the simple instructions and walaa ...... 3 weeks later the money started to come in. First month I only made $240.00 but the next 2 months after that I made a total of $290,000.00. So far, in the past 8 months by re-entering the program, I have made over $710,000.00 and I am playing it again. The key to success in this program is to follow the simple steps and NOT change More testimonials later but first,
