
@_date: 2007-02-28 10:56:53
@_author: Karsten N. 
@_subject: Letters from the feds 
Eugen Leitl schrieb:
I am a German tor operator too and the provider of my server got the
same BKA case. Because the provider closed my server, I asked the press
for help. The investigation of the press got the following results:
1: The BKA operation "MIKADO" was closed in the first week of January 2007.
2: Official letters declaring it was closed, were not send. If you asked
for official letter, you will get one.
3: May be, affected tor operators will be listed in a database. I do not
know more about the database, I got only a (unofficial) warning by the
investigating journalist: "There is a database and you are listed."
May be, the information about the closed BKA operation is interesting
for other operators too.
Karsten N.
Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2007-07-10 12:03:02
@_author: awxcnx at web.de 
@_subject: Next news from Germany 
I am a german TOR admin ("knuffel"). I have running a mixmaster remailer too ("awxcxn").
Both were running on a dedicated root server.
Half a year ago I have had my first trouble with the german BKA. The hoster of my
server got a letter from the BKA and closed my server without any respect to the law.
I contact the press an a few days later the server was back and online.
A few month ago I got an anonymous tip, a telecommunication surveillance is/was
running against me and I am listed in a "known" database.
Over the last months, I tried to figure out, what happens. I contact the data protection official of Germany for help.
Like me, he did not get any information because the prosecution denied any information with the reason:
"Any information will compromise the security of Germany or one of its parts."
( ' 19 Absatz 6 Bundesdatenschutzgesetz )
I compromise the security of Germany, seems I am a terrorist or something like that.
The anti-terrorism-law in Germany is not a joke, nothink I want to feel by myself.
I contact a lawyer and he said, this is not a game, it is real!
Conclusion: The TOR node "knuffel" is down and will not come back. Please remove it from the directory. All my contact addresses and online
identities related to this kind of stuff will be closed next time.
I have a german website with some stuff about anonymity. It will go down in 2-3 weeks. May be, some german gay want to download and
save some of my work. I will prepare an offline version of the website:
 Karsten N. Jetzt neu! Sch|tzen Sie Ihren PC mit McAfee und WEB.DE. 3 Monate
kostenlos testen.
