
@_date: 2001-04-08 10:51:33
@_author: axlotl at hushmail.com 
@_subject: international cypherpunk force 
At Sun,  8 Apr 2001 19:40:04 +0200 (CEST), Nomen Nescio  like Milosevic,
like Jim Bell and Carl Johnson? Did Milosevic and bin Laden violate the laws of the countries in which they live, or did they (as we all do) violate the laws of unrelated jurisdictions? Or is this "police force" merely a well-organized band of thugs bent on demonstrating their own virility? If that's what you're looking for, Hell's Angels have much better parties and are more trustworthy. Yeah, right.
Free, encrypted, secure Web-based email at

@_date: 2001-03-09 14:00:38
@_author: axlotl at hushmail.com 
@_subject: DoJ and Cypherpunks... 
While the message used polite words, its implications and usage was not polite, especially in the context of threats made to Adam Ciralsky, a 60 Minutes reporter re a subpoena for his notes if the reporter continued to ask questions about the upcoming trial, and especially not in its implications for other cypherpunks who might  be interested in talking to the press -
 or on the list - regarding CJ, JB, or AP. (see )
The message is clear - if you monkey around with this stuff, expect to be dragged across the country a few times on short notice, threatened with perjury or other charges, and otherwise intimidated and inconvenienced until you stop thinking and talking about feds who get promotions and publicity by prosecuting an itinerant musician/author living out of his pickup truck and a 40-year old man who still lives with his parents and plays with stink

@_date: 2001-03-28 17:26:44
@_author: axlotl at hushmail.com 
@_subject: Ninth Circuit ruling re webpage threats 
Participants and spectators in Jim Bell's trial next week in Seattle might be interested in this case, released by the Ninth Circuit today, concerning the use of a web page to publish addresses of third parties, and whether or not such publication is protected by the First Amendment where it's foreseeable that unknown persons could make use of the addresses to cause injury or embarassment -
As the Ninth Circuit writes -
Political speech may not be punished just because it
makes it more likely that someone will be harmed at some
unknown time in the future by an unrelated third party. In
Brandenburg v. Ohio, 395 U.S. 444 (1969) (per curiam), the
Supreme Court held that the First Amendment protects speech
that encourages others to commit violence, unless the speech
is capable of "producing imminent lawless action. " Id. at 447.
It doesn't matter if the speech makes future violence more
likely; advocating "illegal action at some indefinite future
time" is protected. Hess v. Indiana , 414 U.S. 105, 108 (1973)
(per curiam). If the First Amendment protects speech advocat-
ing violence, then it must also protect speech that does not
advocate violence but still makes it more likely. The Ninth Circuit held that, where the web page publisher(s) themselves did not communicate a threat to harm the persons mentioned on the web page,
 the publication of the addresses was protected by the First Amendment.
Free, encrypted, secure Web-based email at
