
@_date: 1996-12-02 15:09:12
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: wealth and property rights 
I believe it was Thomas Jefferson who was successful at getting the
practice of  primo geniture outlawed in Virginia (it was later adopted by
all the other states).  He believed in a 'meritocracy' or sorts and abhored
any practice which would create a merchant or political aristocracy in the
new Republic.  Unfortunately much of his wisdom was ignored (e.g. objection
to a central bank, and the forbidding of one generation to indebt another)
and we suffer the consequences to this day.

@_date: 1996-12-05 19:08:12
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Stinger Specs 
When I was doing my undergraduate work several of us built a heat-seeking
and homing circuit which we subsequently tested in a small (24-inch) solid
propellent rocket.  Four CO-2 cooled germanium sensors picked up radiation
from a small flat-topped piramidal mirror which drove fin servos to 'null'
onto (place its image atop the piramid) the heat source. One evening we
were able to 'shoot down' a lit cigarette tied to fence up in the hills
near the college from a distance of about 1/4-mile.
For some time we considered making available 'Visible Missile" plans/kits,
for a  few hundred dollars, which had everything except the easily obtained
zinc-sulphur propellent (would this be illegal given the laws passed since
the '70s?) so those interested in IR missile technology could learn from a
functioning testbed.  I did quite a bit of serious amateur rocketry in my
teen years through the Northrup Rocketry Club (So. Cal) and launches at a
site near Edwards AFB (they were happy to track our launches and make sure
there was no aircraft hazzard). Our 24-inch rockets reached speeds of over
1000 mph in about 1 second and altitudes of about 10,000 ft.  48-inch
rockets (still small enough for shoulder launch) could reach over Mach 2
and altitude/ranges of about 50,000 ft (all figures insignificant
I'm certain I and many of my friends got much of our interest for math and
science and subsequent academic success from such hands-on activities which
were encouraged or supported by teachers, parents, corporations and the
government.  We were forced to solve real chemistry, math, engineering,
physics and material science problems.  This has all vanished is our zeal
to protect youth and society from any activity which might lead injury or
misuse.  I can't even find a place to buy a niece a real chemistry set as
tort laws have forced them from the market.  When considering the plumeting
interest and achievement of our youth in math and science we look nor
further for a reason.

@_date: 1996-12-06 17:40:20
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: KIDNEYS STOLEN FROM A NAKED DRUGGED MAN 
I heard an almost identical story from a security guard at DEFCON IV last
july in Las Vegas.  He said it happened in the hotel where he was working
(not the Monte Carlo, which had just opened) in 1995.  The management
managed to cover the event up and it never, according to him, appeared in
the local papers.

@_date: 1996-12-13 15:10:33
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: [Privacy] Airline background checks... 
For those of you not aware of airport procedures, the real terrorism
threats are not only from ground personnel but those impersonating LEOs
(Law Enforcement Officers).  Fake badges are easy to come by and by filling
in a form anyone can get on board an airline with their firearm.  No
procedures are currently in place to allow airline or airport security
personnel to easily and positively identify bogus LEOs.

@_date: 1996-12-15 18:40:01
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: ITARs effects 
These changes are all aimed at making it harder to make money from strong
crypto and therefore reduce its common availability worldwide. They do
little  to keep it from circulating worlwide, what ever its country of
origin as anonymous posting to a newsgroup is still straightforward.
Look for more shareware and commercial crypto source to circulate in
printed, rather than machine-readable, form to take advantage of freedom of
speech rules.

@_date: 1996-12-15 23:38:02
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Van Eck articles 
I OCR'd this and have it as either an 895K Word 5.1a (Mac) or 705K Acrobat
document.  I'll email a copy to anyone that's interested.
I seem to have misplaced this document.  However, I don't recall OCR'r it.

@_date: 1996-12-19 13:20:10
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Code+Data separation 
I believe those that follow a Harvard architecture do this.

@_date: 1996-12-20 15:25:29
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Code+Data separation 
A Harvard architecture is a common feature of signal processing chips.  A
number of japanese DSP chips (especailly for image processing) in the early
90's used this approach.  I believe some earlier models in the TI 34000
series did also.  Not sure about the current crop.

@_date: 1996-12-20 16:07:29
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: van Eck snooping 
I've done some experimentation in this area.  It is not possible to use a
VCR in a simplified manner anymore as all recent computer CRTs are no
longer use a 60 Hz half-frame, interlaced, format.  Reductions in radiated
emissions, per FCC Part 15, since the earlt 80's have significantly raised
the bar for remote monitoring (still possible though).

@_date: 1996-12-23 16:59:35
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Legality of requiring credit cards? 
Merchants are free to adopt most any non-descrimatory policy insofar as
transactions are concerned.  If you want hassle-free shopping use legal
tender (except for rentals, where a CC is most welcome).

@_date: 1996-12-24 19:16:44
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Hooked on Ebonics 
Now that the new Afrocentric Ebonic language is officially recognized, we
have a lot of work to do. Having textbooks published in English and Hip Hop
is going to be daunting. New educational tapes, "Hooked on Ebonics" will
have to be produced.  Answers to test questions will have to be analyzed
and converted, and an entire new dictionary will need to be established.
You know what I'm sayin'?
In some ways life will get much simpler.  No longer will we be burdened
with the cumbersome task of searching our minds for the proper adjective,
pronoun, or participle.  An expletive invoking another's mother will be the
only adjective, pronoun, or metaphor in the new Ebonics dictionary.
Bernard Shaw and Alan Keyes could get rid of that bothersome eloquence and
perfect diction and rap it back Black, lay it on me bro.
I'm curious about the "N word."  Will that be allowed?  I do hear it a lot
in movies centered around life in the ethnic neighborhoods of L.A. or
Oakland.  The reason I ask is because where I work you'll be severely fired
if you toss out the "N word."  We'll need to have clarification. It would
be kind of strange to have an official language that only one ethnic group
is allowed to use.
Maybe if we could get Texaconics declared an official language of the
corporate elite we could give those guys at Texaco their jobs back.  Ross
Perot could say, "You people" with impunity.  As a matter of fact we can
have an official language for however you want to talk.  Bigotonics,
Stupidonics, Stoneronics, Skatersonics, Preppyonics and last but not least,
I can't get a decent job anywhere in the world because I was educated in
the Oakland School Districtonics.

@_date: 1996-12-27 18:18:36
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: RUL_let 
Or the bogus vote taken recently in Korea's legislature when the ruling
party held a "secret" vote in the early morning hours (so the opposition
parties would be present) to pass contentious labor laws.

@_date: 1996-12-27 21:53:25
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Airline travel ID, was: Credentials without Identity--Race Bits 
Ever wonder whether the airport counter people know a valid ID from a
phoney (or a Law Enforcement ID for that matter)?  Take my word for it,
they don't.  Just scan your current ID, change the name/address fields
output on your handy-dandy dye-sublimation printer and laminate with a kit
from Price-Costco.  If you pay for your ticket in cash be prepared for a
search of your carry-on luggage.

@_date: 1996-12-29 03:57:04
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Limiting copyright 
The US Constitution empowers Congress to pass laws "to promote progress of
science and [the] useful arts." Congress has chosen to accomplish this
constitutional goal by granting authors a limited set of exclusive rights
in their works. The founding fathers wanted, through copyright, to
encourage the useful arts and thereby offer to the public the fruits of
these artists.  Copyright protects all original works of authorship,
including such things as personal letters and corporate memoranda, from the
moment they are first fixed in a tangible form.
About 50,000 U.S. books go out-of-print each year.  The lack of continuous
availability of these works runs counter to the implicit balance sought by
the founding fathers between the needs of the public and copyright holders.
In the past copyright holders could reasonably maintain that economics
prohibited keeping works in print, with practical, economic and ubiquitous
on-line means, this is no longer a barrier.
This being so, why should copyrights on "significant" works (e.g., written
one's with length's greater than 20,000 words) which have been
commercialized continue when the public cannot gain ready access to copy of
same?  This logic follows from the use-it-or-lose-it concept of trademarks.
Changes are need to ensure the public that such "significant"
commercialized copyright works are continuously available.
Under this recommendation the works must remain available from the
copyright holder or their licensee, specialty resellers (e.g., hard to find
book locators)  wouldn't count, but electronic publication would.   If a
copyright holder fails to keep a work continuously available, then after a
brief interval (e.g., six months) the copyright would lapse.
SOME DETAILS
Often, the owner of copyright (the author) is different from the owner of
the privilege to publish of a book or item.  This privilege is assigned
by a contract between an author and publisher, mediated by an agent and
Once signed, the author has little influence on the decision to keep a
book in print (unless they are big-time authors, like Danielle Steele or
Stephen King.)  Furthermore, changes in editors, editorial direction,
management, ownership, etc., can affect decisions on whether or not to
support a book, keep it in print, etc., none of which the average author
can influence.  Usually, contracts between authors and publishers have
rights reversions clauses, returning all rights to the author, once a book
goes out-of-print.  However, publishers have come up with a new term
"out-of-stock-indefinitely" which fundamentally means "out-of-print" but
doesn't trigger reversion of rights.
Therefore, a part of the provision might ban author-publisher contract
clauses with these reversion changes. This would be similar to music
copyrights/contract law which limit a composers right to sign over more
than a certain percentage of their interest in a work to the publisher.
An author may sometimes seek to remove a work from circulation, perhaps the
work becomes embarrassing or dated and needs to be revised.
So, another part of the provision might allow the author to irrevocably
place the copyright for a work to be withdrawn in a state of "limbo" such
that no one (including the author) could publish the work until the
author's death (or the  copyright's normal expiration date).  Copyright for
revised works would permit the author to replace one work with another by
relinquishing the copyright for the former work (which cannot be
republished until the copyright's normal expiration date.)

@_date: 1996-12-29 13:33:36
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: "Structuring" of Communications a Felony? 
Tim, I think that this is highly unlikely.  The SC has ruled repeatedly
that anonymous speech is a foundation of American politics (e.g., the
Federalist Papers).
Care to make this prediction a bet?

@_date: 1996-12-29 16:03:27
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: New crypto regs outlaw financing non-US development 
If they have not already done so, those currently doing work for/with C2
can form an off-shore company to manage and develop the crypto work.  This
off-shore company can then sell shares (private/public) to citizens and
companies (both foreign and domestic) and use the proceeds to develop the
software.  Some of the investors (e.g., C2) could be offered the
opportunity to become distributors and support the products in their
respective countries.
I doubt the Executive order can be interpreted to mean U.S. citizens cannot
purchase stocks of foreign companies engaged in crypto.  There are many
companies (e.g., NEC, Siemans, Philips, ect.) which engage in development
of crypto equipment which would not be exportable if they were produced in
the U.S.  Can the gov't deny us the right to invest in these and other
offshore companies?
Since those working for C2 are already doing so offshore (e.g., Australia
and England, I believe) these parties would only need to separately
incorporate an entity to conduct that portion of their current business now
under contract to C2.

@_date: 1996-11-01 16:29:06
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: White House crypto proposal -- too little, too late 
Yes, but crypto is one of the first intangible 'munitions'.  It is much
easier to constrain physical items than data.  That is why anonimity,
especially financial transaction anonymity, is so aboherant to LE.
PGP Fingerprint: FE 90 1A 95 9D EA 8D 61  81 2E CC A9 A4 4A FB A9

@_date: 1996-11-01 16:34:00
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: White House crypto proposal -- too little, too late 
Yes, all products which may create RF radiation (e.g., personal computers)
are required to pass FCC certifications (e.g., Part 15).  Also, telephone
equipment (e.g., modems) must pass other Part 15 provisions before they may
be sold in the U.S. to interconnect with our public switched network.
PGP Fingerprint: FE 90 1A 95 9D EA 8D 61  81 2E CC A9 A4 4A FB A9

@_date: 1996-11-05 23:17:52
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: BUR_ke 
December's Internet World contains a good article by futurist James Burke
('Connections', and 'The Day the Universe Changed') on the societal impact
of the Net.  He discusses the international legal challenge of the Net,
privacy/anonymity, its effect on copyright and publishing, and worldwide
intellectual growth.
PGP Fingerprint: FE 90 1A 95 9D EA 8D 61  81 2E CC A9 A4 4A FB A9

@_date: 1996-11-10 12:51:54
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Cypherpunks, Inc? 
Now why don't the cypherpunks put together something like the item below?
In fact, why don't we form some sort of Guild, trademark the term
cypherpunks (I'll volunteer) and offer cracking and security products (like
the one below) or services?  A product security endorsement from
Cypherpunks Inc. could carry a lot of weight :-)

@_date: 1996-11-11 08:40:56
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Sports Statistics to Be Regulated Under WIPO Treaty (fwd) 
This was my response to the excellent Telecom Regulation posting by Mr. Love.
I couldn't be more pleased that sports and greedy corporations which are
fixtures of American life are pushing for these draconian measures.  I hope
they pass with the strongest possible language and penalties and will
support same.
A broad section of the populace now takes this information for granted.
They will be outraged their elected representatives pass measures which
noticably limit their access to 'public domain' information which are part
of their daily lives.  This will serve to expose many of our elected as the
special interest puppets they are and align the common citizen with the
cypherpunks.  This, in turn, will undermine confidence in our
'unrepresentative' government and its authority.  Best of all it could lead
to populist boomerang legislation which emasculates current copyright law
and via widespread and flagrant 'civil disobedience' regarding copyright on
the Net.
I'm rubbing my hands in anticipation.
PGP Fingerprint: FE 90 1A 95 9D EA 8D 61  81 2E CC A9 A4 4A FB A9

@_date: 1996-11-12 18:20:18
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Taxation Thought Experiment 
I've posed similar questions to friends and aquaintences.  The
working-class stiffs (who can't easily hide from the IRS) feel taxes are an
unwelcome but necessary burden in order to provide the blanket of
government protection they feel exists.  They resent and oppose widespread
tax fraud.  Self-employed tend to be more open to 'alternative' income
PGP Fingerprint: FE 90 1A 95 9D EA 8D 61  81 2E CC A9 A4 4A FB A9

@_date: 1996-11-12 21:06:59
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Secrecy: My life as a nym 
Some recent congressional actions or court rulings regarding the mandidate
for SSN (Source: National Organization for Non-Enumeration (NONE),
* Public Law 104-193 President Clinton Signs Welfare Bill. The bill
includes a number of sections attempting to expand the use of the Social
Security number and creates new state and federal databases for personal
* H.R. 3598 Prohibits certain misuses of the Social Security number.
Prohibits any person from utilizing any person's Social Security number for
purposes of identification of such person without the written consent of
such person.
* H.R. 3110 Disclosure of Social Security number. Provides for disclosure
by the Social Security Administration of Social Security numbers and other
records to judgments, or orders issued by courts of competent jurisdiction.
* H.R. 4209 Requires applicants registering to vote to provide Social
Security number. Amends the National Voter Registration Act of 1993 to
require each individual registering to vote in elections for Federal office
to provide the individual's Social Security number.
* S. 580 Illegal Immigration Control and Enforcement Act of 1995. Provides
for a reduction of acceptable employment-verification documents.
* S. 999 Illegal Immigration Control Act of 1995. Provides for the issuance
of enhanced social security cards for citizens and mandates employer
verification of the number.
* Olympia, Washington. Court rules no "right to labor" without social
security number.
* Bar None New Hampshire attorney, was suspended from the Maine Bar because
he refused to disclose his Social Security number. Reinstated after
agreeing to Consent Decree.
* Texas Tech Texan was terminated from his employment for failing to
provide a social security number. Filed a religious discrimination claim
with EEOC. Rehired under provisions of Consent Decree.
* Stop The Press Washington state youth was fired from his newpaper route
for not having a Social Security number. Rehired after proving federal law
does not require enumeration as a condition of employment.
* Vote! Vote! Virginia's law requiring all citizens to provide their Social
Security number in order to become registered to vote imposes "an
intolerable burden" on their right to vote.
* Taco's Are His Life Ohio teenager fired by Taco Bell for refusing to
provide a Social Security number. Rehired after proving there is no
requirement to provide number to employer.
* Social Security Number Not Needed For Licenses Virginians can choose not
to have their SSN appear on their driver's license.
* Driver License District of Columbia law requiring applicants for driver's
license to provide their Social Security number held invalid.

@_date: 1996-11-12 21:08:47
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Taxation Thought Experiment 
A case in point: A small company which manufactures premium, hand-rolled,
cigars received a bill from the ATF for an unpaid tax and penalties.  The
notice indicated that the particular tax was over 5 years delinquint.  When
asked where in the over 500 pages of ATF regulations this tax was
documented the investigator said he didn't know and indeed didn't find it
after weeks of trying.  Finally and expert in D.C. found the obscure
reference.  The company wanted to know why they were being billed for this
tax after almost a decade of operation.  They were told that althought the
tax has been on the books the ATF had only recently programmed its
computers to access the tax.  Nevertheless, the tax and penalties were
owed, billed or not.

@_date: 1996-11-15 21:49:30
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: ideal secure personal computer system 
I discussed this seriously with an engineering acquaintence who has done
drive design for a number of major companies.  He thought this could be
easily achieved technically but might present some significant hurdles for
getting UL approval :-)  Seriously though, there might be a market for an
Mission Impossible drive retrofit kits which could be triggered by SW or
PGP Fingerprint: FE 90 1A 95 9D EA 8D 61  81 2E CC A9 A4 4A FB A9

@_date: 1996-11-15 22:13:55
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Time Digital: Crime Online 
The winter edition of this bi-monthly has an amusing article, pg 54-58,
about how orgnaized crime is getting more organized with modern technology.
Cases in point:
* A Queens, NY bookie operation doing $65 million per year busted by taping
the their faxes and decoding their hard drives at least one of which had a
menchman's mother's name as the password.
* Cali cartels using up-to-date data management, encryption and SIGINT
methods.  A CIA quote, "...the level of sophistication of the Cali cartel
was about at the level of the KGB when the Soviet Union fell apart."
* According to the article the cost of 'scrubbing' money costs about $0.20
on the dollar in volume.
* The European Union Bank is mentioned as a possible safe haven for laundering.
Among the criminal's tools of the trade, cell phones, scanners and PGP.

@_date: 1996-11-17 09:26:52
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Crypto Bounties: Another Thought that crossed my mind. 
Eric Hughes gave a two-part presentation at DEFCON IV, which he has
subsequently polished up, that addresses: 1. ways to implement a Universal
Priacy System that enables simple and anonymous data hiding using the
existing Net facilites, and 2. a system of intellectual property
distribution and funding which is based more closely on models used in
Hollywood (e.g., completion bonds).
Eric, what's the status of your proposal?

@_date: 1996-11-18 17:54:17
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Crypto Bounties: Another Thought that crossed my mind. 
Why not the free market rate the programmers.  Have a software
distribution/payment collection system which requires that the programmer
get a completion bond from a 3rd-part insurance company.  If the programmer
fails to deliver as promised and/or on-time the donding company pays the
'investors' back in full. Since the bonding company's money would be at
risk, if the programmer failed to deliver, they have every incentive to
conservatively rate the programmers/companies offering ot build SW to spec.
Yes, Eric Hughes proposed a broad and structured proposal primarily
addressing this manner of market funding for software development (and
possibly suitable for other intellectual property creation) at DEFCON IV.
My previous comments on completion bonds were taken from his presentation.

@_date: 1996-11-21 09:37:30
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Mass-market crypto phones 
I've worked with these products, while at Cylink, and don't think it will
be posible to reach your $100 figure for a standalone device without
manufacturing volumes of 100,000/month or so--even AT&T's attempt at a
similar device was priced considerably higher.  Given the lack of general
population interest it is very unlightly a market of this volume will
develop.  A more likely scenario is the inclusion of this technology in a
digital cordless phone, since the A/D-D/A circuits are already part of the
design--some analog units already include scrambling circuits--although
increased power consumption and therefore either power supply weight or
decreased talk and standby times could become a maketing problem.  If
you're interested go contact one of the many Asian consumer electronics
companies (see  tell them how many 10,000's of
units you're willing to buy and have them built for U.S. resale.
Again inclusion in a digital phone is easiest and best, but then again its
already digital and if GSM probably encrypted over the air. Cylink's
briefcase-sized SecureCell was never a success (too heavy and expensive).
Maintaining a >9600bps stable modem link via analog cellular still isn't
easy (even when stationary), but has improved with the availability of
specialized modems.  However, you're right that many more users will be
willing to pay and could be a winning combo.  I'm not sure interconnection
of such a device with most miniature cell phones would be a slam dunk.

@_date: 1996-11-24 18:56:11
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Sameer R.I.P. 
C2 is still appears comitted to anonymity, they just don't want consumer
accounts which were unprofitable.  C2 will still support anonymous Web
pages and offers the Web-access Anonmizer.

@_date: 1996-11-25 17:08:33
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Exon Countdown Clock and farewell messages 
This is a draft of my letter to our dear retiring senator.  Any suggested
Honorable Senator Exon,
Although in all likelyhood you will never read this memorandum, I wish to
express my sincere regret at your retirement and thanks for your many years
of ignoble service to our nation misrepresenting the wishes of your
You have served as a stallwart against change as did those who resisted the
telephone, automobile, radio, television and computer (to name but a few)
before you.  You are a champion of politically correct thinking and
behaviour, perhaps the most dangerous manifestation of an American trend to
intolerence and obedience to social rules.
It is a shame we will not have your carcass to kick around in the halls of
Congress come next term.  All the luck you're due.

@_date: 1996-10-02 17:35:51
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: ITAR satellite provision 
Does anyone on the list have the exact ITAR reg. text relating to the
exemption for space-launched crypto?

@_date: 1996-10-03 10:07:21
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: The Right to Keep and Bear Crypto 
A well-regulated Militia, being necessary to the security of a free State,
the right of the people
 to keep and bear Arms, shall not be infringed.
                                 --Constitution of the United States of America,
                                 Amendment II, 1791
I'm not a consitiutional scholar, but it seems to me that since the
government has already classed crypto as arms via ITAR and since the I am
guaranteed the right to bear arms I choose to bear the crypto of my choice
as part of my arsonal.
The founding father's believed that the citizen's right to arms is all that
may ultimately stand in the path of a government no longer duly
constituted.  In such a case a manditory GAK system could render all but
the government's crypto impotent, disarming the populace of this valuable
I therefore propose that since only strong crypto may be secure against the
government in such a circumstances the government may not deny me the right
to keep and bear the strong crypto of my choosing, unless I use it for
criminal purpose.  Futher in order that citizen militias employing strong
crypto be well regulated (e.g., well maintained) the practice of using
strong crypto by such citizens must be regular and wide spread.

@_date: 1996-10-03 10:29:22
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: DES CRACKING SCREENSAVER, was: Can we kill single DES? 
Suggest you make it a plug-in module to one of the popular screen savers
(e.g., After Dark).  I'd run it.
PGP Fingerprint: FE 90 1A 95 9D EA 8D 61  81 2E CC A9 A4 4A FB A9

@_date: 1996-10-03 11:09:17
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: How might new GAK be enforced? 
No, I don't think they'd be able to stretch things that far.  If designs
for software merely defined a plug-in interface (not specifically
referencing crypto) it would be very difficult to prevent.
PGP Fingerprint: FE 90 1A 95 9D EA 8D 61  81 2E CC A9 A4 4A FB A9

@_date: 1996-10-03 12:59:27
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: How might new GAK be enforced? 
Another possible monkey wrench is to send non-GAK messages containg random
data.  Since the entropy of encrypted and RNG data should be identical you
can always maintain the messages contain nothing at all and cannot produce
a decrypt key since none exists.
See above comment.
Another casuality could be anonymity.  Once GAK is in place, look for a
requirement for Clipper cards in order to access ISPs.

@_date: 1996-10-03 18:41:33
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: The Right to Keep and Bear Crypto 
Unless we get the strong support of the gun lobby and NRA.
I agree.  However, if the forces of evil attempt to get GAK mandidated or
begin arresting or harrassing those who would provide strong crypto it
might an option.

@_date: 1996-10-04 20:49:03
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: The Right to Keep and Bear Crypto 
Thanks, the material was indeed informative.  Some great work!
However, I found much disturbing.  The inference that the Exec branch could
on the one hand classify crypto as a munition ('arms' by any other name),
while for constitutional purposes the Courts may not exposes a deep-seated
legal duplicity.
Constitutional interpretations over the past century not withstanding, it
is clear (to me) that a substantial number of the Framers would abhor what
has become of the Second Amendment's ... right to keep and bear arms.
One of the primary reasons put forth by the Framers for such a right was in
order to resist the an oppressive state.
        The strongest reason for the people to retain the right to keep
        and bear arms is, as a last resort, to protect themselves against
        tyranny in government.
                                  --Thomas Jefferson
        When firearms go, all goes. We need them every hour.
                                  --George Washington
It is ludacrous to expect citizens armed with no more than side arms,
bolt-actions and shot guns to resist the actions of a modern military or
law enforcement which citizens may find in violation of their inaliable
natural rights (whether mistaken or not).  In my opinion, all citizens
should be be able to keep and bear any arms (without registration) which
the state might use against them.   To do so now is a criminal action.  So
be it.
Unfortunately, it is common for groups especially governmental to be come
statist, mean spirited and eventually malevolent.
I hope jim bell or his ilk are soon successful at putting up functional,
anonymous and active AP sites.  I can't wait to wager!

@_date: 1996-10-05 06:33:26
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: ADJ_ust 
Ya' know, I keep seeing government references to all this terrorist
technology and know-how on the Net, but when I do some pretty exhaustive
searches I come up pretty-much empty handed.  Are their claims just
rhetoric or am I incompetent at using Web search tools?  For example, where
can one find on the Net: the means to anonymously purchase CBW precursors
or strains, manufacuting and know-how? Where can one find practical EMP
designs and components?  Where can one find practical Fuel/air explosives
device construction info?
I'm sure you can think of other significant items I've left out.  Hope you
get the picture.

@_date: 1996-10-05 10:52:22
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: The Right to Keep and Bear Crypto 
I guess this is the crux of the matter.  I believe that most or all of
ITAR's munitions should be constitutionally as arms.
I doubt they were unanimous on most any issue.
Yep, when they saw that some of the principles which help fuel the
Revolution could be used to oppose a new order they adopted some of the
same tactics and governmental view points of their former oppressors. The
original calls for strong states rights and a weak central authority were
swept away under Hamilton and early Supreme Court rulings.  In some sense,
the new government became just different clothing on the same old body.
        [The Constitution preserves] the advantage of being armed which
        Americans possess over the people of almost every other nation
        [where] the governments are afraid to trust the people with arms.
                                  --James Madison
                                  The Federalist No. 46, 1787
Many of the framers, their mentors (e.g., Machiavelli) and even
dyed-in-the-wool pacificists (e.g., Mahatma Gandhi) feared a central
authority which, after making arms unavailable to general population would
commence to tyranny.
If I did I appologize.  It was not intentional.
I hope that includes all comuniques from our government's Executive branch
(although they almost never discuss these things publitically, with the
possible exception of our raid on Kadaffi).  How about the popular U.S.
consensus that the government aught to have killed Saddam?
Seems to me that some of the natural rights the people gave the government
need to be taken back (such as the perogative for personal actions
affecting those outside the U.S.)  Though I doubt that the government would
ever allow it. Why should the government call all the foreign policy shots
and have all the fun?  Especially when you see what a poor track record
they have.  Seems they should step aside for while and let some direct
democracy go to work for a change.
Thanks for your informative responses.  I don't expect a reply as you've
undoubtedly placed me in your kill file (as some other may have already).

@_date: 1996-10-07 07:10:31
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Voice Stress Analysis of Debates? 
BTW, did anyone notice that some of the evening news anchors are imaged via
a camera/DSP to render as more youthful (e.g., removing facial wrinkles)?
PGP Fingerprint: FE 90 1A 95 9D EA 8D 61  81 2E CC A9 A4 4A FB A9

@_date: 1996-10-07 07:12:09
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: "Drift net fishing," GAK, FBI, and NSA 
The airlines don't yet carefully check IDs (no SSN or DL # retained).  They
merely check that the name on your ID matches the reservation.
Are SSN and other ID required when opening a 'pre-paid' credit card
account?  That is, the ones for persons with poor credit who are required
to maintain a balance sufficient to pay off the charges?  Perhaps we could
put our heads together and determine a way to become franchised by MC/VISA
and offer 'affinity' type accounts with no address requirements (all
statments are sent via remailer/nym email).

@_date: 1996-10-07 11:54:31
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Put up or shut up! was Re: legality of wiretapping: a "key" distinction 
I think those of you who continue to answer the unresearched rants of
amateur lawyers waste your efforts on trying to change the learning habits
of other, hopefully, mature adults.  If it ain't good by now, forget it.
Using, as you say, out-of-the-shower ideas to re-argue settled caselaw are
almost always fruitless.  Since the intents of the ranters are generally
anarchistic, why even involve the law and justice. Even if their ideas have
good philosophical basis there is little hope for the broad changes they
seek in the political or legal landscape (given the powerful and selfish
interests of those inside and outside the beltway) without a great trauma
to the system.  Look at the relatively pitifully accomplishments Jefferson
was able to show for his many years of Republican efforts, and that after
serving two terms as president.
I believe that this is also the case for individuals.  Almost all of us
have great difficulty adopting new behaviors (e.g., dietary, excercise,
change in unhealthy/illegal sexual behavior), even ones thought beneficial,
unless there is great incentive or an experience which is so fundemental
(e.g., near death) that we are forced confront it head on.
My advice to these amateur anarchists is, if they really believe in their
quest,  become professionals and develop and use whatever means (civial
disobedience, crypto, CBW, AP, etc.) they think they require to shock the
system into confronting your demands and see how it plays out.  Otherwise
shut up!
PGP Fingerprint: FE 90 1A 95 9D EA 8D 61  81 2E CC A9 A4 4A FB A9

@_date: 1996-10-07 12:12:00
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: "Drift net fishing," GAK, FBI, and NSA 
No doubt.
The banks offering these pre-paid 'credit', really debit, cards are already
offering such an instrument.  Although I've got my hands full at the
moment, I've been asked by several money sources to investigate some
unconventional, but legal, instrument services.  Seems, as you say, you
only have to guarantee the holder that they and establish and transact
business with relatively good anonymity.
I'm not making any promises, but I have some banking experience (6 years at
Citicorp) developing financial products, ATM, wireless and transaction
crypto.  The most difficult part, besides the marketing, would be getting a
MC/VISA franchise under acceptable contractual terms.  I've never done this
sort of thing.  Seems you wouldn't need to pitch this to MC/VISA any
different than many of the other similar 'debit' cards.  Unless their
contracts specifically contain a 'know you payee' provision (required for
checking and savings, which are Fed insured, and money transmitters), it
shouldn't be a problem.

@_date: 1996-10-09 05:55:34
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Put up or shut up! 
After establishing your offshore banking account you can move moderate
amounts of money there from the U.S. by using private money order or
travellers checks.  Most money transmitters and banks won't ask for ID or
that you fill out the payorpayee in the process.  If you live in a large
city there should be enough outlest to enable you to transport
$10,000s/month without seeing the same merchant twice in same month.  It'll
just look like you don't have a checking account and are paying you're
monthly bills.
The advantage of these instruments, of course, is that they are relatvely
safe from loss.
As was pointed out earlier on the list, you can use FedEx to send int'l
parcels w/o providing identification.

@_date: 1996-10-09 10:43:07
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Porn and commerce 
It seems these arguments raise yet a third point.  It seems that one could
quite easily extend the 'Commerce Clause' to beyond our own borders and
infer that countries have no right to regulate Net commerce from servers
which originate outside their borders.  It seems a key question hinges on
the 'source' of authority for the laws of countries, which most would claim
is their NATURAL and INALIENABLE SOVERIGNTY insofar as matters of commerce
and diplomacy are concerned.  But should one country have the legal right
to regulate the commerce of parties with no physical presence within their
borders?  After all, if it is reasonable to assume too much of a burden for
interstate merchandisers to keep track of variations in state sales tax
rates and classifications for interstate publishers to keep track of
variations in the far less certain "community standards" of obscenity and
indecency, on what NATURAL basis should the U.S. (or for that matter any
country) attempt to impose such national burdens on international
merchandisers and publishers?
PGP Fingerprint: FE 90 1A 95 9D EA 8D 61  81 2E CC A9 A4 4A FB A9

@_date: 1996-10-10 08:26:45
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: pgp, edi, s/mime 
How will users be made confident that the S/MIME crypto isn't somehow
compromised in these products?  Vendor trust (I think not, with all the
government pressures)?
PGP Fingerprint: FE 90 1A 95 9D EA 8D 61  81 2E CC A9 A4 4A FB A9

@_date: 1996-10-11 07:40:53
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: "Drift net fishing," GAK, FBI, and NSA 
How about companies that issue credit cards, but don't extend credit?  The
kind customers must maintain a postive balance at all times in order to
charge against their account.

@_date: 1996-10-11 21:29:55
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Constitutional Convention 
Have any on the list been following ballot measures aimed at term limits?
In Nevada, one of (I believe 45 states) with such initiatives on the
November ballot, the measure seeks to limit some state offices and requires
the state to call for a Consititutional Convention to limit terms of
Federal Senators and Reps.
If these pass we could be in for some wild times as every disaffected group
(e.g., pro-life) seeks to codify new Amendments in agreement with their pet
PGP Fingerprint: FE 90 1A 95 9D EA 8D 61  81 2E CC A9 A4 4A FB A9

@_date: 1996-10-11 21:40:51
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Burma bans modems 
Look, look, up in the sky!  Its a B2, not its an F-117, no it AP-man!
The Great Mandala is in motion. Ladies and gentleman place your bets.
PGP Fingerprint: FE 90 1A 95 9D EA 8D 61  81 2E CC A9 A4 4A FB A9

@_date: 1996-10-12 09:07:50
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: exporting signatures only/CAPI (was Re: Why not PGP?) 
That's one good application for remailers, and .warez newsgroups. at.
An excellent suggestion.

@_date: 1996-10-12 10:05:14
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: is there no end to AP & Creative Wiretap Arguments? 
How about as a means of coercing war criminals ethnic purgers, as those in
Bosnia/Serbia, to turn themselves in to proper tribunals for judging.
Having AP bettors wager $100,000s on your untimely retirement, unless you
turn yourself in, could induce one to consider conventional justice.
I find it appalling the duplicity of world government leaders which talk
frequently of world justice but are only prepared to expend real effort to
catch the few terrorists attacking their citizens, while those who commit
genocide on other are given half-hearted slaps of the hand and told not to
sin again, or less through government inaction.
Just think of it as a sportsbook with different games and players.  You
wouldn't accuse bettors of trying to influence the outcome a football game
would you?  :-)
No, I see it as another possible means of encouraging justice in a world
where the largest criminals are often beyond the reach of the world
community due to 'political complications'.
I think AP, or its ilk, may be a likely outcome in a would unable or
unwilling to apply justice even-handedly no matter what a person's station.
It's a popular rebellion to encourage the 'legal' world justice system to
have more backbone and care less about politics or risk being marginalized.
Mathematically verifiable safeguards would need be developed so that this
is minimized or eliminated as a possibility before any sportsbooks, what
ever the sport, operate.  This is a function the community of cypherpunks
and professional crypto and security people should serve.
All human rights are Naturally derived as are the 'Laws of the Jungle'.
Governments instituted among men should derive their rights from the
soverignty of its citizens.  Unfortunately, many countries choose to ignore
this.  AP should serve an occassionally competitive system to keep the
'duly consistuted' system on its toes lest those in authority reap the law
of the jungle.
PGP Fingerprint: FE 90 1A 95 9D EA 8D 61  81 2E CC A9 A4 4A FB A9

@_date: 1996-10-13 08:28:11
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: exporting signatures only/CAPI (was Re: Why not PGP?) 
Has anyone tried this to see whether the LOS would or wouldn't be acceptable?
On a related note:
I've been charged with developing an Internet service which needs to assure
its clients of anonymity.  However, we fear some clients may abuse the
service and we wish to prevent the abusers from re-enrollment if
terminated for misbehavior. (In your example, it would be the person(s)
trying to discover the service host via flood).
My thought was to base enrollment on some sort of 'blinding' of their
certified signature (e.g., from Verisign) which produces a unique result
for each signature but prevents the service from reconstructing the
signature itself (and thereby reveal the client's identity).  I'm calling
this negative authentication.
Have you come across anyone who has considered this problem or
another one which is mathematically very similar?
If the service could negatively authenticate users it would need such
limits and might not be subject to such attack.
I've never heard of the eternity service.  Where can I get more information?
BTW, would Eric Hughes' Universal Piracy System also solve such a
situation, by distributing or parking snippets of encrypted file data
across many 'cooperating' ftp (or whatever access/storage mechanism) sites.
Perhaps the negative authentication approach would help here too by
preventing flood/denial of service attacks against the 'key' sites.  If
only snippets of encrypted data are stored on any one host it might make
the SPA's goal even more elusive legally.
PGP Fingerprint: FE 90 1A 95 9D EA 8D 61  81 2E CC A9 A4 4A FB A9

@_date: 1996-10-13 08:37:26
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: SPA sues C2, other ISPs and users 
In Sameer's case they may not get far with forcing him to reveal user
identites since any one of them with intelligence is probably using ecash
or money orders for payment (something he encourages to protect anonymity).
Where's Eric Hughes' Universal Piracy System now that we need it?
PGP Fingerprint: FE 90 1A 95 9D EA 8D 61  81 2E CC A9 A4 4A FB A9

@_date: 1996-10-13 11:17:53
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Op-Ed piece 
We all complain how the media are actively ignoring the crypto issues
during the campaign.  Here's a chance for us to quickly do something with
some impact beyond our group.
I'm looking insert an (1000-2000 word) op-ed piece or letter to the editor
in my local Sunday paper presenting a non-technical,
Libertarian/cypherpunk, view of the present crypto situation, our
objections to the government's proposals, etc.  Does anyone have a
suggestion on where to find such an animal?  I'd rather not spend the next
day or two writing one.
Perhaps we could coordinate a plan to have the same piece inserted next
Sunday in various newspapers.

@_date: 1996-10-14 09:20:13
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Blinded Identities [was Re: exporting signatures only/CAPI] 
Yes, it was quite a load, but very good material.
Is it possible to determine the level of Verisign signature to screen out
personna certificates?
Of course, if elections were very infrequent, they could cut off a finger
each time you vote :-)
You all have given me much to think about.

@_date: 1996-10-14 18:26:00
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: crypto wish list (was Re: A "RIGHT" to strong crypto?) 
Best to use The only person I know of to announce such a project was Ray Cromwell. His
Decense project was discussed on this list briefly in February.  I believe
the source is still posted at .
I've tried to contact Ray to get an up date on progress, but without
The shortcoming of Ray's approach is that it requires intermediate servers
to re-route all client-server packets and therefore someone must provide
that, considerable, bandwidth for free or fee.
If someone were to set up a real-time BlackNet it could provide a superset
of Decense and also offer considerably improved anonymity.  I've heard some
months ago that such a project is under consideration.
PGP Fingerprint: FE 90 1A 95 9D EA 8D 61  81 2E CC A9 A4 4A FB A9

@_date: 1996-10-15 11:14:20
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: extortion via digital cash 
Although Digicash's ecash offers anonymity to the payor it does not to the
payee.  The reasons have to do with the way coins are blinded.  So LE
could, with the bank's cooperation, easily associate the two sides of a
transaction.  This was intentional on Chaum's part, either for moral or
practical political considerations.  Its probably only a relatively minor
patch to allow one ecash purse (the kidnapper's) to generate the blind
token values so that another (similarly patched) purse (the vicitim's) can
submit them to the mint and return the minted coins to the kidnapper (e.g.,
by posting on a popular Usenet group).  In this scenario the only
reasonable way left to track the money is via linkage (the size and timing
of deposits and withdrawls in the kidnapper's account).
PGP Fingerprint: FE 90 1A 95 9D EA 8D 61  81 2E CC A9 A4 4A FB A9

@_date: 1996-10-15 20:26:50
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Killing Mr. Wallace of "Savetrees"? 
Do you think this approach might stop the SPAM?
PGP Fingerprint: FE 90 1A 95 9D EA 8D 61  81 2E CC A9 A4 4A FB A9

@_date: 1996-10-16 11:54:39
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: extortion via digital cash 
If the kidnapper doesn't have an account then they must launder it through
an accomplice (willing or not) in order to convert the money to any other
form.  Of course, if ecash becomes ubiquitous (which I think most on the
list truly desire, for any number of reasons) then, you're right, there's
no need to take value out of the ecash system exceppt for any purchasing
the goods and services one would in any case.

@_date: 1996-10-17 13:35:36
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: NAVAHO 
As most all on this list are aware, the U.S. Army made frequent and
successful use of our indigenous people (often Navaho) for battle field
communications during WW II.  Now obviously Navaho is a widely recognized
language and even our 'oppressive" government wouldn't dare tell such
speakers, who might be under investigation for some alledged criminal
activity, that were engaging in international communications that they
could not use this or a similar form of communciation because LE might not
be able to interpret its meaning.
What would be the legal status of communicating with a language, too
complex for easy human use, which required a computer to structure and
translate between other human languages?  What would be the ITAR
implication of exporting such linguistic software?
What about speaking or writing riddles or other 'indirect' coding in which
the true meaning of spoken or written communication is other than the
appearent (literature, especially mysteries have them)?  Could export of
software designed to create/interpret such riddles or 'hidden' meanings
come under ITAR regulation?

@_date: 1996-10-17 18:39:13
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Anonymous Auth Certificates [was: Re: Blinded Identities] 
It seems that one crux of the problem revolves around the CA and its method
of certificate issuance.  A CA which uses biometric data to
reduce/eliminate the chance that an applicant could get several, unrelated,
certificates issued would provide a basis for negative authentication
(similar to a negative credit file).
A one-way function performed, by the client, on their certificate from this
CA would yield a token which unambiguously binds it to a valid certificate
of the CA (and therefore uniquely identifies them) w/o revealing the
certificate itself.

@_date: 1996-10-17 18:39:19
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: European Commission on "Illegal and harmful content on the Internet" 
It looks as if a functioning AP system can't be here any too soon.  I can't
wait to bet that these sorts of thought-crime restriction won't be seen as

@_date: 1996-10-19 18:29:53
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: NSA/GCSB spying shown on NZ television [RANT] 
To paraphrase Gen. George S. Patton, "No dumb bastard ever won by dying for
his cause, he won by making the other poor dumb bastard die for his."
PGP Fingerprint: FE 90 1A 95 9D EA 8D 61  81 2E CC A9 A4 4A FB A9

@_date: 1996-10-19 19:32:08
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: IP: - Biham/Shamir Differential Fault Analysis of DES, etc 
Although using physical/electrical attacks to cause circuit disruptions to
ICs (like smartcard) may be feasible, it appears to be much more difficult
to mount this sort of attack on specially hardened crypto modules, which
can more effectively isolate themselves from invasive sources or detect
them and take action (i.e., key clearance) before an attacker can pry out
their secrets.

@_date: 1996-10-20 12:54:00
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Usenet and Re: extortion via digital cash 
be a good place to bring up my thoughts.  As an already existing, widely
disseminated and easily used message pool, Usenet is very valuable to us.
I'm concerned that it may not last though.  Many people now complain about
how low the signal to noise ratio is (even more than they complain about
this list). I've heard people say that they have given up on newsgroups in
favor of mailing list, web-zines, etc.  So, if it gets too bad, might it
just fade away? Or, if it remains but becomes unpopular, will it be easy to
restrict if we use it for anonymous messages?
In the U.S., at least, attempts to enforce identification of Internet users
or anonymous posters to newgroups and such are likely to meet with stiff
legal resistance.  The Supreme Court has ruled that anonymous use of
protected speech (e.g., political handbills) must be permitted.

@_date: 1996-10-25 23:37:12
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Anonymous Auth Certificates [was: Re: Blinded Identities] 
I guess I was mistaken about how rigorous identification checking was
performed at various CAs.  Verisign used to advertise three levels of CA
checking, although I can only find two on their Web site at this time.  The
lowest, Class 1, is simply tied to your email address and is inadequate for
my purposes.  Class 2 Digital IDs provide identity assurance by requiring
third-party confirmation of your name, mailing address, and other personal
information.  Although by no means bullet-proof dependence on Class 2 might
be a workable alternative to a substantial, up-front, money escrow (as
suggested) which I believe would make my service unworkable.

@_date: 1996-10-26 21:38:29
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Prof Shamir arrested 
Or play the game the way nations do, be prepared to meet LE with equal or
greater force or creditable threat of same.

@_date: 1996-10-27 10:37:59
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Reason for AP anonymity 
Astrologer released after predicting death of Venezuela president
By Vivian Sequera
ASSOCIATED PRESS
CARACAS, Venezuela - An astrologer who predicted 80 year-old President
Rafael Caldera's "death" next year was released by political police
Thursday after two days of questioning in detention.
Jose Bernardo Gomez, 47, said he was detained "because I spoke about the
possibility of the death of President Caldera."
The widely feared Department of Intelligence and Prevention Services wanted
to know where Gomez At his information, he said, and whether he was
connected to leftist political groups.
Caldera's astrological chart ,show that "Uranus is over the sun, Pluto is
in ascendancy and Mars is going behind its moon" - not a good sign for the
president, Gomez told police.
"I've been sustaining the possibility of the death of the president of the
republic for a long time," Gomez said, adding that the word "death" is
"symbolic language that could be physical or something of another order."
The arrest of the rotund, boarded and jovial 47-year
old philosophy professor at Venezuela Central University was treated as
front-page news by the mainstream daily newspaper El Nacional and other
Government officials, perhaps a little embarrassed, played down the incident.
"He's not accused of anything," Interior Minister Jose Guillermo Andueza
said tersely. Political police merely wanted to know "what basis he has for
making this kind of statement."
Gomez, an academic with postgraduate degrees in history, education,
psychology and philosophy from three Venezuela universities, said he meant
Caldera no wrong and, in fact, voted for Caldera for his first term in
"I wish the president good health. I'm not betting on his sicknesses, much
less on his death," Gomez said in an interview in his home two hours after
his release. "It's just that from an astrological point of view, 1997 looks
dark for Caldera."
Gomez spoke publicly on the topic at a conference of businessmen on Oct. 12.

@_date: 1996-10-27 19:08:46
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: No Subject 
I came across some interesting passages in the RAND Corp. study, An
Exploration of Cyberspace Security R&D Investment Strategies for DARPA:
"The Day After ... in Cyberspace II", MR-797-DARPA.
The report describes the results of an exercise sponsored by the Defense
Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA) using the RAND "The Day After..."
methodology to elicit the views of participants on research and investment
strategies addressing the security and safety of systems and networks
supporting various U.S. physical and functional infrastructures. The
exercise was held on March 23, 1996 in Washington D.C., and involved
approximately 60 participants from government, universities, and commercial
industries involved with the U.S. information infrastructure.
Has this report been discussed on the list?
Is it possible to "sterilize" data passing through our telecommunications
Billions of bits of data pass through our national information
infrastructure each second. Some of those bits represent information about
individual citizens' login and password combinations, social security and
credit card numbers, account information, health status, and innumerable
other sensitive information items. Our nation has superb communications
monitoring tools, housed primarily in the National Security Agency.
However, the NSA is precluded by law from collecting information about U.S.
citizens. When incidents of "information warfare" are being waged against
U.S. systems, could key data flows be "sterilized" or "sanitized" by
computer hardware and/or software in such a manner that the NSA could help
monitor and track perpetrators in cyberspace without violating these laws?
This topic was raised during exercise discussions. We have not studied all
the relevant laws and regulations to assess whether such sterilization
measures would allow the power of NSA's analyses to be brought to bear on
telecommunications involving U.S. citizens, but perhaps the topic merits
further investigation. If so, what kinds of pattern detection and
replacement algorithms would suffice to accomplish this goal?
Sponsor development of an aircraft-like "black box" recording device
When a cyberspace security incident happens, it is often not detected in
real time, and the trail back to the perpetrator becomes lost. Could a
"black box" recording device be developed, to be attached to key nodes or
links of cyberspace systems, that would record every transaction passing
through that node or link during the last n minutes (where n=5 or 10, for
example)? If so, that record would be invaluable in tracing the source of
incidents, whether they are accidental or deliberately perpetrated.
Thousands of such systems would be required to cover key links or nodes;
could they be made robust, inexpensive, and ultra-reliable?
PGP Fingerprint: FE 90 1A 95 9D EA 8D 61  81 2E CC A9 A4 4A FB A9

@_date: 1996-09-05 08:34:30
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: What is the EFF doing exactly? 
Yes, and that is why some companies (e.g., Private Lines) offer anonymous
out-bound calling services.
I find most unwanted communications objectionable, anonymous or not. How
about billboards.  Should the fact that I choose to be outside or on a
roadway make my eye a target for ads? (If so, then why not consider having
an e-mail account in a similar vein?)  The fact that I can immediately, or
later, identify the responsible party doesn't keep me from initially seeing
the ad and taking my time.  If I object, what are my alternatives?  The
last thing I want is monetary compensation.  I want my time back.  Failing
this, I want the abusers time (sorta' like in Zardoz).
"The reasonable man adapts himself to the world: the unreasonable
one persists in trying to adapt the world to himself.
Therefore all progress depends on the unreasonable man."
--George Bernard Shaw
PGP Fingerprint: FE 90 1A 95 9D EA 8D 61  81 2E CC A9 A4 4A FB A9

@_date: 1996-09-05 08:52:52
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: flimflamery on anonymity 
These attitudes create business opportunities for others who would seek to
serve those who prefer anonymity.
As long as attractive, anonymous, alternatives sufficient for those (of a
'cyherpunk' mind) seeking to communicate, transact commerce, etc. exist it
won't matter to whether others choose to enforce stricter identity
As always the market and the street will decide.
PGP Fingerprint: FE 90 1A 95 9D EA 8D 61  81 2E CC A9 A4 4A FB A9

@_date: 1996-09-05 09:51:08
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Intelligence Community Briefing 
My security clearence has long since expired. Anyone on the list plan to
attend and report back :-)
PGP Fingerprint: FE 90 1A 95 9D EA 8D 61  81 2E CC A9 A4 4A FB A9

@_date: 1996-09-05 09:57:10
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Reputations 
"Regulation - which is based on force and fear - undermines the moral base
of business dealings. It becomes cheaper to bribe a building inspector than
to meet his standards of construction. A fly-by-night securities operator
can quickly meet all the S.E.C. requirements, gain the inference of
respectability, and proceed to fleece the public. In an unregulated
economy, the operator would have had to spend a number of years in
reputable dealings before he could earn a position of trust sufficient to
induce a number of investors to place funds with him. Protection of the
consumer by regulation is thus illusory."
  -- Alan Greenspan
TCM, seems like a reputable source to support your views.

@_date: 1996-09-05 12:15:57
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Secure remailers, was Race Bit: C 
Yes, that is why there needs to be a move to place all 'critical' portions
of remailers and other important servers inside trusted hardware which is
highly resistant to compromise.  All access to sensitive information (e.g.,
keys) inside these modules should require multiple parties in several
countries (not just the operator of the server) to cooperate.  Properly
structured (such controls could effectively thwart law enforcement
PGP Fingerprint: FE 90 1A 95 9D EA 8D 61  81 2E CC A9 A4 4A FB A9

@_date: 1996-09-06 19:37:40
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Tack of Internet censorship 
Whatever happened to Ray Cromwell's Decense
 project ?  Decense, "a cgi
script designed to provide a double-blind pseudonym scheme which allows a
site to hide
behind a chain of http servers which 'proxy' for it. Neither the user [ID]
requesting the document, nor the ultimate address of the destination web
site is immediately available to prying government eyes.

@_date: 1996-09-09 15:45:36
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Browne and foreign tyrants 
In the late 30's Bugsy Seigel was in Europe visiting a friend (a countess,
I believe).  At one of her parties Hitler and a few henchmen also showed
up.  When Buggsy found out who they were he went to get his gun and finish
them off.  It was only on the pleading of his friend, that it would set off
an international incident and could ruin her, that Buggsy relented.  Too
bad he wasn't more of a hot head.
PGP Fingerprint: FE 90 1A 95 9D EA 8D 61  81 2E CC A9 A4 4A FB A9

@_date: 1996-09-10 07:04:22
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Anonymous FedEx, was: What is the EFF doing exactly? 
Not a problem.  You merely use the FedEx number of local company.  Get
FedEx forms from an unmanned FedEx pick-up point, fill one in (using an
impact printer, if desired, to simulate the appearance of the pre-addressed
forms given to their regular customers), attach to parcel and drop it in
the box (no finger prints please).
Works like a charm.
PGP Fingerprint: FE 90 1A 95 9D EA 8D 61  81 2E CC A9 A4 4A FB A9

@_date: 1996-09-14 15:11:01
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Child Porn as Thoughtcrime 
What if someone combined images now generally considered pornographic under
current U.S. law, with a pressing political message.  For example, a nude
pre-teen holding a picket sign saying "F*** Censorship."  How would the
courts separate the protected speech (content) from the sexual (context)?
PGP Fingerprint: FE 90 1A 95 9D EA 8D 61  81 2E CC A9 A4 4A FB A9

@_date: 1996-09-15 11:48:37
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Alien and Sedition Acts [WAS xs4all.nl] then Terrorists 
Look for something along these lines from Congress in the not too distant
future.  All in our best interest, of course.  (from 'In Pursuit of Reason:
The Life of Thomas Jefferson, Nobel E. Cunningham, Jr.)
"The first alien act (June 25, 1798) empowered the president to order the
deportation of any alien he judged "dangerous to the peace and saftey of
the united State" or had reasonable grounds to suspect was involved in any
trasonable intrigue against the government.  It was up to the president to
determine what constituted a danger."
"Even more sweeping and more objectionable to Republican opponents of the
administration was the sedition act (July 14, 1798).  Passed in the final
days of of the session, after Jefferson had left for Virginia, the act made
it unlawful for any person to combine or conspire together to oppose any
lawful measure of the government, to prevent any officer of the united
States from performing his duties, or to aid or attempt to procure 'any
insurrection, roit, unlawful assembly, or combination.' Furthermore, it
provided for the punishment of any person writing, uttering, or publishing
'any false, scandalous and malicious writing' against the president, the
Congress of the government of the united States, made with the intent to
defame them or exite against them 'the hatred of the good people of the
united States.'"

@_date: 1996-09-17 13:21:02
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Assassination Politics, was Kiddie porn on the Internet 
We've all heard these arguments, but are they true?  Who says so, and how
can they be certain? Jim's suggestion has never, to my knowledge, been
tried on a consistant, large, scale.  When all conventional alternatives
have been tried and fail, what have we or the starving children got to
I'm sure there are qualified mercinaries available at the right price to
put together wetwork operations, just look in soldier of fortune.
I once had a hand in establishing a non-profit.  Perhaps we can name it
SPECTRE (SPecial Executive for Counter-intelligence, Terrorism, Revenge and
Extortion) after Ian Flemming.
Is it legal for citizens of the U.S. to engage in contract killing of
foreign military, politations, etc?  How about U.S. or foreign non-profits?
In a related matter, I used to be an avid RC modeler.  By marrying a
single-board computers, DGPS (Differential GPS) and Giant Scale Remote
Control technologies it now appears straightforward to produce inexpensive
consumer cruise missiles capable of accurate (<10 meter radius) delivery of
10 kg. explosive, gas or biological payloads over several hundred km. for
less than $10,000 each.  Both reciprocating and miniature jet engines are
available. Might make cheaper alternative to mercinaries.

@_date: 1996-09-17 13:28:58
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Risk v. Charity (was: RE: Workers Paradise. /Political rant). 
Not quite.  You'll remember that SS was pitched to the masses as such
during the Great Depression, but its true purpose was to allow older
workers to quickly retire and make room for the largely unemployed men in
their prime, family raising, years.
No doubt.  See my previous comment.
Next major recession: Here we go again.
Right on!
PGP Fingerprint: FE 90 1A 95 9D EA 8D 61  81 2E CC A9 A4 4A FB A9

@_date: 1996-09-17 16:28:11
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: 56 kbps modems 
Couldn't you just 'assume' you knew which bit was 'robbed' and test to see
the result?  If you were wrong, couldn't you advance/retard your clocking
and via a process of elimination sync with the 'robbed bit?
PGP Fingerprint: FE 90 1A 95 9D EA 8D 61  81 2E CC A9 A4 4A FB A9

@_date: 1996-09-18 08:36:24
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Assassination Politics, was Kiddie porn on the Internet 
Does it?  LOTF was fiction.  Can you identify a recent instance in which a
non-governmental organization attempted to influence political/military
events via a concerted AP?
So, you're saying it is legal for citizens?
The second question was whether a non-profit org. could raise
tax-deductible funds to conduct such operations.
PGP Fingerprint: FE 90 1A 95 9D EA 8D 61  81 2E CC A9 A4 4A FB A9

@_date: 1996-09-18 18:06:06
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: The GAK Momentum is Building... 
It seems that in order for this to work Net consumers must be
convinced/coerced into accepting the GAK security features.  What if, due
to a grassroots uprising, Neters refuse to use products which require GAK
or Net services which will only operate via GAK?  Isn't there an great
opportunity being created for S/Wan, Apache and its ilk and third-party
(especially off-shore, non-COCOM, produced) security plug-ins?
Enacting laws which make criminals out otherwise upstanding citizens is the
surest path to civil disobedience/unrest, disrespect for duly constituted
government and more serious criminal behavior.  I guess I and many friends
will be on posters in the Post Office.

@_date: 1996-09-18 20:07:15
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Fear of Flying -- from HotWired 
Why not learn from the pros:
IRAQI  BIOLOGICAL WARFARE [BW) DEVELOPMENTS
(b)(2)   ]
[   (b)(2)   ]
SUBJ:    IRAQI  BIOLOGICAL WARFARE [BW) DEVELOPMENTS
1.  [      (b)(1) sec 1.3(a)(4)    ] IRAQ  ACQUIRED
FORTY HIGH
PERFORMANCE AEROSOL GENERATORS IN  THE  SPRING  OF'  1990 OSTENSIBLY  FOR
SPRAYING  CROPS WITH PESTICIDES.    THE  GENERATORS  WERE  CUSTOM  BUILT
TO  DELIVER  EITHER  LIQUID OR DRY MATERIAL  EITHER  SIGNLY  OR
SIMULTANEOUSLY.   THE GENERATORS CAN DISTRIBUTE FIFTY  LITERS  PER MINUTE
[3-,0O0  LITERS  PER  HOUR OR APPROXIMATELY 800 GALLONS  PER  HOUR)
THROUGH A  CUSTOM  DESIGNED NOZZLE[S] WHICH PERMITS  THE AEROSOL TO
ADJUSTED  TO  TEN DIFFERENT PARTICLE SIZES.    THE  DISSEMINATION
OUTLET CAN  BE  ROTATED  ONE  HUNDRED  AND EIGHTY DEGREES  THEREBY
ENABLING DISSEMINATION  HORIZONTAL  TO GROUND OR WATER SURFACES, UPWARDS  AT AN ANGLE PERMITTING PREVAILING WINDS TO CARRY THE  THE IRAQI  ENTITY WHICH ACQUIRED THE AEROSOL GENERATORS IS  NOT  KNOWN
AT THIS  TIME  BUT  COULD  VERY WELL BE CONNECTED TO  THE  IRAQI
[   (b)(2)   ]
WARFARE BW PROGRAM.
2.      THE AEROSOL  GENERATORS ARE OF SUCH--SIZE TO FIT ON THE
BACK  OF A
PICKUP  TRUCK  OR  A SMALL ALL-TERRAIN VEHICLE, A SMALL BOAT, OR SMALL
AIRCRAFT.   THESE UNITS WOULD BE SUITABLE FOR THE DISPERSAL  OF BW AGENTS
IN EITHER LIQUID  OR  DRY  FORM.  THE ABILITY  TO  DISPENSE
SIMULTANEOUSLY TWO BW AGENTS AT THE SAME TIME.  SUCH UNITS, HOWEVER,
WOULD THEMSELVES BECOME HEAVILY CONTAMINATED DURING USE AND WOULD REQUIRE
DECONTAMINATION TO RENDER THEM SAFE.  PERSONNEL OPERATING SUCH UNITS WOULD
AT A MINIMUM NEED TO WEAR A PROTECTIVE OVERGARMENT A CHEMICAL AND
BIOLOGICAL WARFARE MASK, AND UNDERGO THOROUGH DECONTAMINATION DISPENSING THE AGENT(S) . DECONTAMINATION OF THE AEROSOL GENERATORS AND
TRANSPORT VEHICLES WOULD LIKELY HAVE TO ACCUR NEAR THE AREA OF OPERATION
AT REMOTE LOCATIONS SO AS TO MININIZE INCIDENTAL CONTAMINATION OF IRAQI
3.  THE IRAQIS HAVE TWO CONFIRMED BW AGENTS--ANTHRAX AND BOTULINUM ANTHRAX CAN BE4 DISSEMINATED BY AEROSOL GENRATORS EITHER AS A FREEZE-DRIED
POWDER OR AS A LIQUID SUSPENSION.  THEORETICALLY BOTULINIUM TOXIN CAN BE
DISPENSED AS EITHER A FREZE-DRIED POWDER, PROBABLY IN COMBINATION WITH A
FILLER, OR AS A LIQUID.  THE MORE LIKELY OF THE TWO CHOICES FOR BOTULINUM
TOXIN IS DISSEMINATION AS A POWDER.  POWDERS ARE EASILY MIXED WITH
FILLERS, POSE A CONSIDERABLY GREATER THREAT THROUGH INHALATION, AND ARE
BETTER ABLE TO WITHSTAND THE SHEAR FORCES EXPERIENCED WHEN DISSEMINATED
THROUGH NOZZLES WITH A RELATIVELY SMALL ORIFICE.  PGP Fingerprint: FE 90 1A 95 9D EA 8D 61  81 2E CC A9 A4 4A FB A9

@_date: 1996-09-22 15:15:31
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Kill 'em and let God sort it out, was Re: The GAK Momentum is Building... 
If AP came to be seen as an acceptable way for business and citizens to
right egregious wrongs it would quickly lead to a 'law of the jungle'
situation, which I think any sane person would reject as the cure being
worse than the disease.  However, if governemnts (especially ours) continue
to expand their implied authority and greatly diminishing personal
liberties we all took for granted were inaliable human rights (in our own
best interest, of course), a time may come when a bit of rebellion may be
the only viable alternative for self-correction.  I pray it never comes to
this, but Thomas Jefferson contemplating this said:
"God forbid we should ever be 20 years without such a rebellion. . . .What
country can preserve it's liberties if their rulers are not warned from
time to time that their people preserve the spirit of resistance?. . .The
tree of liberty must be refreshed from time to time with the blood of
patriots and tyrants."
  --  Thomas Jefferson, regarding Shay's Rebellion and anarchy.
PGP Fingerprint: FE 90 1A 95 9D EA 8D 61  81 2E CC A9 A4 4A FB A9

@_date: 1996-09-23 08:04:32
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Internet File System? 
Eric Hughes, well known cypherpunk, presented a two-part paper at DEFCON
IV.  The first part of the paper, entitled the "Universal Piracy System" or
UPS, addresses an Internet/Web file system which offers universal access
and privacy. The second part addresses how the UPS can be the enabler for
the demise of copyright while offering a market driven replacement of an
entirely different character.  I hear Eric is refining these ideas and we
hope to see something published soon.
Perhaps he's lurking and will respond.
PGP Fingerprint: FE 90 1A 95 9D EA 8D 61  81 2E CC A9 A4 4A FB A9

@_date: 1996-09-25 07:57:00
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Where to write crypto? 
I believe Taiwan might be an excellent location to have 'clear room' crypto
work done.  Taiwan has a very large skilled software labor pool and isn't a
member of COCOM.
PGP Fingerprint: FE 90 1A 95 9D EA 8D 61  81 2E CC A9 A4 4A FB A9

@_date: 1996-09-26 08:45:50
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Where to write crypto? 
I didn't mean that an U.S. citizen should relocate and develop in Taiwan.
Why do that when almost all Taiwanese CS speak, read and write fluent
english.  Just develop the specs and contract for programming.  There are
many companies waiting to take you business .
BTW, there a several U.S. companies (e.g., Typhoon Software,
typhoon at typhoon.com) which can manage the development of a wide variety of
software projects (including crypto code) by highly qualified personel in
the former Soviet Republics.  For comfort, the software can be tested in
the U.S. (just to make sure no trapdoors have been insered by the Russian
Mafia ;-)

@_date: 1996-09-26 15:13:23
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Insider Trading - What constitutes "Disclosure" ? 
It would seem to me that if I operated an open listserver, upon which
financial information regularly appeared and which any trader (serious or
otherwise) might subscribe, my information should be held in the same legal
regard as DJ. If not, the SEC has in effect created a monopoly for
Dow-Jones and its ilk and effectively impede or excluded other news sources
(e.g., Internet feeds) as legit means for generating market awareness, and
therefore revenue.  I and many others occassionally trade on public
information from narrower sources than DJ (e.g., market newsletters).
Sometimes DJ and others pick up info from these sources and sometimes they
don't (or not immediately).  Does that mean those trading on this data
published not yet picked up by DJ may be trading illegally?  If so, this is
totally unjust and wrongheaded.

@_date: 1996-09-27 04:38:35
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: AP [was: Re: Kiddie porn on the Internet] [NOISE] 
For an excellent high-level coverage of 'hive' behaviour in man and machine
see Kevin Kelly's, "Out of Control: the raise of neo-biological
civilization" (also has significant coverage of us cypherpunks),
Addison-Wesley, 1994, ISBN 0-201-57793-3.
PGP Fingerprint: FE 90 1A 95 9D EA 8D 61  81 2E CC A9 A4 4A FB A9

@_date: 1996-09-28 06:21:57
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Decense: What ever happened to it? 
I haven't seen anything on the Net since February regarding Ray Cromwell's
Decense Web anonymity project.  Does anybody on the list have more recent
PGP Fingerprint: FE 90 1A 95 9D EA 8D 61  81 2E CC A9 A4 4A FB A9

@_date: 1996-09-29 02:17:58
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Basis of FCC Jurisdiction [RANT] 
Last week I started a thread on the Telecom Regulation list.  My intention
was to introduce discussion of some circe-1780s Republican questioning, as
opposed to the widely accepted Federalist.  The most interesting composite
result is below:
PGP Fingerprint: FE 90 1A 95 9D EA 8D 61  81 2E CC A9 A4 4A FB A9

@_date: 1996-09-30 04:01:49
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: GPS and other Dual-use technologies 
I used to be an avid RC modeler and have contemplated organizing an
on-going amateur cruise missile contest.  The object would be to accurately
deliver various payload weights over courses of various terrain and
distances (perhaps out to a hundred miles or more in the case of Giant
Scale craft).  Judging would be based on speed, stealth (noise, IR
emissions and radar cross section) and accuracy.
Craft are free to use any navigational technology, but must be autonomous
from launch to delivery.  To aid navigation I was considering the design of
a substitute differential GPS beacon functionally interchangable with those
offered by the USCG.  My device would work on a different frequency,
possibly using very wideband direct sequence spread spectrum (for low
probability of intercept/detection) and be actuated by the missile as it
neared the target in order to refine its position.

@_date: 1996-09-30 07:54:43
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Internet 'terrorism' newsclips  [CYPHER, but news] 
Quite possibly.  The message from this article is clear.  Step up
investigation and prosecution of illegal government Net activities :-)

@_date: 1996-10-01 11:56:56
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: The John Doe rebellion 
I have some direct insight as to how airlines interpret the new travel
provisions and what they are reasonably able to accomplish in improving
safety via identity and luggage checks.
I was wondering if with gov't trying to compile dossiers on travellers it
might be possible for a large enough percentage of frequent air travellers
to assume the same identity (e.g., John or Jane Doe).  If so, a service
could be established to book airline reservations under a single credit
card for Does so as to confound automated tracking systems.
Eventually, Does could arrange to exchange IDs (if their ages and
descriptions matched) and even credit cards (again assuming equivalence) to
really monkey wrench things.

@_date: 1997-04-04 20:01:57
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Feds reading this list, Jim Bell, and threats 
Unfortunately, by the time he really impacted personal liberties it was too
late, as his power was consolidated and the citizenery disarmed (1935).
Yes, much better to hang from the ceiling.
Hopefully, what goes around comes around.
"I don't want to rock the boat... I want to sink it."  Putney Swoope

@_date: 1997-04-20 17:04:42
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: SSL weakness affecting links from pa 
Now that's the CP spirit!
Whenever you wish to influence policy, follow the money.

@_date: 1997-05-01 09:15:59
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: This is not "cash" if the government demands a report... 
The coins in your pocket are 'legal tender' or currency, a non-intrest bearing bearer bond issued by the treasury.  Ecash and its ilk are private currencies, similar in some ways to traveller's checks and money orders which are unsecured and uninsured debts of the issuer, but legally closer to the tokens issued at an amusement park or or the premium stamps (like Blus Chip or S&H Green) which have all but disappeared.  Constitutionally, the government has only limited rights to restrict private the issueance and use of private currencies (Stamp Act of 1861 and its current codification under Title 18.)
PGP mail preferred
Fingerprint: FE 90 1A 95 9D EA 8D 61  81 2E CC A9 A4 4A FB A9
Key available on BAL server,

@_date: 1997-08-03 09:40:11
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: non-censorous spam control (was Re: Spam is Information?) 
I can't fuly agree. In Europe, both communism and fascism started from the
socialists (in fact, the fascist were called National Socialists) and their
premise that a free market cannot bring about the social good (including
equality) they sought, and both accept the "... idea of a political party
which embraces all activities of the individual from the cradle to the
grave, which claims to guide his views on everything, and which delights in
making all problems questions of party...," F.A. Hayek, The Road to
Surfdom. Both favor totalitarian means to this end.
In the case of the Communist, the solution is no private ownership.  In the
case of Fascism, government mandidated oligopoly, which is as far from a
free market as communism.

@_date: 1997-08-04 11:37:42
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Infantocracy 
On both the state and federal level, government has become obsessed with
kiddie issues
By Rafael Tammariello
The United,States is evolving into what can be characterized as the world's
first "infantocracy" a nation whose laws, policies and political culture
are captive to the perceived needs and wants of a mythical brood known as
"The Children."
By proxy, the United States is becoming a country ruled by "The Children"
as the central government embarks on a systematic quest to circumscribe the
liberties of adults in the name of shielding "The Children" from all things
"The Children" are not real, fleshandblood kids who grow up to be adults,
who spend the remaining 80 percent of their lives as adults and seek to
enjoy the rights, privileges and prerogatives of adulthood. No. "The
Children" of the infantocracy's conception are sainted, angelic beings,
wideeyed, wholesome and perpetually about 7 years old, judging from the
White House photo-ops.  "The Children" are pure and infinitely vulnerable
beings who will never grow up, never need to exerise adult choices, never
light up a cigar, watch a good violent drama on TV or entertain friends
over the backyard grill.
The emerging infantocracy vigorously seeks to limit the range of adult
activities-from free speech to driving to smoking to gun use to television
viewing to Internet access to backyard cooking.
These days, the business of America is certainly not the business of
securing the liberty of her citizens, as the founding fathers envisioned
two centuries ago. Ceaseless attacks on the Bill of Rights-launched in the
name of protecting "The Children" from guns or smut or whatever-emanate
from the very members of Congress sworn to defend those freedoms.
The legislative and executive branches of government at the state and
national levels are obsessed with kiddie issues-to the virtual exclusion of
all else.
What was the theme of last week's National Governor's Association confab at
The Mirage? Early childhood development, replete with gurgling babies as
omnipresent props. At one point, Nevada Gov. Bob Miller was practically
buried in babies. A week earlier, President Clinton, surrounded by
squealing infants, pushed for a tobacco surtax to finance socialized
medicine for "The Children."	~
Who are these children-"The Children"-whose salvation lies in the
suppression of adult freedoms and prerogatives?
Consider: A comprehensive poll by Public Agenda, a New Yorkbased research
firm, asked 2,000 adults to reveal their thoughts about America's
youngsters. The results, published in June under the title "Kids These
Days: What Americans Really Think About the Next Generation," indicate a
massive vote of "no confidence" in kids. A strong majority of the adults
surveyed said they perceived a disturbing upsurge in "wild, rude and
frightening behavior among young people. Fully 63 percent did not believe
today's kids will make the country a better place when they grow up.
But "The Children" are not these  children-not the illmannered youngsters
in big pants with their hats on backwards, or the Beevis and Butthead
clones. No, no. "The Children" are sainted, immortal beings, forever young,
forever innocent, vulnerable and in need of protection from their saviors
in Washington.
Let's get this straight: The majority of children are good kids; children
do need protection; they do need nurturing and moral direction-from their
parents, not Uncle Sam.
Our children are the future. But, strangely, the American infantocracy is
not really, as its advocates assert, concerned about the children's future.
Indeed, the infantocracy contemplates no realistic future for "The
Children-that is, it ; fails to take into account the inevitable fact that
childhood is a fleeting thing and that a society molded in the image of a
daycare center may be hostile to adults, which the children, the real
children, will soon become.
When the real children become real adults, they may want to engage in those
grownup activities that are being proscribed wholesale by the grim,
puritanical infantocracy being built in the name of their mythical
counterparts "The Children."
Bill Clinton is, of course, the chief architect of the infantocracy. Every
significant Clinton policy initiative-from tax credits to gun control to
nuclear arms reduction-is trotted out under the banner of "The Children."
But others on both the left and right assist in the creation of this odd
new society. Indeed, the most recent attempt to limit adult choices in the
name of "The Children" emanated from the right, in the dour personage of
Utah Sen. Orrin Hatch, who sought a national ban on
gambling within 10,000 feet of schools, parks and any other place "The
Children" might find themselves. The Hatch initiative, which could throttle
Las Vegas (a bright anomaly in the new childfixated universe) has stalled.
But do not be surprised if a similar proposal arises from the national
gambling commission's conservative moralists or from some of their
soulmates in Congress.
Then there was Republican Sen. Mark James' attempt in the Nevada
Legislature to censor advertising that might offend the sensibilities of
"The Children."
Attacks on adultoriented material on the Internet and on television-the
calls for a "voluntary ratings system" and "voluntary" selfcensorship (all
under threat of federal regulation, of course)-have come from both
Biblebrandishing rightists and therapeuticstate leftists. The voluntary
ratings system is the initial baby step toward government-ordered
infantiization of the airwaves making them safe for "The
Children." The mythical "Children," you understand, will remain seven
years, old forever. Unlike real children, "The Children" never' grow up and
want to watch a good bloody flick on the tube.
The Constitution's First Amendment provides no armor when the infantocracy
deploys its SWAT teams to rescue "The Children." Witness Joe Camel,
bludgeoned to death "voluntarily" by his creator as government regulators,
the White House, Congress, and a legion of attorneys general grabbed, the
tobacco industry's  throat.
In the name of saving "The Children" from Demon Tobacco, a whole group of'
companies, engaged in a heavily taxed legal business have volunteered to
surrender  their First' Amendment right to advertise.
If Clinton and his two chief tobacco advisers - Baby Doctors C. Everet Koop
and David Kessler work their will, the United States will have tobacco
prohibition in a few years, and that will include cigars. When Mr.
Clinton's FDA reduces the amount of nicotine in cigars and cigarettes to
zero, smokers will be forced to find the real smokes on the black market
But the emergence of a black market and new criminal class doesn't bother
Bill Clinton. As the president said in Madrid on July 9: "What is a black
market ... (a) 1 percent penetration of the market, a  3 percent
penetration of the market? Would we deny the FDA the right to protect 100
percent of our citizens because there might be a few blackmarket
cigarettes around?''
Ah, the sainted Children. Surely, as Mr. Clinton states, banning nicotine
will protect 100 percent of them, just as the prohibition of marijuana has
kept them 100 percent drugfree.  And, if Clinton's estimates are correct,
only 500,000 to 1.5 million American adults will be converted into
blackmarket criminals. We'll need some new prisons-at least 500 of them.
The benevolent garb of the infantocracy conceals the mailed fist of The
The infantocracy's jihad against the First Amendment and adultAmericans
who choose to smoke is not its only display of raw force. New cleanair
rules advanced by Bill Clinton and his fanatical Environmental Protection
Agency also represent a vast expansion of government power over states,
cities and individuals, right down to their barbecuing habits. When Mr.
Clinton announced the new rules on June 25, he said: "I have approved some
very strong new regulations today that will be somewhat controversial, but
think kids ought to be healthy." Come ye forth and sacrifice at the altar
of the sainted "Children."
Under the new EPA edict, cities across the nation will be compelled to
adopt and enforce policies that are designed to result in air that is
virtually free of dust and manmade ozone. The ' cost of implementing the
rules - that the EPA hypothesizes will marginally extend the lifespans of
some kids with asthma-could, by one estimate, exceed $330 billion a year,
far more than the defense budget.
The Los Angeles limes points out, no technology exists that could scrub
that city's air clean enough the meet the new standards. The only way to
achieve compliance in cities such as L.A. (which cannot handle even the
existing air quality standards) would be the adoption of draconian
measures: restrictions on driving, mandated carpooling, shutting down
industries, banning gaspowered lawn mowers and so on.
Mr. Clinton and the EPA pooh pooh the idea that many urban areas, in their
desperation to comply with Washington's dictates, will be forced to outlaw
fireplaces and backyard barbecues. But cities such as Los Angeles and
Denver in their struggle to meet even the extant cleanair standards-have
already taken such steps; and other cities will be forced to follow suit.
As the infantocracy gears up, its creators and supporters busy themselves
with many other projects.  Clinton has already ordered federal officers'"
to affix riggerlocks on their guns at home, and he fervently yearns for
national legislation requiring, hem on all firearms owned' by citizens.
Said Clinton in pushing! is proposal: "We protect aspirin bottles in this
country better then we protect guns from accidents by children." The
Sainted Children. And, if trigger locks .'prevent' adults,: from
!effectively defending their homes and their children, real children - it's
just another requisite sacrifice of adult choices in the name of the
mythical "Children" who are always 7 years old and who never grow up to
have homes and families of their own to defend.
Hand it to Yale Professor Kelly Brownell, director of the University's
Center for Eating and Weight Disorders, for providing the infantocracy a
focus for its next crusade. Heir Docktor Brownell has raised the alarm: The
United States is wash in unhealthful, fatty foods, and kids, at the urging
of bad clowns, are lured into eating them. Two weeks ago, Brownell told The
Washington Times: "Junk food advertisements should be regulated, and excise
taxes imposed on highfat foods, just as they are on tobacco and
alcohol.... As a culture, we get upset about Joe Camel, yet we tolerate our
children seeing 10,000 commercials a year that promote foods that are every
bit as unhealthy."
"The Children," you see, never grow up and will, never want to order a
wellmarbled steak with chocolate mousse for dessert. For "The Children"
remain 7 years old forever, and cherish their fruits and vegetables.
Joe Camel, meet Ronald McDonald in the infantocracy's roomy dungeon.
The emerging American infantocracy embraces a vision that does not include
you driving to a friend's house, grilling burgers on the backyard barbecue,
and enjoying a cigar afterwards in front of the fireplace. The engineers of
the infantocracy are creating a society tightly fixated on stamping out all
of life's little risks. It's a task undertaken at the expense of grownup
things and adult choices. This new society is a strange, confining place, a
place that's increasingly difficult to recognize as the land of the free or
the home of the brave.

@_date: 1997-08-06 10:26:34
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Eternity Content Suggestions 
About a year ago a very popular sheet music warez site, being hosted at
Uiveristy of Nevada Las Vegas, was taken down due to publisher pressure.  A
resurection is surely in order.

@_date: 1997-08-08 15:35:13
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Export Tax vs ITAR as a compromise ... 
Once the PGP 5.0 listing have been OCR's and placed on Net, I'd be very
surprised if PGP didn't announce an offshore commercial licensing and
distribution agreement.  PGP may have published their source code, but they
have not ceded their copyrights or use of their trademarks.

@_date: 1997-08-08 15:35:19
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Postal remailers? (was Re: anti-spam law implies laws againstremailers?) 
As an aside are there any anonymous postal remailers?  If not, it might be
interesting to set them up.  Maybe you could include a diskette with the
'nested' remailer information now used on Net and ecash payments at each
layer of the 'onion'.  Users would be encouraged to use uniform box
dimensions, wrapping and weight (via liquid 'filler weights) to thwart
traffic analysis.

@_date: 1997-08-08 16:18:05
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Query on cookies 
The July issue of Internet World, "Baking Your Own Cookies," contains a
good introduction into some of the details.

@_date: 1997-08-08 16:18:45
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Eternity Uncensorable? 
A possible problem is the motivation of those setting up decoys.  If
they're doing it to help thwart remailer abuse, fine.  But what if their
intent is to thwart remailers?  Couldn't these dissidents set up black-hole
remailers which are simply information sinks?  When a email is
chain-remailed and doesn't get delivered many, but not all, senders would
simply assume one of the remailers are having delivery problems and resend.
Will Raph's approach work to monitor  decoys when their number and identity
are constantly changing?  Won't this significantly complicate remailer

@_date: 1997-08-10 10:39:33
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: some hashcash advocacy 
>I didn't read the code, but it
seems that the double spending
My understanding is that value of hashcash postage is imtimately involved
with receptient email address, thus mass duplication is prohibited.

@_date: 1997-08-10 12:15:07
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: uncensorable net based payment system? 
Not very different from how one might handle a gold-denominated and backed
ecash coin.  Real gold must be stored in a repository which charges a
storage and handling fee.  This can integrated with the coin value by
applying a negative interest rate to the coin based on the epoch in which
the coin is issued.  So coins are redeemed at a lower than initial value
(assuming no change in the gold value figured in whatever unit it is being

@_date: 1997-08-11 04:33:40
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: A peculiar notion 
For those who think that a convenient liberal interpretation of our
Constituton, a 'la Justice Brenan, is a relatively recent phenomenon, I
By Joseph Sobran
War usually isn't worth the price, even when you win. A new collection of
essays, "The Costs of War: America's Pyrrhic Victories," edited by John V.
Denson (published by Transaction), takes a new look at our wars without the
mythology that portrays them as not only worthwhile but gloriOUB. The
contributors to this stimulating collection agree that most of our wars
have had the ultimate effect of strengthening government at the expense of
liberty and the rule of law.
One of the most provocative essays in the volume is the historian Richard
Gamble's essay "Rethinking Lincoln." Today Lincoln is a demigod to nearly
everyone, with intellectual celebrants on both the Left (Gerry Wills) and
the Right (Harry V. Jaffa). We seldom ask whether he was justified in
making war on the seceding states.
Yet in his own time, this was the crucial queation. The Southern states
declared their independence in emulation of the original 13 Colonies, and
many Northerners recognized their right to do ao.
On what grounda did Lincoln deny that right? On grounds that these states
permitted slavery? No, because that would have invalidated the 1776
Declaration, which Lincoln, like most Americans, held sacred. Some other
reason had to be found.
So Lincoln chose to call secession "rebellion" and "insurrection" - an
uprising against the sovereign Union. He managed thus, Mr. Gamble points
out, by subtituting for the actual early history of the Union his own
version of the American founding." Lincoln offered the. peculiar notion
that the Union had somehow pre-existed the
Constition, the Articles of Conderation, and even the Declaration of
Independence, and that no state, therefore, could withdraw from it. The
Union is older than the states," Lincoln argued; "and, in fact, it created
them as states."
But, as Jefferson Davis, the Confederate president, pointed out, the
Constitution had been "a compact between independent states." The powers
given to the federal government had been "delegated," and whatever is
delegated can be withdrawn. In fact, several states had ratified the
Cosstitution on the express condition that they could reclaim the delegated
powers and secede at any time.
Since the right of secession had been stipulated without challenge in 1789,
either the states had retained it or their ratifications had been invalid.
Lincoln simply ignored this dilemma. His argument implied that the states
had had no choice but to ratify the Censtitution, since they belonged to a
Union from which there was no exit. "In Lincoln's mind," Mr. Gamble
observes, "the Union was not only perpetual, antecedent to the
Constitution, and the creator of the very states that now sought to leave,
it was also a spiritual entity, the mystical expression of a People."
A superb lawyer, logician and rhetorician, Lincoln must have known how
feeble his argument was. Before becoming president, he had several times
affirmed the right of any people, sufficiently numerous for national
independence, to throw off, to revolutionize, their existing form of
government, and to establish such other in its stead as they may choose."
This was sound Jeffersonian doctrine, and his later sophistical attempts to
wriggle out of it must have embarrassed him.
In his prosecution of the war against the Confederacy, he claimed, with
similar sophistry, powers that, under the Constitution, properly belonged
to Congress, including the powers to raise an army and navy and to suspend
habeas corpus. He just)fied himself on grounds that Congress would have
done these things had it been in session-which Mr. Gamble calls a peculiar
defense of his behavior that conceded his guilt."
By Lincoln's wartime logic, no state can ever have the right to secede, no
matter how flagrantly the Constition is violated by the federal government.
The Civil War, waged in the name of the Declaration actually resulted in
the practical abrogation of its principle that any just government must
have "the consent of the governed."
Lincoln insisted that he was violating parts of the Constitution only to
save the whole; but the war ultimately left the interpretation of the
Constitution at the mercy of the government it is supposed to restrain.
In short, the Constitution itself was a casualty of Lincoln's war. A
Pyrrhic victory indeed.

@_date: 1997-08-11 08:50:34
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: A peculiar notion 
Even more disheartening is the realization that the war probably wasn't
ncesassary to free the slaves, as the South was already in decline and
slaves were leaving (via the Underground Railroad) in record numbers.  Like
the West's 'victory' over communism, there's good reason to believe that
the South would have collapsed sooner than later due to its untenable
economic structure.  It seems the war substantially fought over economic,
idiological and egotistical reasons.  Big sigh...

@_date: 1997-08-12 06:57:44
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: The slippery slope 
by Joseph Sobran
The legacy of William Brennan, who died last week at 91, is summed up in
the phrase "judicial activism." In an editorial eulogy, The New York Times
praised him for his belief that "the Constitution was a living document
that could and should be interpreted aggressively," as opposed to "the
narrow, static doctrine of original intent, the notion that the
Constitution can best be interpreted through the eyes of the Framers."
Brennan himself attacked the idea of seeking the Framers' original intent
as "arrogance in the cloak of humility." Apparently his own notion of
humility was satisfied by giving the Constitution meanings nobody had ever
suspected it of containing. Or, as he put it, the "genius" of the
Constitution lay in the adaptability of its great principles to cope with
current problems and needs."
In plain language, Brennan imposed his own liberal agenda and said it was
the Constitution speaking. He was ofton able to muster majorities on the
Supreme Court to join him in this judicial ventriloquism. But even when his
goals were worthy, his methods were despotic.
In landmark opinions, Brennan held that the Constitution forbids the states
to apportion their legislatures in their own ways, to define libel as they
see fit, to cut off welfare benefits without a hearing, to ban the
distribution of contraceptives to unmarried people, and to require public
schools to balance the teaching of evolution with the teaching of theistic
doctrines of creation; he also concurred in rulings forbidding the states
to ban abortion and to execute criminals.
Maybe Brennan knew how the states should have been governed better than the
people of the states did. His various positions can be argued as matters of
policy. But it was dishonest for him and his admirers to pretend that these
positions were constitutional imperatives. And that pretense has done
serious damage to the rule of law.
Ideologically predictable, Brennan made the law itself unpredictable. In
pursuit of his own agenda, he overturned settled understandings and ignored
the clear language of the Constitution. His most important rulings usurped
the powers constitutionally reserved to the states and the people thereby
enlarging - unconstitutionally - the powers of the federal judiciary.
Interpreting the Constitution, Brennan once said, "demands of judges more
than proficiency in logical analysis." Maybe so, but it does demand such
proficiency above all other things, and to disparage reason is to abandon
the quest for stable law. Under jurists like Brennan, we are back where we
started: subject to the arbitrary will of men rather than the irnpersonal
rule of law.
True, the states are often badly governed. On many specific issues they
might have been better ruled by a William Brennan armed with dictatorial
powers than they were hy their own legislatures, if results are everything
and procedure doesn't matter.
But there can be no shortcuts through the Constitution. The individual
rights Brennan cherished are often abused. Is that an argument for ignoring
them even when they are enshrined in law?
Liberals insist that banning pornography is a slippery slope to thought
control. But allowing a government to claim powere never granted to it, a
habit now virtually synonymous with liberalism, is far more surely a
slippery slope to tyranny. After all, every totalitarian state says it is
merely trying to "cope with current problems and needs" when it dispenses
with the inconvenience of the rule of law.
The test of an honest jurist is whether he is willing to rule against his
own preferences, deferring, however reluctantly, to what the law requires
in the case at hand. The law may be wrong the legislature may be derelict,
the people may be corrupt; but still, the law is the law and it must be
But Brennan's rulings were the triumph of preference over deference. He
ruled without the normal regrets of a justice who sometimes feels compelled
to put the law ahead of his personal desires. For him, as for many of his
generation, the office of Supreme Court justice was an irresistible
opportunity to wield power in the guise of interpreting the law.

@_date: 1997-08-12 23:33:42
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: A peculiar notion 
So, if the people (legal voters in the states which planned to withdraw)
had called a constitutional convention, whose vote was for withdrawl, it
might (in your opinion) been a legitimate undertaking with binding result?
I don't think the North would have accepted any withdrawl, not matter how
it was decided within the South.
The Feds, and indeed any government, tends to strongly oppose any move
which lessens its authority.  It is a credit to the USSR that it was able
to allow even those satellite states, forced into survitude, to peacefully

@_date: 1997-08-14 12:58:17
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: "Leotards and the Law," morphed child porn lawsuit, from Netly 
Are any sex criminals professional, that is get paid?  If so, where do I
apply ;-)
One need only look to the Salem witch trials for the answer.

@_date: 1997-08-15 10:42:30
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: "Morphed" child porn case ruling text (FSC v. Reno) 
I fail to see the First Amendment basis differences between rulings
supporting the ban on child pornography and rulings upholding the
dessemination of bomb making.
In the case of child porn the laws maintain that the mere presence of such
materials can serve as a catalyst to pervs who might use the materials to
self-stimulate into a frezy leading to a rape or entice young'ins to
voluntarily engage in proscribed activities.  Healthy functioning adults,
however, should be able to safely view such materials, and if they have an
academic (though not necessarily affilaited with an institution for higher
education) interest use them to understand the motivations and psychology
of the pervs.
In the case of bomb or weapons of mass destruction information,
pyrotechnics or terrorists might use them to build devices to kill or
injure many citizens (e.g., McVeigh), yet these materials are
consititutionally protected.
This is, to my mind, an obvious double standard with no rational
explanation other than interpretation of the consitution to match
prevailing public sentement. I suggest taht jurists who cannot rationally
an dispassionately rule on such matters be immediately removed from office.

@_date: 1997-08-18 07:15:13
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: FCPUNX:Getting ecash without an MTB account 
Bob's identity is only known by Alice if other aspects of their transaction
reveal it.  Ecash payments can be made out to " a wild-card ID which
allows anyone to spend it.  TCP/IP payments only provide the IP address not
the payee identity.  Payments made via message pools further obscure
Once MoneyChanger front-ends to the mints are available Bob can remain
anonymous to the bank as well.
Unless the payment characteristics, e.g., large coin values, permit linkage.

@_date: 1997-08-19 01:09:03
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Fw: Re: (Fwd) FWD: Texas Driver's License database on the web 
Seem to recall that Mike Beketic, 503-325-0861, sells DL databases on CDROM.

@_date: 1997-08-29 07:42:21
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Socio-Economic Cults (Re: Cypherpunk Cults) 
This is an ideal value-added extension to all those surveillence TV cameras
springing up, especially on private property. With a bit of technology the
cameras and guns could automatically identify graffiti activity and alert a
security person or the resident. Tranc-type guns would be mounted on the
camera platforms.  The artists would often be found facedown on the
pavement when the police arrive.

@_date: 1997-02-01 20:14:17
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: "Strong" crypto and export rule changes. 
Considering Ian's feat you certainly seem to have had your crystal ball in hand.

@_date: 1997-02-02 01:40:41
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: "Strong" crypto and export rule changes. 
Considering Ian's feat you certainly seem to have had your crystal ball in hand.

@_date: 1997-02-03 14:31:44
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: GAK/KR spin 
Several months back there were discussions on the list regarding renaming
the government's key escrow/recovery proposals (KRAP comes to mind).  I
think we need something that's catchy and simple (perhaps already familiar)
to understand for the semi-litterate citizen units.  I propose we encourage
use of the terms "crippleware" or "crypto crippleware" when refering to the
products limited to their weak crypto and/or key escrow/recovery.

@_date: 1997-02-03 14:56:00
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: GAK/KR spin 
Several months back there were discussions on the list regarding renaming
the government's key escrow/recovery proposals (KRAP comes to mind).  I
think we need something that's catchy and simple (perhaps already familiar)
to understand for the semi-litterate citizen units.  I propose we encourage
use of the terms "crippleware" or "crypto crippleware" when refering to the
products limited to their weak crypto and/or key escrow/recovery.

@_date: 1997-02-03 15:56:19
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: New X-Ray Imager 
New X-ray gun trades privacy for safety
Reported by Andy C
Seen in The Nando Times on 13 August 1996

@_date: 1997-02-03 15:56:33
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Your tax dollars at work 
NIJ Opens Regional Technology Center in Rome:
 Representatives of the U.S. Department of Justice, state and local elected
officials, and Air Force leaders officially opened the National Law
Enforcement & Corrections Technology Center/Northeast (NLECTC) at Rome
Laboratory. The Center will work with law en forcement and corrections
organizations from 16 states --- stretching from Maine to Minnesota --- to
determine operational requirem ents and identify, evaluate, develop,
demonstrate and assess new or improved technology applications to meet
those needs. The Center will also provide assessment of law enforcement
products information, standards and testing. The Northeast NLECTC is
co-located with Rome Laboratory within the Griffiss Business and Technology
Park. Rome Laboratory is the Air Force's research and development
laboratory responsible for command, control, communications, computer and
intelligence technologies.
The laboratory was selected as a regional technology center for the Justice
Department's National Institute of Justice (NIJ) in December 1994. It joins
four other regional centers across the country that use existing facilities
and resources to support the NI J's Office of Science and Technology and
law enforcement and corrections organizations.
The Northeast NLECTC will support law enforcement and corrections
activities in the following states: Maine, New Hampshire, Verm ont,
Massachusetts, Connecticut, Rhode Island, New York, New Jersey, Delaware,
Maryland, Pennsylvania, Ohio Michigan, Wisconsin, Io wa and Minnesota. It
will facilitate technical interchange between prospective users and
developers or technology through regional symposia, exhibitions and
workshops. Participants range from the law enforcement and corrections
community to the Department of De fense and the commercial sector.
Each of the five regional centers has a specific technological focus, with
the Northeast NLECTC capitalizing on Rome Laboratory' s more than 40 years
of expertise developing technologies that provided the vital eyes, ears and
voices for the nation's military. The Rome Laboratory Law Enforcement Team
will be working with the Northeast NLECTC to convert a variety of defense
technologies to the benefit of law enforcement and corrections. At the
current time, efforts are directed at transferring technologies in the foll
owing areas:
*** Sensors: concealed weapon detection, Over-the-Horizon radar, wall
penetration surveillance, and passive location, tracking and tagging.
*** Information Technology: image processing, natural language processing,
and identification using optical correlation.
*** Intelligence Exploitation: speech processing, timeline analysis,
automated firearm identification, and forensic sciences.
*** Communications: applications of high-speed networks, multiband
multifunction radios, and rapidly deployable communications.
*** Command and Control: collaborative planning, visualization techniques,
and Joint Automated Booking Station. Over the past four decades,
researchers at Rome Laboratory have developed a vast array of technological
tools for the military to e mploy in our national defense. Within the
shared framework of command, control, communications and intelligence, many
of those tech nologies apply to the domestic law enforcement mission as
well. As one of NLECTC's regional law enforcement technology centers, Ro me
Laboratory will continue to make substantial contributions to the war on
crime by developing technologies that meet the increasi ng needs of law
  Rome Laboratory Signs Law Enforcement Technology Agreement with City of Rome
Representatives of Rome Laboratory and the City of Rome signed a
Cooperative Research and Development Agreement (CRDA) to establ ish a
formal working agreement for the purpose of testing and evaluating military
technologies in a law enforcement setting. The C RDA signing was the first
official action following a ribbon-cutting that opened the National
Institute of Justice's Northeast Regi on National Law Enforcement &
Corrections Technology Center at Rome Laboratory. Signing the agreement
were Col. Ted. F. Bowlds, com mander of Rome Laboratory, and Rome Police
Chief Merino J. Ciccone. During the five-year agreement, Rome Laboratory
will supply a variety of technologies to the Rome Police Department. Police
department officers and officials will then test, evaluate and report back
to Rome Laboratory regarding the effectiveness of the test technologies.
Some of the technical tasks to be performed under t he CRDA are enhancing
the computing capability of the Rome Police Department, including improved
access to law enforcement data bas es and access to the World Wide
Web/Internet, as well as synchronization of 911 Emergency System, computer
and alarm time clocks. Rome Police Department personnel will also gain
access to advanced technologies such as the "sniffer alcohol detection
flashlight," night-vision goggles and hand-held digital assistants.
    German Magazine interested in Rome Laboratory's Law Enforcement Efforts
Dr. Frank Ochmann, a science editor for Germany's Stern Magazine, visited
Rome Laboratory to interview engineers and managers involved in law
enforcement technology. The interview was requested in light of the April
issue of the FBI Law Enforcement Bulletin, which carried an eight-page
article covering a wide variety of C3I technologies developed by the
    Rome Laboratory Awards Funding to Research  Consortia for Dual-Use
Military and Law Enforcement Applications
ROME, N.Y., June 25, 1996 --- Rome Laboratory has awarded funding totaling
more than $5 million to three research consortia. Combined with investment
by the consortia partners, the total amount of research will approach $17
million. Rome Laboratory will serve as the agent for the Defense Advanced
Research Projects Agency (DARPA) in managing the three research programs
that were instituted under DARPA's Technology Reinvestment Project. The
goal of all three programs is to develop new technologies with applications
to both the military and commercial markets.
The Quick Reaction Spoken Language Translator (QRSLT) Consortium seeks to
develop a product prototype of a hand-held or body-mounted QRSLT that would
allow military personnel in a hostile environment or civilian law
enforcement personnel in an emergency situation to communicate with a
non-English speaking individual using an easily portable, automatic
translation device. The government is contributing $2,374,821 to the
program, with consortium members sharing a cost of $3,632,852. Consortium
members include Language Systems Inc., Woodland, Calif.; Entropic Research
Laboratories Inc., Menlo Park, Calif.; and Eloquent Technology Inc. of
Ithaca, N.Y. Language Systems Incorporated, developed the initial spoken
language translation prototype under the direction and funding of Rome
Laboratory, in support of military requirements. The QRSLT will accept
spoken English input from a military or law enforcement user, translate the
input into Spanish or Arabic, and generate the computer-spoken translation.
The translator will also accept spoken Spanish and Arabic inputs and
translate them into spoken English output. This will be an innovative
advance over currently available "speaking translators," which produce
speech based on typed inputs, which cannot accept spoken input, and which
are not customized for military or law enforcement operations.
The Millimeter Wave Imaging Radar Consortium seeks development of a
suitable technology and effective, affordable products for concealed weapon
detection (CWD) and through-the-wall surveillance (TWS) application ---
well-established objectives for both military operations other than war and
civilian law enforcement agencies. Consortium members include Millimetrix
Corp., South Deerfield, Mass.; Technology Service Corp., Trumbull, Conn.;
and Riverside Research Institute of Lexington, Mass. They will contribute
$2,035,087 to the research program, while the government's share will be
$2,018,491. Military applications of the envisioned technology, in addition
to operations other than war, would include use by military police and
special forces personnel, all weather aircraft operation, shipboard and
airborne missile warning, helicopter obstacle avoidance, battlefield
surveillance, fire control, and missile seekers. Civilian law enforcement
agencies would be able to use the technology in curtailing terrorist acts
and juvenile handgun crimes that frequently involve the use of concealed
weapons, bombs and other contraband that cannot be detected using currently
available technology.
The Speaker Identification for Law Enforcement Consortium will be funded
with $3.2 million, evenly divided between the government and consortium
members T-NETIX Inc. of Englewood, Colo., and Dictaphone of Stratford,
Conn. The goal of the consortium is to transfer previously developed
speaker identification technology into commercial and military
applications. With specific emphasis on minimal size, weight, power and
cost, the technology is envisioned to have widespread civilian law
enforcement surveillance applications.
see

@_date: 1997-02-03 17:26:11
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: New X-Ray Imager 
New X-ray gun trades privacy for safety
Reported by Andy C
Seen in The Nando Times on 13 August 1996

@_date: 1997-02-03 17:26:16
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Your tax dollars at work 
NIJ Opens Regional Technology Center in Rome:
 Representatives of the U.S. Department of Justice, state and local elected
officials, and Air Force leaders officially opened the National Law
Enforcement & Corrections Technology Center/Northeast (NLECTC) at Rome
Laboratory. The Center will work with law en forcement and corrections
organizations from 16 states --- stretching from Maine to Minnesota --- to
determine operational requirem ents and identify, evaluate, develop,
demonstrate and assess new or improved technology applications to meet
those needs. The Center will also provide assessment of law enforcement
products information, standards and testing. The Northeast NLECTC is
co-located with Rome Laboratory within the Griffiss Business and Technology
Park. Rome Laboratory is the Air Force's research and development
laboratory responsible for command, control, communications, computer and
intelligence technologies.
The laboratory was selected as a regional technology center for the Justice
Department's National Institute of Justice (NIJ) in December 1994. It joins
four other regional centers across the country that use existing facilities
and resources to support the NI J's Office of Science and Technology and
law enforcement and corrections organizations.
The Northeast NLECTC will support law enforcement and corrections
activities in the following states: Maine, New Hampshire, Verm ont,
Massachusetts, Connecticut, Rhode Island, New York, New Jersey, Delaware,
Maryland, Pennsylvania, Ohio Michigan, Wisconsin, Io wa and Minnesota. It
will facilitate technical interchange between prospective users and
developers or technology through regional symposia, exhibitions and
workshops. Participants range from the law enforcement and corrections
community to the Department of De fense and the commercial sector.
Each of the five regional centers has a specific technological focus, with
the Northeast NLECTC capitalizing on Rome Laboratory' s more than 40 years
of expertise developing technologies that provided the vital eyes, ears and
voices for the nation's military. The Rome Laboratory Law Enforcement Team
will be working with the Northeast NLECTC to convert a variety of defense
technologies to the benefit of law enforcement and corrections. At the
current time, efforts are directed at transferring technologies in the foll
owing areas:
*** Sensors: concealed weapon detection, Over-the-Horizon radar, wall
penetration surveillance, and passive location, tracking and tagging.
*** Information Technology: image processing, natural language processing,
and identification using optical correlation.
*** Intelligence Exploitation: speech processing, timeline analysis,
automated firearm identification, and forensic sciences.
*** Communications: applications of high-speed networks, multiband
multifunction radios, and rapidly deployable communications.
*** Command and Control: collaborative planning, visualization techniques,
and Joint Automated Booking Station. Over the past four decades,
researchers at Rome Laboratory have developed a vast array of technological
tools for the military to e mploy in our national defense. Within the
shared framework of command, control, communications and intelligence, many
of those tech nologies apply to the domestic law enforcement mission as
well. As one of NLECTC's regional law enforcement technology centers, Ro me
Laboratory will continue to make substantial contributions to the war on
crime by developing technologies that meet the increasi ng needs of law
  Rome Laboratory Signs Law Enforcement Technology Agreement with City of Rome
Representatives of Rome Laboratory and the City of Rome signed a
Cooperative Research and Development Agreement (CRDA) to establ ish a
formal working agreement for the purpose of testing and evaluating military
technologies in a law enforcement setting. The C RDA signing was the first
official action following a ribbon-cutting that opened the National
Institute of Justice's Northeast Regi on National Law Enforcement &
Corrections Technology Center at Rome Laboratory. Signing the agreement
were Col. Ted. F. Bowlds, com mander of Rome Laboratory, and Rome Police
Chief Merino J. Ciccone. During the five-year agreement, Rome Laboratory
will supply a variety of technologies to the Rome Police Department. Police
department officers and officials will then test, evaluate and report back
to Rome Laboratory regarding the effectiveness of the test technologies.
Some of the technical tasks to be performed under t he CRDA are enhancing
the computing capability of the Rome Police Department, including improved
access to law enforcement data bas es and access to the World Wide
Web/Internet, as well as synchronization of 911 Emergency System, computer
and alarm time clocks. Rome Police Department personnel will also gain
access to advanced technologies such as the "sniffer alcohol detection
flashlight," night-vision goggles and hand-held digital assistants.
    German Magazine interested in Rome Laboratory's Law Enforcement Efforts
Dr. Frank Ochmann, a science editor for Germany's Stern Magazine, visited
Rome Laboratory to interview engineers and managers involved in law
enforcement technology. The interview was requested in light of the April
issue of the FBI Law Enforcement Bulletin, which carried an eight-page
article covering a wide variety of C3I technologies developed by the
    Rome Laboratory Awards Funding to Research  Consortia for Dual-Use
Military and Law Enforcement Applications
ROME, N.Y., June 25, 1996 --- Rome Laboratory has awarded funding totaling
more than $5 million to three research consortia. Combined with investment
by the consortia partners, the total amount of research will approach $17
million. Rome Laboratory will serve as the agent for the Defense Advanced
Research Projects Agency (DARPA) in managing the three research programs
that were instituted under DARPA's Technology Reinvestment Project. The
goal of all three programs is to develop new technologies with applications
to both the military and commercial markets.
The Quick Reaction Spoken Language Translator (QRSLT) Consortium seeks to
develop a product prototype of a hand-held or body-mounted QRSLT that would
allow military personnel in a hostile environment or civilian law
enforcement personnel in an emergency situation to communicate with a
non-English speaking individual using an easily portable, automatic
translation device. The government is contributing $2,374,821 to the
program, with consortium members sharing a cost of $3,632,852. Consortium
members include Language Systems Inc., Woodland, Calif.; Entropic Research
Laboratories Inc., Menlo Park, Calif.; and Eloquent Technology Inc. of
Ithaca, N.Y. Language Systems Incorporated, developed the initial spoken
language translation prototype under the direction and funding of Rome
Laboratory, in support of military requirements. The QRSLT will accept
spoken English input from a military or law enforcement user, translate the
input into Spanish or Arabic, and generate the computer-spoken translation.
The translator will also accept spoken Spanish and Arabic inputs and
translate them into spoken English output. This will be an innovative
advance over currently available "speaking translators," which produce
speech based on typed inputs, which cannot accept spoken input, and which
are not customized for military or law enforcement operations.
The Millimeter Wave Imaging Radar Consortium seeks development of a
suitable technology and effective, affordable products for concealed weapon
detection (CWD) and through-the-wall surveillance (TWS) application ---
well-established objectives for both military operations other than war and
civilian law enforcement agencies. Consortium members include Millimetrix
Corp., South Deerfield, Mass.; Technology Service Corp., Trumbull, Conn.;
and Riverside Research Institute of Lexington, Mass. They will contribute
$2,035,087 to the research program, while the government's share will be
$2,018,491. Military applications of the envisioned technology, in addition
to operations other than war, would include use by military police and
special forces personnel, all weather aircraft operation, shipboard and
airborne missile warning, helicopter obstacle avoidance, battlefield
surveillance, fire control, and missile seekers. Civilian law enforcement
agencies would be able to use the technology in curtailing terrorist acts
and juvenile handgun crimes that frequently involve the use of concealed
weapons, bombs and other contraband that cannot be detected using currently
available technology.
The Speaker Identification for Law Enforcement Consortium will be funded
with $3.2 million, evenly divided between the government and consortium
members T-NETIX Inc. of Englewood, Colo., and Dictaphone of Stratford,
Conn. The goal of the consortium is to transfer previously developed
speaker identification technology into commercial and military
applications. With specific emphasis on minimal size, weight, power and
cost, the technology is envisioned to have widespread civilian law
enforcement surveillance applications.
see

@_date: 1997-02-03 17:58:24
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Govt & cyberspace 
Even better, this is an opportunity to choke off all, or certainly
increased, funding in order to hasten its collapse.
Don't improve it, remove it!
Democracy is not without its significant shortcomings. If you doubt this
read Tocquevelle.

@_date: 1997-02-03 19:25:55
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Govt & cyberspace 
Even better, this is an opportunity to choke off all, or certainly
increased, funding in order to hasten its collapse.
Don't improve it, remove it!
Democracy is not without its significant shortcomings. If you doubt this
read Tocquevelle.

@_date: 1997-02-04 19:25:28
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: BA Crypto Machine Photos 
If it means the same thing as in the telecom industry, its an out-of-band
(often analof) channel between two locations connected by wide-band (e.g.,
T1) facilities.  Its primary purpose is to provide service personnel, at
each end point, the ability to converse with one another while performing
work on that link.

@_date: 1997-02-04 23:26:00
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: BA Crypto Machine Photos 
If it means the same thing as in the telecom industry, its an out-of-band
(often analof) channel between two locations connected by wide-band (e.g.,
T1) facilities.  Its primary purpose is to provide service personnel, at
each end point, the ability to converse with one another while performing
work on that link.

@_date: 1997-02-05 09:25:15
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: ITAR and Paper ROM 
I'm not sure if what I did in the 80s, trying to create what I called
'paper ROM, is applicable.  In these investigations I used matricies of
small (1-3 mm) squares of gray (16 levels) or color (64 levels) with a mind
to replace diskettes for inexpensive mass data distribution.  I was able to
reliably get 100-200 KB/page side using standard offset printing.  With
modern ink-jet/laser printers you should be able to reliably get at least
10-50KB/page side. Although a technical success, I abandoned the effort
when I discovered someone had patented (4,488,679) something similar a few
years earlier.

@_date: 1997-02-05 11:39:30
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: ITAR and Paper ROM 
I'm not sure if what I did in the 80s, trying to create what I called
'paper ROM, is applicable.  In these investigations I used matricies of
small (1-3 mm) squares of gray (16 levels) or color (64 levels) with a mind
to replace diskettes for inexpensive mass data distribution.  I was able to
reliably get 100-200 KB/page side using standard offset printing.  With
modern ink-jet/laser printers you should be able to reliably get at least
10-50KB/page side. Although a technical success, I abandoned the effort
when I discovered someone had patented (4,488,679) something similar a few
years earlier.

@_date: 1997-02-06 23:16:24
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: IEEE Communications 
A friend called this evening to let me know the February issue is dedicated
to electronic cash and its implications.  I'm no longer an IEEE member.  If
any of the various list members care to excerpt and comment on some of the
more interesting portions, I'm sure it would be appreciated.

@_date: 1997-02-07 06:55:51
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: IEEE Communications 
A friend called this evening to let me know the February issue is dedicated
to electronic cash and its implications.  I'm no longer an IEEE member.  If
any of the various list members care to excerpt and comment on some of the
more interesting portions, I'm sure it would be appreciated.

@_date: 1997-02-07 07:11:11
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Waiting for Mac version [was Re: Full strength Email Clients] 
Its too bad there isn't a Mac version contemplated.  They appear to think
that existing PGP versions, paired with Eudora, are sufficient.  I think a
better integrated approach for the Mac would be appreciated as the
available AppleScripts are buggy and awkward.

@_date: 1997-02-07 14:13:17
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: IEEE Communications 
Correction: It's the February issue of IEE Spectrum, subtitled "Technology
and the Electronic Economy."

@_date: 1997-02-07 16:57:42
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: IEEE Communications 
Correction: It's the February issue of IEE Spectrum, subtitled "Technology
and the Electronic Economy."

@_date: 1997-02-14 19:47:52
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: [Declan McCullagh: "A List Goes Down In Flames," from Netly] 
I want to thank you for the years of graciously hosting the cypherpunks
list.  Although I have only been active on the list since September, I have
lurked much longer and found it to be an invaluable source of information,
networking, discourse and inspiration.
I respect your decisions first to experiment with moderation and later to
pull the plug.  I regret your attempts in resolving the uncivil behavior of
'the few' failed and that some key posters, who had served as the
'backbone' of interesting discussion on the list, were driven off by the
insuing clamor and the off-topic rants.  So be it.  One way or another the
cypherpunks have spoken.
So, now its on to Usnet and more focused/moderated lists.  The LIST IS
DEAD, long live THE LISTS!

@_date: 1997-02-15 00:27:30
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: [Declan McCullagh: "A List Goes Down In Flames," from Netly] 
I want to thank you for the years of graciously hosting the cypherpunks
list.  Although I have only been active on the list since September, I have
lurked much longer and found it to be an invaluable source of information,
networking, discourse and inspiration.
I respect your decisions first to experiment with moderation and later to
pull the plug.  I regret your attempts in resolving the uncivil behavior of
'the few' failed and that some key posters, who had served as the
'backbone' of interesting discussion on the list, were driven off by the
insuing clamor and the off-topic rants.  So be it.  One way or another the
cypherpunks have spoken.
So, now its on to Usnet and more focused/moderated lists.  The LIST IS
DEAD, long live THE LISTS!

@_date: 1997-02-15 09:49:32
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: 48-bit RC5 code broken [fwd] 
In RISKS-18.81, we noted that Ian Goldberg of U.C. Berkeley had cracked the
40-bit RC5 in 3.5 hours -- the first step in the RSA Data Security challenge
posed on 28 Jan 1997.  The second step was taken on 10 Feb 1997 by Germano
Caronni, a graduate student at the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology.
Caronni (with a lot of help from his friends) has recovered the key for text
encrypted with 48-bit RC5, with the help of 3,500 computers and attaining an
peak rate of 1.5 trillion keys searched per hour, over a period of 312
hours.  A press release from RSA (given some circulation in the media) on
gives some details.  Close to the median expected effort, about 57% of the
key space was exhausted.  The Caronni team is now working on the next
challenge, RC5-56.  It is easy to clone yourself through virtual
replication.  [In this case, the team has a lot of Caronnis!]

@_date: 1997-02-15 11:11:20
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: 48-bit RC5 code broken [fwd] 
In RISKS-18.81, we noted that Ian Goldberg of U.C. Berkeley had cracked the
40-bit RC5 in 3.5 hours -- the first step in the RSA Data Security challenge
posed on 28 Jan 1997.  The second step was taken on 10 Feb 1997 by Germano
Caronni, a graduate student at the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology.
Caronni (with a lot of help from his friends) has recovered the key for text
encrypted with 48-bit RC5, with the help of 3,500 computers and attaining an
peak rate of 1.5 trillion keys searched per hour, over a period of 312
hours.  A press release from RSA (given some circulation in the media) on
gives some details.  Close to the median expected effort, about 57% of the
key space was exhausted.  The Caronni team is now working on the next
challenge, RC5-56.  It is easy to clone yourself through virtual
replication.  [In this case, the team has a lot of Caronnis!]

@_date: 1997-02-16 20:54:30
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: The Science Generations, II 
Just a short update to our discussions regarding the 'dumbing down' of America.
Although Gilbert appears to have gone out of the business I did find a few
chemistry sets at my local hobby store.  They were certainly a far cry from
the bunsen burner and lab glassware I grew up with, they all appear to use
micro amounts of reagent in pipette tubes.  I doubt they will generate the
excitement we experienced.
BTW, regarding the difficulty in obtaining chemical reagents (unless you're
in a qualified educational program or professionally employed at a large
industrial company), I came across a relatively new company targeting the
amateur scientist, Chemical Resale of Santa Barbara
.  It carries only a limited selection and
prices seem very high (undoubtedly due to his small volume).
Regarding amateur experiments with 'real' rockets, the Fed have passed a
plethora of laws effectively resticting what non-governmental bodies may
investigate.  See 14 CFR PART 101, 22 CFR Sec. 121.16 and 49 CFR Sec.
173.88. I guess I can't play with matches anymore.  Thank you Congress.

@_date: 1997-02-16 21:41:12
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: The Science Generations, II 
Just a short update to our discussions regarding the 'dumbing down' of America.
Although Gilbert appears to have gone out of the business I did find a few
chemistry sets at my local hobby store.  They were certainly a far cry from
the bunsen burner and lab glassware I grew up with, they all appear to use
micro amounts of reagent in pipette tubes.  I doubt they will generate the
excitement we experienced.
BTW, regarding the difficulty in obtaining chemical reagents (unless you're
in a qualified educational program or professionally employed at a large
industrial company), I came across a relatively new company targeting the
amateur scientist, Chemical Resale of Santa Barbara
.  It carries only a limited selection and
prices seem very high (undoubtedly due to his small volume).
Regarding amateur experiments with 'real' rockets, the Fed have passed a
plethora of laws effectively resticting what non-governmental bodies may
investigate.  See 14 CFR PART 101, 22 CFR Sec. 121.16 and 49 CFR Sec.
173.88. I guess I can't play with matches anymore.  Thank you Congress.

@_date: 1997-02-17 16:46:00
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: PDAs as alternatives to smart cards? 
With the widespread adoption of an industry standard IR link between PDA
type devices, networks and PCs might this not present an opportunity for
their use as more user-configurable and application agile financial and
communiation privacy instruments?  I'm especially thinking along the lines
of their use for ecash transactions in conjunction with smart card-type
merchant terminals sporting an inexpensive IR link to the customer's PDA.
If disk protection programs (e.g., DiskCrypt/PGPDisk) were extended to PDAs
ight that not enable them for a whole host of personal applications?

@_date: 1997-02-17 17:03:45
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Telecom Frequently Asked Questions File - 1997 Edition [fwd] 
From: David Leibold   To: Telecom Digest   Subject: Telecom Digest FAQ - revised edition
TELECOM Digest - Frequently Asked Questions - v.8           8 February 1997
* Frequency of Updates: approximately annual (special updates are possible)
* FAQ contributions to: Telecom.FAQ at superctl.tor250.org
                        or, dleibold at else.net
                        or, aa070 at freenet.toronto.on.ca
This is a list of frequently asked questions made in the TELECOM Digest.
New versions of the list are occasionally made available to deal with new,
corrected or updated questions. Many contributors have made the FAQ what
it is today (those listed in the "Who contributed to this FAQ?" question
are hereby thanked).
Check the Archives...
Much of the telecom information that is requested can be found in the
TELECOM Digest Home Page, via WWW at:
         This web page should have links to this FAQ file, as well as various
informational files on telecom subjects and the Digest itself. The
Archives for TELECOM Digest should also be available via the Home Page.
The TELECOM Digest Archives are also available through anonymous FTP at
massis.lcs.mit.edu (login as anonymous, mail address for password, cd to
telecom-archives). If possible, try to access the information via the
TELECOM Digest Home Page first. You can also access the Archives using
anonymous ftp at the mirror site: ftp.epix.net/pub/telecom-archives.
Also, there is an email <--> ftp service operating called the Telecom
Archives Email Information Service. Anything in the archives can be
obtained automatically by email. Send mail addressed to:
              tel-archives at massis.lcs.mit.edu
The subject does not matter. Include no text, sending just a blank
letter. You will get a help file by return mail and should use that
as a guide to ordering stuff by email from the archives.
A list of terms commonly used in TELECOM Digest is contained in a
"Glossary" section on the Home Page or in the Archives.
Try direct inquiries...
Direct netmail requests to persons posting on topics of interest to you may
also be helpful. In fact, doing things "behind the scenes" can be more
productive as the Digest Moderator is frequently swamped with other items.
Future editions of this list could include netmail addresses of contacts for
certain topics (say for ISDN, cellular, area codes/numbering plan, consumer
protection matters, etc.); offers to that end would be appreciated.
Where to contact the FAQ maintainer...
Suggestions for other common questions, or corrections or other amendments
to this file may be made to Telecom.FAQ at superctl.tor250.org (Fido
1:259/730) or dleibold at else.net or aa070 at freenet.toronto.on.ca. Note that
any or all of these addresses are subject to change or discontinuance.
This file is updated approximately annually; special updates may be made as
time and circumstances permit.
Disclaimer Type Stuff...
All information herein should be considered subject to correction or
change. No endorsements or promotions of specific products or companies
are intended. Any specific references are made for example only, or in
order to adequately deal with certain subjects.

@_date: 1997-02-17 17:41:49
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: PDAs as alternatives to smart cards? 
With the widespread adoption of an industry standard IR link between PDA
type devices, networks and PCs might this not present an opportunity for
their use as more user-configurable and application agile financial and
communiation privacy instruments?  I'm especially thinking along the lines
of their use for ecash transactions in conjunction with smart card-type
merchant terminals sporting an inexpensive IR link to the customer's PDA.
If disk protection programs (e.g., DiskCrypt/PGPDisk) were extended to PDAs
ight that not enable them for a whole host of personal applications?

@_date: 1997-02-17 17:45:41
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Telecom Frequently Asked Questions File - 1997 Edition [fwd] 
From: David Leibold   To: Telecom Digest   Subject: Telecom Digest FAQ - revised edition
TELECOM Digest - Frequently Asked Questions - v.8           8 February 1997
* Frequency of Updates: approximately annual (special updates are possible)
* FAQ contributions to: Telecom.FAQ at superctl.tor250.org
                        or, dleibold at else.net
                        or, aa070 at freenet.toronto.on.ca
This is a list of frequently asked questions made in the TELECOM Digest.
New versions of the list are occasionally made available to deal with new,
corrected or updated questions. Many contributors have made the FAQ what
it is today (those listed in the "Who contributed to this FAQ?" question
are hereby thanked).
Check the Archives...
Much of the telecom information that is requested can be found in the
TELECOM Digest Home Page, via WWW at:
         This web page should have links to this FAQ file, as well as various
informational files on telecom subjects and the Digest itself. The
Archives for TELECOM Digest should also be available via the Home Page.
The TELECOM Digest Archives are also available through anonymous FTP at
massis.lcs.mit.edu (login as anonymous, mail address for password, cd to
telecom-archives). If possible, try to access the information via the
TELECOM Digest Home Page first. You can also access the Archives using
anonymous ftp at the mirror site: ftp.epix.net/pub/telecom-archives.
Also, there is an email <--> ftp service operating called the Telecom
Archives Email Information Service. Anything in the archives can be
obtained automatically by email. Send mail addressed to:
              tel-archives at massis.lcs.mit.edu
The subject does not matter. Include no text, sending just a blank
letter. You will get a help file by return mail and should use that
as a guide to ordering stuff by email from the archives.
A list of terms commonly used in TELECOM Digest is contained in a
"Glossary" section on the Home Page or in the Archives.
Try direct inquiries...
Direct netmail requests to persons posting on topics of interest to you may
also be helpful. In fact, doing things "behind the scenes" can be more
productive as the Digest Moderator is frequently swamped with other items.
Future editions of this list could include netmail addresses of contacts for
certain topics (say for ISDN, cellular, area codes/numbering plan, consumer
protection matters, etc.); offers to that end would be appreciated.
Where to contact the FAQ maintainer...
Suggestions for other common questions, or corrections or other amendments
to this file may be made to Telecom.FAQ at superctl.tor250.org (Fido
1:259/730) or dleibold at else.net or aa070 at freenet.toronto.on.ca. Note that
any or all of these addresses are subject to change or discontinuance.
This file is updated approximately annually; special updates may be made as
time and circumstances permit.
Disclaimer Type Stuff...
All information herein should be considered subject to correction or
change. No endorsements or promotions of specific products or companies
are intended. Any specific references are made for example only, or in
order to adequately deal with certain subjects.

@_date: 1997-02-18 14:33:40
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: ISP access fee rebuttal 
If you are interested in the on-going debate over ISP access charges, I
sugest you look at a newly published report perpared for the Internet
Access Coalition.  It stomps on the RBOC assertions that dial-in access to
the Net is having a generally negative impact on their telephone networks
from both performance and financial asapects.

@_date: 1997-02-18 17:13:15
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: ISP access fee rebuttal 
If you are interested in the on-going debate over ISP access charges, I
sugest you look at a newly published report perpared for the Internet
Access Coalition.  It stomps on the RBOC assertions that dial-in access to
the Net is having a generally negative impact on their telephone networks
from both performance and financial asapects.

@_date: 1997-02-19 00:06:13
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Still no sign of alt.cypherpunks heirarchy at Netcom 
I'm tapping my toes, druming my fingers and waiting...

@_date: 1997-02-19 00:09:28
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Why Digital Video Disks are late to market 
Has anyone seen discussions on how these protection mechanisms can be

@_date: 1997-02-19 06:26:13
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Still no sign of alt.cypherpunks heirarchy at Netcom 
I'm tapping my toes, druming my fingers and waiting...

@_date: 1997-02-19 06:28:24
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Why Digital Video Disks are late to market 
Has anyone seen discussions on how these protection mechanisms can be

@_date: 1997-02-19 11:53:44
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Netcom carriage of alt.cypherpunk newsgroups 
I received the following reply to my inquiry:
Dear Mr. Schear:
Thank you for your request.  The addition of newsgroups is handled by
our System Administrators, and we have forwarded your message over to
their department.  If we are able to add this group it should be
available within two weeks of receipt.  If we are unable to add the
group for any reason we will also inform you of this within two weeks.
If you have any other questions or concerns, please do not hesitate to
contact us again.
- Leigh Ann

@_date: 1997-01-03 11:05:27
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: WIPO and domain names 
For those who haven't seen it already, there is something in the

@_date: 1997-01-04 18:35:20
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Judge Bork on Ebonics 
The following is from pages 300-307 of Robert Bork's brilliant
book, "Slouching Towards Gomorrah".  This is a book which should
be read by everyone--and especially by liberals.
Here are Judge Bork's thoughts on multiculturalism, bilingual
education, and "Black English", otherwise known as "Ebonics".
The natural centrifugal tendencies of ethnicity were once
counteracted by a public school system that stressed indoctrinating
immigrants to be Americans. The schools were agents of cultural
unification. They taught patriotism and standards derived from
European cultures. Part of our national lore, and glory, is the fact
that youngsters speaking not a word of English were placed in
public schools where only English was used and very shortly were
proficient in the language. That was crucial to the formation of an
American identity Now, however, the educational system has
become the weapon of choice for modern liberals in their project
of dismantling American culture. Our egalitarians view every cul-
ture (other than European) as equal. They resent and resist
attempts to Americanize immigrants, and the crucial battleground
is language.
That is the reason for bilingual education. Initially, some well-
meaning souls saw bilingual education as a way of easing the
immigrant child's entry into American culture. The child would
take courses in English but learn many subjects in his native
tongue, usually Spanish. Within two or three years, the argument
ran, the child would be able to take all of his courses in English. It
is now clear, however, that the program is designed not to facilitate
but to delay entry into American culture, and, to the degree possi-
ble, make certain that assimilation is never complete.
So many languages are spoken by immigrants that it is impos-
sible to provide bilingual education for all. That is why bilingual
education is so often in Spanish, the language most immigrants
speak. But that fact gives away the real reason for the programs.
Vietnamese and Polish children were put into English-speaking
classes and were competent into English long before the Hispanics
in bilingual schools. That leaves the partisans of bilingualism only
the choice of saying that Hispanic children are not as capable as
others or admitting that they, the educators, are driven by hostility
to American culture, and the rewards to be had by teachers' unions
and educational bureaucrats. The rewards would not be there,
however, if ideology had not created the situation.
Often, the bilingualists do not care whether immigrant chil-
dren learn English. The key to success for the students is "self-
esteem. . . . Children do badly in school because of their feelings
of 'shame' at belonging to a minority group rather than the 'domi-
nant group.' For the children to do better, teachers must "con-
sciously challenge the power structure both in their classrooms
and schools and in the society at large." As Richard Bernstein
writes, "Bilingual education ... is an act of rebellion against white,
Anglo cultural domination." And the "animus against assimilation,
is not an implicit part of the emerging educational philosophy. It is
explicit, open, out there, a standard belief. 'The psychological cost
of assimilation has been and continues to be high for many U.S.
citizens,' declares the National Council of Social Studies (NCSS),
in Washington, D.C., in its 1992 'Curriculum Guidelines for Mul-
ticultural Education.' "It too often demands self-denial, self-hatred,
and rejection of family and ethnic ties." This pathetic whine is
not insignificant since the NCSS is the country's largest Organiza-
tion devoted to social studies education.
Public dissatisfaction with the linguistic fracturing of society
has led to calls for an English-only amendment to the Constitu-
tion. The frustration is understandable, but there is no need to
amend the Constitution to achieve an English-speaking nation. All
that need be done is the abolition of bilingual education and the
repeal of the Voting Rights Act's requirement of different language
ballots. Children from other countries will learn English in public
schools as they used to do. Their parents will accept the change
once they begin to see its results. Immigrant parents want their
children to learn English and become Americans. The opposition
to that, manifested in bilingual education, comes from American
elites who form an adversarial culture, alienated from the culture
of the West and wishing to weaken it.
In 1989, the Commissioners Task Force on Minorities in New
York concluded: "African Americans, Asian Americans, Puerto
kicans/Latinos, and Native Americans have all been the victims of
an intellectual and educational oppression that has characterized
the culture and institutions of the United States and the European
American world for centuries." All young people were being
"miseducated" because of a "systematic bias toward European cul-
ture and its derivatives." Bernstein asks, rhetorically, "Could the
multicultural animus against 'European culture and its derivatives'
emerge more clearly than that? Here we have a direct statement
that the Western culture is harmful to nonwhite children ."
Despite the evidence and the frankness of its advocates, most
people, including very astute people, tend to accept the beneficent
view of multiculturalism put forth by its less candid partisans.
Thus, one can find diametrically opposed views of the phe-
nomenon, one put forward, for example, by Richard Bernstein
and another articulated by Conor Cruise O'Brien. Bernstein
writes, "Multiculturalism is a movement of the left, emerging from
the counterculture of the 1960's... It is a code word for a politi
cal ambition, a yearning for more power, combined with a gen-
uine, earnest, zealous, self-righteous craving for social improve-
ment. . . ." He says we are "likely to end up in a simmering sort of
mutual dislike on the level of everyday unpleasantness..."
O'Brien, on the other hand, thinks that multiculturalism and
diversity are "actually both a mask for, and perhaps an unconscious
mode for achieving, a unity which would be broader-based and to
that extent stronger. . . . The real agenda is the enlargement of the
American national elite to include groups of persons who have
traditionally been excluded from the same, mainly for reasons
associated with race and gender. What is in view is the enlarge-
ment and diversification of the composition of the future govern-
ing class of the United States of America."
I am afraid it is clear that Bernstein has it right and O'Brien
has it wrong. Multiculturalism is advertised by its less candid prac-
titioners as opening students to the perspectives and accomplish-
ments of groups that have been largely ignored and undervalued
in conventional curriculums. The goal, it is said, is to enrich the
student's understanding of the world and to teach him respect for
and tolerance of others who are different. It substitutes an ethic of
inclusion for the older ethic of exclusion. This is the movement's
self-portrait, and O'Brien seems to have accepted it at face value.
If there were truth in that advertising, if that were what the goal
really is, no one could legitimately object to what is taking place
in the American educational system. Unfortunately, there appears
to be very little truth in the pretensions of the multiculturalists.
Bernstein took a two-year leave of absence from the New York
Times to gather the facts of the multicultural ideology and its
opponents. His is not an impressionistic book or one based on an
ideological predisposition; it is a report of empirical findings. He
points, for example, to the remarkable change in attitude towards
Christopher Columbus between 1892 and 1992. Though not a
single new fact about Columbus's life and exploits had been
uncovered, the country's mood swung from one of uncritical adu-
lation to one of loathing and condemnation, at least among the
members of the "intellectual" class. The change was accomplished
by the aggressive ideology of multiculturalism. The Columbus
turnaround is merely a specific instance of more general alter-
ations in our moral landscape.
What it signifies, and what becomes increasingly obvious, is
that multiculturalism is a philosophy of antagonism to America
and the West. The hostility of the multiculturalists to this nation
and its achievements can hardly be overstated. Lynne Cheney, the
former head of the National Endowment for the Humanities,
quotes a professor who is pleased that multiculturalism has the
"potential for ideologically disuniting the nation" by stressing
America's faults so that students will not think this country
deserves their special support.
That multiculturalism is essentially an attack on America, the
European-American culture, and the white race, with special
emphasis on white males, may be seen from the curriculum it
favors. A curriculum designed to foster understanding of other
cultures would study those cultures. Multiculturalism does not.
Courses are not offered on the cultures of China or India or Brazil
or Nigeria, nor does the curriculum require the study of languages
without which foreign cultures cannot be fully understood.
Instead the focus is on groups that, allegedly, have been subjected
to oppression by American and Western civilization--homosexu-
als, American Indians, blacks, Hispanics, women, and so on. The
message is not that all cultures are to be respected but that Euro-
pean culture, which created the dominance of white males, is
uniquely evil. Multiculturalism follows the agenda of modern lib-
eralism, and it comes straight from the Sixties counterculture. But
now, in American education, it is the dominant culture.
Bernstein catalogues the basic changes multiculturalism has
made in the nature of public discourse.
"First is the elimination from acceptable discourse of any claim
of superiority or even special status for Europe, or any definition of
the United States as derived primarily from European civilization.
"Second is the attack on the very notion of the individual
and the concomitant paramount status accorded group identifi-
"Third is the triumph of the politics of difference over the
politics of equality, that great and still-visionary goal of the civil
rights movement. Multiculturalism here is the indictment of one
group and the exculpation of all the others. . .
"This obsession with the themes of cultural domination and
oppression [by whites] justifies one of the most important
departures from the principal and essential goal of the civil
rights movement, equality of opportunity. Multiculturalism
insists on equality of results."
Hence it is that multiculturalists have turned Martin Luther
King, Jr.'s dream into a nightmare. He asked that his children "not
be judged by the color of their skin but by the content of their
character," which, as Bernstein says, is the "essential ideal of liberal-
ism:' But multiculturalists say, "Judge me by the color of my skin
for therein lies my identity and my place in the world."
Multiculturalism requires the quotas or affirmative action that
create group dislike of other groups and self-segregation. There is
no other way to ensure that each valued ethnic group is repre-
sented in the student body and on the faculty. Of late, educators
have begun to speak of diversity instead of multiculturalism, but it
is the same thing. University presidents and faculties, secondary
and primary school principals and teachers, all chant the diversity
mantra. So powerful has this harmful notion become that it not
only dictates who is admitted to a school but sometimes deter-
mines who may leave.
Students of Asian ancestry, for example, have tried to transfer
to public schools whose curriculum was better suited to their
ambitions but been denied the transfer on the grounds that their
departure would lessen diversity. One father complained that his
adopted Korean daughter could contribute no non-western per-
spective to the school she sought to leave because she had been
brought to this country at the age of five months. No matter; she
was of the requisite racial group. When the controversy was
reported in the newspapers, she was allowed to transfer. But the
episode demonstrates that the multiculturalists are sometimes will-
ing to force a person into a cultural identity that person does not
have on the grounds of ancestry alone.
The quality of education must necessarily decline as students
turn from substantive subjects to ideologically driven resentments,
in the case of non-whites, or guilt, in the case of whites. Although
white students are often required to study America's "oppressed"
subcultures and their allegedly superior qualities, it is regarded as
racist to require that non-whites study Western culture. That was
the meaning of the radicals' attack on Stanford's Western Culture
program in which students were required to sample the writings
of men who had helped shape Western culture-Shakespeare,
Dante, Locke, etc. A black student who objected to the program
said its message was "Nigger, go home." That exclusionary inter-
pretation is precisely the opposite of the real message of the pro-
gram, which was "Let us study what we have in common as
inheritors of a tradition." The black student's objection follows
from the perverse teaching of multiculturalism that those who
have been "traditionally excluded" must now reject inclusion.
This has the odd effect of damaging all groups. The insistence
on separate ethnic identities means that persons in each group can
study their own culture, often in highly flattering and historically
inaccurate form. Multiculturalism then means not the study of
others but of oneself. The student who immerses himself in multi-
cultural studies, who lives in a dormitory where admission is
defined by ethnicity, who socializes only with members of his eth-
nic group, does not acquire the knowledge and discipline that he
might have and does not learn how to deal comfortably with
those of other ethnicities. One of the ways in which cultures
improve is by borrowing from other cultures. Europe borrowed
important aspects of mathematics, for example, from the Arab
world. But the essence of multiculturalism is the isolation of
groups so that they do not borrow from one another. The result is
the relative cultural impoverishment of all groups.
In education at all levels, the substance of the curriculum
changes to accommodate multiculturalist pressures. We have
already seen this in feminist and Afrocentric studies, but it is
everywhere. In New York state it is official educational doctrine
that the United States Constitution was heavily influenced by the
political arrangements of the Iroquois Confederacy. The official
promulgation of this idea was not due to any research that dis-
closed its truth. Nor has any other state adopted this nonsensical
idea. New York adopted it because the Iroquois mounted an
intensive lobbying campaign directed at the State Department of
Education. Far from this being a beneficial borrowing from
another culture, it was a detrimental forcing of a false notion by
one culture on another. John Leo notes that the decision "shows
that some school authorities, eager to avoid minority group pres
sure and rage, are now willing to treat the curriculum as a prize in
an ethnic spoils system." That it is ideologcally driven by guilt
and not an attempt to pacify a large bloc of voters is clear from the
fact that there are only a little more than 38,000 Indians in New
York state, most of whom probably have no interest in the myth of
the Iroquois and the Constitution.
This sort of thing is happening across the country as various
ethnic groups and feminists demand that history be rewritten
according to their party lines. This not only debases history but
pits the various groups against one another as they struggle for
space in the textbooks. New York's "interest in history is not as an
intellectual discipline," Schlesinger writes, "but rather as social and
psychological therapy whose primary purpose is to raise the self-
esteem of children from minority groups."
Those who have traditionally been excluded because of race
or gender are not helped by multiculturalists who teach them that
European culture and standards are the cause of their difficulties
and may be jettisoned, that history has no content aside from its
ideological usefulness, that there are different ways of knowing,
that linear thinking is a white male stratagem to oppress those
who are not white or male, that standard English is no better than
a variety of dialects such as "black English." To the extent the tra-
ditionally excluded believe any of this, they are additionally handi-
capped in life, and further excluded. To the extent they are taught
that self-esteem comes before achievement and leads to achieve-
ment, they are lied to and held back.

@_date: 1997-01-05 13:14:42
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Judge Bork on Ebonics 
Thanks for your passionate and intelligent response.  Before I attempt to
address some of your objections to the passages Mr. Bork's book, let me say
that while I agree with some of his observations I find his objections and
perscriptions (including a legislative check on Supreme Court decisions)
too little too late.
BTW, the lead in and Bork material was taken from an article on
alt.libertian (i.e., not my words or sentiment).
        The root of our decline, Bork argues, is the rise of
        modern liberalism, which stresses the dual forces of radical
        egalitarianism (the equality of outcomes rather
        than opportunities) and radical individualism (the
        drastic reduction of the limits of personal gratification). The
        roots of modern liberalism are deeply embedded in the
        past two and a half centuries-and perhaps-arise from
        the very nature of Western civilization itself.
See, generally, "The Failure of Bilingual Education," ed. Jorge Amselle
(Washington, D.C.: Center for Equal Opportunities, 1996).
See Richard Berstein, "Dictatorship of the Virtue: Multiculturalism and the
Battle for America's Future," (New York: Alfred A. Knopf, 1994), p. 244.
The interior quotation is from Jim Cummins, "Empowering Minority Students,"
California Association for Bilingual Education, Sacramento, 1989, p. ix.
Ah, a very good question, and one which Bork spends a considerable time
upon.  In the short, they are the radicals of the '60s who have taken over
or heavily modified the cultural institutions they once sought to destroy
(e.g., Clinton, many intellectuals, the media (esp. Hollywood), university
faculties, etc.).  Special attention is given the Supreme Court (although
obviously they are older than the '60s radicals) and its misguided and, in
his opinion, unconstitutional basis supporting many liberal decisions
(e.g., abortion and affirmative action) in the past 20 or so years.
True, but its not clear what "modern culture" is, as its constantly
evolving.  As you correctly point out, and Bork discusses elsewhere, there
is no single "Eurpoean" culture.  However, no society has prospered by
failing to formally educate its youth in its cultural basis.  Without
substantial cultural unity a fractured and contentious society is a likely
        Providence has been pleased to give this one connected coun-
        try, to one united people, a people decended from the same
        ancestors, speaking the same language, professing the same reli-
        gion, attached to the same princinple of government, very simi-
        lar in their manners and customs...
           This country and this people seem to have been made for
        each other, and it appears as if it was the design of Providence,
        that an inheritance so proper and convenient for a band of
        bretheren, united to each other by the strongest ties, should never
        be split into a number of unsocial, jealous and alien sovereignties.
Despite the fact that we have increasingly become a hetrogeneous society,
our culture and law is clearly Protestent English-based.  It was not
European or, as we now say, Eurocenteric.

@_date: 1997-01-05 21:29:54
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: High-tech tracking by police raises legal outcry 
I'm quite familiar with Teletrac's technology.  It consist of a receiver,
very similar to a pager, tuned to about 930 MHz and a transmitter (up to a
50 Watt peak power) operating in the unlicensed 902-928 MHz band using
direct sequence spread spectrum coding.  The service acts by sending out
'ping' messages to mobile devices on the pager channel and triangulating
for the their return pulses via a rather dense chain of stations in each
city/area covered.  This is very similar to how aircraft transponders work.
There are at least three straightforward countermeasures to Teletrac.
First, look under your car.  Teletrac requires a relatively good antenna
placement.  The box should be visible.  Second, a sweep by any professional
surveillance service will surely find it.  Third, any competent RF person
(e.g, an amateur radio operator) can retune any number of narrow band 900
MHz RF comsumer electronic devices (e.g, cordless phone) to jam the
Teletrac paging receiver and disable all such devices in your proximity.
Please note this is not legal, but your unlikely to get caught.
PGP Fingerprint: FE 90 1A 95 9D EA 8D 61  81 2E CC A9 A4 4A FB A9

@_date: 1997-01-07 22:03:11
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Copyright loophole? 
While doing research at a law library, I came across what appears to be a
legal loop-hole in the copyright law.  It seems a famous author's publisher
had a substantial number of unbound and unsold copies of his works sitting
around.  Another publisher purchased them from his publisher, without the
author's knowledge, and printed an anthology which included an index which
was not part of the purchased (copyrighted) items.
In Kipling vs. G.P. Putnam & Sons (1903, CA2 NY) 120 F 631, the 2nd circuit
found that (from 17 USCS  501) "Publication of an index to accompany
copyrighted volume of author's work although containing words and phrases
found in text, does not constitute infringement."  From the original
opinion: "They were also at liberty to make and publish an index contained
in their volumes even though the index, as necessary must, contain words
and phrases found in the text."
Q1: Could this decision (which has stood since 1903) support the creation,
storage and distribution of "standalone" on-line indicies to copyrighted
works without infringement?  (I could not find a direct reference to
"fair-use" in the portion of the opinion referencing the index nor a
related ruling, using the 1976 Copyright Act, which overturned the "index'
Q2: How much content can an index contain and still not infringe?
Q3: What would be the legal standing of these indicies, or several
unrelated "indexes", if they can jointly (but not separately) be used to
reconstitute the original copyright work by a private citizen?  (Anonymous
index posting, especially via a Ross Anderson style Eternity Service, might
"practically" circumvent government enforcement.)

@_date: 1997-01-13 10:47:59
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: OTA papers 
I came across a couple of very good Office of Technology Assessment papers,
"Electronic Surveillance in a Digital Age (July 1995)."  Download the .pdf
Another paper sure to be of interest to many CPs is the excellent
"Information Technologies for the Control of Money Laundering (September
1995)."  Get the .pdf at:
Its too bad OTA got the budgetary ax.  I met several of the staff and I
regarded them highly.

@_date: 1997-01-14 10:10:56
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: OTA papers 
I've read several of their papers and find, in those areas of which I feel
competent, there are few commercial equivalents with corresponding quality
and even-handedness in treatment.  I agree with you its best that much or
most of these government activities should occur in the market.  I hope
they do.  Only time will tell.

@_date: 1997-01-14 11:49:54
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Newt's phone calls 
When I worked at Cylink we developed a product, called SecureCell which
combined a standard analog cellphone (NEC I think) and a version of our
SecurePhone.  Despite the fact that it could thwart any but the most well
funded eavesdropping we only sold a handfull.  It was quite pricy (about
$6,000) and required a small suitcase to tote, but even so only a few gov't
agencies (mostly diplomatic) and execs thought it was worth the trouble.
One problem facing such devices are the interruptions caused by
cell-to-cell handoffs.  These can occur even when stationary. SecureCell, I
believe, used off-the-shelf line modems.  I've read newer modem
technologies (Spectrum and AT&T) have pretty much solved this problem.
There's no reason Eric Blossom's phone encryptor can't be readily adapted
to cellular to offer a secure and more reasonably priced cellular
PGP Fingerprint: FE 90 1A 95 9D EA 8D 61  81 2E CC A9 A4 4A FB A9

@_date: 1997-01-14 22:53:13
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Newt's phone calls 
Both sides of a conversation are audible on a single channel due to its use
for sidetone.
PGP Fingerprint: FE 90 1A 95 9D EA 8D 61  81 2E CC A9 A4 4A FB A9

@_date: 1997-01-14 22:53:24
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Newt's phone calls 
Wrong Eric, cells are constantly expanding and contracting as subscribers
in motion are transferred in and out.  Thus you can be stationary, holding
a conversation, and assigned to cell A when all of a sudden subscribers
enter from adjacent cells B and C threatening to fill cell A beyond
capacity.  To keep from dropping calls in cell A the MTS will determine
which calls can safely, due to signal strength and adjacent cell capacity,
be transferred to another cell.  If your conversation is selected then off
you go to another, geographically overlapping, cell.  The MTS can't be sure
which subscribers are stationary and which are in motion (it really doesn't
We saw this unexpected phenomenon frequently during development of Cylink's
SecureCell and finally had to recommend our users be stationary during use,
because our modems did not tolerate handoffs well without retraining, in
order to offer the best chance of uninterupted communication.
Yes, you need a device which can simultaneously listen to the
paging/controll channels and determine, when a handoff to a monitored
conversation occurs,to  which new channel pair they have been assigned.  I
seem to recall such a device was for sale a few years back using a ISA/EISA
card and some DOS compatible software.  It connected to the ubiquitous and
well characterized Oki 900 cell phone.

@_date: 1997-01-14 22:53:28
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Newt's phone calls 
Sorry Alan, they were right.  The Supreme Court ruled that unlike cell
phones, cordless phone users could presume privacy.
PGP Fingerprint: FE 90 1A 95 9D EA 8D 61  81 2E CC A9 A4 4A FB A9

@_date: 1997-01-14 23:10:36
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: New US regs ban downloadable data-security software 
But does it ban commercial companies from benefiting from their software if
it is illegally exported (e.g., via the Net).  Should, for example, PGP
find users of its new software (who might be outside the U.S.) paying via
ecash, should they accept the payment?

@_date: 1997-01-15 09:01:35
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Airport security [no such thing] 
I don't know which airlines you fly, but the ones I am familiar with ask
these questions at the baggage counter (checked luggage) and gate (carry-on
items).  Since you are supposed to be at the airport one hour before
departure, in most instances if you get to the counter or gate less than 10
minutes before take-off your reservations lapse (by Fed rules) and  are no
longer requred to board you. If they are forced to search you luggage they
will, legally, allow the plane to depart w/o you.

@_date: 1997-01-16 13:21:32
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: ARKANSAS BANS PHONE SCRAMBLERS 
Have you spent time in Anguila?  I have.  As a visitor its a very safe,
friendly, family-oriented society.  But as a resident the picture is
somewhat different due to a certain cliqish-ness and small-country
mentality (e.g., the exclusive arrangement of Cable & Wireless).  Don't get
me wrong I love the place.  It certainly a world apart from St. Martin/Sint
Maarten only 8 miles distant.
I'm sure this represents an interference in interstate commerce and won't
stand up in court.

@_date: 1997-01-17 12:18:44
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Newt's phone calls 
The concept that a corporation or individual transmitting information meant
for receiption at 'significant' distances should be accorded the
presumption of privacy is analogous that a person shouting out their window
to a person on the street and assuming that insisting neighbors be required
to turn a bind ear.
However, since the government has pressed the point, couldn't one use this
same logic to claim that since face-to-face conversations are assumed to be
private that wire taps are illegal.  I seem to recall that Chief Justice
Brandice made this argument in the late '20s.  Look where we are today.

@_date: 1997-01-17 12:23:49
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Forget DES, crack CAVE; was: Newt may be more receptive to encryption now 
Why don't we threaten to monitor and post RealAudio of all the politico's
juciest cellular intrigues, or design and distribute CAVE cracking software
to allow simple monitoring of digital cellular communications.  IMHO, this
would be a better demonstration that the DES crack being contemplated.

@_date: 1997-01-18 14:44:50
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: GSM technology 
GSM DATA FEATURES
GSM is particularly suited for mobile data communications.  All GSM base
systems support 9.6kbit/s circuit-switched data services, soon many will
increase transmission speed up to 28.8kbit/s. A new part of the GSM
standard, known as High Speed Circuit Switched Data (HSCSD), is being
developed which will boost user capacity up to 64 kbit/s, and higher.
        Interconnecting this 64 kbit/s wireless capability with public ISDN
networks, for example, will give mobile users complete end-to-end digital
connectivity with the attendant benefits of very fast set-up times and high
link quality.
        Technically, HSCSD requires a new radio link protocol; a
modification of the existing protocol used to provide the GSM voice
channel. GSM uses TDMA (Time Division Multiple Access) technology, which
divides each 200 kHz carrier into eight timeslots. To provide a single
voice channel, one timeslot is used; one timeslot is also used to provide a
single 9.6 kbit/s data circuit. However, all eight slots will be used to
provide one 64 kbit/s circuit.
     The main benefit of this approach is that it is designed for the
existing GSM infra-structure. There is no need for operators to change
their entire network infrastructure in order to implement it. Operators
will therefore be able to implement HSCSD in a quick and efficient way,
once the specification has been ratified.
ENCRYPTED GSM LINKS
If the GSM phone includes a data port, as some already do, just connect
your laptop, dial your ISP and 'push' the encrypted traffic over that link
(e.g., using TCP/IP and PGPfone).
If you really want to dive headfirst into GSM, the following is a resource
list generated in 1994:
  author = {Rahnema, Moe},
  title = "Overview of the {GSM} System and Protocol Architecture",
  journal = {IEEE Communications Magazine},
  month = {April},
  year = 1993)
  author = {Cheeseman, David},
  title =  "The pan-{European} cellular mobile radio system",
  booktitle = {Personal and Mobile Radio Systems},
  editor = {R.C.V. Macario},
  publisher =  {Peter Peregrinus},
  address = {London},
  year = 1991)
  author = {Balston, David M.},
  title = "The pan-{European} cellular technology",
  booktitle = {Personal and Mobile Radio Systems},
  editor = {R.C.V. Macario},
  publisher =  {Peter Peregrinus},
  address = {London},
  year = 1991)
  author = {Mohan, Seshadri and Jain, Ravi},
  title = "Two User Location Strategies for Personal Communication Services",
  journal = {IEEE Personal Communications},
  volume = 1,
  number = 1,
  year = 1994)
  author = {Haug, Thomas},
  title = "Overview of the {GSM} Project",
  booktitle = {EUROCON 88},
  month = {June},
  year = 1988)
  author = {Mallinder, Bernard J. T.},
  title = "Specification Methodology Applied to the {GSM} System",
  booktitle = {EUROCON 88},
  month = {June},
  year = 1988)
  author = {Audestad, Jan A.},
  title = "Network Aspects of the {GSM} System",
  booktitle = {EUROCON 88},
  month = {June},
  year = 1988)
  author = {Balston, D. M.},
  title = "The pan-{European} System: {GSM}",
  booktitle = {Cellular Radio Systems},
  editor = {Balston, D. M. and Macario, R.C.V.},
  publisher = {Artech House},
  address = {Boston},
  year = 1993)
  author = {Watson, C.},
  title = "Radio Equipment for {GSM}",
  booktitle = {Cellular Radio Systems},
  editor = {Balston, D. M. and Macario, R.C.V.},
  publisher = {Artech House},
  address = {Boston},
  year = 1993)
  author = {Harris, I.},
  title = "Data in the {GSM} Cellular Network",
  booktitle = {Cellular Radio Systems},
  editor = {Balston, D. M. and Macario, R.C.V.},
  publisher = {Artech House},
  address = {Boston},
  year = 1993)
  author = {Harris, I.},
  title = "Facsimile over Cellular Radio",
  booktitle = {Cellular Radio Systems},
  editor = {Balston, D. M. and Macario, R.C.V.},
  publisher = {Artech House},
  address = {Boston},
  year = 1993)
  author = {D\'echaux, C. and  Scheller, R.},
  title = "What are {GSM} and {DCS}",
  journal = {Electrical Communication},
  month = {2nd Quarter},
  year = 1993)
  author = {Feldmann, M. and Rissen, J. P.},
  title = "{GSM} Network Systems and Overall System Integration",
  journal = {Electrical Communication},
  month = {2nd Quarter},
  year = 1993)
  author = {Bezler, M. and others},
  title = "{GSM} Base Station System",
  journal = {Electrical Communication},
  month = {2nd Quarter},
  year = 1993)
  author = {Schmid, E. H. and K\"ahler, M.},
  title = "{GSM} Operation and Maintenance",
  journal = {Electrical Communication},
  month = {2nd Quarter},
  year = 1993)
  author = {Lobensommer, Hans and Mahner, Helmut},
  title = "{GSM} -- a {European} Mobile Radio Standard for the
           World Market",
  journal = {Telcom Report International},
  volume = 15,
  number = {3-4},
  year = 1992)
  author = {Huber, Josef--Franz},
  title = "Advanced Equipment for an Advanced Network",
  journal = {Telcom Report International},
  volume = 15,
  number = {3-4},
  year = 1992)
  author = {Winch, Robert G.},
  title = "Telecommunication Transmission Systems",
  publisher = {McGraw-Hill},
  address = {New York},
  year = 1993)
  author = {Natvig, Jon E. and Hansen, Stein and de Brito, Jorge},
  title = "Speech Processing in the pan-{European} Digital Mobile Radio
           System ({GSM}) --- System Overview",
  booktitle = {IEEE GLOBECOM 1989},
  month = {November},
  year = 1989)
  author = {Vary, P. and others},
  title = "Speech Codec for the {European} Mobile Radio System",
  booktitle = {IEEE GLOBECOM 1989},
  month = {November},
  year = 1989)
  author = {Southcott, C. B. and others},
  title = "Voice Control of the pan-{European} Digital Mobile Radio System",
  booktitle = {IEEE GLOBECOM 1989},
  month = {November},
  year = 1989)
  author = {Nilsson, Torbjorn},
  title = "Toward a New Era in Mobile Communications",
  note = { (Ericsson WWW server)})
PGP Fingerprint: FE 90 1A 95 9D EA 8D 61  81 2E CC A9 A4 4A FB A9

@_date: 1997-01-19 16:43:27
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: GSM crypto upgrade? (was Re: Newt's phone calls) 
For voice calls, it is not possible to merely insert a more secure crypto
function (e.g., IDEA) inside the less secure A5 crypto, unless the GSM base
station's protocol is aware the subscriber unit is using the more secure
crypto.  Otherwise, when the GSM base station unwraps the A5 encrypted data
stream, which it assumes will contain digitized voice packets in the clear,
it will not find what its looking for and will be unable to convert the
packets to a circuit-switched voice signal.
If, as I have previously stated, the subscriber instead uses the data port
of his instrument and establishes a data link with his payload protected by
the more the secure crypto this is entirely feasible.

@_date: 1997-01-20 14:47:43
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: GSM technology 
Retrofitting the stonger encryption (e.g., IDEA) to some existing GSM
phones may be practical (as I've discussed in previous postings), but
unless the service providers support the stonger crypto (seems very
unlikely at the moment)parties at the other end of the line will need an
Eric Blossom-like device or a laptop running PGPfone.  I can see no way
around this.
I may be wrong, but the faster laptops are already able to support the GSM
codes and rates in PGPfone (or could).  However, most of the service
providers may only be offering 9.6kb/s GSM data links at this time, and
this would surely impact voice quality.  If or when 28.8kb/s data is common
via GSM voice links via PGPfone should be better than the default GSM coded
PGP Fingerprint: FE 90 1A 95 9D EA 8D 61  81 2E CC A9 A4 4A FB A9

@_date: 1997-01-20 15:26:57
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: GSM technology 
Retrofitting the stonger encryption (e.g., IDEA) to some existing GSM
phones may be practical (as I've discussed in previous postings), but
unless the service providers support the stonger crypto (seems very
unlikely at the moment)parties at the other end of the line will need an
Eric Blossom-like device or a laptop running PGPfone.  I can see no way
around this.
I may be wrong, but the faster laptops are already able to support the GSM
codes and rates in PGPfone (or could).  However, most of the service
providers may only be offering 9.6kb/s GSM data links at this time, and
this would surely impact voice quality.  If or when 28.8kb/s data is common
via GSM voice links via PGPfone should be better than the default GSM coded
PGP Fingerprint: FE 90 1A 95 9D EA 8D 61  81 2E CC A9 A4 4A FB A9

@_date: 1997-01-21 17:26:41
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: GSM crypto upgrade? (was Re: Newt's phone calls) 
A friend of mine, an expert on signal processing, vocei systhesis and
recognition, showed me a journal article (think it was an IEEE) in 1990 of
some university researchers who had prototyped just such a device.  Never
followed up, but it seems entirely reasonable a practicle.  In fact I'm
surprised that Hollywood hasn't latched onto this in order to dub film
stars to different languages w/o loosing their recognizable voice

@_date: 1997-01-21 18:00:27
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: GSM crypto upgrade? (was Re: Newt's phone calls) 
A friend of mine, an expert on signal processing, vocei systhesis and
recognition, showed me a journal article (think it was an IEEE) in 1990 of
some university researchers who had prototyped just such a device.  Never
followed up, but it seems entirely reasonable a practicle.  In fact I'm
surprised that Hollywood hasn't latched onto this in order to dub film
stars to different languages w/o loosing their recognizable voice

@_date: 1997-01-22 06:02:43
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: FBI Gets 500 Mil to Tap Your Communications 
At least as important was their request to legally tap any telephone line
for 48 hours w/o a warrant.  What ever happended to that?

@_date: 1997-01-22 06:10:34
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: FBI Gets 500 Mil to Tap Your Communications 
At least as important was their request to legally tap any telephone line
for 48 hours w/o a warrant.  What ever happended to that?

@_date: 1997-01-22 06:14:22
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: ADSL (Was: GSM technology 
That was the intent of at least one sectio of the recently enacted Telecom
Reform Act, but now the Baby Bells are trying to block local access
provisions in the SC which would allow, for example, ISP to offer
ISDN/ADSL/HDSL via their own CO equipment (bypassing the telco switches).

@_date: 1997-01-22 06:40:27
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: ADSL (Was: GSM technology 
That was the intent of at least one sectio of the recently enacted Telecom
Reform Act, but now the Baby Bells are trying to block local access
provisions in the SC which would allow, for example, ISP to offer
ISDN/ADSL/HDSL via their own CO equipment (bypassing the telco switches).

@_date: 1997-01-24 18:25:27
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: greed and the internet 
Rather than being forced by pressures from the market, smaller ISPs appear
to be holding their own and in many cases thriving.  A significant number
of them have begun to form their own cooperatives to operate mini-NAPs,
mosty to aggregate local traffic and reduce unnecessary traffic to the
NAPs.  It isn't too far a stretch to envision that should this practive
become commonplace, these smaller ISPs could band together to create their
own Net overlay, bypassing the NAPs. This trend could spell trouble for
gov't agencies expecting to monitor Net traffic from only a few convenient
locations (i.e., NAPs).

@_date: 1997-01-25 01:57:07
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: greed and the internet 
Rather than being forced by pressures from the market, smaller ISPs appear
to be holding their own and in many cases thriving.  A significant number
of them have begun to form their own cooperatives to operate mini-NAPs,
mosty to aggregate local traffic and reduce unnecessary traffic to the
NAPs.  It isn't too far a stretch to envision that should this practive
become commonplace, these smaller ISPs could band together to create their
own Net overlay, bypassing the NAPs. This trend could spell trouble for
gov't agencies expecting to monitor Net traffic from only a few convenient
locations (i.e., NAPs).

@_date: 1997-01-25 16:41:40
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Public Key Partners 
PKP is really just a holding/licensing company.  Last time I heard Bob
Fougner was still legal council to PKP.  You should be able to contact him
through Cylink Corp. (800) 600-5858.

@_date: 1997-01-25 17:10:35
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Public Key Partners 
PKP is really just a holding/licensing company.  Last time I heard Bob
Fougner was still legal council to PKP.  You should be able to contact him
through Cylink Corp. (800) 600-5858.

@_date: 1997-01-25 18:42:49
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Encrypting ZIP disks 
Sorry, I don't believe it any more than I believe other unsubstantiated
crypto claims.  Publish the code/method for others to verify or keep the
clains to yourself Paul.

@_date: 1997-01-25 19:40:50
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Encrypting ZIP disks 
Sorry, I don't believe it any more than I believe other unsubstantiated
crypto claims.  Publish the code/method for others to verify or keep the
clains to yourself Paul.

@_date: 1997-01-25 21:24:44
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Cellular location... 
Looks like this might create an opportunity for 'anonymous' cellular rentals.

@_date: 1997-01-25 22:55:33
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Cellular location... 
Looks like this might create an opportunity for 'anonymous' cellular rentals.

@_date: 1997-01-28 20:12:40
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Fighting the cybercensor 
I think a hole in your thinking is to assume that the assasins have no
motive other than financial gain.  I would submit that there are those that
have the skills, training and a political agenda coherent with the
wagerers, lacking only the financial incentive to make the risks
acceptable.  These wetworkers won't consider accepting the bribe of the

@_date: 1997-01-28 22:11:08
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Fighting the cybercensor 
I think a hole in your thinking is to assume that the assasins have no
motive other than financial gain.  I would submit that there are those that
have the skills, training and a political agenda coherent with the
wagerers, lacking only the financial incentive to make the risks
acceptable.  These wetworkers won't consider accepting the bribe of the

@_date: 1997-01-30 09:17:15
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Fighting the cybercensor 
Yep. Chemical Biological Weapons (CBW), the choice of many future
terrorists and assassins, can now be produced by anyone with a solid
background in organic chemistry or microbiology and a relatively modest
amount of funding (< USD 10,000).
Delivery can be by any number of means, including: static (e.g., planted at
a location in wait for the target and remotely triggered, for example by a
pager. Cost less than USD 500) or dynamic (e.g., a small remotely piloted
or autonomous aircraft, for example, a modified giant-scale RC plane.  Cost
less than USD 3000 if remotely controlled, USD 5000-10,000 if autonomous
using DGPS guidance).  EE experience is assumed.
If the assassin is unconcerned with collateral damage his success depends
only on knowing where his target will be and when.  Since CBW agents can
have a considerable kill zone there is no need for 'crosshair' accuracy.

@_date: 1997-01-30 09:28:23
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Fighting the cybercensor 
Yep. Chemical Biological Weapons (CBW), the choice of many future
terrorists and assassins, can now be produced by anyone with a solid
background in organic chemistry or microbiology and a relatively modest
amount of funding (< USD 10,000).
Delivery can be by any number of means, including: static (e.g., planted at
a location in wait for the target and remotely triggered, for example by a
pager. Cost less than USD 500) or dynamic (e.g., a small remotely piloted
or autonomous aircraft, for example, a modified giant-scale RC plane.  Cost
less than USD 3000 if remotely controlled, USD 5000-10,000 if autonomous
using DGPS guidance).  EE experience is assumed.
If the assassin is unconcerned with collateral damage his success depends
only on knowing where his target will be and when.  Since CBW agents can
have a considerable kill zone there is no need for 'crosshair' accuracy.

@_date: 1997-01-31 08:49:37
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Fighting the cybercensor 
[big snip]
Yes, you have certainly pointed out a property of AP, insofar as teaching
is concerned.  The reality of the physical world is that some mistakes, for
example steping off a cliff, are immediately punished by a fall and
possibly death.  The 'student' may or may not learn for the experience but
other students who are witness most certainly will.
I sincerely doubt that many would use AP to right small slights, anymore
than many now kill others for the same reasons.  The world has always been
inhabited by bullies and tyrants who cared little of what harm they caused
others.  An AP system would quickly eliminate bullies and tyrants.
I think the reaction of the society as a whole to AP would depend on what
its perceived overall results were.  If assassinations of scum and tyrants
increased a hundred fold it would hardly be noticed on any political radar
screen, except the bullies and tyrants.

@_date: 1997-01-31 09:00:32
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Fighting the cybercensor 
[big snip]
Yes, you have certainly pointed out a property of AP, insofar as teaching
is concerned.  The reality of the physical world is that some mistakes, for
example steping off a cliff, are immediately punished by a fall and
possibly death.  The 'student' may or may not learn for the experience but
other students who are witness most certainly will.
I sincerely doubt that many would use AP to right small slights, anymore
than many now kill others for the same reasons.  The world has always been
inhabited by bullies and tyrants who cared little of what harm they caused
others.  An AP system would quickly eliminate bullies and tyrants.
I think the reaction of the society as a whole to AP would depend on what
its perceived overall results were.  If assassinations of scum and tyrants
increased a hundred fold it would hardly be noticed on any political radar
screen, except the bullies and tyrants.

@_date: 1997-01-31 23:17:27
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Intelligence Update (fwd) 
While these claims may be for links under near ideal conditions, Hams
routinely make very long distace links at 900, 2400 and 5700 MHz during
contests using less than 1 Watt.  Also, our deep space probes operate many
links to earth in this spectral region using low power transmitters.  Of
course they have 200 ft. antennas (e.g., Goldstone) at the receiveing end
with cryogenic reciever front-ends.
Links do become increasingly line-of-sight above 1 GHz this is radio not
visual (i.e., shots through trees. etc.) and there is increasingly the
ability to utilize reflection ("billboard" shots) advantageously.
As frequency increases path loss also increases.  Fortunately, as
frequencies increase antenna gain also increases.  In fact, by holding
antenna dimensions constant (for an arbitrary antenna design, e.g.,
parabolic) gain increases with frequency in direct proportion to increasing
path loss, thus cancelling it out.
There are other factors, such as required S/N or bit error rate for the
particular application, reciever sensitivity and noise floor, and
background noise levels, which directly affect link margins (transmit power
- path loss - reciever sensitivity; all in dB) and thus viability of a
link.  Above 1 GHz terrestrial noise, including that produced by man,
declines rapidly at the moment.  However, as more UHF communication devices
and microprocessors operating at 100s of MHz proliferate that noise floor
is sure to rise.

@_date: 1997-01-31 23:55:52
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Intelligence Update (fwd) 
While these claims may be for links under near ideal conditions, Hams
routinely make very long distace links at 900, 2400 and 5700 MHz during
contests using less than 1 Watt.  Also, our deep space probes operate many
links to earth in this spectral region using low power transmitters.  Of
course they have 200 ft. antennas (e.g., Goldstone) at the receiveing end
with cryogenic reciever front-ends.
Links do become increasingly line-of-sight above 1 GHz this is radio not
visual (i.e., shots through trees. etc.) and there is increasingly the
ability to utilize reflection ("billboard" shots) advantageously.
As frequency increases path loss also increases.  Fortunately, as
frequencies increase antenna gain also increases.  In fact, by holding
antenna dimensions constant (for an arbitrary antenna design, e.g.,
parabolic) gain increases with frequency in direct proportion to increasing
path loss, thus cancelling it out.
There are other factors, such as required S/N or bit error rate for the
particular application, reciever sensitivity and noise floor, and
background noise levels, which directly affect link margins (transmit power
- path loss - reciever sensitivity; all in dB) and thus viability of a
link.  Above 1 GHz terrestrial noise, including that produced by man,
declines rapidly at the moment.  However, as more UHF communication devices
and microprocessors operating at 100s of MHz proliferate that noise floor
is sure to rise.

@_date: 1997-07-03 22:21:01
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Liberating the Bits 
An alternative would be for the creators to publish their PK and the amount
of money they get from the sale of each item.  Then well-meaning theives
can directly and anonymously send the artists ecash and sleep well at night
knowing the artist and not the vermin are benefiting.
PGP mail preferred
Fingerprint: FE 90 1A 95 9D EA 8D 61  81 2E CC A9 A4 4A FB A9

@_date: 1997-07-05 06:23:09
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: e$: $MTP? (fwd) 
If the email program (client or $MTP) creates/maintains a 'known party'
list which isn't expected to include postage this solves the mailing list
PGP mail preferred
Fingerprint: FE 90 1A 95 9D EA 8D 61  81 2E CC A9 A4 4A FB A9

@_date: 1997-07-06 08:44:27
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Citizen's Line Item Veto (was Re: Just Say "No" to Congress) 
Since Congress passed a Presidential Line Item Veto, perhaps its time
citizens ask for the same priviledge and for the same reasons.
PGP mail preferred
Fingerprint: FE 90 1A 95 9D EA 8D 61  81 2E CC A9 A4 4A FB A9

@_date: 1997-07-07 04:15:09
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Hack the Mars rover (fwd) 
The place to hack any deep-space mission is at its terminus.  Even with the
incredible receiveing equipment at each of the controlling earth stations
(e.g., Goldstone off of I395 between Barstow and Mammoth Lakes, CA) the
link margin, that is the minimum required signal/noise vs. actual for the
specified bit rate, can't be too healthy.  The antennas are huge, very
directional, parabolic dishes, but even the best have a bit of side-lobe
receiption (that's why they're located in remote areas, usualy surrounded
by hills).  One can exploit these side-lobe to jam in inbound signal.
Depending upon the transmission/modulation scheme, only a simple,
low-powered, transmitter with line-of-sight to the parabolic dish could
overwhelm the Rover signal.  Getting such a 'shot' at the antenna might be
difficult from the ground.
PGP mail preferred
Fingerprint: FE 90 1A 95 9D EA 8D 61  81 2E CC A9 A4 4A FB A9

@_date: 1997-07-07 08:41:22
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Hack the Mars rover (fwd) 
You're right, its beyond imagination that any amateur would have the
resources at their disposal to override NASA's uplink (unless ther's
another Capt'n Midnight lurking at a commercial uplink station ;-).
Rather than trying to seize control of lander just do a DOS hack by keeping
the ground stations from hearing the lander signal.  You said yourself that
the path loss to Mars is very large (maybe around 200 dB), this means that
even with those huge antennas their link margins can't be too high.
I'll assume that in order to improve the margins they're using spread
spectrum techniques, trading bandwidth for spectral efficiency.  Without
getting into the specifics of jamming technology, unless they have a very
large process gain (like the 63 dB claimed for GPS), which is very unlikely
for a number of reasons, that a properly designed transmitter located near
their downlink stations would spill into the passband of their very
senstive receivers (probably liquid-He cooled LNAs) making receiption
difficult to impossible.  Of course, such transmitters would be relatively
easy to find so only intermittent operation might be practical.
If the data formats and coding techniques are public and well documented
the task is simplified many fold.
PGP encrypted mail PREFERRED (See MIT/BAL servers for my PK)
PGP Fingerprint: FE 90 1A 95 9D EA 8D 61  81 2E CC A9 A4 4A FB A9

@_date: 1997-07-08 03:55:41
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Hoarding 
I heard yesterday, second hand, that hoarding of large amounts of food is
now a federal crime.  The explanation I heard was that it was intended to
thwart militias.  Has anyone else on the list heard this loony info?
PGP encrypted mail PREFERRED (See MIT/BAL servers for my PK)
PGP Fingerprint: FE 90 1A 95 9D EA 8D 61  81 2E CC A9 A4 4A FB A9

@_date: 1997-07-09 04:20:56
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Spread Spectrum Surveillance Modules 
Unfortunately, all high volume consumer direct sequence (DS) chips are
optimized for data throughput and spectral efficiency, the exact opposite
of what you want for surveillence.  The compact sinx/x DS signature is easy
to see on any spectrum analyzer when one is relatively close to the bug.
However, if the DS chip is used in combination with frequency hopping (FH),
especially if the hop frequencies overlap, then a much more robust
surveillence device can be created.  Introduction of FH does complicate the
design, especially receiver acquisition/synchronization, but the results
could be well worth the effort.
PGP encrypted mail PREFERRED (See MIT/BAL servers for my PK)
PGP Fingerprint: FE 90 1A 95 9D EA 8D 61  81 2E CC A9 A4 4A FB A9

@_date: 1997-07-10 12:46:42
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Cast of Characters for Crypto Politics (Judiciary Hearing) 
We need to find out what software the teen was using.  I can see the ads now...
WANT TO TRUST YOUR IMPORTANT DATA TO UNPROVEN SECURITY SOFTWARE?
USE "SAFEHOUSE" AND EVEN THE FEDS WON'T BE ABLE TO FIND YOUR GROCERY LIST!

@_date: 1997-07-10 13:28:36
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Recreational pharmaceuticals by genetic engineering 
I know this is off-topic for the list...
But why hasn't some cleaver graduate student engineered a common mold or
yeast to yield easily extracted (or directly ingestible) common
recreational pharmaceuticals?  Ideally it would be a perpetual source, like
sour dough starter, and easily cultured.  Once distributed to the street it
would be impossible to stop or track (since no controlled chemicals would
be required for production).

@_date: 1997-07-11 13:54:48
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: The Recent Trend in "Collective Contracts" 
What if private citizens decided to place Joe Camel ads in print and TV or
sponsor an event.  Would they also be constrained in their freedom of

@_date: 1997-07-12 15:00:05
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Routing around damage 
Seems to me that having only a few, heavily trafficed, NAPs is a
topological weakness in the Net which needs to be delt with soon.

@_date: 1997-07-16 03:04:45
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: hand-held computers Re: Electronic commerce has long way   togo 
For those outside of Metricom's coverage areas, NovaTel Wireless
 is introducing a CDPD modem specifically
designed for the Pilot.  Their Minstrel modem offers TCP/IP data rates up
to 19.2 kbps over analog cellular.  Coverage in most US metropolitan areas
is now available.  List price is expected to be $ 399. and deliveries are
scheduled to begin in late summer.
PGP encrypted mail PREFERRED (See MIT/BAL servers for my PK)
PGP Fingerprint: FE 90 1A 95 9D EA 8D 61  81 2E CC A9 A4 4A FB A9

@_date: 1997-07-16 03:41:14
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Making Imaginary Sex Illegal 
Exactly. Like crypto, technology is making moot these Nanny laws, but the
legislators don't get it.  I completely reject Congress' and the SC's
different treatment of porn and graphic violence in the media.  Either both
or neither should be banned. The real issue is: Thought Crime.  Should
society have the right to control information content which cannot be shown
to directly endanger or harm specific parties?  I and many libertarians
would say HELL NO.
PGP encrypted mail PREFERRED (See MIT/BAL servers for my PK)
PGP Fingerprint: FE 90 1A 95 9D EA 8D 61  81 2E CC A9 A4 4A FB A9

@_date: 1997-07-16 08:54:00
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: CCTV Cameras in Britain 
Yes, well initial reaction to such Big Brother measures are often greeted,
initially, by the sheeple as in their best interest.
As for the IRA, although I am not a UK resident I did live there for some
time, I think most of the violence is a result of mean intentioned English
policies in the later part of the 19th and early 20th century.  I doubt the
surveillence can put an end to terrorism without doing away with much of
the English population's privacy.
Youth is always looking for a way to make a statement or stand out in the
crowd.  This could be an effective means to both poke the surveillence
state in the eye and be noticed.
That's what personal firearms are for...
Its no coincedence that the incedence of 'hot' bugluries (that is one's in
which the owner is in residence during the incident) are about 60% for the
UK and 15% for the US.  Sentenced US criminals are much more careful in
'casing' a residence and, unlike their UK counterparts, rarely enter in the
evening when they are much more likely to get shot.
I wouldn't.  Its the state's duty to protect my liberties and if they can't
or won't the obligation falls on me.
The product of liberty and security is a constant.

@_date: 1997-07-17 23:38:36
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: VeriSign Granted First Federal Approval to Issue CertificatesEnabling Export of Strong Encryption 
At 2:16 PM -0400 7/15/97, ptharrison wrote, on e$
With this announcement, it has become clear to me what the US government is
attempting to do. They are relaxing the export of strong crypto -- if you
use a US-based certification authority. Why does this matter? Look at the
Kerry bill. My guess is that they already know that Verisign will go along
with a key escrow requirement, in exchange for protection from liability,
and so their goal now is to put Verisign in the loop as much as possible.
I started to think of the loopholes this could create -- US companies
outsourcing web sites for  foreign companies, etc. Then I realized: IT
DOESN'T MATTER, as far as the US government is concerned, because they're
going to have those keys escrowed. The Kerrey bill may not pass this
go-around, but they are counting on something like this.
The hard part, now, is to figure out how to explain this to industry,
public and the press, without sounding like raving lunatics. We meed to
make it more concrete. Remind people that certificates expire every year,
and point them at the Kerrey legislation. Ask foreign banks how they feel
about their transactions being fully accessible to the US government -- or
anyone capable of bribing a low-level functionary in the US government.
PGP mail preferred, see  PGP Fingerprint: FE 90 1A 95 9D EA 8D 61  81 2E CC A9 A4 4A FB A9

@_date: 1997-07-17 23:38:47
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Censorware Summit Take II, from The Netly News 
These suggests that Yahoo, Excite, and Lycos might become tempting targets
of a Net-wide DoS attack until they repent.

@_date: 1997-07-18 04:36:09
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: AlterNIC takes over InterNIC traffic 
AlterNIC takes over InterNIC traffic
   By Courtney Macavinta
July 14, 1997, 12:15 p.m. PT
 A rival domain name registry to the official Internet registrar,
InterNIC, redirected users from " to its own  site last
weekend in what is being called a "protest."
 Netizens told CNET's NEWS.COM that they ended up at  AlterNIC, or
" after typing in InterNIC's  URL. AlterNIC was set up by
the enhanced Domain Name  Services to offer alternate top-level domains,
such as ".ltd,"  ".sex," and ".med."
 "By redirecting the domain name ' we are  protesting the
recent InterNIC claim to ownership of '.com,'  '.org,' and '.net,' which
they were supposed to be running in the  public trust," AlterNIC CFO Eugene
Kashpureff stated on his  site.
 "Our apologies for any trouble this DNS [domain name system]  protest has
caused you...We think we exercised restraint in the  use of our latest DNS
technology for this protest," the letter  states. "We terminated the
protest configuration at 8 a.m.  Monday, July 14."
 The AlterNIC site also contained a link that allowed visitors to  access
the actual InterNIC in the protest message.
 InterNIC is the registrar of the most valuable domain names, such  as
".com." It is administered in part by Network Solutions under  agreement
with the National Science Foundation, which ends in  March of next year.
During its tenure, Network Solutions has  collected approximately $78
million in registration fees.
 The protest is the latest move in the heated debate over who will  control
the Internet naming system, which has turned into a  lucrative business as
commercial entities fight to establish brand  awareness by using the most
coveted names. For example, the  name "business.com" was bought recently
from its registered  owner for $150,000.
 Last month, the Commerce Department asked for public comment  on the
future of the domain name system. An ad hoc committee  formed in part by
the Internet Society also proposed a plan last  year for replacing Network
Solutions and reconfiguring how the  names are handed out. Kashpureff said
he is protesting Network  Solutions' claim in its recent Securities and
Exchange filing that it  owned the property rights to ".com" and the other
popular  domains.
 "If they think they own the entire domain name space, I've got  news for
them. Over the weekend, I possessed their name," he  told CNET's NEWS.COM.
 No one at Network Solutions could be immediately reached to  comment on
whether the company will look into legal  ramifications for the rerouting
of its traffic by AlterNIC.
 Kashpureff wouldn't say how he managed to abduct InterNIC's  domain name
but did say he did it to demonstrate the system's  vulnerability. "I'm not
releasing how I did it because it would  take out the name service on the
Net. The hack was a result of a  years' worth of work under a project
called 'DNS Storm.'"
 Moreover, there is no telling how many registrations InterNIC  could have
lost due to the antic. But some Netizens who were  involuntarily
transported to the alternate site didn't seem to mind.
 "They do have a good point in the fact that those domain names  are
supposed to be in the public trust. I don't agree with the  InterNIC
monopoly either," said Jason Brunette, a Webmaster for  TCB Internet in
Wisconsin, who was rerouted to AlterNIC this  weekend when he tried to
register a domain.

@_date: 1997-07-18 04:39:58
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Censorware Summit Take II, from The Netly News 
With the right timing both might be much more effective.  Sorta like the
recent InterNIC NDS theft (see my separate posting).

@_date: 1997-07-18 23:58:40
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Verisign gets export approval 
There's probably no technical reason these patches must originate with
Netscape.  Seems like a healthy cottage industry could spring up to supply
patch software to offshore companies which want magic certs w/o USG

@_date: 1997-07-19 01:11:11
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: mondex 
Actually Doug Barnes, C2, gave a brief but excellent rump session talk at
FC '97 pointing out that Mondex could be a near ideal way to pay for fully
anonymous e$, since settlement can be offline, immediate, and

@_date: 1997-07-19 06:35:17
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Crypto implants 
[I could find no instance in the cypherpunks archives of this thread.
Forgive me if I've erred.]
As single chip crypto devices are now available (e.g., smart cards) it is
not unreasonable to ask how the implantation of advanced bio-chips may
challenge current notions of civil liberties.
A key US legal assumption of privacy is that one has an unlimited right to
one's thoughts but limited rights to ones ideas reduced to tangible form
and to communications. (The threads regarding the ability of the courts to
cause the a witness to disgorge a crypto key are closely related.)
Another civil liberty is the assumption that one owns and controls one's
body (unless arrested/imprisoned) and the government may not alter or
injure your body. Most citizens and hopefully the courts would find
invasion of this most sacrosanct part of one's being are repugnant.
An implied aspects of the privacy-crypto debate is that
mechanical/electronic devices outside of one's body are required for use of
crypto. But what happens if a person's body is augmented for various
purposes, including data storage, crypto and communications?  Unless a
proven crime were committed via these devices, is it feasible that a person
could be forced to submit to removal of an implant or to disgorge their
data contents?
PGP mail preferred, see  PGP Fingerprint: FE 90 1A 95 9D EA 8D 61  81 2E CC A9 A4 4A FB A9

@_date: 1997-07-19 06:55:38
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Keepers of the keys 
>Frankly, I find it mildly
Why not go one step further and get the strong crypto supporters in the
Senate to tack on an ammendment to the McCain-Kerrey-bill forcing the FBI
and our most secret security agencies to use the very same
government/industry escrow entitites (but not any of the intelligence
organizations themselves) for all their encrypted data storage and
communications traffic and requiring regular GOA compliance reviews.

@_date: 1997-07-20 05:47:30
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: What is Truth? 
The only recent example I can think of is the FCC's decision, led by
Commissioners Ness and Wong, refusing to regulate TV content.

@_date: 1997-07-20 06:27:25
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: hand-held computers Re: Electronic commerce has long way    to go 
Clearly CDPD is too expensive for Web surfing and large amounts of email
traffic.  As an electronic purse for ecash commerce (esp. funds transfer)
it just might be practical
PGP mail preferred, see  RSA Fingerprint: FE 90 1A 95 9D EA 8D 61  81 2E CC A9 A4 4A FB A9

@_date: 1997-07-20 06:31:40
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Verisign gets export approval 
Precisely why there needs to be some hacks, from offshore CP, to enable
anyone to issue "magic certs".  Any volunteers?

@_date: 1997-07-23 02:28:04
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Keepers of the keys 
Speaking of Clinton,
"If Clinton blows anymore smoke up my ass, my sphincter is going to sue
Philip-Morris."  --Dennis Miller

@_date: 1997-07-24 09:42:25
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Rating online content can work 
Since the Supreme Court said the online world should be as free as
print, and no self-labeling system exists for magazines or newspapers,
why should the Net be any different?  I don't believe that a self-rating
system is either practical or desirable.  Enactment of any laws to put
teeth into Internet self-ratings will almost certainly run afoul of
Constitutional challenges, and without such laws compliance and thus
widespread acceptance is unlikely.
Quite full of youself, aren't you Mr. Barr?  I have no doubt that the
definition of what qualifies as a bona fide news organization is in the
eye of the beholder.  I certainly would not class CNET with any of the
major US newspapers, magazines nor the WSJ.  Be careful where you tread,
lest CNET and other Internet Content Coalition members be judged as
relatively no more than garage-shop operations unworthy of the
protections you so clearly covet.
PGP mail preferred, see  RSA PGP Fingerprint: FE 90 1A 95 9D EA 8D 61  81 2E CC A9 A4 4A FB A9

@_date: 1997-07-26 01:34:21
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: CCTV Cameras in Britain 
300,000 CCTV surveillance cameras in public areas, housing estates, car
parks, public facilities, phone booths, vending machines, buses,
trains, taxis, alongside motorways and inside Automatic Teller (ATM)
Machines. Originally installed to deter burglary, assault and car
theft, in practice most camera systems have been used to combat
'anti-social behavior'. including many such minor offenses as
littering, urinating in public, traffic violations, obstruction,
drunkenness, and evading meters in town parking lots. They have also
been widely used to intervene in other 'undesirable' behavior such as
underage smoking and a variety of public order transgressions. Other
innovative uses are constantly being discovered.
commercial areas. Crime statistics rarely reflect that crime may merely
be pushed from these high value commercial areas into low rent
residential areas. Richard Thomas, Acting Deputy Chief Constable for
Gwent, in his interview with 20/20, said "Certainly the crime goes
somewhere. I don't believe that just because you've got cameras in a
city center that everyone says 'Oh well, we're going to give up crime
and get a job".
respondents expressed concern about several key aspects of visual
surveillance, says Privacy International. More than fifty per cent of
people felt neither government nor private security firms should be
allowed to make decisions to allow the installation of CCTV in public
places. Seventy-two per cent agreed "these cameras could easily be
abused and used by the wrong people". Thirty-nine per cent felt that>people
who are in control of these systems could not be "completely
trusted to use them only for the public good". Thirty-seven per cent
felt that "in the future, cameras will be used by the government to
control people". They already have. British CCTV surveillance systems
were used by the Chinese government at Tienamen Square to suppress the
student Democracy movement.
tip of the technological iceberg. It is already far too late to prevent
the invasion of surveillance and database systems which are getting
faster, smarter, and cheaper every year. Innovation and miniaturization
have created systems which can take pictures through the walls of your
building and record every sound you make with satellites and blast the
information to the other side of the world in a millisecond.  Computers
may already hold the financial, educational, medical and DNA records of
each and every one of us. If not, they soon will. Strangers may already
be collecting information on our whereabouts and cruising through our
most personal information with impunity. We may have already created a
world in which nothing is private.
against the abuse of private data? Must we accept that the mightiest
individuals and institutions cannot be held accountable, and there is
no use in trying? Or do we simply acquiesce, and accept that privacy is
an outdated concept when cheap technology makes everyone vulnerable,
wolves and lambs alike? The choices are not easy, but in the words of
David Brin, "asking questions can be a good first step".
It is true that many countries and many US states (e.g., California)
prohibit certain forms of dress.  The logic seems to be that the state has
a more significant interest in public safety than citizens do in their
apparel.  It is noteworthy that, in the US, the wearing of masks is
tolerated during Halloween.  Also, Moslem woman aren't forced to disrobe or
uncover their heads.  I'm confident that if a new-age religeous sect took
to wearing masks it would be difficult for law enforcement, at least in the
US, to overcome.

@_date: 1997-06-05 04:05:49
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Who "invented" remailers? 
At FC '97 Jim McCoy gave a presentation on a significant upgrade to
anonymizer-type remailers.  At the time Jim said is was only a few months
from a testable system.  I haven't heard anything since then.  Perhaps
Lucky knows or Jim will chime in.

@_date: 1997-06-05 10:05:12
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Profanity, PCS phones, and FCC 
A 'nudda example of unenforceable laws which undermine respect for lawfull
autority by making all bruddas criminals.

@_date: 1997-06-05 13:48:35
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: McVeigh is not the issue! 
Traveler ID is not 'required', however if you don't possess a government
issued ID and/or have paid for your ticket via cash within 48 hours of
departure expect some delays in your travel and a through search of your
Yes, they are and the Feds are tip-toeing around the matter ever so lightly
so as not to have the ACLU on their case.

@_date: 1997-06-06 03:16:06
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: McVeigh is not the issue! 
It is illegal to present forged government identification for matters
involving goverment business or commercial business regulated by federal
laws requiring such ID (e.g., purchase of cigarettes), but should it be
illegal to present forged government IDs in other circumstances when no
government regulation requires their presentation (the points regarding
contractual agreement not withstanding)?  I agree that airlines should be
able to condition travel based on requisite identification, but I believe I
should be able to present forged identifiction with no possibility of
criminal presecution.
PGP mail preferred
Fingerprint: FE 90 1A 95 9D EA 8D 61  81 2E CC A9 A4 4A FB A9
Key available on BAL server,

@_date: 1997-06-06 07:30:24
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Founding Fathers & Federalism 
Joseph Sobran
Founding fathers thought the federal government should be kept on a short leash
The word "federalism" is enjoying a new vogue these days, as Republicans
promise to give power "back to the states." But the way the power is given
"back" has little to do with what the founding fathers meant by
In the current welfare reform bill, for example, the states are given power
to regulate welfare programs, but with strings attached. The power is
to come from the federal government, which supposedly "grants" it to the
This is a reversal of what our ancestors meant by federalism - namely, that
the states were the source of the federal government's powers. The states,
through the Constitution, "delegated" a few carefully specified powers to
the federal government. Whatever wasn't delegated was "reserved" to the
states and the
The federal government was supposed to be kept on a short leash, lest it
claim powers never given to it. Today it routinely claims countless powers
unmentioned in the Constitution. When a national health-care program is
proposed, for example, we no longer ask the basic question: Just where does
the Constitution grant this power?
Answer: Nowhere. Then how did the federal government acquire so many
unlisted powers? By the insidious process of "consolidation," which the
Constitution was meant to prevent. So why didn't the Constitution prevent
it? Because the federal government systematically reinterpreted the
Constitution in its own favor.
In the 1798 Kentucky Resolutions, Thomas Jefferson warned that the federal
government must never be allowed to become the final arbiter of the extent
of its own powers. His warning was disregarded. Eventually the Supreme
Court was allowed to treat the Constitution as a "living document" - one
whose meaning was not fixed but fluid, alterable at the discretion of those
currently in power. Of course this defeats the whole purpose of a
Constitution, or indeed any written law.
What would a truly federal system look like? The possibilities are
infinite. If the states were permitted to keep their individuality, we
might have a checkerboard of socialist and free economies, instead of a
single "mixed" economy imposed on all. Americans who preferred a welfare
state, even if it meant higher taxes, might move to New York; Americans who
preferred laissez-faire might migrate to Texas.
In the long run, the states that imposed too many burdens on their citizens
would lose population, business and finally tax monies to freer states. A
federal system would create a sort of "market" in states, with citizens as
consumers choosing among them.
To the founders it was axiomatic, that government should be limited not
only in the number of powers it exercised, but in the extent of territory
it ruled. The small and local were preferable to the vast and national. If
one state or local government should exceed its proper powers, citizens
should be able to escape it without leaving the continent.
"Federalism" has come to sound complex, abstract and technical. But it's a
simple principle: Keep power as local as possible. Give a central
government very few powers, and hold it strictly to them.
The idea will become vivid to anyone who reads the Federalist Papers, the
writings of the Anti-Federalists, the works of Jefferson, and of course the
Constitution itself. The whole debate over ratifying the Constitution
revolved around the question whether the federal government, given a few
powers, would proceed to "usurp" more power - tyrannical power.
All sides in the ratification debate would have agreed that the federal
government should never be permitted to reach, or even approach, the size
scope it has achieved in the late 20th century. The chief difference
between the Federalists and the Anti-Federalists is that the Federalists
insisted that it could never happen under the Constitution. History has
proved the Anti-Federalists right.
It's a scandal that so few realize this. It's also an indictment of our
educational system, which blandly purveys the view that America's history
has been one of smooth continuity and "progress." The more the Constitution
is disregarded, the more we're assured that it's being "fulfilled."
The remedy isn't private militias. It's guerrilla education, to ensure that our
children learn what the schools won't teach them.
Joseph Sobran is a syndicated columnist.
PGP mail preferred
Fingerprint: FE 90 1A 95 9D EA 8D 61  81 2E CC A9 A4 4A FB A9
Key available on BAL server,

@_date: 1997-06-06 07:39:14
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Kill the children! 
The only newspaper article I've read about such matters was written about
three months ago by Joseph Sobran(sp?).  He's a regular libertarian pundent
in the Las Vegas Review Journal's Sunday edition, and certainly not
mainstream.  If 60-minutes, or an equivalent TV journal, would have the
nerve to carry such a segment it might open quite a few eyes which will
otherwise remain closed.
PGP mail preferred
Fingerprint: FE 90 1A 95 9D EA 8D 61  81 2E CC A9 A4 4A FB A9
Key available on BAL server,

@_date: 1997-06-10 23:37:28
@_author: Deborah Stewart 
@_subject: Thoughtcrime (Re: My War) 
No, the true enemy are the law makers which pander to the censors, ignoring
the constitution and the judicial which interpret the constitution to suit
the times and the mob.  Jim Bell was right!

@_date: 1997-06-11 08:32:29
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Thoughtcrime   (Re: My War) 
I call bullshit on this whole line of reasoning!
All prohibition of speech should be based on the judgement of whether or
not specific individiuals (not general groups or socienty at large) can be
reasonably be deduced to be at immediate risk or be harmed from that speech.
I find lust to be a noble urge.
What happens when you sell high-power autos to immature consumers which can
only be used as promoted by traveling at speeds well in excess of safe?
Following this line of reasoning, isn't it appropriate that any
attractive/exciting experience which gets the adreneline pumping (with the
possibility for abuse and injury to third-parties) be regulated?
I think some families in Oklahoma City may disagree.
Now you've transgressed from speech to possession.
Regulated or banned?  I find war to be the best such example, but we still
have massive armies and a military-industrial complex don't we?
Can you back up this assertion with clinical data?
I believe it means you are a wanna-be Libertarian.

@_date: 1997-06-11 10:24:23
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: [CONTROVERSIAL]: A Defense of Terrorism 
"Nothing distinguishes more clearly conditions in a free country from those
in a country under arbitrary government than the observance in the former
of the great principles known as the Rule of Law. Stripped of all
technicalities, this means that government in all its actions is bound by
rules fixed and announced beforehand-rules which make it possible to
foresee with fair certainty how the authority will use its coercive powers
in given circumstances and to plan one's individual affairs on the basis of
this knowledge."
exposition by A. V. Dicey in "The Law of the Constitution" (8th ed.), p.
198, the Rule of Law "means, in the first place the absolute supremacy or
predominance of regular law as opposed to the influence of arbitrary power,
and excludes the existence of arbitrariness, of prerogative, or even of
wide discretionary authority on the part of government."

@_date: 1997-06-11 10:25:05
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: BAD ADVICE WARNING from Kent: Access to Storage andCommunication 
Well encrypted data is, by definition, incompressible.  Data compression
is, for this reason, always preformed prior to encryption.
PGP mail preferred
Fingerprint: FE 90 1A 95 9D EA 8D 61  81 2E CC A9 A4 4A FB A9
Key available on BAL server,

@_date: 1997-06-12 12:18:53
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Thoughtcrime   (Re: My War) 
Only if the risk is immediate.
My ideas originate above my limbic system.
Then you've undoubtedly removed yourself from the gene pool ;-)
None that wouldn't adversely impact legitimate activities.
I don't have any problem with sales high-performance autos, or for that
matter possession of substances or machanisms as long as any citizen who
can demonstrate (anonymously) to a regulatory agency that they understand
the use of such items can keep them.
No, but I think those who suggest such restrictions should be forced to
personally fund such research.
Liberty never given its won or taken.
Self-control is too nebulous, for me I prefer responsibility.
Ideas are not protected speech, since they only exist in the mind, only
expressions are protected.  As I stated earlier, all expressions (however
objectionable they may be to some or many members of society) deserve
protection, unless they immediately threaten (or server to incite others to
threaten) the physical well being of specific individuals or groups.  Porn
and instructions for making conventional or weapons of mass distruction
should not be regulated.

@_date: 1997-06-13 23:38:20
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Thoughtcrime   (Re: My War) 
Yep.  I have the right, because I have the ability, to think anything I
wish. But as soon as I reduce that idea, for example a patent, to a
tangible form the state has deemed it their domain to regulate it, but only
so far as the property aspect is concerned.  But they shouldn't from a
freedom of expression standpoint.
PGP mail preferred
Fingerprint: FE 90 1A 95 9D EA 8D 61  81 2E CC A9 A4 4A FB A9

@_date: 1997-06-16 12:21:55
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Current wording of SAFE criminal use provision 
Sec. 2805. Unlawful use of encryption in furtherance of a criminal act
       `Any person who, in the commission of a felony under a criminal
statute of the United States, knowingly and willfully encrypts
incriminating communications or information relating to that felony with
the intent to conceal such communications or information for the purpose of
avoiding detection by law enforcement agencies or prosecution--
imprisoned for not more than 5 years, or
              fined
              `(2) in the case of a second or subsequent offense under this
section, shall be imprisoned for not more

@_date: 1997-06-16 12:29:08
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Do reporters have special rights the rest of us don't have? 
Subsequent court rulings have left somewhat unclear the meaning of
"well-regulated militia".  At the present this appears to mean citizens, in
I can't agree with "the security of a free State" aspect.  A higher
priority among the signers and states than "the security of a free State"
was freedom.  It was recognized, in the Declaration of Independance, that
it was the people's right to replace government (even through force of
arms) when they felt it had come to tyranny in order ot maintain freedom.
Unjustified to whom?  The State?  How can the state be the best judge of
what is in the best interests of the people in maintaining their freedom?
Seems the State has a conflict of interest and should recuse itself on this

@_date: 1997-06-17 05:21:33
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Homer on Terrorism 
I agree.  It seems a bit like blackmail to me.  These 'consultants' would
have better off having friends buy put options on Netscape stock prior to
the phone call.  Then if Netscape won't pay their price they get the money
from the market when they make the information public, including the source
code.  Spare me the insider trading rants.
PGP mail preferred
Fingerprint: FE 90 1A 95 9D EA 8D 61  81 2E CC A9 A4 4A FB A9

@_date: 1997-06-17 07:00:12
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: How much you lose under Social Security -- socialsecurity.org 
What's the difference?  The SSA fund just has IOUs in it now and is being
funded from current revenue.  For those who do well in the market, don't
give them any SSA.  For those who invest poorly, use general revenue to
keep them off the street.  If the market collapses and most lose their
shirts how is this any different than the comming debacle.

@_date: 1997-06-19 10:09:32
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Bob quoted in DowJones Markets magazine 
"Atoms to Bits: The Future of Money," in the June/July edition of Markets
magazine (page 17), appears to have an unattributed quote from our very own
Bob Hettinga:
PGP mail preferred
Fingerprint: FE 90 1A 95 9D EA 8D 61  81 2E CC A9 A4 4A FB A9

@_date: 1997-06-21 01:50:41
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Fw: Advance Bank launches ecash 
The URL was missing a ':' after the http, otherwise worked fine for me.
I suspect there are slight differences, but will need to confirm, between
Advance's mint protocol and MT.  If I understand correctly, they use a
somewhat different customer authentication procedure (PIN).  Even so, it
should have all the same anonymity features (or lack thereof) of MT ecash.
It isn't clear to me, from their lengthy regulation list, whether a
non-Australian can open an account.
Several items of interest.
1. No Mac support.  This is an opportunity for a non-Digicash purse.
2. Fee schedule.  Advance plans to charge a 0.5% discount to funds entering
the mint, like traveller's checks.  Either banking competition must be
different in Australia or they know something I don't.  This would probably
not fly in the US under current competitive conditions.
PGP mail preferred
Fingerprint: FE 90 1A 95 9D EA 8D 61  81 2E CC A9 A4 4A FB A9

@_date: 1997-06-21 05:32:00
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Senator Bryan on S. 909 
I just spoke with Andy Vermillye, Senator Bryan's staffer that handles the
encryption issue.
When I enquired regarding the Bryan's crypto views, Andy thought the
Senator's primary reason for voting in favor of the bill was his
Intelligence Committe briefings.  I gave him a very brief rant regarding
the Four Horseman and related my experience in dealing with intelligence
agencies (while at TRW), and why they shouldn't be trusted with laws which
so easily trample on our right to free speech. Andy admitted he was not
very knowledgable regarding crypto.
I told him I had spent considerable time and money in establishing First
ECache and that many of the bill's provisions, if left in their current
form, would prevent my company's function.  I said further that, Nevada and
the Senator are trying to attract high-tech industries to Nevada, but if
this bill passes I would be forced to move the business offshore instead of
creating high-paying Nevada jobs.
Andy said I was the only Nevada company to call regarding the bill, but
that a half dozen others (mostly large companies) all called in opposition.
PGP mail preferred
Fingerprint: FE 90 1A 95 9D EA 8D 61  81 2E CC A9 A4 4A FB A9

@_date: 1997-06-21 05:46:31
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Courts strike down New York and Georgia Net-censorship laws 
Might this also mean that states attempting to restrict Internet gaming
might similarly be restrained?
PGP mail preferred
Fingerprint: FE 90 1A 95 9D EA 8D 61  81 2E CC A9 A4 4A FB A9

@_date: 1997-06-21 06:22:16
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: New Laws in Oregon - "Land of the Legal betatest" 
One reason this is occuring is that there is no direct consequence to the
legislators.  In those states which have referendums and where legislators
waste  taxpayers money by enacting a stream of laws which are subsequently
ruled unconstitutional, why don't libertarians propose a law which would
financially penalize those congressrats which voted in favor of passage.
I'm sure it will be tough to write something which itself will pass
constitutional muster, but think of the headlines!
PGP mail preferred
Fingerprint: FE 90 1A 95 9D EA 8D 61  81 2E CC A9 A4 4A FB A9

@_date: 1997-06-21 12:20:26
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Courts strike down New York and Georgia Net-censorship laws 
Seems to me that community standards ahould only be applied when the
violation occurs completely within the confines of the local jurisdiction,
not via requested transmission from another jurisdiction.
PGP mail preferred
Fingerprint: FE 90 1A 95 9D EA 8D 61  81 2E CC A9 A4 4A FB A9

@_date: 1997-06-23 07:43:08
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: CP uses for the PGP 5.0 source 
With the on-line availability of PGP 5.0 source code expected any day,
perhaps the group should consider what CP goals can now be made practical.
Hopefully, PGP will not object to CP uses.  I submit the following as CP
projects which could be substantially eased by the source code:
EMAIL PLUG-INS
PGP 5.0 contains some very good code examples for creating email plug-ins
for Microsoft Exchange for Windows 95 and Windows NT 4.0, Microsoft Outlook
for Windows 95 and Windows NT 4.0, Eudora Pro/Light for Windows 95, Windows
NT 4.0, Macintosh, Claris Emailer for Mac only.  For cross-platform ease, I
suggest we tackle the Eudora emailers, which have a well defined API, first.
1. Remailer:  One reason remailers haven't been as popular as we've hoped
is the need to operate separate, sometime difficult to use, remailer client
software.  By integrating these and other functions into plug-ins, creation
of persistant identities and integration with key generation and management
can be simplified.
2. Digital postage: CPs can gain the high-ground in the battle for handling
the SPAM problem by offering plug-ins which enforce restrictions on
incoming mail using digital postage.  Two postage approaches have been
discussed on the CP lists: ecash and hashcash.  I suggest that the plug-ins
offer both d-postage forms.
Hashcash is eligent in its simplicity and its lack of a required central
clearing facility. Hascash-based d-postage could also seed the development
of commercial distributed computing Net industry, as SPAMers elect to
purchase hashcash rather than generating it themselves-the idea isn't to
eliminate SPAM, just place it on similar economic footing with junk
snailmail. Adam Back has already done a considerable amount of
investigation of ways to implement hascash (See
ECash could really supply an economic shot in the arm for remailers, making
possible commercial (read profitable) remailers.  It will also offer a
ready-made market for accountless ecash, which will be available soon.
Jeremey Barrett's higher level ecash API should greatly simplify ecash
PGP mail preferred
Fingerprint: FE 90 1A 95 9D EA 8D 61  81 2E CC A9 A4 4A FB A9

@_date: 1997-06-23 10:19:46
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Sources for stego images, was re: Laying PipeNet 
There are plenty of Net-cams watching traffic or sunsets around the world.
Since these images tend to change a bit from frame to frame they could
cheaply and reliably provide the sorts of images which are ideal for stego.
I'm not sure if you can frame-grab from such a changing Web page with the
current browser features, but this should be a significant hurdle.
PGP mail preferred
Fingerprint: FE 90 1A 95 9D EA 8D 61  81 2E CC A9 A4 4A FB A9

@_date: 1997-06-26 06:38:37
@_author: Deborah Stewart 
@_subject: Bomb Making Info to be Illegal 
When the DOJ looked at this issue in detail they came to the conclusion
that the  regulations could only be tightened, and not run afoul of the
First Amendment, if very carefully crafted.  In the final form it only
prohibits the teaching of bombmaking for criminal purposes. It's not clear
to me that the bill will restrict such material on the net, unless they
inplies criminal use. See:  What's not clear to me, and I wish someone would explain, is how the SC
managed to find pornography not similarly protected speech.  Arms and
munitions can be as arousing for some (e.g., Dr. Strangelove) as sex is for
PGP mail preferred
Fingerprint: FE 90 1A 95 9D EA 8D 61  81 2E CC A9 A4 4A FB A9

@_date: 1997-06-27 00:29:11
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Bomb Making Info to be Illegal 
I can't see that anyone, including the courts, should use redeeming social
value as a yardstick.  This term has all the hateful aspects of one group's
mores being used to limit the freedom of their neighbor in the privacy of
their home and thoughts.  After all, one man's ceiling is another man's
What if we create religion who's practice requires use and possesion of
child porn?  Wonder how the SC would rule, given its rulings allowing use
of peyote by certain native American tribes and against the Mormons on the
issue of bigemy.
I think resistance to such limitations should go beyond legal avenues.
PGP mail preferred
Fingerprint: FE 90 1A 95 9D EA 8D 61  81 2E CC A9 A4 4A FB A9

@_date: 1997-06-27 09:30:37
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: ATMs a better target (was: breaking RSA in hardware) 
Seems that unless future crypto breaks compromise something everybody can
appreciate, they be little lasting PR value.
Colin Plumb, colin at nyx.net, said
aroud use DES to protect the PIN.  With ine key sealed in tamper-proof.
Wouldn't *that* be a fun key to have?
info to get a 16-character hex string.  Some 4 nybbles of that, reduced
mod 10 (so 0-5 are more likely than 6-9) are the "master PIN".
to allow programmable PINs.  But most cards ship with the offset set
to 0 and the default PIN is the master PIN.
ATM cards to mag stripe readers.  The work would be somewhat greater
since you need to do multiple decryptions to get a full validation;
you'd need to do weed out the impossible in stages.
PINs from stolen ATM cards) are worth it, but it would sure raise
a ruckus...
The crack project should publish all schematics and source prior to the
project start and the key server should definitely be offshore, since US
regulatory agencies might step in to prevent the experiment from reaching
its conclusion.
I think one of the list's lawyers should investigate the legal risks to the
participants.  I have an account I'm willing to donate for the experiment.
PGP mail preferred
Fingerprint: FE 90 1A 95 9D EA 8D 61  81 2E CC A9 A4 4A FB A9

@_date: 1997-06-29 04:55:57
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Bomb-making instructions.... 
See or  for a good copy of
The Terrorist's Handbook.

@_date: 1997-06-29 04:59:19
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Bomb-making instructions.... 
Especially chlorates, perchlorates, fulminates and azides.
You want something which isn't shock sensitive.
If someone is going to write such a book it should include good
instructions for fuel-air explosives.  These can be little more than a
container of gasoline atop a small hig-explosive charge to atomisze,
disperse and ignite the fuel.  They can produce incredible pressure waves
from relatively small amounts of material.
PGP mail preferred
Fingerprint: FE 90 1A 95 9D EA 8D 61  81 2E CC A9 A4 4A FB A9

@_date: 1997-05-03 13:17:54
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Bombs Away, from The Netly News Network 
Probably Paladin Press. Publisher of such notables, as Hit Man: A technical
manual for independent contractors, a semi-fictional work with lots of
details (written by an anonymous woman, BTW).  See
PGP mail preferred
Fingerprint: FE 90 1A 95 9D EA 8D 61  81 2E CC A9 A4 4A FB A9
Key available on BAL server,

@_date: 1997-05-03 13:29:50
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Privacy news: Oakland Cameras 
Physically damaging the camera works, but can get you jail time.  A better
solution, if you have a nearby office window facing the cameras, is to use
a near-infrared laser (<$100) and blind camera.  A strong IR signal will
easily overwhelm the AGC circuit and cause the camera to behave as if its
pointed into the sun.  All video cameras contain an IR block, but it
generally isn't sharp enough to cut off an 850 nm diode laser.
PGP mail preferred
Fingerprint: FE 90 1A 95 9D EA 8D 61  81 2E CC A9 A4 4A FB A9
Key available on BAL server,

@_date: 1997-05-03 23:24:46
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Layoffs at PGP 
First ECache is seeking a qualified individual to head e-cash related
development.  Company is headquarted in Las Vegas, but candidate would
ideally be located in SV.
PGP mail preferred
Fingerprint: FE 90 1A 95 9D EA 8D 61  81 2E CC A9 A4 4A FB A9
Key available on BAL server,

@_date: 1997-05-04 00:04:08
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Flying - A-10 follow-up 
Corkum D Capt        2OSS/OSTC "Both the A-10's transponder and the autopilot appeared to have been turned
off.  Perhaps there is a simple technical explanation why no one noticed
anything at first."
Let me try and fill in a few of the holes for non-flyers:
When aircraft fly in close formation typically only the lead aircraft has a
transponder turned on.  This is due to limitations with Air Traffic Control
(ATC) systems.  These systems are designed to prevent two aircraft from
getting too close together thereby preventing possible midair collisions.
Unfortunately the computers can't distinguish between aircraft that are on
a collision course and aircraft in formation that are intentionally close
together.  For this reason ATC operators often request wingmen to turn off
their transponders.
Once the A-10 dropped back he was not easily visible to the lead aircraft
who would be concentrating on entering the bombing range, working
coordination with ATC and the range controllers etc.  Inside the range ATC
no longer   maintains operational control of the aircraft and would not be
following any of the aircraft directly.
The first indication of the aircraft missing would be a failure of the
wingman to respond to a radio call.  When this happened it would first be
assumed that he was on the wrong frequency.  The lead aircraft would try to
find him on another frequency, then attempt to call him on the emergency
frequency "Guard".  When this failed the lead would likely assume that the
wingman had radio problems and would attempt to locate him visually. Only
after he failed to locate him visually would he begin to worry that
something happened.  His first   thought would be that the aircraft had a
major malfunction such as complete loss of electrical power, that forced
the pilot to abort the mission and return to base, but also prevented him
from calling to the lead aircraft.  The other
possibility would be that the aircraft was down due to pilot error or
aircraft malfunction.  The idea that the wingman simply took the aircraft
would likely never occur to the lead pilot.
The lead pilot at this point would abort his mission and attempt to
ascertain what happened to his wingman. He would contact ATC and ask if
they had  transponder track on the aircraft or reports of an aircraft down.
He would also perform a visual search of the area and attempt to call back
to the home base to see if they knew what happened.  By this time the rogue
pilot may have been gone for at least 30 minutes and was actually 200 miles
The reason ATC could not track him is a technical issue.  Modern ATC radars
rely primarily on the aircraft transponder to provide location and altitude
information.  The actual radar returns "know as raw data" are only used as
a secondary means to track aircraft when their transponders have failed.
This must be performed manually since the computer has no way to
distinguish one radar return from another without the transponder.   This
method is only used when an ATC controller knows an aircraft transponder
has failed and must be
manually tracked.  Since the A-10 was not supposed to have his transponder
on, no-one would notice when he broke formation.  Only after the fact when
the FAA reviewed the taped radar returns were they able to piece together
the likely course of the A-10.
I hope this explained some of the more technical reasons for what happened.
David Corkum
PGP mail preferred
Fingerprint: FE 90 1A 95 9D EA 8D 61  81 2E CC A9 A4 4A FB A9
Key available on BAL server,

@_date: 1997-05-05 04:41:41
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Bypassing the Digicash Patents 
Although I stongly share your overall beliefs in the superiority of digital
bearer certificates (DBC), I am much less certain about the intrinsic
financial cost differentials.
Let's first consider credit cards (CCs). Consumers using CCs, if they
choose their bank/agent carefully and settle their monthly statements in
full and promptly, pay nothing (directly) for the priviledge of using the
cards.  One can argue that merchants build the cost of their CC transaction
clearance costs into their price structure and therefore every patron,
whether using cash or CC, pay for the costs of CC usage (few merchants
offer cash discounts).  Most walk-in retail merchants, in good standing,
pay about 2% in discount (fees).  On-line and mail order merchants pay
about 3% as do those with a higher rate of chargebacks and/or in grey
businesses (e.g., on-line gaming and adult entertainment).  These fees
represent the costs of operating the CC clearing system (MC, VISA, AMEX,
etc.) the bank's overhead and profit.
Now let's look at Automatic Clearing House (ACH). ACH is a Federal Reserve
service offered by 18,000 financial institutions to 40,000 corporations and
generating 2.5 billion transaction per year.  It is used by business to pay
employees (automatic payroll deposit), automatic debt of consumer checking
accounts (periodic payments) and business-to-business transactions (a
primitive EDI). Costs of the service are born entirely by the business and
rates vary considerably, depending upon volume and depth of business
relationship with the bank or service company (e.g., ADP) and how much of
the ACH pre-process work is automated or performed by the business.
Charges are generally below $0.25 per transaction.
The amount of back office processing required for ACH is not inherently
different than for CCs.  However, there is a significant difference in
amount of marketing and distribution costs.  It is not unusual for a bank
to pay $50-60 to acquire a new CC customer.  Compared to the massive CC
consumer branding campaigns, there's not much marketing overhead in ACH.
Whereas ACH is highly automated and all report generation is already
included in the checking account fees (both business and consumer), CCs are
often an additional and costly overhead.  This is one reason the larger
banks have been moving to integrate their consumer relationships into a
single monthly statement (e.g., Citibank's "CitiOne").  When clients are
convinced that electronic statements over the Net are acceptable this
overhead will shrink considerably for both services, but will not be
anywhere near zero.  Will DBC systems will have lower marketing costs than
CC or ACH serving similar customer bases and applications?  I think not.
Indeed, the case could be made that in order for DBC to gain widespread
acceptance over ACH or CC marketing expeditures might need to be
It is not clear that the back office costs of running a mint are any
cheaper than a book-entry system (e.g., control and auditing requirements
to meet Generally Accepted Accounting Principles and establish/maintain
trust) and you still need the book-entry system to occassionally transfer
value; to the extent that digital bearer certificates become accepted as
legal tender costs should decline, but the regulatory issues increase.
However, the ACH and CC system's prices reflect the substantial Fed and CC
backbone cost and profit to run their private networks, and it is here that
costs for on-line digital bearer certificate systems will have and edge for
some time.
When one combines the transactional economic advantages of DBC: no customer
accounts, statement generation, little or no need for dispute resolution
and the economies of using the Net for settlement, with the still
considerable marketing costs, the likely differential between DBC and
CC/ACH is closer to one order of magnitude at best.  This is still
considerable, however, and if properly branded and marketed could
significantly displace current competition, for lower value transactions.
The overhead of CC discounts is keenly watched by merchants.  If a trusted
DBC issuer/agent offered 1.0% fees (especially to on-line merchants) it
would get noticed quickly.
PGP mail preferred
Fingerprint: FE 90 1A 95 9D EA 8D 61  81 2E CC A9 A4 4A FB A9
Key available on BAL server,

@_date: 1997-05-05 07:41:45
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Ebonics: The Finale 
Oakland school officials drop ebonics references
Associated Press
OAKLAND, Calif.-The Oakland public schools African American Task Force has
dropped all references to ebonies in a final report about improving
education for black students.
The district caused a national controversy four months ago when it
suggested that ebonies, or black English, was a second language that is
"genetically based."
The final report, obtained by The Oakland Tribune, still emphasizes
improving black students' language skills, but it makes no reference to
There is also no reference to black students speaking a separate language.
And provisions suggesting the district pursue federal bilingual funding for
black students, as it does for children who speak Spanish or Chinese at
home, have been deleted.
The U S. Department of Education quickly dismissed the latter idea when it
was raised in December.
Instead, the 17-page report calls for better language and reading programs,
additional tests to measure the language skills of students who speak black
English, and expansion of the Standard English Proficiency program.
The task force says the district should aggressively recruit black teachers
and offer help to black teachers who have not passed the state teaching
The task force also recommends hiring a coordinator specifically to improve
the education of black students and a budget of nearly $2 million over five
years to achieve the goals.
The task force's work is an attempt to improve the dismal record of
Oakland's black students. Black students, who represent 53 percent of the
district, make up 71 percent of special education classes, 37 percent of
gifted classes and 80 percent of suspensions.
PGP encrypted mail PREFERRED (See MIT/BAL servers for my PK)
PGP Fingerprint: FE 90 1A 95 9D EA 8D 61  81 2E CC A9 A4 4A FB A9

@_date: 1997-05-06 10:30:44
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Bypassing the Digicash Patents 
If I grant that you're right that DBCs will be 3-4 orders of magnitude
cheaper than the book-entry approaches, and I'm ready yet, there is still
the issue of whether such savings can be quickly passed on to the merchant
and consumer, and thus spark this revoltion.
Consider this, if a DBC-based system were to garner 3% (about what it might
take to get noticed by the consumer, retail and business markets) of the
GDP's $4 trillion in transactions, or about $120 billion, and the
transaction fees were $0.0025, this would generate about $300 million in
fees.  This is about what Western Union International generates in fees, a
very respectable sized business.  But how much marketing and branding
expenditures would it take to get there?  All financial products which
attempted to reach a broad market and have a significant impact have
required, in the past, significant up-front marketing expenses (VISA
succeeded because BankAmericard spent in the $10s million per year range).
Unless the Net will enable a 3-4 orders of magnitude reduction in such
expenses, amounting to an historic bootstrap, it is difficult to see how
this will occur without a white knight.
A similar situation is occuring in cellular.  Prices are plummeting because
many new companies are building out competitive PCS networks and forward
pricing their services to gain market share and economies of scale.  These
new players have deep pockets (or are backed by those with deep pockets).
To wrench away the bank and credit card francshise from the established
players may require similar sized investments.
PGP mail preferred
Fingerprint: FE 90 1A 95 9D EA 8D 61  81 2E CC A9 A4 4A FB A9
Key available on BAL server,

@_date: 1997-05-11 00:54:24
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: One-Time Pads as Attack Method 
All the more reason to use a good disk encryption program to keep private
as muc of you disk as possible (under CryptDisk/PGPDisk its everything but
the System Folder).
PGP mail preferred
Fingerprint: FE 90 1A 95 9D EA 8D 61  81 2E CC A9 A4 4A FB A9
Key available on BAL server,

@_date: 1997-05-11 01:01:36
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Wine Politics Again! 
Why not also include a bottle of Thunderbird for Chiles?
PGP encrypted mail PREFERRED (See MIT/BAL servers for my PK)
PGP Fingerprint: FE 90 1A 95 9D EA 8D 61  81 2E CC A9 A4 4A FB A9

@_date: 1997-05-16 08:43:47
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Reporting threshold for NY money transfers lowered 
Correct me if I'm wrong, but under current law ecash tokens are neither
legal tender, foreign currency or money transmission instruments.  So, a
merchant exchanging them for legal tender needn't follow these tightened
regulations (i.e., only the $10K limit would still apply).  Of course,
Congress will be busy drafting new regulations if larger transaction use of
ecash starts to take off.
Seems to me that if accountless ecash were sold via a multi-level marketing
approach, where hordes of ordinary citizens would offer to purchase/redeem
the tokens (at a discount for their trouble), it might substitute for these
moneychaning merchants and make an interesting market.  Smaller operators
could deposit the funds in their demand deposit accounts or sell to
Aggregators who would offer to take any CTR related heat. Aggregators could
maintain that they are merely treating the tokens they purchase as a
commodity, they have no legal tender basis.
PGP mail preferred
Fingerprint: FE 90 1A 95 9D EA 8D 61  81 2E CC A9 A4 4A FB A9
Key available on BAL server,

@_date: 1997-05-16 22:41:58
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Reporting threshold for NY money transfers lowered 
I believe the proper term is jobber.  Don't help the gubbermint assign new
'biased' terms (mediaspeak) to those which are well established.
PGP mail preferred
Fingerprint: FE 90 1A 95 9D EA 8D 61  81 2E CC A9 A4 4A FB A9
Key available on BAL server,

@_date: 1997-05-19 04:02:34
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Crypto, C4 Explosives, and Destroying the Infrastructure 
Any intelligent terrorist knows that explosives are old hat.
Perhaps this is an opportunity for CPs to join in and re-write the book
with a more factual basis and outcome, are re-publish on-line.  I volunteer
to OCR.

@_date: 1997-05-19 04:07:48
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: PGP 5.0 beta problem 
Have any other Mac CPs tried using verion 5.0 with CryptDisk?  When the
PGPMenus extension is installed any attempt to open an encrypted volume
generates a "Not enough memory to mount disk" message.  I ahve pleanty of
RAM abd suspect a lack of System memory (e.g., stack space).

@_date: 1997-05-19 08:37:50
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Nature of Anarchy/ Anarchy of Nature 
Even better, "The Road to Surfdom," F.A. Hayek, totally debunks the basis
of a planned economy and how the loss of property ownership and economic
freedom leads directly and inevitably to totalitarianism.
PGP mail preferred
Fingerprint: FE 90 1A 95 9D EA 8D 61  81 2E CC A9 A4 4A FB A9
Key available on BAL server,

@_date: 1997-05-20 00:34:03
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Mail bombs from "helpful" Cypherpunks 
It does.  If you use the above method for preventing uncontrolled download
(whch I do) and if you also check the "trash attachments with message"
option from the  "Settings" menu, large attachments can be prevented from
download and deleted from the host.
PGP mail preferred
Fingerprint: FE 90 1A 95 9D EA 8D 61  81 2E CC A9 A4 4A FB A9
Key available on BAL server,

@_date: 1997-05-20 06:44:36
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Incorporating in Nevada 
While doing research for incorporation, I came across some interesting
information regarding how Nevada's laws are more corporate friendly (see
small attachment). Interestingly, one need not be a Nevada resident to
incorporate (there are a slew of Nevada companies waiting to create and
"publically" operate the corporation on your anonymous behalf).
PGP mail preferred
Fingerprint: FE 90 1A 95 9D EA 8D 61  81 2E CC A9 A4 4A FB A9
Key available on BAL server,

@_date: 1997-05-20 12:41:09
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: More on the Jim Bell case 
Nah, he told me that stuff was destroyed long ago ;-)
Can't imagine anyone going the trouble of culturing Anthrax when there's
other simpler to obtain/manufacture and almost as potent CBW agents ;;-)
I impression was that jim didn't use encryption religously ;-(
So did a good portion of this list.
PGP mail preferred
Fingerprint: FE 90 1A 95 9D EA 8D 61  81 2E CC A9 A4 4A FB A9
Key available on BAL server,

@_date: 1997-05-22 06:07:39
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: The USA is the world's biggest terrorist state 
The US is in very real danger of reaping the same sort of maelstrom that
vanquished the Romans.  They were also very powerful, with tentacles
reaching almost to the limits of their known world, before a combination of
internal decay and dissention and reprisal from those vanquished put them
The government's recent emphasis on terrorism is apt since they have
created so many enemies of ethnic, political, religious and social groups.
Even paranoids have enemies.  The internal threat is not near as great as
they portray, but with increased emphasis on suppression and prosecution
rather than addressing the ills, it will likely become a self-fulfilling
prophesy.  However, addressing the complaints of these militias is not
under consideration because it would undo the very fabric of Federal
jurisdictional excesses which provide the government's power base.
Economics and the freedom, or lack, it entails is key.  One reason our
political system doesn't work is the Fed's right to tax internal economic
activity as opposed to the excise taxes it was originally granted.  Too
much money (power) is concentrated in too few representatives who work in
relative isolation (ever try and get a meeting with your rep.) for most of
their term.  If internal taxes could only be levied by states, who then
were free to revenue share what they wished with the Feds (who would submit
their requests and budgets to the states), power might be so diffused as to
make nationwide lobbying too difficult and expensive and there would be a
much closer adherence to local interest.
We appear to be heading straight for a Whiskey Rebellion type showdown.  In
fact, many of the same complaints of retreat from the founding principles,
which were ignored in the 1780-90s, are echoing in the writings and
speeches of today's militia.  In the 1790s it was wealthy and powerful
eastern businessmen, mostly former Torries, who supported Hamilton and
Washington against the frontiersmen.  This time its the military industrial
complex.  This time I hope the resistance is much bettered prepared.

@_date: 1997-05-25 13:34:14
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: More Sky Station Info 
PGP mail preferred
Fingerprint: FE 90 1A 95 9D EA 8D 61  81 2E CC A9 A4 4A FB A9
Key available on BAL server,

@_date: 1997-05-25 14:26:34
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Jim Bell Complaint 
It seems Jim was a might careless leaving sensitive information lying
around unencrypted.  If true he deserves to serve time for criminal

@_date: 1997-05-25 14:31:01
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Beware of encrypted processors bearing gifts... 
The fly in this somewhat "paranoid" ointment is that if it were believeably
rumoured to be true it would set off a stampede to alternate platforms
(Alpha, Power PC, etc.), potentially destroying Intel.  I would not trust
such a platform, but many of the sheeple might until a few high-profile
cases surfaced.
PGP mail preferred
Fingerprint: FE 90 1A 95 9D EA 8D 61  81 2E CC A9 A4 4A FB A9
Key available on BAL server,

@_date: 1997-05-25 14:34:44
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Beware of encrypted processors bearing gifts... 
I don't agree.  Although some in D.C. and elsewhere might push for such
measure they would never pass constitutional muster.  And if they did there
would be enough taking civil disobedient action or greater to thwart such
PGP mail preferred
Fingerprint: FE 90 1A 95 9D EA 8D 61  81 2E CC A9 A4 4A FB A9
Key available on BAL server,

@_date: 1997-05-28 05:03:55
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Judge bans Internet gambling company from operating inMissouri 
As my daddy once said, "Son, follow the money."
Dispite the clearly boogyman media coverage, for example, about teens using
their parent's credit cards to gamble online, all this hand wringing and
posturing by states is merely about trying to prevent competition to their
monopoly gaming franchise.  Although online gaming is strictly in a nascent
stage, the revenue generated by state run or regulated gaming has become
too large and important to state politicians to allow unregulated (i.e.,
taxed) Internet business to muscle in.  Hell, the lotteries are nothing
more than a state franchised number's racket.
The mistake Interactive Gaming and some other online gaming sites have made
is to have any corporate presence in the US.  I guess its a bit of bravado
on the part of these entrepreneurs, mostly American, to "tickle the
dragon's tail" and not expect to get whipped once in a while.
For excellent coverage of this issue, see Glenn Barry's coverage in Rolling
Good Times OnLine's site at PGP mail preferred
Fingerprint: FE 90 1A 95 9D EA 8D 61  81 2E CC A9 A4 4A FB A9
Key available on BAL server,

@_date: 1997-05-29 07:39:08
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Time Magazine: "No Privacy on the Web" (6/2/97) 
This sort of process should work well for compiling the government related
material for the public Distributed Dossier Server
Those living in SF for some time probably remember Feinstein's running
battle with the operator's of the O'Farrell Theater. a pioneer adult
entertainment establishment.  When mayor Dianne tried to crack down on the
O'Farrell, the owners retailiated by posting her private, unlisted, home
number on their marquis.  Almost as soon as she changed it they were able
to obtain the new number.  As I recall it really got under her skin.

@_date: 1997-05-30 08:14:08
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: There's something wrong when I'm a felon under an increasingnumber of 
A non-text attachment was scrubbed...
Name: not available
Type: text/enriched
Size: 951 bytes
Desc: not available
URL:

@_date: 1997-11-02 01:41:55
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Killing those who need killing (fwd) 
Yes, such direct measures by a wronged individual can set the stage for
further lawlessness and should only be undertaken after all reasonable
legal measures within the system have been exhausted.  Justice is, in my
opinion, more important than the survivial of the system, when that system
no longer can deliver justice.  If LEOs feel they can overstep their legal
restraints with impunity, because their superiors won't know or care, or
the courts are very unlikely to punish, then the laws have already become
Yes, and this is exactly what is happening with the dramatic militarization
of enforcement units in unlikely government organizations.
At the time of the American Revolution a similar situation existed.  The
crown set the stage with standing colonial armies paid for by colonial
citizens against their wishes, forced billeting of soldiers in residential
homes, harsh and unjust laws and extridition of accused to England for
trials by non-peers, etc.  It has been widely estimated that only 10-15% of
the colonists participated in the Revolution, most being either loyalists
or too afraid to get involved. Of course, we're a long way from this.
For those who seek the overthrow of order imposed by who they accuse of
ignoring constitutional guarantees, nothing could be better than to manuver
them into ever more blatant and publicized abuses of civil rights.  So long
as instigators carefully chose the battle ground and keep collateral damage
to a minimum, common citizens (with no particular radical bent) will see
through the spin doctors, revealing the true stripes of those with naked
power ambitions and see themselves as possible next targets for abuse.  It
only takes 10-15%.
Personally, I doubt any actions short of those which sucessfully challenge
the ability of the Feds to protect citizens from lawlessness will cause
significant numbers of citizens to reconsider their allegence.
The problems we are facing were largely explored by Alexis de Toqueville in
the first quarter of the 19th century.  He predicted that "tyranny of the
majority",the darker side of democracy, was a possible result of the
American experiment.  Jefferson's solution, frequent revolutions, has
unfortuately been shunned.

@_date: 1997-11-03 04:45:38
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: democracy?! (fwd) 
So, a solution is to encourage (e.g., through technological means) the
break-up of nation-states into smaller geo-political groupings.

@_date: 1997-11-03 04:45:41
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Technology 'secures' gunfire [CNN] 
In late 1994 several members of the Wireless Communication Alliance, an
organization related to Joint Venture Silicon Valley, gave a presentation
on such a system for which they were seeking LE/government funding.  As I
recall the pilot was for East Palo Alto (for those of you not familiar, its
a poor neighborhood, mostly minority, neighborhood between the Hwy 101 and
the Bay).  The wireless infrastructure was proposed to reduce costs to
practical levels by providing an inexpensive link to more centralized
processing. I haven't followed up and don't know if the project went
If reliable and used as presented it could reduce LE response to some
violent crimes. The prospects for misuse are truly scary.

@_date: 1997-10-09 08:32:47
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Anthrax Bombs 
I'm pretty surprised that someone has posted practical steps for obtaining,
culturing. preparation and manufacture of inexpensive aerosol generators.

@_date: 1997-10-14 13:54:36
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Quantum Computing 
Some of the papers on this site don't paint a hopeful picture that quantum
computers will live up to some of its biggest boosters insofar as crypto
and factoring problems are concerned.  For example see:
Others seem down right gleeful:
They all seem to agree that practical quantum computers are still a long
way off.

@_date: 1997-10-14 14:11:02
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Canadian crypto export/re-export rules 
Can anyone point me to a site with accurate and complete information?

@_date: 1997-10-25 01:17:33
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: IW resources 
I was cleaning up my HD when I came across a 43 page PowerPoint presentation by Carlo Kopp called "The E-bomb - A Weapon of Electrical Mass Destruction."  It contains a good amount of technology, use and threat assessment data for this sort of EW device.  Very professional.  It was given at IWC-V 1996.  A good candidate for amateur experimentation ;-)
A little alta-vista search brought up Kopp's home page (with links to the above paper) and a wealth of related material, in particular  the Austrailian Air Forces Year 2025 look in to the future,  with a link to  the US Air Force's Strategic Planning Directorate. Very good IW reading.

@_date: 1997-10-26 07:47:24
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Saving money 
Yes, if "equal opportunities" was a reality then the wealth of your family
would not be an aid nor would the destitution of your family be a
hinderance.  This, of course, is the stuff of socialism.  I suspect that
even if inheritance was banned those from wealthy and connected parents
would see some significant benefit, but probably not as much as those from
families in which good work ethic, self-reliance, savings and investment
were stressed.

@_date: 1997-10-27 09:32:12
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Click HERE for Boy Sex 
Despite the sometimes controversial contents of Usenet feeds it is unlikely
that the Feds will move to put the kabosh on Usenet.  Services, like
Etermity, which merely act as reference engines to simplify Usenet access
are also unlikely to be targeted.  Even services which refresh existing
Usenet feeds to provide persistence may be off-limits, especially if the
articles are encrypted, the service does not possess the key and it is the
client browsers which decrypt and handle the cleartext.
The Feds are undoubtedly honing their skills at traffic analysis for
locating posters and email correspondants of interest.  It is the
cypherpunk role to provide the means to keep the Fed nose from coming under
the privacy tent.
PGP mail preferred, see  	 and
RSA PGP Fingerprint: FE 90 1A 95 9D EA 8D 61  81 2E CC A9 A4 4A FB A9

@_date: 1997-10-29 11:13:36
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Microsoft's CMR Keys 
OK, I'll bite.  Why don't we both escrow $25,000 in MT ecash with a trusted
3rd party, say Lucky, while another party, say TCM judges whether your
private key matches MS' public key.  Winner take all.  All decsion by the
judge are final.

@_date: 1997-10-30 06:03:51
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: apropos list talk and our culture 
Wouldn't it be interesting if someone incited a Net listener/reader to kill
the producer of this "Michael Hays" episode in a "life immitates art"

@_date: 1997-10-30 06:05:11
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Kyl S-474 Anti-Gambling Bill passes committee 
Prediction: this bill will be about as effective as outlawing spring.
About 20% of gamblers are 'problem' types who now regularly game illegally
and could careless about the penalties.  Once all on-line casinos offer
real and 'play-money' wagering and strong crypto it will be neigh
impossible for the Feds to know or prove which players are wagering real
money and therefore gambling.  Once Onion and Crowds routers are
operational and widespread the Feds won't even be able to find the casinos,
and even if they do they may not be able to shut them down (especially if
they are built in a distributed fasion).
PGP mail preferred, see  	 and
RSA Fingerprint: FE 90 1A 95 9D EA 8D 61  81 2E CC A9 A4 4A FB A9

@_date: 1997-10-31 01:14:27
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Killing those who need killing (fwd) 
Perhaps, but is being a sociopath that bad?  When those who administer the
justice system in society are out-of-control, or have consciously decided
to ignore the constitutional protections they are charged with upholding
then strong, extra-legal, measures may be called for in order to right the
apple cart.
"Those who prefer security over liberty deserve neither."

@_date: 1997-10-31 01:17:28
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Terrorism is a NON-THREAT (fwd) 
No amount of deaths are adequate cause for suspending the constitutional
rights of our citizens.  If the Feds can't adequately protect our citizens
from criminal activities w/o trampling on our rights then its time for us
to reorganize into different geo-political structures which may.  Once
solutions offered from D.C. include suspension of our civil rights its time
to put allt he options on the table, including considering the abandonment
of the entire compact.

@_date: 1997-10-31 13:58:56
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Protocols for Insurance to Maintain Privacy 
Why not establish an offshore insurance company (e.g., in the Caribbean so
the area code doesn't make it appear outside our boarders) which knows you
true ID, but let's you use a pre-agreed upon pseudo-ID.  They could even
have URLs on their pages to services which could help you out obtaining
realistic hardcopy.
Doctors don't much care as long as they are getting paid and all will
accept out-of-state, many even knowingly out-of-the-country, insurers.
They really don't care about the IDs as long as they match something
insurance company says they'll pay.

@_date: 1997-09-02 06:14:06
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: The End of Politics 
Every 500 years or so Western history seems to reach a turning point: the
founding of democracy (Athens, c. 500 B.C.), the death to Christ, the fall
of the Roman Empire and beginning of the Dark Ages (c. 500 A.D.), the
ascendancy of the Catholic Church and beginning to the Middle Ages (c. 1000
A.D.) and the Renaissance (c. 1500 A.D.).
These points of inflection are often evidenced by a dramatic raise in
corruption and lack of faith in institutions.  At the start of the 16th
century few could have imagined a secular Europe.  Though its rampant
decadence and debauchery was widely known, the Catholic Church permeated
almost every aspect of life and its economic tentacles denominated all
commerce.  Yet by 1600 many city states had thrown off the ecclesiastical
yolk and Protestantism was born.
With the near constant stream of corruption revelations and the inability
of the political process within the nation-states to deal with important
social issues, it isn't hard to see the reflections in current events. Many
claim our nation has diverged very far from its founding roots and, through
expansive Supreme Court, Executive and Legislative Branch actions, the Feds
have laid claim to almost every facet of American life not specifically
nailed down in the Constitution (and many we thought were).
Two turning points were catalyzed by military technology (metal armor and
gunpowder) which dramatically altered the economic scale and payback for
violence.  We may be nearing the end of another such military technology
cycle, which for the last 200 years favored those states which could muster
the largest economies for warfare.  With the fall of the Soviet Union it is
obvious that democracies were able to extort more GNP through taxes than
the communist could through outright state ownership of property.  However,
the cost of producing weapons of mass destruction (especially chemical and
biological) has fallen dramatically and is now within reach not only of
small nations but increasingly individuals.  If one accepts that the
wielding of such power has been instrumental in shaping world politics then
the conclusion is almost inescapable that dominance by nation-states will
be on the wane.
The last turning point was also catalyzed by information technology: the
moveable type printing press, the first mass-production technology.  By
1500 hundreds of European printing presses had churned out over 20 million
books.  Early expectations were that the press would reinforce the use of
Latin and the Church, but most Europeans were monoglot and few authors
could compose satisfactory new Latin works.  The rest, as they say, is
history.  Many have compared the Internet with the press and it's not
unfair to characterize it as nothing short of an information revolution.
The victory of the Western democracies over their Communist opponents was a
political watershed.  With no Soviet bogeyman to wave in front of voters,
and the need to maintain their self-importance, politicians have had to
reach into the bag for new villains.  They have invoked the new Four
Horseman (terrorists, pornographers, money-launderers and drugs-dealers )
as a threat with which only they can effectively deal.  Only they can't and
they know it.  These issues are either outside their control, no matter
what restrictive laws they pass, or of their own making.
The Internet will play a key part in disintermediating governments and
markets.  To escape heavy regulatory burdens, significant information-based
business, investments and individuals will become jurisdiction-less.  With
their ability to regulate and tax Internet commerce and content denied a
major source of revenue will evaporate which be which cannot be replaced by
sales and property taxes.  This will spell the end of mass wealth
redistribution and signal a massive global down-sizing of government.
As the power of the nation-states to dictate world affairs slips, look for
an eclipse of democracy and with it politics as we know it.  Western
thought is so infused with politics that few can imagine society without.
Yet politics in the modern sense, the preoccupation with controlling and
rationalizing the power of the state, is mainly a modern invention.  It
will end with the modern world just as the tangle of feudal duties and
obligations which engrossed the attentions of people in the Middle Ages
ended with the Middle Ages.

@_date: 1997-09-02 08:55:18
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: The End of Politics 
No doubt, with so few data points one cannot build a mathematically
compelling case.
It may be somewhat self-serving but in light of the past few hundred years
history, few (except Italians) would see the founding of Rome as
significant as the invention of democracy.
I think you'd get some major disagreements with that one.
Many historians do not see Constantine's empire as truly the continuation
of the Roman Empire per se, but that of the church (an event which as you
point out began with Jesus).
True, but relatively unimportant.
Yes, enabled by amoured cavelry which by that date had transformed warfare.
the Crusades were
Sure, but almost any attempt to impose a large-scale structure on history
is likely to come under such critcism, just as theories to explain the
evolution of the universe's large-scale structure can be shot full of holes
by 'local' anomolies (the exception proves the rule). If one accepts that
the socio- politico- economic history may have chaotic aspects (e.g.,
Asimov's pyscho-history) then large-scale structures may be fleetingly
exist.  The true test is whether such attempts help explain or predict.
We'll have to wait a while for that ;-)

@_date: 1997-09-04 00:33:47
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Big Brother is watching 
Yes, well this may give some of the citizens that don't object to the
burgeoning surveillence cameras in public areas something to think about,
after they receive their citation.

@_date: 1997-09-08 03:53:42
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Removing Tyranny from Democracy (Part I), was Democracy is thetrue enemy... 
I think this discussion regarding democracy vs. anarchy is misguided.  It
may be more important recognizing where the control of democratic
government is lodged.  The following excerpts, from the Soverign
Individual, make an excellent case that democracy is not in and of itself
the primary cause of many of our objections, but rather the means of
The question of who controls the government has almost always been asked as
a political question. It has had many answers, but almost uniformly these
involved identifying the political party, group, or faction that dominated
the control of a particular state at a particular moment. You probably have
not heard much about a government controlled by its customers. Thinking
about government as an economic unit leads on to analyze the control of
government in economic rather than political terms.
In this view, there are three basic alternatives in the control of
government, each of which entails a fundamentally different set of
incentives: proprietors, employees, and customers.
In rare cases governments are sometimes controlled by a proprietor, usually
a hereditary leader who for all intents and purposes owns the country. For
example, the Sultan of Brunei treats the government of Brunei somewhat like
a proprietorship.
Governments controlled by proprietors have strong incentives to reduce the
costs of providing protection or monopolizing violence in a given area. But
so long as their rule is secure, they have little incentive to reduce the
price (tax) they charge their customers below the rate that optimizes
revenues. The higher the price a monopolist can charge, and the lower his
actual costs, the greater the profit he will make.
It is easy to characterize the incentives that prevail for governments
controlled by their employees. They would be similar incentives in other
employee-controlled organizations. First and foremost, employee-run
organizations tend to favor any policy that increases employment and oppose
measures which reduce jobs. A government controlled by its employees would
seldom have incentives to either reduce the costs of government or the
price charged to their customers. However, where conditions impose strong
price resistance, in the form of opposition to higher taxes, governments
controlled by employees would be more likely to let their revenues fall
below their outlays than to cut their outlays. In other words, their
incentives imply that they may be inclined toward chronic deficits, as
governments controlled by proprietors would not be.
The medieval merchant republics, like Venice, examples of governments
controlled by their customers. There a group of wholesale merchants who
required protection effectively controlled the government for centuries.
They were genuinely customers for the protection service government
provided, not proprietors. They paid for the service. They did not seek to
profit from their control of government's monopoly of violence. If some
did, they were prevented from doing so by the other customers for long
periods of time. Other examples of governments controlled by their
customers include democracies and republics with limited franchise, such as
the ancient democracies, or the American republic in its founding period.
At that time, only those who paid for the government, about 10 percent of
the population, were allowed to vote.
Governments controlled by their customers, like those of proprietors, have
incentives to reduce their operating costs as far as possible. But unlike
governments controlled by either proprietors or employees, governments
actually controlled by their customers have incentives to hold down the
prices they charge. Where customers rule, governments are lean and
generally unobtrusive, with low operating costs, minimal employment, and
low taxes. A government controlled by its customers sets tax rates not to
optimize the amount the government can collect but rather to optimize the
amount that the customers can retain. Like typical enterprises in
competitive markets, even a monopoly controlled by its customers would be
compelled to move toward efficiency. It would not be able to charge a
price, in the form of taxes, that exceeded costs by more than a bare margin.

@_date: 1997-09-08 10:45:13
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Removing Tyranny from Democracy (Part II), was Democracy is thetrue enemy... 
Many, beginning with de Toquivelle, have noted that democracy brings with
it the unhappy possibility of a tyranny of the majority.  The reasons for
this shortcoming are closely tied to the decision of whom within the
democracy receives the franchise and how in a representative democracy
officeholders are elected.
Our elections are corrupted by bribery - not the big money paid to
candidates by corporate donors, but the taxpayers' money offered to voters
by the candidates themselves.
For some reason, campaign finance reform always centers on private money,
as if it were perfectly OK to use public money to buy elections. Yet
critics of democracy, including friendly critics, have always pointed out
that the Achilles' heel of democracy is its tendency to turn the ballot box
into an instrument of plunder, as voters learn to vote for those who
promise them other people's money.
One of the justifications for democracy is that everyone's interest should
be represented in government. But there are interests and interests. The
homeowner who locks his door is looking out for his own interest just as
much as the burglar who picks the lock, but not exactly in the same way.
The voter who wants to keep his own money isn't seeking the same thing as
the voter who wants the state to give him someone else's money.
The darkest warnings of democracy's critics are being furfilled, precisely
because of entitlement programs that already exist, which are driving the
federal government into an abyss of debt.  Touching the big entitlement
programs - the ones available to the middle class - is "political suicide."
The president exploits this fact when he plays chicken with Republicans who
want to reform those programs. All of which shows that we really know that
democracy's critics were right. Too many voters are already bought - not by
corporate campaign donors, but by the government itself. Worst of all, we
accept this as normal, healthy politics even as it threatens to ruin us.
Curbing private spending is a superficial reform that may even backfire
eliminating the equalizing power of private money thereby increasing the
advantages of incumbency. The only reform that could really help would be
to curb the buying of votes with government money. That means following the
counsel of the philosopher John Stuart Mill, and limiting the franchise to
taxpayers who don't get income from the government.
This means that if you receive money from the federal (or state, or local)
government, you shouldn't be allowed to vote in the next federal (or state,
or local) election. This is no more an insult to the voter than dismissal
cause is an insult to a prospective juror. It's a precaution in the
interest protecting the integrity of the electoral process - and a
precaution we should have taken long ago, before fiscal responsibility
became "political suicide."

@_date: 1997-09-09 02:38:01
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: EMP & Cars (fwd) 
Lojak, like  uses a pager frequency to activate the transponder.  It is
easy and inexpensive to build a low-power de-activating transmitter,
operated in or near the car, to jam the pager receiver and prevent the
unit's operation.
PGP mail preferred, see  	 and
RSA PGP Fingerprint: FE 90 1A 95 9D EA 8D 61  81 2E CC A9 A4 4A FB A9

@_date: 1997-09-09 09:35:42
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Removing Tyranny from Democracy (Part III), was Democracy is thetrue enemy... 
Your mention of oligarchy helps introduce Part III, which like Part I is
excerpted from the Soverign Individual.
The conventional way to treating the role of democracy assumes that it
brings violence-using and violence-producing enterprises "increasingly
under the control of their customers. This is certainly the politically
correct conclusion. But is it true?
...democratic governments typically spend only a bare fraction of their
total outlays on the service of protection, which is their core activity.
In the United States, for example, state and local governments spend just
3.5 percent of their total outlays on the provision of police, as well as
courts and prisons. Add military spending, and the fraction of revenues
devoted to protection is still only about 10 percent.
Most democracies run chronic deficits. This is a fiscal policy
characteristic of control by employees. Governments seem notably resistant
to reducing the costs of their operations. An almost universal complaint
about contemporary government worldwide is that political programs, once
established, can be curtailed only with great difficulty.
...you would look in vain for hints of competitive influences on tax rates
according to which government services are priced. Advocates of lower taxes
sometimes have argued that government revenues would actually increase
because rates previously had been set so high that they discouraged
economic activity.  They did not argue that because tax rates in Hong Kong
were only 15 percent, rates in the United States or Germany must be no
higher than 15 percent. To the contrary. Tax debates have normally assumed
that the trade-off facing the taxpayer was not between doing business in
one jurisdiction or doing it in another, but between doing business at
penal rates or taking a holiday. You were told that productive individuals
subject to predatory taxation would walk away from their in-boxes and go
golfing if their tax burdens were not eased.
Customers would scream bloody murder if a telephone company attempted to
charge for calls on the same basis that income taxes are imposed. Suppose
the phone company sent a bill for $50,000 for a call to London, just
because you happened to conclude a deal worth $125,000 during a
conversation. Neither you nor any other customer in his right mind would
pay it. But that is exactly the basis upon which income taxes are assessed
in every democratic welfare state.
Government in many respects appears to be run for the benefit of employees.
For example, government schools in most democratic countries seem to
malfunction chronically and without remedy. If customers truly were in the
driver's seat, they would find it easier to set new policy directions.
Those who pay for democratic government seldom set the terms of government
spending. Instead, government functions as a co-op that is both outside of
proprietary control and operating as a natural monopoly. Prices bear little
relation to costs. The quality of service is generally low compared to that
in private enterprise. Customer grievances are hard to remedy. In short,
mass democracy leads to control of government by its "employees."
But wait...there are many more voters than there are persons on the
government payroll. How could it be possible for employees to dominate
under such conditions? The welfare state emerged to answer exactly this
quandary. Since there were not otherwise enough employees to create a
working majority, increasing numbers of voters were effectively put on the
payroll to receive transfer payments of all kinds. In effect, the
recipients of transfer payments and subsidies became pseudogovernment
employees who were able to dispense with the bother of reporting every day
to work.
When the magnitude of coercive force is more important than the efficient
deployment of resources, as was the case prior to 1989, it is all but
impossible for most governments to be controlled by their customers. When
returns to violence are high and rising, magnitude means more than
efficiency. Larger entities tend to prevail over smaller ones.
How did inefficiency fostered by democracy become a factor in its success
during the Age of Violence? The key to unraveling this apparent paradox
lies in recognizing two points:
1. Success for a sovereignty in the modern period lay not in creating
wealth but in creating a military force capable of deploying overpowering
violence against any other state. Money was needed to do that, but money
itself could not win a battle. The challenge was not to create a system
with the most efficient economy or the most rapid rate of growth, but to
create a system that could extract more resources and channel them into the
military. By its nature, military spending is an area where the financial
returns per se are low or nonexistent.
2. The easiest way to obtain permission to invest funds in activities with
little or no direct financial return, like tax payments, is to ask for
permission from someone other than the person whose money is coveted. One
of the ways that the Dutch were able to purchase Manhattan for twenty-three
dollars' worth of beads is that the particular Indians to whom they made
the offer were not the ones who properly owned it. "Getting to yes," as the
marketing people say, is much easier under those terms.... In fact, we
would be far more persuasive if we could rely instead upon the consent of
several people you do not even know. We could hold an ad hoc election, what
H. L. Mencken described, with less exaggeration than he might have thought,
as "an advanced auction of stolen goods." And to make the example more
realistic, we would agree to share some of the money we collected from you
with these anonymous bystanders in exchange for their support.
Why Customers Could Not Dominate
Those who paid for "protection" during the modern period were not in a
position to successfully deny resources to the sovereign, even acting
collectively, when doing so would simply have exposed them to being
overpowered by other, possibly more hostile states. This was an obvious
consideration during the Cold War. The customers, or taxpayers, who bore a
disproportionate share of the cost of government in the leading Western
industrial states were in no position to refuse to pay hefty taxes. The
result would have been to expose themselves to total confiscation by the
Soviet Union or another aggressive group capable of organizing violence.
Industrialism and Democracy
In 1760, the Polish national army comprised eighteen thousand soldiers.
This was a meager force compared to the armies commanded by rulers of
neighboring Austria, Prussia, and Russia, the least of whom could control a
standing army of 100,000 soldiers. In fact, the Polish national army in
1760 was small even in comparison with other units under arms within
Poland. The combined forces of the Polish nobility were thirty thousand men.
If the Polish king had been able to interact directly with millions of
individual Poles and tax them directly, rather than being limited to
extracting resources indirectly through the contributions of the powerful
Polish magnates, there is little doubt that the Polish central government
would have been in a position to raise far more revenues, and thus pay for
a larger army.
...the military disadvantage of failing to circumvent the wealthy and
powerful in gathering resources was decisive in the Age of Violence. Within
a few years, Poland ceased to exist as an independent country. It was
conquered by invasions from Austria, Prussia, and Russia, three countries
with armies each of which was many times bigger than Poland's small force.
In each of those countries, the rulers had found paths to circumvent the
capacity of the wealthy merchants and the nobility to limit the
commandeering of their resources.
During the Industrial Age prior to (the fall of the Belin Wall), democracy
emerged as the most militarily effective form of government precisely
because democracy made it difficult or impossible to impose effective
limits on the commandeering of resources by the state. Not only did
(citizens) face the aggressive menace of Communist systems, which could
produce large resources for military purposes since the state controlled
the entire economy. But true taxpayer control of government was also
impractical for another reason.
Millions of average citizens cannot work together effectively to protect
their interests. Because the obstacles to their cooperation are high, and
the return to any individual for successfully defending the group's common
interests is minimal, millions of ordinary citizens will not be as
successful in withholding their assets from the government as will smaller
groups with more favorable incentives.
Other things being equal, therefore, you would expect a higher proportion
of total resources to be commandeered by government in a mass democracy
than in an oligarchy, or in a system of fragmented sovereignty where
magnates wielded military power and fielded their own armies, as they did
everywhere in early-modern Europe prior to the eighteenth century.
Thus a crucial though seldom examined reason for the growth of democracy in
the Western world is the relative importance of negotiation costs at a time
when returns to violence were rising. It was always costlier to draw
resources from the few than from the many.
A relatively small, elite group of rich represent a more coherent and
effective body than a large mass of citizens. The small group has stronger
incentives to work together. It will almost inevitably be more effective at
protecting its interests than will a mass group. And even if most members
of the group choose not to cooperate with any common action, a few who are
rich may be capable of deploying enough resources to get the job done.
To summarize, the democratic nation-state succeeded during the past two
centuries for these hidden reasons:
1. There were rising returns to violence that made magnitude of force more
important than efficiency as a governing principle.
2. Incomes rose sufficiently above subsistence that it became possible for
the state to collect large amounts of total resources without having to
negotiate with powerful magnates who were capable of resisting.
3. Democracy proved sufficiently compatible with the operation of free
markets to be conducive to the generation of increasing amounts of wealth.
4. Democracy facilitated domination of government by its "employees,"
thereby assuring that it would be difficult to curtail expenditures,
including military expenditures.
5. Democracy as a decision-rule proved to be an effective antidote to the
ability of the wealthy to act in concert to restrict the nation-state's
ability to tax or otherwise protect their assets from invasion.
Democracy became the militarily winning strategy because it facilitated the
gathering of more resources into the hands of the state. Compared to other
styles of sovereignty that depended for their legitimacy on other
principles, such as the feudal levy, the divine right of kings, corporate
religious duty, or the voluntary contributions of the rich, mass democracy
became militarily the most potent because it was the surest way to gather
resources in an industrial economy.

@_date: 1997-09-10 10:09:29
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Removing Tyranny from Democracy (Part II), (fwd) 
I think my Parts II and III detailed a number of shortcomings of democracy,
at least when the franchise goes to 'employees' as opposed to 'customers'
of government.

@_date: 1997-09-11 04:37:02
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Government shows its hand...good news! 
Do, however, expect injunctive relief prior to any definitive ruling.
Do expect one or more crypto-libertatians to publicize the shipment of
software in violation of the new rules in order to force a judicial

@_date: 1997-09-11 04:38:49
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Minnesota wins ruling.. in LV website lawsuit 
Minnesota wins ruling in LV gaming website lawsuit
Assoc Press
ST. PAUL, Minn.-Minnesota has the right to regulate Internet activity, the
state Court of Appeals ruled in a widely watched l case involving a L as
Vegas company's gambling site on the World Wide Web.
The site's operator said Monday he would appeal.
"For Minnesota to have jurisdiction over a site that has never taken a bet,
that requires someone from Minnesota to go look at it, is ludicrous," said
Kerry Rogers, president of Las Vegas-based Granite Gate Resorts Inc.
The case stems from a push by ~Attorney General Hubert HumPhrey IlI to
block Rogers' gambring operation from soliciting business~ from Minnesota
residents on the Internet.
The court's opinion, filed Friday, said Granite Gate demonstrated a clear
intent to solicit business with Minnesota residents, including one
successful solicitation.
Rogers claimed a lack of jurisdiction because he had not mailed anything or
advertised in Minnesota. "We've never taken a single bet in the history of
the deal," Rogers said. "It was an idea. I'm being sued for an idea."
The decision upholds a district judge's refusal to dismiss the case filed
in 1995. The attorney general's office accused Rogers of false advertising,
deceptive trade practices and consumer fraud.
Now, Humphrey said he would seek a court order to stop the advertising and
seek civil penalties of at least $25,000.
Eugene Volokh, a UCLA law professor who specializes in constitutional,
copyright and computer technology cases, said the decision is "a barrier to
interstate commerce." "This is a very significant case because when you put
up a web site in Nevada, you are essentially doing business in every one of
the 50 states."
He said the debate is over how to characterize the business: Does the
transaction occur in the state of the site's origin, the state where the
user is, or in cyberspace?
PGP mail preferred, see  	 and
RSA PGP Fingerprint: FE 90 1A 95 9D EA 8D 61  81 2E CC A9 A4 4A FB A9

@_date: 1997-09-14 02:45:34
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Letter to Senator Bryan, was Re: Key Recovery is Bad for USSecurity 
Bill, I hope you don't mind me basing my letter on yours.
September 11, 1997
Richard S. Bryan
364 Russell Senate Office Building
Washington, DC 20510-2804
Dear Senator Bryan,
Thank you for your July 23 letter, however, I am still extremely disturbed
by Congressional and Administration comments in favor of mandatory "key
recovery".  Besides being a disaster for American software companies, and a
clear violation of the constitution's protections of freedom of speech,
these systems are harmful to the security of the United States.
All cryptographic systems are extremely difficult to get right.  Netscape's
SSL protocol, used for secure credit card transactions, which doesn't
provide for "key recovery", went through three versions before the major
problems were removed.  "Key recovery" systems are, as Professor Dorothy
Denning testified, much more complex than similar systems which do not
include that feature.  In fact, the key recovery system built into Clipper,
with the advice of NSA, had major flaws.  If the best cryptographic group
in the world can't get it right, after years of effort, how can we expect
"key recovery" systems to be secure.
What do we risk with insecure systems?  We risk compromising the
information of non-classified government agencies, including IRS records;
United States companies, including delicate international negotiations; and
individual Americans, including their medical records.  Even worse, if some
group should decide to launch an information war attack on the United
States, these flaws may allow them to access sensitive systems in the
finance, transportation, and energy sectors.  One simple way this attack
could occur is if the access codes are distributed using a flawed
encryption system.
The calls from law enforcement for these cryptographic backdoors to thwart
drug-kingpins, terrorists and the like, were recently refuted by the
government's own studies.  "Encryption and Evolving Technologies in
Organized Crime and Terrorism" found that there is no real "encryption
problem" which justifies placing limitations on the use of encryption.
Even if "key recovery" were implemented there are many ways for it to be
thwarted.  It is a simple matter to insert messages using unbreakable
crypto "inside" the lawful formats for communication.  This cannot be
detected by law enforcement without decrypting all communication traffic
and having all such keys immediately available, something no one is
suggesting, and without which no improvement in lawful access is achieved.
Only the most incompetent of the evil-doers will not know this, therefore,
the most likely law enforcement use of "key recovery" is surveillance of
those who do not pose a threat to the security of our nation, that is, the
common citizen.  The only reason I can see for such expansion of government
authority in this area is tyranny.
I hope you will consider these thoughts when deciding your stand on this issue.
Steve Schear
First ECache Corporation
--------------------------- Senator Bryan's letter ---------------
July 23, 1997
Mr. Steve Schear
7075 West Gowan Road, Las Vegas, Nevada 89129
Dear Mr. Schear:
Thank you for contacting me regarding encryption technology export
controls. I appreciate having the benefit of your views.
As a member of the Senate Commerce Committee, I am very aware of the
explosive growth and popularity of electronic commerce, as well as the
importance of ensuring the privacy of electronic transactions. In addition,
I am concerned with reports that American software and hardware producers
are hampered by export controls on encryption technology.
As you know, there are no restrictions on the production or use of any
strength encryption product within the United States. There are legitimate
concerns regarding export controls, but I am also concerned with the spread
of this technology. Unfortunately, encryption technology provides criminal
organizations, terrorists, drug traffickers, and child pornographers with
an effective method of shielding illegal activities from law enforcement
Certain members of Congress have advocated eliminating most export
restrictions on encryption technology. Legislation such as Senator Conrad
Burn's Promotion of Commerce On-Line in the Digital Era Act (S.377), would
prohibit the Commerce Department from regulating or enforcing any standards
on the private sector for encryption products.
While I understand Senator Conrad's support for safeguardinq electronic
commerce and promoting American software exports, I do not think these
concerns should completely outweigh the concerns of public safety and
national security. At a Commerce Committee hearing regarding Senator Burn's
legislation, Federal Bureau of Investigation Director Louis Freeh expressed
his concerns on this issue. Mr. Freeh advocated developing trusted third
parties to hold encryption access keys to aid in swift criminal
investigations. Mr. Freeh further testified that several American allies
have expressed concerns that releasing all export controls will flood the
market with unbreakable encryption products that can be utilized by
criminals, which might ultimately lead other nations to enact import
Clearly this would not be favorable for American encryption exports.
In June, the Senate passed an encryption bill which should provide a
compromise. The Secure Public Networks Act will expand the bit length of
exportable encryption software to 56 bits, and longer bit software could be
exported if they include a key recovery mechanism. As you know, key
recovery allows law enforcement agencies to decipher encrypted information
with the proper court orders. This legislation will also contain the
following provisions:
*criminalize the use of encryption in a crime;
*criminalize the decryption of data or communications without the proper
authority; and,
*criminalize the decoding of encryption for the purpose of violating
another person's privacy security or property rights.
I am hopeful that this legislation will provide a compromise that will
facilitate the production, exportation, and use of strong American
encryption products, without undermining public safety and national
security. Again, thank you for contacting me.
Richard H. Bryan
United States Senator

@_date: 1997-09-14 12:27:17
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Effect of new crypto provisions on e-commerce? 
What effect if any will the proposed rules have, if enacted, to e-commerce?
To ecash?

@_date: 1997-09-15 01:03:40
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: A Reality Check & the Full Citizenship Campaign 
So, if these "instruments of freedom" could only be useful to criminals,
then the last great hope for our country may be in the hands of
drug-trafficers, terrorists and the like, since only they will be free ;-)

@_date: 1997-09-15 11:16:07
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Pro-censorship lobbyist calls for AOL boycott 
If someone on the list can figure out Sondra London's email address (I've
had no luck so far) we should show her how to use the Etermity service.

@_date: 1997-09-17 10:40:38
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: what is a PKS phone? (Re: Notes from the Cypherpunks September Bay Area Meeting) 
I think its more likely a typo for PHS, or Personal Hand-Phone System, a
Japanese micro-cellular system.
Churn Hits Japanese PHS Providers, Too
Astel/DDI/NTT Personal
09/12/97 The US isn't the only region facing problems relating to churn. In
Japan, the PHS providers have been swamped with an avalanche of
cancellations according to a South China Morning Post report. Sources at
three PHS companies, Astel, DDI and NTT Personal, say the cancellations are
a reaction to excessive promotion last year when the US$300 telephones were
handed out for as little as a yen each. "People who should never have
subscribed to a portable phone service were enrolled and now they are
canceling," DDI's Junichi Takahashi said. In addition, August is typically
a month for student cancellations, a large segment of the PHS subscriber
base, though one analyst said the quality of the service was poor.
The report indicates that hundreds of thousands of cancellations almost
cancelled out new orders last month, resulting in the lowest net monthly
increase to date of 62,000 units.
Analysts were not entirely convinced by the explanations offered. Deutsche
Morgan Grenfell analyst Naoki Sato said, "The PHS phones are of lousy
quality; you often get busy signals or else no signal at all and you cannot
use them in cars or trains, so people have begun switching to cellular
He said although some analysts expected the PHS system to perish within two
years, he thought it would survive as a tool for mobile computing.

@_date: 1997-09-19 09:21:42
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: politics aren't all or nothing 
I agree that Nuking D.C. would be a shame.  Think of the Smithsonian and
all those national treasures which would be destroyed.

@_date: 1997-09-22 07:29:59
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: PBS Newshour? 
It seems without exposure of our views to a wider, educated, audience
there's little chance of being heard above the clamor raised by LE.
Although PBS is partly gov't funded it does seem to have tacked some
relatively sensitive political topics in a balanced manner.  Why don't we
write and call to suggest they plan a segment on this issue next week?
Declan, got any juice?

@_date: 1997-09-22 07:58:09
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: RJ Op-Ed piece 
Using substantial portions of Bill Frantz's "Key Recovery is Bad for US
Security" letter to Sen. Swienstein and with his encouragement, I've had a
piece, "Cryptography ban would cost jobs, freedom," published in this
Sunday's Las Vegas Review-Journal :
This item is in response to Vin Suprynowicz's Sept 12 editorial, posted as
"Column, Sept. 12," to this list, also in the RJ.

@_date: 1997-09-22 08:37:30
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: EAR question 
If crypto source code is published in printed form and distributed under a
non-disclousre agreement does it meet the uncontrolled export criteria
under the new EAR regs?  My question seems to hinge on the definition of
"general distribution," in Sec. 734.7.
The key passages seem to be:
Sec. 734.3  Items subject to the EAR.
* * * * *
    (b) * * *
    (3) Publicly available technology and software, except software
controlled for EI reasons under ECCN 5D002 on the Commerce Control
List, that:
    (i) Are already published or will be published as described in
Sec. 734.7 of this part;
    (ii) Arise during, or result from, fundamental research, as
described in Sec. 734.8 of this part;
    (iii) Are educational, as described in Sec. 734.9 of this part;
    (iv) Are included in certain patent applications, as described in
Sec. 734.10 of this part.
    Note to paragraphs (b)(2) and (b)(3) of this section: A printed
book or other printed material setting forth encryption source code
is not itself subject to the EAR (see Sec. 734.3(b)(2)). However,
notwithstanding Sec. 734.3(b)(2), encryption source code in
electronic form or media (e.g., computer diskette or CD ROM) remains
subject to the EAR (see Sec. 734.3(b)(3)).
Sec. 734.7  Published information and software.
* * * * *
    (b) Software and information is published when it is available for
general distribution either for free or at a price that does not exceed
the cost of reproduction and distribution. See Supplement No. 1 to this
part, Questions G(1) through G(3).

@_date: 1997-09-23 11:54:12
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Minnesota Appeals Court Affirms Jurisdiction of the State 
In a recent action, the Minnesota Court of Appeals states that the Attorney
General has the right to regulate internet activity. This is one of the
first pieces of case law to arise in the area of internet gambling.

@_date: 1997-09-25 13:01:37
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Crypto-victory in Commerce; Oxley talks about nuking Congress 
Might this not now be used to our advantage.  If partisans from our side
can bait the stubborn committee members into quashing the bill, we've won
an even greater victory...no new crypto bill.

@_date: 1997-09-27 23:11:02
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Remailers and ecash 
One item which has been missing is an accessible API. (The Digicash
merchant software is, I believe, designed for online use only.)  This need
is about to be fulfilled.  Another item is a service to sell/redeem ecash
w/o need of a bank account and supporting client software.  This too is
about to become available.

@_date: 1997-09-28 08:30:38
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Remailers and ecash 
True, but then the remailer's income would be available to LE, since payee
anonymity isn't supported by DC.  Accountless operation is by far a better
alternative for some business.

@_date: 1997-09-28 08:33:18
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Remailers and ecash 
You get what you pay for.
When remail use is casual and protects rather innocuous content then little
if any can be charged.  When content and identity protection is important
to the sender than a larger, but probably still small amount is fair.  I
would be willing to spend a few cents for each hop from reliable remailers.
In business, one can never tell if there's a market until the product or
service reaches sufficient audience.  Some of the most successful products
(e.g., Sony's Walkman and the Internet) were roundly rejected by industry
pundits and marketeers prior to introduction.

@_date: 1997-09-28 14:12:57
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Remailers and ecash 
The only way ecash is likely to catch on is if there's something useful to
purchase with it.  Remailers are a great way to create that opportunity,
fisrt with CP and then with the wider Net community.
Just like PGP.
Yes, and with client SW.  The main technical reason remailers aren't in
general use is a lack of simple to use, uniform feature, remailer clients
(yes, I know about Private Idaho).  This would best be either plug-ins for
the many email clients, but simpler yet a browser applet so any platform
can use use it and no explicit download is needed.  Such an applet has been
prototyped by Geoff Keating and is online, needing mainly Type II and ecash
support.  There might even be a hybrid step to create an adaptor plug-in
connected to the browser applet (if the sandbox permits this
intercommunication).  In any case, Java is definitely the way to go for
client SW.
PGP mail preferred, see  	 and
RSA Fingerprint: FE 90 1A 95 9D EA 8D 61  81 2E CC A9 A4 4A FB A9
