
@_date: 2001-02-28 08:31:40
@_author: B.Chandler 
@_subject: unknown_subject 
yes quatloos, injustices occur every day.
answer this, what class of citizens existed before the 14th amendment?
was every congressman and every president that served prior to the 14th
amendment frauds? NO .
Before the 14th Amendment "citizen of the United States" did NOT exist.
Again, were every congressman and every president that served prior to the
amendment frauds?
Quatloos Wrote:
California Couple Sentenced for Helping Clients Evade Taxes
February 23, 2001
By DAVID CAY JOHNSTON
A California couple who helped their clients evade at least $13.8
million in federal income taxes were sentenced to long prison terms
yesterday, sentences the judge extended after they said that the
tax laws were invalid and did not apply to them.
 The couple, Dorothy and George Henderson of Roseville, Calif.,
sold trusts through which, customers were told, they could put
their money beyond the reach of the Internal Revenue Service. The
couple kept 5 percent of the deposits.
 Mrs. Henderson, 56, was sentenced to more than 11 years in prison
and Mr. Henderson, 59, was sentenced to six and a half years by
Judge Garland E. Burrell Jr. of United States District Court in
 The Hendersons did not testify at their trials, but at a
sentencing hearing yesterday they told Judge Burrell that the
I.R.S. had no authority over them and that they would pursue claims
against the government.
 They also said they were exempt from tax under Section 861 of the
Internal Revenue Code, contending that the statute excludes most
Americans from income taxes.
 Donald Dorfman, Mrs. Henderson's lawyer, said that he tried to
show his client that she had misread the law and that rather than
exempting anyone from taxes it extended the reach of American tax
law to income from foreign sources.
 "She wouldn't listen," Mr. Dorfman said. "She insisted on speaking
and telling the judge about the 861 position and how as a sovereign
citizen of California the federal courts had no jurisdiction and
all sorts of gibberish."
 Mr. Dorfman said the speech caused the judge to add five months to
Mrs. Henderson's sentence beyond prosecutors' request.
 The judge gave Mr. Henderson an extra eight months.
 The 861
position is being advocated by a small but growing number of
business owners and others who, calling themselves the tax honesty
movement, say that the government operates the I.R.S. illegally.
These business owners have boasted in ads in USA Today and on the
Internet that they do not pay taxes and say the I.R.S. has not
acted against them. They cite that as proof that the tax laws are a
 The case against the Hendersons began several years ago and grew
out of another case in which four other Californians, including a
lawyer, were convicted and are now in prison.

@_date: 2001-02-28 08:54:21
@_author: B.Chandler 
@_subject: FW: [SupremeLaw] meet Manuel Diaz Saldana, Secretary of the Treasury 
Sent: Tuesday, October 10, 2000 4:23 PM
Departamento De Hacienda
Secretary of the Treasury
Manuel Diaz Saldana (aka Manuel Diaz-Saldana)
P.O. Box 4515
San Juan, Puerto Rico 00902
found at:
See also:
and search for "Secretary of the Treasury"!
(wanna buy some used tires?)
At 27 CFR 250.11, Meaning of terms, we find:
"Secretary.  The Secretary of the Treasury
of Puerto Rico."
"Secretary or his delegate.  The Secretary or
any officer or employee of the Department
of the Treasury of Puerto Rico duly authorized
by the Secretary to perform the function mentioned
or described in this part."
"Virgin Islands regulations.  Regulations issued
or adopted by the Governor of the Virgin Islands,
or his duly authorized agents, with the concurrence
of the Secretary of the Treasury of the United
Thus, there is:
a Secretary of the Treasury of Puerto Rico
a Secretary of the Treasury of the United States!
And, the $64,000,000,000* question is this:
For which Secretary do IRS employees work?
(Film at 11 :)
*  that's "billions" folks!
p.s.  Moving right along, we are now in hot pursuit
of the UNITED STATES OF AMERICA [sic].  Helpful hints:
28 CFR 0.55, 0.64-1, 0.64-2, 0.96 and 0.96b
Can you count the number of criminal indictments
that have been issued by panels of federal citizens
alleged to be federal grand juries, in the name of
the UNITED STATES OF AMERICA?
Do You Yahoo!?
Get Yahoo! Mail - Free email you can access from anywhere!
-------------------------- eGroups Sponsor -------------------------~-~>
It's Easy. It's Fun. Best of All, it's Free!

@_date: 2001-02-28 09:09:38
@_author: B.Chandler 
@_subject: Where is IRS in Title 31 Organization  
GEE Quatloos, I cant even find "Internal Revenue Service" in title
31 under Organization of the Department Of the Treasury!
See 31 U.S.C. 301(f)(2):
   (f)(2)
This is the ONLY mention of the IRS that I can
find in the organization of the U.S. Treasury.
Title 31 HAS been enacted into positive law.
