
@_date: 1993-02-21 12:05:55
@_author: Rusty Babani 
@_subject: Last message about wistleblowing. 
The last message about whistle blowing ended up in my mailbox because
the request-remail-to line was formatted wrong.  I simply forwarded on
to the list seeing as it wasn't too much work.  I just want people to know that *I* wasn't the originator of the messgae even though it has
my signature on it!  Thanks.  The anonymimity of the original sender
was still protected, howver.

@_date: 1993-03-03 08:49:19
@_author: Rusty Babani 
@_subject: ANON: Textual analysis 
Yanek Martinson stated in the last message:
That is insane... remailers are not the place where this kind of work
should be taking place. If anything the user should run his document
that (s)he wants stripped of grammer clues with software designed for
that purpose on on his/her own machine.  This way, the user can see
immediate results.  They don't have to wait anywhere from 1 minute to
a few days to see the results of the "rephrasing remailer".

@_date: 1993-03-03 13:04:40
@_author: Rusty Babani 
@_subject: ANON: My remailer 
Due to circumstances beyond my control, I have had to take down the
remailer that is running in my account.  (read: If I put it back up
again... my account will be taken away.)
I only got a brief message from the system administrator stating
"Running anonymous remailers is against University policy."
Thus, since my account is more important (considering I need it for projects and the like...) than a remailer, I have taken it down.
I'd appreciate it if you spread the word.

@_date: 1993-03-03 18:15:47
@_author: Rusty Babani 
@_subject: ANON: anon policy of UB 
Here is a copy of the policy that my system administrator was refering to:
         CONDITIONS OF USE OF THE COMPUTING CENTER FACILITIES
                      Academic Computing Services
                     University Computing Services
                State University of New York at Buffalo
                             March 4, 1988
     The use of University at Buffalo academic computer systems by members of the university community is authorized by Academic Computing, University
Computing Services.  All classes of users (students, faculty, and staff
members) have equal privileges and equal access to the Computing
Center's facilities,  and all have the responsibility to use the Computing
Center's services in an effective, efficient, ethical, and legal manner.
     Every computer account issued by University at Buffalo is the responsibility of the person in whose name it is issued.  As a result, acquiring an account in another person's name, or using an account without the explicit permission of the owner and the full knowledge of Academic
Computing will be considered to be theft of services, and will be dealt
with according to the "Student Rules and Regulations" and/or Chapter 514
of the New York State Penal Law.
     It is mandatory that the owner of an account be careful to keep the
account secure by keeping the password secret, changing the password
often, and reporting to Academic Computing when anyone else is using
the account without permission.
Authorized Use
     As a condition for use of the Academic Computing systems, all users
are expected:
(1)  To respect the privacy of others.  For example, users shall not
     intentionally seek information on, obtain copies of, or modify files
     or passwords belonging to others.
(2)  To respect the integrity of the University at Buffalo computing systems.
     For example, users shall not intentionally develop or use programs
     that harass other users, infiltrate a computing system, or damage or
     alter the software components of a computing system.
(3)  To not develop programs or use any mechanisms to alter or avoid
     accounting for the use of computing services or to employ means by
     which the facilities and systems are used anonymously or by means
     of an alias.  For example, users shall not send messages or mail, or
     print files which do not show the username of the user using the
     system or which exhibit a username other than that of the sender.
(4)  To respect the legal protection provided by copyright and licenses
     held by the Computing Center.  For example, users shall not make
     copies of a licensed computer program to avoid paying additional
     license fees.
(5)  To use the accounts only for University related purposes.  For
     example, users shall not authorize individuals who are not associated
     with the University to use an account nor use the academic
     computers for non-university related work, without prior
     arrangements with Academic Computing.
     Violation of these conditions, i.e., unauthorized use of another
person's account, tampering with other users' files or passwords, or
harassment of other users is certainly unethical and possibly a criminal
offense.  Whenever Academic Computing becomes aware of a possible
violation of these conditions, Academic Computing will initiate an
investigation.  In order to prevent further unauthorized activity, Academic
Computing may suspend the authorization of computing services to the
individual.  Confirmation of unauthorized use of the facilities may result
in the closing of accounts permanently, billing for computer time used for
non-university endeavors, disciplinary action, and/or legal action.
Responsible use
     Users are expected to use computing resources in a responsible and
efficient manner consistent with the instructional, research, and
administrative goals of the University.  Users are expected to refrain
from engaging in deliberately wasteful practices such as printing large
amounts of unnecessary listings, performing endless unnecessary
computations, or unnecessarily holding public terminals, tape drives, dial-
up phone lines for long periods of time when others are waiting for these
resources.  In addition, the playing of games or using networks for purely
recreational purposes when others are waiting for terminals represents
irresponsible use of the equipment.
     Academic Computing prefers not to act as a disciplinary agency or
to engage in policing activities.  However, in cases of unauthorized or
irresponsible behavior, Academic Computing does reserve the right to take
remedial action, commencing with an investigation of the possible abuse.
Users, when requested, are expected to cooperate in such investigations.

@_date: 1993-03-03 18:27:29
@_author: Rusty Babani 
@_subject: ANON: My remailer 
Chael Hall stated in the last message:
I know that the remailer I was running wasn't the biggest kept secret,
however, I made sure not to mention it to too many local people.  I
wonder if my sysadmin found out thru mail-logs or thru a pgp key
server or somebody told him or what?  I guess I'll never find out.
Chael, it might be wise to check out exactly what your "university's"
policy concerning this is... before it's too late!

@_date: 1993-03-04 10:55:51
@_author: Rusty Babani 
@_subject: PGP: removed from UB 
This message came to me immidatly after I requested the sysadmin here
at UB to upgrade to PGP to version 2.1 Do I need to explain this?
---------Begin Included Message-----
Organization: University at Buffalo
Path: acsu.buffalo.edu!ub!pjg
  Product:	pgp
  Version:      2
  Systems:      UCS public suns
   Change:      removed
  Contact:	pjg at acsu.buffalo.edu
Effective:	2-March-93
   Notes:       given the questionable legal status of the PGP software

@_date: 1993-03-05 07:57:09
@_author: Rusty Babani 
@_subject: ANON: Sysadmin Policies at Universities (and HS) 
Peter Honeyman stated in the last message:
No, not yet anyway.  I've announced it in the local school newsgroups
that I have pgp available in my directories (with world readable and
executable permisions).  But my original intent was to get pgp working
in a system directory so that I wouldn't have to spare my own quota (what
little I have of it).  PGP eats up space!
I'm begining to wonder if someday they'll say something like, "Stop
using PGP or we'll close your account."  That's when I'll seriously
have to consider transferring.

@_date: 1993-03-05 08:35:43
@_author: Rusty Babani 
@_subject: ANON: Sysadmin Policies at Universities (and HS) 
Chael Hall stated in the last message:
[nice story about sudents and privacy deleted]
They haven't changed their policy since 1988.  That was when it was
created and that is the same policy I had to sign to get an account
one and a half years ago.
VAX accounts and unix accounts on the time-share hosts are pretty much
given to anyone who asks for one.  Both these systems are very slow
due to the high load in the daytime.
Unix accounts on the special CS machines are only given to those who
can prove they are in a CS related major.  (I have all three types of
I was doing this by running the remailer... However, they caught up
with me.
They seem to stand behind their policies and have even given me
reasons as to why the policies are such.  Here is the responce I got
as to WHY I CANT RUN A REMAILER IN MY ACCOUNT...
-------Begin Quote-------
It has always been our policy that your accounts may only be used by
you. Without such a policy, illegal and untracable actions may take
place and these in turn put the University at serious legal risk. By
installing such a mailer you are giving limited use of your account
to the entire world.
--------End Quote--------
Then he went on to say something to the effect of having an account
is not a right but a privilage, etc.
I think complaining would only hurt me right now.  Even if I complain
"Anonymously" I think they would be able to figure out who was behind
the complaints.  If I mailed a message form my account to them, they
could easily trace it back to me if they wanted to... I would have to
find another account on a machine not connected directly to UB to
complain from.  Of course, I would have to go the encrypted my
messages to the anonymous remailers... all the way, and make it at
MINIMUM a double hop message.  It's possible.  But is it worth the
work especially since they seem pretty content with the policy the way
it is?

@_date: 1993-03-05 08:47:40
@_author: Rusty Babani 
@_subject: ANON: Textual analysis 
E. Dean Tribble stated in the last message:
I was under the impression that such software could be developed for
Joe Schmoe's 286 box or even Joe Schmoe's 386 box or (if Joe is rich)
his 486 box.  The power of these computers shouldn't be underestimated.
The first step is to develop the programs. Are there any programs
redily available for testing and/or analysis on any type of platform?

@_date: 1993-03-05 13:32:19
@_author: Rusty Babani 
@_subject: ANON: Sysadmin Policies at Universities (and HS) 
Jordan Hayes stated in the last message:
[argues that I should get my own network link and then run a remailer on
"my" machine]
Well, "the" account has "my" name stamped all over it.  With a few
resstrictions... I have full use of the account.  But that's not
proof.  Here's proof... quoting from UB's own computing policy ...
(which I am now THOUROULY familiar with!  :->  )
                                ^^^^^
                               ^^^^^
Even the policy seems to agree that someone is an "owner" of a given
account.  It doesn't mention that ACS (Academic Computing Services) is
the "owner" of the account.  Need I say more?

@_date: 1993-03-05 14:03:28
@_author: Rusty Babani 
@_subject: Revocation of key... 
Well, since the remailer won't be running in "my" account at UB anymore...
I've issued a compromise certificate for the key to the remailer:
Anonymous Remailer -----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.1
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
