
@_date: 1993-12-30 09:30:44
@_author: Bob Baldwin 
@_subject: Trapdoor vs. Escrow 
of 12/30/93 (Revised Clipper FOIA results from Asst Secretary of Defense).
It strongly suggests that the government has two options:
1. Key Escrow, and
2. Trapdoor chips.
that the clipper/Capstone project includes BOTH Key Escrow and Trap Door.
The chips would use a subliminal channel (like the bits that can be
hidden in a DSS signature) to reveal the chips key.  Presumably the
revealed key is encrypted to make sure that only the "good guys" can
recover the key.
developed trapdoor chips long before the need to use them in public
cryptography.  The US exports its crypto hardware to "friendly nations"
and has a strong interest in being able to read our friend's traffic.
The old fashion way of doing this was to sell old crypto hardware to
these nations even though the NSA new how to break the systems.
I recall that an NSA employee went to jail for telling Sweden that
the NSA knew how to break the Hagelin cipher machine at the end of WWII
when the US gave Sweden and other nations a large number of these machines.
Given the length of the jail sentence (30 years), I suspect that he did
other crimes, but the government did not want to expose them.
to sell them chips that reveal key bits via a subliminal channel.

@_date: 1993-11-12 14:29:42
@_author: Bob Baldwin 
@_subject: VMS Password security 
VMS used the Purdy Password hashing function.  I considered using it
for the Oracle RDBMS password function, but dropped the idea when I
realized that it is possible to invert the hash function.  I don't have
my notes, but I recall that it only took me a couple days to work it out.
The problem is that many passwords hash to the same value.  It is actually
hard to find out the true password that someone else chose, but easy to
find another password that will hash to the same value.  The hard part is
finding a printable password that maps to the desired value.

@_date: 1993-11-18 13:32:18
@_author: Bob Baldwin 
@_subject: Duress Passwords/PINs/Combinations 
under duress is a very good idea that some existing systems already
employ.  I'll pass along the ones I have had contact with.  From a
systems point of view, it is hard to figure out exactly how the system
should respond when it recognizes a duress authentication.  There are
competing interests as I'll explain after some examples.
can be opened with two combinations.  One combination sends an alarm
to the bank via a separate phone line (not the one used to perform the
ATM transaction).  The alarm phone line is also connected to a conventional
panic switch.
alarm goes off, the office calls his house to ask if it was a false
alarm.  They ask for a password to verify, and no matter what password
you give they say "OK, I'll log it as a false alarm."  If you gave the
wrong password, they call the police and notify them of a crime in
progress with hostages.  If no one answers the phone, they send one of
their patrol cars.
repackaging of someone else's token) supports a fixed or variable duress
pin.  In the fixed duress pin mode, a special PIN, usually "1111", causes
the device to use a fixed different key to compute the response to
the challenge.  The code that authenticates the response checks for a
use of the duress key if the response does not correspond to the value
expected for the user's key.  The variable duress PIN approach is a feature of the card where the user can set which PIN value causes the card
to use the alternate key.  From a software point of view, the authentication
procedure returns Yes/No/Duress.  Note it is possible to have a collision
between a duress response and a regular response.
possibility:  A criminal makes an ATM money-filler open the safe at gun point
(the ATM repair people do not know the safe combination).  The
criminal says that she knows about the duress combination and threatens to
shoot the kneecaps off the person if they use the duress combination.  The
criminal will take the money-filler hostage for a few minutes to guarantee
a clean get-away.  So what does the money-filler do?  To use the duress
combination requires faith that the bank will handle the situation in
a subtle way and thus avoid major knee surgery.  For the bank, why risk
loosing any money or loosing the criminal.  In fact, why not just refuse
to open the safe in the first place?  What is the right balance between
these interests?  How does each party trust that the other will behave
as expected?  What is the benefit of this approach when the criminals
already know about it?  It works well against criminals that don't know
about it, but is that enough to justify the overhead?
can and do answer them in order to make rational choices about duress
the adjacent nodes time to cleanup their surroundings of evidence or
to totally "leave town".

@_date: 1993-10-01 12:03:38
@_author: Bob Baldwin 
@_subject: Media declassification 
classified disks, the US Government has approved a number of software
systems that overwrite the media with ones and zeros.  Different agencies
have different rules and defense contractors have to obey the rules of
the agency that they are servicing.  The NSA and DOE require four
passes over the data with the patterns 0x00, 0x55, 0xAA, and 0x41 (these
are hex byte values).  The last value is the Ascii letter 'A', which
is then verified by spot checking.  This pattern flips each bit at least
once after setting all bits to zero.
fringe regions of the magnetic domains and reconstruct the last dozen
or so values for a particular domain.  This result means that if a
disk has really sensitive information, and it is leaving the secure
facility (i.e., not just being re-used for another project, or being
transfered to another secure location), then the four-pass overwrite
program must be run at least three times.
the disk head must be wiggled back and forth as it moves along the
disk to vary the alignment between the head and the track to maximize
the erasure of outlying magetic domains.  If the head is simply stepped
from track to track, all tracks will miss the same outlying domains
because the head stepping error rate (e.g., 2% off true alignment in
the inbound direction) tends to remain constant as the head moves
the data surfaces including sector headers, bad blocks, alternate
cylinders, disk label regions, and sectors reserved for holding
redundant copies of the disk geometry information or the disk controller
microcode.  All this requires going below the operating system to
directly issue SCSI or IDE disk commands.
for Unix platforms.

@_date: 1993-10-14 09:46:58
@_author: Bob Baldwin 
@_subject: Generating random numbers from english text 
I would point out one convenient way to generate random numbers in
the situation where you do not need to generate them frequently.  I believe
that Claude Shannon (Dr. Information Theory) proposed this:
1. Ask a person to speak about any topic for a paragraph or two.
   Instruct them to generate original sentences, not just repeats of
   some passage of a written work.  Write down what they say.
2. The english language has an entropy of 1.0 to 1.5 bits per letter,
   so it is safe to extract one bit per character.  If you read Shannon's
   work and its modern interpretation, you will understand that this
   bit per character is truely random.  It is uncorrelated with all
   the other bits.  The reason for avoiding a pre-existing written
   work (poem, article, story, etc), is to avoid a brute force search
   of the source language space.
MD5 digest of a long text string.  For a 128 bit digest, you need
at least 128 characters of source language.  For a larger random number,
you can concatenate multiple MD5 values from multiple pieces of source text.
is important to make sure no one can uncover the original source text.
