
@_date: 2016-01-31 22:40:06
@_author: Bardi Harborow 
@_subject: Fwd: New High School Principal's speech to students. 
References: <510A847E700D4DD684DDF160ADA31ECB
I'm from Australia, so I thought I would I would throw in my 2 cents
(0.01416 USD at time of writing).
This principal needs to go back to school and learn the language of
the country they seem to be so proud of. It's "honoured" not
Okay, fine.
How exactly were you "honouring" it before-hand?
*and* your humanity.
The nationalism is painful.
What do you count as non-Australian nationality-based celebrations? Do
we even have any Australian nationality-based celebrations.
"Australia's values" -- invading and slaughtering millions of Aborigines?
Okay. This sounds reasonable.
Isn't this what clubs are generally?
It makes no sense to start talking about solutions to a problem that
hasn't even been defined yet (shout out to the current contributor
covenant debate).
"Those" could be a reference to either the clubs before or after the
"changes". Logic would suggest the latter, but the principal should
know better than to structure their paragraphs like this.
More discussion of an imaginary problem.
Ah, okay...?
The other reason being that people like you are stopped as soon as possible.
"it is deplorable that most Australians only speak English" -- Exactly
why I'm on a student exchange program right now.
"but if you want classes taught in your native language rather than in
English,this is not your school." -- Okay, your school doesn't have
the capability to offer classes in another language. That's fine. Most
schools in Australia don't.
There are two ways of creating change, by forcing it, or by creating
an environment where the students come to the desired conclusion
I'm from Australia and I'm not sure what "self-esteem programs" would
even entail.
How about none? We could treat learning as a "sacred endeavour" and
not start telling one person that they, essentially "won the game"
while the rest of them lost. It's this sort of ego-building positive
feedback that creates the kind people our governments are full of.
"politics" -- In my experience, Australian schools don't discuss
politics very much at all.
"smoking and caffeine" -- Lessons regarding smoking and caffeine have
been somewhat mismanaged in Australia and often more people end up
doing these things after the classes, so there is clearly a problem.
"sexual harassment" -- I've never been in a class that talked about this.
"global warming" -- I've never been in a class that tried to "terrify"
anyone about global warming. If the principal is suggesting that we
should stop teaching the opinion of "97 percent or more of actively
publishing climate scientists" then this people is clearly not
interested in "academics".
(J. Cook, et al, "Quantifying the consensus on anthropogenic global
warming in the scientific literature,"Environmental Research Letters
Vol. 8 No. 2, (June 2013); DOI:10.1088/1748-9326/8/2/024024)
A better approach might be to actually evaluate why these classes have
been so inefficient and take up so much time.
I have some sympathies for this sentence, but I need to flesh that out
more in my head.
I cry.
Being this disrespectful like this to your students is not going to
yield good education outcomes.
