
@_date: 2003-12-11 14:56:55
@_author: baudmax23 at earthlink.net 
@_subject: Totalitarianism & Revolution 
References: You are right in noticing the one way trend here.  Funny thing is, this failed Amerikan political system seems to suggest that voting for the "other official party" will correct the imbalance.  All I can say is that during Clinton/Reno, civil liberties advocates were still quite busy fighting back totalitarian BS being inserted here and there.  Then Bush comes along, and ups the ante, now that They've got their brand new boogeyman of "terrorism" to scare all the proles.  Who could have thought it could have been worse than Clinton-Reno, and then we now see the horror of Bush-Asscroft to prove us wrong.
The Amerikan system has failed, all the so-called checks-and-balances have been subverted.  No band-aid reform can pretend to correct the thorough, systemic corruption and perversion of justice which now exists within the govmint of the united Slaves of Amerika.
Only total revolution (whatever that means) will fix the problem.  From a systemic standpoint, look at the linchpins that hold this slimy gangsterism in place:  THE MEDIA (principally TV), and the POWERLORDS (govt-corporate plutocracy).  The media, in covering up the main game plan of the plutocrats, would be an obvious logical target of applied pressure, by whatever means possible.  The so-called powerlords, could be individually targetted so that they are less cocky about their personal power and physical safety.
How  far will it have to go?  Will we just sit back passively, and watch our "Masters" increasingly lord over us, in our homes, in our courts, everywhere?  Will we just watch as they build the Beast databases of DNA, etc etc etc and track us like lab rats.  Will we send our children off to die for their empire, while those remaining "at home" are enslaved in meaningless, subserviant work?
Then it all comes down to figuring out who the REAL TERRORISTS are.  Who has the power to truly oppress, enslave, and murder you?  A sad day indeed, when Asscrofts and Bush's are more terrifying than Bin Ladens, et al.
We need citizen's grand juries convened under their OWN declared jurisdiction of We The People and the Constitution, and the immediate arrest and trial of those responsible for this fascist nightmare.  The "Potomic Trials"... like Nuremburg II...
Smash The State! mailing list home

@_date: 2003-12-20 23:30:45
@_author: baudmax23 at earthlink.net 
@_subject: I am anti war.  You stupid evil scum are pro Saddam. 
That is quite a presumption there.  "If you're not with US, you're with the terrorists", eh? Same old sorry ass script, dug up but unoriginal dullards as the boilerplate world domination scam.  You know, the Nazis were just make the world safe for freedom, fighting those pesky Commies, and oh yeah, those "terrorists" who burned down the Reichstag...
WTC-Reichstag 2.  Same old story.  Yep, just no decent boogymen, since the commies gave up the good fight.  They tried replacing them with "the drug menace", but that never quite took the same way.  People were yet too skeptical because too many people like gettin' high themselves.  Oh ok, here we go kiddies on our neverland joyride interminable "war on terror".  Oh yeah, that's a REAL good one, that'll keep the proles cowering for the protection of the feudal state's protection.  O. Protect Me, Thine Lord, and I shall prostrate my ass to your minions at the airports!  Pucker up to prove you don't a bomb hidden up yo ass, boy.
"Uncle Ho" was the leader of the Indochinese resistance, leader of a popular anti-colonial nationalist movement (remember, Indochina was a French colony, before the Japanese seized it from them).  The original viet cong tunnel complexes, dated back to the nationalist resistance movement which was fighting the Imperial Japanese occupation of Indochina.  Eisenhower actually considered Ho to be a great ally in the region at the time, for giving the Japs such hell.  After the War, however, the Frenchys wanted their old colony back so they could rape it some more of it's cheap natural resources, and well, Ho having fought the dickens out of the Japs, wasn't having any of it.  Eventually the French gave up (ever hear of dienbienphu?)  Then WE got involved in that mess (under the pretext of "anticommunism proxy warism"), and rather than just let them have their own country, killed a lot of peasants and made big defense contractors some mega money, before the Amerikan youth finally rebelled at being sent off to be slaughtered for defense contractor profiteering.  Ho had actually admitted to being an avid admirer of the founding fathers of the US, I seem to recall.
Saddam is irrelevant, and the real joke on US will be when we come to understand it.  OK, whoopy-dee-do, "We Got Him!"  (nevermind that WE MADE HIM, nevermind that we built up his bio-chem WMD proggies, to counter the reaction in Iran after our tyrant Shah THERE got his ass kicked out by the people).  A CIA puppet who got out of control.  Don't want to believe it, look for how he was part of a CIA team recruited to assassinate Kassem.  He was useful while he did US bidding.  Once he outlived his usefulness, we set him up ("the greenlighting of kuwait invasion, ala April Gillespie and Poppy Bush), so we had a great excuse to dump our obsolete inventories of older military hardware, as well as battle-test our latest weapons technologies at the same time.
Chickens always come home to roost.   This is the case with Saddam, same as it was for Bin Laden as well (another CIA Frankenstein, run amok on Master).  Do you not see a PATTERN here, of building up and tearing down, and making monster profits every step of the way, and the hell with those useless eater peasants by the millions?  Look at all the Panamanians we slaughtered, so Poppy Bush could "take out" a noncompliant Noriega, who was threatening to spill the sloppy details or Poppy's CIA cocaine trafficking.  Silenced him real good, didn't we.  Now he can talk to the wall in a Fed prison if he wants to talk...
Why the insecure need to dominate others?  You think "American culture" has no flaws?  You think Islam has nothing of value?  Do you not see the logic of actions and reactions (and chain reactions ad infinitum)?  Why should one have to dominate/annihilate the other?  How about symbiosis?  Coexistence?  How about finding a balance where we become more self-sufficient, so that we do not need their oil, and therefore do not get "in their faces".  You know, picking sides, like the Israeli-Palestinian mess.  Oh yeah, I guess you just swallowed the Bush lie hook line and sinker about how they "did it because they hate our freedom".  Oh yeah, well, Bush and Nazi Asscroft have taken the most important freedoms, and undermine daily anything left, so they shouldn't have any reason to hate us anymore.  I'm surprised Bush didn't claim Osama got a bad burger once at the Riyadh McDonald's, and just then and there decided that we've just simply "got to be destroyed".
Gotta stop watching so much TV, it's rotting your brain.  You think the USA can do NO wrong, we ALWAYS have only the truly noblest intents, eh?  Look at history, look at how we have related and treated others.  Oh, sometimes we have done the right things, but at least as often if not more we have done the wrong things, to the tune of millions of dead foreign peasants usually.  Look at all the genocidal CIA installed dictators... Suharto in Indonesia, Saddam... etc etc etc
WHY THEY HATE US--DUH!
in particular: In the quotations collected below, the name of the leader who was assassinated is spelled variously as Qasim, Qassim and Kassem. But, however you spell his name, when he took power in a popularly-backed coup in 1958, he certainly got recognized in Washington. He carried out such anti-American and anti-corporatist policies as starting the process of nationalizing foreign oil companies in Iraq, withdrawing Iraq from the US-initiated right-wing Baghdad Pact (which included another military-run, US-puppet state, i.e., Pakistan) and decriminalizing the Iraqi Communist Party. Despite these actions, and more likely because of them, he was Iraq's most popular leader. He had to go! In 1959, there was a failed assassination attempt on Qasim. The failed assassin was none other than a young Saddam Hussein. In 1963, a CIA-organized coup did successfully assassinate Qasim and Saddam's Ba'ath Party came to power for the first time. Saddam returned from exile in Egypt and took up the key post as head of Iraq's secret service. The CIA then provided the new pliant, Iraqi regime with the names of thousands of communists, and other leftist activists and organizers. Thousands of these supporters of Qasim and his policies were soon dead in a rampage of mass murder carried out by the CIA's close friends in Iraq.
The people in the Towers were innocent victims, like most palestinians in the occupied territories, like oppressed peasants everywhere, and any and all "collateral casualties" to our militarist ventures and CIA-coup-installed-corporate friendly dictators.  And if the "people" in the US will not face the reality of what our "illustrious" leaders in Washington inflict upon others around the world, then we will unfortunately become "collateral casualties" ourselves in such reprisal attacks.  Is it right, is it good?  Of course not, but at the same time, will it stop if "we the people" can not learn our "lesson" and correct the inhuman policies our leaders pursue in our names?
You are not facing logical reality if you fail to account for these facts.  In fact, your position, as you state it, is vacuous, and devoid of logic.  The usual "treat the symptoms but never acknowledge or deal with the underlying cause" mentality, which is so prevalently marketed to the Amerikan consumer by the corporate "bread and circuses" media controllers who profit most from failed militaristic policies.
The only way to "win" will be in respect, in humility, in dignity.  That "all life has value, even the lives of non-Americans.  That all people want the same things, family, happiness, love.  And that an American life has no greater or lesser value than that of any other".  But instead, we spiral into accellerating degeneracy, destroying ourselves and taking the whole world along for the ride to the bottom.  Another historic failure of culture and civilization, a needless waste of physical resources and human life.  But how could it be otherwise, when most can not conceive it's true Smash The State! mailing list home

@_date: 2003-12-22 08:27:57
@_author: baudmax23 at earthlink.net 
@_subject: I am anti war.  You stupid evil scum are pro Saddam. 
References: <3FE5F51D.17925.A4639DB
  <5.0.2.1.2.20031220224222.01cda850
You are apparently so wrapped up in seeing this in some pre-conceived way, as to not grasp the obvious, literal meaning of what you read.  Kassem was a pro-arab nationalist, who nationalized (as in seized, without compensation) formerly foreign corporate oil interests.  Kassem was ANTI-western, anti-American, do you get it?  THAT is why Saddam had been recruited by CIA for the original (failed) assassination attempt.  After that, he fled Iraq, for Egypt.  Later, after the CIA successfully had Kassem assassinated, then Saddam returned to Iraq, and eventually installed himself (with US blessing) as Dictator/president.  Kassem was highly popular with the Iraqi public, who were we to say otherwise, and have him killed for power/profit considerations?  In doing so, for our interests, the Iraqi people suffered decades of tyranny under Saddam.  Do you understand our involvement in that?  More historical facts for the memory I don't much care to exonerate him, martyr him or anysuch nonsense.  However, if he is ALL THAT YOU RANT about, then he would obviously be convicted of his crimes in a fair and open court.  To reduce it to a kangeroo court and a lynching as you propose is to delegitamize such action.
As Tim May has already pointed out, what direct threat has Saddam posed to us suddenly that required us to attack him (as well as cause all the collateral casualties of innocents who didn't even support Saddam?).  To punish the Iraqi people for the actions of their leaders ( 2 wars and 12 years of sanctions, no less) ... is just as much terrorism as Bin Laden punishing the US by attacking civilian Americans in the "homeland".
It was an excellent point Tim made though, that if you feel so strongly about intervening militarily in the affairs of others who have not directly come here and attacked you (like Saddam) then you ought to enlist and start fighting.  I still can't figure out your obsessive and false connexion between Saddam and the Sept.11 attacks (besides Bush's widely disseminated, baseless media propagated innuendo which misled ignorant US citizens to believe otherwise).  What ever did happen to Bin Laden?  Are we REALLY any safer today than before Sept.11th?  (Fade to Code Orange for Xmas/New Years) Is it possible to defend such a large empire, always, everywhere? (hint: Sun Tzu's "Art of War" provides the historical answer here) Or is the true path to security and peace (in the longer term) based on mutual respect of societies and cultures.  I posit the only true solution will be to remove the motivation for the attacks: a non-interventionist policy that trades with all, and wars with none, except any that directly ATTACKS the US.  When we threw the English out of the US in our revolution, WE THE PEOPLE did it, not some foreign "liberation force" coming to save us yocals.  Any people desiring freedom from intolerable restraint will take the same action, without requiring external nations to intervene and get the ball rolling.  Unfortunately, the US has an extensive and well documented history around the world of supporting/arming/protecting dictators, even from their own people who may be revolting against them in armed rebellion.
You can, in your ignorance, ignore the well established and documented history of covert CIA operations, leading to the installation of brutal dictators (like Saddam, like the return of the Shah in Iran, like most of the coups in S.America, like Pinochet in Chile, etc etc etc), but your belief does not make any of that history any less real.  Experiencing some severe cognitive dissonance between the media-reinforced "myths" and the "actual realities", are we?
I also don't understand your contempt of the ICC Hague.  The US has not signed the treaty, for fear of US personnel and officials being treated by the same standard as everyone else, in regards the commission of war crimes.  Why not pass the buck to them... do you REALLY think they'd just "let him go" (I doubt it).  And then this way America cannot be implicated in the injustice of a mock kangeroo trial and execution, which will only further motivate anti-US global resistance like al Qaeda.
Secrecy is the cornerstone of all tyranny.  Not force, but secrecy... censorship.  When any government, or any church, for that matter, undertakes to say to its subjects, "This you may not read, this you must not see, this you are forbidden to know," the end result is tyranny and oppression, no matter how holy the motives.  Mightily little force is needed to control a man who has been hoodwinked; Contrariwise, no amount of force can control a free man, a man whose mind is free.  No, not the rack, not fission bombs, not anything.  You cannot conquer a free man; The most you can do is kill him.
-Robert A. Heinlein, Revolt in 2100
Smash The State! mailing list home

@_date: 2003-12-24 01:40:51
@_author: baudmax23 at earthlink.net 
@_subject: I am anti war.  You lot support Saddam 
References: <20031224024006.GN8119
  <3FE877EE.4614.90A74AE
At 08:14 PM 12/23/2003 -0800, CIA-apologist "James A. Donald" "Similarly anyone who opposes the war in Iraq should start by
visualizing himself as the heir of  King John Sobieski, not the
heir of Saladin.  Anyone opposing the war in Iraq needs oppose
it from the point of view that Americans and their way of life
should win, deserve to win, and the raghead fanatics should
lose, and their way of life perish."
-James A. Donald, post on this thread, 12/20/2003
"...raghead fanatics should lose, and their way of life perish."
Down the memory hole we go folks.  James is almost as much in denial about his lying as GWB.  Confront him as you will, let the  facts not be obstacles.  Genocidal monsters unleashed, with the blessing of James, as we will not consider the consequences, because "we can do no wrong".  Oh yeah.
Funny, then, and quite logically inconsistent, that this thread is titled "I am antiwar...".  I have not seen anything evidencing "antiwar: mentality from you, as you just justify it as all well, fine and dandy.  Oh yeah, if WE kill 10,00o Iraqis, that's worth just 1 measly disheveled Saddam.  You've got some funny math goin', boy.  That's not even counting the Billions$$ of US $DEBT we cannot afford now.
Who gives a flying F*CK about Dean, about Commies, about Capitalists, et al.  Despite repeated and voluminous, historically verifiable and irrefutable evidence to the contrary, you refuse to even acknowledge there is ANY base grievance against US foreign policy, which has led to the current state of affairs (so-called "war on terror", blah blah blah).  In your rather logically and cerebrally challenged world view, everything else is nothing but a "sock-puppet KGB conspiracy" against the US/CIA (which is giving the KGB considerably more credit I'm sure, then they deserve, if they were half as inept and incompetent as the CIA during the so-called "cold war period construct").
You see, all I care about is:  I am not going to pay the bill for this inane shit (insane policy), and I would not give my life for it.  I would not ALLOW any youth under my discretion to be seduced by these lies to lay down their life for this SHIT.  This is not freedom ,or liberty, or liberation.  You, James A Donald, are an armchair pussy Neo-con, who advocates others putting their lives and resources on the line for this utter CRAP and HYPOCRISY, and yet would not do so yourself (you are probably physically UNFIT for such military duty yourself).  Intellectual, moral, and physical WIMPS as yourself are unfit to ask, much less demand others suffer the sacrifice to satisfy your self delusions and self-aggrandizement.  People just like YOU DESERVE to die in RETALIATORY strikes to such MAD foreign policy.  My only regret is that such attacks will not specifically target hard headed morons like you.
And I for sure, would not weap a tear, because scum like you DESERVE such an end, in fact, DEMAND it it.  That's not just an ad hominem, mind you.  You don't respond to reason, you LIE and OBFUSCATE.  You deserve your just fruits.  Unfortunately, the actions and policies you advocate will inevitably and inexorably lead to the deaths of many innocents who do not share your limited views.  But it will also end the tyranny of the ignorant, and the point is, if that is the case, then so be it.  Systems seek equilibrium.
Justice will be served, wisdom will prevail.  That "it all" will have a higher cost than need be, is due to the ignorant likes of you.  And don't think anyone will cry when the likes of you are gone, any more than Saddam, any more than the scum who hung at Nuremburg.  Because you are really no different, exercising your tyranny behind the masses, than anything he ever did.  What you advocate, is murder, coercion, torture (in the name of the almighty state).  And people like you, deserve just the same as Saddam, because, at /ROOT, YOU ARE NO DIFFERENT.  Screaming for "cruise missile strikes" from a 1,000 miles away, even whilst other unfortunate suckers are designated to push buttons you wouldn't even have the balls to push yourself.  What a man!  Oh yeah!  What a MAN!
And I don't usually get quite this MAD, but such ignorance, such blindness, is the reason we are in this mess.  I'd hang you myself, if but given the rope and the chance.  If it could save ANOTHER 3,000 innocent lives, it'd be well worth it!
Smash The State! mailing list home
Extropian Principles... the Future, Now

@_date: 2003-12-24 07:39:31
@_author: baudmax23 at earthlink.net 
@_subject: I am anti war.  You lot support Saddam 
References: <5.0.2.1.2.20031224010154.00b80388
  <3FE8A22A.7166.9AF6D66
Oh some distinction.... and what if they do not lay down in the dust and relinquish their "way of life" as you demand, then you will have no choice but to make them perish?  The James A. Donald definition of "freedom":  relinquish your way of life, or else....?
If it was up to me, we wouldn't be in this war, we'd have spent it on alternative energy instead.  I think with $150+ Billion we'd have made progress on that front, thereby negating any "need" we have for Mideast oil.
The mentality of people like you endangers us ALL, both here in "the homeland" as well as innocents abroad.  That is the real message here which you have refused to hear, instead advocating continuation of the policies which have led us here.  Policies based on well established and documented history of which you are both ignorant and in denial of.
I hope you feel safer this Christmas, with your Code Orange.  Oh yeah, but how can that be, I mean, aren't we safer now that that evil dictator Saddam has been captured?!  hah hah hah sure we are.  And all along we should have been focusing on Bin Laden and Al Qaeda who are the real threats.  Oh well, what's $150B worth of military and intelligence resources...
Smash The State! mailing list home
Extropian Principles... the Future, Now

@_date: 2004-03-24 14:30:48
@_author: baudmax23 at earthlink.net 
@_subject: [osint] Martha's lesson - don't talk to the FBI 
References: <4061D344.835E317E Obvously, the policeman is NOT your friend.  However (not to excuse, only to point out the reality): Most people in general, are spineless sheep, easily cowed by anybody in a suit-badge combo.
"I have nothing to say" and let THEM prove whatever it is they are trying to frame you for.
About Martha, and various and sundry "poor little plutocrats", I have to wonder why many passionate little people who are struggling to get by, and ALSO fighting to maintain their civil liberties should really take that much pity or concern, any moreso than when some unconnected, non-rich person routinely gets railroaded and immolated by the daily affronts of abusive government.  I mean, if Martha and Co. are REALLY so concerned about how they are/have been treated, then perhaps they ought to put a least a little MONEY behind the civil liberties movement at whatever level of their choice.  I mean if "rich people are so smart and superior" (as self-evidenced by their ability to attain "wealth"), then how come they are not generally smart enough to NOT be further strengthening the schemes of the State to disenfranchise all OUR rights--including their own!?  And if it's not a question of smart-stupid, but priority (like greed is king, and fuck everything/everyone else) well, then again, why have any sympathy for them.  These are the people that finance and strengthen the State when it suits them.  The so-called "rich" believe in the system, strengthen it, support it.  So it's just pudding when the unjust state gives them a taste of what everyone else from middle class on down suffers everyday.  You leave too many large guns laying around, don't cry when you get shot by one of them.  Us "'po" civil libertarians fight this crap everyday, and we don't get paid for it, and we give in the way of logic and arguments and tactics because we don't have much money, fighting against the shit-tide of brainwashing telling us to "BUY!" and that everything's just "Fine and couldn't be finer".  Maybe it's time for the moneypots to ante up some.  I mean, why should the average Joe divert attention from other civil liberties causes to protect these poor plutocrats when they trip themselves up.  There are a billion other issues, equally important if not moreso, which affect many more people day to day via state sanctioned inequity.

@_date: 2004-03-24 21:30:17
@_author: baudmax23 at earthlink.net 
@_subject: Max's Lesson (was Re: [osint] Martha's lesson - don't talk  
References: <4061D344.835E317E   <6.0.3.0.2.20040324141534.01d90ec0 [snide preposterous presumptions deleted to save space]
In response to "R. A. Hettinga" :
I did not in any way or form, either explicitly much less implicitly, make any claim for the expropriation of money from wealthy persons in any form, much less by the state.  Much as you'd like to presume that I am just some "socialist" and rant on from there; Whatever you feel you must do to avoid the point.
The point was that there are a thousand other injustices, such as civil asset forfeiture, which effect and have been effecting people of all economic strata for over a decade now (and a lot of other governmental connivances, such as RICO anti-racketeering, and drug prohibition, from which it was spawned).  Things that routinely effect not just the Martha Stewarts, or the so-called investor class. Things from which spring forth the presumptive powers which now also threaten the investor class, who had not resisted earlier and deeper erosions of their civil liberties.  Things about which the wealthy (and politicians) don't give a rats ass about, because they are a privileged class, by and large, and the laws generally are not applied equally to them as to others.  So why should they care?  Until one of them has to take a fairly minor fall, and then it's crocodile tears, and poor Martha!  Oh the injustice of it all!  Screaming meamies, that oh God, how dare they apply the same laws against the wealthy they have been abusing the peasants and workers with all these years?!  The travesty of it!  You see, people like you only have a problem when you can't "buy your way out of trouble".  I mean, The Just-Us system's "only be for us peasants, right, massah?".
Martha is just a token sacrifice for appearances sake, to appease the masses and protect the status quo from any serious reform.  So Martha goes to Club Fed for a short stint, and business basically goes on as usual.  Is it Justice?  Nah, Just-Us.. maybe, especially if it maintains the privilege system intact and beyond serious scrutiny or reform.
It is rather telling that you have completely sidestepped anything I mentioned (aside from making false assumptions).
There we go with nonsensical presumptions and stereotyping again.  I could pull out my own label for you my friend, but that would be really pointless.  I believe that earned property of ANY strata of society should be safe from arbitrary seizure or confiscation.  It is rather amusing how you have put words in my mouth which are not there, and then spend all your time kicking down your own non-existant straw man.
You want to mock "justness" of the laws of the State...? Well then, what is your beef about Martha then?  If the state is inherently a manifestation of unjust cronyism (as you seem to claim), does that become an argument that somehow we should NOT strive to make the system MORE uniformly just and therefore abuse of power less common and arbitrary?  I mean, that's just the way it is... but then, you shouldn't be whining about poor Martha.  That's just the way States are, you know.  But I guess we come back to the double standard, and as long as the "wealth exemption" comes into play, then you really don't concern yourself with such an "inherently socialist" (as you might say) concept as JUSTICE?
Alas, you were so quick to falsely label me a socialist, that you did not read what I wrote.  Needless to say, I in no way called for any such "forceful" control of "marketing" as you inventively and deceptively implied.  Not to worry, I try to buy as little meaningless shit as possible from this disposable vacuous society.  But at the same time, I encourage people to see the emptiness for what it is.  The things you own end up owning you, and it can all blow away in a storm faster than you realize (therefore, governments and insurance).  Bread and circuses is a sure signpost on the way down, we've seen it before.  Avoid facing reality long enough, and the head kick of reality will be that much more forceful when it finally comes.  Like chickens coming home to roost.. kind of like what we are currently experiencing... but I digress...
Worry not, that I have no delusions that this "System" in any way represents me, much less has the slightest concerns about civil liberties or any of the foundational concepts upon which this country was philosophically based, much less the most basic sense of honesty or simple humanitarianism.  And by humanitarianism, you don't have to feed, clothe, etc everybody at "taxpayer expense", however, a good start would be a much better discretion about how our nation haphazardly flings around bombs and destabilizes large swaths of the globe.  Our congress, etc are bought and paid for, and both (dictated-media-viable) sides at that.  Corporate Clown A (Bush) or Corporate Clown B (Kerry).  Corporations that, by their "perpetual" nature and concentrated wealth, have subverted our system by an inappropriate and unjustified percentage of "representation", that violates the conecpt of one man one vote, and perverts and distorts our government into sheerly absurd tyranny.
See, for all the hee-hawing of the investor thief classes about presumptions of "worth" and "value" which is oftentimes claimed as earned, but quite often is fraudulently swindled from the hard work of others, and the bland assurances that "this is all good for us", yet our senses tell us that things are in decline.  We as a nation are less stable, less secure, and most people are working much harder, for much less; courtesy WorldCom/Enron/Tyco/Parmalat thievery.  Outsourcing is an excellent example of just such a swindle -- a devaluation of labor for short-term profits, which will only lead to massive wage erosion, decline of the standard of living in the west, and a subsequent economic decline as working people can no longer afford housing and basic necessities.  All and well and fine that the corporates do not see the storm rising, from their outsourcing, and how it will cost them very dearly in the coming future.  The so-called "war on terror", beyond being a perpetual war-profiteers wet dream, is the smokescreen being used to raise up a militarist police state to suppress the coming domestic instability which will inevitably arise from a massive decline in the American standard of living.
Kind of busy reading more practical material, such as the intricacies of smashing stacks and bypassing filters, or timely and relevant, such as "The Sorrows of Empire" by Chalmers Johnson.
If I want repetition, I can just watch CNN (or buy a parrot), thank you very much!

@_date: 2004-03-27 00:41:19
@_author: baudmax23 at earthlink.net 
@_subject: Anonymity of prepaid phone chip-cards 
References: And yet one would've thought that a smart radical would have been able to purchase a measly couple of 50 lb bags of (NH4NO3)  without having to call all over the place and brag about it, and for cash at that.  You don't want it known, don't say it on the phone..
Just like a bunch o' pussys that'll crack the first time they fall into the clutches of the man.

@_date: 2004-03-27 01:05:46
@_author: baudmax23 at earthlink.net 
@_subject: Anonymity of prepaid phone chip-cards 
References: <0403261946080.-1303260060
Better yet, take another 10 minutes, get change from a laundromat, and use coins!  Leather gloves, and avoid the cams (hats & sunglasses)!  Of course, I'm assumin' a fixed payphone, so the cell phone worries, not to worry...
