
@_date: 1993-12-03 13:29:17
@_author: Allen J. Baum 
@_subject: Applied Crypto can be a menace to you anonymity? 
If I were the NSA (or, rather, someone who cared about who was using
crypto in a way I might not approve of), I'd be keeping tabs on who
ordered this book!
* Allen J. Baum            tel. (408)974-3385    *
* Apple Computer, 20525 Mariani Ave,  MS 305-3B  *
* Cupertino, CA 95014      baum at apple.com        *

@_date: 1993-11-19 13:46:59
@_author: Allen J. Baum 
@_subject: Digital futures - the catastrophic edge 
There's been a lot of talk about digital money, digital identities,
how it might work, protocols for verifiability in the face of spoofing, how
to remain anonymous in spite of the best efforts of someone to find you,
etc, etc.
They all (to my unpracticed eye) rely on someone knowing a secret.
And only that someone knowing the secret.
Well, what if someone else finds it?
What if someone breaks into your house, finds it written somewhere,
or in some file somewhere?
It's one thing to say "anyone who allows that to happen is stupid"-
but people can be pretty stupid.
Or, conversely, what if the number of people who know it is <1, rather
than >1, i.e. what if you lose your secret key.
In a world where your identity is digital, the consequences could be
catastrophic. I can think of some extremely nasty consequences. It makes
the recent stories of people who have been mistaken (& prematurely) declared dead seem pretty minor.
So, my question is, what are the damage control mechanisms?
Has anyone thought about this much?
* Allen J. Baum            tel. (408)974-3385    *
* Apple Computer, 20525 Mariani Ave,  MS 305-3B  *
* Cupertino, CA 95014      baum at apple.com        *

@_date: 1993-11-22 16:52:42
@_author: Allen J. Baum 
@_subject: Can NSA crack PGP? 
I'm not exactly sure why you care whether it's easy , hard, or impossible
for NSA to crack it. It probably isn't easy; it might be impossible.
But, there is one thing that is true about NSA's ability to crack it:
 they won't give you cause to know whether they can or not.
e.g., if they can, and they read some mail of yours that you REALLY don't
want them to read, they won't act on that information in such a manner that
you can determine that they cracked the code for your message. They
couldn't use it on a warrant, & they couldn't testify as to its contents in
court. To do so would advertise their capabilities, which is a no-no for
them. (they might, of course, use that information to point people in the
right direction so they can attribute information to an anonymous tip, but
they have to be careful even there)
Even now, when it's pretty certain they could crack DES, you won't
find them doing it for a law enforcement agency that asks; it gives away
too much.
* Allen J. Baum            tel. (408)974-3385    *
* Apple Computer, 20525 Mariani Ave,  MS 305-3B  *
* Cupertino, CA 95014      baum at apple.com        *

@_date: 1994-04-29 15:04:39
@_author: Allen J. Baum 
@_subject: Encryption  in the news 
The latest Microprocessor Reports have an article on WaveMeter, an Nat'l
Semi spinoff. It is basically a smartcard chip, which uses DES to handle
decryption and keep its credit balance secure. The idea is that you
establish credit with a server, over a modem somehow. Then, you can decrypt
the data on a CDROM, which will cost you some of this digital credit. When
your credit balance goes to 0, you can call the server, and withdraw more
digital money. It also, at that time, sends info about which files have
been decrypted, so the owners of that data can be credited.
Also, the newest issue of Government Computing, or something like that, has
an article on the IRS, which is strongly thinking of using RSA for
This is primarily because they need something right now, and they can't
wait for the controversy surrounding the NIST DSS standard to settle down.
* Allen J. Baum              tel. (408)974-3385  *
* Apple Computer, MS/305-3B                      *
* 1 Infinite Loop                                *
* Cupertino, CA 95014        baum at apple.com      *

@_date: 1994-02-14 18:23:52
@_author: Allen J. Baum 
@_subject: Crypto Tech Reports 
The following technical reports are FTPable at
        ftp.cs.uow.edu.au
        pub/papers
Yuliang Zheng                    Email: yuliang at cs.uow.edu.au
Centre for Comp Security Research
Department of Computer Science   Voice: +61 42 21 4331 (office)
University of Wollongong                +61 42 21 3859 (dept)
Wollongong, NSW 2522
AUSTRALIA                        Fax:   +61 42 21 4329
Preprint No. 94-1
Y. Zheng
``Improved Public Key Cryptosystems
Secure against Chosen Ciphertext Attacks''
This note describes an improvement to the first two of the
three public key cryptosystems proposed by Zheng and Seberry,
which are provably secure against chosen ciphertext attacks.
The improvement removes a shortcoming with the original
cryptosystems, which occurs when they are used for both
confidentiality and sender authentication purposes.
Preprint No. 94-2
J. Seberry, X.M. Zhang and Y. Zheng
``Relationships Among Nonlinearity Criteria''
An important question in designing cryptographic functions
including substitution boxes (S-boxes) is the relationships
among the various nonlinearity criteria each of which
indicates the strength or weakness of a cryptographic
function against a particular type of cryptanalytic attacks.
In this paper we reveal, for the first time, interesting
connections among the strict avalanche characteristics,
differential characteristics, linear structures and
nonlinearity of quadratic S-boxes.  In addition, we show
that our proof techniques allow us to treat in a unified
fashion all quadratic permutations, regardless of the
underlying construction methods. This greatly simplifies the
proofs for a number of known results on nonlinearity
characteristics of quadratic permutations. As a by-product,
we obtain a negative answer to an open problem regarding
the existence of differentially 2-uniform quadratic
permutations on an even dimensional vector space.
Newsgroup Co-moderator:  Richard Golding, Hewlett-Packard Laboratories
               compdoc-techreports-request at ftp.cse.ucsc.edu
Be sure to send questions about specific reports to the poster, not to
the newsgroup.
* Allen J. Baum            tel. (408)974-3385    *
* Apple Computer, 20525 Mariani Ave,  MS 305-3B  *
* Cupertino, CA 95014      baum at apple.com        *

@_date: 1994-02-16 11:25:11
@_author: Allen J. Baum 
@_subject: NSA lobbying for Clipper in Europe 
from sci.crypt...
The following article was printed on page 10 of the UK's
`Independent on Sunday' (13th Feb 1994).  It would seem that the
tentacles are spreading.
For those who haven't read it, James Bamford's book `The Puzzle
Palace' contains a fascinating history of the incestuous
relationship between the NSA and Britain's GCHQ.  No official UK
opposition can be expected.
Follow-ups to talk.politics.crypto please.
How America Plans to bug the electronic age
BIG BROTHER JOINS SCRAMBLE FOR DATA
By Leonard Doyle
A high-ranking official of the National Security Agency,
America's largest and most secretive intelligence arm, is in
London with the task of selling the 16 governments of the
European Union and European Free Trade Association on the virtues
of a controversial electronic scrambling technology.
The Clinton administration hopes that the encryption devices will
become the global standard for anyone wanting privacy while using
cellular phones, computer networks and fax transmissions.  They
have a serious drawback for anyone looking for total privacy,
however.  The devices have a built-in `back-door' that will allow
spy agencies to listen in on all communications, or read faxes
and electronic mail.
Spy agencies in the US and Europe, with nearly 50 years'
experience of advanced technology in surveillance of citizens,
suspected criminals and foreign governments, have been concerned
for some time about developments that have put sophisticated
encryption devices within reach of many.
The agencies want to ensure that they are not left behind by the
rapid advances in high technology which have made telephone
scramblers and the mathematical codes used to encrypt computer
and fax data relatively cheap and easy to use.
The governments fear that electronic eavesdropping will be set
back decades if and when terrorists, money-launderers, drug
traffickers and unfriendly governments gain widespread access to
the technology.  The NSA is concerned that, despite the $30bn
(UK Pounds 21bn) a year it spends monitoring global
communications, it cannot keep pace with technological change and
the massive spread of encryption codes.
The NSA official, James Hearn, who until recently was the deputy
director for information security at NSA's sprawling headquarters
near Washington DC, is heading up a `liaison office' in London
with a colleague, Clint Brooks, according to reliable sources in
the computer security community on both sides of the Atlantic.
The US Embassy in London issued a pro forma denial about Hearn's
presence yesterday, saying: "There's nobody by that name here."
Mr Hearn is well known, however, to UK and European officials at
the cutting edge of efforts to control the spread of highly
sophisticated scrambling devices.  These encryption codes,
developed by private software companies, are putting
communication beyond easy reach of the NSA, Britain's GCHQ at
Cheltenham and France's DGSE, to name but a few `Big Ear'
As a response, the US has developed an encoding device for
telephones and computers known as the `Clipper Chip', with a
`back door' that will allow spy agencies armed with special
electronic keys to eavesdrop.  When the Clinton administration
decided to press ahead with the controversial coding devices
last week, the computer industry and privacy campaigners reacted
with outrage.
"It's like trying to order people to use only resealable
envelopes for correspondence, so that no communication can ever
be private again," said David Bannisar of Computer Professionals
for Social Responsibility.
Big computer companies, including IBM and Apple, are bitterly
opposed to the new monitoring devices.  But AT&T, the US
telephone company, which is fast establishing itself in Europe,
will put the eavesdropping technology into the telephone
scrambling devices it sells in high street shops for about UK
Pounds 800 each.
The US is keen to ensure that similar electronic monitoring
technology becomes standard in the rest of the industrialised
world.  The NSA's Mr Hearn has the task of persuading governments
that the controversial Clipper Chip for telephones and a
technology called Tessera, for computer modems, is quickly
adopted, despite mounting opposition.
The US, European Commission and four European Union countries -
Britain, Germany, France and the Netherlands - are already
deciding how to administer the dawning electronic age of
`information highways' which will bring an explosion in the use
of hi-tech in everyday lives.
A consultant to the European Commission who has worked on the new
encryption standards claims that those who object to US efforts
to regulate the market for encryption are `politically naive'.
"Whether we like it or not, the authorities will want to listen
in on our communications," he said.  "The Americans are to be
admired for being up front about it, when other countries are
doing the same thing anyway."
Experts in the field of information security often speak of
physical boundaries that now define the world being replaced by
electronic boundaries.  In this Orwellian world, which is at most
five years away, people will be issued with so-called `smartcards'
with microchips that can store their entire personal history.
The identity cards will be a passport for ordinary citizens, used
to store health records, for personal banking, paying for travel
and for identity checks at borders.
In the same way, companies and even countries will be expected to
use technology like the encryption Clipper Chip for date
"We are defining our new electronic world - which will become
increasingly important in a borderless Europe," the EU security
consultant said.
* Allen J. Baum            tel. (408)974-3385    *
* Apple Computer, 20525 Mariani Ave,  MS 305-3B  *
* Cupertino, CA 95014      baum at apple.com        *

@_date: 1994-02-16 11:45:13
@_author: Allen J. Baum 
@_subject: New Crypto product & other ramblings 
I think the only way to prevent Clipper is pre-emptively.
The advantages of Clipper are twofold:
 Gov't volumes may drive the price down
 The Algorithm is fast, and the silicon required to implement it is small.
Modular arithmetic is (belief here, not fact) bigger, slower, and more
There is enough knowledge, experience, and money on this mailing list to
design an encryption chip to compete against Clipper.
It would be better if we could just buy them- maybe that will happen.
SGS-Thompson has just announced a smart-card chip with  Modular Arithmetic
Processor (ST16CF54) developed by an Israeli company, Fortress U&T Ltd.
It's optimized for 256 and 512bit exponentiations, but can handle 1024 bit.
It sounds like this is just for public key signature verification- it can't
encrypt or decrypt at high speeds.
Anyone know more about this product? (ref. EEtimes 2/14/94 pg 20)
* Allen J. Baum            tel. (408)974-3385    *
* Apple Computer, 20525 Mariani Ave,  MS 305-3B  *
* Cupertino, CA 95014      baum at apple.com        *

@_date: 1994-02-24 10:40:38
@_author: Allen J. Baum 
@_subject: Digitally Signing Physical Objects 
To keep black market forgery part off the market, a 30% tolerance is way
more than enough. There should be no false negatives (making a real part
look fake), but if 1/3 of the forgeries slip through (i.e. 2/3 don't), this
has the affect of driving the forgery price up by a factor of 3,
effectively pricing them out of the market. (Unless the real goods are
overpriced a factor of 3...:-)
* Allen J. Baum            tel. (408)974-3385    *
* Apple Computer, 20525 Mariani Ave,  MS 305-3B  *
* Cupertino, CA 95014      baum at apple.com        *

@_date: 1994-02-28 14:26:07
@_author: Allen J. Baum 
@_subject: Mar 17 IEEE mtg:Cryptanalysis of DES 
The Santa Clara Valley Information theory Group will meet to talk about
Cryptanalysis of DES. Topics will include differential cryptanalysis (Biham
& Shamir) and Matsuis linear cryptanalysis.
Spekaers will be Susan Langford, grad student in Stanford's EE Dept., & Dr.
Martin Hellman, professor in Stanford's EE Dept.
Dinner, 5:30 at Good Earth, University Ave., Palo Alto, CA
Presentation, 7:00,  Rm 450, Durand Bldg, Stanford.
Reservations (dinner? pay for yourself?) Art Astrin 408-970-6826
* Allen J. Baum            tel. (408)974-3385    *
* Apple Computer, 20525 Mariani Ave,  MS 305-3B  *
* Cupertino, CA 95014      baum at apple.com        *

@_date: 1994-01-17 17:43:34
@_author: Allen J. Baum 
@_subject: Them ByeGone Days 
Hmmph. All this time I thought I was a newbie, but look what I found I'd
saved all these years, from the Feb 1983 Datamation (reprinted without
    How  Ovaltine's  encryption  experts  used     secure messaging techniques to boost sales
    and thrill adventure fans...
CODE-O-GRAPHS OF THE SECRET SQUADRON   by Stephen A. Kallis Jr.
Like its relative, the movie serial, the adventure serial on radio was a
continuing story, generally with lots of action; Each episode ended with
the program's characters in a n unresolved (and usually cliff-hanging)
situation, which would be resolved in the following show.
adventure serials. They ranged from the famous, like "Jack Armstrong, the
All-American Boy", and "Tom Mix' (and his Ralston Straight Shooters) to the
obscure, like "Tennessee Jed" and "Speed Gibson of the International Secret
Police". Most were broadcast between 5 and 6 p.m. and were aimed primarily
at children.
One of the most popular of these was "Captain Midnight".,, a show sponsored
by Ovaltine. Although Captain Midnightwas in the thick of the children's
hour, it was unique in having a large prop[ortion of adult listeners--
about 50%, according to Ovaltine. The shows were generally well written and
well acted.
A radio premium served a double purpose it generated demand for the
sponsor's product and acted as a barometer of the show's popularity.
Like many other shows of the period, Captain Midnightg ave premiums to
listeners. A radio premium was an item that served a double purpose: it
generated a demand for the sponsor's product (you had to send in a box top
or label or some such) and it acted as a fairly good barometer of the
number of people listening to the show (premiums cost less than the Hooper
rating service of the period). Many of the premiums were rings, such as the
Jack Armstrong Magic Dragon's Eye Ring, the Green Hornet Seal Ring, and the
Sky King Teleblinker Ring, and the Captain Midnight show sent out its
share. But Captain Midnight also distributed the Code-O-Graph, which was a
very special premium.
To understand the particular significance of the Code-O-Graph, it's
necessary to tell a little about the show. The central character was
Captain Midnight, the code name of a man who, as a young officer in World
War 1, had completed a dangerous and extremely important mission at the
stroke of 12. During the last few months of 1940, this fellow was brought
out of an early retirement to head a secret paramilitary organization that
would combat acts of sabotage. Captain Midnight was an aviator, and his
outfit relied on fast transportation, especially airplanes, to get to
out-of-the-way spots quickly. His outfit was called the Secret Squadron,
and it sent secret communications-first codes, later ciphers. And the
Code-O-Graph premiums let listeners in on the secrets.
A code is a symbol or group of symbols that represents a word or phrase.
The signal SOS means "I am in trouble and need assistance" and is thus a
code signal, though not a secret one. Codes may be symbols, such as a
skull-and-crossbones label on a bottle representing "the contents are
poisonous," or may be strings of letters.
To create a code scheme that enables agents to communicate meaningful
messages requires a lot of phrases and a lot of unique symbols. This
results in a code book, a rather bulky document used to encode and decode
The problem with a code book is that it's not the sort of thing a field
agent in the Secret Squadron could use as a practical matter. Such a book
would be too awkward for an agent to use, and would be relatively easy to
capture. As Captain Midnight said on the show, "We've got to have . . .
something small enough to be carried in a pocket and to be hidden easily.
And something that can be gotten rid of in a hurry, if you have to." He
brought the problem and a suggestion to Ichabod Mudd, the Secret Squadron's
chief mechanic, and the result was the first Code-O-Graph, a cipher device.
A cipher is what many laymen think of when someone speaks of a code. Unlike
a code, a cipher is a letter-by-letter substitution of characters in a
message. There are several varieties, but one of the most straightforward
is the substitution cipher.
JULIUS CAESER'S CODE  A simple example is to  take the alphabet and assign each letter its
positional number, so that A = I, B = 2, C = 3, etc. With this arrangement,
"code" is 3-15-4-5 . Of course, instead of numbers, it is possible to use
another set of letters. If we shift the alphabet three letters, we find
that A = D, B = E, and so forth, until we get to Z=C. In this scheme,
"code" would be ''frgh." This particular cipher, incidentally, was used by
Julius Caesar, and is known to cryptologists as a "Caesar substitution" in
his honor.
The idea of shifting one alphabet with respect to another could be carried
to its logical conclusion by placing the two alphabets (or one alphabet and
series of numbers) on two disks, each divided into 26 arc segments along
its periphery, and connected by a central pivot. By moving the disks in
relation to each other, one scale could be repositioned relative to the
other. This device, known as a cipher disk, was invented by Leon Battista
Alberti in the mid-15th century.
The first Code-O-Graph had an inner dial with letters and an outer dial
with numbers from I through 26. The two scales could be repositioned by
turning the inner dial (technically, a rotor). The positions of the two
scales were determined by aligning a number located on the reverse side of
the rotor with one of two windows on the back of the Code-O-Graph. There
were several such numbers, and each window was labeled- one was "Master
Code," the other, "Super Code. " The alphabet was scrambled, as were the
alphabets on all subsequent Code-O-Graphs. All of them were cipher disks.
The first (or 1941 ) Code-O-Graph looked like a law-enforcement badge. A
listener could get one merely by sending a top seal from a can of Ovaltine
to the company, along with his or her name and address. By return mail, he
or she would receive a Code-O-Graph and a manual explaining various secret
signals. Getting a Code-O-Graph meant that the listener became a member of
the Secret Squadron.
Besides belonging to an "in" group, a listener with a Code-O-Graph could
decipher clues broadcast during "signal sessions."
What was the advantage in being a squadron member? Besides the general
feeling of belonging to an "in" group, a listener with a Code-O-Graph was
set apart because two or three times a week, the show would feature a
"signal session," in which a message in cipher would be broadcast. The
member with a Code-O-Graph would be able to decipher the message and obtain
a clue about the following adventure (particularly useful with a
The second Code-O-Graph was manufactured in late 1941, but was not issued
until after the attack on Pearl Harbor (interestingly, in the show Captain
Midnight was in Hawaii in November of 1941, investigating the possibility
of an attack). This second unit had a more aeronautical design: a propeller
and radial aircraft engine design decorated the center of the rotor, and an
American flag motif graced the rest of the badge. The badge had a place for
the listener to put a picture of him- or herself, thus personalizing the
The 1942 model, like its predecessor, was undated, and had a window on its
back so that a number on the reverse of the rotor could be aligned for a
code setting. The second Code-O-Graph used a single window labeled Master
The acute shortage of materials during 1942 and 1943 precluded manufacture
of Code-O-Graphs for the years 1943 and 1944. In fact, most of the premiums
offered by Ovaltine and other sponsors were made of cloth or paper.
By late 1944, materials were not as scarce as previously, and Ovaltine was
able to offer a Code-O-Graph for 1945. The unit was made out of stamped
sheet steel coated with gilt paint (brass, which was used for the first two
Code-O-Graphs, was still a critical material). The rotor was made of
plastic. The year was prominently displayed across the top of the badge.
The decoration, which was more subdued than in the previous model,
represented a radial aircraft engine.
676 SETTINGS POSSIBLE The cipher setting scheme was different. Instead of a window in the back
for scale alignments, the rotor was turned until a specific number was
aligned with a specific letter (e.g., "code Z7" meant that the rotor was
turned until the Z was next to the 7). The manual correctly stated that
this scheme enabled the user to have 676 possible key settings.
The center of the plastic rotor was molded to form a lens; the rotor was
made out of clear plastic, with its scale painted for easy readability.
This lens was a reasonably powerful magnifier, and the manual was dotted
with tiny messages that could only be read under magnification. Such
"unreadable" messages formed another type of secret communication.
The following year produced a very good-looking Code-O-Graph. The 1946
model was also dated, but not as obviously as the 1945 version. It, too,
used the letter-number key for code settings, and because the war had
ended, it was made of brass (except for the rotor).
The rotor was made of two plastic elements-a scale in red plastic (painting
clear plastic red hadn't been an optimum solution, experience with the 1945
model had shown) and a central clear element for a dial handle to turn the
rotor assembly. Behind the clear plastic face was a polished steel mirror,
which could be used for flashing signals to other Secret Squadron members.
The 1947 Code-O-Graph was a radical departure from the previous models in a
couple of ways. First, it was not a badge, but a police-type whistle. The
cipher scales were embossed and attached to one side of the whistle, while
the year date and the Secret Squadron symbol (a winged clock face with the
hands pointing at 12) were on the other side. The body of the whistle was
blue, while the rotor was red. This was the only radio-era Code-O-Graph
made entirely of plastic. Like the 1945 and 1946 Code-O-Graphs, it used
letter-number key settings.
The manual that accompanied the 1947 model suggested that the unit could be
used as a sound signaling device, and gave a number of whistle-signals
(such as those used by steam locomotives) for squadron members to practice.
The 1948 Code-O-Graph seems to have been designed by a committee. It was a
circular thing, similar in shape to a woman's compact. The body was brass,
with both the rotor and the outer scale movable by an aluminum knob in the
center of the face. The face was decorated with the date and a Secret
Squadron symbol, and the letter and its associated number were read through
small circular windows.
The rotor and outer scale were embossed on aluminum disks. Turning the knob
caused the two disks to turn; they were held together through friction
augmented by circular lines of dimples. The key setting was reminiscent of
the first two Code-O-Graphs: with the back removed, the user could set a
pointer at any of 26 numbers on the back of one disk, and this would change
alignment of the two scales.
Unfortunately, this unit didn't work very well. The friction dimples were
imperfect, and there was often slippage between the two disks. This of
course could change the key setting in the middle of a message, making the
remainder hash.
The red plastic back of the 1948 Code-O-Graph had a secret compartment that
could hold small pieces of paper or microfilm. Affixed to this compartment
was a steel mirror, rectangular and larger than the 1946 unit's mirror. The
red plastic back was subject to warping, and even archival copies of this
Code-O-Graph in the Ovaltine files have warped backs. Many of the mirrors
were lost before the year was out.
Mostly because of the flaws in the 1948 model, the last Code-O-Graph of the
radio series dispensed with frills and concentrated on ensuring that the
cipher setting, once made, would be maintained. The 1949 model was known as
the Keyomatic Code-O-Graph because it required a small key to change cipher
The unit is a small, oblong device about two inches long, consisting of a
brass housing containing two red plastic gears. One gear has the alphabet
scale embossed on it and the other has the number scale. Over the
number-scale gear is a small opening designed so that a little brass key
can be inserted into it. The number-scale gear is supported by a spring,
and inserting the key depresses the gear so that it disengages from the
The 1949 Code-O-Graph used the letter-number cipher-key settings from the
1945,1946, and 1947 models. Like the 1948 model, the user could view only
one letter number pair at a time, through small windows on the face of the
unit. To set the 1949 model for master code B-6, for example, the user
would turn the gears by moving the exposed teeth of the alphabet-scale gear
until the number 6 appeared in the right-hand window. Then, using the key,
the user would depress the number gear, disengaging the two and retaining
the 6 setting. The alphabet-scale gear would then rotate freely, and the
user would move it until the B appeared in the left-hand window. Then the
key would be withdrawn, reengaging the gears.
While it offered a certain level of security to the unit, the key was
small, and easily lost. The manual that came with the Code-O-Graph
suggested that a string be looped through the key, but that wasn't done
often enough, and many members of the 1949 Secret Squadron had to learn
another way to reset their Code-O-Graphs. Since the key was not fancy, a
strong toothpick or an unbent paper clip could usually do the trick.
The 1949 model was the last of the radio-program Code-O-Graphs, and the
reason for this is that the program changed format. After the spring-summer
segment of the 1949 season, the program went from a 15 minute nightly
adventure serial to a program that was a half-hour in length, with a
complete story per episode. This was done in part because competing shows
such as Sky King had changed to the format successfully. With all the loose
ends tied up by the end of the show, however, there was no reason to send
secret messages, or so the show's producers thought.
And without secret messages, there was no need to issue a new Code-O-Graph.
So, the era of cryptography on commercial radio effectively came to an end.
Interestingly, the radio show did not survive long without its
Code-O-Graphs. The level of writing slipped to a simpler style, (perhaps
because everything had to be wrapped up in half an hour) and that alienated
the adult audience. Also, the actor who played Captain Midnight for a
decade, Ed Prentiss, had been replaced. And, of course, there was
television, which by 1950 was becoming a force to be reckoned with.
There were, no doubt, a lot of reasons for the show's demise. But I think
one of the main ones was that the day of the Code-O-Graph had passed.
Stephen A. Kallis Jr. has published two papers in the journal Cryptologia,
and for the past five years has been working on a biography of Captain
Midnight. He is a public relations specialist at a leading computer
* Allen J. Baum            tel. (408)974-3385    *
* Apple Computer, 20525 Mariani Ave,  MS 305-3B  *
* Cupertino, CA 95014      baum at apple.com        *

@_date: 1994-01-27 11:17:38
@_author: Allen J. Baum 
@_subject: clipper pin-compat - Not really 
I think we're missing the point here.
I think you want a chip that has the same pinouts and possibly
communication protocols as Clipper - I don't think you want or
need to know exactly how it encrypts or decrypts. You'd want to
use your own algorithm, not NSAs! Then, you can buy phones, replace
the chip with your own, and talk to anyone else with the same chip
securely. Further, it gives incentive for  ATT/whoever to start
producing phones with your chip, since they have very little additional
engineering to do.
So, the reverse engineering bit might not be so bad, since the
parts that are almost certain to get munged by peeling isn't what
you care about. Most likely, all you want to do is read a bunch
of ARM code ROM (if that is the controller inside it, which should be
easy to determine unpon inspection) to see how it talks to the outside
world, and talks to the encrypt/decrypt module. This sounds
a bit more tractable
* Allen J. Baum            tel. (408)974-3385    *
* Apple Computer, 20525 Mariani Ave,  MS 305-3B  *
* Cupertino, CA 95014      baum at apple.com        *

@_date: 1994-01-27 18:37:45
@_author: Allen J. Baum 
@_subject: Article: Common Randomness in Info Theory..... 
I thought this might be of interest to cypherpunkers.
The full title is:
Common Randomness in Information Theory and Cryptography
  - Pt. I: Secret Sharing
by Rupolph Ahlswede and Imre Csiszar in
IEEE Transactions on Information Theory V39 It talks about generating a common random key at two terminals without
letting an eavesdropper obtain info about the key.
* Allen J. Baum            tel. (408)974-3385    *
* Apple Computer, 20525 Mariani Ave,  MS 305-3B  *
* Cupertino, CA 95014      baum at apple.com        *

@_date: 1994-06-02 14:56:50
@_author: Allen J. Baum 
@_subject: News Flash: Clipper Bug? 
koontzd at lrcs.loral.com (David Koontz )>
Where did you get the information about the internals?
I've seen no references at all.
Hmm- a lot of the pay-TV cable boxes have security like that, and they work
just fine.
* Allen J. Baum              tel. (408)974-3385  *
* Apple Computer, MS/305-3B                      *
* 1 Infinite Loop                                *
* Cupertino, CA 95014        baum at apple.com      *

@_date: 1994-06-03 16:54:59
@_author: Allen J. Baum 
@_subject: Black eyes heal 
Its important to realize what was really gained by this revelation-
  - some PR value
  - several months before fixed Clipper/Tessara chips become available
I have no doubts that the problem that was revealed will be corrected.
I'm not sure it was a good idea to reveal the weakness. Imagine how much
worse it would be (in terms of PR) if lots of phones had been deployed
before the flaw was found? On the other hand, it's possible the weakness
was known and would have been (is being) corrected quietly.
So, there is a small window in which to take advantage of the PR, and the
delay in revised chip availablility. Unless there are some major defections
in Congressional support because of this, I don't think much will change;
Clipper will become a reality.
A competing product could devastate it- yes, government subsidies &
requirements might form the nucleus of support, but having to deal with NSA
restrictions and sole sourcing of the chip makes it a real, expensive pain
to turn it into a product. I don't think the revision will be completely
trivial, either. The way these chips are built means a much more extensive
verification process must be used- not just reburning a PROM.
A standard micro and a standard encryption chip on the side (don't have the
references here, but at HotChips there will be a paper on a 100kbit/sec
Single Chip Modular Exponentiation Processor from Holger Orup of Aarhus
Univ. Denmark) could make a viable, competing product.
Note that I'm not volunteering or suggesting that one of you should go out
and implement my great idea- just making predictions.
* Allen J. Baum              tel. (408)974-3385  *
* Apple Computer, MS/305-3B                      *
* 1 Infinite Loop                                *
* Cupertino, CA 95014        baum at apple.com      *

@_date: 1994-03-04 13:17:12
@_author: Allen J. Baum 
@_subject: SF Chron comes out against Clipper 
Well, not exactly the Chron, per say, but...
this morning a new column debuted about computer networks, the internet,
the information highway, and other extrememly trendy topics.
The first column was all about Clipper, and why it was a bad idea.
I didn't bring it with me today, so I'm not remember lots of details.
The writer has an email address on the well (rbr at well.sf.ca.us??).
* Allen J. Baum            tel. (408)974-3385    *
* Apple Computer, 20525 Mariani Ave,  MS 305-3B  *
* Cupertino, CA 95014      baum at apple.com        *

@_date: 1994-03-18 16:59:31
@_author: Allen J. Baum 
@_subject: BusinessWeek 3/21 -@ antiClipper articles 
Don't you hate it when you see something posted after it's already old
news, and its been posted 3 times already.
I hope I haven't done that.
The March 21 business week has a full page article on Clipper, the FBI
Telephony bill, and relatved matters.
It has a back page editorial that comes down REAL hard on Clipper, using a
warning from Thomas Jefferson.
I think the they're getting the idea.
* Allen J. Baum            tel. (408)974-3385    *
* Apple Computer, 20525 Mariani Ave,  MS 305-3B  *
* Cupertino, CA 95014      baum at apple.com        *

@_date: 1994-05-27 14:44:54
@_author: Allen J. Baum 
@_subject: (fwd) Re: NSA Helped Yeltsin Foil 1991 Coup 
Well, you are assuming that the coup plotters, who seem to be a fairly
incompetent bunch of conspirators, were using high security communications,
Though, if they weren't, it still might point out intelligence gather
abilities (as opposed to code breaking abilities).
* Allen J. Baum              tel. (408)974-3385  *
* Apple Computer, MS/305-3B                      *
* 1 Infinite Loop                                *
* Cupertino, CA 95014        baum at apple.com      *
